
Avoiding your unfinished home projects because you're not sure where to start. Thumbtack knows homes, so you don't have to. Don't know. The difference between matte paint, finish and satin, or what that clunking sound from your dryer is with Thumbtack, you don't have to be a home pro, you just have to hire one. You can hire top rated pros. See price estimates and read reviews all on the app. Download today.


High five Casino is the top choice for social casino gaming. That's free to play with chances to win and redeem For real cash prizes, free spin rewards, and tons of exclusive games. You can experience more high five moments than ever before. You're gonna wanna high five everyone, the neighbors, the mailman, all your coworkers, of course, your friends. Well, you get the point. Your high five moment awaits at high five. casino.com. No purchase necessary void, way prohibited by law must be 21 years older terms and conditions apply.


Good morning. It's the start of another workday for the Dateline team here at 30 Rockefeller Center prosecutor Saying she is a master manipulator. She is a evil woman. Our producers are catching up on breaking crime news around the country, swapping tips and story ideas. Gosh, could we have a verdict tomorrow? That seems unlikely. I know they're not deliberating on the weekend. We will see what happens tomorrow. Welcome to Dateline True Crime Weekly. I'm Andrea Canning. It's June 19th and here's what's on our docket. A massive courtroom twist at the retrial of a South Carolina businessman accused of staging his wife's murder to look like suicide.


Everyone was stunned. It took a moment for people even to realize they could stand up In Dateline Roundup, the latest in the trial of children's author Cory Richens and in Connecticut, a plea deal for someone connected to the case of murdered mom of five. Jennifer Doulos. Authorities alleged that he helped foti create an alibi for the time of Jennifer's disappearance. Plus NBC News Chief investigative consumer correspondent Vicki Wynn on a whole new scam to watch out for involving tariffs. But before all that, we're heading back to Dedham, Massachusetts. Since 2022, Karen Reed has been fighting for her freedom facing a potential sentence of life in prison on charges, including second degree murder.


We were there in court as she finally learned her fate. 31 days of testimony and 49 witnesses, 38 witnesses for the prosecution, 11 for the defense. Yesterday afternoon, after more than three years, we finally got something we didn't get in the first trial. A verdict, Mr. Foreman on docket number 2282 C 7 0 0 1 murder in the second degree. What say is the defendant the bar guilty or not guilty? Not guilty. We'll tell you everything you need to know about the dramatic conclusion to this case. But first, before the verdict came down, I talked to Dateline producer Sue Simpson about how the lawyers on both sides made their final pitch to the jury and what was happening outside the courtroom as the jury went off to deliberate.


Sue, let's start with closing arguments. Alan Jackson was first up for the defense. Let's take a quick listen. There was no collision, there was no collision. There was no collision. This was almost identical to how Alan Jackson began his opening statement. What was the argument that he laid out for the jury in his closing? Well, Andrea, as you know, I mean this is his final sales pitch, right? And he started off smartly by thanking them for their attention and their patience and also for their courage. Courage is what this moment, this moment demands not just to listen but to sta stare directly at injustice and say, not here, not now, not on our watch.


That's what you're being asked to do. Stare down injustice. You folks are the last line of defense, the last line of defense between an innocent woman and a system that has tried to break her, that falsely accused her, that tried mightily, mightily to bury the truth. So Jackson said the case was corrupted from the start. You know, he pointed at the lead investigator, Michael Proctor, and he said his misconduct infected every single part of the case. Alan Jackson also wanted to talk about reasonable doubt and how it is in his words, the bedrock on which the entire system of justice is built. So from the start, he's really laying out this idea that Karen Reed was entitled to the presumption of innocence, of course, and that the heavy burden of proof beyond a reasonable doubt was on the state, not the defense.


You think about one or more of the charges, you think, you know what? Maybe, maybe that's true. It might be true. Then you vote not guilty. If you think it's possibly true or probably true, your vote must be not guilty. If someone among you thinks it's likely true or even very likely to be true, your vote is not guilty, it's because none of those standards maybe might be possibly, probably likely. Very likely. None of those meets the extraordinary burden of beyond a reasonable doubt and to a moral certainty. A moral certainty means a level of confidence, so strong, so incredibly unshakeable that you could go home, you would go home, look your loved ones in the eye and say, I am certain.


The prosecutor, Sue was up next and he began by talking about John O'Keefe. He spoke about how he spent his life helping people and what a good man he was. And you'll remember he was selflessly raising his niece and nephew. That's Right. As we know, the niece and nephew were orphaned and John stepped in a single uncle and and became their, what? They called their fun call their fun uncle prosecutor. Hank Brennan wanted to drive home the message that this was a good man who died. And on the morning of January 29th, 2022, John O'Keefe, who had helped so many, was the one who needed help himself. And that one person who could help him that morning was this defendant right here, Karen Green, and she made a decision in her Lexus with the shattered tail light.


That debris failed all over the front yard. And John O'Keefe lying helpless like a child on the front yard. She made a choice, she drove away. She was drunk, she hit him, then she left him to die. What else did Hank Brennan focus on? Sue? Well, you know, like the defense, Hank Brennan went back over a lot of the evidence during his closing argument. He talked about how blood samples indicated Karen was two to three times over the legal limit. He also talked about the battery temperature of the cell phone, Andrea, and this was a whole new piece of the state's case as compared to the first trial.


He really honed in on the data surrounding the temperature of the phone battery to try to show that John O'Keefe was outside versus inside the house all night, as the defense had suggested. He also spoke about physical evidence at the scene. Those taillight pieces, There's no doubt there's a collision because for taillight's all over the yard, it's all over the yard. And when he falls back and he hits the back of his head, his basal fracture, he's then lying there helpless. When Ms. Bead leaves, she leaves behind tons of her taillight all over the yard. Brennan Sue also had audio and videos that he played during the closing argument.


That's right. He played those angry voicemails that Karen left John that night, and Hank Brandon played clips from Karen Reed's own media interviews, including the one she did with Dateline. And some of the statements she made really were sort of seemed to be her, her admitting that maybe she had, for instance, a bit too much to drink. All right, So Sue, what was the atmosphere like around the courthouse as deliberations gone underway? You know this, this has really gotten worldwide attention. It is big. And boy, I can tell you, Andrea, outside the courthouse these past couple of days, the crowd has been growing and growing and growing and, and it's all a heaving sea of people in pink.


You know, supporters of Karen Reed, We love you. You're welcome. As jury deliberation stretched into a fourth day, Karen's supporters were still there in the streets waiting. Then word came, the jury had a verdict. The prosecutor and defense teams filed back into the courtroom, and Karen stood before the judge, Mr. Foreman on docket number 2282 C 107 0 0 1 murder in the second degree. What say is the defendant the bar guilty or not guilty?


Not guilty. So say you, Mr. Foreman. So say you. No, no. Do, do you agree? Yes. 0 0 2, what say is the defendant at the bar not guilty or guilty? Not guilty. Zero. Zero three. What say is the defendant at the bar leaving the scene after accident resulting in death? Defendant not guilty or guilty? Not guilty. So say you, Mr. Foreman. So say you all. Yes, Not guilty on the most serious charges of second degree murder manslaughter while operating under the influence and leaving the scene of an accident resulting in death. A roar came from outside the courthouse. John O'Keefe's mother broke down in tears.


Karen was found guilty of operating a vehicle under the influence and immediately sentenced to one year of probation. Moments later, she spoke on the courthouse steps Is I could not be standing here without these amazing supporters who have supported me and my team financially and more importantly, emotionally for almost four years. With that, the case that has transfixed the nation for more than three years was at an end. The mystery of what happened to John O'Keefe in a snowstorm back in January, 2022, still lingers. It's a case we've been covering here at Dateline since the beginning. And tonight on Thursday's edition of Dateline, you can watch our in-depth report center of the storm.


We'll bring you the whole story, including one of Karen Reed's first television interviews. I didn't know what the hell, what the hell Happened? And I'll talk to a man at the center of the case disgraced former trooper Michael Proctor. What do you wanna say to anyone who believes that you framed Karen Reed? It did not happen as well as his wife, Elizabeth. But he did say there's some really embarrassing text messages that I have to read, and I said, okay, well own It. We'll dive into the case files, the theories, the evidence, and you'll also hear from John O'Keefe's family about their journey and what they wish people knew. She has put my family through hell to save herself.


That's airing at a special time of nine eight Central. This Thursday on NBC coming up seven years after a jury deadlocked in the trial of a South Carolina businessman accused of killing his wife, his retrial is stopped in its tracks. We'll take you inside the courtroom.


You've earned your place. Now let the perks prove it at High Five Casino. The Prestige Loyalty program delivers real rewards tailored to how you play, reach icon status and unlock two extra sweeps, coins, and 180 more game coins every day just for logging in. And with every tier upgrade, you can score up to a 50 sweeps coin level up bonus plus personalized daily harvest that grow as you climb. Log in now and check your prestige tier. Your next high five moment is waiting high five casino.com. No purchase necessary. Boy, were prohibited by law. Must be 21 years or older terms of conditions apply.


Create an oasis with tma, a modern design company that specializes in furniture and home goods by stripping away everything but the essential TMA makes elevated beds with premium materials and intentional details. Using the technique of Japanese joinery. Pieces are crafted from solid wood and position cut. For a silent, stable foundation assembly takes just five-ish minutes with no tools required to get $100 towards your first bed purchase, go to tma.co/pandora, that's THU a.co/pandora.


I've never felt like this before. It's like you just get me. I feel like my true self with you. Does that sound crazy? And it doesn't hurt that you are gorgeous. Okay, that's it. I'm taking you home with me. I mean, you can't find shoes this good just anywhere. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at your DSW store or dsw.com.


For our next story, we're headed to a South Carolina courthouse where a prominent jeweler was set to go before trial this week for allegedly murdering his wife. Before we continue, we should warn you, there is some discussion of self-harm in this case. On the evening of May 20th, 2015, Michael Colucci called 9 1 1 from outside a warehouse he was renting for his business. He said he found his wife, Sarah Lin, hanging from a fence with a garden hose wrapped around her neck and begged them to hurry. Come On baby. Come on baby. Come on please. Now we're on the, they're on the way, sir. Paramedics got to the scene within minutes, but That wasn already too late.


Sarah Lynn was dead. Michael told investigators that she had been depressed and suspected That wasn a suicide, but a year later he was arrested and charged with her murder. He pleaded not guilty and stood trial in 2018, but the jury was unable to reach a verdict This week, Colucci was in the courtroom getting ready to stand trial again when a last minute twist changed everything. Dateline producer Carol Gable is here to tell us more. Carol, welcome back to the show. Good to be here. So Carol, before we get to that big twist, let's go over some of the basics of this case. Who was this couple? Well, there there were two people who were thrilled to get that elusive second chance at Love.


They were each a single parent to a daughter they met on a blind date. They, from all accounts, pretty much fell instantly in love and got married. The two of them ran this jewelry business together. Yes, I don't think Sarah really was there full time, but she certainly was in some ads you can still see on the internet for the jewelry store. She was tall, blonde, beautiful, very personable. And so she did work at the store from time to time. What were Michael and Sarah doing at the warehouse that night? Well, That wasn kind of the last stop on a big day of errands.


They started out at a lawyer's office and then they ended up at the very famous cemetery here in Charleston called Magnolia Cemetery, where Sarah's first husband who died of a suicide, was buried at the graves. Sarah got really upset. His death were very stressful even after all these years. And then they began to drive home and Sarah had this quirk that if she needed to go to the bathroom, she did not wanna go in a public restroom. So she had Michael pull over according to Michael so she could go relieve herself behind this warehouse along very busy Highway 17.


So she gets out of the car according to Michael to go do this. And while she's gone He says he plays some music, you know, he may have fallen asleep, we don't know. Next thing he looks up and Sarah is hanging from a garden hose that had been draped over a chain link fence. Wow, So awful. What eventually made local investigators suspicious of Michael's story? Well, at first they thought it might be a suicide, but Sarah's father, Ronnie and her mother Barbara were absolutely insistent that Michael had something to do with it.


So they basically just bombarded the local sheriff and eventually the sheriff called the state law enforcement division to come in and do their own investigation. And they send a person named David Owen to investigate this. And I say the name because it may sound familiar to Dateline viewers because he would become the lead investigator in the Alex Murdoch case years later. What motive did prosecutors say Michael might have had for killing his wife In the first trial? It seemed that the prosecutors were painting a picture of, of this couple being very volatile.


So in their scenario, they were having a fight, and somehow it led to her death. Carol, back in 2018, the jury couldn't agree on a verdict at the first trial. Now here we are, 2025 retrial and the defense presents a motion filed last week. Tell us about that. Well, it centers on a, a conversation that David Owen had with Barbara Moore, Sarah's mother, in which Barbara said that in the days before her death, she had found Sarah drinking and crying uncontrollably. Her face was swollen.


And she was saying that if it were not for the girls coming home, she would commit suicide. And that piece of information did not make its way to the defense, which in legal ease is a Brady violation. You are required to return over to the defense any piece of information that might be in favor of the defendant. And so what the defense said in this case is had that information been turned over earlier, that even the state's witnesses could have come to a different conclusion and would've testified differently, which would have meant a potential different outcome.


So what did the judge decide with this motion When he came out and read his decision? That wasn huge, This court is quashing this indictment without prejudice. So the judge dismissed the charges against Michael Colucci, He dismissed it as if it had never happened. What was the reaction like in the courtroom? I think everyone was stunned. I think it took a moment for people even to realize they could stand up and the judge went further to say, you know, telling Mr. Colucci, you know, you don't have to wear that ankle bracelet anymore, the monitoring device, you're free to go.


You're not even on bond anymore. That's incredible. And he started crying Colucci. Oh yeah, he, he cried the, for the rest of the time in the courtroom. And it, That wasn very poignant too, because his daughter who thought she was going to come for opening arguments was headed up the stairs to the courtroom and Michael Colucci was running down the aisle and they sort of, you know, met in the middle in, you know, one of those embraces, It's really unbelievable. So, so Carol, this trial is, is not happening, but this isn't over. The prosecution still has a card to play.


They Do have a card to play. They could go to a grand jury with what they have and a different grand jury could decide to indict him again. We don't know what they're gonna decide. Carol, fascinating case. Thank you so much for bringing this to us. You're welcome Up Next it's time for Dateline Roundup. We've got the latest in the Cory Richens case. She's the children's author accused of poisoning her husband and the final defendant facing charges. In the case of Connecticut, mom, Jennifer Doulos learns his fate plus scammers are taking advantage of consumers confusion around tariffs. How to spot the red flags?


High Five Casino is the top social casino that's free to play. Sign up today to receive a free welcome bonus and exclusive first purchase offers. Choose the Lucky Deal package for 9 99 and claim up to 550 Game coins. 33 sweeps coins, one Sweep coin daily bonus for four days and 350 diamonds. Your high five moment awaits@highfivecasino.com. No purchase necessary. Board were prohibited by law. Must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply


At Designer Shoe Warehouse. We believe that shoes are an important part of well Everyth everything. Everything from first steps to first dates, from all-nighters to all time personal vests, From building pillow forts to building a life, building Life For all the big and small moments that make up your whole world. DSWs W is there, is There. And we've got just the shoes. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love at brag worthy prices at your DSW store or dsw.com.


I'm Josh Menowitz and I hope you'll join us for season four of Dateline Missing in America. In each episode of Dateline's award-winning series, we will focus on one missing person's case and hear from the families, the friends, and the investigators all desperate to find them. You'll wanna listen closely. Maybe you could help investigators solve a mystery Search Dateline missing in America to listen on Apple Podcasts.


Welcome back for this week's roundup. We're joined by Dateline digital producer Veronica Mika. Veronica, thanks for coming back. Thanks for having me. Okay, so up first Veronica, we've got an update in a case that will likely be familiar to Dateline fans. Jennifer Doulos, the Connecticut mom of five. She went missing in May of 2019 after dropping her kids off at school. Her body has never been found, but she's been declared dead. Remind us just a little bit about the case. Yes. So her estranged husband fo Dolos was charged with her murder. He maintained his innocence and later died after attempting suicide. Investigators had surveillance video of him dumping garbage bags.


They said contained items connected to Jennifer's murder and his girlfriend at the time, Michelle Kois was found guilty at trial last year of charges of conspiracy to commit murder, conspiracy, tampering with evidence and hindering prosecution. Okay, so what is new in the case now? So Fotis friend, a lawyer named Kent Ney had also been charged with conspiracy to commit murder. Authorities alleged that he helped fotis create an alibi for the time of Jennifer's disappearance. What's new is that the state has reduced Moi's charge to interfering with an officer. They say police asked him if he had spoken to Fotis on the day of the murder and ney denied it.


But forensic evidence later showed that Meni had spoken to Fotis when he was allegedly disposing of evidence. After the reduction, Muney took an Alfred plea and a judge sentenced him to 11 months, which he had already served. So he walked free. He spoke afterwards, Kent Muney with his attorneys. Let's take a listen. Obviously it's tragic, but you know, I have as much responsibility for that tragedy as you Do. When he was asked if he knew where Jennifer Doulos was, he said, quote, no. If I did, I would tell them. Hmm. Wow. Yeah, it's such a, it's such a shame that they've never been able to find her body. Very sad. Up next, we are headed to Summit County, Utah.


We've got an update on the case of Cory Richens. You might remember she is the mom who wrote a children's book about grief after her husband died in March three years ago. But then she was arrested for his murder and charged with nine felonies, including aggravated murder and multiple counts of forgery and fraud. Veronica, remind us of some more of the details of this case. Yeah, so prosecutors say that Richens allegedly poisoned her husband Eric by putting a lethal dose of Fentanyl in his drink in 2022. According to prosecutors, Corey was in financial hot water over some real estate deals and had taken out life insurance policies on Eric and she pleaded not guilty.


In the past, Veronica, we played some exclusive recordings that Richens sent us from jail. We played them on the podcast. Here's a quick clip of one of them. I'm anxious to get trial and I'm ready to get this one heck of a fight. So what is the latest in the case? The trial was supposed to start this spring, but the judge allowed a delay so that the Utah Supreme Court could consider whether the trial should be moved to a different county. Last week they declined to hear the case. So at a hearing on Friday, Richard's finally got a new trial date. It's now scheduled to begin on February 23rd and is expected to last five weeks and Richards will be back in court on August 1st for a hearing on trial preparations.


Okay, we'll keep you posted. Another high profile trial, Lori Vallow debell. Quick update with her. There has been a verdict in the latest trial in Arizona. She was accused of conspiring to kill her niece's former husband, Brandon Boudreaux. So what did the jury decide? Alright, The clerk will read and record the verdict. Leave a jury. Do find a defendant, Lori debell guilty, And this is her second conviction for murder conspiracy. In less than two months in April, a jury found her guilty of conspiring to kill her husband, Charles Vallow. In 2019, she Will be sentenced for both of her convictions at the same time, even though they were separate trials.


Yes. So Lori will be sentenced for this conviction as well as the April conviction on July 25th, and both carry the possibility of a life sentence. All right, Veronica, thank you so much for all this great information. Thank you. We have all seen tariffs making headlines in recent months, and it can be confusing at times to know if the things we are buying are affected. And that's the perfect opportunity for scammers. According to my next guest, NBC News chief investigative consumer correspondent Vicki Wynn. She's back to tell us what to watch out for and how to avoid becoming the victim of these new tariff scams. Hey Vicki. Hey Andrea.


Yeah, so, okay, this is one I would not have thought of. I was very surprised. Scammers are nothing if not on trend, Andrea, right? So tariffs in the headlines, major buzzword. And so what these scammers have done is after you place an order for something that you want online, suddenly they'll follow up and say, Hey, we've got your item, but there's a delay because of additional tariffs that need to be paid. So if you wanna get your item and have it be released and sent to you, we're gonna need you to send some more money, you may fall for that because you want this item. And so that's why the Better Business Bureau has put out an alert to say, beware of the retailers with whom you're shopping online.


And if anyone tries to ask you for money after the fact, that's a major red flag. So you, Vicki reached out to the Better Business Bureau. What did they tell you? As far as what we all can do? They wanna go back to shopping with reputable retailers and really watching out for something called a sponsored ad. You're gonna see a lot of these popping up, especially on social media, and it'll say, oh, check out this new company, this product, it looks really great. Some of those are definitely legitimate new small businesses, but others are absolutely purchased and run by scammers. And so anytime you're gonna spend money with a retailer you haven't heard of, I just want you to take the name of that business and put it into an internet search along with the word scam or along with the word review and just see what are other buyers saying?


Have any complaints come up? Also, look carefully at the website itself. Are there misspellings? If anything looks suspicious on that site or the price is too good to be true, that's typically a red flag. And Vicki, so you found out that there's another kind of tariff scam. The scammers are promising tariff relief. What's that? This Is wild. And it's the opposite. Instead of saying, Hey, you need to pay us for tariffs that are due, the scammers are saying, Hey, the government owes you money for tariffs. We're giving you some relief to offset the extra cost of these tariffs. No run. Hear me loud and clear when I say the government is not paying you one single cent for tariffs.


So just if anyone is contacting you, and usually this comes in the form of some message that you did not ask for in your email as a text on your phone. And they say, click here to get your tariff relief payment. And really what that link is taking you to is a phishing website. They're going to try to get your name, your payment information, bank account information, even your address to send you a check in the mail. The big picture here, if anyone is offering you any sort of tariff relief, runaway. And Vicki, if you are one of the unfortunate ones who's fallen victim to one of these tariff scams, what can you do? Make sure if you already made a purchase that you call your credit card company or your bank right away, report it as fraud.


If it's very serious and you've lost a lot of money, you can report it to your local police department as well as the FTC, the Federal Trade Commission and the FBI. And that just helps them to keep track of trends and online crimes that are happening so they can put warnings out to the rest of us. Once in a while, they are able to help people recover their money. But you know, an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure as they say. Vicki, this is such good information as always, thank you for joining us. Thank you. That's it for this episode of Dateline True Crime Weekly. Don't forget to take a listen to our coverage of the Sean Combs trial. Every day after court, I'll be chatting with NBC news correspondent Chloe Malos about what she's seen, the witnesses, the evidence, and what it all means.


And Josh has a new season of his award-winning podcast series, Dateline Missing in America. Episodes one and two are out now, wherever you get your podcasts. So listen closely. You could be the key to solving a mystery to get ad free listening. For all of our podcasts, subscribe to Dateline Premium. And a reminder that Dateline is on tonight, Thursday, you can watch my in-depth coverage of the Karen Reed trial. Ladies and gentlemen, there is no doubt what happened that night. This case should be over right now. Why is she even here? That center of the storm tonight at nine eight Central on NBC Dateline True Crime Weekly is produced by Frannie Kelly and Katie Ferguson. Our associate producers are Carson Cummins.


And Caroline Casey. Our senior producer is Liz Brown. Koff. Veronica Mika is our digital producer. Rick is our sound designer. Original music by Jesse McGinty. Bryson Barnes is head of audio production. Paul Ryan is executive producer and Liz Cole is senior executive producer of Dateline. Anything else? Anyone? All right. Thanks very much. See you soon.


Fridays just got competitive. Join High five Casino happy hour on Friday from five to 9:00 PM Eastern time and go head to head in the ultimate slot showdown. Play a curated lineup of exhilarating games from your favorite provider. The best titles, one event, big bragging rights, climb the leaderboard and compete for up to 10,000. SC Think you've got what it takes to be high fives bets. Log in during happy hour and spin your way to the top. High five casino.com. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law. Must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.