
Hey, Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right this episode.


This episode, a million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by JACKPOCKET. America's number one lottery app. JACKPOCKET lets you order lottery tickets like Powerball Mega Millions, right on your smartphone. So you just whip your phone out right there. Powerball Mega Millions right in the palm of your hand. Download JACKPOCKET. New customers get first power or mega million tickets for free. So if this your first time using JackPocket, whip your phone out right now. What you got to lose? Hmm? Your first ticket is free. All you gotta do is use code GILLIE. That's code GILLIE only on JACKPOCKET Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska. 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2. Non withdrawable credit Prize amount may differ at time of drawing terms. JackPocket dot com slash toss slash free dash ticket dash promo slash


Yeah. Now I'm tuned into yes, million dollars Mworthofgame. And I'm gonna tell you from the beginning, Life is Beautiful. My Life is Beautiful man. You know, I wake up in the morning and it feel, you know, I don't know, I just wind up at a dealership or wherever I want to go. I might be at a five star restaurant, five o'clock I open A restaurant, nigga Life is just beautiful. I'm just being straight up. But in order for life to be beautiful, don't look at the end game. You gotta look at the story. Not just my glory. You can't just look at people because a person to say heavy, I change in a mansion. This dude eating out of a a platinum spoon and how he doing this eating, he eating golden fruity pebbles height. It wasn't always like this.


Yeah, go go to do the research. He had to put the work in. I wasn't always you looking at he did a beat for who? Alright. It wasn't always like that. I was trying to get in the game himself. You looking at Larry, I, Larry was running around slinging CDs out the car to Trump. You looking at, I remember he had story. That's another game I ain come from. Right? What I'm saying. So now He's flipped the quit too. All the way to fuck Up. But I'm saying that to say this, we live in a time now where everybody want it like this. Everything is like this. Everything is like this microwaveable. Everything is microwaveable. It was like that ain't how life happened.


So when you know, you hear these brothers say Life is Beautiful. It's very beautiful based off the work they put in. We talking about years, we talking about decades, we talking about everything you ain't see, you know what I mean? Everything wasn't all pieces and cream, you know what I mean? Even with me, I had to grind. You gotta grind, you gotta get up and grind. So, you know, they able to put this project project together and they mean it. A lot of titles, sometimes you hear titles, it don't really be like, you know, people be wishing the title could be true. Yeah. But it is it different when it's really true. When you really moving around now I need to know how did the phone call go when y'all said we gonna just do it because it had to be a phone call. Y'all just like, yo man And who made the phone call To start this whole thing?


So me and James was already working. We had a few records and he got in with Al and when they started cooking, Al called me and was like, come on, we gotta put a put together a little five piece. I'm like, let's run it. And we, it went from there. He got the cooking and you know, he cooked quick. So he got to sending me that fast and we got it going like that. Yeah. And I, I'm, I'm a fan of Larry too. Like Likewise We was probably five songs in before we even met in person. You know what I'm saying? They just, they was just meshing like that, you know what I'm saying? Like I think it's the, the player like undertone that we both kind of got as far as like, you know what I'm saying? Just being in our own space, being very down to earth, being calm, being you know, the, the charisma and a couple other things I think we share, you know what I'm saying as far as DNA to make this project so cohesive and then, you know, I never really done a pro, I've never done a project where it's been led by one producer.


So that's something I always wanted to do and I also wanted to do it away from the norm for me. Which would be trap, well for other people. For me I really enjoy rapping but I have made my career off, you know, a couple hit records and stuff. But this was something that I just thought was perfect timing for me. It's my first project that I've done independently. I mean these guys was like, we putting this out. Yeah We coming out the hit in 30 days, they was on some, we putting this out next month was like shit. You know what I'm saying? And just, and just, you know, move with so much freedom and you know what I'm saying? It just very liberating to work, work with both of these guys And you know, I'm been a fan of aisle so I think everything just kind of fell in place.


Was the silent competition there. Like, 'cause both of you are some rappers I remember, You know, you know that bring the best outta motherfuckers. You know, I come from a group to where I'm like, I'm about to go in and talk to s it was the silent competition. It wasn't out loud, but it was like, I gotta talk to, I think nigga I'm about to send two two Chainz this record, I gotta talk. That was it was it a little solid competition going on For me personally? I don't, I don't, I don't think I came outta the competition. I came at it like I wanted to make a statement for the people who would listen to it. Yeah. I think I was for some way, for some reason I was like, this gonna be a unique experience for a normal two fan.


I just need to like show I was on, I was kind of on that more than like You was talking Too and you were talking. Yeah, I think I was on some like, let me, let me just like, we call it lifestyle rap, you know what I'm saying? And if you think about it, like, you know, I can go the metaphor route, I can say something is as big as whatever, but lifestyle rap is, you know, I got a pretty cool life too. You know what I mean? And so it was just about, and that's something that Larry, he embodies that lifestyle route. Whether he talking about jogging, the drinking orange juice, you know what I mean? And so people know and it's, it is ironic we got some similar thing. I got a guard my dog I got, I got, I don't know who running outta eggs. I got plenty of eggs.


Y'all Got Chickens. You know what I'm saying? I'm just like niggas, It is just how we nigga shit, I, I got a hundred acres at home Because I got cow. Yeah, y'all Outta y'all running outta eggs. I'm sorry to hear that Run outta, Ain't no bird flu. But I think that's what meshed us, you know what I'm saying together 'cause it was like, let me talk about my portfolio. Yeah, for sure. Let talk about my real estate properties. Lemme talk about my LLC, lemme talk about my passive income. Let me talk about my VC or whatever, you know what I mean? So Let me talk about putting a gun in my wife name. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


My, my homie got a case. I told him, I said man, I don't, you know, we'll talk later. Yeah. You know, I from from a different club. Yeah. We'll talk later. But yeah. Next question. Like Al Al you work, you work with so many greats, it's crazy, but I see you and Larry always getting crazy, right? And y'all got something special 'cause y'all just don't like, like what? You just always just sending you just wake up. Let me send Larry 10 beats because I'm saying like, y'all got so many, y'all got so much, so much work, man body of work is crazy. Y'all could do anthology right now. Yeah, just put a tape out. I mean, you know, it's a blessing to have his ear, you know what I mean?


Like, you know, I made beat so the rapper's my best friend, you know what I mean? You find someone that meshes with your style. It's like you want to stay close to that, you know what I mean? And you know, it, it didn't matter that I had been in the game a long time and Larry was like kind of knew to me. I, I tune in like I could hear when something is special. But What made you take a liking to Larry? I don't know what it was. Maybe it was even just the tone I was saying earlier, like, you know on some like vocal tone like you know Is like the Barry fucking white a rep, you Know, I did a lot with His Tone. Sometimes it's like just a register and there was something about his tone and that laid back style that he was on. He was be late, I'm not gonna lie.


Like once I got hit, you know Jay worthy, I mean friend of ours Put me on jail and Jay worthy, He put me on and it was like, it took a minute. But once I dug into Larry's catalog I was like, yo, this dude is crazy. And I had to go back and just get the knowledge on all the tapes because he had, he was already maybe five years in his run already once I caught on and it was like, and I see other people. One thing about Larry, he's like the truest word of mouth artist I've ever seen. Like everybody I know who likes Larry will be like, yo, this my friend of mine, Jeff, he, he, yo he put me on to Larry. They come up and tell him all the time. Everybody who loves him is like got put on by one of their friends who was adamant, you gotta go listen to Larry. You know what I'm saying?


So I mean it's crazy that once we connected it was like I saw that we had a bag in the lane we could work and you know, after great escape, you know, we locked in. But then bringing two CHAINZ in, that just shook. That was crazy I think because yeah, but nobody Thought that was coming. Not just not nobody thought it was coming. It shows awareness of CHAINZ. Like his awareness that he on point him being an artist in the game alleging the game. It's like that was so thorough for me because when Larry told me that Larry, I said what? I said we gotta do that. 'cause first we was supposed to go to the, you know what I mean, ESCO balls or the strip club down in Atlanta I was trying to get to there, you know what I mean? Whatever we gonna do that gonna still make it happen. You see what I'm saying? Whatever. Mad about that. Look at it. That Key.


Him checking one ofs. No, I was trying to go down ball plate, Get a plate balls. All I ain say yes it is. So the whole thing is like, it was personal to me, right? Because Larry, me and Larry got a brotherhood and I, one of them dudes who's always on the ground telling dudes LARRY JUNE, LARRY JUNE, they'd be like, nah. I say LARRY JUNE is a listen bro. What I love about Larry's not just the music, it's the business infrastructure. And I try to tell dudes, go study Larry. So you can realize the the, the business of music, all that other stuff you talking about. He's independent. He got more than your favorite rapper. Favorite rapper.


You a big artist that got a that don't own nothing. He do 30 shows and he do, he'll do double nights in like Atlanta.


This episode of me and Os Mworthofgame is bought to you by Stash. Invest s saving and investing can feel impossible. But with Stash is not just reality, it's easy. Stash isn't just an investing app, it's a registered investment advisor that combines automated investing with dependable financial strategies to help you reach your goal faster. They'll provide you with personalized advice to, they'll provide you with personalized advice on what to invest in based on your goals or if you went or if you want to just sit back and watch your money go to work, you can opt out into award-winning expert managed portfolio that picks stocks for you. Dash has helped millions of Americans reach their goals and starts at just $3 per month. Don't let savings sit around, make it work harder for you. Go to get.st.com/dollars. That's get dot.com/dollars to see how you can receive $25 towards your first stock purchase and view important disclosures. That's get do stash.com/dollars. Not a representative of all clients and not a guarantee. Investment advisory services offered by Stash investment, LLC and C registered investment advisor investing involves risk offer is subject to T's and C's.


When he, on his 30, 30, 30 show tour dates, he, he'd double up. He going from city to city, then he going overseas, then he coming back and he giving you multiple projects in recording at the kitchen table in his crib while the, while the while the juicer is running. But He'll tell, he'd tell You I've Been there. Just like he was saying earlier, you know the way up he told me like, man, it wasn't always like that. He used to open small shows like he told me the way up was he built that up that by the time we tapped in it was like this man got, he sells tickets. A lot of these guys got big number tickets. It is hard to sell hard tickets. But Larry was selling hard tickets and this is what I love and that's why the chain joint was so important and it was so thorough to chain to say we gotta partner up. 'cause I know that the chain wake people up because we know about Larry but there's so many people that know love about Larry and that's good though.


Yeah, bless because I'm sitting here and I'm saying to myself, this dude's selling hard tickets. He running around the country dude, he doubling shows up in places like Atlanta and LARRY JUNE got a seven to $8,000 studio set up in his kitchen. It's about to work. Yeah, it is about to work because I think in our culture now we normalize what you doing? I'm just going to the stew. When I came home from jail, I told Gil, I said, yo man, what the fuck is going on in the studio? He said party. He said, why just be in the studio? I being the hang that nigga put a song out. What the fuck This the new thing being in the studio that Escaping the block. Yeah. I didn't know that. It's like, you know, so before you went, you know they had gyms for y'all was probably boxing gyms in the ladder.


We had running shoot, which was a hoop. We got 24 hour hoop stuff. I'm talking about literally at four 30 after you get through winning or losing on the dice, you could be like, man, let's go, let's go hoop. So now when everybody has a studio, that's why it's like a rest. Hey everybody go there to hang out. Some people go there to deal, you know what I'm saying? The how business. Yeah. Hand business. Some people go there to, you know, for, for a long time. For me, my original studio was more of a trap. I mean it had the studio equipment but I was not using it every day until I went on tour with Wayne. And then I kinda, I just watched everything on. It was basically on how to be successful, right? It's like, it's like I saw bro go from stage to like eat to the studio to like the next day like I go to sleep, I wake up like 10, he'll still be rapping.


And I, and I, and I ain't had like, I was comfortable but I ain't had nothing like that. So I, I said when I get back to the a I'm gonna, I'm gonna go cold Turkey on the bags, I'm gonna stop hustling and I'm gonna use my studio for like for what it's for for what it's worth. This what, what. You know what I mean? And I, you know, my trap was like a lot of the guys, they would stop like when it started getting dark nine or 10, everybody was shut down. So I was just started going to rap. That's how I end up rapping all night. Now I just, I wait till everybody leave, then I go up there and it just paid off. I haven't stopped since then. This's probably been like oh 8, 0 9 since I really saw the blueprint on oh you got to do this basically like every day like this a job but you don't actually clock in or clock out.


But like if you rap and do music this your, it is your job to do this. And what a lot of don't understand is a lot of rappers were way harder than a they got a nine to five. Yeah sure. Yeah. That's crazy. That's What don't understand. Yeah like everybody know I had my ins and outs with cash money but the one thing I always say is work they some hustling work know how to hustle. Then you be like okay, they might not be the smart S in the world but they put some smart around them and they hustle. Learn the game.


Imp. That's how you learn the game. Hustle is impeccable. I'm talking about baby and slim. You could tell they learned that as they was going along. Yeah You feel But the hustle coke wake up, get to the studio at one Q there all day. Go to the club, leave that at three 30, you right back in the studio. You leave that at seven, you waking up up at 1230. You right back in the studio at one go day man You know how they say 10,000 hours that real a hundred thousand hours And that shit real and it weeds out people who ain't I think 'cause you could still do it without rapping every day. Trust me. But I think it makes it harder for certain people to get in once they realize the amount of work that has to go into this.


You know what I'm saying? But even when you not rapping, you still hustling you on the road for sure. You doing shows, you doing this, you doing that. Then when you get a chance to rap, you gotta go in there. You gotta, so you, they don't understand the type of toll that take on your body. Absolutely Paying on and off planes, on and off tour buses. You gotta land. Go straight to a video shoot at the video shoot you gotta go to the studio. You and there man it is just a bunch of different that don't really understand. They just think that going to the studio and rapping make you a star. Nigga that's not even 15% of that. You gotta be outside.


You feel what I'm saying? You gotta be outside. You gotta be moving around. You gotta know how to talk to people. It is a lot that come with the And the come up part. When you gotta go really go slang and go get your name out there and get Up that whole shit. You gotta be posting on social media every day when you trying to come up you gotta Say thank social. You know what I mean? Really head to hand. You gotta dedicate all your time. Like I should tell my girl like this is like a fireman's job. Like will they be in the house at 3:00 AM sleep you get the alarm. I might get a call to come to the lab at three in the morning or Something. Yeah, you Gotta up and A lot of my, a lot other times you gotta be and you don't even wanna be. That's the hardest part about that. Yeah you coulda just had a crazy argument with your wife.


Fuck you. Fuck you do. I'm outta here. Soon as you walk out, walk in the store two chain. Can I get a picture? Yeah, yeah. Hey what's happening? Get through. That's tricky right there. You what I mean. That's tricky. You be out eating dinner fucker walk up with the camera out and you eating dinner with your family. Oh God. You like man. Yeah. Nah all see I one upside your head with the joint when I was you gotta compo you like this just rude like then they got laws you can just film public. It don't matter what he doing. Where he at. He want you to film him so you could just walk up on the shut up. Yeah, shut up. You sock outta here.


You got get his 400 house. Yeah for real. So it is hard being one of these S but you know what's crazy though? CHAINZ said some rear and it's crazy. CHAINZ said I was a student of Wayne the whole time. I'm soaking up everything in a place. Where's though the rap game is real competitive in its egos and it's, I know everything. There's so many that came through in that time when you was studying and taking notes. Absolutely. That was here. That might have been on a bigger level than change at the time. But they knew it all. And a lot of people was not willing to be students because this game I learned about this game is about trading game.


Me and Larry trade all the time, he call me Wildo. Listen to this I call Larry you gotta get this product. It goes with your brand. He like right there. Yep. But the fact that he said I sat there, he humbled himself 'cause he could have been like, 'cause a lot of dudes be on like I'm hot than this. I'm next. They on me selling. Yeah you holler. You gonna be next Ima. He could have been on that For Sure. He said, oh no I'm playing. Let me go back here. That's hard to do because once you bubbling and now you going here to there, you getting your little money, you getting your sucked in different hotels and all these. You can't nobody tell you nothing. Your manager can't tell you nothing. Yeah but see the one thing about to say about James though come he James is a real hustler. Yeah that's different. So Hustle, it's different when you hustler you not, you not trying to compete with no you trying to eat with it.


It is a difference. I ain because you like I'm trying to get minds real hustlers is just trying to get theirs and a real hustler is not concerned about what another doing at all because he like, I just gotta get mines. He actually heavy before another eating. Yeah. So since I met change, the one thing I could say is he always been a hustler. You feel what I'm saying? So him sitting back and saying oh that's how you gotta do it. That's a hustler. No but I ain't gonna just say that.


This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by BODYARMOR Flash iv. It's time to reach for real hydration With BODYARMOR flash IV packed with electrolytes, zinc for added immune boost and no artificial sweeteners, flavors or dyes. Flash IV provides the hydration your body needs. Whether you're feeling under the weather, just had an intense workout or recovering from a long weekend. Potty armor flash IV helps bring you back. So you know I just had a party, a post parade party, Eagles party and I was a little down a little under the weather flash. IV boop got me right back the way I needed to be. You feel me? Get yours today at Walmart or local grocery stores near you. Get your BODYARMOR flash IV today at Walmart or local grocery stores near you. BODYARMOR Flash IV to best way to bounce back, get yours asap BODYARMOR.


Right. He got a little motivation 'cause two chain said I ain't trying to be on the chain game in Georgia too. Yeah. He said I gotta remix this. No ain ain't trying to get in that chain, but The whole time I'm going back go the studio. That's how you, the whole time he, I I made my, and then for me, everything I did early man, I, my wife know I did. I had my, I had a threesome in the seventh grade motherfucker. I wanted, I wanted do That. I want, he Had threesome in prison In The seventh grade I got, yeah I went, I went to juvie 10th, 10th grade possession of cocaine. He said I'm done. Then I got locked up again.


My senior in school for selling weed in school up my, my whole basketball damn thing going on. So at, by that time I had not already, you know how when you go to jail, I know you know you go to jail, you just, God you just, a lot of people go to jail and find and just really out for me. Please tell God I never, I got this guilt shit bro. Everybody, Hey man, you get me out this situation. 'cause see with me, I done messed up my whole basketball scholarship. I'm really locked, threw this away. So really I'm talking, I done threw my away. So really I'm like, God, if you just kinda so I, I've been found the Lord to say, you know what I'm saying? I've been found and I've been, and I been ain't 'cause a lot of the time back then I was really hustling.


'cause I was really, I'm, I'm the only child I was really, I'm really paying bills at home. I really been like the man of the house for a long time. And then when they say like, hustling is a choice, that's what I started thinking one hours, one foot in and one foot out. The rap thing, because I'm, I'm rapping. I got a song called Duff Bad boy that was, but like when I leave the house, I'm dropping a couple bags off and I'm coming back and picking up and at this time the bag is like 9,000 9, 9 600 for bags of weed. You know what I mean? So I'm, I'm front of the one and I'm a nigga gimme money for, I'm coming back home getting 19, 20,000 when some somebody's trying to pay me, you know, know a thousand. But I really ain't worried about it, you know what I mean? So I'm up the park with everything going on in the city, whether it's, you know, BMF or whatever.


I'm having my chain, I'm having my foreign whips and all that. But I said I'm playing too much. I'm not committed to this one thing. Which I said one day I told him when I went cold Turkey, I said one day my 16 gonna cost more than a brick and one day my 16 gonna cost more than than a than a bell of wheated. I told him, you know what I'm, I told, you know I said it. That's what ended up that was just, was like my motivation. Like, 'cause I had never, since I was a teenager, never not had made a jug or made a play or whatever. And you know, I GILLIE know I served all the hmm. You know what I'm saying? Like and that was my thing. That was a TV boy though. Put that record. Yeah. I didn't serve rappers that wasn James, but I never told him I rap. I remember the first time I told Wayne I rap like I'm in the car with her.


I like man, you know I be, I be kinda like, nah with the rap right, Shit like nah, but think about that. That was a long shot. Like think about the man who's giving you some trees outta nowhere. It's like, yo, I wrong. Yeah, you can't. And I'm so cool. He had a good vibe. Him Of course. Yeah. He, he he had a good vibe. You feel what I'm saying? It ain't just like, he was just coming. Of course he knew how to blend. He talk mix that point. He knew how to chop it up. All that shit is just quiet. They come. Yeah. Yeah. Alright man. Appreciate you. Yeah. He knew you mess with people that you like.


I don't know. I don't know how God do it, but he line people 'cause I, I was cool with GILLIE when he was around Tilter on Tilter. Yeah. That was, that's that's crazy. You know, it was, it was cool with, with with guys and it was, it was a group of y'all. I, I remember honestly this is so hard bro. I'm glad you here bro. I remember I was with y'all one day whenever they was shooting that video, that prison video. And y'all started like freestyling in like a cipher. Right. And that's when I said maybe I'm not a rapper. Rappers in the world. I Ain ain ain't I Ain ain ain't Wet do that in the Atlanta. Yeah. Like we ain't never just be like, you know what I'm saying?


Right here, just come on one. Yeah. I swear y'all, I think we was on the bus get off the bus stop and I was trying to get my, get my head that I'm finna get in there. Know I'm about to. I said man, get the rest. I, but I remember, I remember, I remember that was one instance where I went back and say, oh no, I'm a rapper shot. I told my partner I shot, started busting. Busting in like how you a cipher had a cipher. You ever seen vodka before? Who? Vodka was Crazy. Yeah, from Philly. Philly got just everybody. And any block you find Somebody that's like, yeah. So that was, that was that. I remember, I do remember that going back home like man shut, I don't know. I mean I got these songs on this hard drive just broke out started.


That's crazy clash. Crazy story. Then now when y'all put this, this, this project together, how was it like the song structure? Like you'd be like man we got the beat. I'm gonna send it back to you Larry, you send it to me. How was that? How was the process of it Outside Of the five songs y'all already did? Already had up. Like when y'all realized we putting this project together, how was y'all doing the songs? It was like, I'm gonna start this joint off, send it to you. You started off s send It to me. Yeah, I start off some of 'em, he start off some of 'em. So it, it was kind of like equal thing. But he had more records than me. 'cause I was, I was working on my last album the same time I was doing this one. So it was kind of hard for me to do both at the same time. He started off a few of 'em and I did and it just kind of came together.


Then we, at the end we did a whole session together and we took out, did a couple in person and did this and that. You know what I mean? And just made it come together. I realize like, and I see this with you Larry, it's like getting never not recording. Nah. Like what is it about artists? Like, it seem like the ones that got the long just stay. It is like they record, they, they it is like you. Every time I you I'm calling you recording. Yeah, yeah. You got the studio in the hotel with you, you taking it overseas, you got it in the book back. Like how is it, like, how do you stay fresh and keep the, the the the just the fresh topics coming? Man, I just got on that like probably like six months ago, like recording 24 7. Usually I was doing like to three hours a day take my son to school.


Woo woo. But now I'm kind of like, I'm thinking how he thinking This just the trap we need to be in here maybe all the time. So you never know when I'm in there now. But the idea is just off, you know, just the lifestyle we doing on a daily basis. You know, I might learn something about some architect or a bike or anything that I'm just on. I just, you know, get in there and talk about it. I don't really, I don't think too much about it. And that's why for me it wasn't a competition. It was just like, I'm gonna come, I'm gonna get on this song. I'm just go do me. He go do him gonna come together and the style go combine. You know what I mean? I Nigga you was like, you was putting a little extra Nah, because Off with him. So I had the vibe off him because usually I would've came off probably smoother on some songs.


Yeah. But he come off on a, on a whole different angle now I can't come on there. I come through. Yeah, I, I had to switch it up. So like he was putting me in different elements and, and I thank him for that 'cause it would put me in a different world where I had to like, alright, let me sit back in. How can I, I'm rapping backwards on colossal, you know what I'm saying? Because I'm hearing this like, Damn, I would've never came off like that. But I come off how he did it now I sent when to hit come off how I did. So it was like it was hand in hand. This shit worked real good. I'm man hella happy this project for sure To see the success. I wanna know. 'cause so many people is, is a low loss. Especially artists this days you got so many people telling people, oh go independent. Oh you don't need this. But then you see people like change who was able to, 'cause I believe it's all about negotiation.


Yeah. Yeah. That's me. I, you know what I mean? Yeah. So what is y'all outlook on independent and major? This is my first project in independent. And you know, over 10 years I've been with Def Jam or recently the, you know, my, my obligation with Def Jam had literally had probably my obligation with Def Jam. I originally only signed a four album deal. I had so much leverage. When I went to Def Jam, I signed a four album deal. No, 360. So I kind of, I had been done my four albums. So after that I started taking on this LeBron thing of I signed every album or for two albums, you know what I'm saying?


So I started like really thinking like Katie or LeBron would like, I'm not, I give you one more album. Then especially when the pandemic came, I was like, for sure. You know what I mean? I need this bag. Yeah. But you know, I built a lot of relationships along the way. Like even something like this one phone call, I could call either one of y'all and get this done. You know what I mean? Sure. And so I think it was, and then they're independent. Me looking at my peers that are because I'm, I'm very knowledgeable. Like


This episode of me and I was Mworthofgame is brought to you by DraftKings. Hey basketball fans, are you ready to win real money? Check out our pick six from DraftKings when it comes to basketball payouts Draft King pick six dunks on its rivals including prize picks. When you hit all your picks, you slam home higher minimum payouts on pick six than Flex please on prize picks. And best of all, you win even more cash if you poster to rise the competition. Track your picks from track your picks for a huge shot of cash prizes. They're all there. It is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. Don't settle for smaller payouts. Switch to pick six in cash in your basketball knowledge. New players get 50 and pick six credits instantly on just $5 entry. The fun of basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings app, pick six now and use Code GILLIE. You hear me? That's Cole GILLIE. For New customers to play $5 and get $50 to pick six credits, PETA payouts, bigger wings only with pick six from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Put it on word Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Connecticut must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer see terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Who with who too? I'm gonna be looking around and I'm saying like this, you know I went to a Broadway concert man it blew me away. You know what I'm saying? It just really blew me away that it just be about, like you said, the business, the infrastructure and you know what I mean? So I felt like independent wouldn't be bad for a person like me 'cause I've satisfied all my obligation. I'm not in the red or anything. And if I wanted to, I feel like I still could get a major deal. But you know what I'm saying? I'm in my forties man. I'm, I'm I'm, yeah. Life is Beautiful. Beautiful For real. You know I still want some money on though. Like somebody still need to come with something. Yeah. But if you don't come with nothing, I ain't tripping.


Yeah, you ain't tripping because I'm hard. Like I know I'm hard. So it's like man, I could do this. I could do this magic trick again. I did a hundred time chain my name. Boom. I come with this style. Boom. No I ain't say two CHAINZ on the last album period. It's not even boom. It's like boom. I'm the real bitch king. So who who, what's the new ton Tonio? Tony Tonio sound like the plug. Yeah man. It don't even sound like the I'm the plug. Yeah I am the plug There. There's there's good and bad size to, I ain didn't even catch that to the major man. Think some bad parts to being like the major versus indie thing because like, like we've all been in some major situation. At some point I have say about all of us and I feel like you benefit from the machinery got bigly wheel turns.


You benefit, you benefit. And the thing is, if you can make it through that cycle and still be alive and then get to the indie space, you, you won the race. But I'll tell you now, like from doing both, I would never mess with a major again because indie like, I don't even feel like I'm in the music industry. Yeah. Oh God. Like I don't do any of the stuff. Maybe we used do the radio promo pre, oh I sell vinyl. I got a direct to customer situation. I sell my merch, my physical, I don't waste no money cutting, no corners. We deal straight to the artist. We tour. I'm, it's, it's great now and then crazy. I'm like this is the best time ever and It's great for you and the world know You. Yeah Larry on the same Like what your track was already booming outstanding. You, you know What I'm saying?


I mean you ain't worry about shit. We was in the studio around what? Around Christmas or something. Boys was like, let's drop this next month. I said next month y'all ain't got Y ain't gotta Call nobody. No Boy Drop. What do you think we gonna drop? I'm like shit, I dropped a random song. We was in the studio. Just put that I Yeah I saw that. Fuck. It feels good to control your career that way. You know what I mean? That's a blessing to be able to do that. Like after all the years going through these companies and managements and people trying to like kind of like take your vision and like interpret it via a video or we, it is never exactly what you want. We do everything we want. We, this project, I could really say between us we picked the beats. We decided to sequence, we picked the records, we did it from A to Z on a group text.


And then of course Larry's team is Immaculate squad. Like so everybody, the forces came together in the end. But to make the record, we Cut all the shit. It wasn't a bunch of beats either. Like Al Al sent one beat but we say let go. We gotta do every BD saying, every BD saying it's like he knew. Yeah. I wouldn't even question it. Why for you al why is life beautiful? I mean look at the situation that we have, you know, like all of us being at this point in our careers and being able to be blessed to make art is, I used to do when I was 15. I'm, I'm 48, like I'm dead been doing the same shit for this many years. And then it, it's like when you got your head down and you just muscling through like in the line and you don't, you don't look, you don't look up.


You achieve a lot. And then when you finally look up you're like, Damn I a lot, let's go back down again. You know what I'm saying? Because I rarely even get to like, this may sound crazy, you know the realist, the mob dj. I probably heard it for the first time a couple years ago. Like actually heard it because you know when you make your own music, you, I've done that before And you'll hear your song one day, something you produce and be like, oh that was dope. Okay. I see why people like it. But I swear to God when you, when you're in it like that, because for me it comes in waves like creativity. So it's like if I'm like making some beats, I want make another, make another. I might spend a week 'cause I'm in a wave right now and I'm and then can feel it. We go on tour, we do a show, something happened with the family.


You come back, the wave is over. Yeah. But you can feel that wave though. I'm saying you, you can't go home when you're on that wave and you gotta stand. I done did that. I done done that a couple nights. 6, 6, 7 joint. I know you just be feeling it like boy I can't go No. And still be saying I could could got A couple more Bullshit. Yeah man. I know what you're saying. Yeah. I mean it's a lifestyle man, you know, blessing. It's just a lifestyle man. Like I said, this is it. Is it, it is not. It's a job but man, it, it's the best job in the world Can take this on tour if you still Get ideas. Oh yeah, we gotta go on tour. 'cause I feel like, I feel like us three can do something domestically and internationally for sure. Yes. Just because of the cult following that we each have. Right?


Yeah. Because it's gonna be somebody that's gonna be like, 'cause I've seen obviously they like who love Al is that hate boy's gonna be somebody that vice versa. So Yeah, exactly. By us cross pollinating our flavor, I feel like it's just going be a overpour and of just yeah, Y'all go up there for about two hours. He do him a set, he gotch set together The whole thing. So I do feel like it's a good money play too, but it's just good for the culture man. You know, like this, like I say it's a early contender for Album of the year. Like it is one of those things where I'm really like you, I don't listen to my stuff a lot, you know what I'm saying?


This album, I literally be listening to it all the time because I don't, I be going on to the next thing. I don't like to get stuck. But yeah, I, I'll hear a song I did 10 years ago and be on some shrooms and hear a song, a sound I ain't never heard before I be in the club. Like what? That's been there. So, but, but this album man, it got so much replay by I just play this, I play it every single day. Hold on man. Tell me about these shrooms man. 'cause 'cause I never took them and Sit ass don't need 'em. Tyson because he was like Tyson, No, brownie Jones, brown. Tyson get high. He had, he don't need no shoes. Take this Gil. He don't need Gil. Gil was scared to death.


You got a Michael, you can't take what Tyson? 'cause he on Michael though. He, he go, he go he go there. He old, he do everything. He told. Yeah. Lemme just tell you something. I remember that he, I was at, I was at a table, right table and we had went out to dinner with a rapper. My mama, he was 15 there. Right. And all was explaining what mushrooms do to you. Yeah. And none of them said the same. Hey, scared out again. Motherfucker talking about see it activate the side of your brain. Yeah. That ain't supposed to be open. So you like always happy. You can't be saying like, why would I want the other side of my brain open up? It is like you get a computer in front of your face and you see everything. I'm like, Nah, it's a sensory thing I think I'm saying.


And then they all said no, but we just microdose. And I'm like, you ate six snicker bars while you sitting microdose. Nah, I've been on strong for a while now and I just, But what it do make you Hallucinate? No, no. That's if you take a lot of Halluc. I Mean, no, I, I microdose and for me it's a sensory thing for me. I can't, I don't know. It just open, it does open up little portals though, whether it's, it's like lemon and smell, you know what I'm saying? Whether it's Mushroom open up the matrix in your biscuit. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. Change Man. I, I, I don't know.


I I I really do strong probably every Day. But that's why I can't take him. 'cause nobody can tell me what he do. S it it's, It's unexplainable experience. Ain't nobody Tell you nothing bad though. Ain't ain't nobody said nothing. I never seen nobody trip out and run into car and Shit. I'm saying if you take like Michael do, first of all the side effect that I, I used to have, but me and my wife used to take shrooms. The side effect. The next day would be, we would, our jaws would be heard from laughing so much. Like we laugh that much. We'll laugh that much the night before. We'll wake up and be like, bro, we, we had a good time. So that's what made, you know what I'm saying, like taking it with my old lady and stuff like that. Like that started being a vibe. You did what I'm saying and you just, you know what I'm saying?


So for, for the Michael Dose part, that's all the giggles. That's all the, that you normally do anyway. So it just amplified the man that's funny as it just, you know what I'm saying? It just, it just puts you down, man. It just, it really, it just really puts you down. That's my opinion. You know what I'm saying? I,


This episode of me and o Mworthofgame is brought to you by Rocket Money. The start of the new year is the perfect time to get organized, set goals and prioritize what matters most. For me, a top priority is my financial wellness, which feels more important than ever. Rocket Money is a personal financial app that helps you find and cancel unwanted subscriptions, monitor your spending and help lower your bills so you can grow your savings, see all the subscriptions in one place and know exactly where your money is going. For ones you don't want any more, Rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and have saved total of 500 million in cancel subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year using all the app premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Cool. To Rocket Money dot com slash dollars today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash dollars. Rocket Money dot com slash dollars. Rocket Money. The best way to cancel unwanted subscriptions.


Right? Did I take him on a Reggie? I did a microdose take. It's like, it's like if you say you microdose it's like, it's like you a junkie or something. He got the, Every Nigga I knew to takes shoes Got the t he got the T his own. He got his own. I popped in the studio and shit was Doing digits. So I was trying to explain, I was trying to explain, I was trying to explain to him I got a bar, I got, I got A bar in the room for you. So I was trying to explain to him that about the trs that when I redid the packaging I added an ingredient and important ingredient to the packaging and the ingredient was this got to have freak in it. Right because I had done took some of that and had meat guy.


Dang. You feel what I'm saying? So, oh I ain't, I didn't get that. Yeah, you take two, you take two or three of them, nigga put some little shit. You getting to being on some guy. Dang. You dig what I'm saying? He man, Tiny piece snip Real. Just like laying in the cut like man. So, and then I had experiences of like people were, were taking the trus and then they would send me a text and I would just screenshot it. I actually was gonna use it for like when I really put the bar out for like some type of marketing. 'cause my, my one hit me say man I done tired a bitch up with this boom shit. Shit. Another shit, another incident, another incident was a homegirl of mine who is like a homegirl of mine who is, is like a homegirl of mine.


Who is, lemme see how I can explain this. A homegirl of mine who is a, a lesbian. Like a, like a Yeah clear lesbian, you know what I'm saying? Like clear lesbian. She got a, she got a like a homeboy hanging out and he like, you know what I'm saying, he want the shroom so I give him some gummies but he telling me, I'm telling him like with the chocolates I gave him only take him on the weekends. Like that's really 'cause they really got some type right. I tell him he want a bag. Like yeah I want a bag. He ain't tell me. I ain give that nigga that chocolate man shit man. So told me home, tried her like got to the crib down near, took his off some light. What's happening man, you what we doing, you girl still like, you know what I'm saying?


So I was like, man, it too many instant, but this got people freaked doing some freak shit Going freak out through just for the weekend. Yeah. So I take, Just tied me up Saturday and Sunday, Man. So anyway, man, you know I got club, I be up, you know you did take, it was on the thing. You came in the room, you saw that you didn't want no more of that. I think Microdosing works man. I got you. I don't, so he just told on itself. I used to take What'd they do to you Started loose. I should take mushrooms.


Mushroom, yeah. Yeah, mushroom. So I grind them up and put 'em in a capsule and they so nasty. I just, I Say like this, I would never take 'em and be like in public that type of power something. He just started dancing. We used to call Him Just dancing. So yeah, It is different. Who started dancing? One of my homeboys, we was taking a picture like for my birthday, I had put him on the shroom and taking the picture, looked in the lens Type shit. And he so cool Shit turned me to Chris Brown.


Stop. But every night, bro, lemme Get one. I'm, I'm a pop one. I tell you what it, I make sure I at the cri, he probably got a true One. Lock you in the house, man. Probably do. I'm gonna lock you in the studio man. I don't want you At home. I'm not gonna be at the studio. Fuck dancing for no reason. Be like he dancing you FaceTime. You FaceTime tell first thing he gonna Do is put Room dancing From you know that nigga be in the bed and baby. Yeah. Tell him take like this baby. Tell him he like, ey beat the up. He must have got that shoe from Tony. I feel like weed more powerful than that. We weed. No, I can't even ain't even do nothing.


Even to even judge. Oh, I got some mule kick. This shit have put you down baby. You know what's crazy though? I gotta salute change. Larry. Tony, man. Yeah, Tony, what was the first one? Tonio, Tonio ton. Tonio Band. I got band and Larry because y'all make fatherhood so cool the way y'all be with y'all sons, man. I'll be like, look at this. They just vibing you always like, you know, you, you just, you, the time that y'all spend is is crazy. Yeah. You don't, you we never be there. Got a chance to really see that in real life. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? We seen it in the shows, but to see it in real life.


Yeah. How you got Hailey, you giving him games take to the play ball and all that. I'm cook him though. If I see, I cook young kids, you know what I mean? But like, just seeing it, like even just seeing you there on the podcast with I'm just kicking it with 'em, seeing them. I'm like, yeah, we never had, we never seen this growing up. Yeah. And, and it's so cool. It's so that's like so thorough and so cool to be putting out there to people. Like seeing you Larry taking your son to Tokyo and go all these places. Like, like we couldn't do that with his kids. Yeah. Yeah. That's Dope. Like we couldn't think about it. None of us could really like go around the world with our dad. Right. I mean, some of his only Trips we took was the Atlantic City. I'll go to the jail to see Man, I'm still, my daddy's dead and gone.


I'm still like, so Jordan came to Atlanta and you, you know, you didn't want to take me to the, you know, because I take my son to go see every city. Yeah. So I'm Really like, you know, I'm from, we had Dominique Wilkinson, but I'm really like, and Don was a motherfucker. I'm looking at clips like, you know, Jordan used to come here who ain't nobody thought about taking me to the game. You know what I'm saying? That's crazy. But for real, I don't know. It's, it's, I think fatherhood is fun. Me too. Like I, they done had real meetings about me posting my family. They done wipe my whole, I gotta wipe my whole, like my, like I done messed up my algorithm or something. Really, really Candy land messed up my algorithm, but, but I just got a beautiful family man.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. They smart. And I just be like wanting to show the growth. Especially like what with my, my son, you know what I'm saying? I think it just important to have that. Yeah. I mean, that's what mean the most to you. Yeah. You know, outta everything for real. You know what I mean? You gotta understand right. The ups and downs you and your wife been through, you know what I mean? That the, you know, you know, with, with, with being in a relationship for a long time, man, you go through a lot of shit, man, outta the ups and downs. A lot of disagreements, arguments, good times, bad times, you know, that's what make it so solid. Yeah. Is that through all of that, we still together, you know what I mean? So that's what you love the most at this point.


You know, when you are young, you don't really, you, you know, you in a relationship and all that, but you don't really appreciate it as much 'cause you in your glory. Yeah. You know what I mean? You run around shows every mother day you trying to get it, you chasing the bag, you, you know, you chasing the bag for them though. So you miss out on a lot of that. You, so now when you, you, you finally get the bag, you can relax, you get to take a breath. You understand what's most important. Yeah. For real. I see a lot of young guys though more in love than we were when we Were. Absolutely. You know, but they'll crash out too by it. Absolutely. But these, these young dudes, when they get a they girlfriend or Oh like don't be trying to DM them boys.


Look at you. I don't play with them folks. No, they, you know what I mean? The young, these young kids are really committed. Not kids but the younger like generation rapper. They committed to their relationship. It was like when we was younger, it wasn't the thing to be like, I got a girl. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But record labels tried to hide it. Like Yeah. They'd be like, no, don't say you got no girl 'cause we want all the girls on you. Like that made girls not like you. 'cause they, you gotta exactly like now it's like no say you in love. Matter of fact Say you in love with Her, she pop too. Hurry up In love. Like go over there and get her. Man. Take a picture. Come out the hotel in New York to get ready. Fashion week. I'm God come out please. We got TMZ out there right now. Here. Walk out right now. TMZ out there. Motherfucker label calling tz.


Act like you don't know they was out there yo doing. Yeah. Act like y'all Man. I'm so late to that man. I'm kind, when I'm listening, I'm listening to, I might be a little, I'm not naive but God Lee man I ain't gonna lie. I go out to, I'm in LA this is a few years ago and I see Jake Paul at the Lakers game. He said, brother, shit, go out here. I said Brother, let's go out to eat man. We go out to eat how these cameras jump out. I said man, how the hell they knew we was coming. You know how the hell they knew we was coming here. So I'm like, Damn, I be my moments just be


This episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by New Amsterdam Vodka Now life ain't going your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your wife cheating today. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. Oh the Eagles beat the commanders today. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka as the official vodka of bars through sports. His filtered five times. Oh it's distilled five times. It's filtered three times for a clean, crisp finish. You could drink it straight up, you could drink it on the rocks, juice soda. Or you can make a classic new Amsterdam mule. But when you out and about at your local liquor store, you know what you do? You get you some New Amsterdam Vodka. You hear me and you take it to the crib. Shout out to my wife. They be cocktailing it up at the house doing they thing. I call her the new Amsterdam queen. Do Do What's up baby? But shout out, shout out to New Amsterdam Vodka, the official vodka bars through sports and simply the best vodka on the market.


Right. You know, organic. But you can set up your moments, you know what I'm saying? You can pay For that. I, I even with, I ain know that the cheating that's been going on in music, that's what I like to call it. The Biden and cheating the stream and all that stuff there. You will be like, if you ain't a part of you will feel some kind of way. But I mean at the end of the day, man, I just know my, just what I what I'm doing is just very pure. Whether it's, you know, working on a number scale or not, I just know. No, I know. It's very pure. I don't have like, yeah somebody running a machine for me and all this stuff. Like I'm finding out that people been doing this like some of the people that I love and I'm just, I don't know. I guess I'll be in my own bubble Sometimes.


No, I'm gonna tell you some real, I'm in New York City, this is about 2021. So I knew this dude. Right. I met him through some folks shit. Like wow, you gonna be in New York? Yeah. I just had third. I see I'll be up there man. He digital marketer boy. Right. So I'm like, yeah, I come up there and kick it with you this damn Thursday because this whole thing was like, yo man, I wanna run some air. I want you to do some commercials for me. I said, all right man. He was talking a nice bag. Take me to, I'm in New York City City and I gonna say where? Take me to this building. So I go in this building when you open the door, it was like a warehouse field. You in a nty. No, no. Tell me about it wasn't that type. It ain't that type of meeting guns.


That would've been a Hollywood man. Chill. I ain't tell you. So I go in the building, right? We go open the door. He like, yeah, the warehouse, we going in the warehouse, right bro. Yes, yes. No, no bro, bro. It had to be a hundred thousand phones in there Man. Oh a farm. What They going say it Was a hundred thousand phones in there. He like, yeah, that's my market is underground. I'm like, oh listen man, I gotta go man. I don't know what they coming. I don't know if the people what, because I never seen them like this. I never seen In New York. I never listen in New York, I never seen them like this. Right. What they on Now? It was like, listen bro, it was like a hundred thousand phones man. And I'm like, because I was trying to wonder.


They was no kidding. No, No. I'm trying. No I'm no Androids. Nah, they, they gotta have that. They like all Androids though. But I'm like, what the fuck are the Androids for? Like I don't know what they, what programmers I just seen on all screens. I said oh this hot I gotta get up out of the people coming. You see what I'm saying? No. 'cause it seemed, it was like I never seen like this in my life. And and If you got down 2021 it was going on before then. 2021 bro. It was going on before then. And here we Are. Imagine what they doing now. Each phone. Each phone. Different account. So it's different. Register got people Don repeat and all. Don't repeat All. I'm like, I'm outta here so I'm But you know what I you, you know what Im like I didn't believe it at first.


Right. Even though I've seen it, but I'm looking at it as like oh he doing that for little dudes. I didn't know he was doing it for big people too. Because now you it the pay for play it expo. It is exposing a lot of artists now. Damn show. Because you see how strongly not you see from show heart it because you could put the fluff on it on the YouTube. You people putting fluff, you put a lot of fluff on the numbers. The Instagram, it was a lot of fluff. So now you seeing that people really ain't had no real fan bases. Yeah. Mm. You gotta pay the piper at some point you gotta show, that's when it happens because you know your numbers. Say tell the promoter, look I got 10 zillion followers and views. Cool. They book No monthly listeners don't, don't add the hard ticket sales.


No They, you can get booked, you can fool a promoter. But then when it showtime that's just gonna be 20% packed. But I'm talking about see you, you said something very important. Promoter and hard tickets is two different things. Oh yeah. But see the Artists could get booked. Yeah You can get boo. You book a Boo and that's when the pen get pulled down. When they do the show it's like oh you don't really have fans. It is a, it is a, it is a room with 10,000 cell phones. No a hundred thousand. Look, it wasn't no 10. But what I'm saying is like so now I never thought you could buy and ain ain't knocking. Nobody that bought, I ain ain't knocking nobody either. You gotta do your thing. I wouldn't My, I think if I just think this going on since 2021. As soon as I say Man you know what, let me try this game. They going to bust that house.


You know what I'm saying? Change all project got anything bro. I just, you know how it is man. Didn't come to the trap too late. But I just think, I just think nothing beats nothing beats when a artist super serve and over deliver to their fans consistently. Yeah because one thing about this out here and now if you're not super serving your fan base and taking care of your fan base and having a relationship with your fan base, they're gonna move. I'm talking about like they're definitely gonna budge because it's like the attention span is so short. You know what I mean? And I know especially if you ain't got a different, I remember I talking to my niece one time and she was like 13 at the time. So she get in the car every time she get in the car she play artist.


I said play with, oh no he cold. I don't listen to that no more. I'm like, you just was in the car two weeks ago. Manay A lot of options So be be, but not just that it's, and this was so hard for artists, it's a Unloyal fan base out there that only love right now. That's why it looks so good when you go to the persons show and you see that they're fan bases. I go to Larry show they boy had a gallon orange juice and they drinking orange juice. I'm like, Yeah, no he got a real and they Buying Merch but he turn the faucet on and been running it for seven years. You gotta turn that you don't stop. Don't you can't stop. Once you do, they'll take a weaker version of you 'cause they're out there. 'cause they'll be like, you ain't showing up. We'll take the carbon copy that's coming through and doing more work.


Yeah because it's not about who's better. It's about who works for Thank you everybody Talented and I, I think fans are, you know, excuse me for they not, but coming from a hustler background, they remind me of what a j or like a fiend, right? They want the good product. They're not really loyal to you. So once you stop hustling your product, they'll get it from your friend Purple bag, green bag From somebody else. Right. So it's not like you, you got a loyal fan base. Once you a hustle like them folks man, them folks used to call all text us all at once and we just all run to the same. So it's just like fans are the same. They like good product and they like it consistently.


So they will rock with you. But they don't mind switching to another drug that they, you know, are addicted to. Or another artist that they can become addicted to. And, and I believe it sound audiences, I went to a West side gun show one time, right? Sony Music Hall. Right. And I'm just watching from the stage and I'm like, damn there's a whole audience of people that was abandoned 'cause no music was coming out. That's to their liking and speaking like, like when you think about, when you think about, if you think about Wu-Tang, you think about this. This is what we gotta understand in the rap culture, Our fans is still alive. I don't care if you was putting music out in the early two thousands or whenever our fans, the fan base is still alive.


'cause when I'm sitting there I'm like, Hold up, I'm looking in the crowd. I'm like, you got dudes in here. That's plumbers, police officers, teachers, professors older because I'm, because after the show West Side doing the meet and greet team, I'm dapping people up taking no, I work at the school I'm and I'm like, and I'm just like, yo, people really be out here abandoning fans that's looking for a certain sound. That's why I say it's sound audiences. It's not just about oh you young. No, you got people that's tapped into certain sounds. Sure, yeah. That's real. And you be like, be like even with Monk, I'm, I'm in the car Withm who say gimme the, he started playing. I'm like, yo, what the no, my dad used to listen to man. So it's deep and you don't know. And it ain't, and then it all all about age.


It's a sound audience and I think people don't know how to say this is my sound. I'm staying in this pocket. My fan base is is gonna be there and it's going to build Y'all be stubborn. Yeah. Gotta be stubborn and dedicate to what you're doing. Not be like jumping out the boat every time a new style comes 'cause you'll get washed up. It's like fashion. But you could try on different things but so comes out you're like, I can't rock that. That's just too crazy for me. You know what I'm saying? And you gotta decide what your fashion fit for you. Because I had to update over the years. Like my style is like the same but I've definitely updated. You're still using the same equipment Pretty much from back in the day. For sure. Yeah. 2,500 used to a SR now I'm on N pc but it's like, yo, I still do my same style but I'll, I'll allow, I listen to all the new, I'm not a keep it real hip hop boomba.


I like everything. I me too. I, I Don't, so I let it all influence me. 'cause I don't ever want to be the old guy that's like, I don't like that. And I also don't want to be the old guy that's like, oh this is fire. And you like he's bugging. He don't, he's just trying to fit in. He don't even like to bullshit. I got some stuff I like some I don't, but I'm not on that. Nah, I listen to, I have to listen to everything. Especially all the hot new young guys. Yeah. A lot of 'em either coming to the club, coming to Candyland or their music is playing in there. And so I just had one of my guys and it was actually my homeboy Bangladesh. Who? Who? Producer. Yeah, the producer. The producer. Bang. He was in Candyland with me and every two songs he black.


Now who is this? Did I, did I see him on YouTube? He'd be like, this is right here. I mean I swear he probably done it about four times and be okay, okay, okay. Now who is this? I'd be like, boom. But I remember, you know, not being that disconnected but I, I mean so much music comes out so fast and then sometimes they may kind of feel like they sound the same a little bit or the tone of a artist or something. So you might think it's this person, it's nah this is this person. So. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. But I think it's cool to be cognitive of the music that's coming out. I like what you said about having your own own sound audience. I've never really ever looked at It like this.


Yes it is bro. It's people that I ain looked at it. It's people that like certain production like like he have a sound audience. He Do for sure ain ain't never Thinking about it. He have a sound audience. It's like your catalog of music. It's a sound audience. Because what happened is it's like okay, if you go right now a Aerosmith concert, there's a sound audience from a certain type of music, from a certain era just for a certain sound. Even if a young person come and emulate that sound right now is an audience that love that type of music that's going to, that's going to deep, that's going to navigate to that. So Let me ask you this. If you think so, based on sound audience, right? If I have a sound audience, will it go wherever I take it Or do I have to stay in what they know as the No You don't.


I don't think you have to stay in the sound because it's always, it always like new stuff. It's always up to upgrade. You can always remodel. You can always renovate without down. There's a way I could jump out the window But it just like artists too though. You go wherever's hot. But the problem is If a artist ain't popping in Dubuque, Iowa, I'm not stopping in Dubuque, Iowa. True. You feel what I'm saying? Oh hold we, we can see where I'm popping at. Okay, so when we lining this tour, okay I'm in markets, I'm in Toronto, I'm in New York, I'm in Philly, I'm in dc I'm in Virginia. Not really bumping to North Carolina like that. Okay we going to Atlanta. Okay we going to Miami. We, that's how you set the tours up.


Same music based on where you popping at based on what? So if you like I don't really pop out in Vegas like that for some reason. Yeah. Why we putting me on the tour out there? You feel what I'm saying? We going to go where we accept it, where we want it, where the money is at, where the revenue. And we do that with the music too. And also you right where I can make sure that he getting all his money back. Because listen, let Me tell you for because guess what he going do Book me again that's important and book me again. You gotta think about this. How many times has say promoting them book you over seven, eight years over. Over And and one thing I learned, this is one thing artists gotta understand, especially your established one like y'all, we live in a town where it's though old is new.


If I never heard it before, it's new to me. Let me just show you something. All your look at that, take that across shit. Look at who he beat in Philly. That's Philly top. No look at the top song. Oh That's crazy. Look at he beat in Philly. That's the number one song in Philly right now on Apple. Wow. Oh Because of Gil. But think about that. Look at what song he Beat. Oh that whole Kendrick just performed at the Super Bowl. He beat, He's brand new now. A bunch of young kids. He being say that re rerock it. I wanted to ask you why the hell you played with, I didn't want that. I want to ask you that. Like what the hell does this have to do with Felix? It don't but it's just feel like it's just the feeling of it.


The feeling of That Song Blow the Whistle was like a sports song. Yeah. Pull the Whip. That was you know, Shit. Nah, nah. Gotta think about that though. Good job. I swear I wanted, that's the other thing I wanted. What the hell does this man keep? Fuck yes. Eagles gold Golden Whistle. But what I'm saying is we gotta stop looking at me like see this, this is what it is about your authenticity to you production being a producer. Yeah like a orchestrate. I call producers orchestrator 'cause you get in there and you tell dictate the traffic but you gotta understand this ow they believe in you and you're not going to, you're not going to go too far out pocket 'cause that's not who you are. You're not chasing the moment.


I could have ended that. You're you, you after a legacy, you, you're not going to do no dumb shit because your whole thing is like, this is, this is, this has been good to me. I love shit. You're not gonna bandage your sound. So when I say you gotta sound audience, it is like, and you understand people, people kids are growing up off your sound in the house right now. And if they dad playing your vinyl, so they're gonna go to college and they gonna be hip, they're gonna be in into. So you want be here for a minute. I just wonder how far I could push it because sometimes I'd be like, damn, sometimes as an artist you feel like I know what I could do and I've been doing it good. It's been 10 plus years of projects. Freddy Gibbs album, bode James album Rock, Marcy, this album. And I'm like, am I doing the same over and over as an artist? You always gonna feel that way at some point.


'cause I want to be able to push the boundaries still so you never get too stale. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like you don't but I, I feel like that's a challenge I put on in front of me every time. 'cause I'm like I want to last but I don't want to, like you said, I don't wanna go too far and jump out a window. I'll never do that because I really love, like I think of discography a lot. Like I want my to look when you look back and have no gaps. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like I used to sample the stylistics and it'd be like, oh I first discovered them 72, 73. Oh all these samples was crazy. Then they disappeared for like four years, 78 and pop back up and it was produced by Hugo and Luigi and it was disco and it was like the sound had changed and it was whack. And I always thought about that like what happened in them four years. Yeah. Like I don't want to have no gaps like that.


That's why every year I try to be a doggy. Like You know, I just think and I think it's is what's name when I seen something I seen so it happen when I came home. Right. And I don't think a lot of people seen it. And I was telling dudes like Damn I talked to a lot of artists on the side and I'd be like, yo, do this or try to make this move. I seen when I came home that these artists was grabbing the producer metro in 21 and and and it in and doing projects. So like you say, go ahead and say, might say yeah this change, let's do a ep, let's tuck in or what's thing or somebody we least expect let's do a ep. 'cause you might look at they shit and say no this is the direction here go the sound.


Because like when I always look at it, me and Gil, I used see Gil in the studio. We in the joint be doing our thing. The the the producer really produced. They had a vision of what was going on. They made the songs and they said here it is. This is how the movie look. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? And it is like, you know what I mean? Because the, what's the name, you know if CHAINZ going, when he going into the booth, he now Denzel you Scorsese 'cause you playing like, and it gotta be a communication that goes on and it gotta be just like go. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? Because sometimes you might go and get somebody to hold direction or if you and CHAINZ gonna do, I be like, we gonna do so we gonna go grab so and so and we gonna, or and Larry we gonna grab so and so and this is the direction.


So I just think you already, you already in in a hall and you gonna continue to go up. But you gotta study Quincy Jones. Look all the different places he went. Yeah Sure. I wanna be versatile. I don't want to get stuck what saying but look, I got, this was a big step working with with with with Banton. Yeah. Banton because me And me and Larry, you know what we do, we've already got a good rapport where we like, you know, great escape was a big step for me 'cause that album, that was probably my best rollout campaign I've ever done in my career. Like I was really excited about that project. Yeah, me too. So once even just like, this is a big step 'cause they say like a southern artist maybe doesn't work with a producer like me sometimes or even lock in on the whole project. You know, like he got something cooking with static.


They've been working for a while on, on, you know what I'm saying? So like these are all opportunities that I'm, I feel blessed to have. You know what I'm saying? Like this album, I knew when we were cooking it, I was hitting them like, yo, we got something special. 'cause we were gonna just do a ep. At first it was like let's do a five pack. But then they was coming together so crazy that it was like, you know, we have to, you know what I mean? So I'm just glad we got, I I think as long as you stand like loyal to your sound too, you can go up and go do some, you gotta always come back to your class and like the what they came for and what they love. Absolutely. You know what I mean? Like you can go switch it up, have fun. It's like, it's like a sport. Hit this boom, boom, boom. But I'm coming back to the trap. I'm, I'm gonna service my trap. You know what I'm saying? With that classic sound, you gotta always be able to come back to that.


You know what I mean? Then go do all go do a rock song. Go hop on this as long as you come back and to this and like, oh yeah, he, oh they still doing that. Woo woo. Long as you, I think a lot of artists Love you for Yeah exactly. They really love you for you know what, I feel like a lot of artists like they forget about that and they go way over here and they, they can't come back. A lot Of artists, the label tell 'em what they need to do. Distract. You know what I mean? You gotta understand the label never had nothing to do with you blowing the fuck up. You created that music in your space on your time with your Exactly. And then when it's time for your second album, we think you should make an album a little bit more alike With a check in the hand. Here go here, go the jam Def jam never played like that.


That's a good thing. They they But a lot of but a lot of, Yeah they definitely gave me Full because a lot of ars, it'd be back in our day was ars. They wanted to take the responsibility for blowing the Up. Well some, some were. Some were, I mean that might be something that were missing because they used to be, you know, guys who truly had their pulse on the game and knew who was next as a producer and knew who writers were and could really like bro take an artist and put 'em Somewhere. I'm the king. Listen I'm the king, I'm the king of, I be so pissed off with these modern day a Andrs bro because this is the a r and I keep telling my, I'm gonna come in here, I'm gonna have my book bag, I'm gonna sit down, change here, go these producers.


I got these samples clear. I got these four video directors right here, here go to merch right here. This is how your website gonna look. These are the spots we gonna do. You should this how your stage gonna look for your performance. Now these, if they come in here, I don't know if it's if they a rapper or if they a and r because they more focused on building their personal profile up. Like we in a up stage. No, no change. We in a fucked up stage now 'cause everybody supposed to be executive and doing this and doing that. They're trying to be the A brand. Yeah. Everybody wanna be popular on the grand. Don't nobody wanna be put the work in. Know what I mean? You ain't Lying. Don't nobody wanna be popular in work. That's Right. You know what I'm saying? You know who used to have big power back in the days could push your album back.


Even used to be the radio guy, radio man head of radio used to have the power to push your back. Remember that Like yeah. He could literally tell the boss to the label, I ain't got it. And they'll come and tell you yo, we gotta push your back. You need to do one more record. You didn't know it was the radio man. Yeah because they really depended on that guy so much. And I'm, I can honestly say I dollar, I'll spend a dollar on radio now. I don't waste no money. Like I remember sitting with Steve Rifkin recently talking to him and telling him like change man because they used to spend millions radio, you know he used to do the free show for the DJ in every city and all of this just to, you know what I'm saying? Because it was a lot of gate keeping and he got a line on. Yeah he spent some, some money on radio.


They happy as he got a line on the album. He said I don't gate keep, I want everybody to eat. You know what I'm saying? And that's the thing we was talking about. But you know what's crazy much of that? Well they say certain parts that fell in this game. I, and and I see this with all three of y'all. I don't think people emphasize enough on their mother team and their personal infrastructure. The labels of the distributor could only do too much. Right. But when you got that real live infrastructure of people, of your, you know what I mean, like your own your own team, that's a different joint. I mean both of them. Both of them. You, you know what's crazy about this? CHAINZ and Larry walked in here, right Ton Antonio, you know what that sound like.


He could be a re around too. Say Tony. Tony for short. Tony Tony my fault Tony and Tony right. They did something right that I don't see 95% of the new artists do and this that be pissing me off. 'cause for in my, in my mind for some reason and GILLIE always say that I be thinking I'm like somebody invisible manager or or they partner in in the company. You act like a manager for sure because I be snapping. Right. So they came in here right And this pissed me the off because I'm gonna see 50 other dudes not do it. Both of them had cameramen. Both of 'em got their own studio. Like they had cameramen. They understand the, and I'm seeing people that supposed to be the timer now and they're not spending no money and these not cameramen, it's just random.


These that they have that they top on the payroll. Like this is my team. Like I think we, I think the investment of that investment in the engineer, the cameraman and everybody need that. That partner. Somebody that might be your partner in the company that you got or the or your man they got, you gotta have that voice that's gonna tell you, nah Tony, I don't like that. Yep. And you're like, But nobody is building team because like I can see they jury but they got time in before the Jews. A studio calls. I'm gonna just be straight up when you building, hell know how it is if you ain't got the money. A studio calls 7,000 a MacBook Pro get cheaper than that Mac. I'm just saying a MacBook Pro for 3000, a MacBook Pro Apollo called 700 a good mic costs 700 some earphones little the speakers, what's that 4,000 you Off to the races To the 4,000.


What the cameraman calls you got? What's his name? I'm just use him an example. I was with Ye one time his cameraman was shooting him on an iPhone like this Just need dedication bro. Dedicated. That's It. And when your team is solid, they move as one organism around you. It is like you really one person now it just one dude with the mechanisms around them like handling it. That's how both, they both move. I seen, you know what I'm saying, from Firsthand experience and it's, and it is crazy because at the end of the day it's like I'm looking at this and I'm like these dudes, these dudes in the game got, I'm talking about they got all this time in the game but with all this time in the game, they still got people that they listen to that they value their opinion.


Yeah. If if, if Tech tell Tony something, if David Ali or Drew High tell Larry something, they gonna be like alright bet they receptive to it. But that come from years of trust and years of building a team and any, you might see Tech and Tony now. But I bet, I bet he took some Ls that they learned some lessons from. I bet Drew High and Dave and Larry took some Ls that they learn from. So you know it's all about the team man. They have people like the album is Out, Album is out album Life is Beautiful and it's beautiful. Make sure y'all go get that go. What's my favorite one? What? I don't be knowing the name.


Graduate Generation. Generation. Generation. Generation. Bad choices man. LCLC. Choices. I like Ion I've Been, yeah that was the one. Oh yeah I've been in Ion But I only, I only, I only listen to it three times. That's A good amount of time. No, so, but you know, you know after you like a song, you like a song, you like a song. Then the next song come on after you be like this song popping too. Then they be smoking the next song. Come on. You know real. So as boy you start liking that up, listening to songs. This you start listening to more. That's how I was with Big X album. You know what I listen. Nah, his album's good just like that too. I swear I that's that's a good way to put it. Yeah. You know what I Mean. I was in the actual, in a, I was in a dr I had a driver in Vegas going back to the room or whatever, but his, the whole weekend he was playing X and X had been in the club and everything, you know what I'm saying?


Yeah. But I had a, you know shout out to him too. Like he got a, he had a vibe too, but it Right Uhuh plug. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah sure. Yeah. Yeah. He from Texas right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He hard. But I think this is another project that's super cohesive 'cause you got this one producer man. It's just, it's just no skills And then we just, you know, we giving away some game on there and I think that's what, that's what the game was. Missing some game. You know what I'm saying? We ain't over teaching. We ain't know We ain't, it's simplistic. It's digestible. It's some game in there. It's Digestible real quick. Yes it is. And if you don't know what time it is, go check your Apple Watch baby. Yeah. Know what I mean? But like, so y'all doing this so I know it's gotta be a part too.


Or Paul, I know this gonna keep going. It gotta be. Yeah. We ain't gonna stop working. Nah, it's, it was too easy. It was too organic. Like it just came together too easy. We gonna keep this shit going. And we got some, you know we got some shit I'm talking about. Yeah, We got some stuff. I want to thank all you brothers for y contributions to the culture of hip hop. Yeah. Everything possible man. Just, just just keep going and it's like I'm realizing in this game that shit ain't over to the casket drop. Yeah. And you gotta, because you can listen, your audience ain't gonna let you, they ain't gonna let you just go and tuck. So you gotta rock this shit out to it's over. One hit away man. Everybody One hit away. Two minutes. Two minutes. It's beautiful. A minute and a half. Yeah. Ain't that long away from your life change.


Your Life is Beautiful. I've seen it so many times. It's just how you handle it, how you handle going up. 'cause on the way down some people will be like, hey wait, wait man I got you. Don't go down yet. Then you got some people then look at you. Yeah, yeah. Nigga To kiss. Nigga You gave what you used. Yeah. So you gave what to kiss? I've seen the journey. So it's, it is cool 'cause you right for, for a minute and a half that shit man that shit changed. It's a minute and a half. My mama. Where your mama live? You Live everything? Yep. And you just said so of the parts important and I'm gonna leave it with this straight from Atlanta. Rest in peace to my, my big homie Clay. Clay said he called me one day, he said Wallo His birthday today. I think. What?


That's crazy. You said that damn happy birthday man you a ma. You, you, you tune. I didn't even know that you tuned in Man. So listen happy Birthday Clay. I'm gonna say this Clay called me one day 'cause the last time I was, I believe we was together. We was in the, what's that joint in Polka? Polka dots and Polka and Houston, Texas. The restaurant Papa do's Papa shit, he polka dots and we ain't tripping and all that shit. That Was the strip club you was there. Well I don't know Clay said Wildo. He said always remember this. He said the game about hot Luke warm and cold. When you're hot you might see somebody you gotta go. He said find a couple people that's Luke warm. Throw some, throw some heat on them.


I mean find a couple people that's cold, throw some heat on them and go back to doing what you're doing. Yeah because you might be look warm or cold one day. Yeah. And out of, that's why I say a couple few. It ain't gonna be everybody but one or two is gonna help you out. Yeah, don't never forget that. So shout out to Clay man like you said and look down a rest in peace to him. A good brother. If you don't know him, shout out to his son running around with Travis doing his thing. I just seen him this week and the Super Bowl but man, rest in peace to Clay man. And I appreciate y'all. Life is Beautiful 'cause we all here, We all we here and it's just like that. Right? Yeah. Numbers. That's crazy.