
Hey Million dollars worth. Of game listeners You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right


This episode of Million Dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by JackPocket to presenting sponsor of million dollars. mworthofgame Feeling. lucky. We'll get ready to try your Luck. Whip JackPocket America's number one lottery app with JackPocket. You can order Powerball and Mega million tickets right on your phone. They even have official state lottery games every day. There are millions up for grabs right here on your phone. You just whip out your phone, whip it right there. Lottery is in your hand, whip it. It is right there in your hand. This is JackPocket. This is not number two. It's not number three. It's number one. So. New. customers can get a free lottery ticket by using Code. GILLIE. whip it out right now. Whip out JACKPOCKET right now. Oh, whip it. Throw GILLIE in there. Get your free lottery ticket. Might turn in thousands. Might turn into a hundred thousand. Might. turn into a hundred dollars. Might. turn into some M and mss. You don't know, but you know you get a free ticket when you can whip out that that phone. Download that app. JackPocket and What. you gotta do. Oh, whip it. Throw. GI up in there. GILLIE, get your free ticket. All right. That's Cole GILLIE for a free Powerball or Mega Millions ticket. And, all I'm saying is if you win break, break Bread with a player, you know what I mean. you know what I mean? That free ticket got me the Mega Millions. We GILLIE. Nah, I'm just playing. But make sure you do that. Download. Use Cole GILLIE, get your free ticket. Don't wait. Download JackPocket now for your chance to win. Big. Yes sir. Me Odds mworthofgame. Right Gambling problem. call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2 Non withdrawable credit. Prize amount may differ at time of drawing terms. JackPocket dot com slash toss slash free dash ticket dash promo slash


It's one if is going down. Yes. Wallow knock on party. The biggest show on Earth. You never seen nothing like this. I'm talking about unbelievable fights. I'm talking about the It's so funny. It's so real. It's so everything I'm talking about the fights people going to be getting knocked through, the rings knocked out. I'm talking about you gonna be seeing all types of fights from people that you never expect to see fight before. This is the biggest show on Earth. Yes. While Chase gonna knock up parties. Listen. Going Down at the Chase Center. Chase Center. You see what happened last time Chase Still house in Delaware. You see what happened last time. You see How it was sold out? We ain't worrying about that. If you can't get there, it is going to be on pay-per-view. Perview pay-per-view. Pay-per-view. Pay-per-view. pay-per-view. Last time we did 29,000 pay-per-view. This time we trying to do 70,000 pay per views.


We Gonna do a hundred thousand. Hundred thousand. It's going down. That's right. Listen, Gillian Wallow knockout party. You never seen a party like this. You've never seen a show like this. You've never seen a boxing match like this. What you wanna do is get your tickets, don't play no games. Get your tickets. Gillian Wallow Knockout Party December 20th, chase Field House, Wilmington, Delaware. It is going down. It's going to be big on the 19th. We'll be doing a weigh in. You gonna see the craziest fight from some of the wildest people. Yes. I'm talking about the action is action facts. Yes. I'm talking about what you never seen before. Yes. The greatest show on Earth. Gillian Wallow knockout party. It's going down. Either you could be there or you could watch at home. It don't matter as long as you're tuned in. Yeah, I'm telling you you're not going to regret this. We got my guy larges coming back. He's gonna be on the mics with me and Gil. We're gonna be how we got Rome coming back to get the after the fight action.


It is going down You. Don't wanna miss this Gillian Wallo knock knockout party. The biggest show on earth. December 20th. Let's go be there. Yeah. Now I'm tuned into Min Yes. Million dollars. mworthofgame. Yes. Listen. man y'all see who we got on here, right? Who we got? You tell us who we got full batch? No, we got my nephew on here, Nico. Man. Healing from Dallas, Texas. Man, it's going down. That's my nephew. I ain't even know that was Neff right there. Right. Y'all ain't even know that was my nephew now you know. So Nico. Yeah. So that's, we used call him Lil Nick. Nick, Nick. That's who Man. Take it in the house man. You doing on the streets man. Go ahead, yo. I mean go get, go get Jones. Go 40 man.


Go man. Stop playing. Go get, go get that can of beer out there. you know what I mean? He was, you know he was just young running around and see, y'all don't really know I'm the first one that introduced you to the game. Yeah, he was in the, he was in the room listening to my records. Yeah. I was playing all them records. He was like, man what's that unc, that's Marvin Gaye right there. What's that? That's Luther right there. Yeah. What's that? That's LL Cool J. What's that? You know that's KG rapping polo. I was giving him the game. That's Ice t. Yeah. And he was like, this is back when he was Niko. Yeah. He was young. you know what I mean? Kneehigh to a butterfly. Yeah. And I was giving him the game. Yeah. Laying the ism on him And he now y'all got what y'all got? He Ain't even come back soccer to your, Nobody told y'all that story. Ain't nobody tell you that story. He ain't even come Back and bless. you Know what I mean? Yeah. They ain't even do that. you know what I mean? But you know, back in Dallas it was a different time.


you know what I mean? It was a different time back in the day. you know what I mean? Yeah. But you know it is what it is. And now he here, he doing his thing. Thank You Jada coming out and it's going to be, it's looking crazy man. I don't know if they ready for it. Is they Ready? I don't think they is. Why they, why you don't think they is? Because I just think I'm coming different from just my style, my flow. Just the way I look at the game, the way I look at just music period. I don't think they ready. Look when, when you, when you first came right? And you did the video that everybody seen with the match you had D Drizzy. Yeah. Shout out the D Drizzy jumped on there. Same on Billboard. 100 bang. Hey hold on, hold on. You can't just, I, I gotta, 'cause a lot of people been telling me I've been too humble. Pop It talk popcorn records, Pop it top 10 Billboard my second song ever.


you know what I'm saying? Like that was when I was 20 years old. I just turned 21 and like we here and we coming like we come and It's hard to even get on top a hundred. That's hard. God is, God is good, God is good, God is great. You know. So Now when we, when they was Giving out 200 for them S too though, that too We giving out a just was. Yeah. Yeah. Ain't nothing wrong. And this ain't nothing wrong with that man. you know what I wrong with it. Somebody game the game. Don't game the game to pocket like a rocket. N what's up? Hit it off. Don't play no games. Right to it. What you need, you need your nails done. It funny. What about your head Girl? Boy, take that right there. you know what I mean? You ran it off. But at the end of the day it's like this man, you here, you came out.


You, you came outta nowhere. You know that, that video, it was just you, you, you know what's crazy? I always tell a lot of artists now today and when I share videos, when 'em, some of the most populist videos is the most simplest. Where Donate the long budget, the 15, the 20 locations, the cars, the, the mansions, And all it just be like, be because you, you created a video where it grabbed us but we didn't expect to hear what we hear. And it's Like, I always tell people the song supersede everything because jury don't stream. No cars don't stream, no flexing don't stream good music deal. Mm, absolutely. And when you came across, like who, who, who came up with the idea for that video?


I got too myself on the horn. But I also, you know, you know I was talking to a lot of people about it, you know, well shout out my marketer, you know, Malik, he was just helping me with the idea. But I think that idea really explains who I am as a person. You know, growing up in the hood, everybody is taught to do this in a certain type of way. So me, I just, I just feel like I'm different and that's why I came like that. So. Alright, now I understand. One thing I always like to do, I always like to a lot of artists, when you see 'em and you see artists successful, it'd always be an infrastructure. It'd always be team. And sometime the team look a highlight. And I see you got blue on your team. Shout out to you Blue, shout out to brother, shout out blue. you know what I'm saying? Because you know, one, one thing I'm gonna say before I get the you blue, 'cause music executive have been doing this thing in the game for years.


For those that don't know him, we, but a lot of people just know your brother AI kind. It was crazy when the video first came up, I was actually locked up and I'm like, this made a song about being locked up. But I make a song about being locked up and I'm locked up. That's some deep shit he said, and they won't let me out. I'm like, this stole my song Because I was actually locked up and they wouldn't let me out. It stink. So I'm Like I said this nigga, when I see this man, I ain't see him. YI was gonna like, yo man, hey you stole my jaw man. Because I was actually actually locked. 'cause you lied. He lied 'cause he told my story 'cause I was locked up and they wouldn't let me out because I said, yo, can I get out? No, do do 15 more years. So it was like, hold up man. But you know, a lot of times you don't.


No. Straight up. I'm, I'm gonna see when I seen him, he owe me some he fucking idiot. Some royalty money. Man. I ain't get my money. But, but, but the thing is you said, man, I'm gonna go another route. You got in the game. You've been doing a lot. You, you behind the scene on a lot of different things that you wanna speak about. 'cause some people don't. It's My first podcast actually. Yeah. Well tell us something behind the things. Scene Things really. That's my first one. One, I wasn't gonna, you know, I kind of Like I like playing my position for the most part. But, you know, this is important. This is my man with me. So I gotta make sure I gotta be next to him for the most part, part. And I, our brother too. And I gotta say this, you know, I gotta give all the thanks to this brother right here. Like from the structure and from just, you know, artist development.


Him right here is just, he's the reason why, you know that I can, you know, obviously my talent and my ideas and this and this, but this man's a genius. Let, let me just say something. I want you to touch back on something you said and I need a lot of people to hear it out there. You said artist development. So artist development mean that you're listening to somebody that know what's going on. Absolutely. Is that Okay? You need it. And, and And how did, how did that come together? How did y'all build up what y'all got right now? Elaborate on that. I mean, I mean, first we was talking and you know, bro was telling me that, you know, you talented, you got this da da da. But to get here, you need this to get here.


You need Yes, yes. You need, you need to, you know, obviously I worked at the discipline, but you, you gotta have that, you know what I'm saying? To go there. So I mean, bro been, I've been, I've been listening to bro since what, seven, eight months? Yeah, nine Months. And I ain't gonna hold you. That's why I keep saying it's gonna get scary. 'cause if he genius and I'm learning from a genius, what do you think that's gonna make me like, that's why I say it's be scary. But let me ask you a question. And it's very important because I think a lot of artists need to hear this early on. How was you able to get that, that big song? Yep. Top 10, top 100 Billboard and your ears ain't cut you, you ain't close your ears.


You were still able to listen and take leadership Because that's what Somebody take. Because, because, because that's what people we can cuss on. Yeah. Do, Yeah. Okay. Because 'cause get, because 'cause you know what I'm saying? That's when you know I'm from, I'm from the hood, we from the streets. Like the one thing you going know is a dumb, you know what I'm saying? Like that's what we know. So crowd shot. Yeah. So, so you know, with me, I think the best part about me ain't my talent. It ain't 'cause I can sing. It ain't because Yeah. I'm just smarter than a lot of people. Mm. You know, I, I think more, you know what I'm saying? So, and he's old sold too though. Yeah. Like he's 20 years old, bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah. 21 now. You what? I'm saying happy Birthday so young. Eight days, nine days ago.


Yeah. So you don't make too many artists that like, to your point, while they actually, you know, the generation's different now. You know, when we came up, you know, you had a, whether it was a Puff, Quincy, LA Reid, you had a person that kind of, that was in that position and it was an understood thing where like, okay, LA for the most part has a vision and you know, and you gonna listen to what he's saying and it's gonna come together. Well, nowadays it's different. 'cause you can, all this can blow up so fast on they own where they feel Like, I could just go to YouTube, iTunes and put a song up. I don't need nobody to help me that, you know what I'm saying? But I said, listen bro, when I'm at home, I said, listen, you have the talent, you have all that shit that you going to need.


Strategy, relationships, money. Yeah. Timing. You need all these things to fully make it make sense. And I gotta give it to him. He listened to everything. He never one time questioned me. Even now he'd be like, what you think bro? All right, let's do it. you know what I mean? So Like I always tell all this there, that's, it's not a coincidence that Rihanna's where she's at, Drake, whoever it may be, they all have really solid teams, bro. You don't get to the, you don't, you don't get that big lucky and you can get a song and get lucky for sure. But like to have success multiple years lucky it's impossible.


Even y'all brothers like y'all, it took y'all to have to really put the work in at some point. Bring in people that can take y'all establishment to the next level. Y'all couldn't just do this independently and get this far. Mm No, It just don't work that way. you know what I mean? So most artists think that, think that it does. And unfortunately you find 'em, you find those artists having a record or two and not fully being able to have success in the long run. So See, the best thing a artist could do though is hire people and allow them to do they jobs. 1%. You know what I mean? A lot of artists Say that again, by the way, man. The best thing a artist can do is hire and let 'em do they job. That's Right. 'cause You don't know it. All Right? You like, let's be for real.


A lot of artists, like, that's just be for real. Y is not a rapping ing period. That's it. Like, you, like, You know what, hold on. You know what though? You know, you know what though? You, You never was no marketing. That's a Hard pill for artists to swallow super hard. And they mind, they think they can like, it's okay to just, it's okay that you can just do that. That's, that's perfect. But you gonna have someone that's going that's that's someone's better than you at something. You not, you not better than me, me. This, it's like this. If I came in the game, if, if, if, if, if Baton came in the game, right, right, right. And you got him. Right? Right. And you acknowledge right now that he no more than you.


Right? Right. Okay, cool. He helped you get to where you was at. Right? Okay, now you sell 10 million records. I'm talking about money dropping out the sky, man, I'm talking about now all of a sudden you feel like, well I kind of learned the business now. So I don't really need you. But guess what? When you was learning what you was learning, guess what he was doing? Learning you. He was learning more. So now he even know more than that little bit of knowledge that you A hundred percent. But now they get to a point where they like, I don't really want to be given that 15% up no more.


Well damn you was could've been given up 15% or nothing. A Dollar percent. Now you're giving up 15% of a lot. That's right. But you're not giving it up because that person worked for it. They help you get there. And that 15 gonna make you a hundred. Well, you trying to keep the 15 to make 30. It don't make sense. And another thing that's extremely important that I see


This episode, a million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by GAMETIME football season is here. And we can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of GAMETIME, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love GAMETIME now with their brand new GAMETIME picks feature. They're making it even easier to get to the game. GAMETIME picks, filters out fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. I was looking at tickets for the, for the, the Sixes game before I got my front row seats. You know, it took a little minute, but I was looking for tickets and I I jumped on GAMETIME and it, it cut out like a lot of the nonsense. It just took you right to the best prices, the best deals, the best seats for the best value. So GAMETIME is where it's at. Just pull up the chosen event. Turn on GT picks settings at the top of your screen. Or browse the best local GAMETIME pick deals near you on your GAMETIME at homepage. What Are. you Waiting for. I'm going to buy you those Eagle tickets this Sunday. Man. You can get 'em for your girlfriend man. That's what you tell 'em. Buy you the Eagle tickets this Sunday. Go on GAMETIME and see if you can get in there. you know what I mean? It's gonna get you right in with the best deals, the best tickets, the best picks for the best value. Download GAMETIME at right now. Use code dollars. You hear me? D-O-L-L-A-Z to easily score great deals with the new Gametime Picks. That's dollars spelled D-O-L-L-A-Z. What time is it? It's GAMETIME


Morning tobacco smoke increases the risk of lung cancer and heart disease even in non-smokers. This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by Swisher Sweets. Swisher Sweets knows you are all about the level up. And so are they with a family of brands that provide a smoke for any ses with Swisher. Sweets is more than a ses. It's a refresh. Ignite an icon with Swisher Sweets savor, hand selected pipe tobacco with BLK. Elevate your smoking experience with legend or kick back and enjoy America's broad leave aged for two years and leave. Whether you're gathering your crew for a sesh or having a smoke alone for a moment of reflection, refresh your SES with Swisher. Sweet.


Right? It's like y'all doing y'all thing right now. And if everything go the way you say where it is gonna get extremely scary, that's when it's gonna get extremely scary when the show that you build out the performance. 'cause when you have a team, a real team, they not just marketing, they done just utilizing their relationships that was in that, that, that that was built, inherited, built. When you still was in kindergarten. Hundred percent they not caught because they're not having somebody teach you. 'cause this is his thing that drive him crazy. Teaching you how to perform. That's what a lot of people don't know how to do.


They get on there, the beat just play. I mean the, the whole song play. They don't, they don't know how to perform. They don't look at the crap. That's a whole nother different part to teach you that build you all the way up. And then 36 months from now when you touring the world, And, all that stuff, you gonna have somebody when he not around or whoever ain't around, they gonna walk in your dressing room. Somebody be like, yo, you need to know him. Like who the fuck is this guy? And they make sure he gonna come around or these people gonna come around when he's not around or somebody and they gonna tell you some shit. You supposed to be here. That's right. You right. You're supposed to be, they gonna take a lot of dudes go for that. And now they trying to argue with him about 15%. And when he's the person that said, I only want 15%, but I'm risking all my finances And all my resources.


Well I should be getting 50. Hey Y'all, y'all incredible. But no, I should know this, this shit be going on should be I'm listening to. So that's cold. Listen. Soak it up. Soak it up. So listen, I should be getting, I'm like, where he finna go. Listen, watch this. Wait when you broke, By the way this is free game. What is this shit called? Million dollar. What? Yeah, this when you broke. When you broke. It's like this. When you broke this what somebody do when I see artists, they always talking about I'm this, I'm that. Michael was extraordinary. Rest in peace to the legend Quincy Jones. What a he needed. Quincy was, took him to the moon. Shouldn't nobody be able to walk in and tell you. I can tell you from here to there, what, where was you at when I was in my mom's basement?


You ain't believed to take me when this mother put a M in top. You know how many people, you know how many CEOs in America, especially coming from the ghetto, shout out to them. You know how many people coming from the ghetto that tried management, tried to hack, had record label and dump, took penitentiary chances, dumped millions of dollars in dues and lost And some of 'em didn't lose. They dumped the money in them. Listen, if you dump a million dollars in me, you, we should be locked in for life. A hundred percent. If you dump a million dollars in me, we should be locked in for life. Shouldn't No management companies, no agency. Should nobody be able to break us apart when you dump a million dollars for me when I'm sitting in my mom basement, when you take care of my baby mind.


'cause the key my back. Yeah, I got her By the way, m that you don't gotta pay back M that you ain't gotta pay back. Wow. That I'm taking a risk with. If it goes Back, I took that l you, you can go and become a doctor, a lawyer. That's what I'm saying, aint alone. It's not like, it's not like a if it all, if it all goes back, it just goes back. And I'm gonna say this to everybody out there that wanna be, that want to be these dudes that want to that see what Suge did that she, what Puff did that wanna be? Lare that wanna be all these great people that we had in the music industry on that time. Executing the music and making and blowing stuff up. Right? Master P, baby, CEOP, coach K, everybody that wanna be all these people. Make sure the paperwork, make the paperwork before you do anything, before you drop a dime.


I don't care. You know his baby mom, he from your neighborhood, the little cousin paperwork. Get that paperwork because I'm seeing too many good dudes invest a bunch of money in the dudes and there's no paperwork and then they disappear on 'em and Then they put 'em in a bad jam. Yeah, there's a lot of these dudes be street niggas, social media and they talk about 'em, right? So now you go tweet about somebody and now this man business is fucked up because you whatever the case may be, Y didn't work out. And to bro to to bro. Bro just said some of the realest shit in the world by the way because he just talked about my life and Like I know five seconds. I ain't Know somebody. 'cause that's the role that we play as a, as a, as a as a CEO. You do take penitentiary, we all come from where we came.


We ain't, yeah, we wasn't grow to fill silver spoon, right? So we all take these chances of, man, listen, if someone ever gave me a hundred thousand, yo boo, listen, I love what you're doing. I'm gonna give you a hundred thousand. Whether this work or not you good. How can I ever, you know how much loyalty I would have to that person? A hundred thousand. Here you go man. Whatever you wanna do. I believe in you. Even 50. We spend millions of dollars on artists every year. And whenever it doesn't work out for whatever reason, it's the CEO's fault every time. It's always, man, what you do wrong? Go to social media.


Hey man, this person, that's why I be hearing all these conversations about my masses. But what is your masters worth? If it ain't worth nothing, you wanna hold on to, you wanna have a hundred percent of nothing And somebody helped you, somebody helped you establish a masses. And I wanna shout out rest in peace to my brother, little bro from another mother, PB Rock. And I wanna say something 'cause I, one time I asked Rock, I said Rock. Like how did you, when did you know? he said, man ma, my man just believed in me man, let me live in this crib. I was homeless. He brought me to his crib. Shout out to my man Ma. I was his man partner, business partner. he said, man, ma just brought me to the crib. And I said, ma, what the fuck? What was you did you know? he said, man, I ain't know what I was doing. I just know he was hot. He could do something. And I, and I helped him, but he believed when nobody believed and he dumped his money into it.


Come on man. he said, I paid for this, I'll pay for this. We was just freestyling. He paid but a person to pay for. And it's like, and too many of these artists is is doing this shit. I don Don't like that. It Is. And there's too many artists want go around. Absolutely. And I'm seeing dudes jumping from camp to camp. They jumping from money man to money man to money's man to money man. That's right. And it's like, damn, where the paperwork at? That's right. And dudes going on good favor. 'cause dudes going off of something. I'm solid. But in this time, this time is not the solid that you grew up in. So people ain't solid with you saying here you go, let me throw this 30 in him. Let me make sure he travel. Let me make sure he get here. Let me make sure he got some chain on. Let me make, I'm gonna go to my jeweler, hit him up, let me get him some gear, hit him up, let me go to the, get the hotel, throw him the first class so he, he could look right when he come through this joints get some, get him some luggage.


I gotta do all this pay for studio time. Guess what? It may not work. It may not go. That's The part. Believe Like I still, I believe in you, but the chance of this shit working is very slim bros. All this every Day. But the worst part about it is that you got this guy right, who he made a way to find some type of hustle for himself. That's right. Right. And a lot of times all this dude want to do is legitimize his money. So we see a kid with talent and he like, man I like this man, you know what man, man I'm gonna go ahead and try to open the door for this kid. And then he spent a Lot of money, a lot of resources trying to open the door for a kid.


And then the kid turned around and backs stab him. And now this, this leaves this guy right here in the position because percent now he want to throw you in the Delaware River, but he actually a little older than you and he actually grew to have some real love for you. That's right. So now he in between the crossroad, he like, man I wanna knock the fucking seeds out his watermelon. But I actually like the kid. I know the kid mom. Now that Happened to me. It happened to like, it's still, I just thought about it. I just get a artist pay for studio time, making sure already got two, three advances. Where the fuck is my money from the advances you got me. I paid for that first studio time. I got a studio time on the credit of my name.


I ran you around the studio on my relationship. The first show you did ran Around the relationship. The first stage you got on because of me Where my Sitting, where the is my percentage. That money you got, you got two 50 from Tony Draper. He Ain't lying though. You got like two 50 from Tony Draper because I wasn't no rapper. So he ain't, I'll Put you on the man, I'll took you to the studio. Shit. Come on man. But no, on some real how have somebody, we gonna be straight up because it is artist, it's easy for somebody to come and take you somewhere else when that work has already been done. Absolutely. They don't count. It's shout out to the agencies and the man All. right. It's cool. I get y'all props. I ain't beating y'all up. But it's way easy to do that after I done done all the work. Has anybody they they came at you. They been coming at you. Absolutely. What? What'd they say? What? What's the type of conversation that they say?


What do they say? You know what's so funny? You know they, you know it is crazy how when people look at you and they really don't know you, they can project, try to project. You know what I'm saying? Where you going to go? How you gonna do certain things? But they say it all the time and it's just like with me, I grew up in a real loyalty neighborhood. So like if, if we coming like this and we like this, we locked in, we dug and we here. So I don't, it is go one year after the other. It is just, it's bigger than business to me. Alright, so since you've been in the game, fuck That man. You appreciate that head nigga you Out this shit.


I've been a bad God would've gave me that shit. I can't even talk My better than you. I ain't gonna lie. Look better than yours baby. You know what, you know what's so, you know what's so crazy? I be saying that you a dos nigga with curly hair. That's wild. You know what's so crazy curly hair? Actually I absolutely did not. he said I Hold on, stop playing. Look, look, people don't know this. Like I'm mixed with Japanese. Oh shit. God. So he got some of that goddamn my, my great grandma's name. No MACIs. God, But, but you know, you know when you go to Africa, our sisters here is curly like that.


Really? Our sisters, we got good hair. We come from like, it Iss crazy because a lot of people say that. Shut Up. Shut too. A lot of people say that lot because I had a lot of people say that. A lot of people always say, see back in the day, people say you mixed with something. And I'm like, no you wherever you mixed with something. Not we come from some extraordinary jeans. Yeah, for sure Black listen black folks, our stuff is not like my was my shit was wavy. I had curly hair, I had curly hair. I put activated in it. And my, when was this Back in the eighties I had, I had a J Talking about in peace to Steve because Steve, 'cause Steve had had that good shit.


Your big brother had that shit brother. You had that mood. Fuga just like me. Fuga. But no, at the end of the day, at the end of the day, how has the music game been treating you? How do you stay focused with creating music? you know what I mean and this 'cause there's so many distractions. It's like, it's like, you know, if you, if you a player in the, in the basketball league or you were a player in the NFL, it's so many distractions because you won DM away because, because all the chicks was in your DM trying to get nail money.


This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is bought to you by BODY ARMOR Sports Water, BODY ARMOR Sports Water. I mean matter of fact before we even get started 'cause I'm a little Parched Right now. There we go. Alkaline water provides real hydration with electrolytes for taste. Everybody around the studio, you know this is our studio house. So we got production team here. They always drinking it. The sports drink, the zero sugar and even the Flash iv. After a long weekend we can't get enough of the BODY ARMOR sports water though in my opinion it's the best water on the market. Get yours today at your local Walmart or a local grocery store. But when you out and about, make sure you pick you up some of this man BODY ARMOR Sports water. Some of the best water you can find and you can get it at your local Walmart or your local grocery store. BODY ARMOR Sports Water. Why would you drink anything else?


This episode a million dollars mworthofgame is bought to you by Duke CANNON. Maybe you've seen Duke CANNON products in Target or Walmart or your local hardware store. Let me introduce you. Duke CANNON mix a variety of men's grooming goods, big bricks of soap, thick body wash, beard care stuff, colognes and hair wash. They also donate money to veterans causes each year through the Duke Can and Veterans Fund. Simply put, they give a day and their products work hard and smell terrific. Most of the year I'm a sawtooth thick body wash guy. Then in the fall I like the buffalo tree soups. But during the holiday season, which is pretty much here, I put their big as lump of cold soup on my wishlist. It's a holiday classic like die hard shop now at duke CANNON dot com, Amazon Target or Walmart. They're everywhere. Like broken Glass go forth and save up to 20% on U Tide. Soap bundles and gift sets, their products, their packaging. You won't find better gifts for the man on your list this year. Duke Canon. Make sure you get your, your guys some. You hear me? Want 'em to smell good? Want it's beard to be fresh? Hmm. Duke CANNON. It's for us. The guys Duke Canon get us something.


Right. So you you got that. You got all this ads coming at you. How much ne money you Gave up this year? Shit I ain a couple, couple couple. I'd say like 10,000. Ron. That's Not bad though. That's Not bad. That's Not bad. That ain't bad. That's a lot of ass if you ain't just give it to you. Wasn't you was giving like thousand dollars Thousand he out here. You on that gladiator. That's Yeah you know what I Saying? Nothing. Nothing. Here. he like lightning. He max some Israelis out this two dog 200 for your s he gave up tip.


That's a lot. He got It. Not, not for one. I know for multiple. Alright so so how do you, how do you De live life But how do you stay focused and be creative with all the distractions? You get invited to parties right? All the chicks trying to hit you up. Right. You it is a lot of distractions you got in the game. We gonna be straight up. 'cause this is something that a lot of people don't talk about. Whatever you do n stay the fuck away from them. Drugs. I don't give a fuck with nobody that won't say it. 'cause everybody that that would annihilate you inaugurated most of our legends. Absolutely. So just be on point. So you got all these distractions. Just for the record. Just For the record though. Perp 30, that Gil Wonka just get That ain't drugs. Yeah. Fuck. Think would've made that illegal. I I said the drugs hard government made it illegal.


I'm just letting you know. So, so at the end of the day, back up off of that shit, how do you stay focused with All? right to hit the night man. How do you stay focused with all the distractions? N One I gotta give to this man right here. You know he tell me all the time, stay off of social media. You Up, they got nothing but t know that's one on one And then on top of that, you know what I'm saying? It is just numb. But negative. Negative comments, negative vibes, negative. How do you deal With when you hear something about you? Yeah, what I do is I remember where the fuck I came from. You know I'm a kid that lived in a church for four years, you know what I'm saying? We, we was in and outta the shelter, you know, so I had really, you know, humble beginnings, you know, sleeping on the floor.


So first it would be, gratitude would be the answer for that. You know, we went through two months to get here. That's right. And I hear a bad coming and now, now I'm feeling like nah, nah, nah this ain't that time. But how I feel though, being 2021, You know what's so crazy? Wait, hold On. You're 20 or 21? Yeah, go ahead. You're 20 or 21. 21. Yeah 21. And He's telling you man, stay off the ground man looking at the masters, man. Nah, but you know what, you know what it was GILLIE because you gotta understand like he blew up really quick. Yeah. Quick and, and this and this and this generation. When that happens people just automatically thinks it's, it's magic.


Yeah. Right. And to be honest, that's the reason why I didn't even stand next to 'em because didn didn't want them to assume that it was because of me, which is the dumbest shit in the world. Because how I can't, I'm not, if that was the case, I have a hundred artists. Right. You know what I'm saying? Right. That's not even possible. It has to do with his talent and it's God give, you know what I mean? It's god-given talent. But I guess what I'm trying to say is that it was so, it happened so fast and when you're 20 years old, at that time it was 20. Yeah. You making all this money and people are telling you that you are a ai. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That You not real. Yeah. That is. You an industry plant and you are like man this ain't what I was, he wasn't prepared for that.


Nah, for sure. Yeah. you know what I'm saying? Nah, for sure, for sure. I Don speak on that because I know that's, that's kind of why I was like, yo, no social media For real. Nah, but you know it me up. I'm gonna be honest. Yeah. When I first seen a, a industry plant come a AI comment me up. 'cause you know, for the first time, you know, I feel Like I wasn't accepted from no one. You know, I didn't feel like nobody believed in me. Nobody really cared about what I did and what I do. And for the first time I didn't care. I stood on what I wanted to do. You know, I told a couple people and they told me, don't do that. So I said nah, I'm gonna do it anyway. And I did it and it worked. And I get hate from that.


I get industry plan, I get this and this. These people don't know me from a can of paint. Do You think think it came from, what did did was was it coming more from regular people or people trying to make it? That's that's what you gotta understand because, because one thing I learned in our culture, this is the black culture. The black American culture, we always gotta, we always gotta a excuse and something to blame or someone to blame when we don't make it the like Right. We, we find we try to tear him down and point at other stuff. But instead of, instead of looking at America and say he kept going into work for him, absolutely. I gotta keep going. Let it work for me. They'll try to tear somebody else down. Absolutely. Man, he only, he ain't really hot or I've been doing that or this the third.


No, no, no, no Black. Absolutely. It's always an excuse for black failure in black America. It is never like my people don't know how to be able to say like, damn, well I guess I ain't do what I needed to do. A hundred percent. You, you, you, you didn't know Drake before he jumped on your shit. But Drake have a history of helping pull him up. Hundred percent. That's what he do. Damn. He pop, let me help him out. That's what shout out to Drake. 'cause he always done that. Yeah. Shout, you know what I mean. Shout out to Drake for sure. Shout out to him. He Always pulled dudes up when they, they they, when you least suspected jumped on it and amplified and help e you didn't know D Drizzy you was in Dallas, Texas ain't seen it was hot. Lemme jump on it. But let them tell it. Oh this was programmed right. Everything is program and AI now. No you just didn't put the work in.


You didn't make it. Period. That's it. You didn't make it and you're mad percent. That's it. Percent black folk gotta stop doing it every time we don't make it, we blame. Oh you won't even, you only made it because of this per you this, this ain't that. The illuminati this man every, no put the fuck in. Keep being consistent and your time is your time when your alarm clock come on and you wake up and your time. I can't force it. I can't say, well it is your time supposed to be mines Fuck Percent. And, and it don't matter that I've been doing it for five years and you just started it don't matter. And, and you gotta understand too, right? Oh God fact social media is a small percentage of the world brother. Yep. Yep. The Algorithm. A small percentage of the world. So at the end of the day, right, I sat here and seen Ra Meek Mill, I seen thrashing and then I seen him come out at the Wells Fargo center and I seen falling out the Raptors.


But if you go to social media, he done, It is over with Right. From that perspective. Right. He done, It is over with. Is it? But I just seen his performing in front of 20,000 in a whole building. Was sinking that word for word. So can buy into it. You gotta understand that a mother who said you was an industry plant, they may be a 17-year-old kid in Nova Scot, man who gives a fuck. Think about it. Right? And if you allow some on social media who don't know you, they, they, they should never affect what you got going on ever in your, the only people that should matter is the mother.


That's immediately around you and your family. That's right. I already showed you something too. Other than That, nobody else that's right. Means nothing. That's right. So, so look at this. You see this page, this is a page, I'm starting with a company I already started so I just got the domain name, And, all that. Right. I got the, I got the Instagram. Now when you go right here, you go right here to the, to the explore page. You notice you don't see none of that negative dumb in there. Mm. You don't see no negative dumb When you, when you set up a social media, you probably got your joint as a artist set up a plane, one with no discs disconnected from that phone with just another phone. And look how you won't see no negative dumb, no black hate, no, no. All consistent criticism and tearing. The black people You don't see none of that because I ain't connected and I ain't following nobody.


Mm. If you know is Gil said some deep one time, Gil said Look at this. You see, you see black love, happiness, food look, animals, jungle. You don't see no real negative. So what I'm saying is, Gil said something one time, he said, sometime when artists get on here be like you be looking at the wrong algorithm, you looking at the algorithm of a bunch of angry critical people that didn't make it sometime. Mm. And people that just because that's all they pushing. But if you change your algorithm, if you get a phone, a phone and just say, damn, I'm gonna just put this joint on here. My name's gonna be four B 1997. Right. Right. And don't, and just follow Dan, let me follow some sports teams.


Let me follow some cooks, some chefs around the world 'cause I like to see food. Let me follow some hotel branches. Let me follow animal pages. Your whole timeline, your whole explore page gonna be nothing but positive. Good energy. You ain't gonna see no negative. You ain't, you know how many people following that type of algorithm and not following the shit that we gotta follow as black people. 'cause we connected to certain rappers or a certain certain BBL chicks and like all that dumb straight up that shit though. Like, 'cause he said, he said bro, dude be looking at the wrong that comes your environment dudes be looking at. So, so you'll be a artist or something and some people will tear you down and then you look on there And, all you seeing is people tear you down because we, we listen, we, you know, we come from a place where everybody do what everybody do, but I ain't everybody.


And that's how you gotta be. You can't be everybody. So in our culture, a lot of times we just tag along or they said this about what's the name or he said, you know, now I see if you joking. So it's cool. Anybody could joke. But, but sometimes that shit be personal be coming from a a, a deep, a deep hated rooted place. Hundred percent. Because they, you could see it in the, in the, it'd be like, damn y'all that mad. Right. Because I made it. And then sometimes you gotta understand that these systems out here, they got bots, they got, they got people sitting in rooms that you could just pay to just go crazy on social. 20% Smear campaigns, Nigga 2000 disrespected all you ain't, you fell off your Bum. So now you like, damn, why man, that's funny. It's real bro. We living in a different time.


Wow. Hate sales. Hate Thinking about what they were saying on Twitter that was trending. Like, and none of it was real. It was all false. And what was these, what was said on Twitter Just to this point? How did this person hop on the song? I'm like, yo, you think anyone can make Drake hop on his song? Let me ask you a question. How did Drake hop on 21 Savage song? How did he jump on Blackboard? JB the Migos, he just jumped on it. It was hot. This what He do future Tony. That's What he been doing. Tony, you Can't make Drake hop on a song. It's Drake. I'm gonna keep it all the way real too, man. Shout out to Drizzy for a Lot of money, man. Shout out. Lemme say something. Right. It's Interesting because if you, if you, you already know if you got a record and this moving and a nigga like Drake hop on your shit.


Yeah. Come on man. Yeah. You know, people don't give Drake up. It's fucking Listen man. People don't give miss obviously. I think they do, but they don't like even what he's gone through now. Right. We all know the obvious, but like it's not only gonna hurt him, it's gonna hurt other rappers because he was able to, he really helped. If you think about the artist that he helped like succeed because of his co-sign. Don't got that no more. Nah. So I'd be like, y'all better be careful what y'all wish for because now the man that was like, yo, oh yeah, I rock with that. I'm gonna do a song with you. Oh yeah, come hop on my video. He was, that was his thing, right?


That's gone now. No, It's not really going In a sense of like, no it's not. It is not. It a it is, well let me not say it's gone, but I feel like he may not do it anymore based off of what, what just transpired because I felt like he felt like he, like he like He betrayed Bingo. I feel like he betrayed by everyone that he helped and now he's not gonna be as giving, giving as he was. Right. But he's not and He's not hurt. He's screaming more than anybody still at, At at You feel what I'm Saying? At at, at end of the day if that's what he chose to do, that's his business. Yeah. Because he helped a lot of motherfuckers. Absolutely. Did You feel what I'm saying? So, and if, you know, if I helped someone they turn their back on me, I might feel the same way too.


Correct. you know what I mean, correct? Mm mm


Morning tobacco smoke increases the risk of lung cancer and heart disease even in non-smokers. This episode of Million Odds mworthofgame is brought to you by Swisher Sweets. Swisher Sweets knows you are all about to level up. And so are they with a family of brands that provide a smoke for any ses with Swisher, Sweets is more than a sesh. It's a refresh. Ignite an icon with Swisher Sweets savor, hand selected pipe tobacco with BLK. Elevate your smoking experience with legend or kick back and enjoy America's broad leave aged for two years in Leaf. Whether you're gathering your crew for a sesh or having a smoke alone for a moment of reflection, refresh your ses. We Swisher sweet.


Right?


This episode of me and I's mworthofgame is bought to you by NEW. AMSTERDAM VODKA. Now Let me tell you something about New Amsterdam Vodka life ain't going your way. Shout a NEW AMSTERDAM VODKA VODKA. You caught your woman cheating today. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming but it didn't come your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka iss distilled five times, filtered three times for a clean, crisp finish. Now you could drink it straight up, you could drink it on the rocks, you can blend it with juice soda or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. That's up to you. But when you out and about at that local liquor store, make sure you scoop that new Amsterdam back up, run it to the register like a fumble on a gold line and you rent it back. 99 yards poop. Get it home. Put it on the ice cocktails, however you like to drink it. New, Amsterdam, Vodka. There's no other vodka for you. Try the damn new Amsterdam.


Right? Staying off Instagram is very important too because you'll see the piggybacking like, you know, you see the piggybacking where everybody be just piggybacking and following trends and following what was going on. And it's like, and people jumping people business too much. On, on the gram you be like, you jumped in, you don't even know them, you jumped in two people business or what's going on. And then at the end of the day, these reconnecting and back up and then down. You, you look goofy as shit. Mind your business. And then you Gotta understand too, most people are stupid. Let's just keep it real. Facts. Most stupid. Let's keep it fucking real. Yeah. Most mother are dumb as a red brick man.


You like, like, like a bunch of out here that's putting out, oh, it was a conspiracy theory. Mike Tyson wasn't really trying to win. No, You goofy. Mike Tyson is 60 Years old, Bro, that pissed me off Wrong with you. Do y'all realize most 60 old take like eight minutes to get out of bed Because he 50 something, he take four minutes. I mean, but I mean, run around top. It was a shut up. No, Mike wasn't in there. Mike gave it his best. He didn't really think he was going to win, but Mike got a fucking jacket and he feeding his family Hundred percent as a fact.


You Is just stupid. Wow. Fuck wrong with Joe. Who's to say that he really wasn't throwing punches? He yo your your your your grandfather 60 that got neither one of his hips. You only got one knee. The Knee done the feet tender. Now for real, think about this. Look over at your 60-year-old grandfather, like that's Tyson nigga. And he got Tony Ams for what? 30 minutes? That's major now. So Most just balls. They can't think they like horses with the s on. Only thing they could see is in front of him in Yeah.


Gotta know that. So you gotta know that Neff now. 'cause let's, before I love Mike. That's my mother guy. But that was the easiest money I ever won. Let me ask you a question, right? For those that don't know why you thinking Jada? 'cause I mean, it pushed me, it pushed me over the edge to, to come outta my comfort zone and not just settle for regular. And Who is Jada? That's my ex. Okay. And no, no, no. Your woman. My ex. Yeah. Now, now listen. Now listen. Why, why is you thinking that though? What, what be, because that's you being transparent and you being vulnerable. And what is you thinking Jada for?


Because I think as we move on and grow in men in this world where everybody is so everybody, everybody is so tough. Can't nobody be transparent. Can't nobody be vulnerable? Why? Who, how? What help you get to that vulnerable state, you know, to be able to say, you know what, you really helped me, you my ex, but you really helped me in a lot. Hmm. I'd say one Like, I said, you know, I was, I was really pushed over the edge, you know when, when the situation happened, rest, peace of my pops, my pops passed away two, three months after, two, three months before I was already like, you know what I'm saying?


Like, you know when you lose someone, you know, like you, you a little bit uneasy, you walking on eggs, everybody gotta walk away. Eggs excepts around you, you like a volcano. Especially in that, that first 2, 2, 3 months and then that happened. And at the time, like shorty was like the closest person to me, you know, I wasn't really close to, you know, my ideal family, you know, I was going through it with them, you know what I'm saying? So I was just, that was the only person close to me. And then her being that close to me and you know, you know, I'm realizing that she cheated on me and this and that. It pushed me and I, I could have been like, ah, but it's, thank you 'cause the fact that you did that, But is it, thank you.


Is it, thank thank you. Sarcastic. Is it a little lac of sar sarcasm in it? Like, yeah. Thank you. he like that. I'm asking you real Question's. A Good question because, because, because you saying it push you, but it's like, is it a real thank you of you? I understand the push and the motivation, but when the way you say it, I'm like, y'all might be lac with sarcasm like you getting at it. Like, I. I'm, If it was me, I'm be honest. I'm, I'm gonna be honest. Thank, You, Jada, I'm, I'm gonna be honest. It's a mix of both. Okay. And I'm gonna tell you why, because when this went down, I told her, I said, bro, I'm gonna blow the up. Imma, Imma, imma blow the fuck up. I'ma, I'ma do this, I'ma, I'ma Imma if you walk out that door right now, I swear to God on everything I love, I would never talk to you again.


I'm a blow Up. Did you ever talk to her again? Nah, hell no. Alright. Come on now. Real, We gonna keep this. Oh, shit was sarcastic. Thank you. Jay playing With me. I told you BATZ, you play with the BATZ. You ain't think I was about to take off? Yeah, I took off. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Course it was, You know she tried to sue us too For, for using that. Yeah. Defamation all that. How is defamation? She tried to, yeah, she tried to sue us. She thought she was The lawyer. The lawyer shot that. Yeah. Yeah. See what I'm talking about. Cc? That's what I'm talking about. Man. I don't like that shit man.


Talk about it. Let's talk about it. I don't like that shit. You, you did what you did on me. I do what I'm gonna do on You. Yeah, I, I, I say, I tell you. I mean Honestly I Warned You don you walk out that door baby. I'm I don I. Don't see how I'm wrong. You gonna be with a raggedy for the rest of your life. God only bless you with two real. I'm one of them. Now if you walk out that door, you gonna be with Raggedy Ronnie for the rest of your life. Yeah. Oh. You walking out Rag Ronnie is nasty. Oh, you walking now? Yeah. She decided to walk out. Yeah. You decided to say, you know what? That's right. Dad died. Yeah, my woman left me. Yeah. Ain't I Who cheat on me with a barber? Let's talk about it.


Let's talk about it bitch. Shit on I go, I go in that shake my shit. Know what it's on now. On now Shake my real quick. Yeah. I'll be the last one in there while she waits. Sitting in there waiting for he, He, he might cut your head about my fault man. He might one of them Jones. That's what happened to me when my curly boy my head up. That's why I had to go ball. That's what happened to me in The age. So she left you for a barber in the age? Didn't bro, she left me for a barber Like nah and some, some, some barbers out here that's getting some money. He was probably getting money than you at time. No, no. He was a fat and just that just got outta college. That worked in some car dealership. But What did you ever ask yourself? Did it ever, did it make you feel bad?


Like? I Black, connected. You said what? Did it make you feel bad? Like what I'm lacking at for him to woo My Who was to not provide because gotta you talk to yourself too. How about that? No. No because when I seen the picture, bro, everything I love. 'cause I talked to dude before I even knew that that's who she was with. So like I'm on Snapchat and I'm seeing like they texting each other, you know? I'm, feel me? I'm tripping. At the moment. I'm, man, who the fuck is this now? Yo. Who? Man, what the fuck you got going? Like, yo bro. Yo, yo yo. Who? Oh he hit you with the playing? Yo, Yo, yo. Hey smooth. I gotta give him his flowers. Hey yo Will, I ain't gonna lie. You play for that. I gotta keep it gangster.


Shout out to Will to Barber. Shout out Will to Barber. They still together? I think so. I don't know. You know I don't check in. You know I got a lot of chicken up about I don? Yeah. Okay. you know what I'm saying? People decorating my, let's talk about It the whole time. Whole time. I'm inward bro. Timing inward bro. Yo. Who is this like bro, that's my coworker bro. I mean I, he was playing with friend this and that, this and that. Like wow. he like yo bro, you know what I'm saying? We get to talking nowhere are you called? Tell me that bro. Yes bro. You call homie? Yeah. That's crazy. Through her Snapchat. Nasty. Just nasty. I know I was, I was on the you I was on the nasty ramp page.


He Was nasty man. Come on man. Nasty on. Come on, come on, come on, come on on. Hold on, hold on. In his defense says come on, let's keep it real old now. Old number one, old number two was like 18 years old. Let's talk about it. 19 years or some like that. That's his first time. You already know I'm 18, nigga. I remember you, you went to jail. You told me ride through there. See if mother from jail asking for fevers but it wasn't money And cus what's up, what you need cus Nah, that's funny.


No, what happened is I want you robbed because this I Some, I buried some money in, in, in the front lawn and I wanted to see the fuck out my money. Make sure my money, I still spending money from 88. Wow. Hey trying to see if they Lay, lay some down. Lemme show you some BATZ Something. He trying to see if that gray altar was out there. Fucker that old punk, he always keep him a punk as in his twenties. Twenties. Hold on, Lemme show you See this nephew, you wasn't born and I'm still spending money from 88 now what the you see that Neff? Hold up, hold up, hold up.


Let me go deep in my bank road now you see, see you see where that's on That I don 1974. I be getting money since back in the days n you see what I'm saying? Ain't what he talking that's my old money Wasn't born in 74. Don't you believe that? No that had money in the piggy bank waiting for you. What Fuck was wrong with Steve was born in seventy four four. What the yeah. Lying young bull telling young bull so used to knew hundreds. He that he think that At that what The that's real baby. I been hit one of These. You can tell old he got, he got the dollar on top just so know what? See that's a tactic.


Pull that gun out. I ain't got no money man. $60 Not on me baby. You, you know you got the beef all in the tackle or something. You got the knot on top, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just a young bull pull a gun out. So Will got out. Will it got nasty for You? It got nasty but the whole time with bro, dude was like yo, you know, let me know next time you in Chicago bro. Wow. He was playing, he was playing. He wasn't playing was Playing. He Went, he said respect something. You in Chicago get my Instagram. Look at his, because I'm like man lemme get this Instagram. Lemme see what this nigga like man got lemme see this looked at his Instagram. I said Oh she ain't with him. I said I ain't no way everything.


I'm not you fat, light, Light skin. A player's a player though. A player's a player nephew. He learned that I Player it don't even matter like dudes. Oh I'm in shit. A lot of these bull are shape my muscled up. They be getting they chicks be gettings, slave And sprayed mean. They the most insecure Man. Come on. Come on man. Because Let me tell you something. A chick don't give a fuck about your muscles. She get fuck about your dick, your shake. Come on now let's talk about can you Dick go some rounds. Come on. That's what you wanna know Was your paper right at your time? Absolutely. Nah. Oh Will was getting money cut hair. Barbara's getting money. Absolutely they get paper. They get a hundred dollars a cut Especially at 18. You understand Wil could take it to Applebee's. Get that. I gotta keep, you know two for 20. Pay a cell phone bill. He Right. Pay a cell phone bill.


You Slipping Will was hit socking into, into pocket. Like Let just tell you something, you gotta understand this man. Sometimes God is working in your favor. Oh God. He just got a raggedy from around your, that wasn't really down with you. he said she ain't down with you yet. You all in love. But let me get her outta here 90% because she ain't, she ain't the one and you about to go nigga. So before you get ready to go, let me, let me, let me, let me clear your car out man because you got the wrong passenger in the passenger Seat. Yes sir. Talk to sometimes God talk to you in certain ways where he like think about it. First of all, lemme just tell you something.


When in the process of meeting a chick, right, if I found out you with a certain type of nigga, you couldn't be my, this is just a thing now. Hundred percent. Wait you wait you fucking BU as before you got some no I gotta hold you to BU as you gotta be accountable for that. No bro. Sometimes, sometimes it's the flip side of that 'cause some of us we ain't want, we didn't want to be proud about. It might not talk about a lot of us loppy silently too. But It don't matter. But the, you talking about I'm just telling you women it's two different things. Yeah. Your dad never told you don't be out here throwing the around nigga jump outta your dad Ain't never tell you that.


Nah, you come back to your dad. You got some slapping you my yeah. Wait the little tinder that was here at the cri. Oh that was you. You talking your woman now? Yeah. Your mom be I tell you listen. Yeah don't you just be down here And all ain't you make sure he he perfect. You just don't get in like a woman's is not worth the same thing. But you gotta give him some game because you've been with your girl for how long? Forever know that. Why forever longer than you've been alive. My youngest kid is older than you but doing life man. It's ups and downs man. But when you got somebody that's really riding with you really on your side, you're always gonna be able to get through the ups and downs.


You feel what I'm saying? No because she really riding with me. No for sure. I'm really riding with her. So we we go through the same, everybody else go through. We had arguments. Ah Yeah that nigga called the cops on it one day That time she put You on the headlight. You said I'm calling the cops. I don't know if you called him but she put you on the Headlight near the door. What you saying You was at the old crib calling the cops. You no call the cops. I. don ain't got nothing Do the cops nothing. The t say calling the cops saying you Know that She threw you in the Headlock and he was Like I. Call. Call the cops. I'm you locked up. Shut up you. I'm pressing charges. I'm putting the video up. Look, Look, look. The damn N one is somebody else to fill down 'cause he was on the phone with Man.


Man he told him No man you my man let's Together my Instagram Seen that nigga was man with the T-shirt. he said he no shit Fucked. He was man sliding and gliding. But see, you know Sliding And glide the reality of all this in this game of life. And you gotta understand it's on your journey. God gonna test you, stress you then bless you. He going to test you. He gonna stress you. Then he gonna bless you 'cause he you, you went through it. So a lot of times we gonna lose people. We gonna lose a, you gonna lose a lot of people in this journey to success. 'cause people think instead of giving them 2,500, you was supposed to give 'em 10,000. That's right. Family members friends. That's right. It's going a lot of times it's gonna be a money issue.


It's gonna be a tension issue. You ain't posting me for my birthday. You see what I'm saying? But you post the other artists. No but You Like. I called you. You Ain't do this. I gave you some money and I called you and you was with me but you post to post me man, you post so and so. Yeah we do music together. This is a different, this is my page is a business. I. Don't think people looking at your page as a business, they looking at it like oh man you should have threw me. They worrying about you throwing them up more than the 5,000 hundred Percent he coming with it. That's A fact. So you gonna go through stuff 'cause you young, you and you gonna have to get your together. 'cause right now you still young. You might a person might tell you some dumb text him you ain't real no more. You Hollywood. Can't nobody tell you that you Hollywood than never been to Hollywood. Mm.


You know what it look like. Mm You mean in Hollywood talk this shit. So people going to try to finesse you Neff on all the dumb about what you not doing. It's not that you've done anything to 'em. It's that you never done nothing for 'em. Or they they can't manipulate you to do something for 'em and they can't take advantage of your resources. You on tour, they want to go on tour with you. Why I can't go on tour. Right. Gimme a job. You don't work. Now why should I be giving you a job? Right. You don't believe in working nigga. Right. You don't work now You don't want a job. You just want me to pay money. Pay you money to hang around me. Right. It's a lot. N so N right now. Thank You Jada Right now. Thank you develop that. You hear me? But you gotta gotta say man I ain't arguing with you.


I ain't gotta kick it with you no more. I's like 'cause one thing's about me. You going to understand that everybody ain't special. How about that? Everybody wasn't meant to be special. That's right. So I got a talent that millions of. Yep. I'm special. I'm gonna gonna take my talent and I'm gonna do the most that I can do with my shit. That's right. And if I gotta cut you the fuck off during the journey, it's because you did some dumb shit. Because me, I'm the same. I just got more money and more opportunity. It's you that's acting different. Feel me?


No, for sure. So if you gotta cut a off man, don't feel bad about cutting no mother off because the only thing that's guaranteed an issue is death. Mm. And I don't want no mother around me that bring bad energy 'cause that's not adding to my spirit. It's not adding to the music. I like to lead a, everybody happy. We turned up, we'll be going back to the hotel. I turn around, go to the studio. Oh in there swinging from a chandel Chand. Man I just made it then that record I made last night. And then that that's, that's the type of energy you want around. That's right man, you young man be young.


When I say wild I don't mean wild. I mean wild. And man I don't really give a fuck what nobody think about me man. I'm young, wild and free man. And by the way, not to cut you off. You know how brave you are. 'cause I went to his neighborhood, his neighborhood is treacherous. Like one of the top two most dangerous in Dallas. And the peer pressures of a kid at 18 coming from where he come from. Watching, growing up on Chief Keef and these guys and having their heart to sing about a girl that's like, and not think it's corny and not feel like, 'cause all this homeboys is rapping about what Shit sly a lot of people who can't.


Yeah right. Radical. But for you to be like man I'm gonna just, I'm gonna make that shit and I'm gonna make that cool And because you inspiring other other dudes in neighborhoods that ain't really Right. That want to sing. 'cause back in the day, singer was like fly. Yeah it Was Fly for sure. But they worrying about how they homies look at 'em. Bingo. Right. Oh nigga you on that singing. Correct. You doing right. You talking about shooting all day bro. Correct. Yeah. So that's honor. So that takes a lot of courage for you to be like, man, I'm who I am but guess what man I'm hurt. I wanna sing about Jada Take a lot of and it take a lot. Appreciate that. And it take a lot of heart for young people to say at 18 years old, at 19 years old, I know who I am.


Bingo. I know who I am. Bingo. Most Running around here, they 25, 26, they still trying to find out who the fuck is. It's 40 years old right now that don't know who the fuck they are. And let me ask You a question as you move on, is you dating or you just like, I'm chilling. I mean I've been so focused on music honestly. You know that that been my focus. That was a professional question. Decoration Blue taught him that question. Man that was a professional, that was a PR first joint. Like no comment to that. But when I'm focusing on my career, man I got a new music coming out like that pr like he got a real team over there.


They talking. He's actually who he is. He is a lover. Shit. When I say this dude is like a lover boy. Oh he be somewhere Cuddle up man. Don, That's Kevin Cuddles. Nah, cuddle. He tough but he like, like what you see is like bass, his bass him talking about the Jada and talking about hate to be alone in his songs. And that's like, that's really who you are. Like if you know him All. Right. But y'all keep talking about that singing, you know people that come over here to sing, I be challenging them. Don't sing the same song because don't sing. You sing About what I'm singing Because it's the same. You gotta sing something else. If you sing Only gotta sing one Joint that you don't sing that. 'cause anybody can s and sing something different wrong with you. Y'all can have a batter. He can't. He can't nothing.


He ain't know to, you know what I mean because I'm what's locked up? He won't look at you now. That Ain't Getting no residual. They publishing on that. I ain't Getting no Publishing. That was my story. But nah, I ain't gonna lie. Like, you know, obviously you know I thank you for saying this brave, you know, but Very, I want to say thank you to my mama. You know my mama, my grandma, you know Mama, grandma They made Tea lady. You know. And being weird, you know, being weird. That's cool. You know, being different if everybody want Being yourself, that's what it mean. Being yourself. Boom. We see, see what we try to do is a lot of times in our community, the black community, anytime you, you, you embrace your individualism and you do what you wanna do and you ain't dressing like everybody, you ain't saying like everybody, you ain't going everybody Oh you a weirdo.


We try to, we try to push our insecurities off you. No, you're really weird. You laughing at me 'cause I'm different. I'm laughing at y'all 'cause y'all all the same. Absolutely. Weirdo. Absolutely. Absolutely. And that, and that's the joint we try to make you feel bad. You are a weirdo. No, you Really. And honestly man, I love you brothers man. Yeah. Because even just hearing, talking to y'all and giving this kid game and like he's really, I I'm watching him. He's really taking this shit and I feel we have a responsibility. People that have a platform or us in these rooms to like push the ones that want to do something different. Yeah. Like that's our job is like not to sign. Even me as a exec, my whole thing is to like, you know, I remember when I first signed T Payne it was, it was so different and you know, and to this day I be like man, you know, I feel like people owe this kid an apology bro.


Because they were wrong about him and they turned their backs on them. And to this day without t pain, do we have eight oh weeks and heartbreaks We don't have a Lot of shit. Do we know future as if of, of who we know today. Our T Payne, I'm gonna say this, I'm gonna say this, say this. When T Pay came out, they was trying to annihilate Him. That's my point. 'cause the future of music, I think a lot of people didn't like to change. So they was trying to, man, it was so many big people trying to, they was going annihilating. I We hold on, we gon, if we gonna talk about it. Yeah. We gotta talk about It Wasn coming up bar tenders, You know what I'm saying?


And, and, and one of the, and at the time one of the biggest had a song called Death Tune. He killed Yeah, he Was. And it really hurt him. And, and, and it hurt his career in a sense. And when you think 10 years later you see what he's been able to do and what he created and he changed music. And T Payne doesn't get to this day enough respect. But I'm, I guess I'm trying to say is that we can't, we have to stop trying to dictate what this thing is. We have to give it time to grow and blossom. So when I heard bro, I'm like, this sounds different. I want to be your part of this because it felt like something I've never heard before.


So when people were like, oh he's this, he's that with the voice. I'm like man, let this kid let this kid grow because he going and inspire somebody else. Like hight Pain inspired Travis Migos, one of the greatest albums of our decade. Eight Waste and Heartbreak. He inspired Kanye West. But we all, to your point, they was killing this dude. They was Killing Him. Turned their backs on him by the way. You know what I'm saying? So we have to just, we have to water the plant. So you brothers do such a great job of, you know, giving game, inspiring, like telling bro, listen, don't look at that. Don't care about this. And you guys been through it and so you able to give and share.


So salute to you brothers for that. Appreciate man. For sure. I'm watching this dude. He really, he's taking it in for real, real Talk man. Nah, for sure. But man we thank you for coming, for pulling up on us man. Yeah Man. We appreciate you pulling up album. We had to make, I'm glad we made this, this interview work 'cause there was so many changes in the theory. He was Like, I, gotta do it. So it just, thank you guys man. It's just great. And thank you to Jada. Thank you. Shout out to you Jada. Shout Out Jada, Shout out. you know what I mean and That's, you made this Possible. That's in a respectable way though. Nah. Our minds is an begrudging for Me. For motivates you to the what's name. I don't Like what you did to Neff. I can't, he can't be alone. So he, he you Picked Chubby Checkers over, he Gonna find, he gonna find a new, a nuisance of somebody new. He can't be alone. You picked Big, big chubby over n and Rest in peace to my brother Chubby Baby.


Yeah. Rest in peace. Chub chubby baby. Peace brother. Rest in peace. I mean, but She picked Big chubby over Neff. How you going do that? The dark skinned with the curly Head. Good Night. Come on man. Come on. You picked the, you picked Big chubby over n You want to tell him what we got coming before we leave? What we got coming? New music singles. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So, so I'm finna drop, you know a song called Hood Grammys, you know what I'm saying? I'm, I don't know why I supposed to be looking at, but I'm All the cameras I don Matter. Look at all of them. Yeah. I'm finna drop a song called Hood Grammys. You know what I'm saying? Why is, why is the hood Grammys? What's the difference? Because you know, I didn't get Grammy this year. Year. That's cool. That's good you Felt some type of Way.


But guess what though? I got ask your question. I got you said what? he said You felt some type of way. Why? I'm gonna be honest talking about it. I'm a nigga from the hood. Like. I. Nah, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't even know I was even in that conversation. Like, just to be in that conversation, just for you to say, did you feel the type of boy you didn't get a Grammy, huh? A gram? Like what are we talking about? This is my first year in music period. You know, I didn't expect one, but you know, I I thank you for the, for the, even the thought of saying that, you know, you know, I plan to get one, you know, with this year. Amen. But since I didn't get one, you know, I thought it would be cool if I make a song called Hood Grammys.


'cause I definitely got a Grammy in my hood. Definitely. More than surely. You know. So that one's dedicated to the hood and I'm taking it and I'm, I'm I'm gonna drop it in a couple days. No, actually in a week. Emma. When does it come out? Milano? 29th. 29th? Yeah. I just got one Last. She's dropping on 29th. Before we Get outta here, let's do it. You a Cowboys fan man. Come on man. What are we talking about? What are We talking about? What are we talking about? What we talking about? What we talking about? What are we talking about? What we talking about? What we talking about? Cowboys over everybody. S we talking about it One If is going down William Wallo, knock on party.


The biggest show on Earth. You never seen nothing like this. I'm talking about unbelievable fights. I'm talking about the It's so funny. It's so real. It's so everything I'm talking about the fights, people going to be getting knocked through, the rings knocked out. I'm talking about you gonna be seeing all types of fights from people that you never expect to see fight before. This is the biggest show on earth. Yes. Knock up parties. Listen, it's Going down at the Chase Center. Chase Center. You see what happened last Time Still house in Delaware. You see what happened last time. You see how it was sold out? We ain't worrying about that. If you can't get there, it is going to be on pay-per-view. Perview pay-per-view pay-per-view pay-per-view pay-per-view. Last time we did 29,000 pay-per-view. This time we trying to do 70,000 pay views. We gonna Do a hundred thousand hundred thousand.


We going it down. That's right. But listen, Gillian Wallow knockout party. You've never seen a party like this. You've never seen a show like this. You've never seen a boxing match like this. What you wanna do is get your tickets, don't play no games. Get your tickets. Gillian Wallow Knockout Party December 20th, chase Field House, Wilmington, Delaware. It is going down. It's going to be big on the 19th. We'll be doing a weigh in. You gonna see the craziest fight from some of the wildest people? Yes. I'm talking about the action is action facts. Yes. I'm talking about what you never seen before. Yes. The greatest show on Earth, Gillian, while Naga party, it's going down. Either you could be there or you could watch at home. It don't matter as long as you're tuned in. Yes. I'm telling you, you're not going to regret this. We got my God large coming back. He's gonna be on the mics with me and Gil. We gonna be how we got Rome coming back to get the after the fight action.


It is going down. You don't wanna miss this Gillian Wallo knock knockout party. The biggest show on earth. December 20th. Let's go be there.