
Hey Million. dollars worth. Of game listeners, You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube? Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right? Listen, man, you're now tuned into me, me, me, me, me, me. Million dollars worth of mworthofgame. Listen man, we out here, Reedsport, Louisiana is going down. Human and harmony. We getting 50 CENT. We getting straight to the business. Yeah. It surprised me fitting when I was in jail. I called Gil one time, he said, man, these niggas out here black balling me. It wasn't till years when I came home when we ran in into people that was like, yo, I remember we got a call from Universal. I remember me got called and said, don't do this and that. Third, did you ever run into situations where people attempted to blackball you during your career and you ran into and they exposed who done It?


Nah. Absolutely. Like, like my, the entire beginning of my career, I was up against the leverage of Murder Inc. And that energy already created relationships that I had to look, I didn't fuck with people because they had already dealt with them. So my old people, fat Joe was really his loyalty. Later we become the best friends. Like I, like I really fucked with his loyal to a default. Like because he worked with him, he like, nah, I already saw him with them. you know what I'm saying? It's like even when you look, I bring it to right to today's time. Yeah.


When you see like NBA young boy and little Dirk and the issues and they, they got extreme shit going on, right? But when it happens, NBA young boy will be away. So Dirk has an extreme advantage 'cause it's actually out moving and meeting people. So you do something later and you go, oh, you ain't, we ain't gonna gain time. Like that's not what we doing. But you still gotta be conscious of street shit because street you could just be oblivious to it. And the streets, I catch up with you and eat you like breakfast, man. Like it is what it is. So you look and you go, nah, that's like when you reach out to Jerk to Drake and he go, nah, I fuck with dirt.


you know, every big young boy wanted to do something to that nigga. You said what? You said, I wish that it would've just something in my face. I wish, you know, like Yeah. Like even, even spent on him just because of that. And you look and you go, nah, what, what had happened is you left that gap. Isolation is dangerous. You know what I mean and you look, you go, look, I love, not just, I love the coaches bro. It's what made me comfortable in my life. Like, you know, all the accomplishments, the successful moments that I have that I can hold onto. My grandfather just passed. Right. He got a chance to see that shit. Yo, I can't, the most expensive thing we spend is time. We can't get it back. Did you spend a lot of time with Grand Pops?


I did. I would go over there and hang out. I would make my business to go out and have like a, I I don't take a break if you don't know this. Yeah. I just keep going. Yeah. You know what I mean and they, they'll go, I have a stop for him every year and do something. And it's because he sacrificed so much for us that it would actually be what I need. 'cause I'm relaxing, but it's for him. Yeah. you know, and then even renewal vows, different stuff with my grandparents and stuff like that. And I, I would make it my business, my grandmother, they went to the Justice of Peace. They didn't spend money on the day. Yeah. you know what I'm saying? They simplified it and then when, when once she got into it, it became like, I have to turn it to a little girl. And she was like, no, I can't have this kind of flyer.


Like if you can't help me then cur can get somebody else here to help me because this shit ain't the way it's supposed to be. Jerry, like my Aunt Johnny showing how this shit go man. And it's like, Look, I wanna say this. Right. Tough is not, it's never what you said, it's always what you did. Right. So we know tough niggas, we know people who do this shit, but it usually leads to them living a tough life. Okay? It starts a cycle of tough shit. And no matter how tough their act is, they do some raising shit. They getting ready to go to the home of the boldest. So they gonna be around niggas that do that.


That's what they did when they put you in the, they classify you and put you with niggas that are as bad as you are. Yeah, absolutely. And then you got to show us your tough again. That's gonna extend your stay. you know what I'm talking about? Yes. So it's, it is going down tough is not my goal man. I don't care about that shit bro. you know what's gangster to me is to live the way you want to live. To not have to answer to people to change things Because Of how your perspective and the way things are. Our culture is so strong bro. If you look at high shit, if we don't wear it, it don't sell.


Right. It will not sell if we don't wear it. Right. We control. Cool. That completely. Yes. We Always control. Cool. Right? Look, when you see Yeezy Adida, that's not the first time we saved Adida. The first time. Ron's house, who's house? What shelter? Adidas. They get back to being there. Space doing extreme amounts. A sales. When Yeezy's over there, I didn't understand what he was doing. He went to lv. I'm like, what the fuck you want? They're not even gonna pay you. He didn't get no money. I made a boatload of about $80 million bar. BK I'm a high risk investment.


Just pay me short contracts and keep paying me. When they gave us the money, we really exist based on the loss on the Benmore for LeBron. RBK had 80 million hours laying there. When Nike got LeBron for one 20. If that money wasn't sitting there, Paul Hyman wouldn't have did the lifestyle brand then brought Daddy Yankee and Jay-Z's and Stock Carter and g in the shoes to the, to the table. Like we wouldn't have received that opportunity. you know? And look LeBron, that's why shit we owe three boy. Like we, if that didn't happen, they wouldn't have had the money laying there for me to go get it.


Yeah. So he, he knows. I know Ramon James. That's what I'm saying. All right. And you'll see the connection because people disagree on so much shit. Yeah. Your publicist, when you talk to your publicist, you know the first thing they tell you. What? Stay away from religion, stay away from politics. Okay. you know why? Why? No matter what the fuck you say, somebody passionately disagrees with you. Absolutely. No matter what religion you believe in Allah. Niggas saying that's not the right way. You believe in every Christian Christianity. That's not it. 'cause they're choosing something different. Your Political party, you, you democrat, Republican disagreement completely.


Yep. So I stay away from it when I, when I get pulled into politics, I go Yeah. And I have nothing to say. I'm just looking. That's the Same way we are. We don't fuck with no politics, none Of this shit. I don't fuck with that. Like I, I don't stay there because I'm still entertainment. If it's not music then it's film and television, but it's still entertainment. So why would you turn someone off? I say that right? I want everybody to enjoy what I'm doing. Right. Not just a selective view amount of people. I'll focus on diversity because it's needed. Right? Yeah. You know, and I wanna see my people look the right way. I wanna see it the right shit.


Not just to me movies nigga. Like the best shit. Right. High quality, high budget films. How it feel being a legend in two games like Dionne Sanders, Bo Jackson, it's great. Look, I'm just getting music game television. You hear me? I'm just getting started. I promise you look when I look, when I go Up man Tyler invite me out to sit his studios. I look, I go, I really, people don't know how much he's doing. Even though we've seen the projects as they come out, they don't know how much the inner workings of it is. Like how much it is established. Right. So I'm looking, going down like no, I respect it in every way For me to see you with Tyler, that was major but who is five major black people in the entertainment game that gave you game during your journey?


Five black people, five monsters. Look Master P at the gate and then P showed up. Remember I was trying to explain to you, but P is like, it was so much of a hustler. He, he was there in the very beginning and he could see that I was going where I was going. There's no room to do the deal but there's room to to do a deal. A deal. So you can already have the record there and you can notice he's getting ready Blow. Yeah. Now there's no reason why you don't get into giving him a deal for tour multiple shows. Yeah. Well you know he is gonna increase. Yeah. In volume. He did a few broke. We take a break, we come back, we'll finish the rest up. Right. By the time you get back it's worth so much more that there's no way you lose money.


Right, right. He wasn't sophisticated enough to understand how to do that. Some people feel jerked. I honored the deal because I didn't feel jerk. I learned from it. Okay. If you go oh no that's, I'm like, oh shit. Nah. I said yeah, nah that was it. Yeah because I sold 1.3 million records before. Now you know how many good niggas didn't get their run, they didn't have their moment. Right. We know the difference because we are the culture bro. We in it. Like when you got writers and shit like that, we listening bro. you know how many niggas did rap from Philly did was nice. Like super. He was nice. Yes.


Oddly talented nigga. So when you watch him playing basketball and shit like that, all the other shit, I'm looking like this nigga really was supposed to be in the NBA. He just, just really fucking around now with us with all this other shit. Yeah. That why shit look like it's a, that's your favorite move you fucking around with a little nigga. Right. That's what I'm saying. I'm looking what the fuck, like look, we see this only when you gotta put, you gotta put it with someone who's clearly had that as a focus in their life. For you to see them do anything that that looks similar to that. Yeah. To him. And that that was because it's not complete for, of course there was other things, there was other things that came.


But you could See what your passion is. The person's passionate and then the showmanship, you can't, you can't make that up. That's the personality and shit that If they knew to do that our superstars in the league would be too much to not stop looking at me. Right. Absolutely. Do you understand what I'm saying? We would just be like this. Nah, I don't care if he, if he make the shot or not, I'm with him. Right, right. Because it's just too much for you to, you know, if a person's characters that as strong. Look, look at Kobe. I look at Kobe Bryant, I'm Kobe Bryant here in music 'cause I'm not that good. I wasn't that good naturally in what I watched it and rap music.


Some niggas rap like we talk, they so fucking good at it. You looking good. Goddamn. But the problem is they look at and say is that real nigga Right. If you really doing that right because we try to figure out if they really like that. I look and I go, but damn that shit sounded good way. That nigga said that crazy. But yet the difference is you was believable. Right. And because the lifestyle, I'm actually giving them what was going on. But do you think that matter now? It does. Look they fuck up because they trying to do it without having experience. Okay. These niggas don't, there's no seven years in between what they just said. No statute of limitations. They're saying some shit that just happened last week bro.


Yeah. Right. And then the fucking people come and they don't understand what happened. The whole crew, what the fuck You see the little lineup. There's 10 niggas coming out. The building, the indictment done fell. It's the drill shit. You see it over and over. But, but they writing about the experience and they shit is real. Like this shit. Nah that shit's real. Like their version is is really capturing it creatively in a way. But they get confused. The street's always a part of our culture. So if look, there's an expiration date on niggas because if you was what you said you was, you were supposed to crash. Yeah. Right.


You were supposed to crash out. So if you not, if you're still here, if you're not going through some shit, you supposed to be absent at points because you sitting in the jail. Right. Then you come back. I used to pray for times like this to shine like this. You have to have those moments for them to understand no this shit is real. And then it's not something that means something from the artist's perspective alone. It's how many you That's you I used to pray for times like this to shine like this. Yes. Now you Lamborghini Duck. No, that's what I'm saying to you. But that's all, that's a lot of niggas bro. That's a lot of people's lifestyle. So it's so relatable. It connects in a way that's different.


We know it's this actual experience and it was whites writing it at that moment. That's what makes it connect culturally. And you going and it's one of the young boys. Yeah, But let me finish this. I gotta, 'cause I want to know. I said, who is five black people that helped you in the game? Number one you said Master P. Master P. Yeah. Who else I learned from PI learned from Russell Simmons, Earl Russell, who else? And Russell was because he, he showed me that you could take influence from music culture and make it affect Urban apparel. Yeah. If he showed me Fat Farm. Fat Farm was also Soho. No fat farm, no Sean John, no Dwan, no none of that shit comes right from Music.


right. When, when he done that, I, I knew I could do that. If you watch ster, I had already had clothing with Uni written on it. I'd already had tank tops that would just hand painted. 'cause I know I'm going to that next I'm gonna sell that. I'm gonna do all, I'm gonna do all this shit. I already was thinking that ahead of time 'cause I've been bumped around enough. My first album is really, I did Power of A Dollar. That's the first record. How much of a concept change from Power of a Dollar is Give Rich Dodge Ryan Give Rich or Dodge Ryan is what It's power of a dollar after you've been shot and you pushed outta the business and they're blocking you.


They told you they was blocking me. Right. If you could look back at the interviews, they're saying we was blocking the man everywhere we could. Right. But how many, how how many people that, who blocks you that most people would be shocked about when you found out that they send a a direct hit to block in Relationships? I'm talking about Irv and them. They have relationships with a lot of people. They Have with Jay. They Irv. But Who they all was there I Energy They had that whole system. I had an issue with everybody that was there by You gotta understand the whole thing. You gotta understand. 'cause at this point 50 hit Ja Rule and them niggas is here. Yeah. They was selling more records. They see you coming up for not in a million years did they think a nigga gonna sell 10 million records.


So it's like we gotta pick a side. Yeah. We gonna pick this side because side already side is already already winning. It's already winning. It's already proven. My neighborhood is picking a side premium is picking that over what we really are. Right.


This episode of Million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by New. Amsterdam. Vodka. Now you know the slogan, life ain't going your way. Shot a NEW AMSTERDAM VODKA. You caught your woman cheating today shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming and it didn't come your way. Shot a New. Amsterdam Vodka. It's distilled five times. It's filtered three times for you know what that clean crisp finish, you could drink it straight up on the rocks, juice soda, or just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. That's up to you. But when you out and about at your local liquor store, you make sure you scoop you up some of this New Amsterdam Vodka. The NAV. Make sure you get you some nav asap. The official vodka Barstool Sports. And what are we talking about? I mean a great time. Great for pre-gaming. Great for you know, right before the boxing events, you know, whatever you into New, Amsterdam Vodka put this in your life.


Right.


This episode of million dollars worth a Game is bought to you by DraftKings. Now we had an appetizer last week. Now it's time to feast College football's back. Don't miss any of the action. Jump in at Draftking Sports book is full slate of games for week one, including a big matchup in Atlanta between preseason number one and number 16. Also Colorado. I'll be in the building. Shout out to coach. Yes, Colorado buffs. We will be in the building. So this week, make sure you get ready. Make sure you bet that chicken. Make sure you put your parlays in. But gamble responsibly. That's what. And if you have a gambling problem, 1-800-GAMBLER. But it's all about DraftKings. Nobody's better than DK And it's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to DraftKings Sportsbook Act. Select your team and place your first bet. And this is going to be DraftKings biggest college football season to date. Enjoy the ride now all the way through the expanded playoffs for all the newbies getting into college Spirit. Hear something extra special. New DraftKings customers bet $5 and get 250 in bonus instantly. It don't get no better than that. You bet five. And you get 250 in bonus instantly. Score big with DraftKings all college football season long. Download DraftKings Sportsbook app now and use code Gilly G-I-L-L-I-E. Download the app right now. Right now DraftKings right now. And use the code Gilly for new customers to get that two 50 on a $5 bet. And it's just like that DraftKings Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void. An Ontario bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/ft ball.


I'm representation of that environment bro. That is my mine's not, I only know what I know. Like I'm only writing what I know. Right At that point when they choose that they're choosing something that's a little different and they saying Fuck it, it's our fool. They're afraid. Look, when the feds come in, in the indictment, they say that they they beat the case. Yeah. They beat no case nigga. You never did nothing. Right. You never did nothing. They put 'em in the indictment because when you gave 'em 50,000 they said you was money launder but there was no money launder. They didn't give him the dirty 50,000. You gave him the 50,000 because you pussy. And he said leave him alone 'cause he is my fool. Yeah. And when I keep having friction with him, he goes, let's kill this little nigga.


Yeah. Because He keep getting in the way and then Fool. Yeah. There was no money laundering bro. Man tell you he beat the case and when he said by the time he was done with his case, he owed $2 million. How did you beat, how did you win? You never did nothing. They gave him a case. Nigga went to trial pretty much to trial with a legal aid attorney. A legal aid attorney had never been to trial Because they couldn't help. There was no financial help or support for him because of that. Because of that. Right. So the the government is saying get these niggas out the way trying to help by giving them this the case.


And they'll struggle to beat that case while we're giving, while we're taking care of what we need to take care with this. And it gets him out the way and as soon as he is going, I appear to be the bully and look at me like I'm a bully. 'cause I ain't accept what what just went down. Right. They don't teach you to accept that. Right. Question. Who in New York City was rocking for you when everybody was trying to blackball you in the city who stood out and said we fucked you Mr. C. That's it. Mr. C created the first show that I did downtown Manhattan. And, and look even when the funny shit came out, 'cause he told me he was a little foody. I'm like, I'm not involved in any of your personal choices.


That's what he do when he on his personal time. That's his personal time. I was always there for him. He tell even his funeral, I paid for his fucking funeral. Just look every time my man look he showed up at a time that there was no, it was so crucial. I was so fucked up. Like when they pick up Bobby and Rowdy and them shy money and them is around that situation, they thinking that they are like, oh I know what the sisters G unit because they're seeing the group and they're seeing the, the hammers around and shit like that. At that point I was doing shows. I made it to a point, I was doing a show for $8,000. One of the premier records was I can love you better.


Yeah. My version of ll Cool J's record I did everybody's record over, over everybody's. So I was doing this shit and it was like my targeted audience is is the neighborhood. So I'm not making a commercial hit record out. I'm doing, I'm taking your commercial hit and making a record that the hood understands. Yeah. You said you can love a better. I said she's zapped on my cheddar. you know, and it's a different, a distorted perception of everything that was done for commercial purposes that I'm doing. It's what RB music is now. A RB nigga is singing a record of rapper would say he's singing a version of an RB record.


That a rap that a rap nigga would say. Absolutely. Let me ask you this right now. The, the in this damn time, is there any with, with technology and how you could build your own fan base? Is there any such thing as gatekeepers right now? Look this, we have people that have strong influence and it's because they're grown in our culture and the the new versions of them made them important. When 21 Savage comes out and he's Red Rum. If you look at the war angel lp, you'll see Red Rum when pop comes out and you see his version of mini men. When you on game time, you got a whole group of niggas over there, you know that know who you are.


Yeah. That would like to knock you off because you mean something to this side. Yeah. It's easy. While you would, would be feeling like many men, one deaf on you. Right. So these records connect because the circumstances have changed but the feelings haven't. Right. Time has gone by but it's the same shit. Right. Right. You know, and I look, even when I talk, I talk to the young boys. I'm like, yo, so what's, what's up with them? He's ah nah homie, those are ops. Right. And I'm like, so what happened? He's like, nah, nah. What it means is he don't even, you know, he don't know. He don't know. He don't know why they beefing. No, he don't even know. But he know those niggas is not cool.


That's his information that he received. That's the way he feel about it. And it's, it's real to him because they gonna act off it. And I go, oh okay, okay. I ain't gonna pry Because Your path is your path. I know niggas that wasn't tough. It wasn't tough to me. I'm gonna tell you that's a good kid. Like good kid. He could have woke up yesterday and decided he won't he all the way in. I'm not telling you not to look at him like I look good. I'm only saying I see him that way because of how he was around me. Yeah. And his upbringing. Right. And he'll look at me and go and not even know how to behave that way. Right Now with you, there may be a different story.


You See what I'm saying? And it might be the incident that turns him into a top nigga. For real. Yeah. But then, and I'm like, it is what it is and I'm looking and I go, oh shit, I didn't see him doing that but he did that. Right. The reason I asked you about the gatekeeping, the reason I asked you about who blackballed you 'cause I just be one of these young kids to know that you don't have the fuck with 50 CENT. You don't have the fuck with this person, you don't have the, and you can make it And to be as big as 50 CENT bro listen, look, somebody gotta be next. Somebody gotta be next. But then away from that they gotta, they gotta come in with a significant and some significance of something that's driving it. It's real. You See what I'm saying? Like think, don't think about me. Think about the barbershop in the beauty salon and how they were communicating about it because it was so intense to them.


It was so real. Talk You See what I'm saying going on all over the world. Yeah. That's everywhere. And it's like yo. Nah you better be knowing what's going on around you. Yeah. Because it can just happen and you just there if you don't, if you're not aware of it, you're not gonna feel what's important and what's not important. Yeah. And make the right decisions for yourself. Yeah. I look, I look at things like, I'm like yo bro, I could be so removed from it that I don't have to be conscious of it. What the fuck am I doing talking to these people together? Right. Right. You going, nah, I don't have to Right at all nigga. Right. Lemme tell you I get on some Jay shit. Yeah. Tell you niggas pastor Grateful Park.


Yeah. That's The shit you do. Don't even be around Josh. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta think about it. you know if you go, we've seen that transition and, and that importance is like let's pick places to make those places important. I look and See what are they doing if they're doing things. It was seeing you guys have an interview with Jay Prince and following to take off them was so sensitive at that point. I can see your uncomfortability in some of the things that you said, like the, some of the answers response because it means you're conscious of what is actually happening Right Around you.


Another person will ask it, it's an interview. If you're not from the environment, you haven't mis objected to it so you don't understand what you're saying and you just saying some shit. Right. And you look, you look at YouTube, there's no ramifications for the shit that they do. I've seen myself say shit I didn't say right all over this fucking thing. Right. I'm looking like, oh shit. when I say that I'm click the shit to See what I said. If I said it. I'm Like what the fuck I Said that for? You didn't say it. I never said that. But they make what they want it to be. Absolutely. On YouTube. And it's small enough for you not to have an issue because if you address it through the, the legal system, then look I, I'll do it for recreational purposes.


Legal. When they agitate me, I'll send the fucking lawyers. How much You pay for lawyers a year? Just, just Spend a million dollars a year. Any year. I spent $24 million in my career so far. I can't wait till I get rich. Ju just on lawyers. Just if anybody fuck With you. I spent $24 million in my career on legal fees. I have general counsel. I don't have a, I don't have a manager. I need you to manage me for, I've done every deal a hundred fucking times that I would be doing like for, for me as a music artist or for what? I need you to do that for Get Some of my money. Yeah. They all work at a percentage and you go a percentage of me like you didn't bill this, I built it.


I'm just gonna pay council. Right. That's like even I even develop management companies. Yeah. To help the artists out because I'll say, you what you killed let your mother because they, you know who they put as a manager. Someone they trust. Someone is not gonna steal the fucking money from me. Gil. Imagine. 'cause they meeting the audience before they meet the record. Come if you, we we, this shit was hot last night. We put it on Spotify, apple iTunes, shit take off. Boom. This nigga is popping. Yeah. Outta nowhere. He starts to become somebody in the culture. 'cause the kids is following it. It's cool. He don't have time. If that shit happened the first time we wrote a good record it, we wouldn't be prepared for it. Right.


Right. The nigga you know who came to me, I was what's the nigga named Sound like Future. He sounded like Future. I got clubs in the Atlanta. Panda. Panda. Yeah. I got bros in the, I met with him before he did the deal with Kanye though. Had him at the office. I'm like yo, so let me yo, let me hear the other records you got. And he said, I said that's it. And the shit was so hot that he had it. I was struggling and I was like nah I can't give that nigga that money. Let them give him whatever they going get. Yeah. I know who I was when I made one record. You a backup plan nigga. when I made one record I didn't know how to make the next one. Right.


You See what I'm saying. So if you have the distraction of a fucking hit record, you move around, you start seeing all these bad bitches. You done been married three times this weekend nigga. So if this is gonna happen, you done got all this confused. You like what happened? What's your next record? I don't know. I think I like her. I think I love her. You thinking other shit that wasn't even in your thought process prior to that hit. Right. So where do you find the hit record? You See what I'm saying We not on the same thought pattern that you was when you made the hit. I got brought to the Atlanta. Yeah. I'm like this nigga is fine. I would ask the radio DJs. I had the radio DJs around. I'm like yo, so let me ask you a question. Right. Because I was doing the B and shit like Yeah.


And this is my way of making sure that I gave them something back. I've never asked a DJ in anywhere, any territory, anywhere. And I'm, I've never had an argument with a DJ outside of DJ Clue. 'cause he's a bitch ass nigga. Right. He's just, he just did some shit that make me look at him like that nigga's a bitch ass nigga. But outside of that I've never had an issue with a DJ period. Right. And it's because I need them. They still matter. Huh? How much do DJs matter right now? They still, they now. Look they kids, the young demo don't give a fuck about what you talking about when we talking about DJs because their streaming is gonna be, it's gonna happen before the DJ plays the record.


Right. Right. When you do play it, I'm already hot nigga. Right. You playing it because I got an audience. But they still important though 'cause it isn't what they gave us. It doesn't make it to the mainstream if they don't touch it. Yeah They important. But by the time it's happening organically when it's happening for the first time. Let me say something I seen, I seen a Ross take a shot at you a couple weeks ago about a girl that you not even with no more. And then what is it with you and Ross that's just been going on for so long? I Right. Nothing else works for him outside of mentioning me when things get bad, you mention me, it gets covered further.


U-M-C-T-M-Z is a 50 cents said this is gonna be bad for Irv Gotti's career. I get covered across the board. They get covered on the hip hop blogs. It is what it is. Yeah. And you watch because I have nothing else to say. You just see it happen periodically as it goes. you know? Yeah. You see that big white elephant? Yeah. That property he lives at. It costs more than the nightclubs. He's in the nightclubs. Yeah. We know what they can give you. They can't pay you more than they can pay you because the room can't hold enough people for them to give you the money to, to stay there.


He can stay until he squatter holding onto the leg of the chair that they move. But that's what it is. It's just a part of presentation. Yeah. Come on bro. You can see this. You don't need me to say as you know this. Yeah, look at it. What kind of rich nigga cut his own grass? Why you out there cutting your own grass? You're Trying to save money nigga. You don't wanna pay for the lawn to get cut. Huh? Let me Ask you, they seat broken in the motherfucker. Let me ask you this, let me ask you this. What do it take for a person to shoot a film? A clean film? It ain't not, not your the shoot a clean film that's, that's Don't shoot a film.


Shoot a series a film requires a star. Okay. We gotta make the money back in three weekends. We need 30. We only got 30 seconds to make. People wanna watch it The first 30 Seconds, the 32nd trail of the put out a minute and 30 seconds. We got one minute 30 seconds to make Everybody wanna watch this shit. Alright. So they gotta see somebody and go, oh okay yeah cool. I want to, I wanna check that out. If you make the series we watch this shit and go, nah this shit is good. We've seen some serious catch traction on YouTube.


Different things that make the series bro. It doesn't require stars, it requires talent. Serious. When people are authentic, they could be playing a character that they can play because they noticed they know this behavior. Yeah. And the one thing I said, you made stars. That's it. They didn't know. Look bro, I was going, what is wrong with these people? They was acting like I said you number one African. I've number one in African American Latina households for 10 years. Multiple shows. I talked to Tyler about it. I watched, he's still putting up number one, number one, number one, number one. Oh damn. He'll send it to me in advance. I said for your eyes only.


Don't even show nobody. I go, damn, They got more. This nigga got more, he got more other this shit. And you see me start doing the, since we got here, I didn't even mention the 50 CENT action. My channel, it'll come. I got 18 hours of premium content that I'm gonna run through there. So you go, Is this gonna be like Netflix or somewhere like It's gonna be 1800 hours. It's free television. It's called 50 CENT action. It's ad driven. So there's no fee for you to have that app on your television. So I can just, I can Just download, just click like Netflix is downloaded onto your TV and it's free And you got the ad, the ad revenue is paying for everything. Power. Everything's there.


So So being the fact that I, I can Count like at least four stars you done made from from TV series. But then when you sit back and you see like ghosts, Amari Hardwick say I didn't get paid when I was supposed to get paid. And how that make you feel. Yeah. Look, look he make, he doesn't mean that to me. Yeah, right. He'll send a DM y'all. I didn't mean for that to come out like them turning it around into something else and I go, but damn they, it still is what it is. They're still saying what they're saying. Right, right. At the end of the day, ghosts was supposed to die when I died.


Oh, you extended it. I extended it. Yeah. I told her she was planning to kill him. Seed. When people have success for the first time, sometimes they need it to be their own. The problem with working with 50 CENT, it's, it's 50 CENT show the writers, multiple writers in the room, real talented motherfuckers, bro. Building this shit, putting it together. There's no one, no one person responsible for a hit TV show. It's multiple people having a moment. The actors are bringing the characters to life. The writers are making the it, it's coming together. Right. And it all coach with the writers. Right. But It starts bullshit Writing. We ain't got Nothing.


Don't matter. So How many writers you have in the room? 11. 11 writers. That's the difference. Because all you recognize is a showrunner. Okay. You are only looking at the showrunner was 11 people responsible for what you just said. Right. So you look and go when when I'm there it gets uncomfortable at points when it goes on for a long time. A lot of success. And it keeps saying 50 CENT, 50 CENT 57%. They gotta be comfortable with it. Like Peacock right now I'm the number two highest rated show with the TikTok murders. I never said this stat to nobody. 'cause number two is the first motherfucker of the loops. I don't care about number twos.


I like number Ones number saying, You know, understand what I'm saying. But it's still the second highest rated shit that they've seen in a 30 day time period. And that company is going to, next time I pitch something, it's a docuseries gonna say yes. We don't even need to think about it. Put it right here. How do a pitch go? Is it, is it a deck or is it Sometimes they make decks and stuff like that. But I don't pitch like look, most people pitch and they need a show. They need a show to work. That's all they need to be comfortable in life. A producer One show, One hit show. That's a long running show. And You got four of 'em right now. Huh? I got 34 shows across 10 different networks.


But four of 'em are actively running on, on stars. And This is the only reason why I would commit. I look there's nobody else that could commit to this to Shreveport thing. What makes sense for them? There's $27 million in that building that I put over there alone. Just the studio. Everything that I bought away from that is shit that I bought just because I needed, I need them to feel what you feel what you feel right now. Yeah. Here. So it's not a bad place to go in the process. It makes the place cool.


It's just, it's just, if I can't have a place that the favorite, my favorite thing is to eat. These are the places I would go eat in New York City. Les Lagos. Yeah. Different spots. We would hit these spots. This is why they're here. Yeah. On the weekend. Yeah.


This episode of Million Dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by PFL. The Professional Fighters League Bellator Champion series San Diego goes down Saturday, September 7th live on max. The card features a lightweight title between Usman, Norma gom Dolf and Alexander Shapley. Usman looks to build on a legacy of his cousin Khabib. Don't miss the action. Saturday, September 7th at 8:00 PM on max. For those looking to attend in person tickets are available on axs.com. So if you looking to be in a building in San Diego, the tickets are on A xs.com and this is, this will be one hell of a fight. We already know. We all know that Bellator puts on some of the best MMA bouts that you can possibly see. So from the Bellator Champion series, do not forget it's going down September 7th, Saturday live on max. Tune in. And if you wanna be in the building, let's not forget, get your tickets on axs.com Saturday 8:00 PM on max. Tune in


right


this episode of me and Osworth. A game is brought to you by Swisher. Everyone is on their own journey to greatness. No matter what the greatness looks like for them. Swisher Sweet knows you're all about the level up and so are they with a family of brands that provide a smoke for any sess. With Swisher Sweets, your smoke sesh is more than a sesh. It's a refresh. And that refresh can be whatever you need it to be. Taking time to take your time a beat to level with yourself before leveling up a pause to reflect on how far you've come or a moment to ask yourself what's next. Ignite an icon with Swisher Sweets savor, hand selected pipe tobacco with BLK. Elevate your smoking experience with legend or kick back and enjoy American broad leaves. Age for two years in Leaf. Whether you're gathering your crew for a sesh or having a smoke alone for a moment of reflection, Swisher Sweet has the refresh you need. Refresh your ESH with Swisher Sweets by visiting swisher sweetss.com. Make sure you refresh your esh Swisher Sweetss. Right. Warning tobacco smoke increases the risk of lung cancer and heart disease. Even in non-smokers.


Me, I was worth a game. I'm watching the shit. They're not, you don't always, I'm even the pieces, the clips and shit that's going on and shit like that. I'm old. Personality wise, they can't match up with you niggas. Thank you man. They can't. I'm talking about the part where y'all just fucking around you See what I'm saying? Not it's something serious to change. Yeah. Just bullshit that that is the better part of watching it. And the thing that that creates a, I'd rather go there than to go talk to somebody who don't understand what I'm talking about. Right. Real shit. Yeah. Like you look you going. The fact that they would pick when I, I'm pointing out the J Prince interview when I was there, I don't know a lawyer, anyone that would advise you to speak at that point, them choosing to speak on your platform says that they felt safe Right there.


'cause you're not supposed to talk about nothing under the circle. You understand what I'm saying to you? Not one thing. So when I sit there, I'm like, and there's no control of what the questions you ask or how you react off, off guard. And it's on film. So if people can judge for themselves how they feel about it, you know what I'm saying? And that's, there's certain things I look at and go, it almost may be, it may turn into when they're trying to cancel people, the place that they have to go so they're not canceled. Where the fuck do you go if that happens?


Right. Right. I pointed out religion, I pointed out politics. Those are the two things you saw Kanye fuck around in. We stepped on a landmine first. He said thought slavery was like accepted or intended 'cause we went on for so long. Right. And got away with that because black folks was looking like, what the fuck? We didn't even know how to respond to that shit. Like he said that was so crazy. Right. Then he said some shit about the Jews. They don't have a reason to forgive you man. Their loved ones are lost. I got a phone call from someone like I was working with, she won an academy award for Spotlight Nicole Rocker.


She was prying on the telephone. Billy, she said, you're not gonna do a school with this asshole. Are you like a He was doing the Donda schools. Yeah. And he was saying they wanted to do, 'cause I was doing a lot of stuff in in Houston with the independent school district. Yeah. And he was like, yo, maybe we build a school together. And I was like, yeah, yeah maybe when shit die down too hot nigga you got the fans all along. Right. No, I'm just thinking in my head Gil, it can't be a bad thing to build a fucking school. Right, right, right. No matter how you say it. But nigga we gotta wait. Right. We gotta wait until this shit cool off man. What the fuck are you talking about right now? Don't bring me this shit now. Shit. Calls me, said you're not gonna build to school. He asshole are you?


I'm right. No, no I'm not gonna build to school. I said that we, not that there's no plans for the school. I just said it because he said this, but she was crying on the phone because she was really hurt by what he said and there's no apology. Like where's the apology at for her individually, if she's hurt individually there's no way to fix it. That shit. So I stay away from that. That was my lesson in in that because I know c certain areas you could tap into that you can't repair it. Like, I don't know have a way to repair that for that person.


Like You know what I mean. Let me ask you this, what advice you have? We have a hydration drink called Pure Fuel. Right? you know it's a fish drink at a 76 ish 50 drink of Chicago Sky. What advice could you give us from having Vitamin Water? What type of game could you give us and how did you go about with the, the Vitamin Water thing and how did You put it on the table? First of all, We ain't got it right Here. We don't got it. We gotta put it on the table when we doing the interviews and shit like that because just having it present your lifestyle, that's what they wanna follow. You got motherfuckers that starting a podcast because of your podcast. It take like I, they want that like whatever they see you have it not not in you.


Like when when we put it on a commercial like shit like that, it gets the least amount of lights when it's a professional picture. Absolutely. When it's casually in your lifestyle, they look at it and go, what's that? You'll see a nigga with the shirt you had on. They'll see the choice. This is the perfect choice. Well I'm from a, a white shirt says I'm clean. That's a statement. You made a statement. Not everybody Where we from is clean. When we decide something, design This ain proud of shit that cost. We know the difference in the cost of a regular fucking pro club White T-shirt and a and a Prada shirt. Right. Right.


And that's, it's both a choice but it's an actual cool option every time just being cleaners, you know? Yeah. And decide I wanna do the store some fresh plates and I'm like, go out like this. Well it's hot as a motherfucker out here. It's 120 degrees out this motherfucker. But yeah, it's an option. Yeah. you know what I'm saying? Like we gonna see that and people make the choice. How did you get in the Vitamin Water? How did you get in? I look, I wonder, I was walking down the aisle in the supermarket and I saw spring water and the spring water was 2 69 and it was from Poland Spring and then I saw Spring Water and it was for 59 CENT. And I was like, I know I wouldn't know the difference. I wanna sell water. I wouldn't care if I was 79 CENT in the middle.


But then we stumbled over a Vitamin Water at the time it was privately owned, it was in Queens and they understood the momentum To the Oh so it was already existing. It was You went in for Equity. Yeah. when I got in and they had, they was providing stock options for employees at Point. So I was able to buy some of the options from other employees 'cause people would go to work nine to five. They living the now. Yeah. Right. If you say there is a deal right now where I could move to a new house and Junior can have his own room and but five years from now it could be this. Now gimme now gimme now How long did it take to pop from when you walked into it till you sold it? Till y'all sold it?


I think it was two and a half years after we got involved. But, and the momentum of me publicly at that point was monsters. Like, you know, I look before I came out with get Richard d trying the most, I seen African American male artists sell as a solo artist. Yeah. Was Tupac wore eyes on me. It was a double cd. 6 million they sold. Yep. 6 million copies. They made it a diamond record. 12 million copies. But and and that six it was like at five at that point and grew to six. Yeah. At that point. So now if you look, when you see me come and do 13 million records on Dang the Marshall on Give Rich or Die Trying, it's a monster of a price 10 at that in the early stages. Right.


So and then slow goes the other three like Trump will get shot and it go up 250% and many men will play again because it's relevant to what many men killing them right now. Yeah. It still works. Like it's because those circumstances are not gonna go away. It's gonna be so new. Understanding the feeling now. Yeah. Understanding the motivation and why you wrote the record. Like and then it goes, oh no, it's a whole different feeling to it, a whole different context because they watched that. But the same scenario. Now you said you Master P you said Russell Simmons who three other black guys in the game That's big that helped you Help Jay Jay's definitely Jay helped you.


Yeah. How Did you as a competitor Explain That? Yeah. 'cause he never was someone that would you communicate with that you're like friends with the person. But I always respected him because he, he, he was never a, an actual competitor. An actual fact he was someone who was a competitor through Perception. He continued to sustain his perception of him through errors of artists. J was selling more records than Jay-Z Yeah, I know Juvenile thinks sold more records than Jay-Z Juvenile sold more. A lot of niggas gave and sold more records than him in the period that he still sustained some sort of cool Yeah.


About that nigga. Yes. That he was able to, to hold on that and then that, you know, feeling that way. I mean it is a part of how you carry yourself when you perceive yourself highly. Yeah. You can project that energy and people can agree. Yeah. Alright, so Jay, that's number three. Yeah. Jay and then who? Na p Russell J two more In hip hop. Just in the culture. Black folk. Any black folk. Just to watch shit I I learned from Oprah. Okay. Damn Oprah. 'cause she, she, oh tell shows have targeted demographics.


Yeah. Her audience, if you look at Oprah win views audience, it was middle aged white woman. Yeah. Because her, the way she's views, even though they escaped the fact that she was an African American woman in front of her. Yeah. Because she was so successful when she said things and it was the way they thought. They said, oh I think like a billionaire. And they make, because she's, once we put you a billionaire and then you say things and you think exactly the way they think they go, oh, she's a billionaire. She's amazing. I love Oprah. Yeah. So it's harder to go against people that connect to that demographic. 'cause that's our actual audience.


It's easy to smash Russell. It's easy to smash fucking Michael Jackson. It's easy to smash when they fuck up. You, you're dead nigga they going hit you with the kill shot. You understand? But we didn't see that for Weinstein. We didn't see that for our chef. The chef was, you know, they was cooking, they had some issues and shit like that. We didn't see different things and I, I kind of saw getting ready to get Russell and I was like, damn, we ain't got nobody left. Who, who the last person to help you. I, that'll be five. The last person Help me. Look. Look, these are people that I learned from from a distance too. It's not like that. I Ain't nobody over them man.


Dr. Dre and Eminem. Yeah. Those, they helped me. Really the only, I can only point to those two people. 'cause creatively they got it. So you gotta understand he came in the game. He was the outlaw man. Yeah. Like I, nobody wanted to help him until he dropped from that fucking ceiling upside down and that shit did numbers Until oh shit. Now I was like, then The motherfucker said, oh, the change of his pendulum. So now the motherfuckers that was fucking with them, they willing to fuck with you now because you Bigger. How did the Eminem first encounter go when he first got with you? It Was wild. It felt like, what did He mean? How did it happen? Remember that shoulder had punk on mv. Yeah. Punk. Yeah. I thought they had cameras and it was gonna come out and say you've been punk. Where was y at? What city was was your at? I was in California. You flew me to la Right.


I came out, I was so bugged out from the experience that I came through the airport with the vest and shit on For I, I'm lucky I took the shot plate out the front of the joint because when I I came through, it didn't. But the lawyer that I had with me that took me to him, I get there, he like, yo, gimme hug. You feel about this shit. Like, yo, this is gonna be the biggest shit. Right. He's like, yo, so excited, yo, that it made me question whether what was happening was happening was right.


'cause I just wasn't so used. It's so, it felt so good that it couldn't be like, right. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And I'm like, yo, nah, I, And when I left that meeting, I didn't want him to feel like he bought a problem. So I wouldn't say anything about Ja Rule. Yeah. I kept it. I didn't say one day. How Long did the meet last? It was like when I met him. The first night I met him, he was, he had an event. It was the Marsha Mathers LP just came out the first week. He sold 1.7 million records and he was so excited about me that I'm looking like you serious. you know what I'm saying?


Like, yo. And by the time I got back and I would, I would never say anything about John until the first time I said something about John. I made a mistake and said something about Hailey. When he said something about Hailey. He thought that they made some sort of kind of connection when they was getting high or some shit like that. And I'm like, m like what the fuck made him think like this? Like it was, and I'm like, it was a Friday, Friday evening. M didn't record that Friday. I recorded that Friday, that Saturday, that Sunday he came back. I had a full cd, automatic gunfire. It was the mix. My whole mixtape, automatic gunfire was done Monday morning he was listening. He going, yo, when did y'all get a chance to damn all this shit?


This was this weekend. Like I was dying to do that. I just didn't want him to feel like he brought a problem because I knew he didn't understand the severity of what, what, who, who I am is. you know, like it's, it's a little different. Like for me it's like the consequences is you did nigga, it's not enough to talk about. Yeah. I, he didn't, I understand that he was just, this is, he was listening to the material. He was listening to the music and this shit is hot. Hey shit, this shit is hot. How much money did he give you for that first deal? I got a million dollars cash At the taxes. The only person that pointed out to a million dollars was no money, was them and Dash.


And he has no money now. I only, no, I only felt that, you know, because he said there ain't no money. Like after you get you a watch a chain and you look out for the homies and you do this, then it's nothing. Right. And I was like, nigga, I'm from 134th Street. I mean now is a Lot of money. Right. I think I hit the ladder. Right. Why you gonna say is no money like that? It was, and I just never forgot that because of how it felt. Was that the only offer you got where any other labels offered you? I met with everybody. I no clue there's a storm.


All of them is because I wanted them to say they was doing the deal with me. First thing they did when they came in, scheme came in with him. He said, yo, we talked to the wolves. They said it's okay to talk to you. You think I do a deal with a nigga? They gotta ask somebody if it's okay. What other labels you done to deal with? What other name brand labels that, that, that, that offered you a deal? Dino. Dino Devale, universal D Vale Universal. They offered me a deal for the whole collective, like they wanted my solo album and then the G albums. Yeah. Because I started making the tapes, but I didn't make the tapes until Ella was just talking about this recently. He was talking about Paradise. I wrote the chorus to Paradise Charmel sung the, the, the reference vocals.


And then a Marie got it and turned into what it, what it is now. But I don't know why he was, was struggling with the, the idea of people feeling like I wrote for him. 'cause I fuck about writing for LL Cool J Bro. Like that nigga was so far ahead of my career, right? Like I love Hello Coach J. Like I don't want him to ever feel like I want something or discredit him in any way. Like that that nigga was like, like dog you mad. Like yeah. Like you was my mama said knock you out. Like dude, don't fuck with me man. Don't make me feel like that because I don't need to feel like that. 'cause I has nothing in it for me. Right. To take credit for anything that he's done. you know what I'm saying?


Like, I'm like, what? Nah. But I did write records over for him. Yeah. I I felt like his, his his his a and r person let him pick records and his ear was too mature. Yeah. You picking old school shit. This is what's working right now. Right. Listen to these music. Do your version of that to this Music. right. And people will hear something different relate to they can do that dance that they're doing right now. That same bop to that Right. To that joint. Right. You just went on tour after all these years and you sold a shit load of shit. Load of tickets. Yeah. My audience is rich. Your audience is what? Yeah.


You are rich. If you was in college in 2003 when I came out and the music came on and everybody agreed to have a good time, people disagree on everything. Right. But they agree to have a good time when the music come on. We can't tell that they don't like each other. Right. Right. You had this experience. This girl, she just got a license and a her whole control of her pussy. Right. She decided she'd give it to who she want to and she decided she wanted to give it to you. It's the greatest moment of your life right now. Look when this is happening and you connected to me. 'cause musically my music is playing later. Everything that we do at one point in our life, we do it differently in another point.


Right. So let's say you would go to a sports bar or you would go to a nightclub or you would go to the drink, you would have at dinner. You start to have that wine cellar or that bar in your house and you have that drink in the privacy of your home. Because socially if you went to the nightclub, you would be hanging out with your kids. I look when I look, I saw this last tour. I saw Bad Bitches. I was like, oh this bitch is bad. Damn girl. The only difference between this tour and my other tours, that's when I looked this to. I said, damn, where's your mother? Yes. Where the fuck is your mother? That little motherfucker pretty, where's your mother?


I know your mothers man. Your Motherfucker mother look good Than them. Look that little motherfucker is 20, 23 years old. What? You get the fuck outta Your mother gotta be five. Your Mother gotta your mama's ready. Yeah. And she know I've been winning for so long. She should win with me. Well Man, we appreciate We gotta get Outta release. We Gotta get out man. Make sure your cop, everything that up You got going on man. Check out all the serious stay come shit. Action is coming. When when is 50 Action coming. Action is coming Free. All free Content. Free tv, free TV free, free 50 action. Boom. Get with it man. Ain't nothing this nigga can't do with, it's just like that.


Right.