
Hey. Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast. Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right The same size man. Hey. And tell them, tell them tell. Check their numbers. Check your numbers. When you My face is under this bigger, the biggest artist in the biggest one to come out. Come on here. I'm just accent man. Come on man. Come on man.


You gotta see episode on man. You gotta see my episode. Huh? We need to know. We need to know. Nigga.


This episode of me and I was Mworthofgame is brought to you by JackPocket. America's number one lottery app. JackPocket lets you order lottery tickets like Powerball Mega Millions, right on your smartphone. So you just whip your phone out right there. Powerball Mega Millions right in the palm of your hand. Download JackPocket. New customers get first power or mega million tickets for free. So if this your first time using JackPocket, whip your phone out right now. What you got to lose? Hmm? Your first ticket is free. All you gotta do is use code GILLIE. That's Code GILLIE only on GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska. 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2. Non withdrawable credit Prize amount may differ at time of drawing terms. JackPocket dot com slash tos slash free dash ticket promo slash Rich.


Fuck I ain. Them niggas don't wanna work out. Fuck niggas wanna work out Niggas is crazy, crazy outta nowhere personal shit because you not niggas say so. He just rich nigga. I'm like what's that? Like what happened? Not saying anything man. Anything smoke man. Niggas don't, don't wanna work out. No they don't. Nigga don't wanna out. He gonna work out though.


But that's his ritual for years. You going to tell Tony yell, I'm smoking weed. I'm chilling. Leaving me fucking alone. Y'all didn't, he didn't have a name to until y'all started Kush up. He turned into Cals. You turned weed into Cals. You the book Yo. Come on man. Come on man. Don't be clocking my, see no, you trying to clock my situation man. Yourself trying to clock my situation man Brother, I gotta get you a million dollars worth gang. What's up bro? Definitely do man. Definitely Do brother. You said some deep the other day about your personal life. You said down with my on the internet. Dude, that was some real deep, he killed that joint. I got him saved in my phone. I appreciate that jam. He killed him with that. Yo get Mind taking A flick.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Come on let kick that with you brother. You supposed to be in It. Oh yeah. My fault. Yeah, no tripping. If I was rapping back in the day, me, you would've been, I I'd have been a bigger rapper than You. I told you was Listen, listen, listen, listen. A nigga came to Y with a homemade G white dude. How you get that man? He made that. You know they be, I was 50 Lewis. Man listen, I'm telling you 50. I'm telling you I had a song going at 50 if I was a rapper back in the Murder Because you was soft.


You ain't hold us down like Philly. Fuck. Hey murder. You ain't hold Philly down nigga. I win that 50 back in the day got in man. He wasn't Gonna stop man. What? It's 25 years Later he still petty. Petty Murphy. Petty Murphy. He still holding Man it's over. Man is retired And all the senior citizen. He'll just throw s Slung one day. You come down your timeline. You still senior center ho chill. He a graveyard. He still, he's still killing him. I said you this when you was talking to the kids. Yeah. What he is like a low key, a motivational speaker. Oh I was, Oh when I snapped out he said I was on Coke. Yeah he was.


He said yo, they sent you weird. They All the same. They laughing at you because you weird. You laughing at them because they all the Same understand man I used negotiated. That's why. That's why your rap ain't work because you was one time. Me and GI was together. I The bag. Whoa, listen you Jacuzzi. Hey you be trying to slide out a lot of shit. Nah, not me. You heard Be he be quiet around him.


He he, He was at the parties Crazy. I hate he already know how to work this nigga. He Up. Yeah, he that's how you do. But ye's are legendary. He needed a cartoon man. All the stories from back in the day. He, he go crazy. A Cartoon some shit. Throw it on your network cartoon. You gotta throw the promo in there at all the time. The network Tell him about the network real quick. Tell him how free content is on the network. Tell him Oh you forgot 1800, $1,800 Sinatra baby you gotta check it out. I wasn't even doing a promo. I was just No, but still I, I'm Telling you put on the app, you got so much money.


I Was chilling. He said nigga sell something. Sell something. Is he doing In action Baby. That was the number one channel all Roku right now out. What made you think of This? No, I was trying to get get ready so I got, I don't have to answer to nobody. All the other networks is telling me what they want to buy to put on and I know what culturally would work right now and if I could put that out it becomes musty tv. It becomes like you have to watch this check because it too much that connects with what's going on is on there. See what I'm saying? That's like look you say Lot got podcast. Yeah it ain't million dollars worth a game. Nope.


Their personalities is is the difference who they are. See 'cause you can't be cool like this. You can't play basketball like this. Do all this other, they got nothing to do with podcasting. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? But they can't do all that other and you look and go like I I homie playing ball and shit like that. I'm looking going could have been to the league if he was there With Monica. Monica told me I could yo You don Monica. Monica told me I could sing. No she told me that. I said don't tell me because I'm gonna tell, I'm be like Mom what's up Monica just told me I could sing. She ain't tell you nothing like that boy.


I'm telling you that Mom you hate. 'cause my mom hate too. My mom. I Can't. Monica Say I'm telling everybody when get back everybody said you'd be singing out loud. No, it's the same thing. You know in neighborhoods we hear different you can hear different you from the ghetto. We ain't got the same joint. Everything in the ghetto get Remixed wasn't the first. Everybody get re Man Monica said I can sing telling I'm telling Nanny that soon as I get back she's like, she ain't tell everybody gonna be like I'm lying. You ain't. So once you get old you ain't got too much to talk about. You know what else it is too. It's y'all being willing to go into the neighborhoods. We in t different shit.


That's the difference in that. Me but I watching nigga they Not going Be project At 1130 at night. Here the baby is one of the thrillest individuals I ever ran into. Yeah, he's a silent individual. They, they canceled my man. He called this. I said they canceled You Don. No listen, no you can't. We gotta, we we control culture. How can somebody cancel you on culture? We are coming down here to interview you. How somebody gonna cancel us? How the we letting people cancel us. They look at like, you know what it is, it's peers like third NBA young boys. The different, they all got that street in in a PC and they looked at his, he made bigger records.


He made pop like rockstar not, I don't wanna say bigger records 'cause they feel feel uncomfortable. But he made pop records that went to top 40 and crossover radio. Yeah. They changed the way they perceive him. Yeah. So once you do like, like a rock star And all this other, they going oh no you can't say that. It's like certain thresholds that they go, nobody calls you to notify you that you in a different category because you record. You know what I'm saying? He is doing what the rest of them, you know what I'm saying? Like nobody knows you did you just get there and then it's like you didn't know you was on this side. Yeah. You better, We don't be knowing though. We don't be knowing though if nobody call you and say you know you on another Level.


Right. Right. Because you just, yeah you register indifferent because this record is going here and this is what you know. And then they jumped on him and I, I I didn't like it 'cause my, my smoke when, when Madonna was that she wanted to see him go to put him to bed. That's really why I would say shit about Madonna. We never knew that I didn't like that she was putting sleep for said but you know he don't know. He just got here. Yeah. Every time you think like boo boo crazy. He so he is another level Real was coming at me down.


Nobody knew nothing about that. I didn't know.


This episode with a million dollars worth a game is brought to you by GAMETIME Playoffs are here and there's no better time to get out to some games with the help of Gametime, the official ticket partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love GAMETIME now that they're brand new Gametime pick features. They're making it even easier to get to games. Gametime pick filters out the fluff to show you incredible deals on great C So You don't have to waste time searching through thousands of seats and and tickets. You don't gotta waste no time. They, they like they get the fluff straight out of there. Wait, I ain gonna show you this. We gonna show you the best available tick tickets, seats, prices and everything. GAMETIME. What are we talking about? You know what I mean? I just got some tickets for Gametime for the Super Bowl. Mm Super Bowl tickets Gametime. Show me the best, best prices. Woo whip gimme those. So just pull up the any chosen event and turn on the G the GAMETIME picks setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime pick deals near you on Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? Go to GAMETIME right now. Get those tickets. Hear me. Gametime picks the best picks in the country. When you need some seats, take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account and use code dollars for 20% off your first purchase. Terms terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem code. Spell out D-O-L-L-A-Z for 20% off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime. Woo.


Yeah but that's really what the motivation was. Real crazy. Ask him. He knows That's crazy. Motherfucker trying to put your lights out Fucker it all good. Nah nah. Can't be 63. Can't be like a 63. You 63. We might change it up. That's what up. You gotta know when to pivot. You gotta go with something different. Right. Can't keep doing the C. That's All I was saying But I had to say it. I had to say it because he was trying to put a nail in his golf in that day And then that's I got behind one of the records 'cause he had put, see what happens is when in the beginning it's, it's so organic that your records could just, you can do everything wrong with a record and it still go where it's supposed to go in the beginning.


'cause they're deciding you knew and they're finding you the audience. After you establish yourself as an established artist, you cannot work without a plan. It has to come out and be orchestrated properly for you to have the hit. That's why I wanna say look when you talking about Drake su the Universal. They did everything Drake's saying they did. They did it but they did it for Drake too too Ben doing that. You see what I'm saying? They did that. That's the way the business works. Then Push the button for you. No I was was already headed that way. So much groundwork was SW over. I don't know he Did push because nobody push under them. Nigga That was the but that was the big but Red one That was fucker like this nigga I ain gonna touch only Hold up, Hold up.


I'm not you laughing. Gil was doing shows and bars and shit. That's why I'm trying to figure out. That's what I'm Saying. No but no you you saying so now you got me thinking they push the button for anybody. No, no, no. But what I'm saying, I'm you in the beginning before I was I did this stick the cash money Rough outta talk right? Yeah but before they opened the curtain I was, me and Ye was coming out before the show started. Yeah. I only had how to Rob at that point. Like I was coming. TK Kirkland was the host. I'll never forget it 'cause it was like the first real like tour. This when it had the helicopter juvie was 400 degrees was on fire.


Fire. Yeah you going Don't forget what I told you yo Man he dope man. This kid right here dope. He man I like it. You Get that exchange information with him. Oh no Ain ain't got no oh no. Be honest though. Next time y'all ever come to Carolina. No I'm the one that got the remix with the Baby Kera. Kera got my information. Does you know what time it is? Oh y'all definitely What time you doing? I Definitely see you man. You got Smoking a do But no this whole twist I'm now you got me.


I be looking at that shit like everybody got the button pushed on him. I don't Know. No but look what saying in the beginning you can get that momentum can grow and it can be coming but it could take time 'cause because it's like the first record the the our coaches are saying him, the kids are finding those people and it's starting to go. But then afterwards you gotta have the marketing. They gotta have a plan. See like fifth, nobody didn't want to touch him. Right. They would stand away from me. But once you get with Eminem, he's a big in the game all that out the window because him walking you in and there they ain't gonna say you wanna put him out. We putting him out. We get fuck who Didn't want you in the Super Bowl?


You still coming because them But they really didn't want you on the Super Bowl. No he didn't Want me to Everything up crazy. They want You there. Didn't want me there Hanging on the ceiling. But that's, I'm mad it was a that tried to pull That. They tried to pull that move. You think home. That's crazy man. It's All right though. When you charge of that thing, that's that one thing you enjoy. Super Bowl cur that show If I'm in charge of, They just made the Super Bowl for Christmas.


You seen the Christmas show on Netflix? Yeah. You know how much money they got for that? They Supposed to do that though Bro. But it never happened before. So they that's this is why they Netflix that never. Oh no. You gotta go back now and say why was the NFL continuing to support Support with all the confusion going on in the media and maybe it's all of that found money right there from, that's from Netflix. 'cause this is the Beyonce that Super Bowl money has real money. Yeah. You making the kind of money that you Yeah That's serious man. I'm in support too. Us make that Much money for us. I'm like hey sit down with us.


Yes That Beyonce before Beyonce Bowl nigga word name Some whole That was deep too know I mean subscribers, they got new subscribers just to watch that. Right. I'm always worrying about subscriptions when I look at he know I just be, he be like, you always worried about dumb shit. No I'm not. How many subscriptions do they get from this? If they got this for this here go the different plans. You know how many people watched it just for this subscribe and they not gonna turn. They not going. They not going have Rocket Money and cut off or whatever. It's gonna keep hitting every money. Yeah. Like Gotcha. We missing it. I said we missing something here. But it is consistency because when they consistently find something decent to check out and every time you're there they go.


Now let me just subscribe instead of popping in to see each one. Right. Once or twice you do that. Like I look once and look again to see what's going on with S Boring because I'm just looking at YouTube and I'm trying to keep up with what's going on in culture. Like even the new artists like New Rapper, I won't click. I'm looking at his little video brand new. So I'm like, I don't know, do you pick him up or do we sign him to a subsidiary somewhere or something Or or see the only thing be you be looking saying is he really like that because a lot of them they're saying the same. Yeah, Repetitive. I'm listening to the book. Right. And you said I always, I said I called him, I said you a dickhead.


Right. I called this dude. I said 'cause you a dickhead because you said Gil, one of the first mistakes Gil made was not signing the G unit. Right. I didn't think it would work 'cause he ain't had no muscles. He wasn't a snitch. He couldn't win a 50 cent beat. He couldn't win a white. Right. He would've been able win a white. He he had a baggie G on a white on shit would've been bag. So I'm like, I'm like why would he wanna sign him because I think he was trash. Right. Just telling him he was trash. He would've Peter lost his money. Why? But now C Gil now saying you think that was one of the crazy mistakes he made? Not sounding. Nah, He had it. He had, he was already was nice bro. Don't front on him. That's why it seems like you Just a Nah. Nigga was nice At that point. He would've was Oh shit.


Y'all used to write his raps. You did? Yeah. M yo you could just Sit out was trash. I RevB the bars. He No, but see the real shit happened. I'm in in jail. Right. So you know Soul Train used to come on still when he came up. We gave us all that back then. So that's come on Cedar, you remember Cedar on BET And they through the videos. I'm in the joint right. And we in the day room this video come on. And I'm like I'm telling you about yo. So my cousin man we we in, we made it like since you down you don't know that.


I'm like, y'all really think I don't know this. So I called on the way. Yo, tell somebody send the pictures up man. Because you know what jail you gotta show you pictures. Like told this my people man Damn. I listen basically. So basically he was another until he got some pictures of Big cousin then he do know I'm gonna tell my cousin what you say? I, I ain gonna fry.


I said yo cousin, what the fuck is you doing? Get up here Sunday. They got the picnic. Come on come up here this week. He came up here. Right. There's no, I ain didn't even know I ain gonna fry. I'm so happy to see him. He came up here and bump some chick with me. Right. Oh you know did the picnic. You slide over and get busy. I'm so happy to see this. The whole time he waited in the visit. He done told everybody in the jail. I'm his cousin so I'm He don't wanna go get No you didn't tell me nigga you ain't telling me the you ain't tell me shit was d Why you think I brought a picture? I didn't know why the was there. Fuck is you talking about? So I said you You don't wanna go like Damn I come to see go let, go talk to him man. You talking about Yeah. So I'm like man got some. This ain't no it was


crazy. Finn. This episode of me and Osworth for Game is brought to you by Draftings. This ain't the little itty bitty teeny tiny bowl. Nah, nah nah. Just the Super Bowl. Get in on the action at Draft King Sports book. An official sports book betting partner of the Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdowns is a key to hoisting Vince Lombardi trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at DraftKings Sports Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting something simple as a player. To score a six, go to draft King sports book app and make your pick DraftKings New customers bet $5 to be $5. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. Just that. And you get 200 and bonus bets instantly when you download the Sportsbook app and use Cole GILLIE. That's Cole GILLIE for New customers to get 200 and bonus bets instantly when you jet bet just five bucks. So what you waiting on? Get your phone out. Come on. I know you was on some of them other raggedy apps. No, no, no, no. Come on over the DRAFTKINGS. Come on. Come on. Come get this money. Come on. Have $5. Use the code and get 200 in bonus bets and bonus bets instantly. What we talking about? Download the Drafting sports book app and use the code GILLIE the crown is yours. Wear it. Wear it well. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus beds expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot


co slash audio. Hey I didn't know what was going on. Good right? Good. You don. Shit something going on here. I start going up the nigga 'cause you know nigga see me in New York Day. You was some Gil. Hey man getting busy. Is he What you ain't you ain't asked nobody nigga no Marlo. No he ain't nothing. I'm like ain't asking nobody you don't want.


I give you props at one time. That's it. Other than that Ain't no more props. Listen Pete though, he gonna tell you by the time first when he first started raping he ain't want a rap. I take him to the studio. See I started major figures. I said come on we gonna start this group 'cause so he wouldn't even did time. Yeah so I take him to the block party. He what He think I said listen we gotta do some a promo run. We go do the block party. We got like four or $500. He don't know 'cause he new artist. I'm like this a promo joint nigga. That's why I stuffed that $400 on you net. Petty ass nigga. I stuffed that 400. He does. I watched this, he do this so he could think he You don go down like This.


I did that shit. He He thinking he going Why you ain't get your money? Fuck I should say back to this nigga. That Nigga just see the dumb shit. No but when he tell me on it he tell me. He tell me when he in jail. Right. I ain't gonna lie to you. He said Yeah man you getting. I said what 50 of them niggas nigga I'm already g on the prison. Go sign with that nigga. He tell said no man we gotta figure the damn it don't go like that. I said fuck I just sign and get in the game. This nigga heard 50 cent name right in prison. Right. Get in the game. He the contracts And everything. Just get out with them niggas. I'm calling from jail. You know when you in jail you smarter than everybody else on the street. You know soon the nigga in jail.


They deep, they deep. Listen, tell put everybody on the phone. I'm calling them all. I tell him, nigga listen nigga I be reading, I be reading Donald Passman all you need to know about the music business. I know the, you don't know the I got a lawyer, that lawyer go sign with the right now tonight. Get that shit done. Was the time, the time that was happening at the label at that point in it Scope They was in a place where it wasn't the top of the year if you remember it was like the third, fourth quarter. Yeah. And they didn't have what they would have to just invest and I was getting Tubby at the time. Tubby was, he was who he got right now he's with I think he with Well that's the other time. Yeah He got, he got what's his name?


Think he was Epic or wasn't. I think he got Cardi. They might, he might. He might. Okay. Card. I'm saying they they he take care of that. But what's his name at the time The budget was I'm like yo and I'm like yo nah just, just do it 'cause he actually would've been a junior affiliate but sign an Interscope. Yeah But but but this But just think you could have signed this, got his masters anything for 10,000 in the spinning chain. Do you? Yeah but he went to What I can get the spinning chain. The spinning chain. What? What I'm in joint. I'm in the joint. That joint spinning. That shit was like the master hold now they throw the rims in there.


The spinning gave me the spinning chain in the rims up the spinning chain in the rims. Oh Gimme a set of rims man. Let's get it this at this. Get ready fucking I just put it on man head. I gotta shot. I started to come out with the bulletproof vest on, on that Shit. On Hey re get real, real, real. Come on on, come on. Re Come on re You using baby on there too? Hell yeah. Niggas his baby money coming these nigga. That's real baby oil.


Ain. We gonna make sure you got the camera. We gonna make sure you got Baby look that's coconut oil nigga. I don't do the baby Oil over. I'm just saying you Gotta ladder up. You gotta be shiny for him. Make sure They, You Gotta rub. You know what I'm saying? Just the video put real quick. What the video for sure. What? A video right Here. Video right here. Talk what I'm saying. Look, look you see what's going on. Hey welcome to the billion dollar baby birthday bash. Man I got the goat in the building yo. You see what I'm saying? I got the goats, the pioneers See what's going on. This new age podcasting a game. I watched this pop out and got damn built from nothing.


I watched these, they pulled up on me every single time. The first time they pulled up on me I was the hottest in the world. Yes. The second time they pulled up on me, they was me over. Look, look when I got canceled I had just met 50 a week before. He was supposed to say get me the away from that. He ain't do that. Look, look when you down you find a god damn brother. When you up you find a fake S friend. Believe that being dollar baby birthday. I just wanna say this 50, this Madonna four. You don't even know that nigga. Trust me He wanted to do more. I like nah supposed I'm gonna get the Anytime I see him I tell him the same thing.


Is a guy Boo Boo. It is Petty Murphy. Petty Murphy. This thing is crazy. Yeah I do something til one of y'all. We Ain't going. What time you going up? Oh that's you working out? Okay. Shit gotta be Right. That's big Money here. You think it look like it's gray. If you didn't, Why you, Why do you gray man? Why Do you think fifth main move was like this Trying to keep all They trying to keep that tight. That's why you'd be doing that. You was trying to keep the new baby. Oil should Start looking gray if you ain't got nothing On it. The nigga's got the new baby oil. Come on man. It's going down.


Say baby oil, first of all you ran through 8,000 Jars of him in prison Endorsement deals. You know he know how to sell something nigga. I could've done this for you. Thank you. He was as you Larry relax. Still got everybody looking. Oh my God Man Hell crazy man. You Show in Germany man. I'm ready Go a tour in Germany. Yo. This nigga was the funniest nigga ever who searched this. What's up on Gimme what you owe me?


I don't want no smoke bro. You don. I ain seen the first time. I ain't seen the lawyer I've never seen you without. Is the lawyer at tonight? Sure. Okay lemme get to it. I have him come get you bro. Appreciate y'all 50 running around with the lawyer. Huh? Remember All that means is he get a different type of money. Million Dollar retain every year I get a million to lawyer. A million dollars just in case. Yeah. Yeah nigga I don't need call you in case you with me Now.


What's his name not from me and 'cause I got him the general counsel. Yeah. Kind hired him so I'm not paying hourly. Yeah That's me. Imagine imagine when, when, when, when this Jewish older white man gotta tell his lawyer baby I gotta go to the club 50 Babe. I at a show. I'm at a show with fifth tonight. Yeah we got a concert in Charlotte. Gotta go the we gotta go. She probably Nigga Been here Man. I don't really like this said man because you know fifth South Paul.


That's how you get nigga murder Like a nigga said he hit him man. Then he he came in a hotel screamed Murder. We ain't do that. This episode of me, I Mworthofgame is bought to you by New Amsterdam Vodka now life ain't going your way. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your wife cheating today. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. Oh the Eagles beat the commanders today. Shout a New Amsterdam.


Vodka is the official vodka of bars through sports though. It's distilled five times. It's filtered three times for a clean crisp finish. You could drink it it straight up. You could drink it on the rocks juice soda or you can make a classic new Amsterdam mule. But when you out and about at your local liquor store, you know what you do, you get you some New Amsterdam Vodka. You hear me and you take it to the crib. Shout out to my wife. They be cocktailing it up at the house. Dawn they thing I call it the new Amsterdam queen. Do Do What's up baby. But shout out, shout out to New Amsterdam Vodka, the official vodka bars through sports and simply the best vodka on the market. Right Man dog.


I said this, I couldn't stop laughing man. I said this is crazy. And then the faces he be me. Crazy, Crazy man. You see he got that live of performance out of him. Man that was my female was crazy. He was saying no the whole time Right now man. Nah, Soon the beat came on. Soon as the beat came on. Come on man. That's your, that's your best verse. He said nah I ain't doing that. I ain't doing that. Nigga said actually he says that nigga is a comedian man. Crazy man. Nigga got A man lot shit. You been in a lot of shit your whole life.


Yeah. Yeah. But he a lot of it he he do it with Not with ill intention. Yeah. But he just do. I love man he funny man. I wouldn't tell him to slap the man kid. That's not me Girl. That's not What I do. Crazy. You do. That's Not me. That's not what I do. But look, Look here, say this on the back head. But then on the front end you should have protected babies. You protect your baby. You didn't do the right thing. Rick James. Shit Rick James, you know Rick James? He was like, yeah, yeah I shouldn't have done it. I done it. But it's how he's saying crazy.


You don real shit. He's just, Nah, it's a lot of out there. They look, they think because the dude is tough maybe. And I, I watched, I watched them fall into leadership positions without actually having leadership skills or abilities. It's just 'cause they're peer, it's just this person has got some energy to 'em that draws you to 'em. Even though he got a, his, his mom's his work at work. So he got a free apartment that they could play the games at like that. And he know some girls, they invite girls over and they hang out. So everybody cool over they cri then he become important to us. Right. To us. You know what I'm saying? Like look, be making them look at him like they believe us. But like even when I said with Jaffy know they, they'd be top Tiger be like like but he was that before like any any blood CC any of that.


Like he was already, they had already appointed him that. Right. Because they just viewed him that way. Right. And he was in the same age group. I didn't understand it but I was like, nah, that's just how it is. And I left it. I didn't just leave it like that. Yeah. Everybody's here. But yo Jaffy tells you chill out because he already made you the guy. I'm going give tell the I said chill out. Yeah. Instead of talking to them directly because I know that they're already listening to you. And then if, if you going Yeah, like you going like you see this a lot of times if they leaders they gotta lead them somewhere where they they they get the win. Where's the win at?


It ain't never been a win around the way. No, I don't, I've never seen like far as gang coaches concern. I haven't seen, I've seen success around it. Like people who were tied to it that left and done things and was successful in in their own right. But I've never seen it be successful All Together. Right. As an idea for, 'cause they're all together initially they actually kill or fend off all other crews Trying to come down here To be the goat. Right. Right. And then you going, the people that become prominent or or become a a, a greater focus, they get knocked off in the process. If if they don't get knocked off, they knock themselves off knocking someone else off.


Damn. In that process. You know what I'm saying? And it and it, it's a, it's a I cycle. But you look at it and you go, if they, if they could establish what a win is, a photo, then they could possibly see if they got a, if we make, if we headed in the right direction. Because I don't know what the goal is. Yeah. Because why is we doing this? Right. I never got it because you know, certain areas growing up, they didn't have gangs, certain cities certain, oh we from this block we were 24th street. We we just saying we cool. This is Our neighborhood on that block. Yeah. We proud to be from here. It wasn't like I'm gonna fuck you up 'cause you from 25th street. Nah, I'm from 24th. Yeah. Yeah. And it is like, but then when the gang thing took over it was like everybody representing the gang and don't know why they represented.


Yeah. And then they, the importance comes through violence. The value is in like I watch the little nigga saying he ain't got no bodies. That nigga ain't even like that. That mean he not putting work in. He not running around doing. See because they don't have time. The definition of gangster when you have a clear definition of it. Right. It is he choosing to do things his way. It can be outside of the parameters of even what the justice system says. It's right. It's gangster because he choosing his own path and doing it his way. Now that guy look at you and go, what the corners made it where we, they look at acquiring your, your company, the option would be to just kill you for, to acquire, to acquire that block, that corner you got.


You know what I'm saying? If we already know somebody around you that'll take the packs, Then we look and say wallo gonna be the problem. So we gotta get wallo so Gil can run the that corner. You see what I'm saying? And, and hit him and hit him with work. And now we got, it's a part of our system that's going on like that. Not every dime. Who needs every dime of it? You just need the money they flowing through When it's flipping, it's going through. You see what I'm saying? Going through my hand. Yes. That's, that's, that was the overall. Now if you looking go from that, when it, it starts to evolve into these new guys. They, they missed it.


They missed that part. That's why they they have to, they did some game. It just wasn't seven years ago. They're talking about that just happened. The investigation is still running. Right. But, and, and, and the body ain't got no statute of limitations. Right. And that's when the stop why you think they're playing the music in court? That's the first thing they go in the door is playing the music in the court courtroom. Man, I knew we was when these young niggas made the, the shooter of the popular nigga. I said, I said in the record trying to say something the DA won't play in court. In the in in what up gangster? Yeah, because I'm already looking going what? Right. I'm not stupid.


I'm not going. Did that go back into the, okay you with certain age you just gonna rap and You gonna say it? They definitely did. I ain. Wait, Philly had the rap up. Why they come, why didn't they go Look the still It's still good. Go. There's still a lot of 'em. That's dope. That's out there bro. Like they they was good rap. I didn't hear all of the songs that they did, but I watched them and it was hoodie, like you see the white t-shirt, the hat this the, they be on the DVDs. It is the block. Shit. That's the shit I watched all of that. Like I was trying to figure out which one of them to pick up to like which one is telling me the truth. What That's the only thing. Like they was saying Coke, that the coke there was the, the the, there was a few of them.


Man, it was crazy man. I watched all of them bro. I was, I watched, I was trying to figure out who to sign outta that outta the chief wall. Had him at the office at what's his name? The Cooley Mills Reed Dollars, all of the, it was a lot of, he ain't give a fuck about how much down. Yeah. He calling down That nigga pussy. They, she really like that. Right. I'm looking because Yeah, because I gotta check on to see if they telling the truth. Because say some ultra talent tell the truth, nigga telling the truth. Rap it truth. I'm trying to figure out if he's really going through s like this could be the number one song, the Gundry note. But because what happens is he going through and he gonna up the whole relationship because The brand everything that I'm building.


Yeah. I'm just looking all Wait, what was this thing? Like he on the same time, because if, if you bring them around and you going, if they care, I'll always say this, right. I go, yo, if they adapt to, to what I'm on, like it's always been like that. Like in in the neighborhood like that. He said didn't he kill at 12 o'clock in the afternoon? Not All right, I'm going. But he had the hammer on him like that because of my situations. So it would've been a fight between him and the dude because they would've, he's looking at the other dude is looking at him like he's in the neighborhood. Like he's who he was there, he's adjusted. I got them in the firing range.


We was doing all this extra, we doing all this wh that. And it is, it's what's necessary that to be comfortable with the altercations with criminal. So that happens and it turns into a whole nother thing. But I look at it like, yo, what the, when it does happen, I kind of feel responsible for it because I know he wouldn't have had that right there with him when I had, he would've still, it would've been a time period for him to go home to go get with and by then it could have diffused or something. You see what I'm saying? But, and I'm like, oh man, tell that way he don't have to worry about nothing when he touched down, when he get back. Can't, can't do nothing about what transpire.


But that's, a lot of times niggas like that energy, you know that like there's niggas around each other. They're like, what's up if this nigga's, if you with us then you with us. If the only time I experienced it was with Hook kid, hook kid. He go, yo punk came up with up, I was running. I was like, you did what he was running, yo. He said, yeah, yeah. That's the first time I, that nigga said I'm a Dkng nigga. Oh. What Happened? Who said what? Ain ain't What the who, who I played Records how He had to run? What's going on? Pun him. See, because he was Dkng said I was in my phone for Hold up. What happened? No, Hold up. I know. Why Did he run and how many people was Ran for punting him?


Because how many people pun a no at this point they were stealing music. So the DATs like off of the the And all DATs. I remember the DATs shit. You had like, you recorded some all DATs. Yeah, they took the dat and he put it on on his tape. But This what I need to know. He ran from who? Point them. How many, how many was it Squad niggas was there? How many was, I don't even know bro. Like it don't even matter. Could even matter. Was it Five or six? There was a few of them. No, I was running two. I ran Nah, but look what I'm saying. You when he come back Right. I'm gonna go. You would've been mad at me fifth. I saying yo, you what happened fifth, the type nigga want you stand and get the shit beat out you. No, I'm saying it like this. He's rumbled like a motherfucker though. Fifth, he was if you had to, I'm not running a note for, for no 50.


They got me what I'm gonna go if you see catch me out pocket. Right. Like if he's out the window, 30 guys. Right. I'm standing inside about three or four of the niggas is really over. Yeah, when you got a whole patch of them like that. Right. I'm not going out there and they can say, oh he pussy, he didn't even come outside. But I'm gonna boom. The s right after. Right. Because you play, I'm a cynic. Let me ask you a question. You what I'm saying? I'm not gonna do that fight. What happened with kid though? No, no. He said he came back and he was like, oh ran for this, this. I'm like, you ran for him? He like, yeah, talking about this. I'm like, he didn't know how to deliver that. I done came back. Shit man, them niggas, they pulled the drones out on me man.


With the shit got crazy. They got wild son and I broke. And I'm like, yeah he, he'd be like, yeah what happened Then he'd be cool because I know how I was a master t know how to do I'm out nigga. These niggas pulled the, what's the name he had the jaw. Man what the, we gotta get. That's what I'm scared of. We gotta get, we gotta get, So now You don leave it alone. I'm like All right. No, no. He said it. Look, he said the reason why I'm saying look at it, look instead of him, I'd rather you say no. Like so I know not to respond the way we respond to everything else around his actions because he took off before they really knew exactly what he was doing.


Damn. Like, you understand what I'm saying? He selling and broke. And broke. Oh no. See now look what I'm saying. Unless it was the cop. So Now he going, he said, he said nah, unless I just Right. But look, he goes, look, he, when he took off like that gun, I'm like, yo, he said yeah, that was the, he me up here. That was the first time Respect nigga ever. He's a real one. Say that Nigga shit. And I'm like, yo nigga Crazy. He Shout out That was, but he could have lied to him. You know how many niggas lied died? Yeah, yeah. No, you Right. He Could have lied. And so now he know how to deal with I'm, I know how to deal with him. Yeah. That's if I'm gonna deal with it.


That's What happened. That's fact. And it was like, look, All right, well we need this nigga to play the music. Just let him play the music. And then I would tell everybody else, yo, You don't react to nothing with with what he's saying. He already told you he was, he gonna come here and it's going to, he will overreact. He just walked in here. Yeah. Nigga do something to, and you know how you can't let nigga do shit to, But listen, how long did you work with him after that? Watch this, watch this. How long you worked with him after that? I worked with how many years? About 20 years. Thank you. Because listen, you would lie and die. He said I'm a so you gotta respect the nigga that say here that I, that's not my life.


And he respected him and they still got money together. Dudes that come around. Yeah, man, I'm ready to Yeah. And he ain't gonna do nothing. Ah, shut up. You. Yeah. Sit there nigga. They be the first one to get, First one to run, Nigga. You get That's, that's like me. What? Fuck That. Our guilty selling wolf tickets. You don selling wolf tickets.


Fuck with this shit. I used to hear about the doing when I was in jail. He, he said I can't do what the man, man, you know how easy it is for. We need this on Sunday. Huh? We gotta do, let's go baby. I love you man. Listen. But listen.