
Hey, Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right?


This episode of Million Dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by JackPocket. You heard of ordering lottery tickets on your smartphone, so why not scratch off tickets? Well, now you can with Jackpot America's number one lottery app. They let you order scratch off tickets right on your phone. In states like Texas, Massachusetts, Ohio, Arizona, Oregon, and Colorado Jackpot is a one-stop shop for ordering national lottery tickets like Powerball or Mega Millions and scratch off tickets in select states. Download the JackPocket app to start ordering tickets today. New customers use Code GILLIE for a free Powerball or Mega Millions ticket. That's Code GILLIE. So just download, put in Code GILLIE and you get a free ticket. That ticket might win you at a hundred million or 95 million or 60 million. Whatever the Powerball, the Mega Millions is. So do not miss that opportunity. New customers use Code GILLIE for free Powerball mega million tickets. Test code GILLIE JackPocket America's number one lottery app, right Gambling Problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 18 or older, 19 or older in Nebraska, 21 or older in Arizona. JackPocket is not affiliated with any state lottery board. Were prohibited. Promo code required for $2. Non withdrawable credit C terms at JackPocket dot com slash toss slash free slash ticket slash promo. Scratch ticket subject to availability sponsored by JackPocket based on 2024 iOS download data collected by Sensor Tower.


You're now tuned into me, me, me. Million dollars Mworthofgame. Listen. Yes, listen, I'm gonna get straight to it. See, a lot of y'all don't know that. You know, I gotta, I come from multiple backgrounds. I was a wide receiver coach and like, like y'all just don't understand when y'all see him, y'all, a lot of people, I I I move in the dark. I don't, a lot of people don't know that I trained a lot of players and just so happened, he's one of the players that I trained. I mean wide receiver coach. I used to coach at Notre Dame. I used to coach at BYU and I used to coach at Penn State and see this is what I, I deal with champions.


Y'all seen my team win. Y'all seen what's going on. So it's like I first, I don't even know how to introduce him, man, but this guy's extraordinary. I'm talking about world class athlete. I'm talking about world class athlete. One of the best wide receivers in the game, if not the best because he's a champion. How, how could you even be considered the best if you didn't win a championship? Mm. Think about that. Think about that. Like how do you, how do you rank stuff? And you'd be like, oh, well he's the best. He's the best. Did he win? Did he win? If you didn't win, you can't even be talked about. I'm talking about you Starting from the gate. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and, and, and, and listen, future Hall of Famer, I'm putting it out there. Oh yeah. H that that go jacket waiting on, on it, You know what I mean?


Gold jacket wear rings, ring wearing diamond, all that, all that stuff. And, and, and I'm predicting they going back. That's it. But I'm, you know, AJ BROWN, man, listen, I ain't got too much more to say. Yes, I'm gonna get into this man. Yes, AJ BROWN is in the building. What's up brother? What's going on man? Super Bowl champion, man. Yes. Super Bowl Champion. Let me ask you a question. Okay. You know, I like to get right into it. You playing Tennessee, right? You get that call the agent, you going to the Eagles, what's going through your mind? It was a long day.


I didn't really, I didn't really want to leave at the mo at the time. You know, I, I wanted to stay in Tennessee. What? Yeah, I wanted to stay in Tennessee. You know Why Yo wasn't with it? Nothing. No, no, no. But you know, Tennessee was home, you know, was there, you know, mom, sister was there. It just, what part of Tennessee just made sense. Nashville. Yeah. It just made sense why me and Gil was just plotting on 'cause they ain't the tax situation and anything is in Tennessee is different. Oh, it's nice, man. The tax is different. Oh My Lord. And Nashville is in town. Beautiful town. Beautiful town. And they continue to build Nashville right now. Yeah, man. It's, it's, it is like the white Atlanta. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It's real nice though. But I didn't, I didn't really wanna leave, but, so I got the call and shoot got mad because the times were on board.


They was about to ship me off and, you know, you know, I was excited to, to play with Jalen too. So, so I just went and worked out and got it outta my chest a little bit. Then later that night, everything unfolded because we had to beat the, the draft and the, for the trade. So we had to get all that stuff and, and the contract worked out. So, but I was, you know, so after I was mad for a little minute, you know, I was happy as hell. But you said, you just said, 'cause you know, I was excited about playing with Jalen, but the media, not the good media. Yeah, Yeah. The media always wanna put out there. Like, you and Jalen got problems. Like it's an issue. Yeah.


Like is a, when they ask you what you think we need to get better at, you said passing, you could have been talking about the whole offense, you could have just been talking about, but they make it seem like you in jail and got issues. Yeah. But all y'all do is win and go to Super Bowls and win Super Bowl. Yeah. I, I'll be sitting up here lying tell you that if we, we never had any issues, like, you know, we, we, two guys, two alphas who, who wants to, to be the best and, and demand greatness from each other and everyone around us. So some reports are true, some reports aren't true. But me and him, good man. And you know, we, we just want to be great.


And like I said, we, we push each other and, and you know, sometimes, you know, we bump heads, but you know that that's, that's normal. You know? And, and don't nobody sweat it. But let me ask you a question. Have you ever been in a locker room where players didn't bump heads players down? It Pushes you. Right. You know, that's, that's, that's what I'm saying. That's so normal. But you know, I think from the, the history of this team and what, like with McNabb and to everything is magnified times 10 and it's just not the case. You know, When you was, when you was reading your book during a game where you wasn't having the best game they tried to crucify. Yeah.


But, and, and they, and they went out there. Do you think he would be doing that? Yeah. If he had a hundred yards receiving in two tubs? No, he wouldn't. But then the proof came out where you had an excellent game, you was balling out and you were still over there reading your book. Right. To those, to those media people who don't, they, they be so misinformed, but yet they throw that negative energy out there not knowing nothing that they talking about how that shit make you feel when you sitting back and you just, like you, I, I gotta watch this on TV all day and all these people, damn right.


My family, all that, You know, I I I've learned over the years where it's, you know, they're just doing a job, doing their job and, you know, I'm, I was a journalism major in college, so, you know, I know all about propaganda and what sells the story and what highlights the story, what's gonna be the headline then. And I just really just understood like they just, they just doing their job and, and they picking aside, you know, and, and it just, whatever, whatever's gonna give me more numbers on TV and, and more attention. And that's what it is. It is all attention based, you know. So I, I try to remove the, the feelings out of, and now somebody get personal and, you know, come at me disrespectful, then we'll have to have a conversation. But, but that just, it, it is what it is.


They don't know, you know? And, and I don't really care that they're not gonna understand it either. So. Yeah. But I, you know, just for me it would be kinda weird like to, because they run this all day. Yeah. To be on ESPN Fox all over social media and it's a lie. It's like, no, I had a good game where I balled out and I was reading my book, but now y'all magnify it because it's a bad game. Because it's a game where I may even get the stats that I wanted or ain't, you know what I'm saying? And I'm coming off maybe 'cause I'm frustrated because the offense ain't moving the ball, But it really ain't a bad game. 'cause we won. It wasn't, it wasn't a bad game at all actually.


It was just, I was just trying to stay locked in and stay and stay and stay motivated to do my job because it is tough. I'm not gonna sit up here and lie that it's not tough. It, it is not tough not getting the ball and you open and we just running the ball, you know? And that's just what it is. But, and you, you gotta keep blocking. You gotta, you know, keep showing up and you don't know when your number's gonna get called. And so, but you know, like I said, I learned, man, like when the truth don't work, they start telling lies, man. And that's what, and that's what really, you know, kind of transpired. So Now A lot of us are successful in life. You see a lot of athletes, you see a lot of entertainers, you see a lot of people make it, no matter what you do, how you do it, why you do it.


You always give all praising to God. You always lead with that. You always lead with thank, you know, thank you to God for making this happen, for giving me to blessing me with this talent to be where I'm at today. To win on the level that I win, to execute on the level that I execute. Why is always leading with your thankfulness to God is very important when you don't have to do that. Most people don't, most people say, IIII did this, I did this. Why is that so important? You know, I seen the bottom before. I seen the bottom before and then, and I know what it's like, you know, I grew up ain ain't gonna say I grew up just pouring, like I grew up in a trailer. I know what it looks like to shoot, to eat ketchup, sandwiches, you know, stuff like that, you know?


And experience those things and, and to now that, to now have whatever I want, do whatever I want, buy whatever I want. And you know, he, he's been blessing me tremendously, even more than I asked for. And he's still blessing me. And, and it's important for me just to give my praise to him because of, you know, not just for what he blesses me with, but you know, know that that's the reason he's the reason why I'm here and doing what I'm doing and the talent that I have is just me giving my all and me dedicating my, my, my dedicating to my craft as much as I do is, is my doing my due diligence back to him, giving it back to him because he gave me this gift.


You know, I wouldn't be in this situation, in this position if it wasn't for him. So that's important. That's important to me. And it's important to, I make it important to my family. You know, even teaching my kids, my kids four too. They sitting, they praying with me, you know, they, they're praying, you know, even though my daughter just asking for stuff, but she, she, she getting a gist of, you know what I'm saying? I'm saying, and, and it's important to my family just to, to leave my family to know that he's the reason why we in this, this situation, in this position. And it all could be taken away just like that. So we gotta be grateful, you know? And so yeah,


This episode of me and I was mworthofgame is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. According to research, a major challenge that many employers face is the pressure to hire quickly. And it's a tough hurdle to overcome because it's so time consuming to search for great candidates and sort through applications. Well, if you are an employer who can relate, I have one question for you. Have you tried ZipRecruiter? ZipRecruiter has figured out how to solve this very problem. In fact, four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a qualified candidate within the first day. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site. Employees prefer the most based on G two. How fast the ZipRecruiter Smart technology starts showing your job to qualify candidates immediately. ZipRecruiter powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time or money. So relax employers and let ZipRecruiter do all the work for you when it comes to hiring. See for yourself, just go to ZipRecruiter dot com slash game, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash game and try it for free. That's the same price as a genuine smile from a stranger, a pitch, a perfect sunset, or a cute dog running up to you to lick your hand. It's free again, that ZipRecruiter dot com slash game to smartest way to hire.


Right? I want to congratulate you, right? I gotta congratulate you 'cause this, this is a special moment for me because of this, every year teams have to earn the right for me to be a diehard fan. Y'all did it. Y'all did it. I'm telling you this don't really happen. Like the orphan where I could sit down and like, you know, it happened with Aaron Donald, different people. They earned my friendship at the time. It's, it's just a blessing for y'all to bring it back home. To bring me back home, you know what I mean? Time, not long. I wanted to be back home and really be like, yes, I'm a diehard Phillies fan and be, and get the passion and screaming and yelling and the yelling in the stadium. Like that's something I always wanted to do.


But y'all, y'all, y'all didn't award me the the opportunity to do that because y'all wasn't winning now. And it's like, y'all win. How do it feel to understand that not just having me as a fan? I know that's big, you know what I mean? But the fact of, the fact of like everybody in the NFL is scrambling now. The Philadelphia Eagles got every gm, every team, every owner. Like Hold up, we doing something wrong. I'm talking about that's all you see in the meeting. They yeah. Oh they, they putting up people pay, they doing this and oh, we like people like Hold up. We, we can't even pay the guys we got, but they, they team is paid like, like how do it feel? And y'all looking at this like, oh yeah, we coming back hard.


We coming back hard next year. No, I think first, you know, I say shout out to Howie for putting us in his position, you know, because best GM in the world. Yes. He's, he, he put us in this position to win and it's like, it's like all money in, you know, I think a lot of GMs are afraid to make that move and, and to, to send that money out there. 'cause almost every team got the, got the money to, to spend. But it's a lot, you know. And, and Howard just said, our money in we going in for this year, let's do it. And you know, I think the last two years IIII truly feel like it's been that way and he, and this, this past year he got more aggressive and I think it paid off.


Definitely paid off. Dude. I ain say I think I know it paid off. It paid off. It Paid off. And, and I think just other GMs just, you know, they're gonna adopt it. They're gonna, they're gonna start doing it. 'cause this is a copycat league. They, everybody copies each other. So How did it feel shitting on that sideline? Looking at their score, knowing that We put belt the as In the world like that y'all really doubted us. Like y'all didn't know that we was monsters over here. Like everybody just had eagles loose and like they, you just, and then, and then when I went and You got a tub in the, in the Super Bowl. Yeah, but then I'm in the, then I'm in, then I'm in the, the stadium, right. And I'm looking, I'm like, me and Gil in there like, Hold up.


It seemed like it's a sea of red in this joint. Mm. It was way more chiefs fans than Eagles fans in there. So as a player, how you But we was way more louder. Yeah, We was loud. Yeah. How was you looking on the field? I'm talking about like on the field. You, you going into the game, you already doubted, you walk into the stadium, all is red here. I Was Lit. It was like, how did you feel walking into like, I'll tell you it was lit the beginning of the game. You know, they, they seen the national anthem and they were like, and they was like, how about those cheese? And everybody went crazy. I said, oh, this shit is crazy. Yeah. And you know, it, it kind of turned me up. It turned me up because this is the game that you, you wanna play in, you dreamed of and you know, and you, you gonna be a part of history one way or the other.


Either we gonna be a part of Threepeat or we going to, we gonna create history for our ourself. And so that was the mindset and you know, the team just went out and just handled a business. Everybody's just, you know, a lot of, a lot of unfinished business from a lot of people and a lot of newcomers, you know. But we just dominated the whole team. The whole team was just like, we will not be denied. And, and I, and it showed, you know, Now you got your Super Bowl, we already know you got wide receivers. That's here. That's up here. You are up here. Okay. You Justin Jeffersons, the Chase. The chase.


Now you got, you the only one with a Super Bowl. Would that make you the number one wide receiving the league? Because We already know y'all. All of y'all are here. I just, it's, I mean you, I mean you can say that you, you can say that. I know, but it's, you definitely Can say that. It's, it's more, it's more, you know, like those guys are incredible talent man. Absolutely. And I think you just gotta wait and see, you know, But I'm talking about that as of right now, the 20 25, 20 26. I think it's hard. I think it's hard, hard for you to say that, you know, it's just hard for you to, because that's a, that's a team team that, you know, winning the ring.


'cause if, if Jamar Chase had, they probably had a better defense. They could be in in it. You know, Justin Jefferson, they were close, you know, so, but them two. If, if we want to, if we want to talk about top guys in the league, top receivers in the league, I I I'm definitely gonna say Justin, Jefferson, Jamar, chase, then I put myself third. You put, You put yourself third. Yeah, I put myself third now, now E even having The ring, 'cause you just gotta go off of, of, you know what happened this past year. I was banged up and, But you still had a Stacky, right? Yeah. No, no. Now listen to this. Now I, I was banged up and I missed four and a half games and my numbers were right with them until the end, until, you know, we call it a day, you know, and preparing for the playoffs.


And I think you just gotta, I think people gotta realize that, you know, but, but I just have to say them two guys right now are, are, are playing at another level. And, but me personally speaking for myself, you know, I definitely feel like I'm the best in the league right now. Okay. Alright. Now, you know now when as we look at the game and as you lining up it look like you talking it always like, I'm gonna cook you. What? Yeah, because, because you be so charged up. I think it, it's my demeanor though. It'd be like, you be so charged up. I'm like, he gotta be talking because, because it's like, he said that too because like if you, when you break off and you cook somebody and you can see the energy sometimes and the frustration when, if the ball don't go to you once you barbecue somebody, you be like, ah.


Because you be like, I I got It. Yeah. And it's like you was, you be talking, do you be like, how often do you be talking? I'm like, I'm a barbecue. I'm gonna cook you like, who you like man, who you man get outta here. It, it really depends. 'cause I'm really out there. I'm really quiet out there, you know, and I, and I'll turn up after I catch the ball or something like that, you know? But I'm really still not talking at, at, at the db. But it's, it's when the DB starts talking Who the db that talked the most in the NFL to you that talk that, that be like, I'm a you ain't doing nothing and you Barbecue. My, my man from Washington. Lamore. Yep, Lamore. He, he, he definitely talking. They Wanted to rumble that he talking. He Talking. Yeah. You cooked His ass in the, like in the Super Bowl, the first one they called a PI on me on McDuffy.


Yeah. And he had said so to me and I was like, yo in trouble if you, if you, if you depending on that flag, you in trouble like here. And so, but definitely Marshon. He he, he talking man, he Talking, he talking. Yeah. From the gate. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know why though. I just, I just feel like, you know, he, he's a good football player but he, he get caught up into, you know, trying to bully people and you know I'm not going for none of that. Nah.


Now this episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is bought to you by DraftKings. Hey basketball fans, are you ready to win real money? Check out pick six from DraftKings when it comes to basketball payouts draft King pick six dunks on its rivals including prize picks. When you hit all your picks, you slam home higher. Minimum payouts on pick six than flex plays on prize picks. And best of all, you win even more cash if you post rise the competition. Track your picks for a shot of huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. Don't settle for smaller payouts. Switch to pick six in cash and your basketball knowledge. New players get 50 and pick six credits instantly on just $5 entry. That's $50. And pick six credit instantly with just a $5 in with just a $5 entry. The fund of basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick Six app NOW and use Code GILLIE. That's code GILLIE for New customers. Play $5 and get 50 and pick six credits. Better pay out bigger wins. Only with pick six from DRAFTKINGS. The Crown is yours. Wear it DRAFTKINGS Gambling Problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawable. Pick six Credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Now as you grow up watching the league watching anything, who is your top five wide receivers of all time? Your personal, it ain't gotta be the, it is your personal top five wide receivers of all time on your top fathers. I'm gonna go Jerry. You know a lot of people don't know Jerry. Jerry grew up like 20 minutes from where I, where I grew up. Yeah. Damn. Yeah. Y'all not playing down there. Yeah, I say Jerry, I say Randy Moss. Yes. I gotta go. I wanna say Larry.


Larry Fitzgeral I go to To, that's number four. That's a hell of a And I gotta go Julio. FI Ooh that's a, That's that's a nice job. And at six I gotta go ab Okay, okay. I Say me. I would've won AB in front of Julio. Ah Wow. Let's talk about it. Julio was a monster. Let's talk about it. Let about ab Let the league in reception six years in a row with like 130. Okay? And that six year span you should, you should look up Julio. Well Julio was doing too. Both of 'em. No, both of 'em doing both. Of'em was at the top of the top of the game. But I think AB got the Super Bowl too. Julio don't got a Super Bowl, do he?


Nah, he ain't got Super Bowl, no Falcons. That's what I'm saying. I ain got one. I see if Justin Jefferson never went or Jamar, chase never went. Yeah, that's gonna be the argument for you. Ah, he got two Super Bowl dopes. That's you's true. Threw two out. Yeah, we about to get another one this year. Yeah, yeah. You feel me? Yeah. How important was it that Saquon Barkley came over and do you, have you ever played with a player like Saquon? I say no, you know, I it took until he jumped over dude backwards until I was, I was saying Derrick Henry, you know, I think, I still think Derrick Henry's the best running back I played with until he jumped over that dude backward.


That was crazy. I was like, Hey bro, this dude, this dude a super superhuman man. And and we, we always joke, joke about it. We was like, Hey bro, put your cape on, you know s it is time, do your thing. But man, he he on another level and shout out to O Line 'cause we got a greater O line. You know they be parting the Red Sea, but Yes they do. But what he be doing with them hoes after, after he get through that line of scrimmage, bro, it, it is crazy. He taking him to the crib. He not playing like the first, the first carry against Washington at the crib. That's crazy. That was crazy. Yeah, that was crazy. He jumping spinning like, yeah that's bro, he, he's unbelievable.


Now how was it in the locker room before y'all go out to that Super Bowl? How was the energy? Like how was people like, was everybody just locked in or was it a big speech? Like what was it? Everybody was locked in. Everybody was really just chilling, listening to music with their headphones and you know, 'cause there's so much time, so much time. It was like an hour before we went out. Which is, which is, which is crazy. It is normally like 20 minutes so you had to chill and you know, hydrate and eat and stuff like that. But everybody was just vibing man. Just, just staying locked in and you know. But as far as we Finn to get ready to run out, know BG came in and gave his speech and so we went Out.


Yeah, you have, you ever was in the middle of the game and started bubbling? What You mean had this like Nah, nah, nah nah man, Nigga over there like yo my stomach man. Nah, nah, I knew we shoulda have went out last night. Nah, You don't never. That ain't never happened to no players. Like in the middle of the game. I give back the bathroom, man. For Real. Nah, that happened. That you can say that happened at practice. You know, I go back in, use the bathroom, come back Like, oh, Middle the middle, the double right slam quarterback go break. I need one.


I'll be wondering like, Damn, I been in the middle of the game. Like you, Do you think it would've been different for you if you was in school when the NIL hit? Oh man. Yeah, most definitely. What You think would've been different? I'm, I'm glad it didn't hit. He would've made the league. Yeah. You know, because man, because listen guy, because I don't think I would be focused enough. Like I don't think I would develop the love of the game if the NIL would've hit. Because if I'm making millions, I'm not showing up to work on time. I'm 17, 18, I'm not showing up to yeah. To workouts on time. I'm doing what I wanna do. You know? And, and that's tough for guys and I think it's kind of taking away from the love of the game, you know, and you, you throwing all this money and these and these players are making more money than the coaches.


Like what you gonna say to him? Yeah, you gonna take his NIL away, you gonna lose your job. And then some of 'em make it more than they rookie contract. You Know what I'm saying? So like some, some guys even stand in college and not even coming to the league, you know? And, and it's, it is good and it is, it is a positive, you know, for ones who the less fortunate they taking, taking care of home back at home. Yeah. But it's taken away from the love of the game at, at that early age. But, but man, I probably would've made a fortune in college. Yeah, But you in there eating knew you was just in college eating noodles and noodles struggling. Nah, I went struggling. So I got drafted for baseball outta high school. Oh man. So I had me a nice little chick, So, oh, so you had, you had, you had a baseball game Too?


I had a little, yeah. What, What position you was playing? Center field? Yeah, I got drafted 19 round by the Padres High. Who rounds did baseball got? It's Like 30 30 something. Yeah, Yeah. 19th round. You got drafted by the Padres? Yeah. So so you went out there? Yeah, I go out there. So in college I would go out there in the spring, play rookie ball and then I come back, you know, in the summer, get ready for the football. So, So what was your bating average In high school? It was like threesome. I could hit real good though. Yeah. That's, that's, that's pretty sad. You Look country strong though. Yeah, you could say that but, but, but, but ain ain't not, ain't not gonna chopping trees with accent and stuff. But so so you would've did, you would've did good in the major league?


I oh my bad. You know, I I I was, I would like to say that, you know, major league is, is, is is insane man. It's tough. You know, it's different man. 'cause I'll tell you this, I'll tell you, when I made a decision, I'm gonna play football. You hit a curve ball, Lemme tell you I went up, I listen, I promise you I'm in, I'm in right. I'm in the All American game in Chicago baseball, you know, and I'm in, I'm in right field and the first pitch I'm in, the first pitch was like 97. I said 97 off the, off the real. I'm I'm used to facing what? 80, 85. This, we still in high school though. So these are all, all high school players and these, these guys probably got probably go first round and stuff like that.


I'm like 97. I'm like dang. So it keep going and I see like, I see him throwing an off speed pitch and it's like a a 90, 90 miles per hour breaking ball. I'm like, bro, what the hell? I ain't never seen nothing like that. And so I'm like, sh, I'm gonna see if I can go up there and hit this. And I went up there, I ain up. I ended up hitting, hitting it actually hitting at the third base, like a little little dribble of the third base ba third base. You know, ain ain't up beating it out. And I'm on base. I'm like, bro, this, they, these, these boys throwing this ball hard as hell. Like we in high school. Like what is it gonna be like when I get to the league? Like I said, nah, I go, I'll go catch that football like that shit. Oh, you Knew right there.


I know these gonna work right here. No, but see this is the thing. You say that man, I didn't know I, you know, I was, I was working out one day with CJ Strout, right? We working out throwing passes, you know, he threw that ball, man. I'm like, what you trying to shoot me that I didn't know? I'm like, I didn't, you, you looking at the game, you ain't understanding how fast He throwing that ball. A Football coming out. How you really gotta, you really got like he was that, that thing almost broke my arm. Yeah, that's the Dallas Cowboys football. That's thanks to Cooper Rush bum. Yeah, bum. Thanks to CJ Gardner by death and I got the Super Bowl one, but you can see they got the Dallas Cowboys on That ball. That ball do be coming, coming fast.


That's crazy. It depends on what quarterback, you know, Jay like to have a little touch on head though, you know, so, but sometimes he's zipping in there when you have


To this episode of million hours, mworthofgame is brought to you by New Amsterdam Vodka. Now life ain't going your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your wife cheating today. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka is the official vodka bars through sports is filtered five times. No, it's distilled five times. It's filtered three times for a clean, crisp finish. You could drink it straight up, you could drink it on the rocks juice soda or you can make a classic new Amsterdam mule. But when you out and about at your local liquor store, you know what you do? You get you some New Amsterdam Vodka. You hear me and you take it to the crib. Shout out to my wife. They be cocktailing it up at the house doing they thing. I call her the new Amsterdam queen. Dude. Dude, what's up baby? But shout out, shout out to New Amsterdam Vodka, the official vodka bars through sports and simply the best vodka on the market.


Right? The media try to like, make it seem like you you take stats over winning. Okay. Is that the truth? Nah, it's not the truth. Thank you. It's not the truth at all. Okay. I I, we can get into that too as far as like, as far as a wided out, you know, if a wide out tell you he don't want the ball, he lying and you don't want that wided out. If he's saying he don't want the ball. Mm. Yeah. I'm just gonna tell you he Not gonna be on the team. He Not gonna be on the team. It's not, that's not the guy you looking for. And when you know, you have the ability to change the game and at any moment and, and as far as me what I'm saying, like when I literally say I'm open, I'm always open. Like I'm literally always open and, and that's the, the mindset that I have.


And so whenever I get the, the one-on-one chance, 'cause we only have so many opportunities, we work all week for a couple opportunities in the game. And when that, when that don't happen, sometimes you see frustration. And I think, I think that's fair. You know, you working for something all and you get to the game and you get the look and some, some, some bs happen and now you a little upset. You know what I'm saying? But I think, I think that's fair to to to have that emotion, you know. And I think, you know, people blow stuff outta proportion. But I think people gotta realize it's a, it's a fine line between stats and winning as far as as as a wide receiver.


And, and we was, and we was actually talking about it the other day. It it is like, you wanna win? Yes, we wanna win and we want to do do these things. And of course, but it is like, like I get paid $32 million. That's like top two, top three in the league. If I don't do my job and I don't play well, you know how he does. He's like, all right, he's not making his money. I mean he's making a lot of money. He's not putting up these same numbers or stats. So it's like, all right, we could just go get somebody else. Yeah. Then do this like this, this this is our job. We might Get somebody cheaper. Cheaper That can do cheaper For sure. They for sure, for sure. And and not saying that that's gonna happen.


You know, I love Howie. That's not, I'm not saying that, whatever, but, but you just saying, but it's just the reality of the business. Yeah, absolutely. And so like, you, you have that mindset and you never get comfortable. Like, you'll never see me get comfortable like I'm a no, I want, I'm a, I wanna work for my, for my pay. You don't gotta gimme my money, anything. I'm gonna chill now. I want to grind for mine. You know? 'cause I just love the sport. And, And you know, and you know, and you know why what he's saying is making sense. 'cause we won with Deandre Swift Got just like that. We won with Miles. We won with Booby. Yeah. Miles my, we won with Booby Just like that.


1300 yards. 1200 just Like that. Yeah. We won with y'all. But so I understand what he saying when it's like if you, you yeah, we, we could win. We could win. But certain players also gotta produce because the number that they is bringing in on the cap. Yep. Yep. Say you better produce, you gotta get this, You gotta do this because this is what the top players is paying, getting paid. And this is what you gotta do. You're not getting paid top dollar for to, to, to produce average stats. Right. You know, and, and, and, and is it like this? And it's not about, it's just, it's not about all stats. And for like, for me, I'm gonna speak for me like, like I truly love my job and, and and what it brings. Like me waking up early, staying up late, making these sacrifices and, and and really putting my all into my craft.


You know what I'm saying? Like I'm thinking about taking ballet, this, this off season, like, you know, shit like that. So you gonna be on your toes better. Like people Really don't understand like really You gonna be in there like a big action for you? No, but like, no, people really don't understand like, you know, like I'm boxing, I'm doing Pilates, I'm swimming, like I'm doing all this. You gotta get that more shorts than you, you know what I'm saying? I'm a three time, 13 time black belt, You know. But people really don't understand like, bro, this is my life and I'm dedicating my life into it and, and, and you know, I'm making sacrifices and I'm just keep me up At night. So, so so your whole thing is like, You know, it mean it mean everything to me. Your whole thing. If I don't do right, I'm getting shipped out, shipped away. But when I want to do right, I, I want this ball because not only is I'm beating this guy, I want the team to win in order for the team to win.


I gotta get the Ball. And I'm, I'm, I'm help, I'm gonna help the team. I'm help Team, I'm gonna help the team. And then also what I, this is what really, this would really do it for me. When that db after I cook him, he drop their head and he like, shit, he get the messing with his gloves and stuff. Reta. I'm, nah, ain't nothing wrong with your glo line back up. I'm finna come again. Let's do it. Yeah. And I, you know, that's, that do everything. That's The feeling. He Like, He trying, he trying to program what happened? Yeah. You hey, That one afternoon my man latimore from the bump, man. He had his head down all day. Hold him. Pi Hey, but but listen, but listen after but after I make a play on him and I see him and I, and I'm looking at him, I don't even gotta say nothing.


I, I don't even gotta say nothing. I do my little first down celebration and, and now he, he he, he trying to attack me the whole game. Oh. His mind gone. I got it. You Got it. I got it. Got it. Yep. You, you, you right where I want you to be. Right? Yeah. You, you more, you worried about trying to fight than, than doing your job right? Or you Are You my I got you. You in my world. I got you. Yeah. Oh man, It's it bro, it's so fun, bro. Like yeah, like dominating people, dominating other people who, you know what I'm saying? I ain't trying to embarrass nobody. No og. Why og OG taught me that. OG taught me. Julio taught me. He said, Hey listen, he taught me that when I was in Tennessee. He said, you got, you got people with families watching the game.


Like you don't, don't try to embarrass nobody, just do your, just do your job and go home. 'cause you know what I'm saying? You got family. We, I got family watching the game. Yeah. You know, I don't want nobody to try to hurt me and ain ain't trying to hurt nobody, you know. But when you cross that line, Start running your mouth, You cross that line. I'm finna put you in the ground. Let Me ask you a question though. Let me just say this thing. It ain't a question, but lemme just say this from a og. I know your OG told you that from coming from another og. That's some alright. You get out there, you try to crush the run him in the ground. Yeah. Hundred yards receiving on his As you can't what you mean you don't try to embarrass other Guy. Family. Not, not saying, not saying I'm gonna do my job. I'm gonna do my job. But as far as like It's no, it's no mercy though.


It ain't, it is not no mercy. But it understand this. I'm going out here to do my like, 'cause I'm the player. I'm gonna go out here and do my job and I wanna go home 'cause I'm not out here talking noise to nobody. Like no, no, I'm, I'm really the guy like I love playing ball. Like Your body like was look like you be talking a lot of shit That Be because I be firing myself. We be like, yeah talk that shit saying nothing. That be That be because I be firing myself up. You know what I'm saying? Like yeah, you know what I'm, that be because of me. Like, but when somebody make it personal and come at me sideways or you know, do some crazy stuff after to play, like, nah, nah, I ain't going for that. And now, now now you the Yeah, But you, you ready? Walk up.


Y'all doing steps after Embarra. Nobody like this doing steps. My whole, my whole thing is like, I I it is no mercy. I lined up with prom Dionne a couple years ago and I cooked him. I wasn't like, it wasn't based my OG prime line. I said Prom, don't do this, don't do this shit. And you gotta remember prom when he got like three and a half toes on one foot leave. So, so No this before that. This is before that. He had all his joints And he wasn't back all way walking right yet. No, no, no. This he had, oh this Jackson, he had all these and, And he going go to the bad foot side. I ain No I'm not partaking in any of this.


No, I Cooked. I took Prime. He, he lined up with me now Jackson, He is all love. Can I Ain with this? Wham wham. And I was gone. Yeah. Shook him like he fell. I said I ain't mean to do you like that Cokey put him right on the grill. Mississippi Grill. Now being the fact that we got pretty much 85, 90% of our team coming back. It's Gametime. Do you think we going to do it again? Man, we definitely have a ch we we got a big chance. You know a lot has to change 'cause everybody's is gonna adapt to us and watch a lot of film. You know, we, we went from hunted to being hunted.


Now you know


this Episode of a million dollars Mworthofgame is sponsored by RO and I'm a row partner. One thing about Ro Sparks, if you having ed problems and one thing toll do, it'll help you out. One thing about Ro Sparks, you get direction, you've be wanted ro connect guys with medical providers a hundred percent online so you don't have to have them awkward in person conversations. Ro Sparks is gonna change your life. It's gonna change the energy in the bedroom. It's gonna have us talking to you different, looking at you different Rose Sparks is a great thing. And the thing about Rose Sparks, it dissolved right under your tongue. One thing about dissolving treatment, it hit the bloodstream. Like, ah, I'm talking about like soon as you put it under your tongue, that rose spark, ah, put it up under your tongue and it'd be like, it hits your bloodstream Gametime game. Hey, hey, hey, you ready? I'm talking about you ready to play and you ready to play big. You are gonna win a Super Bowl alike. Rose Sparks work in 15 minutes on average. I'm talking about like this on average. You know, I can't say, you know, different strokes are different folks, but you know it's gonna work and you're gonna be ready to get busy. Rose stay in the system for 36 hours. So you go back to back to back to back, to back to back to back. I'm talking about a hundred percent online health provider to tell 'em your needs. Tell 'em what you're going through to make you better. If you approve treatment, shipped directly to your door, nobody know what's going on but you, what are you waiting for? And prescribe new sexual health patients. Get 15% off Sparks recurring plans. Connect with a provider at RO dot co slash mdw to find out if prescription Ro Sparks is right for you. That's roro.co/md wog for $15 off your first


order. No, but see I like when we got that underdog mentality. Philly only win. Listen, I understand that. I understand that. We not underdogs man. That's Right. We is, we always underdog. No, I don't know. Just won the championship. I'm gonna keep the vote with you. I don't know why even Jalen be up there saying he he counted out. He doubted it. Man, we ain't doubted, aint listen, we went to the Super Bowl two years ago. We then when the next year we started off 10 and one and then we, we lost it end. Now we just won a Super Bowl. But we are not no underdogs. No, no, no, no. See, see, see let me just tell you something. When you, when you jh and you gotta sit back and hear on tv talk about, But it's everybody though. I can't sit here and say that he's better than Daniel Jones.


Listen, You doubt it. But Listen, Got a job. He, he lost his job to a Italian. What was, what's the Italian guy name? But, but Again, but again DeVito. Yeah, Danny DeVito That goes, that goes back into Mother Mix the best Into they just doing whatever saying whatever they they want to say to, to get, to get more views, bro. Like, But you gotta understand this too, But we have a all star team bro. But you gotta understand this too. We, We not no underdogs bro. You Gotta understand this too. That's in, that's in your mindset. Shit. We know as Philly fans, we know we the but to the media that's putting that out to the world, perception is reality.


And they make it seem like Jailing Hurts is the 10th best quarterback in the league. But the nigga just keep winding up in the Super Bowl. The the went playoffs, super Bowl, playoffs, super Bowl. But when you hear it, Josh Allen is better than him. Justin Herbert is better than him. Lamar Jackson is better than him. Let's keep it going. Wait, they just, the rookie he Jayden James played one year. He already better than them. They already, hold on, hold on. CJ Stroud, he in his second year, he already, they said, they said Mark Robinson Is better than him.


Right. I don't even know who that is. Fucks you talking about? It don't matter anybody better than they be making up some dude that play playing the part. They, so if so if you jailing and you gotta wake up every day and see all these s better than you, that never accomplish what you accomplish when you go since Jalen Hurt's been a starter, he won more games than all of them. Every last one of them. He won more games then. Oh, but they going to tell you such and such. Throw a good ball. His spiral is excellent bullshit. He could throw it 80 but he don't win yard in there. He Don't win when it's winning Tom. He don't win. But, But even though, even though they look, they gonna look at the tapes, they going to look at Rogers.


They hype him. The oh he didn't, what the fuck been the one Super Bowl in dinosaur years? This decades been the one Super Bowl. Everybody hypes him. Get the outta here. Tom Brady is the goat been the 10 Super Bowls in 20 years. That Super Bowl. Miss Super Bowl, miss Super Bowl, miss Super Bowl, miss Super Bowl, miss like I only care about winning bro. That's it. That's all the confetti coming down. Me laying on that field with that ball, with that confetti, bro. Me walking up the a JD do his interview, he like, ah, that's all that matter man.


And and we got the best wide receiver in the league, man. But you only one with a ring man. But, but whenever you finish, whenever you finish, I'm done. We still ain't on that dog. The the city, The city could be on the city could be underdog. He Not no underdogs, But we, but we champions the, the the team. We not underdogs. See The difference in the mentality though. Hey, day he watch Sports Center d he right at the top. That receivers the league tomorrow. Chase, I'm Jamar, chase, AJ BROWN, Justin Jeffers, listen, They be playing with my name too. They be playing With my name. Not Too much. You play with your name. But, but the thing is, but like I said, like it don't, They not out here talking about the third receiver.


Tampa Bay is better than you. He, they be saying They, they do disrespect him. They do disrespect, They disrespect that bear. But, but, But we still ain't no underdogs. And, and and Jaylen's so funny. He get up there, you know, I, you know, I carry my, my my my scars on my sleeves and all that. Like, we be like, Jay Ain Ain't that serious. Come on. You got I like what? I like no, I like his favorite. He show up as a black Panther. Panther. That's what y'all wanted the K on. That's what y'all want. Yeah. I like when he show up as a Black Panther. Listen, fuck he got the Kanga on Panther. That's Nino Brown.


The brown. Like he, He like that all the time. Yes, he gonna point. Yeah like all the time. He did serious. He coming in to kill. Hey, but listen man, I don't care how he is Jay. You keep being how he is. You keep whatever you gotta tell yourself, you know what I mean? To, to get you going. You keep doing that. Yeah. Because all you keep doing is ending up in the playoffs in the Super Bowl. So whatever you doing is, No, I'm gonna try, I'm gonna try to pick what you gonna say. This time he gonna say, okay, lemme see this gonna be funny right here. He'll probably say, say I never win.


Guess now I gotta do it again. Put the on. Yeah. But then he gonna give you A little smile at then, Hey. Yeah, yeah. Yep. And he don't care. He he he get straight to the point on him. Yeah. Hey, That's what, that's what I love about him. And I love and shout out to Nick Ciani, man, shout out to big Dom my guy Love you for life. The whole staff, Jeffrey lawyer, the whole staff are just embracing me and having me be a part of this historical run that we won on. Yeah. How did that come about Me? You know, I do the live stream upstairs. Okay. So every day before we play, I, I would do just like can day to let the other team know you Sweet man, we But That ain't how it started.


It started like this. No, I'm just saying there was, when it started, I wasn't my team at the time. I'm gonna just say this though. I said I gotta get this dude something for his birthday. Oh Yeah. Now it's like what dude? He like more than, he like old school cars. He like any but he don't love nothing more than Eagles. So I go to CarX and I'm like, yo, I need to get Gil something that he could ride around in and he could, what's the name? And I needed to be a Eagles mobile. Yeah. So he say I got it Wallo, Mike had CarX he get the joint for me pay for it was brand new black. I said turn that into a Eagles mobile.


And once GILLIE seen that, he couldn't believe it. He was like, what the, yeah. Pulled up, dropped it off in front of the studio and he just went crazy. He running around playing to me like that's when we came down there show do and all had. And he was like, what the, and he just kept driving it. He Kept it. So then at, so then it had heat in it. He put it with heat windows, all that on it. So I would just drive it during the winter and then after every game I'd just be dancing. Yeah. I'd dance in front of it before the game letting we then after we win, I just celebrate Cool song and on. So he doing his thing. One day we going to New York. And What happened, hold on. What happened was y'all never stopped winning, So he kept going.


Y'all won like 11 straight games. Yeah. So they had to see that 11 straight weeks in a row. Yeah. And it just kept going more viral and more viral and more viral. And then We driving in New York one day, that was the epidemic, aj. And I'm like, 'cause I got it. He said, what? I said, because at this time that's when I already knew I'm going, I'm going commit to being a diehard Eagles fan. 'cause I ain't rooting no team all year. Right. So I'm like, 'cause I got it. He said, what? I said, we gotta bring too short to the, to the studio. He Said, Yeah, so when you do the video, he said, yeah, we bringing him to the We made some calls, got short right here in front of the stew.


Dude it, and it really went up. I ain. That's a West coast song. Yeah. How you gonna make it affiliate anthem? No, because it's a song. It Is a, it is a, it is a, It's a good energy Song. It's a great energy song And yeah, you could dance to it And it blow the whistle. So it's kind like it got something to do with sports. You feel what I'm saying? And it's a great record. As you can see, Philly, we adapted to a fast shit. Quick. Quick. Yeah. You was like, that's the, that's the anthem right Here. Right. Because it's about a vibe took off. It is all about a vibe. It ain't about who, where the song come from. It just about a vibe. You feel what I'm saying? And It just caught and then they just adapted to it and it was like, it's outta here. But it was the energy of like, like I knew more than anything This dude, I said this dude running out that tunnel going down there like you gotta stand, this dude cried when the Eagles lose.


He'd be pissed. Like he think you remember when he came to the locker room last year? What's the name I'm telling you? Do this. You keep he he come. I'm like this. I say he crazy Dom. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Dom said yeah, let him do him. He's crazy. Yeah. I said, Dom, he Quiz Watkins was mad at me. He going to jail snapping. What are you doing? Do this. What the I'm like, what are you doing? Hey man, you had qui wanted to put hands on you. He was mad. He d me in there. He think he snapped out. No, you guys are dead. Right. He snapped out. Cause Listen, I, I'm gonna defend quiz. I'm gonna defend quiz, I'm defend. Alright, go ahead. Quiz don't get the ball. All game.


And the only time he get the ball when the game is on the line, man, like that's a lot of pressure. Yeah. He just running all day and whenever Jay decides to throw up the ball, the game is always on the line. It's always the deciding play. So I feel for That was the Tampa Bay game I Feel for court. Stop, stop it. Stop it. I feel for that Was the Tampa Bay game. I really, I really do feel for him, bro. The game you snatched like give him a touch earlier or something. Like that's when, that's when like when, when players like, they just need to feel the ball like that. That's a real thing. That's a real thing. Like he, he still locked me in the game. Like imagine you just running up and down the field all day and you not involved and now the biggest player of the game, he running vertical and Jaylen lost the ball.


Yeah. In the deep shit. Come on man. That's tough Ain't it? That's tough. And Then it keeps happening like a lot of the drops he had, the game was on the line. Like I, I used to Jay, I I ain't gonna say that. Don't say that. Don't say that. He about to Give us a locker. Used to say, man throw that ball early man. Let him get in touch. Warm it up. Hey nigga gimme a touch early. Let me see what the football feel like. Hey come on man. Don't throw that shit. Be in the fall for four minutes left for the first time. Be Because it hype you up. 'cause you thinking the ball coming back to you like no, They called me down there.


Right. Come On, it's coming back to you. They called me down there. Right. I'm in the locker room so you gotta understand how we standing right here. Right. And I'm like, que I said, you know I'm the biggest Eagle fan. Right. He like, I know oj I said, you know I read every article I said, you said this year was going to be your year. He said he shook his head. I said it wasn't. I said, but listen to me, good players is made during a regular season. I remember that Legend. Legend Is made in the playoffs. You got a chance to be legendary. AJ not playing bro. I remember that. You got a chance to be legendary. He said, I got you OJ man had two catches for eight yards.


Man I ain't, I was mad as shit. I'm that may be his Bro, that may not be his fault. He probably just wasn't getting the ball. But that's a lot of pressure to that's a lot of pressure to be back in a JF He not, It's not, bro. Let's let, let, let, fuck you mean He's, let me just say this bro. He's next Level. How the fuck you going back up the next, next level and get and you went, you went, you got next level expectation for somebody that's not on his level. He Right, right. He's Not on his level. Not right. It's next level. But what I'm saying is low. I've been playing wide receiver my whole life too, bro. You feel what I'm saying? If, if I'm a wide receiver, I've been playing wide receiver my, hold on, hold on, hold on. We both made it to the league. Right. I've been playing wide receiving my whole life too, bro. Hey, now this is an opportunity for me to be great.


I can't be sitting here looking at it. I can't be AJ ain ain't asked to be aj. I'm a I'm gonna break it down for, I gotta go in and make some, I'm gonna break it down for you. So remove me from that game. 'cause you're talking about that Tampa game I didn't play. So the number one has to guard somebody. Right. So he's probably gonna go on Smitty now. He had 200 yards. He had, yeah he had a buck 50. Right. Smitty, Smitty, different Smitty. All right. So now the cornerback who usually holds Smitty, the cornerback number two goes to quiz and that's, that's still probably somebody that he doesn't see on a regular basis. He see cornerback number three, number four like at the bottom of the food chain.


So now his job is harder. He, he gotta, he gotta carry the load. So just like how Smitty still went out there and balled out Smitty again? No, Hold up. Smitty ain't used to seeing a number one. He used to seeing a number two, but he said you lining up before me. I understand. Take this buck 80 nigga Because take This buck 80 Say this though. But you gotta say this Though though. Because now, because now our, the game plan is we gonna put the, we gonna put the one on Smitty and now we can just, we can roll the coverage whatever way we wanna roll the coverage now. And so ee got his own job like, bro, people don't understand my job is hard as shit, baby. Yes. You getting double team, you got over the top. It Got supposedly the best corner on the field.


Like so when, when you remove that, remove me from there. Everybody else now getting that slack. And that's, that's a difficult job. And you gotta understand this. Stop saying that he been a wide receiver his whole life. You know how many people played basketball was in high school the same time as Michael Jordan and they was somewhere on the bench. That shit don't mean nothing. It's different levels of performance. No, but you made it to the league bro. But you think he he made it to the league. What That mean? That pressure is different. 'cause did You playing the whole game, you made it to the league. You at least give us four catches, 51 yards. 'cause You ain't never make the game when it shot, when you play basketball. What if Again, what if Jalen don't really feel comfortable throwing the ball? Yeah, but what if the game plan ain't for him to go off? The game plan was for me to switch me to go off and he went off it just the other stuff happened.


Yeah, That's it. And then you talking, you be talking like You won the game when and shot before I did. You where? In The park? Come on man. Cut it out man. You know The part you never did any collegiate level. I bet you one thing I bet you, I bet you AJ know my name Damien. Who? Damien what? Damien who? What? Damien what? Gillard? I don't, He had me a little nervous. I'm like wait, hell no. I ain talking about baby he's a bum. Shut up. You bum You just, But no, I'm gonna just say this though. And, and and and we, we I understand what you saying Gil.


If you a wide receiver, you pull to step up when we need you to step up 'cause we paying you in the professional team. Yeah, but we gonna be, we gonna keep it all the way 100 it's levels to the Shit. But I'm not expecting him to do what AJ would do. That's Right. Well that's what You Expecting. That's the game winning Bro. I just said he coulda came in and gave us four catches for 41 yards. Something. Bro, we need something from you. But you gotta get the ball to get that. Gotta get the Ball. Get the ball. Might not be thrown at you to get that. Yeah. You wasn't open either nigga. You wasn't Yeah. At the end of the day you, you know, happened man. But you know, I think everything play out the way it is. They they won the chip man. You know what I Mean? Congratulations man. Now Everybody, I'm not gonna say, and I will say this AJ, congratulations to us man.


Yeah. Well give us congratulations. What you mean us, us all? You, you ain't on that nut. No, I'm gonna say this though. I'm gonna say this though. You said that they watching the tape. You could watch all the tape you wanna watch because people watch the tape on the, on the Chiefs for years and they help 'em. It's about energy is about a strong locker room. You need a strong locker room where it is a, it is a brotherhood in there where though, you know, it's something that's unmatched because I'm not going front. I know it's a lot of teams because the way y'all beat the, the chiefs, they looking at the chiefs like, oh no, they exposed. We gonna beat the shit outta these. We ain't gonna never let this shit happen again.


I know it's people talking like Yeah, they, the way they beat Patty up. Yeah. The way they was just crushing them. He couldn't breathe. People was trying to get, get they defense together now like, oh no, we going at them like this yard exposed. They the Super Bowl was you looking up at the score? Like, oh Shit. Nah, I I I actually, I'm I'm gonna speak on what you just said. I I did not know they had zero. Mm. Yeah, I remember on the sideline, I'm like, they have zero. And he was like, yeah, I I I at least thought they had three, but damn. But I'm gonna speak on what you just said. Yeah. That's a gift and a curse mindset. Yeah. Saying all right, it's about the locker room. It's about what we just did and you know, and just exposing 'em and stuff like that.


But every day is a new day. Okay. Every day is a new day in this league. Man, if you for one second get the feeling yourself like you the top dog, you'll be humble so fast. Because our job is to get better each and every day. They have people in the office to exploit every, every single thing that you, you don't do well. So they got all the film and now that's the game plan. So their job is to solely, alright. What does Jalen hurt doesn't do well. Shit. What does, what does shit AJ BROWN don't like to don't, don't like. What does he, what does he struggle with? And as far as the team. So what you struggle with, that's Far as the team can't say that.


He can't Say I don't see no struggles. He run good plans. You can't give him no information. He run good out routes. He run good distant routes. I don't what the fuck do you struggle with? You can't jam him me be pushing like babies. I high. But, but, but that's what they, that's what they do. And they study that and they watch, they watch all off season and so time come around when it's time to play, they that folder with your name on it. We do the same thing. You know, and, and you just can't, you can't get comfortable in this league, bro. 'cause this league has to keep evolving. That's why like our grid, we were last year, we have to evolve like 10 times better.


10 times more. Like we have to, like the offense may look different. I'm sure we still gonna run the ball, but it, it, that running game may look different, you know, but it has to grow. You know, we stay the same man 'cause everybody else moving. And we already behind too. You know, we just got through playing. Everybody else been off for a little while. So we behind. So, and we, we gotta get healthy. We gotta, you know, then start training and stuff like that. So we playing catch up. That's what That's, that's, I mean how many weeks do you take off after the boat? It just depends on how, how, how the body feeling. You know? I'd probably give it another, another week or two and then start. We Still celebrating.


Still slow grind. Slow grinding back into it. Yeah, because it's a long year. Like it is a long year. We've been going, going long time man. Especially, you know, Dallas, it was out five weeks ago and all that years, you know, I mean it's long year man for us. What you Feel about them? How you feel about I think they bums. I think they ain't won since they took cocaine out the league back in 95. That's what I think. Remember they caught Michael Irvin and Mo at the White House. You might not be old enough for that. I Don't know what you're talking about. Yeah, but it was, But listen, they had a house back in the day that they called the White House and they caught Michael Irvin, Nate Newton, all 'em over there. They ain't one since they took their shit out the league. Man. Michael, Michael Irvin is, is love his way. Oh, me too.


I know what you're talking About. Well, Mike CB Eagle be like, man, how you knew about the White House man, That's you. Mike is my guy. One thing about me, they know I gonna call the I see. And I don't do no lying man. Yeah. And did Dak Prescott run around talking about he, we, we not too far away from the Eagles. What, What we talking about Dad? What, what Is he, what, what is he supposed to say? We miles away from those days. We cities away. We cities away from the motherfucker. You don't like that? No. You don't like this game? No. When it's winning time. Dak I always say this Dak and Tony Romo is the same person.


Ooh, they going to throw for 4,800 yards. They gonna throw for heard touchdowns. They going to throw for eight, nine interceptions tough. But when it's winning time, they're not going to win. I Don't know man. I, I dak to me, man, he, he, he a really good player to me. And I don't know what it is like hear you saying Barkley was a real Good player and, and I'm not. And I promise you I'm not trying to make fun of him or nothing. Like, I don't know if he like, like the moment get too big or something, but rookie season he'll kill you. Yeah. Playoffs in the playoffs. It just like, I don't know. I don't know in the moment. Just get too big for not for him, but just for the team or I don't know.


But, but he, he r for Football. You know who the moment don't get too big for. He good For shout out to my guy cd. You know I love you cd. Yeah. Michael Par Parsons. I think I I think Michael want to be a Eagle too. He Do, he want to be Eagle bad. He, he love Phil. He'd be on the phone with Slay and all that shit. And I, I, I didn't even like I'm keep it real. I ain't like that slate. Don't be talking to them Dallas Cowboys during the season. I'm gonna keep it all We real. So I love you. You know, you know, you my man. Don't be talking to them during the season. Listen though, listen though, we don't, A Lot of us Listen, listen, that's one thing about Philly fans.


They, they, they just like that. But like, you gotta understand like the, the player who you talking to, it's a different era. That's a different time. I understand it's like rivals and stuff, but we on the field, it's like, all right, yeah, I'm at your head. But after that it's like, it is what it is. Like, yo, They was The college together. Imagine Jordan and, and bur swapping jerseys after the game. Mike, Michael, Jordan. It's A different time. Let me get that Jersey Eagles fans don't want nobody to do. They don't, It's it's a different time, man. We like, They want everybody dead. Yeah. While they said while they seen this, he said, I thought it was different. The Eagles fans is really crazy. Oh, wa they about to Fight another.


Yeah, we just seen this week. He was like, he was like, I saw that video. He was like, they're really crazy. He said, I thought it was like just regular. No, I seen Wale. I said, is that Wale? It is about to work Wale out there, man. You gotta understand this. You understand this. And he's some regular Eagle fan. No, but you gotta understand this. Philadelphia Eagles was the first, they had the first stadium with a police district in it. Yeah. Back in the day. That tell you all you need to know. That's all You need to know. That's all you need to know. Philly, don't be playing. I Don't know. Why is he like that though? Gimme A little. He love Lu shit. So bro, this you don't understand. I got videos on my phone and like different teams and they just like walk into their car and the Eagle fan come out and just knock the hell outta For no reason.


What's wrong? Knock your head off, nigga. Yeah. Fuck. Why? No reason why, why, why, Why, why? We Like that? I don't know. 'cause I don't, I really don't know why we like that. Isn't a cowboy fan. Oh man. Don't, don't wear that shit up though. No. You'll die. You, you'll fucking around something happy to you. It's Serious. It is really serious, Man. Hey, why Though? You gotta understand we took so long to win a championship, man. And you gotta understand, we the, like the, the Super Bowl started in like 19, like 61 or something, something like that. And we had to hear from cowboy fans in Washington. Red skin fans.


Y'all never even won a Super Bowl, man. When, you know how long we had to hear that shit my whole life up until 2018. Man, I had to hear that man. So now that we won, oh man, we just, you can't tell us nothing, man. You appreciate it though. No, I do though. Let me, I, I'll say that I do Appreciate it be way better than the Titans fans. Yeah. Yeah. That's white Atlanta you said? Yeah. They don't, they don't. You get a touchdown. They like this. Now, the time, time changed, time change time, time change. You Pat Senior?


Yeah. Going crazy. It was my last year in Tennessee where I kind of started to feel, I don't know, was it my last year? But I, I, I started to feel like, all right, you know, the fans started to care about the game, you know? And I was like, okay, this is what it feel like. And then when I got to Philly, I was like, I was like, oh, this, this, He talk about his last year was like, who the fans are enjoy football. One seed. Like, you know, We kind of, you got the Philly like these Nah, this is, this is, this is different man. This, they letting you know man. And you know, But when you win, you see the passion we got. You see the love we got. But When you lose what happened? Yeah.


We got this same passion. Yeah. AJ dropped the fuck ball. No, but let me just say this. Once you win the Super Bowl, bro, just, you, you a you a Philadelphia legend. Forever. Forever. Yeah. You like, you, you this go like you going to be 45 years old, 50 years old, still in Philly signing autographs, getting checks. Yeah. I gotta go past the dick sign these autographs stuff. Yeah, you same Brian, Brian Kins and me ain't want no Super Bowl.


Yeah. Legend Wolverine. Al Iverson didn't even win the NBH championship legend. Did I see you on the ground doing, hitting, hitting the, the Wolverine, Man. Yeah. You hey. I thought that's what we were doing. That's right before I turned to Kenny. I love but man, we wanna, we wanna thank you for coming through bro. Man. You know what I mean? Super Bowl champion. Best wide receiver in the league. 'cause none of the other wide receivers got a Super Bowl. I said it, he didn't say it. Shout out to the whole Eagles organization. Everybody behind the scenes. The ball boys. The towel people. Yeah.


The, my people like Sean, my, my, one of my production people used to work for y'all. He washed all the jock straps we called. Yeah. Sean was a jock strap. We called him the jock Lord. Yeah. Shout out to everybody behind the scenes man. We just want to thank you, brother. Tell you have a great season. Be healthy and just go ahead and get that second ring, man. Yes sir, man. Let's do it man. I appreciate y'all for having me, man. Appreciate you man. Appreciate you for coming, man. Real talk best. Why receiving the league in the, in the league Best, AJ BROWN. And it's just like that right?