
Hey, Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right? You're now tuned into me, me, me, me, me. Million dollars Mworthofgame. Yes. Listen, man, we got a brother B Jizz on here, man. Yes. Listen, man, these two, let me just break something down. See these twos dudes, they go back. These brothers go back. See, a lot of y'all don't know that Gilly was the official cash money blunt ruler back in the day. And he wrote a thousand blunts of a jizz in the gang. Like it was crazy, man. He was rolling blunts up, you know what I mean?


He was the roadie. See a lot of y'all in our coach, we don't know. Like in a rock and roll coach, they got this, what you call a roadie, A dude that just hang around, grab food, you know, do all type of for dudes, man, you know, I mean, to go get, take laundry when you, when you on the tour bus, sometimes you ain't gotta washing machine. So you gotta take everybody laundry when you stop at a town, go to the Lama, wash everybody. He was a Maytag on the street. You see what I'm saying? And he was like a chef. He do thing, he, boy that carried the book bag around, he carried the book bag around with the money, the condoms, the burn, the phone, all that type of, that's what he was doing. Fuck. He was a camera cameraman. The DJ security. It's whatever they needed at night. Yo man, the dj, where he at, man? Man, he's somewhere. Come on, Gil, grab the one.


Don't, He was a little bit of a thing, you know what I mean? Fuck. But For like, but like, you know what's crazy? Like you always hear the stories, Gil and Cash Money, what was y'all brotherhood like on Cash Money back in the day when you Gil first came down with Y'all? Oh man. So I had, for real, for real. That was, he come down, I had just left. You heard me? You know what I'm saying? But he was tied in with some street dudes that I was still, you know, affiliated with my homie, rest in Peace, killer Stone rest. What I mean, beast Killer Love You. And, and, and yeah, man, me, me, me and Gilet, you know, ran into each other and met, you know, through Stone or whatever. And it just was always real man and always authentic, you know what I'm saying?


And yeah, man, like, you know, he, he be reminding me of stories, you know what I mean? You know, when he pull up on me in the projects, you know what I'm saying? And I'm out there, you know, wilding, you know, I mean, and, and, and that, Let's keep It real. Yeah. Man, I was young, wild Records, man. Let's keep it real, man. BG bought all the gangsters a cash money, man. Come on Man. I I know the truth. Huh? Huh huh? I Ain ain't no knock on cash money and nothing. But BG brought all the gangsters around Cash money. Hmm. Yeah. Nice. How Do it, how do it, you know? 'cause I, I wonder like I, I see artists, right? Hold On before we go any further, man. Shout some shout. Shout out to Hot Bezo, Big Mike.


Oh, what's up? Hey, I just left him too, man. You hear me? Shout to shout out to my nephew, Nino. You heard? Hear Me? Yeah. Shout all our People. Shout out to Nigga. Wow. Shout out out To C Joe. Shout out. Shout out to Busy. Shout out to keep on OG Step. Yeah, that's Mike, You know, step again, that life sentence back, man. You heard me. Know what I'm saying? He got You mean I know everybody, man. I'm just saying. I Understand. I know everybody that count. Nigga, Shout out. Shout out to my brother. Gas down in no Rap Cat podcast, man.


Oh, that's my, absolutely. Absolutely. That's my mo that's the shout out to Gas doing his thing. Check him out. That's the broke. Now I gotta get into this because like, how does it feel to still be out here making that rap money after all these years going to ups and downs, you know, the struggles we have, you know, you had a lot of struggles with life addiction, going to prison and to be back out decades later and like, still being able to get back with your brothers, going a tour, make money, take care of your family. Right? How does all that feel? I ain't lying, man. It, it's, it, it is nothing short of a blessing, man. 'cause for real, for real. Like, you know, when I got them 14 years, I really thought it was over for me, man.


Yeah. I thought they had closed the curtains on me, you know what I mean? Like, you know, it's hard to me relevant in this, in this rap thing for, for a week. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. One, you know, a year, two years, you know what I mean? So, you know, to be gone 12 and a half years and, and, and come home and, you know, still be able to pack out arenas, you know, still be able to pack out clubs and, you know, just still had the opportunity, you know, to going the road and, and, and, and, and get to a bag and, and put out music. And people still, you know, want to hear from you. It's, it's, it's a blessing. And it just let me know that, that, that the music that, that we made, you know, prior to me going to prison, past the test of time, man, Alright, now you, you, you do your bit, you come home.


And then I'm looking on the internet one day and they say they arrested BG for rap. I said, hold the fuck up. Hold Up for what? For Rap? For, for, for doing the song, man. Just making music. So I'm like, how the, you lock somebody up for making music. So once I seen it, I did, I reached out to 'em. Yo man, what's up? I put you with my people over there at Reform. And I'm like, Hold up. This ain't, 'cause I just, I didn't understand. How did that whole play out? You, you, you've been doing music your whole life. You only took care of your family doing music, right? Right, right. That's your job, right? That is your occupation, that's your Business Life. Yeah, exactly. Like, like so you come home, you like, I'm going back to do my job. Exactly. I'm not breaking the law. And how, how did that go? How the, how the, how did that go, man?


Hold up. I mean, first and foremost man, I want to thank you. You know, this is my first chance getting an opportunity to thank you in person. You know what I'm saying? For reaching out to me. Like when, when I was going through that situation and, you know, offense, you know what I'm saying? To, to, to just help me and you let me know. You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna stand with you, whatever I can do, you know what I'm saying? To help you. I'm with you. And I just want you to know that I appreciate much love life from the bottom of my heart, heart. But you know, All Luther King, Shout out, shout out, shout out To, to reform. I had a, I called him, I Call one day. I called him the reform. I'm saying he a rapper. Good, go ahead. And this man play all did man book, book. But but bro, it kind of threw me off, man.


Because like, I, like, like you say, like I, I, I, My my intentions was to always come home and, you know, get back to doing what I do. Right. You know what I mean? So, you know, when, when, when they, when they, so first they said that before they, they didn't want me doing nothing pertaining to rap or nothing pertaining to entertainment that I could make money off of unless I got prior written consent from the court. Right. You know what I mean? So I was like, So you had to give permission for freedom of speech. Yeah. Yeah. I had to, I had to give permission to rap period. You know what I mean? That's crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


What The laws there? You gotta get a permission to talk. And that's where the whole title for the album Freedom of Speech came From. Damn. They told you you could talk, but none of that better not rhyme. Crazy. That's crazy. Nah, it, it, it, it, it messed me up. Right. Because you know, when you in the halfway house, you're still technically a BOP inmate. You know what I mean? So Brio Prisons, I was, I was, I was in the halfway house and I did the album, you know, with Gucci Man, the, the, the choppers and bricks, you know what I mean? I, I did the feature, you know, with with, with Kevin Gaon, the Red, we shot the video, you know, did all that. So the halfway house had gave me permission, you know, to go to the studio, you know, shoot videos, you know, do the album or whatever.


And soon as I got out of the halfway house, bam, they came for me. You know what I mean? Like, once I start being governed by the United States probation officer, they was already waiting in the cuff for me. You know what I mean? And they was like, yo, you violated You up, Man. I'm talking. I'm like, I ain nothing. I ain had no gun, Bro. I ain't had no gun. Well, from the gangster, All I did was, you know, man, listen, all I did was, you know, trying to provide for my family, you know, trying to get some money, trying to get back on my feet. And man, them people, man, they put a warrant out for my arrest. My PO called me in and she was like, man, I, and I knew something felt funny because I had just been in two weeks Earlier.


Right. She like, yo, I need to talk to you. So she called Me, she called me like, man, I need you to come in, blah, blah, blah, BB, you know what I'm saying? So I'm like, Hold up Trey, something ain't right, man. This don't feel right, man. You know what I'm saying? So man, I go in there, bam, she open the door and soon as I walk in the US marshal right behind the door, like, put your hands on the wall. I'm like, what I did, you know what I'm saying? And man, I read the paperwork and, and yeah, they said, you know, that the song I did with Kevin Gates was a violation of my probation. The album I did with Gucci Man was a violation of my probation. You know, the song I did here was a vi. And I'm like a violation. I ain't did nothing. But, and they was like, yeah, man, nah, you, you, you ain't supposed to be doing no rapping.


You ain't supposed to be doing none of that unless you get prior written consent from the court. And then that's what, you know, I had to hire all these attorneys and, you know, So But they but they took you back, right? Huh? They took him to jail? Yeah, they, Yeah, they took me to jail, but I, I got out like the next day, you know what, what I mean, like, yeah, yeah, yeah. They let me out the next day because my PO was like, he's been doing everything that he's supposed to do. You know, he haven't failed in a drug test since he, you know, been under me. He, he's, you know, he's, he's compliant, compliant with everything, you know what I mean? So my po was, was 100% support of me, you know what I mean? Shout out to the PO man. Yeah. But I, I, I, yeah, I have been like, why you ain't say that before I got down here?


You can't, sometimes you can't. The people that might 'cause it might, Might, you Might came from New Orleans. Listen, You might have a PO that ain't that, that the person that's coming for you, they rank supersede your PO ring fast. They can't really say nothing right there. But when you get in front of the, the court, a court officer, they can say something with a joint it, whoever It's out there. That's how you know I'm smoking that you niggas ain't never set a fire alarm off with I said the fire alarm off and get two rooms over. See what I'm saying?


This episode of a million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by Planet Fitness. Everybody can get strong at Planet Fitness. How value memberships that support any fitness journey as low as $15 a month. There are over 2,700 club locations with most clubs open 24 hours best in class equipment. The same high quality equipment as other more expensive gyms for a full workout. From strength training and cardio to stretching, brand new plate loaded machines, hack squat, souping bench and calf race. Friendly, welcoming staff, unlimited free fitness training. I mean, what else? What, what you looking for? Other than that, when you go to a gym, you know, great staff, great weights, great training, great stretching, great conditioning, Planet Fitness, that's where it's at. So when, whenever you go and you're looking for a gym that's going to get you right, just know Planet Fitness should be on the menu and just know we are all strong on this planet. Join today in club online or in free pf app hours, amenities offers vary by club. Please check out Planet Fitness dot com or stop by your local club For more information. Planet Fitness, the best way to get in shape must be 18 years old to enroll or 13 to 17 with a parent or guardian.


This episode, a million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by New Amsterdam Vodka. Now, life ain't going your way. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your wife cheating today. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming in, but it didn't come your way. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. Is it still five times? It's filtered three times for that clean, crisp finish. You could drink it straight up on the rocks. Juice soda is up to you. Or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. But when you're out and about at your local liquor store, this is where it's at. Don't you walk past this New Amsterdam Vodka, you scoop it up like a funboy at the gold line, get it to that register boot, take it home and drink the way of your choice. New Amsterdam Vodka. Get in tune. Just wave the official vodka of bar stoop sports. It's create for pre-gaming as well. Shout out to the new Amsterdam queen Tootie be at the create with a girlfriends doing the cocktails and things Right? Nah, but but that's what it was.


That's it. Be it, it came from the courts. It wasn't even, it Came all the way from New Orleans. Yeah. And you were In Vegas. It came all the way from, and I'm all the way in Vegas. 'cause and I knew if I would've went back to New Orleans, it would've been an accident waiting to happen. That's why I didn't even get released to New Orleans. I did a, a, a, a relocation transfer and went to Vegas, you know, want to start all over, you know what I'm saying? And, you know, put my life back together and things of that nature. So I went to Vegas. Yeah. 'cause I knew in my heart, I'm like, man, I go back to New Orleans, they gonna try to trick me. You hear me? You know what I'm saying? And I went to Vegas and they still was on my line way from New Orleans, man. Mm. So Hold, Let me ask him a question, man. So they're 14 years, man. You know what I mean? 'cause we got a lot of, you know what I mean?


That's there some time that came on the show. And I like to ask them all the same questions. 'cause we like, we, we find out some interesting things about these gangsters. They go to jail. Like we found out that Beanie Siegel was a prison waiter. He used to fold the knobs and the No, that's just working in the kitchen. Yeah, But the beans Mean, I mean, I worked in Laundry. We worked in the kitchen. Yeah, yeah. I worked in laundry. Oh, you was a Maytag? He was a Maytag. Hey, that was the only prison job I had. You know what I'm saying? But the, the, the lady who ran laundry came, got me. You know what I ain nobody Was falling.


She's, Know what I'm saying? What don't do that man. You know what I'm saying? But you know, Having side, I I'm saying where, you know, you watch you over somebody back. Yeah man, you come on man. You know what, you know anything else, you know, he had all the jobs. He was a, he, he shot a movie in prison. He was a prison director. He shot Wallace in Wonderland and get the fuck outta here. He lying. I didn't do that. No, but, but, But, but I understand what you're saying. People don't, this ib, you'll be there and you would be doing industrial laundry. So you'd just be throwing bags in the fucking joint and Exactly. And the people come get they bags you.


Exactly. Now, if you crack a bag open, say your Joan come down there with your name on and crack it open and fold your drawers or, so that mean fucker trying to take you on a date or something, throw some candy bars back and he come back on your block, Get In like when you got the SL was on your bed old head to save you. Yeah. Yeah. It was different. Yeah. He, he got to his cell one time. He was young, fresh in the prison, had a whole setup for him on the bed. He said, oh, this is nice. Right. I thought it was, man, I ain't know what was going on. Oh, it came in there and saved the life. But, but this, the whole thing be jizz. How did, how is it going from being at the least top of the world? You know, you heavy in the game. You get locked up, you go to prison and it's like your world stopped.


What was going through your mind? Like, I ain't lying. Like, I mean, I, I I mean I, you know, I'm a street dude, right? So I always knew, you know, things that I was off into, you know, khali, you know what I'm saying? Like, so it wasn't like I was no angel out here, you know what I'm saying? But you know, when it happened to you though, and like, and then you get in there and, and you know you ain't no bond. You know what I'm saying? And then, you know, you got all these responsibilities, you know, people depending on you, moms, everybody, kids man. You know what I'm saying? Like, you know, just everything stop. It's like, man, you know, I didn't, I didn't let my people down. Like, you know, I'm in here man. These people, you know what I'm saying? They, they trying to nail me to the cross.


Like, you know, reality kick in, you know what I mean? And, and you be like, man, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. It, it's, it's, it is a hell of A feeling. Lemme lemme ask both of y'all this question. 'cause both of y'all did some serious time. Right. And you know, when you see, you see these young boys go to jail right now. They do FaceTime calls home, you know, everything be be it, be a game. Yeah. You, you are. We up here riding. It's all, it is like, it's like this is way At can shit. Yeah. Not mean I ain they tripping. You Know what I Mean? What I'm saying? Because, but but, but, but at the beginning of the call it see the call is being monitored.


What I'm saying. Absolutely. And that's what I be like, like damn Man. Like, but this is my point I'm trying to get to, I'm trying to show the youngins out there Right. That a motherfucker call you and they could talk all that good fly on the phone. You ain't about nothing. You know, I'm in here staying tall like city hall, you know, all the good old slogans. I mean it sound good. Right. But the reality of it is, I wanna ask both of you this starting off with you low, how many nights in there did you shed a tear though? How many nights in there? And what, and and what was some of those things that made you shed a tear?


Like it's my daughter birthday. Damn. It's the holidays and I ain't home. Damn. I can't take my, my, it's my son. First day of school. How was those nights? Man, it's countless nights because like, first of all, first of all, you do time right. And you don't, you know, you come in there, you realizing that you got a number and it's like, you gotta do this many years. But once you get that five years in that six year mark, seven year mark, you're like, Hold up. Y'all can let me the fuck go now. Yeah. I get It. You just wake up. You be like, what the fuck? I'm tired. I'm tired of this dumb. Because you know at first you, you, you, you grow in prison because you, you, you, you, you, you be like, but then you out you be like, Damn, I'm tired of this fucking singing across the hall other day.


I'm tired of this running around arguing with this girl on the phone every day. Like, you gotta deal with, you gotta deal with so many different personalities every day. Then you gotta deal with the guards. They coming in here mad at the world sometimes shaking Your cell out. They shake your cell down. You don't know if you don't know you like ain ain't trying to lose my stinger. Ain ain't trying to lose my s SmartBooks my extra pictures. Nah, you just so my that that, that might don't mean nothing. Nobody else in the world. You just, so now the reality hit. Like you get a, they call yo they want you down at the chapel. You go to the chapel. Yeah. We sorry to inform you. Your grandma just passed you like what? Yeah, your son just passed. What you, you just, you hearing all this up news, you can't do nothing about it.


Family members are sick. They, they, people dying from camp different. It's just a lot of shit that nobody can see. 'cause as a young dude, you can't even tell a young, listen man, get out the street, the car coming man you gotta hit me. So, so they can't even, they can't even, even think about five years from now. That's why they go in there and be on the campus. Yeah. I'm holding it down. I let me see you in six years. Nah, nah. Facts. Lemme see you in six years. When shit start big facts shit. Shit starts when They register it, start registering, start registering. And you realize that ain't nobody writing you that, that that your baby mom, she done had two kids. You only been down three years. She had two kids by two. You know she got two kids, two, you know, you just keep seeing like the pill keep getting shot down.


'cause they told your mom Yeah, don't worry about it. We gonna get him on the pill. The pill we gotta give us 15 more thousand. Mm. She done mortgage the house. She 25,000 in on lawyers and compensate money. And, and then that date it come through the mail denied. They don't understand that man. Selling Them hope. Man. I be home next year. Yep. You lying. I'm saying I be, you know what I'm saying? Like everybody, next year, every year, year I be every year. Next year you coming home next year. You know what I'm saying? Like, but nah, ain ain't gonna lie. It it done been plenty nights bro. Like well you might might have found myself, you know what I'm saying? With a couple of tears coming down. 'cause you, you, you know what I'm saying? You in there, you're cell asleep, you know what I'm saying? The lights out. You know, you talking, you know, you just laying there like Man.


And then you watching your brother, I watching Wheezy and them go out. I'm, You heard me? You know what I'm saying? They going up, They Eating, they on tour. You know what I'm saying? Like everybody, I'm like You looking at it. Let me Let ask you a question. Let me ask you a question. 'cause did, did it hurt more that you was bg? Because it's a little different when you like Little Jamal, right? Oh, right. Or rather Jamal right there. He the same age as me, man. But that ain't never want nothing in life that never had this, never had no goals, no ambitions, nothing.


I was actually one of the big s in the world. Yeah, yeah. Nah. And I'm Here with this raggedy. Yeah. Nah, facts. Nah, it, it, it, it, it definitely did. Knowing that, that, you know, I I I, 'cause I had been made that out the hood, man, like, like a long time ago. Like, you know, I had been, you know, on and you know, platinum albums and you know, things of that nature and you know, it was a lot of things that I was off into that I really ain't had no business, you know, being off into, you know what I'm saying? And the process, you know, of me trying to help my out and, and, and pull them out. I let them suck me back in. You know what I'm saying? So for real, for real. I'm like a not on do example of of, of when keeping it real goes wrong, man.


That's, you know what I mean?


This episode, a million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by DraftKings. It's officially the best time of the year for Hoop fans. Playoff, drama, puzzle of beaters, all the chaos we live for. And if you're done just watching and ready to actually win some cash, you gotta check out pick six from DraftKings. Nobody's dropping better payouts than pick six. Hit six picks. Hit six picks. And that's 25 times your cash. And if you beat your competition, you could be looking at 500 times bag in your pocket. That's 500 times. Think about that. It's super simple. Select your picks, track your score and go for those big time prizes. No gimmicks, just straight up fun. Pick six is live in most states like Missouri, Cali, Texas, Georgia, and plenty more. So yeah, don't settle for weak payouts. Make make your picks with Pick six and let your basketball brain pay off new to Draft King. Pick six new customers tossing just $5. Just one of those three Quantro Cinco $5 when your first entry. And you'll get 50 in bonus picks instantly. You hear me? So you bet $5, you get 50 in bonus pick instantly the playoffs are on. So why not take a shot at making a little money while you're watching? Download the DraftKings. Pick six at right now and use Code Gilly. That's code Gilly BET $5 and get 50 in bonus picks. Better payouts, bigger wins. Only on pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Put it on. Wear It Gambling Problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit ccpg dot org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawable. Pick six bonus picks that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer terms at pick six dot Draftkings dot com slash promos.


Right. This episode of a million dollars Mworthofgame is bought to you by JackPocket. Order the Lottery tickets right from your phone with JackPocket America's number one Lottery app. JackPocket has so many Lottery games to choose from. They have Powerball, they have Mega Millions, and they have other official state Lottery games. Best of all, new customers get first Lottery ticket free using Code Gilly. So what are we waiting for? Can you pull your phone out right now? Download JackPocket Punch in Code Gilly. You get your first Lottery ticket for free. I'm talking about Mega Mega Millions Powerball. If you hit you wealthy forever or me, I mean what are you waiting for? JACKPOCKET America's number one Lottery app. Download JackPocket app right now. Don't forget Code Gilly Jackpocket America's number one Lottery app. An official partner of Barstool Sports. If you have a Gambling Problem, one 800 GAMBLER. If you in New York, call 8 7 7 8 OP 8 7 7 8 H-O-P-E-N-Y or Tex Hope NY JACKPOCKET America's number one Lottery Gambling Problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 18 or older, 19 or older in Nebraska, 21 or older in Arizona. Jackpocket is a lottery courier and not affiliated with any State Lottery Eligibility restrictions. Apply Void where prohibited promo code required for $5. Non withdrawable credit terms at jkpt dot co slash draw Sponsored by Jackpocket Based on 2024 iOS download data collected by Sensor Tower.


What, What, what advice could you give to the young brothers now that's in the music game that they made it, they put theyself in a great position to where though they're away from the hood, they're away from it. But they just keep coming back and keep juggling, Man. I mean, man, listen man, think about you man. 'cause you, you damned if you do, damned if you don't. Right. You know what I'm saying? So it's like you not used to always worry about, you know, what thing about me, you know what I'm saying? Like, oh man, that change or, you know, that keeping it real, that forgot where he came from, man, all that. 'cause you know, that's them saying, you know what I'm saying? When you go to jail, nothing gonna be calling you stupid. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Insane. You know what I'm saying? Like, oh man. You know what I'm saying? Like dumb.


Yeah. You feel me? You know what I mean? So it's like, man, I Was down there anyway. You feel me? You know what I mean? Like, and, and yeah man, like, like, like, like, like once you make it out, man, and, and, and, and know you made it out man. You, you just man, you, you, you gotta thank for yourself man. You know what I'm saying? And, and, and thank for your family and, and just, you know, just, just just make the right decisions man. To, to stay, you know, in that position, man. And, and, and don't get caught up man. With, with especially, you know, with, with the internet or, or with trying to prove yourself, you know what I'm saying? Like, 'cause if you know who, if you comfortable in your own skin and you know you Yeah. You know what I'm saying, then you ain't what you got to prove what what I'm saying.


And niggas get caught up, man, still trying to prove they self man. You know what I mean? That's the fact That's real. Now, now you, you out here, you back on the scene, how did it take you to get into your groove? Because the sounds change, you know how music changed, you know, it changed so dramatically every year. Music changing. Yeah. How do you come back out here and go in the booth to go create, you know, freedom of speech that in the movie? Like how do you come out and get in your creative juices flowing? 'cause you know, did you come out and study what was going on? Was you Yeah, nah, I was definitely, you know, I was, I was listening to, you know, all the music and, 'cause I'm a hip hop head, you know what I'm saying? I'm, I'm fans of, you know, pretty much everything and everybody, you know what I'm saying?


I tune into it all. Right. You know what I mean? So, you know, I I definitely, you know, seen the changes and this that and the other, but I've always been that, that, that, that felt like a originality and, and authenticity, you know, created longevity. You know what I'm saying? So ain ain't want, I'm used to setting trends. I ain't trying to follow the trends. Right. You know what I'm saying? So really, I just came out here and, and, and just, you know, man, I'm gonna do me, you know what I mean? And, and that, that's doing me always worked for me, you know what I'm saying? Because it would work for Gilly, you know what I'm saying? Might not work for me, would work for Wallo, you know, might not work for me. So I ain't gonna try to, you know, create no song, you know, sounding like NBA young boy or, you know, try to create a sound that sound like, you know, X, Y, z who I don't like, I'm a, I'm a I'm a, you know, do what work for me man.


And, and yeah man, that, that, that that, that, that was my process, man. You know what I mean? Because my fan base, you know, expect to hear, you know, grizzle being dizzle, you know what I mean? So, and, and, and that was the main thing for real, for real on my being me not wanting to just, you know, lose my swag or, or lose my sound or, or or just lose, you know, what, what, what made me, you know, who I am. You know what I mean? And yeah, man. 'cause when you in the feds and you traveling and you know, you being around from 50 different states and you hearing all this different lango and, you know, hearing all these different accents, like it's easy to Yeah. You know, get to talking like, you know what I'm saying?


And nigga from somewhere else, or, and, and nah man, but yeah, I like it's in you, not on you, man. You know what I'm saying? And I'm definitely one of the ones who feel like it's in me. You know what I mean? So for real, for real. I just came home and just jumped in that John and just, you know, did me, Let me say this, when I came first came to New Orleans, right. It was a real like awakening. Like, 'cause Philly is some ghe Facts, Like you feel what I'm saying? But when I first came to New Orleans and I'm hanging with Killer Stone and I'm at the projects and I'm just observing. And that's when the project was the project. And I'm like, when they, to that John down, I'm like, these is like where we from in Philly, we was poor.


I'm like, this is Poe like this a little different. Like, you feel what I'm saying? And I'm standing out there and I'm observing and I'm like, okay, cool. All right. That, that, that part of the projects is shut down, that's boarded up. And there's some kids run out there. Fuck. I'm like, It's not boarded up. That's somebody's friend. And I'm just like, I'm just observing and I'm like, there's some ghet shit right here. And I'm like, and it's a little different 'cause there's some ghetto country. Hmm.


Like You might see a fucker right here. Like, you gotta understand they taking a nigga straight from outta Philadelphia. I got down there rest in peace to my man vamp. This had fangs in. I'm like, I'm like this some shit like this, this, this. It was a, you feel what I'm saying? It was just a, a different world. Nah, but you know, van. But the ghetto facts, the ghetto Body language, the, the, the herb, it was all the same Facts. And that's what I learned from You Feel what I'm saying too, man? Like all hood's the same. We just talk a little different. Yeah, yeah.


Because it took me, took me a while to understand, well, wha is everybody crying for No The fuck is, Oh man. But Killer Stone introduced me to you and you was a youngin. You was younger, I think you younger than me. I'm 48. I'm, I'm 44. Yeah. So you was a little younger than me, but you was, you was very much respected. You feel what I'm saying? And at this time, you and Stunner wasn't on the best terms. Right. Right, right, Right. You know what I mean?


And then the, the very next day after we ke introduce you to me and we busting it up, kicking it at the bar, we shoot a video, cash money, stun them, shoot a video and the hood the next day. I remember that. You on a porch with about 50 nicks. Man, I used to be, bro, listen, you Was in you, you going as stun or bad? Yeah. No, I was in my body, bro. I I was hurt, bro. I was in my feeling. You listen, you Yeah, right. I was in my feeling. I'm talking about you going heavy. Yeah. Threw me all under, threw, I'm, I'm witch gonna walk to you, threw me all under the bus. What's happening? Get real nigga damn. Just throw me.


Right. Not true story, man. So he, he going to crazy on the porch. 20. I ain't saying all kinds of, I just want the money. You owe me all, all kinds of shit. Right. Then you go to jail, y'all not on the best of terms. Now you come home and y'all on tour together. What inspired the growth? I mean, man, at the end of the day, man, like, you know, Stu raised me, bro. You heard me, you know what I'm saying? Like, you know, he, he, he pretty much saved my life with this music. You know what I mean? Like, you know, if it wasn't for him, you know, and, and, and, and his dream. Right. You know what I'm saying? And, and him recognizing the talent in me, you know, at 13 years old, you know, I probably would've been dead in jail a long time ago.


You know what I'm saying? So, you know, my daddy got killed when I was 12. Know what I'm saying? Stu snatched under his wing, you know, when I was 13, you know what I'm saying, grown me, you know, nurture me, you know what I'm saying? Nurture my talent. You know what I'm saying? So even though we got a relationship that's a little deeper than rap. Right. You know what I'm saying? So, you know, even though, you know, we went through everything, we went through the financial discrepancies and you know, all this and all that, like, I'm always have, you know, a, a a a love fund. You know what I'm saying? That, that that supersede, you know what I mean? What, you know, we, we, we went through because of just the history. Right. You know what I mean?


And you know, I remember back in, in, in, in, I think it was like oh seven when his little sister Tamara died in the car crash. Right. You know what I mean? Like, that's when really, you know, we, we kind of mended our relationship, you know what I'm saying? Because Tamara was like a sister to me too, you know what I'm saying? Like, we grew up together. So that's when I really, you know, was like, man, like life's too short, man. I'm gonna just gone, you know, ain ain't tripping on that. You know what I'm saying? At the end of the day, you know, it is what it is. I'm, you know what I'm saying, I'm doing me, I'm working on Chop City. I'm billing my brand, woo woo woo, whatever, whatever, whatever. And from that moment, you know, we started growing or whatever, whatever. But you know, then when I fell on my bed, you know what I'm saying?


Like, you know, he, you know, stepped up to the plate and, you know, whenever I needed him, you know what I'm saying, you know, he come through for me, you, I call he bumping for me. He come visit me, you know what I'm saying? Like, and you know, you know Sugar slim, like, sugar don, like that's, that's, you know, that's the, the big homie, homie. Like, you know, our relationship is, you know what I'm saying? Like, that's like, like a nigga grandfather type, you know what I mean? So like I said, it's, it's, it's, you know, man with me and stunner, man, it's, it's, it's just a, you know, a little, a little deeper than rap. You know, he, and, and we all, you know, and, and we still bump heads from time to time, you know what I mean? Like, but you know, I'm like I said, I was a kid back then, but you know, you nigga's super grown now, you know what I'm saying?


So, you know, it just is what it is like, but, but for the, for the, for the most part, bro, like, you know, I, I I recognize and understand though that, you know, saved my life bro. And I'm a forever be grateful for That.


What's up everybody? I'm Wallo two six, $7 million Mworthofgame. And I am a role partner. One thing about Ro Ro is a life changer. So if you're going through something right now with Ed, don't even worry about it. Ro is gonna take care of all that. Ro Sparks is a two on one prescription treatment for stronger, harder erections. I'm talking about. You're gonna be, you're gonna be standing like a statue. I'm telling you, life is gonna change. They hit the bloodstream like this. They work in 15 minutes on average. And guess what that mean? More sex, more any, I'm, it's a game changer. You want a thicker, a longer erection. Rose Sparks is here for you. Rose Sparks is active in your system for 36 hours. So you go back to back round at the round and be ready in the morning, be ready for play with Road Sparks Road connect guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online. So there's no awkward conversations with in-person providers. You don't have to worry about none of that. If approved treatment shipped directly to your door, I'm talking about come, you ain't gotta go nowhere. It go right to your door. If you get approved, if prescribed new sexual health partners give $15 off Sparks on recurring plans, Connect with a provider at RO dot co slash mdw to find out if prescription Ro Sparks is right for you. That's Ro dot co slash mdw for $15 off your first order. What are you waiting for?


Now I'm gonna commend you for that because you know, it's all up to the individual if you know whether they going to forgive, whether they going to grow, whether they going, you know, and most be like for the rest of their life. You feel what I'm saying? So for you to be able to grow and be like, because think about it. If you didn't grow, you wouldn't even be on tour right now. Nah. Speak facts. So it took a part of you to grow and forgive and, and, and understand that some of the things that even happened to me happened to me because I wasn't all the way on point Accountability too.


That what I mean, that's I'm doing too. 'cause a lot of times it's easy for us to blame people, but we don't never say, Hold up, did I my dream up, what was I doing? Right. You know what I mean? Because one thing about it is like, for you to say that stun to say your life, one of my one, it it is multiple songs in the cash money catalog. That's powerful. But one of the songs that's the most powerful is on big Time is my life. When you was talking and you was like, man, I done been mad up, man. I was in group homes. I was, and you basically saying like, this shit changed, this shit changed my life. And because you were so emotional in between, you know, every, every time the verse go, you, I think you and Turk talk on this joint, but you was talking, you remember what I'm saying?


You was talking, you just was speaking your pain and you was like, I was up out here, man, I was home, I was in, I was in group homes. I was trying. And, and that song was so powerful because you hear, you rap a lot, but right there you was just vulnerable and just speaking from the heart, right. The how you was feeling based off of what happened. Because a lot of times we see who do is wrong, but sometimes we don't see the wrong we do to ourself. Nah. Facts and for real, for real. You know what I'm saying? Like, like for real, like, I come off the porch like in, in New Orleans, like, like in my era, like it's serious down there. Like, like nigga come off the porch on heroin. Wrong man. You know what I'm saying? Like, that's like smoking weed, right? You know what I'm, And I'm gonna keep it real, You know, I was sn dope at 15, you know what I mean?


And, and stunner like he, he, he, he, he never wanted me to get high, bro. Like, and that was, that was his main thing with me. Like, he used to always, you know, try to steer me away from that, you know what I mean? And, and that's, you know, where we used to be colliding at because you know, I was running with, you know, the big homies and you know, all the T had no, you know what I'm saying? And he just, you know, didn't want me getting high, you know what I'm saying? So you still Away from that? He, he, he, you know, he and, and, and, and, and, and I'm listening to the, oh man, you man, you man, man, Stu your daddy, ah, he, you know what I'm saying? Woo woo. You Trying to go against That and I'm, and I'm bucking that, you know what I mean?


Like, man, my daddy, woo, in actuality he really was giving Dad Advice. I'm saying my Exactly. You know what I mean? But I'm, you know, listening to them, you know what I'm saying? And, and you know, going away from, from that advice and, and, and yeah man, that's, I I I think that's, you know, where, where you know the up at, you know what I'm saying? When, when I should have been taking the good advice, you know what I'm saying? I was, you know, trying to pr to these s you know what I'm saying? Yeah. That, you know, I'm a gangster and I'm down and it's all grave and we thugging and we out here. You know what I'm saying? And yeah, man, but yeah, that was, that was, that was the main thing, man. He, he just ain't, he like, man, bro, bro man, come on bro.


Don't this up, man. You know what I'm saying? Like, don't fuck this up for us, man. You know what I'm saying? Man, you tripping man. Like man, what man, what is you doing? You know what I'm saying? And yeah, that's, that's that, that's the main thing. Now, hold on. And, and, and that was the difference right there between New Orleans and Philly. We both was poor cities, but Philly wasn't a city where young did dope. You feel what I'm saying? Now? Where this, now you go down Kensington, you see all ages. I'm talking about 19, 17, 34.


But When we got, when I got to New Orleans and dope was really the choice of like, I done heard in New Orleans telling, oh, you smoking weed that old, you need to graduate And that's too, nah, that's real. Oh, puss, oh, smoking weed. I'm talking about all the Like bricks Snorting dope. You know what I'm saying? And that be your downfall too, you know what I'm saying? Towards the end, like, yo, yeah, man, that was something That like, I'll never forget, like when a nigga told the, You need to graduate bitch.


I'm like, damn, you need to step it up. Like what? Like, And now, and now it's the pharmaceutical era. Like, you know what I'm saying? These on these pills drink. No. Like it's, it's, it is wild. How wild, How do it feel that spent so many years young now you a adult and you just sober, Man, it, it, it feel good man. You know what I'm saying? You, you, you could see clear, you know what I'm saying? You, you could, you could see clear, you know what I'm saying? You, you, you could thank clear, you know what I mean? And yeah, man, ain ain't, I ain't, I ain't, man, bro. It, you know what I'm saying? You, you could have, you know, conversations, you know what I'm saying?


With, with people and they come out clear, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. You can focus on your business, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like, you could just, yeah, man. Yeah. It's, it's, it's a beautiful feeling, Man. Let me ask you this. A beautiful, if you could, if you could, if looking at your life, right, and, you know, we take it as it come, we say, you know, all the things in life that, you know, that, that I've been through is who made me who I am today. But hypothetically speaking, if you could go back in time and change one thing, like I, I just wanted to, I just could go back and I, I wouldn't do this, or I, I could go back and I would be this way, or I, what would it be?


I mean, I mean like, like I done been asked that question before, right? And, and, and I, I be like, man, like you see, if you, you know, if I go back and change something, then, then I might up something good in the future, right? Because, you know, everything you go through define, you know, who you as, as is as a person. But it, it, it, it'll it'll be the drugs, bro. You know what I mean? Yeah. It, it'll be the drugs, man. It'll, it'll, it'll be, you know what I'm saying? Not, you know what I'm saying? Like, like indulging. Yeah. And, and that, yeah, that, that, that, that, that, that dope. 'cause I, I, I snorted dope from 15 to like 22. You know what I'm saying? I, I kicked it when I was like 22, 23, you know what I'm saying? And, you know, then I switched to pills and lean, you know what I mean?


And, and, and you think, and that's better, but really you just substituting Yeah. Same thing. You know what I'm saying? One for the other, you know what I mean? Like, but yeah, man, if I could go back and change anything, bro, it, it'll, it'll, it'll, it'll, it'll be with that dog food, bro. You know what I mean? Now, know what I'm saying? Me up. How did you go into Freedom of Speech, you know, the album, the film you got? How did you, how did you go into that? So I, I, I was already like, you know, in a studio, you know, working like me and Mike will made it. We was in a, you know, studio creating an album together called Live From the Halfway House.


Right. You know what I mean? But, you know, then the, the, the people thing happened threw a, yeah, they threw a monkeying wrench in my game, you know what I mean? So I couldn't, you know, put the album out. But me and Mike still dropping the album, like we changed the name and things of that nature. But I, I, I like, like, it, it, the, the, the whole, the whole, the whole title of it, you know what I'm saying, came from everything, you know, that I was going through. Yeah. Like, then the documentary came because, you know, people was, you know, wondering why I hadn't, you know, dropped no music or dropped no solo album since I've been home. And you know what, and I wasn't speaking out, I wasn't saying nothing, but I couldn't say nothing, you know what I mean?


So I just wanted to, you know, take the narrative back and really just let people see, you know, exactly what happened, what I was going through, you know what I mean, step by step. Right. You know what I'm saying? With, with, with the court process and really just, you know, tell a story from the horse's mouth, you know what I mean? So, you know, that's, that's, that's, and, and, and, and I, I, I just felt like freedom of speech, like, just, just fit, you know, so perfectly, man. Like with, with everything that I was going through, man. Like, 'cause at the end of the day, that's the first, that's what the first Amendment in place for. Right. Like, I didn't, you know, seen NWA in two live crew fights, fight two live fight crew. Yes. You know what I'm saying?


30 years ago Yep. Like with censorship and Yep. You know, all that. Right. You know what I mean? So I'm like, I saw what was going on with, with, with, with, with with Thug and the Y Cell shroud. Yes. You know what I'm saying? I I see what, you know, what little dirt going through now and them using his lyrics against him, you know what I mean? And I done seen other dudes, you know, who lyrics booy, you know what I'm saying? When he was fighting his bodies and, and his lyrics being used against him. And you know how my lyrics, you know, was used against me. So I was like, man, I, I'm like, man, I'm about to come with this freedom of speech, man. You know what I mean? I was having a conversation with somebody one day and, and, and, and, and, and you, you know how, you know, how you come up with songs just in casual conversation.


You just be talking, you say something, you be like, oh, that's a song. You know what I mean? And I was talking to somebody some one day and Freedom of Speech came out. I'm like, man, that's the title that out, man. You know what I mean? Now how is you, is you independent? Like how Did you Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm 100% independent. I got a distribution deal through Santa Ana. Okay. Santa Ana, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. Santa Ana man, I, I, I, I signed a distribution deal, you know what I'm saying? I ain't take no money up front, you know what I'm saying? I'm, you know, fun and everything myself is, you know, strictly, you know, a distribution deal. You know, they a, they aiding assist, you know what I'm saying? On, on, on, on certain things. But yeah, I I I felt like I was going to, you know, gamble on myself, man.


You know what I Mean? How, how is you dropping the, the documentary? Is it coming on Amazon Prime? Like Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it's on, it's, it's on my YouTube channel right now and This's on YouTube. But I definitely was in the works of, of trying to shop it and see if I could go get a, you know what I mean? Mm. Because I got another, I got an independent movie that I got, like, I, I got a whole bro, I got, I got a lot of, you know what I'm saying? Like, things in the bag. But, you know, I'm still transitioning and, and getting, you know what I'm saying? Like learning everything that's going on with this whole digital age. Like, it's a lot, you know what I'm saying to grasp. But, you know, I'm surrounded by, you know, some good people, man, that's, that's helping me, you know, get, you know, adjusted and, and just understanding, you know what I mean?


How everything works. So I could really just, you know, smash the gas. But I think I've been doing pretty good man, Sitting here listening to you talk. Right. You know, a lot of go to jail and it, it just be a block party. They be up there talking about who, who the best LeBron James got to work in the hood still what latest drug dealer bought the new Bentley. And, but just hearing you talk and express yourself and articulate, it seemed like you was really up there on some educating yourself. She wasn't up there on a regular just you really was up there like, you know what I'm saying?


Nah, nah, nah. I I ain't lie. I ain. I ain't gonna lie though, bro. It, it took me like maybe five, six years, bro. You heard me the lock, you didn't really get it, bro. You heard me like, and really realize like, man, I man, Hold up man. Let me tone it down because like I say, like when you get in there and, and, and you know, I started off in the medium and you know, then I got caught, you know, with some weed and, and they sent me to the USP, you know what I'm saying? So when you get in that USP and you like shit, you know what I'm saying? You round all these lifers, the whole, the whole energy change, you know what I mean? You on a unit with 140, 50, bro, it might be eight that's going home. You know what I'm saying? Everybody in there, everybody else going d in there, you know what I'm saying?


So you around, you know what I'm saying, walking around with swords on them, you know what I'm saying? Just looking for some s tension between the Mexicans and the blacks and whites and you know what I'm saying? You gotta be on point for a race ride to jumper. Like, like everything changed, like, you know what I mean? And, and, and that really, you know, me and I, and I seen a get butchered one time, you know what I mean? Like I'm talking about Yeah, butchered, you heard me, you know what I'm saying? And then I was like, man, I'm trying to go home in one piece. Listen, Did you have to go to your cell and lay down after that? No. 'cause listen, he see slapped in the head with a weight. He said, man, I had to go to myself, just lay down. He sleep it off.


Nah Bro, like that get real, like go from zero to 60 in a heartbeat. You know what I'm saying? So, you know, like, like going to that penitentiary bro. And, and, and, and you know, really getting around some good old heads, you know what I'm saying? That, that that really, you know, was giving me some good game, man. And, and just was telling me, bro, you, you, you got another shot at it, bro. You know what I'm saying? Man, listen man, man, man, you bg you know what I'm like you saying like, you know they bro, you bg bro, man, you ain't supposed to be in here with us, bro. You know what I'm saying? Man, you supposed to be out there doing this, doing that, you know what I'm saying? Woo woo, woo. Man, look, you know what I'm saying? And you know, gave me, you know, good books to read, you know what I'm saying? You know, bring me to the law library, you know what I'm saying? Just, you know, doing different, you know what I'm saying?


To, to, to grow and, and evolve and, and stay from around the shit, you know what I mean? Because you know it be your homies, you know, want to get high. Yeah. They want hooch, you know what I'm saying? He, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like, I mean, and, and I ain't gonna lie, I did my thugging, you know what I mean? Yeah. But you know, towards the, towards the end, bro. I, I, I, I, I got it right. So that's some deep, because you in you in the joint, right. And I'm here, I'm one of y'all. We all the Same facts, facts, facts, But in the joint is looking at you like you ain't supposed to be. You better than us. Yep.


That's deep. You better than us man. You ain't even supposed to be here man. You, how do that sit on your mental when you gotta go sit in the cell? Like all these, they looking at me like we all in the same, we all the same. We all did something wrong and we all ended up here. But even here, look at me a little crazy because they like, you ain't supposed to be here. So they look at they selves like, no, we supposed to be here, but you ain't supposed to be here. You special how that sit on your mental when you sitting in there?


Like, damn, Yeah, nah, that's, that's nah, that's nah, that's, that's, that's deep. Like, and, and, and, and that and that be them nights. You go back to your cell and, and like, man, I was really tripping. Like, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like man, bro, like what the, what was I thinking? You know what I mean? Like, you know, and, and yeah bro, I can't even explain it, bro. You heard me? But it, it, it just make you really realize like, man, bro, like, like man, I, I, I, I gotta get it. I, I man, I, I, yeah, I gotta do something different. Like I, I can't, yeah, I can't, I can't keep moving the way I was moving, man.


You know what I mean? Because at the end of the day, my folks don't give a about who you is, you know what I'm saying? No, they're, they'll, they'll, they'll lose you. It, you know what I'm saying? They were, man, bro, they were loop bro. I'm talking about Yeah, bro, they, they, they'll lose you in that joint, you know what I mean? And you know, just, just to him, like I say, just to him telling me that, and, and you know, for them to see me, you know, through that lens, like, you know, it, it make me feel some type of way because I'm like, nah man, I'm just like, like I'm one of y'all. I'm just a, who just happened to be a rapper, man, you know what I mean? Like, you know, I fuck up too. I make mistakes too. Like we all, you know what I'm saying, come from the same place, but it, it just, it just make me count my blessings even more, you know what I mean?


And, and make me realize like, bro, I, I can't, nah man, I get, I can't, I get another shot at it, bro. I can't throw it away like that. You know what I'm saying? Because you know, you be like, man, I wish, you know what I'm saying? I had the opportunities that you had or I wish, you know what I'm saying? I could. Oh, I wish, you know what I'm saying? Like, man, you tripping man. You man, you Lil Wayne and yeah. You know what I'm saying? Bird man, and you know what I'm saying, I'm watching VH one, you know what I'm saying? Coming on near the, the, the, the, the joint where they, you know what I'm saying? Showing the net worth and the houses and the, this and the that. You know what I'm saying? I walks away from the TV because I know it's coming. You know what I'm saying about to man, just Asking me A million questions, you know what I'm saying about, you know, and I'm like, man, that shit just made me feel man, bro, I felt like a loser.


Right. But I know, just wanted to hear some stories. You get close to tell Yeah Man. Who, who, who? You In the industry? Yeah. Yeah. Who you. I'm saying like, wanna know who you, you know what I'm saying? Wanna know this, like yeah man, you already know how go, you know what I mean? But Even telling the stories in the situation that you in, yeah. It's crazy. Like no, 'cause we pulled up to the boards, you know what I mean? This was the time we had, we had flew 42 cars out to the wards And you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Nah, for real, for real. But, but you know what I'm saying, the midst of it, you, you still little like, like, you know what I'm saying?


Absolutely. You Still like, like you doing that and then you still, you know what I'm saying? So it's just like, And then you always got the on the block hear 42 cars. No, no. Nah Man, that's in every jail in America. That's crazy Bro. You heard me? Man, He keep asking about his cars, You to crack over the head. You gotta let, man, I gotta stay away from all the way out there. Yep. Nigga what I'm saying, nigga here with us for the next 14, all cars gone man.


We Man, You Like mad at the world. I'm about To get mad at the world, man. You ain't getting no mail. You know what I'm saying? Nigga ain't Getting, you know what I'm saying? Nigga ain't never on The phone, know what I'm saying? Indigent, know what I'm saying? Like you know nigga at world, you know what I'm saying? Like get mad at the world. You know what alone, that's weakness starts some shit. You not for real. I'm going to the whole other side of the compound. I'm leaving in that yard. I'm over there. Nah man, for real, For real. Oh man, chisel, we appreciate You man. Man, I appreciate y'all bro. And I appreciate everything y'all doing bro. Good game. Y'all be dropping bro. But one thing for sure too, damn, for certain I never get the out of this joint without shouting out.


Lack. Oh. What's up La Bryce? Because I shouted out every Heard. Everybody you heard gonna get you fucking, you shout out the Yeah, D boy lack the Fucking boy, nigga. You hear me? I'm a hard start like Evil Kane. Yeah man. But shout out to you man. I appreciate you for pulling up on us, man. Man come on bro. I see you on tour bro. You doing your city of thing? City to city back out here just a few years ago was just a dream. You was in a cell, man, a cell. That Nigga was in a cell. You ain't even know if these people was going to accept you back out here like this again.


But they showed you they Love You. Nah, for real, for real man. Fucking gangster. You heard me And shout out to your boys too. I, you know. Yeah man. While you was down to met son, son of a gangster. Yeah. Mean Hey, hey, and man, free my son TY man mean he in the fed right now, man. You know, it's crazy bro. Like, and, and they say, you know, the album don't fall too far from the tree and you know, the cycle or whatever. But two months before I came home, he went in, you heard me? You know what I mean? Like feds kicked his door in, you know, got him with some guns and some pounds of weed or whatever and he ended up getting six years, you know what I'm saying? On the first offense, you know what I'm saying? The Fed smacked him with six years, you know what I'm saying?


But they had snatched him and his girl, you heard me when I talked to him, I told him, man, you gotta free man, you heard me, now you, you gotta take your lick. You know what I'm saying? Like, and you know he took his lick, man. So even though I don't condone it or, or you know what I mean? Like, like, like glor. Yeah. Glorified ified and like that, you know what I'm saying? But you know, he went out like a little man, you know what I'm saying? And you know, he learning from his mistakes. I could hear, you know, the growth in him and things of that nature. Bless. So You know, he'll, he'll be home in a minute man. But that's the name of the game. So salute to him. I never, I never, I never want no youngins to be in the streets. I always feel as though, and I used to always tell him, bro, don't be like me.


Be better than me bro. You heard, You know what I'm saying? Always feel like the same energy you put into the street. Shit. If you put it into something else, it'll be a, it'll be, it's going come out the same, at the same effort for you, except for you not risking your life. But the flip side of that is if you do sign up for this street, take your lick. Take your lick, bro. That's So, I respect him because he took his Lick. Nah, I like a man you Like, like a man, like a man. That's the name of the game. One thing about, 'cause he took his lick. No, I like a 17 years old lady gave him that time. Fell out in the courtroom like a at church. But look, nah man, be though Bro.


But he took His lick. Nah, like a game. You Feel what I'm saying? So at the end of the day, man, to all you young, I always tell y'all, man, get the fuck out the streets, man. This street, you, you can't tell me one successful street. You can't tell me no in the streets that ended up with the house on the hill. And he come out with the big house and all his neighbors, they work for a living but he sell drugs. And he like, how you doing Raheem? What's up? Selling cocaine. That's All like, for What we talking about? Nah, for real. So at the end of the day, put it, you get caught. Hmm? Take your lick. Take your lick and ride.


You hear me? This is me dollars. Mworthofgame. That's bg B Chisel. Yes sir. And it's just like that, Right?