(0s):
Hey Million. dollars worth. Of game listeners You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube? Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right

(12s):
This episode of Million Dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by JackPocket to presenting sponsor of million dollars. mworthofgame. Feeling lucky. We'll get ready to try Your Luck with JackPocket America's number one lottery app with JACKPOCKET. You can order Powerball and Mega million tickets right on your phone. They even have official state lottery games every day. There are millions up for grabs right here on your phone. You just whip out your phone, whip it right there. Lottery is in your hand, whip it. It is right there in your hand. This is JackPocket. This is not number two. It's not number three. It's number one. So New customers can get a free lottery ticket by using Code GILLIE. whip it out right now. Whip out JackPocket right now. Oh, whip it. Throw GILLIE in there. Get your free lottery ticket. Might turn in thousands. Might turn into a hundred thousand. Might turn into a hundred dollars. Might turn into some M and mss. You don't know, but you know you get a free ticket when you can whip out that that phone. Download that app JackPocket in. What you gotta do? Oh, whip it. Throw GI up in there. GILLIE, get your free ticket. All right, that's Cole GILLIE for a free Powerball or Mega Millions ticket. And all I'm seeing is if you win break, break Bread with a player, you know what I, you know what I mean. That free ticket got me the Mega Millions. Where? GILLIE. No, I'm just playing. But make sure you do that. Download. Use Cole GILLIE, get your free ticket. Don't wait. Download JackPocket now for your chance to win. Big. Yes sir. Me and os worth a game. Right Gambling problem. call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2 Non withdrawable credit. Prize amount may differ at time of drawing terms. JackPocket dot com slash tos slash free dash ticket dash promo slash

(2m 5s):
You're now tuned into million dollars. mworthofgame, listen here with that nickel, listen, it is very important man. Big X the plug I'm talking about. This is the official, this is my camera nigga. This is the official plug of what's going on. And I'm gonna say something to you, news nigga. Newsflash, a lot of y'all is in trouble because of Big X. A lot of y'all the plug. Yeah, anywhere about between like 28 million streams a week. Hold up, hold up. Let me take it back. What makes it worse about this? He's independent. He's on United Masters. That's what makes it worse. A lot of you dudes got people all in the background. you know how they go in that back room and some of them labels and push that button. They be pushing them buttons. Shit big. There's not no buttons. There is real.

(2m 45s):
This is real people, this is real engagement. Really? People they on the prison yard streaming it. They in Bolivia, they hear they streaming and shit everywhere. Big exes. That guy you can Slavia motherfuckers Playing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They playing it everywhere. I'm talking about they just like, it's just all over the place. This is real man. You better tap in if you don't know what's going on the album coming out this week, you better tap in. Listen. And if you don't tap in, you better Take Care, you better go somewhere else. Figure this shit out. But you going to Take, Care baby. But this shit is real now. X I'ma I'm gonna get right to it, man. Now I remember we was at Jackson State, we chopping it up. You said, man, I was, I was playing football man. I was, I was doing My thing. This shit just how did it, how did, how did this, first Of all, hopeful I see some of his hols. He was a bootleg motherfucker.

(3m 25s):
Offensive lineman. Well, he wasn't that. You Would've, I have got right around that nigga. Damn nigga got sacks in one game on that nigga. You got around it. You Think he knew he was rapping? That nigga knew he wasn't going to the league. You seen The footage? I seen the footage. He could seen the right footage. Seen footage Was listen, he caught one corner back. He grab right here, throw you Sent that shit down Alabama. He It still in me. He gonna be like this. But no, you said so. 'cause you know, like some people got in, some people really got it. Some people, this is their gift, you know? 'cause you, a lot of times I think we live in a culture now where though we try to force things on us, that's really not our gift.

(4m 6s):
Yeah. Like, like how did it, how did it come from the field to the booth? Like how did it, when did you first know, like When you're doing what you're doing for so long and it's not working, you're kinda willing to try anything. Hmm. you know what I'm saying? Especially when you got like a, a, a, a newborn child and you done missed a birthday, you, you gotta figure it out. you know what I'm saying? That's, that's where I was at in life. I had to figure that everything that I was doing I can no longer do or else I was going to either be in a cell or dead. So I, I had to figure it out and I just happened to have somebody with me that was already on a rapping journey and they was like try, he had been telling me to try it back when I was doing what I was doing in the streets.

(4m 46s):
But still just like, try it, try I finally tried it then we, we here Now. Th this is, you know, 'cause because you, you making it sound so easy. Like I just tried it and start spitting it. It's, it seemed like it's more because it's like a, as you listen to you, the way you, the way you walking, you walking the beat down. Like the way you be walking it down the, the production choice, the sample, like where's all this shit coming from? This is like somebody that like, like grew up in a soul family or some shit. Like you just, like how did, where did it come from? So my pops, yeah, he, he, he old school r Kelly, you know I probably shouldn't be saying that, but r Kelly brothers, you know what I'm saying? Like that's where Pops grew up on.

(5m 26s):
So whenever I was with Pops and the slab seat. Yeah, that's what's stumping on his speakers. When I'm with my mama, it's UGK, it's much of, you know, damn His pop was real play. Had the pinky see my pops a little older. She'll come to my room full. Nah, for sure. He All in the back. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Then mama was the gangster. But that's because my pops, he, he almost, he older. He older. Oh my mama. She, she just now getting to that stage where she accepting the fact, you know what I'm saying? So just the way that they move my pops he a country. So, you know what I'm saying? They, they old school, that's what that was. you know what I'm saying? My pop my mama, she from Houston. Oh, okay. So you know what I'm tri. So she was, she was, That tri was in her.

(6m 7s):
Yeah. And so I guess just the mixture of both, you know what I'm saying? I guess just listening to both of 'em growing up is what make the choice of, you know what I'm saying? Like what I, what I listen for when I hear beats now. So if your man was like, man, just try this shit and you like, all right, fuck it. You go in the booth when you knew you was hot though. When you was like, oh shit. Like they said, I, I still don't know. I just be, I just be doing what I gotta do to provide for my kids and it just be sounding good as a motherfucker. Niggas got 20 million streams last week. This to don't know Nick, it's sturdy. It's Oh 30. Exactly. Mainstream. So it's special because what, what makes it special? Because you got rookie of the year billboard.

(6m 48s):
Like this shit is like, it's just not like this shit don't happen like this. Yeah. It usually don't happen. Especially when your journey is something else. Now the album Take. Care right. What inspired, what was the inspiration of the title? The whole layout. So y'all, I mean y'all are different though, but coming up, how many people just really checked on y'all like seeing if y'all mental is okay, Nobody, not too many people man. And then I'm always in the penitentiary locked up. Exactly. Cell, he checked on him a few times. No I don't Believe him kissed him on his back. Don't believe that nigga. That Shit ain't better on your back than your stomach. Yeah. Damn. Better not to kiss him. And if I was asleep it didn't count. If I was asleep, that don't count. So I didn, I didn't know what happened. So a nigga could wake you up, up?

(7m 30s):
No, as long as I'm asleep. It's cool. I didn't Know. As long as you sleep. If I didn't know Nigga could wake you up. Huh? I'm just saying if I didn't know it didn't happen, but go ahead. But nah, I forgot what the fuck the fish Is, right? No, you talking about Take Care like, Okay, so boom. So yeah, Like I said this is, and then in this, I've been doing this about three years now and it is rare that anybody other than these people, but they with me every day. So they seeing it firsthand. So it's like, it's kind of hard to ask somebody how you doing when you know You not doing okay? 'cause you just watch what happened. you know what I'm saying? So it's kinda hard to say, oh it's gonna be okay when you know what's going on. you know what I'm saying? So, but other than them, not many people just checked and seen.

(8m 10s):
Other than my granny. My granny is the only person the whole time I've been rapping, traveling, shows all this stuff. She the one calling me, checking you, taking your vitamins. You don't need to be doing that many shows. You need to calm that. She's just the one that was always, that's my comfort, you know what I'm saying? Whatever. I'm panicking, it's getting too much. That's who I can talk to and calm me down. She gonna call me, check on me, this, that and the other. But one time she called me and like that, that was just a voicemail that, that that's on the song. The first song on the album. That's just, that's the type of stuff she do. you know what I'm saying? Check on you until you Take Care, make sure you're taking care of yourself. And so I just really locked in on that. 'cause Like I said I'm telling my story.

(8m 50s):
Everything that I read about it, something is what I'm doing at that time. That's, that's me Now when I my first project, that was me then this is me now. Right now I'm fighting. I'm in the industry that I never thought I would be in. And it happened quick. Everybody feel Like. I got more than what I got. Everybody feel like I'm supposed to help them. Everybody feel Like. I got they spot. So now they're trying to do whatever to tear me down. I come from a whole different type of, you know what I'm saying? So my name, my character is, is everything. you know what I'm saying? It's everything. And, and now I'm in a situation where people are poking at my character.

(9m 33s):
And because I'm who I am, I can't do nothing. I can't, I gotta let it happen. So it's just a bunch of stuff like that. Like I said I'm fighting every day. I get up, I fight. Why? 'cause my kids, if I didn't have no kids, I'd have been crashed. I'd have been crashed. How many Kids you Got? I got two. I got a seven month old and I got a little boyfriend to be six. Congratulations man. Sure appreciate you. So just them, you know what I'm saying? That's what keep me going. Like, I said I, I been, I've been crabs. But yeah, so that's where that, that's where the whole Take Care situation even come from. Just my granny. And then that, that college just kind of solidified everything. I think Take Care was one of the first songs I made off. I mean this some songs that's kind of old but Take Care as far as all the songs I was making for this album, that was one of the first ones.

(10m 16s):
And I just pinpointed that and went from there. It seemed like, it seemed like this. Hold, let Me elaborate on what he said. It's funny that you said how many people call you and ask you how you doing and shit like that. you know, I stopped doing that shit man. I stopped calling niggas and asking them how they doing if I don't really wanna know. Yeah, because niggas will make they problems. Your problems You know what I mean. I'm calling What's up man? How you been? Ah, I'm four months late on my rent. But nigga I wasn't talking about like that nigga. Yeah. Like, I don't even ask niggas that no more, man. Nah, For sure. I don't want no nigga making they problems My problem. But it's like if you even going try to make your problem, they problem at least see how they doing first. No, niggas don't ask you how they doing. 'cause niggas will automatically assume you got money. You good.

(10m 56s):
Yeah. That's what niggas assume. Absolutely. Right? That nigga's rich, he good. Yep. Nigga money don't make you good nigga at all. It just, just make your life a little bit more comfortable as far as paying bills and shit. But it's more motherfuckers out here that got money that's going through it, believe it or not, than it is for motherfuckers without money. Because motherfuckers that grew up without money, they used to not having no money. Exactly. They like You think that's how it's supposed to be. A nigga that grew up with money. You, you take, you take that nigga money away from me, kill himself. Ah, I can't take it no more. Ah. So yeah, eight motherfuckers, but money be going through a lot just, just as much as motherfuckers without no money. Yeah. You know, it it just, it just seemed like it's, this album is more therapy for you for sure.

(11m 38s):
Like because, 'cause like and, and and, and, and I'm trying to understand like coming from Dallas, coming up, you know, the way we come up. What, what, what encourage you to be so transparent? Because in this industry everybody want to act like we just cool, we got it together. We tough, we don't feel, we don't care, we don't give a Fuck. Life is great. Like, Like how did you, like what push you to be transparent in this album and like articulate your feelings and what's going on to the fans and you know, the world. I mean you can almost ask, you can ask pretty much everybody in this room from the ones who just got here, the ones who've been here. I'm the same person through and through. I don't act like I'm bigger than nobody. I somebody wrong. I'm gonna let you know you're wrong. I'm wrong. I'm gonna apologize for me being wrong and, and I need you to help me figure out what I can do to, you know what I'm saying?

(12m 23s):
To be better. Like, so I just don don't know. I guess just Like I said me, me being me through and through like it's, I'm always gonna talk about me. I'm never gonna fake the funk. I already fake the funk enough. Just having to get up and put on a smile knowing I'm going through whatever I'm going through because I have fans and I don't wanna ruin my social image. But with this music, it's like this is, it's for me to do this type of stuff. It took me a minute to realize it, to be comfortable enough with, it's a bunch of songs on this album that they had to beg me to drop because this, this was one of them albums where it wasn't just me recording a bunch of songs till it got right. It was something was happening, something would happen. And I'm like, all right, come on, let's, let's record.

(13m 4s):
So everything was, It was supposed to be talked about. Like you said it was therapy. Emotional based. Exactly. I don, I ain't, I my team been trying to get me to do therapy for the longest do therapy. They, they dry talked me into it because they was like, oh for the album we know you want to, we want you had you Talk to one nigga. Man. Man you could have called me man. And that's what Wet talk to No fucking white man. You don't know man. Call me. I'm gonna break that shit down man. Listen man. I just always Feel like Dick something after you feel better in a couple hours, you hear me? You hear me to tell you something ain't don't nothing. Listen, don't nothing stop depression more than the dick suck. You hear me? You'll forget you was depressed.

(13m 45s):
That's pretty deep. Nah, that's you give it an hour then you remember everything hit you. He don't wanna do it before. Yeah you wake up from that nap it's still there. It still there. It still there But it took away it. Yeah. 30 minutes. Yeah he thought about some whole other stuff. But yeah, You know it. What's crazy Morning tobacco smoke increases the risk of lung cancer and heart disease even in non-smokers.

(14m 8s):
This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by Swisher. Sweetss Swisher Sweets knows you are all about to level up. And so are they with a family of brands that provide a smoke for any sess. With Swisher Sweets is more than a ses. It's a refresh Ignite an icon with Swisher Sweets Savor, hand selected pipe tobacco with BLK, elevate your smoking experience with legend or kick back and enjoy America's broad leave aged for two years and leave. Whether you're gathering your crew for a SES or having a smoke alone. For a moment of reflection, refresh your sesh. Whisper Swisher Sweet right this episode, A million dollars worth of

(14m 51s):
A game game is brought to you by DraftKings. The best part of football season is checking out the post game stats, which wide outs scored more than two tds, which quarterback threw for less than 350 yards with D lineman had two sacks or more. Or but now if you think you can pick who will do what before a kickoff, you gotta play pick six from DraftKings. You gotta play official daily fantasy partner of the NFL. It's super simple to get started. First download the DraftKings, pick six at make sure you use promo code GILLIE, then select between two and six players and choose if they going to have more or less of a stack like yards, touchdown, sags more. Track your picks for a shot, a huge cash prize. That's all there is to do. And for the first pick six players, check this out. New customers play $5 when your first pick set and get $50 and pick six credits. Jump in now to the new most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DRAFTKINGS. Download the DRAFTKINGS pick six app now and use the code GILLIE. That's DraftKings pick six at right now. Juice Cole GILLIE paid $5 for your first pick set and give $50 in, pick six credits only on draft King pick six. The Crown is Yours. Gambling problem call one 800 GAMBLER must be 18 and over. Agent eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction Void were prohibited. One per new customer non withdrawable Pick six credits expire in six months. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.

(16m 33s):
Put it on Like you get Amazon Breakthrough Artist of the year. Damn you got the billboard. Just get name and shit. Yeah, no billboard Freshman, freshmen, you got the freshmen coming, you, you, you, the conversation gotta shift and they gotta shift to this. Me, I pay attention to infrastructure so I wanna give a shout out to you know, United Man a shout out to solid foundation management because this shit is not regular. Yeah. So infrastructure is very important but I believe like you got a better hand than people that's on majors. Okay. Way better hand That that's what I'm trying to say. Like, like way better Hand and I want to and I wanna talk about it.

(17m 15s):
Right. And why do you say that? Because First of all, he owns all this shit. Okay. So he got the money and he owns his shit. He has something to give to his kids, right? That he has a bunch of people who care. Nobody running around acting like they got a button to hit and all that. We can make calls, of course I can make calls. But the fact that he has a small team around him and it's not a bunch of flighty people who can get fired in two seconds. You see what's happening at the labels. Yeah. Imagine if he was at Warner Brothers right now they just fired 50 people. Everybody's gone at at Atlantic or whatever. He he's not subject to that. Yeah right. He's at a place that's growing. He's where the industry is going. This guy, he was going over his stats. He started with 500 monthly listeners, he's at 30 million.

(17m 58s):
Oh I see. In three years he went from 500 to 30 million double Platinum joints. Platinum joints, gold joints. Right. In that period of time because he has an infrastructure and people, his management, his team, the team at United Masses really give a fuck. So I think it's a combination of all that. I haven't seen that in years. I haven't seen that type of thing. Maybe long time ago, small boutique labels like early Def Jam, that kind of thing where that was that kind of, you know, small team pushing it, getting it done. But I haven't seen that since then. I'm gonna say this, I get props for props due 'cause when I seen it, the interface, the dashboard of United Mass, like the whole thing where you set it up when you upload your music, I've seen the whole thing.

(18m 38s):
What makes United Masters better than tune Core district kid and all that is the services real people. Okay, we got Real people. It's not just, it's tech plus people. Like that's why we are here. Like it's not like you just, you go to Distro kid and all these places and there's no one to fucking call. I already know that There's no one to call. You put up the music and that's the n it's a transaction. There's no, that's gonna help you get on playlists, take you to places. Yeah. Make phone calls, do things for you, get Syns, push you there. There's none of that. So that's the big difference that we got tech best in class technology plus human beings. But the fact that you guys know that, oh I know how special he is though, how special he is because everybody runs around and there's a lot of flashy names that feel like they're bigger, they're not streaming.

(19m 27s):
I showed him somebody that not stream legend in our culture. That's that he bigger, I, I remember I told him this Like I told him this because I told him this when we was in in, in in Colorado. I was like, yo you. he like, damn he, 'cause he is just so, and it's great that he's there 'cause he don't pay attention to you. I'm like yo, you bigger than this. And it and it and it is wild because it show you what grind do and it's, I'm big on infrastructure Steve. I really believe in infrastructure. I don't care what nobody say. If you don't have a team in place, zero a team that can check you, not a team that's just yes man, but a team nigga say this is what I do. You don't know nothing about this. I got this. Trust me that you could trust because you know, like you said, a lot of these places you can't and it's no number to call.

(20m 10s):
Nobody You got sandwich on, they take shit Now who call, who do you call that to call? They take your shit down. Who do you Call it? This? That's, they just take your shit down. They Taking you, you like, you panicking. You don't know why somebody else could take your shit down, take down order, all type of shit. Yeah. And I seen people get their shit taken down from people that wasn't, that didn't even have no ownership or nothing. No. So it's like, like that's why I'm just fucked up. 'cause I'm like damn, this is real infrastructure and it's real people that a real team playing the parts of getting anything done. And this is a major album that's coming out. This is a major album that's coming out independently and you own your shit. One more thing. What is the difference between, what is it a price? Like let the people know when I come and I got my music, my music done and I, and I go to the interface and I go to the.com, I'm the United Masters.

(20m 54s):
What do I have to do? What is the splits? What do I get if I'm just a regular person listening to this? Well We have two or three tiers. So you can actually pay $20. There's a tier called debut plus where you upload your music, it's $20, there's a $60 tear where we actually take that your music and not only do you distribute it, but we do sync deals. We have a sync deal with the NFL. The NFL uses our music. N-B-A-N-B-A rather ESPN, big sync deals where they've got by bulk songs from us and we pay the artists with that. Right? So it's exposure plus that no one has that. Then we have partners. He's a partner where the splits are absolutely in it favor.

(21m 34s):
And the artist still maintains ownership of the masses. So because we have those tears, you may want to come in and just distribute your music to us and then like, just as an artist and you use some of our services or you want to, you know, rock with us because you know that we have these sync deals or you know, invite only. But your big X you're an artist who's a partner and you get full services and we have, you know, 60 people on staff to work with those types of artists as well. So because we have that, you know, an artist can come in from the bottom or the the entry tier and then work themselves up to exclusive. Nobody else, nobody else has that. The other thing about this guy, you were talking so many great things about him.

(22m 14s):
What I found is the fucking country artists love him. You go to the, I mean he's, he's so big. Like forget the, the rap shit's huge. But you go like the I'm I was at fucking the Miami, Miami Dolphin game and Jelly Roll was there. All he kept on talking about was him. I'm like, he goes, yeah we fuck with him. Nashville fucked with Him. Real Jelly Real. Yeah. Jelly Morgan Wallen fucks with him. That's where they fuck with this guy. They don't fuck with no. None of these other rap niggas. Not really kind of, but they fuck with him. They love him. I wanna say something because, because you know what's up. Like when did y'all meet?

(22m 56s):
We met a year Ago. Oh, y'all met a year ago. Did you know who he was? I I knew he was the head of United Medicine. That's all you knew. Alright, so listen, let me give you this game. Back in the day, Steve got a book called The Tannin of America. Right? One thing to me and Gil always, what the fuck Didn't you read In jail? Man? I read everything. I read everything. So listen, he got this book, but I already was on it 'cause I read our Vicious reader. Now let me give you this game. Taught that Nigga how to read in jail. He read everything. Motherfucker went there. Duh Duh. Shut up man. So, so what happened is, what happened is this, lemme give you this game. I gotta I gotta explain this to you. Sure. Damn motherfucker outta read, he read Everything because it's very important.

(23m 37s):
And don don't think people see this black people we control. Cool. Sometimes we don't own it and we don't know how to monetize it. It yeah. So at this time, early in the, in the game decades ago, Steve said hold up, we wear this, we make this shit look fly. Why are they not giving us money? Why are we not partnering up with them? Yeah. And it was a phase where though I think people didn't know what he was doing. And people, some people said it was corny. They, they, they thought it was corny. They thought it was selling out. They didn't know what the fuck it was. They thought it was corny. So they thought it was corny to say, McDonald's we eat this shit.

(24m 19s):
We what's the name? Let's figure out to get some money together. Yeah. Nike, Reebok. Yeah, let's get some money together. Verizon. So I think that that's what, that's one thing that you got, you got infrastructure of something that's, that's different. A person that was groundbreaking did you, you had something to do with that. The Jay-Z sneaks, Reeb, everything. Jay-Z Sneaks. he said G units, Pharrell the ice cream joints, everything. Absolutely Push your T McDonald's. Push your T McDonald's. So, so what I'm saying is if you ever get a chance, read that book Tana America. 'cause you can see where your business can go. Yeah. It show you like the possibilities of business.

(24m 59s):
That's really beautiful for you to bring that up man. Oh no that's, that's because you, you kind of see it play out. Now I, when I wrote about in 2011, you see it all now you see when I look at you little yacht. Yeah. when I look at all these dudes with these brand deals, like anybody that's a manager need to read Tannin of America because the whole purpose of we got the stream money, we gotta show, got the show tonight. Man. He ain't reading that shit man. No, I'm just saying he read, you know how he gonna read you go audio book it. Only thing I don't like the audio book. It wasn't you on there that they should have. Because I said somebody, I was like, yo, check this job. They was like, it's not Steve on the book. I said, well it's Kerry Washington. Yeah, but I'm, they don't, it's different. What you talking, I thought people would like that. No, in jail ain't like that. No I'm it was I in the street? I said somebody too. But what I'm gonna say is this, this is what I'm gonna say. Like you got managers should read that book because it's very important and it, and it breaks down how you should be with an artist and as management, you got a good manager Brandon.

(25m 46s):
He's a good dude. This dude was, he was on me about that. He made it happen. Which one is manager right here? I have two managers but I know, I know B right there though. So he was Like, I mean. Now this is, this is the thing. It is like

(26m 0s):
This episode of me and os mworthofgame is brought to you by none other than New, Amsterdam Vodka. Now life ain't going your way. Shout a New. Amsterdam Vodka. You caught chill woman cheating today. Shot a new Amsterdam boxer. You thought that check was coming and it didn't come your way. Shot a new Amsterdam boxer distilled five times. It's filtered three times for a clean crisp finish. Now you could drink it straight up on the rocks juice of soda or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. That's up to you. But when you out and about at your local liquor store, don't you dare walk past this new Amsterdam. You scoop it up like a fumble at the gold line. You run it to that counter boop, get it home, put it on ice and it is gonna be everything you like. New, Amsterdam, Vodka get you some the official vodka bars through sports. NAV New. Amsterdam Vodka.

(27m 3s):
And it's just like that. Right? What do you like? Like it's like you smoking dudes, you smoking shit so much In a, in a, in a industry where a lot of people like we just, me and GILLIE speak realistically because I think a lot of people got a people around them and they don't speak realistically and that and that's why a lot of artists is not where they need to be at because a lot of people don't have infrastructure team and they just don't listen to nobody. Yeah. And when you get that money, it's hard money make you get deaf and go blind. You can't. And it's like you in the industry now where like it is like you and I'm not, it is like you say the name, Say the name, It is like you Rod Future. It's like a few of y'all that's really like yeah that that's really doing some shit on on on just another level.

(27m 48s):
It's more than it is. More than, it's more the name. But it's like everybody is in fear. Like you coming out with a album, there's no sweat. Like everybody is in fear and we talked about this, we told they scared to drop. We told X stop that dumb shit at stop doing that shit academically. Like we told Act like stop that shit. he like it is funny but it's like no you Mean first week sales? Yeah Everybody listen bro. The legends I'm talking about the greatest rappers in the history of life. They didn't do no first 'cause we didn't have the information. Yeah, Like I, like Gil said Killer Mike did 2,900 his first week. Won a Grammy. Won a Grammy. Okay. The material is the material and albums built on time. But you just like fuck it, I'm dropping And that's and that's everything. But you got That myth is behold that myth, that myth needs to be eradicated when it was physical.

(28m 29s):
Yeah I mean Like I I'm saying that it was physical albums that made something the first week. Sales is a fucking, these songs last forever. These songs are streaming for for very long. It has nothing to do with first week sales. That's marketing talk and bullshit. Yeah But it fucked our pe it fucked the Artists up though. Yo The art not the artists are afraid to drop 'cause they want first week sales or they wanna bundle it with socks and a bunch of dumb ass shit to make it look like a bigger number. Yo you gotta super serve your fans. That's how you go from 500 to 30 million by super serving your fans not worried about first week numbers. We never thought about that. You market the album, you market the project but you're not looking at first week sales in order to say look at me, I'm number one.

(29m 10s):
I beat what the fuck are you talking about? Yeah, What it was number that? Because if you're thinking about back Back, I'm saying like when it was physical and that shit came on a different day too. It was just different because the song that you might go with that might be your second single off the album. Yeah. Yeah because everybody didn't just go grab your album, you dropped singles in that video and they'd be like damn the album went out. You gotta stand motherfucking nah. And they was touring for three years with one album album like you drop that one motherfucker song. It's a little different now 'cause people attention span is shot and we have an Unloyal fan base out there. Where's though the fan a lot of these fans don't belong to like nobody. Some people got they locked in people that's gonna buy the merch, that's gonna get the hard ticket. That's another thing. Hard ticket sales and merch is real. Don't tell me about how hot you was. You the hottest nigga in your city.

(29m 50s):
You ain't care. Sell a TV shit because Im gonna say, I'm gonna tell you to show me. Show me your Shopify and if your Shopify ain't break dancing with the fucking merch sales and you ain't got no hard ticket sales or you ain't got no emo list, stop popping that shit. Talk that shit to somebody that don't know Neff. I had to get that shit about say blacked out. That shit a You just flipped out on Somebody? No I, no because these young boys doing that shit. That shit was a little, I didn't know who that was. No it was a bus tough city. They just be tripping. I'm not. No you're not Neff, you're not hot. Show show. Show me how you sell a venue out. But but what I'm saying is back to you was like alright so tell me about how you know just like that tech because you got this, you got that Dallas, you got a whole different type of swag and just that energy and confidence where that shit come from man That just come from how I was raised.

(30m 33s):
They, they confident. My pops one of the most confident people I know, you know what I'm saying? 6 8, 300 something pound. Big, big nigga. But he done always moved with that confidence, that swagger and that's just, it was just passed down. I know I'm that nigga. I just don't try to, I'm not, I'm not a better nigga than you though. You see I'm that nigga but I'm not a better nigga than you. You have the possibility to be that nigga. You just holding yourself at a lower, you know what I'm saying? Standard. You could be that nigga too though. You see what I'm saying? That's, that's just Me. I see your style keep evolving. How do you, how do you keep being fresh with it? Like from your first up to now? It's like you just keep being fresh and keep evolving because a lot of times it's, it is hard.

(31m 13s):
You get stuck 'cause you like, damn this shit won. Let me keep rapping about the same time. Tell the truth. You know what I mean. How about just Telling the truth? Yeah, that's, I'm just rapping about what I'm going through At that time. Like I said if I was, if everything was shits and giggles and everything was going great, I would be rapping about how everything was going great. But it's not. So that's what I'm rapping about now. Next year when I drop another album, if I'm, you know what I'm saying, I'm at the highest peak of my career. All my artists is doing well. We pulling up in lamb trucks and this, that and the other. And that's what I'll be talking about. But if it's still hard and we still going through it, that's what we're gonna be talking about. I'm not finna just make something up For you to shoot up so quick. How, how do you, how do you deal with entitlement from friends and family?

(31m 58s):
Like how, you know? 'cause that's like all like this shit is like, it's like it, it goes so quick. Yeah. How do you, you you went, how do you deal with that when people like, you remember I gave your mom that sugar back in the day. Like you owe me. I mean I'm, I struggle I don as bad as it may sound, I done cut off my mama 'cause she felt too entitled. You see what I'm saying? Even though that's the woman who birthed me. It's just certain stuff. you know what I'm saying? It was other stuff but yeah. That, that don't happen. Like, I knew what you Talking about. Nigga it done. It done got bad motherfucker. It done got bad. It is, it is probably gonna keep getting bad. But I gotta, you gotta fight. You gotta go through it. It's part of it. Yeah. Hold up.

(32m 38s):
Shama you Younger than me. My, my, my tolerance is, yeah, he's crazy. I'll block you on. You won't hear from me for five years, man. Yeah. You asked me some crazy shit. Yeah, that's, that's where I'm getting, I ain't with that shit Man. But you got, you gotta, you gotta get to the point. 'cause you know what's so crazy and it's good that you, you at a strong point because it's like that Like I is did did it ever become painful 'cause it go from somebody calling you just a laughing joke cousin to now every time they call you it's a hardship and they need something. Did that shit hurt though? Like At first it hurt but now it's just kind like it's the regular one. It's the regular, the new. And I been just, you either accept it or you keep getting mad.

(33m 20s):
You keep getting hurt Every time You learn how to say enough or do still struggling. He's still struggling. He still struggling. He still passing it on. 60%. 600. A hundred. You got it. What his 60 75. What percentage of your no game is up? 'cause my no game is at one 10. It just like now I'm the type of person I don't give fuck. I'm the type of person that like if you ask for something, I need to know what it's for. If you ain't, if you ain't Man coming With no back, oh no, you can't see, you can't go off there. Enough. Nigga's got the best excuses to baby sick. you know what I mean? Like I get Surgery for I get surgery, I'm dying. Niggas will come up with all kind of excuse if you got the heart Like I nigga, Your picture in the hospital Where My heart, your Baby Gonna be. No, no, no, no, no. You gotta let a motherfucker know.

(34m 2s):
Yeah. Sometimes you come here. Come here man. If God wanted you to have it, you have it. No I Remember I was going through that shit. It was my cousin. My cousin like my brother. I Didn't want you to have it. Yeah, you're going to die. I I can't pay for the surgery. If God wanted you to live, he going to send you the money. Yeah. You was just you. I'm not doing God's will. Like, I going to do it. Hell guys Listen if he wanted, we all gotta go to him when he called. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Come in man. If he wanted you to have money for that surgery, he'll fall out the sky. It'll fall the fuck out the sky.

(34m 43s):
I feel. Once you have it, man. I ain't got it. What'd you raise? I was Gonna say I went out when I was 25 and shit, I was coming up in the music business and my cousin, he asked me to, it was like my brother, he said Yo man, I need a, my car fixed. I got got into an accidents, you know, call. I'm like cool, no problem. Take Care of it. The fucking thing that comes through the, through the fax machine At the time was it invoice for a brand new car? I was like, oh this is it. Yeah, I know what this is now. Yeah, they hitting you with the Everything Gateway concern and then throwing some extra sauce on the shit. Oh what? And that's barbecue sauce. And that's when I yeah that's when I was like this's over.

(35m 23s):
I gotta say no to everybody. And it seemed like in our community, me and Gil talk about that, that much. And and it is and it's sad. It's like in a black community, when you win it's your responsibility to take everybody in. Number one that your family and friends because they looking at you like Listen man you one, you owe me. And it's wow. 'cause sometimes people go in there for years and they, they look up, they, they two, 3 million in The hole, nigga broke. I don't you many people I know got broke like that. And then when then they broke and they can't call on the motherfuckers because they ain't got It. They ain't no they ain't got it. You Can't call one nigga you wasn't broke for. They can't even help you make more. They're not even putting in work to help you make more. If a nigga's putting in work with you, it's different and you go in.

(36m 5s):
Yeah and then you and like okay blah blah blah blah. Cool. You not even putting in any work. All you wanna do is come to the highlights and then hit me up for money. And then when I'm fucked up I have, I came and and and that what you doing with the money? You not investing in this shit. You not building shit. You're not trying to learn. You Fucking the money up. You want money. Go go to hookah lounges and shit. Yeah. Be in there with big cheeks and all the, for that dumb ass shit. Big Cheek records. You know what I mean? Big cheek records. Big cheek order another bottle. You just was on the phone crying to your man. You fucked up. You went straight later on that night. You talking about bring another bottle out.

(36m 46s):
What's up you doing baby? Yeah. Bring Some more big cheek records. The hookers for the bitches. Come on man. That's come on man. Nobody wanna hear that shit man. I ain't got nothing for you Man. It get crazy man. God wanted you to have it nigga. You have it nigga for now from from plenty years. He ain't want me to have it nigga. I ain't have it. I ain't asked you for nothing nigga. Yeah, I got locked up with 98 pounds of weed nigga nobody ain't giving shit man. I had to come home live in a low ass apartment man. Only reason he got off is it was bad weed. It was Reggie The fuck outta here. It was His shit. That's Why you really get I got off because I exhausted all fucking finances. The Ola nigga. Yeah, That was a great case you had Reggie. They don't charge you enough. That was like, just like a slap on wrist, bad weed. You was mad 'cause I wasn't talking it to your pocket man.

(37m 27s):
Me doing it like that. I got $42 on my books. No, you were sending that money. That was cool. I was, I ain't hate that much. I was hating a little Bit. Just hate a little bit of ya nigga, Nigga. But, but no, like, so you know one thing I the album right? You played with them samples. You ain't got a problem. Like how do y'all deal with that? Like how do y'all gimme the game of how y'all deal with samples? Keep pay for 'em Dick? No, no. he like, It's, it's a listen. Clearance samples suck. Nobody likes it. Nobody likes doing it. But the by the way, you know what, not only does he use samples, he chooses the right samples and he rocks some shits. A lot of people be putting samples in music as it don't, even as a crutch.

(38m 9s):
It don't even do nothing. Yeah. What you sampling it for? You not even adding nothing. You're not, you obviously when you listen to his music soul, his voice, crazy voice. It means something. Half the time you be like, why are we wasting our time spending this money on his fucking sample? That don't mean shit. Yeah, but to answer your question, clearance samples are hot. Is and the bigger he gets, They try to lean on him. Oh, they start leaning on him. They're gonna lean on him. Damn. But do you ever, do you have a front tear sample where there was like, hold up, I'm sampling this, but your career wasn't really like you was like a basement fucking artist on this label. It really don't. And you trying to lean on me. You ever run into them joints where you don't really go? Of course. And they still try to knock you in your fucking head.

(38m 49s):
you know? Of course you gotta be like my nigga, you know you wasn't, you know this Michael Jackson, Right? Yeah. Nigga, you sampled Nigga. Now that's different. Now. I I've seen that before. Now I haven't seen that with him, but I've seen that before. Don't sample, don't do that. But you sampled some bullshit. Yeah. And they were like, yeah, yeah, like money. No, they, they, they actually, they know fuck asking for the money. We wanna own half the song. So they'll just go, yeah, they'll just, you'll take that much and they'll like, they want all the publishing and shit like that. Damn. Yeah. No, they go crazy. A lot of them. That's it. That's their only income stream. So they definitely gonna make you pay for it. This episode of me and I was working for Game is bought to you by PFL Professional Fighters League.

(39m 32s):
The MMA event of the year battled The Giants is coming up fast. Lineal heavyweight world champion Francis Nano makes his return to the cage versus Hinan Ferrera woman's MMA Go. Chris Cyborg takes on 2023 PFL champion Larissa Pacheco, Johnny Elin goes toe to toe with Fabian Edwards with the Bellator Middleweight title on the line. Don't miss the Battle of the Giants Saturday, October 19th, 4:00 PM on ESPN plus in the zone pay-per-view. Make sure y'all check that out. It was going down Francis Nano. He's back in the cage after being in the ring doing his thing, trying his hand in boxing.

(40m 17s):
Now he's back MMA and he's here to kick some ass. So make sure y'all tune in. you know what I mean? PFL Professional Fighters League. It gets no better than that. Right? Cool. Now, now this is, tell me for the, and you tell the artist is what is all the income streams of a artist? What is all the income streams? Well, if you're a writer, right? Then you have publishing, then there's the streaming revenue. If you're the writer and you own the master sync, revenue is fantastic. Tell 'em what syn revenue. 'cause a lot of dudes Don't know.

(40m 58s):
It's like you watching a television show and you start hearing some big X shit in the background. You watching A NBA game, you see big X shit, whatever it is that the revenue from that, if you own that song and you own the master, 'cause you have to clear it. The writers, the the writers share of that and the master ownership side of that is where the revenue comes from a sink, right? It's, it's 50% each, the writers and then the ownership. So if you own it, you could, you could, you could do really well on, on sync right now. And with every brand using social media sync is going crazy. In fact, that's what the labels are doing right now. They're suing everybody. Like if you watch an NBA game and LeBron at the end of the game, let, let's say LeBron, he hit the game, Bronny hits the game winner and faintly in the background, you hear song from blah blah blah, right?

(41m 48s):
Dua lipa, some shit's playing in the background. The NBA posts bro's post game interview in the background. You here the do a leap of shit a little bit low. No, no, so low low, yeah. Low lawsuit lawsuits suing all these NBA teams suing NFL teams. They sued Verizon. Why Didn't just ing the 'cause? They, because they charge too much money with the labels because they're fucked up. Right now what they're doing is they're making sync. They have these, they have, they're, they're crawling the internet trying to find anything on TikTok, any little sound that they own. And they're dropping major lawsuits on everybody now that's what they're doing to make up for all the lost revenue that's fucked up for their business.

(42m 33s):
So now what we're doing is saying, well fuck you, we're gonna take all these independent artists and I'll do the same deals. I'll do the deal with the NBA, I'll do the deal with the NFL, I'll do the deal with ESPN and, and a bunch of brands. First of all, that's what I do anyway. Second of all, we are filling a void because these guys are just suing everybody. That's deep. So yeah, so there's, so back to your question then there's obviously merch deals. Alright, so if you do, you merch public sales for live performance, right? So I those, I say those, I would say those You say function. Yeah, I say public said publishing. So I'd say those are the, those are the five income streams. What about the brand deals? The, Then there's brand deals, right?

(43m 14s):
Then there's being who you are and getting brand deals on top of that, which is where he's about to, that those opportunities about to come to him is Brand deal. Let me ask you something. Do brand like, 'cause a lot of these dudes don't know. Yeah, some like these brand deals be more than some people making them off the fucking stream sometimes. What way more? Hell yeah, come on. 'cause way more. The brand deals are, well there's two things. The brand deals are definitely could be a lot more than you make off streams by a long shot. Because a lot of times in the business you are actually more famous than, you have more mon than the, than the money you have. And the streaming revenue is, is you can stream a lot. You do good, maybe a little, you, you'll do good, but you'll actually be more famous than the revenue you earn.

(43m 58s):
But you could then take that fame and you that fame to go get a brand deal. But what motherfuckers is doing right now, I mean you gonna see this, it's like they're just doing deals with anybody. Oh yeah. Right. So it don't even make sense. It just look like some silly, goofy, dumb ass shit. And you are actually hurting your brand by taking that money. So you, it looks like money in the beginning, but really what you're doing is fucking yourself because that you, those checks, while they are short term good, they're long term bad. And that's where having a great team, right? So if where we start talking and the team start talking and let's say people come at x with something, at least there's a point of view like, yo nigga, the way you rolling right now, that ain't good for you to do that right now.

(44m 43s):
Right? Right. At least he, you, he could have people who's smart enough and who's incentivized to give him the right information. Right. Versus somebody who's only incentivized to take a percentage of a check. Right. And not even give a fuck who the check comes from. Right. I, I got it. you know what, this is something about X that, so you performed and this you performed at the Houston and Texas game, right? How the fuck you do that? You from Dallas? What they had to say about that? I'm trying to figure it out. I'm a Texas fan. He Texas. You T But listen, you not Dallas. I watch my pops damn crowd. Thank God he happy about that because he a beef with you. A fucking Dallas fan nigga. Yeah, I watch, I watch.

(45m 22s):
Fuck, fuck. He not listening to that nigga today. Man. How the fuck He get away with this Shit now He's a Texans fan. That's wow. Not a cowboying But the Texas song. You're Eagles fan. That's why you Like I fucking right. I'm an eagle. I'm A cowboy fan. Eagles fan. Oh come on man. Clear the couch man. This nigga off the couch. We gonna beat y ass when we play. I can't wait The T song. No man, they really did it for me though. Yeah, that Texas, all any sports team in Texas, S-M-U-T-C-U, Texas, they Hold you down. Said they hold you down. Yeah, no, for sure. It was crazy. Like, like, like how did it feel like, 'cause you rocked that motherfucking locker room in Colorado and just connecting with the coaches and seeing all the, you, you got the future players of the league and then, and they was turned up.

(46m 6s):
Like how did that feel man? I mean, it's a blessing. That's a blessing When the NFL players be texting me, telling me, be you hard. The NBA we done got invited to so many NBA games that just for me to have always wanted to be connected to sports. you know what I'm saying? No matter what I did, even when I went to school, I was like, okay, if don don't go to the NFL, I'll be a coach or something like that. you know what I'm saying? I just knew I always wanted to be in the You two sports, that series. Yeah. I fucked the sports and then you gave up him six x in one game. I ain't do that. But you Ain't do that. Nah. Lying but he'll lying. You don't worry about him. But nah, just so Like I, I'm just grateful I I'm still able to be able to, you know what I'm saying? Tap in with those type of things. So By the way, there was a lot of sinks for that.

(46m 47s):
Right. Obviously for that, for that song. Lemme, Lemme ask you this question to, to this point today. Who called you or reached out to you that fucked you up? Like, oh shit, because you seem like a humble dude laid back. Dude, you know what I mean? Who reached out to you? He was like, damn that You was like damn. Who? Oh that was for you K? Yeah, KD hit me. Oh, this man over here answering for him and shit when KD hit you? Yeah Nigga that Was me that touched My heart. don don't know. I When Shaq called you? Yeah, when, no, yeah, when Shaq called me. That was, but that was like when I was first coming up.

(47m 29s):
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. To the, to the point the day. Who called you when you was fucked up? Like yeah. Nah, Shaq, Because that shit motivation because I don, I ain't know how he got my number or no, no. I DMed him. That was in La Chopper. I ain't know how he got my number but Shaq Yeah, he called me. he like, man, I just wanted you to know that it was really me man. I messing. What you got going? Anything you need? That's Shaq though. Shaq always genuine love and he mean that shit. He fucked you up, huh? Yeah, he was like, it's up now nigga. Yeah For D Hit me nigga. For sure. Shaq hit me nigga. Nigga went straight in the booth that night. Alright, you got the, that's him. Yeah. Tell me more about this Take Care tour. How's it going Man? Take Care tour October 25th.

(48m 10s):
I Like I said I don't, I, I understand this, it's a lot of other rappers out there, but I ain't got nothing against them. I just don't. I'm, I'm me, I stay to myself and these niggas don don't really mess with nobody else saying you ain't never really gonna see too many features people I have them features with. I appreciate y'all. you know what I'm saying? Whatever. But as far as this tour ain't no big, ain't no other big names on there. It is just, it is me, me and my people. you know what I'm saying? So we finna go rock out. 32 dates gonna be gone two months. It's gonna get cold. We going be on a bus. But it's, we used to this like we, any recording trip we done ever did. It's never been in no big building in a booth.

(48m 52s):
It's, we rent a big Airbnb and we set it up in the middle of the house and we waking up every day together. you know what I'm saying? Like, we're not together, but you know what I'm saying? No did it. But like, you know what I'm saying? We, we wake, you know what I'm Saying? Oh you can't be saying that. you know Steve in the field, the parties nigga been to the after party. No, no, No. Don't do that. He didn't say no, he said, He Said no, I'm keep it all we, everybody was at them joints. So you went to I never was there. Everybody was at Party. You never any party. Me neither. I was in jail. Never. Everybody but everybody went at the after, after party. Not me.

(49m 32s):
I mean, nigga, you I Was locked up. Nigga fuck out here. Well listen, at the end of The day going his own party in prison at the end of the day, he was the first prison party for Moon Man. Yeah. Crazy. I gotta stop smoking this shit. What's your favorite song on the album? Man? I, I'm gonna say therapy session. Alright. Now I, I Mention what's your favorite song on this album? I left the first first Changes changes me soon as it come on.

(50m 16s):
Where that shit start is crazy to me. Crazy. But y'all don't know. Y'all know I'm on, I'm on the album. you know I got some big, you know I'm the biggest feature you got on the album. Just putting it out there, you Know. know you on the album. For real? Yeah. Yeah. I'm on the album 'cause I'm on everybody album man. you know lemme tell you why, lemme tell you why before you, before you, You, you that nigga On the album Stop on me nigga. I told you my career bigger than yours was nigga. So boy he watch now. Now listen, I'm telling you right now. Now listen, you been hating. It's two things you hate on me. So I'm an acting now too. He hate it on me. Ain't no fucking actor Doug. He did a little ass roll, got a sag check and now he talking fuck. Fuck You talking about? Nigga you hating on my motherfucking Money had a little check. Four 50 ain't got, ain't got on. I ain't got it on Me.

(50m 56s):
Ain't no fucking actor nigga got a SAG check talking. He Where my check at It's disrespect. Denzel, y'all was on charge. Ray had me, you know Star one of the show rap shit. I got my check. I showed him he was hating him. I said Denzel get the same checks. You don't fucking hate on him. The Denzel shit be real. You shit was for four 50. No it was for like 1800. It was, I'm just saying he get the same check from the same people. It's a C Listen now listen you know how my big artist than you this how when this fucking tape come out and I get all 'em fucking streams for my joint, that's counter to me too. So you never streamed that many fucking joints when you was a rapper. When you was a neighborhood rapper, you never fucking streamed that. I'm a bigger artist than you nigga. I'm just saying. I'm just saying.

(51m 37s):
So like For his streams, you a bigger artist. That's Mine too though. Right. What do you want? They talking Don't worry about it Nigga. You could do it. No, at the end of the day, at the end of The day, you ain't gotta sleep on your of The day stomach. At the end of the day sleep. Your and I might pop out of one of his tours to do a joint. So that mean I'm a big artist. You only, you did tours at bars and shit. You was doing bar tours, touring bars and shit. Neighborhood bars. It's 10 people in the audience. You going there doing show us for drinks and shit nigga get the fuck outta here. Oe Mote Liquor. Yeah, let me get A-A-O-E-A hundred and a Silver Thunder. 10 People up the streets Isn't that man, fuck outta here ass nigga. But Listen man.

(52m 11s):
This Episode of Million Hours mworthofgame is brought to you by Body on the sports water, alkaline water that provides real hydration with electrolytes for taste. Everybody is always drinking around all fish sports drinks The zero sugar and even the Flash iv after a long weekend we can't get enough BODY ARMOR Sports Water in my opinion is the best sports water. It's the best water on the market. you know what I mean? Let me show you. There's actually one right here. 'cause in the office we are just totally BODY ARMOR everywhere. 'cause we understand that we roll with winners and BODY ARMOR is a winner. So head over to your local seven 11 and get your BODY ARMOR Sports water today. You hear me? Whenever you pass that seven 11, make sure you scoop it up. You get some of that BODY ARMOR sports water and you clench your thirst. BODY ARMOR. It's nothing better.

(53m 17s):
Right? Oh, now, now, now tell us about your crew too. Like who you got coming up under you man, your people, your team shot them out. Get 'em they blood, you know, give 'em they flowers man. I got my, Basically this is my cousin Roro. So, okay, RO man, he, that nigga been rapping since he was nine. Where? Where Ro At? Ro over there. Oh, I lay Ro the fuck up. That was the one Ro wanted the ro Wanted the, he wasn't the One talking to basketball. Shit. No, That was it. It for sure it for sure. Wasn't him It. wasn. Oh it went I don. It was Bubba. That was Bubba? Yeah, that was my dj. Oh, okay. But no, that, that's my cousin. he, like I said, he been rapping since nine. He really the Where his tape coming. Outro where your tape coming. Outro don't be playing. Well we, yeah it is gonna be after tour right now we, we dropping We, getting the singles drop just so that he open it up you tour?

(54m 2s):
Yeah, yeah, for sure. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah. I'm an artist. Open Like I said don don't have nobody else on my tour. Me and Them. How many cities? 32. Yeah, we gonna be gone two months. That's what I'm talking about man. But yeah, we got Rosa Summer, we got young hood. don don't know why his name. Young Hood? Yeah, because he the oldest nigga in the group. Damn. That's that's Nick. you know what names don't matter no More. It's cool. They say he 28. They think he 28. Alright, That's cool then. This nigga, I'm to tell I'm you a million dollars mworthofgame. He is not 28. He 43. And I'm telling you that right here today, that nigga 43 Don't let nobody else fool you. Damn.

(54m 40s):
Yeah. This what? That's what it do to you. Hey man, he trying to have your console filled with all old bitches. You See, you see how he dressed though? How you know he of that age though? Only old niggas dressed like that. What's wrong with his salt? That's What you try to dress like a young nigga because His hat his hat. It's the hat. You see what I'm saying? You got it man. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. You know you man. Lemme just tell you some old bitches, young bitches, they all the same. You hear me? And the older ones got a little bit more money. Some of 'em, some of 'em, some of 'em got a lot less teeth. Oh, that's Better. It's better for the head. You hear me? I Think it's crazy. Listen Steve, you got anything to take any game You wanna leave before you, before we get up outta here, you wanna tell the people anything about this whole services or how to do what they need to do?

(55m 27s):
Infrastructure. I think that, I think he's the li I think he's a living live testament of the future of the music business. Okay. That's, that's, I think that's what it looks like. The grind, the hard work. The same values you guys talk about all the time. The way you built this fucking show. Yeah. Same type of shit you went from. What the fuck are these niggas talking about to the biggest fucking podcast in the industry? Nobody, I mean you ca you, you pivoted as an artist man. You came into this shit. he said he'd been rapping for three years, man. He got 500 people, 10 people in the bar. Don't believe People. Oh you had 10 people in the bar at school doing Shows. It was 10, it was one time I had two.

(56m 8s):
So you was there better than him. Was The fuck outta Here? They wasn't paying me. I paid. It was, yeah, it was a point of time. But you wasn't doing it for me. Me and ro Bruce was at a, a hole in the wall bar and it was like seven people in there. All right. Seven people. And we performed our hearts up. What, what did we say bro? Big or whip? Smile, rock 'em out. We rock 'em all. How about that? So that's three years ago. Yeah, Three years ago. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now they got 32 dates. That's major. 30 million fucking streams A week. Yeah. This is what this man's got. That's major man. So, so my only thing is if there's any words of wisdom here is Like. I had it. Like I love that. He getting smart. I'm Trying, I'm trying. He getting smart. I'm trying to see, I was trying to see if he learn something from this motherfucker.

(56m 50s):
he Said if I had it but Steve, You know I'm just saying the only words of wisdom here man, is like if you believe in yourself and you keep your head down and you keep doing your thing, a friend of mine said stick to your knitting. You ever go to your grandmother's house and she start doing that. It'd be this big and that shit. And you come back fucking three months later and that shit's a whole fucking duvet. Right. Because she stuck to her knitting. Stick to your knitting. If you stick to your knitting you can go from two people performing three years later to selling out 32 shows and 30 million streams like weekly. You could do stuff like that if you stick to your business. Yeah. Most people they can't stick to their business 'cause they start chasing other shit. Right. Let's say you all start doing this and all of a sudden like fuck all this shit. Let's start running around talking about AI or crypto or some, you start chasing hot shit, everything and fuck your whole shit up.

(57m 38s):
You stick to your knitting, you stick to your business man. You learn something from your grandmother, you build something over time. So that's what I'm proud about that we've played a role in United Masters, played a role in it. But I give it up to him and his team, his management because they built a great business. you know? So that's my words of wisdom. What You, what you wanna leave him with x? Wish you could leave him with a little freestyle or something. Shit. Nah don don't freestyle I don know how to freestyle I. don. Dude, You I'm a Texas nigga. You be rapping rapping motherfucker man. You know old Texas. We man whole look that's, that's, that's but You be, you be talking that shit though. Yeah that's, that's, We not going dar greet it just 'cause you from Texas. That was that back in the day.

(58m 19s):
Shit man. That's, that's how I freaked out Now talking that shit though. Yeah. Nah, I just know how to tell, I know how to tell Slim Thug and them was talking that shit. Yeah. Come on man. That's Texas man. He was talking that shit. This ain't back in About to leave him with. I mean as it get better, it get worse. Don don't know what the fuck that man was. It deep. It get Deep. That's some deep shit right there. It's deep though. It get better. It get worse. As It get better it get Worse. Better It get worse. Is that basically listen Sound like my marriage As it get better, it get worse cousin. That's real. Nah for real though Nigga. Speak about my marriage and shit.

(58m 59s):
It get better, it get worse. The more money you get, the more problems going be there. The more hands gonna be out. Yeah. As it as it get better, it get worse. Listen, go get the album. That's a hell of a title for a album though. It get better, it get worse. Go get the album pull up. Right. You get the album pull up to the tour dates. Is there any tickets left? Maybe in Like, damn we we in Nebraska this year, right? Maybe in Nebraska or something. Listen, well listen, listen you in Alaska. Lemme say this. If you didn't get your tickets, you know somebody in the city, you gonna get through the door. The side thing you know somebody gonna hook you up. This gotta be in. Right. But listen, they gonna have a merch, right? Sure. Get you some merch.

(59m 40s):
Tap into the experience man. This album is a great album, right? And I want you to Walk away with something man. Go out there and fuck with Big X man. Stream the album as much as possible. If you get to the show, get to the show, buy you some merch. Fuck with it. It's real. But until then, Take Care and it's just like that. Right?