(0s):
Hey Million dollars worth. Of game listeners You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube? Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right?

(12s):
This episode of Million Dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by JackPocket Feeling. lucky Hmm. We'll get ready to try your luck. Whip JackPocket America's number one lottery app. Whip JackPocket. You can order Powerball and Mega million tickets right on your phone. They even have official state lottery game. So you just whip your phone out. No, you ain't gotta run to that whip, whip, whip right there on your phone. Everything right there. What we talking about? Official state lottery games right there on your phone. New customers get a free lottery ticket by using promo code GILLIE. So listen, go on there right now, get you a mega, get you a Mega Millions a Powerball ticket. Or me if you win I don't wanna break down, but I do want to break down. That's all I'm telling you. And that's called GILLIE. For a free power ball or Mega Millions ticket, don't wait. Download JackPocket now for your chance to win. Big Good luck. JACKPOCKET America's number won the lottery app. Why would you go anywhere else you wouldn't? It's JACKPOCKET right Gambling problem. call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska 21 plus in Arizona Void were prohibited. Promo code required for $2 non withdrawal credit prize amount may differ at time of drawings terms JackPocket dot com slash toss slash free dash ticket promo slash

(1m 38s):
That nigga said three shows in one night. That's how Slip for Real tell you nigga so God damn tired of that bitch. What? Yeah. Ah, damn. Huh? Another black. Huh? That's for the tape too. This ain't no seat. This a, huh? Yeah. Damn. Mr. B de Oh this is first time seeing the Hello? Yeah. Yes sir. Huh? Yeah. Yeah. Surprise nigga bitch. Beautiful. Surprise nigga. I gotta feel that Bill. Hold on. Yeah. Oh, I done drop you on the floor.

(2m 21s):
Surprise nigga. Yeah, talk to me. Certified gold hard right there boy. That's major. Go ahead. Roll up on that motherfucker. You might as roll up. You might as well bless it. Right. You know it's like a album cover. You know they used to roll up on album covers so you can roll up on it. Ah, Yeah. Me. Ah, who? Daddy, you Know what's crazy? They, you say you, you know they say Mr. Beat the Road I call you Mr. Two minutes. Yeah Because two minutes you win and you out two minutes changed your life. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I ain't know he was going but it Was like no two minutes changed his life. That's no sound good to the bitch.

(3m 1s):
No, It's cool. I understand. I understand. When, when, when, when you was in jail 2019 you was rapping, writing that shit in the cell? I not at first. Well what happened? Break it down, Lie that shit then happened on the way home. I then got like, like two, three months left that when I called I was talking to them boys. They like yo man, we wasn't finna tell you but shit, we got a studio. I'm like, you got a studio? you know what I'm saying? You like what bitch y'all done bought a studio, you know what I'm saying? Ain't never made that kind of move before. So it was like, okay bitch, this shit dead. For real. That's when I started writing. Right after that phone call You went in the cell and just right After that, What was you listening to?

(3m 43s):
Was there any inspiration I had got on the radio. The first song I heard was that Baby Baby Baby Baby. Yeah. And you started writing it? That I Write it, I wrote that. How many, how many songs was you writing? Songs was you writing verses like how did you It was just out on the radio. That's just damn that I was like the only goddamn damn type of beat you could get. you know what I'm saying? Yeah. It wasn't nothing there. So I ain't hit nothing on there. I just had to just You was spitting that shit in jail? Huh? Was you spitting that shit in jail? What? Like for people? Like For people? Yeah, a little bit. Sometimes You ain't with no prison talent shows though.

(4m 23s):
While it was back to back champion at the prison? Nah, nah. Fuck. I ain't talent shows. Nah, I ain't gonna lie. Shit. When I, I went to prison and I was on some like, man, you know what I'm saying? I'm just trying to get up out this bitch. Yeah, yeah. You feel me? I wasn't even really trying to fuck with nobody like that though. But, but like when did you know like damn I really could spit. Did somebody tell you, did one of the gang tell you, did somebody from the team tell you like no, that shit hot or you just like Hell yeah. Everybody, everybody, everybody with my team they Like. I ain't gonna lie but that shit Gav I don't know what the fuck you know. But yeah, that's, that's him. It sound like you know how to like you a artist. Know What I'm saying? What was the first song that you made and what, what got the attention of the labels?

(5m 10s):
Shit the biggest, that wasn't the first song I made. Like, I Think Rotation was the first song I made. Yeah. Rotation, I think Rotation that kind of like got the streets and then I made the big, the biggest after that. That's what kind of like reached everybody. And when did you sign with Alamo? Shit? About a year ago. And things just changed. Hell yeah. And what was it, what was it? Was it was it, was it just the team, the label support, what was it that really took it to another level for you? Because everybody, we live in the world now. Wiz though. Everybody in every neighborhood got a homeboy that rap, everybody got a homeboy That rap and I'm independent.

(5m 53s):
Everybody wanna say they did it like they want to act like they doing it by they self. I'm even when you, you independent, you got a team. Yeah you got to that just don't exist. If you doing this rap shit with no kind of team or nothing like you just by your down self. Right. you know what I saying that don't mean it don't even work like that but lie bro, that shit really was just whole lot of grinding real for real, for real. And then definitely from the label definitely a lot of help from them 'cause you know it's this place you ain't going, you ain't gonna reach without, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. They connections, you feel me? So, and them be real important pieces though. But like when did you like know?

(6m 35s):
Because there've been times where I see you come on stage right? Yeah. And like you see all 'em phones lit up and it seems like you still be Like I was in Detroit. These motherfuckers here for me. I In Detroit Because you still got this humbleness for you. Yeah, I still be shot. I still be shot. Yeah. So, but when did you know like I'm really that guy out here. Did it ever hit you yet? Like I'm really fucking this shit up I don't know bro. Like part of me bro. I I be knowing it but I still just don't embrace that like yo bitch homie. You know what I'm saying? Like I pop it, You pop it in your songs though. I pop. Yeah I pop It. Yeah. You, you, you, you shit.

(7m 16s):
You ain't humbled all of them songs you like nah, fuck that. I'm in the studio. Ain't no time to be humble in here. You feel me? But you know a person I don't do all that like, it just gonna speak for itself. That's what I, that how I rock. What's the best part about this shit man? So far the run you've been on man. What's the, what's been the best part about this Shit? The money being able to, you know, buy my mama crib and shit like that. There move my mama and shit. That's the best part. For real. For real. What come after that? Come after that shit. Just the, the fact that I'm able to like stay out the police face.

(7m 58s):
Mm mm Like that's a big one boy Who got, who got who is is the person that got the studio in this room. They, when you called they was like, yo, we got a studio. Hell nah. He locked up. He had caught 15. Damn. Hell yeah. Shit. I know he be calling home like shit Got crazy. We all got locked up around for that shit. But I know he be calling home like damn you really done It man. Yeah, he, he, he can't. he like, So let me ask you this Question. Right. This shit real. Yeah. How it make you feel knowing that you was in a joint, right? Your man purchased the studio. Right. You like what y'all niggas on that type of shit? Yeah. Damn. You go back to your cell, you start putting it together, you come home, you blow.

(8m 43s):
But now your man who started the studio and shit. That's the thing though. I came home, I tried Like, I came home on probation. So I came home Like, I tried it and probably like eight months I violated police looking for me. I got other type of charges. Mm. So I ain't blow. Then Like I had went, Went Back, I went back. How Long? 20 months. Damn. Hell Yeah. And you was, you was doing, you Was But I was in the, I was in the county Like, I was in the county like 16 months and I did the rest. Walked away. And how long did it take once you came back home to really start like fuck it, I'm in this shit, I'm going in.

(9m 29s):
It took probably like what I came probably took me like four to six months just to like find my route. You know what I'm saying? Get that income coming in the way you could support the music. Then it probably took like another 3, 2, 3 months to even like think of process of a different flow of, you know what I'm saying? How I'm gonna come in this shit And then boom. A lot of people want to know this because a lot of people, people as artists, how everybody, everybody spitting How much money you think it took you to get the attention of the label before you got on, before you got signed, how much money did you have to invest in this shit from studio time, getting fresh, putting that shit on?

(10m 14s):
Traveling. Traveling. Like how much do you think it took to really till you caught that song and it was like Alamo like Yo, come on, come get this, come get this bag from us. You, you want to count from? From from before I got locked up? No. When you came back home? When you came back Home? When I came back home The same Time? Yeah because that's when it really counted. Oh damn bro. I don about if I kind of round it up bro, I'd say about a hundred thousand And then it was on like a hundred thousand's When see a hundred thousand to him now ain't nothing but just him thinking back, that nigga took four deep breaths. Y'all heard him? He was like Bro you gotta think it took a lot To get that a hundred thousand.

(10m 57s):
At the time that was everything back. You gotta think about spinning a hundred k and you never had a hundred. That's K. That's my point. That's why see now a hundred k shit that's a pull up. You get more than that pride. But back then it really counted. What So it just just showed the reflection of how bad it came. When you thinking back and you taking them deep breaths When I just pulled up you got fandoms, Porsches, all kinds of shit out there. But you just to think back to the struggle with that nigga said No for real man I'm driving cars that goddamn this bitch might have any type of problem today. Yeah this might Go the spark plugs car might go Today.

(11m 38s):
Man fuck it. I gotta drive two out to the studio. Fuck it. Fucking need an oil chain tune up morning.

(11m 43s):
Tobacco smoke increases the risk of lung cancer and heart disease even in non-smokers. This episode of a million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by Swisher Sweets. Swisher Sweets knows you are all about to level up And so are they with a family of brands that provide a smoke for any Es with Swisher. Sweets is more than a sesh. It's a refresh. Ignite an icon with Swisher Sweets savor, hand selected pipe tobacco with BLK Elevate your smoking experience with legend or kick back and enjoy America's broad leave aged for two years and leave. Whether you're gathering your crew for a sesh or having a smoke alone. For a moment of reflection refresh your SES with Swisher. Sweet.

(12m 27s):
Right. How did you catch that flow? How did you, like how did you catch your flow Researching bro. What was you researching? I I was just listening to everybody. Like I just listening to everybody I used to watch everybody performances, you feel me? That's how it led to me even wanting to rap. 'cause then I start going to sleep dreaming about this shit like nah Like I might be watching somebody perform and then I go to sleep. Nah I'm the one performing, you feel me? Like that shit crazy. But but see this is what I don understand about the fans. Right. You come out right. Damn you crack right.

(13m 7s):
I got my own flow man. This shit mind man. Yeah, yeah. I ain't mimic nobody. I don't sound like nobody. I ain't copy nobody But then nigga start saying you sound the same. Change the flow Nigga this is me, this my shit. What y'all want me to start rapping like other niggas? That's what I don't understand about yeah I don this fan beast like nobody never turned Tupac. You sound the same Biggie sound nigga. That's Tupac nigga. That's how he supposed to sound like Tupac like that's his own flow. Nobody never told Biggie that. You sound The same.

(13m 47s):
That what I'm saying, I ain't never heard of that. Right. But you come out with some unique shit that's yours that nobody else do. And then motherfucker say you sound Yeah I sound like me The fuck are y'all talking about? Yeah Y'all want me. Oh so you want me to change my flow up and sound like somebody else? It shit just don't make sense to me like how the fans of today move like you know what I mean But listen, maybe you gonna rock with me or you're not man. Yeah you come to me because You'all fell in love with me because of this flow right here because the way I speak on these motherfucking tracks the shit I talk about the way I express myself.

(14m 29s):
But then after I blow and I got six cars outside and yeah I'm in the big house and y'all want me to not be me. That shit don't make sense to me. I don. I just don't understand that. I realize it man. Them people just, you know what I'm saying? They just behind, you know they behind the phone, they emotions running. They might say whatever that day. Yeah that's real. Fuck it. Oh just, just change it for the hole. I don. I was sick of that but you know in reality you know you get in the car and your homegirl cut that on and y'all drunk, you finna turn it up, bop your head, You fucking right. So it's like, you know, it just comments bro. How long do it take you to create the song? How long? Shit it used to be.

(15m 11s):
It used to be like how I used to be. I used to write so I used to write all my songs. That mean them bitches down there rehearse nine, 10, a hundred times before I get there. So when I get there bitch I can make three songs. Hour. Yeah. Yeah. How Long you turn beat on and just run through it. I, 'cause you know the money crucial so Yeah back especially you gotta Pay all this money an hour 75 An hour. But but it's safe to say you ain't doing no three songs an hour now. Nah. Yeah back then you, you Back then I Was because see now I'm going off the top so it take a little longer And then let me explain to the artist Right. Why that's to all the young artists that's coming in the game.

(15m 55s):
Why that's so important. A lot of times y'all coming into the game on somebody else's dime but y'all niggas think y'all want to go to the studio and write that shit there. Yeah. Where it's gonna take you just three hours alone, four hours alone to do this one song. When you could sit at the crib you could get your shit right. You could run through your shit. Rap your shit. You could look in the mirror, you know how yous that shit when you wanna say it and then you go to the studio, you like turn the beat on. You run through that shit in 15 minutes man I'm done. Turn the next beat on. Yo you, that's You book a four hour session, you been done. Finish your EP mix tape. Right. And that's making an investor for real, somebody that's putting some money into you say, oh I like this nigga, this nigga just did a EP for 600.

(16m 44s):
God damn I like this nigga, this nigga hungry. He wanna work that make a investor even more invested in what you doing so tall. The young niggas out there stop trying to go to the studio and act like you motherfucking Kanye West act like you Jay-Z. Yeah, like you Drake, like you Travis Scott. Yeah Tyler, you little dirt boss man. Dlo you not these niggas, you ain't got no budget man. Yeah. Get that music right. Go to the studio and knock that shit out man. Be productive man. And it is more like you, you rap hustling. You not rapping 'cause you were taking this shit as a hustle. Like, I gotta go in here, bang. These three songs I come out.

(17m 25s):
What was that first, that first time you got that motherfucking checked got booked for a show. How was that? Well how much they gave you The first time was in ta. I had got, I had got 2,500. That's How everybody start. And, and and spun 3000 to get out there and and do Whatever. He spun 3000 to get there. He Spun 3000 To get there. To get 2,500. To get 2,500. What? And then how did, how did it feel though, knowing you got paid off rap like somebody willing to pay you from rap? That's what I said it, it felt, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Because I, that shit was like, damn bitch I remember doing free. I remember spending 3000 and getting fucking nothing. Yeah.

(18m 5s):
You feel me? Now when I do 3000 I actually get my 3000 back. Oh shit. And how long was it take for that to go from and how did it go from within that month? How long did it take to go from 2,500 to 5,000 to 10? How, how was it jumping up? What was the jump like? It probably was like every three shows, maybe four like every three, four shows. Then I'm like All. right. I'm charging five boom. And it was like three more show All. right Man, I'm charging ten three, four twenty. That shit hitting. You got back incoming. Come On nigga. You Hit now When you get to like 40, 50. Not they offering, you know what I'm saying?

(18m 46s):
Now they coming at you with 75 now you like damn that's higher than I lemme get that. That's crazy. It's good when that shit turned into a car auction shit, huh? Yeah. Yeah. What'd you want? 25 35? 35 45. I'm telling you 75 Nigga souls. You Get that plus the plus the after party they like yeah we wanna book you for the, the walkthrough walk through. So you just kicking it up now you your new album, right? Yeah. Why the, why the title Dlo Curry? What what, what was the title? Why the why the why you title with that? Because you know how I, you know how I I am them basketball references, you feel me? So you know that boy Cur don't miss know what I'm saying? So that's what I'm trying a whole album full of.

(19m 28s):
How many songs you got live on? Like 20 on now. How many features? Probably like it probably like four or five. Four or five. How long did it take you to create it? Like this whole album? How many songs did you make, you know, to make to get to that 20 Maybe like, 'cause it's like 20 songs but it's like three four of 'em that's already out. One of 'em just a remix, you know what I'm saying? So it's probably like 16, 17 new songs. That shit probably took like six months bro. Like that shit probably took like six months outta 16. I probably made about 25 songs that I, in the mother one.

(20m 11s):
It was like nah. Oh damn. So you do you you Like 30 songs? Yeah. Like What's your favorite song on album? My favorite song? Damn shit. Probably 46th Street. That that's where you from. Yeah, it is more personal.

(20m 34s):
This episode of Million Dollars mworthofgame is bought to you by DraftKings. It's the most wonderful time of the year holidays on the house at DraftKings casinos. With their season offerings, you'll unwrap everything you wish for from table games and jackpots to slots at the top of everyone's list. Jingle Bell Power reels. Draft Kings is offering a warm welcome to new players with $100 instantly in casino credits with just a $10 Weger. So what you throw below 10 wha a hundred instantly. What we talking about? That's, that's a good trade for me. I throw up 10 wha a hundred instantly. Oh man, that's a great trade with just $10 weger Plus everyone can get into action with the holiday reward every week. So sign up with Code GILLIE 'cause the holiday Cheers here only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Put it on drafting Gambling problem. call one 800 Gambler in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org Please play responsibly 21 and over physically. President Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only void in Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only opt-in required casino credits are non-controllable and expire in 168 hours terms at casino.draftkings.com/promos.

(22m 1s):
It is just that I don't know I don't know. I'm I'm just, I'm just fucking about that song. I don't know that. It just put me in that vibe. Like. I feel like everybody gonna fuck that Bitch in this day and time. You got it. But people always worrying about numbers. In this day and time when you creating this stuff, do you be worried about the different TikTok? What's you thinking about any of that? Or are you just Like I like no, like, like creating a TikTok? No, no, no. Like Like I. Hope it do this. I hope it do numbers. I hope it do this. It seem like you just been putting your music out. You ain't be in this world where everybody be scared to put it out. Like how'd you thinking when you Nah, I ain't worried about that shit. Nah, 'cause it's Like. I ain't just gonna do what it do. You just gotta keep putting out gas.

(22m 41s):
If that bitch don't, if you put it out and that bitch don't do numbers then, you know what I'm saying? Because I was, I was shooting the video for Finesse. I was shooting that video. I had the, we just posted the get in with me freestyle. Yeah. So I'm shooting a video that I ain't even looking at my phone. You know I'm busy and shit. Man that bitch the freestyle going crazy. I don't even know it like that bitch going crazy on Instagram just went crazy. I ain't even on there though. So when I get on there I'm like what the fuck? Damn that bitch got how many lights? Shit we turn. So that's how you test.

(23m 21s):
Do you test your music on the ground? Let me throw this out there. Yeah little piece. Get on live fuck with it. Little piece. The song you did with Baby Face Ray. Right. When is, is that gonna be on there? Did that make the album? Yeah, Did did it make the album with Herbo And all 'em on there? Nah, I ain't ain't nah nah. Me And all me and Herbo ain't finished nothing. We ain't finish it yet. You know, you know he, he supposed been on that song. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But shit, we ain't finished what we were supposed to be doing with that shit yet. But that shit gonna drop. Yeah. But no it's like you got, you got, I'm just saying I heard that joint that's like one of my favorite joints. Yeah.

(24m 1s):
Yeah that joint the way it hit the, who was the producer? You use the same producer. That's Dante God damn that song is like yeah you got some good, you got some good pro beats. So what's going on with the tour? Shit we going, we, we, we finna drop the album and then we going, we gonna jump on tour right after December. In December or January. We dropping the album early December. I know December 13th. Yeah. And then we probably gonna jump on January, February. So How you know this shit about to go stupid Right? What the toy, the album. The album Street's waiting. Man ain't gonna hold you the street's waiting man. I Got that shit on you boy.

(24m 42s):
You got anybody in your crew that's coming next? My crew? Yeah, like that. That spit too Brother Rap around here. I'm saying Brother Rap right here Brother Bday. Okay. What I'm saying that Brett Bald Man Pat, I'm saying bought Man J Rock right here. you know what I'm saying? I got a couple y niggas, they come Is they is they come is they gonna be opening up on a tour or anything? Shit, you know they, they they, they still developing. Yeah they still making their music, you know, finding their catalog, you know what I'm saying? So they'll be ready bro. Traveling. They ready. That's what it's about. Is it, is there anybody in the game you wanna do songs with that you ain't do nothing with yet? Are you like we gotta get a song in Hell yeah I feel Like I want to do one with the weekend.

(25m 30s):
I feel Like I ain't get one with Future yet. You know that my favorite artist right there. Shit. I don't know. I just, I kind of want to get on that on that other type of vibe, you know what I'm saying? That vibe Can't be on you. I see where you going, you Know what I'm saying? I'm trying to get, I'm trying to go

(25m 47s):
This episode of Million Dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by BODYARMOR Sports Water. Alkaline water that provides real hydration, real electrolytes for real taste. Everybody's always drinking in the office around me, you know at the studio. Everybody, you know this one thing, this is a studio favorite right here. You gotta stay hydrated. The sports drink, the Zero Sugar and even the Flash IV after a long weekend we can get, we can't get enough of BODYARMOR. The sports water in my opinion is the best water on the market. I've been telling y'all that for a minute. Make sure you go get yours at Walmart or a local grocery store and don't forget when you are out and about. Matter of fact, I ain't gonna lie, I'm a little thirsty right now. I'll me crack this puppy needed that when you out and about make sure you get you something potty on Sports Water. Why would you get any other water when you could get BODYARMOR?

(26m 47s):
Right. I got some new shit with Ja with Jaqui though. That bitch ooh, That's on that level though. Okay. You talking that shit? Huh? That's on that type of level? Yeah. You Okay? Nah for sure. Talk to them chicks. Huh? That's That bitch him, That's, that's all it's really about now, you know, after this album you gonna go on tour. Yeah. And then the summer coming, you know you, you, you you destroyed the summer. You de you ready to do part two? Hell yeah. I'm Telling you that shit was fun bro. How was, how was tour for you getting booked? Not just tour getting booked anywhere. You was booked anywhere? Yeah. Was, yeah. Well that shit was fun boy. That shit exhausting boy. But that shit, that shit fun But it's exhausted In a good way.

(27m 29s):
In a good way. you know what I'm saying? You be tired and you happy. Yeah. And your dick be happy. That's more look at all the young Damn, I wish y'all coulda seen them off camera. Oh shit. Shit. Happy Telling Different, this is a different game Yo. I'm telling you. It's just different man. I just think, I just think you, I I just seen witness you do your thing and to see you do your thing. In in in a world where we got a Unloyal fan base. The fan base now to me like Gil was just saying they represent if you get hot right now, we love you and fuck who was hot yesterday? Oh hell yeah. Fuck Who was hot a week ago?

(28m 9s):
It's like right now. Oh you I mean and it's like to be able to keep their attention for so long 'cause it's like their attention once you get a song out here and if you ain't no already established all this, it seem like that shit only lasts like 90 to 180 days and then they off to the next person. But for you to keep coming like that, You see that why my my song Who? My song a minute 30. Yeah you in and out 20 A bitch don't wanna do nothing but hear that shit one time minute long, minute 20 run it back if it was that gas another minute 20. Okay. Next song. What made you come up with that short length? 'cause I I, I call it like the, the one was two minutes but what made you say to yourself, damn I only got this much time.

(28m 52s):
Did you think that out or you seen it somewhere else? Kind of a little bit of both Like. I seen it. I seen it while I was researching like damn bro like these songs coming out, these bitches shorter and shorter and shorter like the hits coming out. These motherfuckers is short and then the hits that's coming out there as long they getting turned off halfway in the song. Oh Shit. You see you looking at, you looking at data than anything. Yeah they get, they listening, they going hook verse back to the hook one more time. don don't hear this shit more don don't want to hear the second verse and then hear the hook again. Nah that shit they cut it off.

(29m 34s):
So that Made me Like I saying when everybody was coming on some drill shit. Right. Some shoot 'em Upda. Right Backdoor you know you came on some player shit, you came on some Like I get money. You know I wear that shit. I drive them cars. I fucking bitch I move at work I don't wanna shoot you but I will. I'll shoot you till you catch on fire if I got to, I got To sure. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah that that was kind like how Philly rat was back in the day. Well we fly niggas, we trying to get some money nigga we want wear their clothes. Fuck you bitch. Yeah once your bitch get outta pocket nigga we attacking your bitch like Reggie White, you hear me but we ain't look we not running around trying to crash out.

(30m 19s):
You feel what I'm saying? We wanna get some money now. Don't don't get it fucked up. You get a stink of twisted you you two 50 you'll be one 20 next week buddy Laying up in that motherfucker hospital. But that wasn't the rat. We was pushing the rat. We was pushing. When we fly niggas We getting money, we hustlers. You come on that angle in a time when, where everybody coming on shoot 'em up. Bang bang. What made you come that direction? I'm gonna tell you where that come from bro. Nigga ain't really been to jail found. Oh yeah you think different when you been to jail? What you talking about Jail. Okay you start. Yeah you think different niggas Ain't really been to jail in the prison. Did a whole, you know what I'm saying, did at least a year in that bitch.

(31m 4s):
So it's like of course you Like I ain't trying to go back to jail When you been there. You and you been there not just one little couple times like oh you done bumped your head a couple times. You like man shit fuck that. I ain't got nothing else to rap about. I ain't rap about nothing but get their money and stay out. That shit I ain't, you know what I'm saying? I ain't finna tell you nothing going That shit. And it's crazy And it's crazy from when you hear the music outta everybody's rap. You, you went up quicker than everybody quick. And I think and like Like I I was telling one little homie, I said man when you, when you got this music women want, women want to vibe, they want to dance, they wanna feel free, they wanna get that liquor on it, they wanna smoke, they hookah, they want to be around some music.

(31m 46s):
You can't, they can't do that into the other music 'cause they can't relate to that. Yeah they wanna have motherfucker talking that shit to 'em and and that's what the music did man. And it's just good that you on point to see like that. I love how the athletes embrace your shit Man. Yeah they love It. And that's why I said when I, when I was researching that shit took months, found months of me sitting in one room just Oh this, this went okay, this went Trying to figure it out. Just the reason that went. Yeah. Oh okay. They liked it. Oh well he performing this song. Oh they like that Was you looking at, was you looking at the charts or was you looking atm, Spotify. In YouTube. You just was listening to the same, I ain't looking at no numbers.

(32m 28s):
I don't wanna see no numbers. I wanna see crowd reaction. I wanna see fan reaction. I don't wanna see no numbers 'cause numbers can get shifted and played with And. all it, you know what I'm saying? I want to see the real faces. Who Gave you the best game on performance that you watch that you said or did you take some stuff from multiple people? How was it did you establish your performance? Who did you see? It was like damn It got some some it's some real like performers out there for him. Like Travis Scott is a performer, you know what I'm saying? Like god damn Daba like these when you go to they shows these shit is crazy, crazy.

(33m 13s):
You feel me? Even young boy when he was performing. Yes you feel me? Them niggas be out there turned that shit had yas just you turned with them. Feel me? So I feel Like I feel like too though a lot of y'all generation lost the art of like really putting a hundred percent into performances. Yeah. you know what I mean? Niggas be walking around these songs be playing niggas say two words shoot 'em up, you ain't getting nothing. I'm like damn nigga you that your fucking song playing nigga you not even rapping. I be Like I don't be understanding that but yeah you know I'll be like I'm from a different generation where niggas run up there and wrap They hearts out this generation be on some super cool shit.

(33m 58s):
Like I ain't really trying to get sweaty. I got 17 bitches waiting for me. I gotta go to the club do after party. I got four more shoes tonight so we didn't have four shoes. Nigga. Nigga big daddy can't, ain't never did four shoes and one. Yeah Yeah no You feel what I'm saying? So y'all shit is on a different, on a different level when it come to like even getting money and having multiple shoes in one night. But y'all don't put the same effort in. It is like, because when you think about it, a lot of y'all they have to go through the struggles that motherfuckers back in the day had to go through. Wasn't no internet, you, you get a motherfucker now you can blow right from his motherfucking living room. he like, Nah I started rapping two years ago now one of the biggest niggas in the world.

(34m 41s):
Nah that's real True. So a lot of times motherfuckers at the stage it don't even, they don't even care to put they whole heart into that shit because they ain't really have to put that effort. You feel what? What I'm saying what I'm saying. So the fact that I remember, I remember I remember seeing, I remember jet sliding and shit, you know what I'm saying in the streets for real. I remember seeing niggas really pushing like niggas out this bitch at the gas station posted CDs, I got These CDs. Niggas play this shit nigga. Right. Any bitch they see. Right. That made me like yo boy that's real grind right there. Right. So to see an artist like Daba who come from this generation, we Snap on stage And and Tyler the creator And all these dudes who really say no I'm gonna go out there and And put on a show off.

(35m 24s):
Right. Because at the end of the day your fans could like the song but they could lead your concert. Like. I mean that shit was All. right. He ain't really do nothing. He just walked around the stage all night and yeah that don't intrigue him to want to come back. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You know feel what I'm saying. That was me. I got a little, I got a little self thing anyway to where it like

(35m 45s):
This episode of million dollars worth a game is bought to you by Mando. Look at him. Let you get a look at this look. Let you get a look, let you get a look. You feel me? It's official. The holidays are around the corner. That means life's lights, gifts and get togethers. Why is Mandu the MVP of the holidays? I'm gonna tell you why Mandu is clinically proven. 72 hour or older Control safe for the whole body pits packaged feet and everywhere in between. You know your little muscle down there, you know what I mean. Hit them puppies up. Mando was available in four cologne Quality, CENT, bourbon leather, Mt. Fuji Pro Sport and CL and Clover Woods. Mando Starter Pack is perfect for new customers. Which to secure some last minute stocking stuffers. It comes with a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant. Two free products of your choice like mini body wash and deodorant wipes and free shipping. Luckily I have a discount code to help you get busy for the holiday season. New customers get $5 off of Starter pack with our exclusive code that equates over 40. Do 40% off of starter pack. Use code M-D-W-O-G being os mworthofgame MD wog@shopmando.com. Please support and show and tell them we sent you because why wouldn't you wanna be smelling fresh Mando. That's the way to go. You hear me? Don't let meat sweats get you this holiday season. Your family and friends will thank you. Right Mando Go get yours smell good. Why wouldn't you?

(37m 29s):
Right. I'm already, you know what I'm saying? I'm know everybody recording and shit. I don't know how I'm looking so I don I don want to be turned. I want my shit to look. Yeah you feel me. Right. And I ain't gonna lie. Every show I done did I told you I done did like 200 like straight like every shot done did I be getting messages like yeah nah you did that, you had us turned out good so Like I like seeing that, you feel me? I don't want to see. Oh damn. Why you ain't Because your ma your energy gotta match. Yeah for sure. They come there they they get a certain type of energy, they get a certain type of vibe when the car, they listening to your shit and then you come to the show you like pocket full of big phases like damn this nigga dried shit.

(38m 13s):
Yeah you gotta turn that shit up. You feel me? You gotta turn that because to me if you a artist the the most rewarding thing is when you hit that stage And all 'em lights is on and they go crazy for you. And Like that's the best part I would give a nigga the most energy like Right. Ain't no better moment than that Right up bro. That's what I'm saying. So why not give them a hundred percent every time I don't see how they do it. When I come out that bitch first quarter and see them lights man I'm finna turn up man. Ain't nothing I can't even, I can't even fake it can't even not turn up Fucking right. What you looking for Man? You know what's crazy? I wanna show him something because the first time I seen I never been to NBA young boy concert.

(38m 58s):
Right. The first time I seen him perform it was with me and Gil. He did three, he performed three unreleased songs on the fucking mountain. Me, him and Gil. Yeah Shit this is the first the biggest he went the fuck off man. Watch. We never released it yet. He be having a lot of shit. He was his backup dancer. Let's go fuck. I know My role Nigga talking about fuck you talking That top. See You Don know he don't know He snapped by time. The shit over He shit break the internet.

(39m 48s):
We ain't put this shit out yet. He went crazy. Three songs. Yeah we was gonna fuck up. He he be performing. He be performing, he be performing. See Yeah And thinking about most motherfuckers is too cool for that. Yeah He just out there with don't Give fuck hanging fuck because everybody be too cool. We live in a time where it's though and I, I always try to tell the little homies just like Listen man they gonna talk about you if you broke they gonna talk about you if you up they gonna talk about you but you wanna be talking about you 'cause at least you went after your dreams and said fuck it. Yeah because it's like the the these motherfuckers behind behind them, them them, them tweets, And all this, all that shit on the gram.

(40m 31s):
They hide behind them comments. They be a motherfucker in the house that's afraid to do what you doing. Go ahead and pop your shit Broke in the Bed and put your time in. Just like these just like you just sat here and gave up the blueprint. This young cats is gonna watch this shit and they gonna go to they research. I hope, I hope the youngest is in this room. Your team paying attention because what, what happened a lot of time and I'm gonna say this to the youngest in the room, don't let this shit happen. I haven't seen and this is me, this is fact. I've been around a lot of big artists. I haven't seen one fucking artist go yet that's affiliated with a big artist And I was telling Big X the plug this and he was like why wild or why? I said, 'cause what happened is motherfuckers get too comfortable, they get the jury, they get around, they got access to the women, you got access, they got access to the backstage And.

(41m 19s):
All that work that you put in when you was in the room doing the research. They ain't never had to do that. That's why a lot of times it never happened. So a motherfucker gotta sit here not just the people that's watching it. They gonna listen to you like damn I'm gonna soak that game up, I'm gonna do my research, I'm gonna go in that dark room, I'm gonna do that. The team gotta get that because you'll get comfortable 'cause it's like you you behind backstage every time you they with you, they they connecting with the artist and that shit could fuck you up. 'cause you could be Like I already here. So I'm cool with just being me. They really win. They gotta back up from you motherfucker. No I don't either. You Don't really when a nigga gotta be selfish You gotta be. Yeah. A nigga gotta say that's my man, he doing him but I gotta get mines.

(41m 60s):
Yeah. And not on the selfish tip of I gotta make myself worth some value around this month motherfucker. You feel what I'm saying? Because if I don't bring value to value, what low you Devalue value. Right. And you just being dead weight. 'cause it come a point in time where it gotta be like this. You know? And and a lot of people don't. It never happened. And, and I'm gonna tell you what happened nephews, a lot of times this is how the crew always be. It's about 15 motherfuckers in here. But a year and a half from now I see him and it'll be three because as you start to level up your business, change your accountant, change your lawyers, change your infrastructure change. And they're like Listen man this is how much you spent man you you about, you spent 1.5 million on travel, you know you oldest in taxes, this many hotels, you got the many first class seats, this many sneakers And, all this shit that was on your card need that.

(42m 52s):
So what I'm telling y'all is be like this, how do y'all put value on y'all homie? And don't and say you know what, no we got, we got the dinner, we got the dinner man. No, no no, no. We cool. We buying our own kid man no we got, we got the hotels, we just gonna be, we got this. I'm gonna be the assistant. I'm gonna do this because what happened is I don't give a fuck who you is man. I've been, I've been saying, I've been talking the same thing. I'm telling y'all, I've been telling artists for years man. And then I see a artist two years later and they be like damn low you was right og. I'm like damn you three deep now it's just you, your manager, your security and the DJ and the video man the cameraman always stay. The dude ain ain't got the cameraman gonna stay. The DJ gonna stay, the security gonna stay. They bring value.

(43m 32s):
They Bringing value. I need you. I need the cameraman for my content. Yeah. Now I need what's your name Raw Now I need raw. You know why 'cause Raw my next artist he popping out here. He Got this song, he Don't made this shit popping out here. He don't wanna put that work in. Yep. He posting on his Instagram. He ain't too cool. Right. Come on man. You next let's go. Yep. I you could open up man. Matter of fact let me use some of my connects. Yo man. Yo man I got guitar, me popping got this song. I need you on it. It's gonna be me, you and him. Alright. Bam. Introduction to the game. That's how shit work. But if you don't bring no value and then niggas will be sitting around me. He don't do nothing class Nick. He just want the 32 cities And he can't say it but I'm gonna say it for him.

(44m 14s):
He pointed to three of y'all said y'all the artist. I asked something very important. I said who opened up for you? he said they still developing. Y'all gotta come up outta that development stage. 'cause y'all gotta really start really developing when you come up outta that stage when you really developing. So now you get, now, now when he doing that you on the under car you can you, you can you get a bag a night you can, it might be 3000, might be 2000. But you bringing some value now You get mad be well money, you building a brand You don't even give a fuck. Might be free. Yeah. I need this audience man. I gotta Come up out of that. You feel what I'm saying? It's about opportunity a lot of times bro. Because I'm gonna tell you this, nobody wanna say it and he can't say it. That shit get heavy bro. It get heavy 'cause a nigga gotta take care of their mom.

(44m 55s):
They gotta take of their grandma and they sisters whatever brothers directly. Immediate family. Then they gotta make sure the homeboys All right. And it's not that they gotta do it, but they can't have y'all going places with 'em and y'all ain't right. The team ain't right. So nigga gotta, and sometimes a nigga can't say it. He can't say it, he can't say it to you 'cause you the homeboy and he don't wanna have you thinking like he going Hollywood. But he like, damn bro, like help me I, I'm about half a million in right now man. the year ain't finished. You see what I'm saying? And we ain't talking about the calls that happened outside of the music outside. Damn man I gotta do this for my baby mom man, how much you need man, come get this money. Damn my car man, we ain't talking about all that. So it's part, how do you bring value to it? I don't give a fuck if you a nigga that's like Listen man I got the nobody want to be the executive assistant.

(45m 37s):
Executive assistants, they always grow to be next level motherfuckers. There you go. I've seen executive assistants go from being executive assistants, the president's of record labels, the motherfucker running CEOs. It ain't nothing to say I got the backpack.

(45m 49s):
This episode a million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by Aura Frames like a lot of people, my grandparents, parents, you know older people, you know family members, aunts and stuff like that. You know they not the most tech savvy people, they're a little older in age. So it seems weird to get them a tech adjacent gif. But aura's digital frame is actually a perfect gift. That's because it's tech but it's so easy. So for the holidays, you know, you, you know, people get up there in age, they like to remember things. They like to look back, see they grandkids see, see pictures of they, they children, they sisters, even their mothers sometimes. So what would be more perfect than this right here for the holiday season? I'm just saying seriously it's easy to get started but once you do, the tech is incredible. It can upload photos right from my phone, just a click and even a pair of photos together for me. Like two pictures of the same person or from the same day. There's no memory card, no USBs required. There's a reason why I cutter named it the number one best digital photo frame. I mean it's number one, not two, not three, no one. you know what I mean For limited time, visit ora frames.com and get $45 off Ora frames bestselling carver mat frames by using promo code million dollars. You see it up there? Come on now. Your parents, mom, dad, uncles, cousins, sisters memories. That's very important. For a limited time or frames.com get 45 off by using code million dollars. That's or reframes.com promo code millions. This exclusive Black Friday Cyber Monday deal is the best of the year. So don't miss out terms and conditions apply.

(47m 42s):
Right. Welcome to another episode of a million dollars worth mworthofgame Business Spotlight where we gave you the news you could use to use some game. Get you up outta the couch. Yes sir. Listen man, get you moving, get you grooving, get you doing something. Listen, today we got my man listen, Boston's finest, my man dear. Is he here man? He going to get Listen first and foremost, what you need to do, you need to get the free workshop from the rip get the bag workshop.com. Yes. Get the bag workshop.com. He gonna teach you about that 150,000 work for funding. Give you the game on how to do your funding, how to start your funding, like, you know, just do your thing man. What you need to do right now is go to get the bag workshop.com. See it on screen. Listen, what? You gonna give up a free class? Yeah, we're gonna go a free live class. Oh, So what's what's all in the live class? Free, Free live class. What I'm gonna do, well That make closer. Okay, well in the free live class, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna first show them how to go get funding. Then we're gonna do live funding, right? Like last time what's live funding? Live funding means on the call people get approvals. So we average anywhere from from 200 to 300,000 a week live on the class. So a lot of times there's pre-approval lenders so they can see if they got a offer. We're not on the call. Got people getting 20,000, 30,000. So you could leave a free class up $20,000 in funding and then I'm gonna show 'em how to turn around and start a six figure funding company. How you do that? Yeah. So essentially what we do is it's all about leverage, right? So when I show you how to go get money for yourself, now you can turn around and take that same skill and now you can do it for others. The only difference is now is contractual. So we get essentially a contract. We send the clients and they allow us to be power of attorney where we're able to apply on their behalf. And the thing that we're doing that's helping us get high approvals is we, we leverage relationship banking managers. So you know how you go into a bank or you might apply online, you could go get you, you know, 15, 20, 20 5,000. But we're able to get clients 50, 75 and a hundred thousand And this shit all legit, This shit 100% legit. It's legit. Okay. 100% legit. Now, now, but in December you do this every Thursday, every day to get the bag. Workshop is every Thursday. That's a free class. You sign up, you get up in there. Yeah. But then December the 11th to the 13th, you're doing some type of bootcamp or something. Yeah, We're gonna do a three day bootcamp and that is just for me to be able to give you the game over a longer period of time. 'cause I know one hour sometimes might not be enough. So we gonna break down how to get your credit profile in order, then how to get access To funding. Oh, so, so, so the bootcamp is that different than the workshop? It just, it's just a, it's a longer version. So now you know how it goes. If I give you some game in an hour long, you able to retain something. But I wanna spend more time and really walk you through this thing step by step. So day one's gonna be just getting your credit profile in order. Day two is gonna be all about funding, personal funding, business funding, live funding. And then day three, I'm gonna show you how to turn this into a business where you can make six figures with 10 clients a year. Mm. That's crazy. So, so, so, so, so is the, is the bootcamp, how much is the bootcamp? Do it cost or It's only $32 for three days? $32 for three days. Two. Alright. And so three, and so how much time do you get in three days? In three days. For those who, those who go general, they get an hour and a half every day. And those who go with VIP, they get two and a half hours every day with Me. So two and a half. Damn, that's, that's a long Time. It's a lot. Hell yeah. That's a long time because It's about Like. I understand when we talk about money, most people think it's a thing you do, but the reason we need to spend more time with people, 'cause a lot of times, you know, making money come down to people shifting their beliefs. So a lot of people don't even know that they're the type of person that can make a Lot of money. So the first hour is gonna be q and a, right? Where now all the questions you got, you could ask me, right? So you're actually getting coached and mentored, not just me talking to you, listening. And then the second hour we're gonna be going in giving game, showing you step by step how to go out and do these things so you can apply 'em. Where Did you start? How did you start in the game? Yeah, So I've been doing funding now for two and a half years. I started a funding company two years ago. We funded over $24 million in the last two years. And I was the dude where, you know, I believe everybody, a lot of people's stories or their business comes from their story. So I was the person who I have failed seven different businesses and it was because I kept running to the same problem. Oh, I don't got money for marketing or I don't got money to hire I, don't got money to get a coach or whatever it may be. So then after I started getting funded for myself, we got $167,000 in 47 days. Now I was able to go out, get coaching and then we started funding others around the way. Once you start funding others, they gotta pay me 10% on the back end. So now they're like, how do I start doing that? Because it's a easy business. Once you know how to apply, you know how to get approvals, you turn around, you go in your group chat, you tell somebody, listen, I'm looking to help y'all get some money. Nobody's saying no. And the best part about it is it's a win-win situation. 'cause I don't get paid if you don't get the funding. 'cause they pay me with the approvals that we get 'em. So we go get 'em, lines of credit, business, credit cards, traditional loans, and then they gotta wait to get their products and they pay us. So you could be debt broke right now, but if you have some, if you have good credit, we can go get you access to funding and it could change your whole life. Hmm. That's crazy. So, so, but listen, this the whole thing, we know you failed in the businesses, but who gave you the game? I had to, I had to get in the rooms. I had to get in rooms like this. I got in first conference I went to, I think it was like circle CEOs. I went out to Atlanta and I was just a whole bunch of people getting money and I was, I was at my mom's group at the time. So I had spent my life Oh You was a basement warrior? I was a basement warrior, yeah. Oh, was you in the basement or the back room? No, I was in, I was in the back room but my content in in the business was always ran in the basement. Damn, Okay. Yeah. So You just was occupying multiple houses, multiple rooms in the house. House. She had two of them. She couldn't wait for you to get the Fuck up. You can't wait. I gotta get him my Body asap. And you was in Boston doing this? I was In Boston. And you was making your moves in Boston? They Was Boston Strangler Strangling his mom crib. Ah, I ain't going nowhere. I ain't going nowhere. I gotta hold to the basement. So So you, you said man I gotta come up outta this basement. You Put your game on on orange juices and shit like that. Like don't touch my shit Then that's a vicious renegade basement boy. Yes. You live in, first of all you're already living in a spot. You Did you do it To Mike Mike's. Oh bro, like Darius orange juice don't drink bro. Man, why the fuck who glad eat that nigga found funded but what get what's the, what's the who? Who gave you that dancing? Nigga Mama Might be a shitty found funny Because? Because Yeah thank You Jesus. Jesus, Jesus. Because How do you write on something when it's not even your crib, right? Everything you bring here supposed to be voluntary sharing, Not bad, like this voluntary sharing, you cannot even say you don't wanna share nothing or whatever. This shit gotta be voluntary. Nah, facts because your mom getting tired Of that shit though. Oh yeah. You know how that go. Listen, you damn near at 30 it's time to get out. Yeah. So you figure it out. And I tell people like she get whatever she want now. 'cause there was times and I, and a lot of times, you know, we gotta grow through what we go through and when I was, when I'm, when you fill in them business it's easy to tell you like yeah you gotta get up outta here. But she was allowing me to keep working and then shit just finally clicked. But it was down just, just getting in the room, getting around people who's getting to it and then just really executing at a high level.

(53m 60s):
Now how, how many people do you have on your team? In our team we got, I got operations manager, I got Facebook ads team, I got a email team, we got a marketing team, I got a video editor, we got four virtual assistants. So we got about, and then we got sales, sales closures. So we got about between eight and 11 staff members. You Got eight to 11. How long did you take to get there and how long was you doing it by yourself? First I was doing it by myself for the first like probably nine months. And then you get to a point where you can't scale no more because you working in the businesses that are on the business. So then I started bringing in virtual assistants to take away load tasks. I don't wanna do emails, I don't wanna respond to dms all day. So now you bring 'em in for that and then once you start getting a lot of volume, then you gotta hire someone to oversee them.

(54m 41s):
So now you get to work on the business and you get to use your imagination instead of just having to always be doing all the parts in the business. Damn. So so, so when did you really lock in? How long did it take you to really lock in and build your infrastructure? Like, like how long was it from when you started to, you had a real business? So I would say bro this, this thing's been working the past two years. Now it's been two years. At first it was just a solo be a solopreneur, which mean we capped that we started doing like 40, $50,000 a month. But then you're capped because like you said, you just stuck doing the tedious task instead of working on the business. So the past like year is where we really turned up. We really got what I call a well oiled machine. We got client fulfillment communication with all our clients, customer fulfillment's on point and just now we can really scale.

(55m 26s):
Now I can pull more money into the business because I know what it's gonna produce. That's major. Yeah. So I come into class, I'm a newbie. I'm just getting in here. What do what, what's the first thing I learned? What is how, how you start the class off. What is you teaching first on the ground level? The foundation? Absolutely. Because I don't know now how do, how do it go? So the first, the first thing is the foundation. A foundation of funding is your personal credit profile. So I'm gonna show you exactly what that should look like. How do you get in position? You know, most people think you gotta have a 7 50, 800 Now We getting people two, $300,000 if they got six 80 in the right data point. So I'm gonna break that thing down. You know how to add primary accounts, how to add credit history, how to delete negative, let negative items so you can be in position. Second thing is understanding your business gotta look like a real business, right?

(56m 8s):
You gotta have either L, LC, C corp, S corp so that your in position, if you just go into the banks and you're not set up properly, they're gonna be looking at you like why would we give you real money if you're not even operating like a real business. And then the third thing is how to identify what banks are pulling from where and how to identify which banks have the the best products for you. So most new business owners, I don't want 'em getting credit cards with a whole lot of interest that's going, that's gonna make 'em drown. So what we do is we leverage 0% interest business credit cards that'll help you go get 12 months. Where now you could go out and grow the business, start the podcast, whatever it may be. And now you got a year before interest starts accruing. So banks like Chase, American Express, bank of America, US Bank, they all got 0% introductory period, which is how I started.

(56m 48s):
That's major sir. I aint go up in that joint. I ain't gotta pay nothing back. You gimme 10,000, I gotta pay the 10,000 back in 12 months. You only got 12 months though, right? No, you got 12 months before the interest starts accruing. So you got, as long as you set up your minimum payment, meaning every month they're gonna pull 1% out as your minimum payment. You good. And then after 12 months the interest goes up to typically between 15 and like 22%. But they don't have to be paid off in full. You just have to make sure that minimum payment every month is going in. Oh man. So you got time, you got time to move and grow. Absolutely. That's the whole thing. Now I'm a person, right? I got bad credit but I wanna come in here and start doing this. Could I 100% How long do it take? The thing is when you're running a funding company, it don't matter what your credit score is because you are the one that's funding the people.

(57m 30s):
So we got people in my program, they still getting their their credit built but they're now making money because they're funding others because they know what it takes the knowledge. Exactly The now they just didn't know it early when they was in the game. Exactly when they was in college somewhere you in college you get them credit cards, You swiping them things. I don't have to eat what this news I could go get a go get me a a steak tonight. Exactly. Because that's what he did. He got, he was in college, he got the credit cards, he lost his mind. First Credit card ever got at t, universal MasterCard. And what, how much did they give you? Oh they gave me like a stack or something. 1500. I worked that bitch out 24 hours. That thing was done. But you gotta understand I was a young kid from the ghetto didn didn't even know About credit. What do you spend money on first?

(58m 10s):
Oh, Some motherfucking pizza. Know you get to college, you, first of all you go decorate your dorm facts, you know what I mean. And then when you get to the end of the month you like damn I gotta pay some of this shit back. So let me just exhaust all this shit you, You faxed out. I maxed out. My credit was fucked up since then. Man fucking 95. 95 Pizza. Pizza incense. You might fuck Ain't fucking Incense pu before. Let me get, let me get two packs of that, that flavor. The cherry incense. Let me get the black chick, let me get the blueberry, the strawberry incense. You fucked up my hook. You the hallway store Inc. You went to the hallway store? Yeah. Can I get a red to color light in in a blue color light? You getting the color lights you hook your, you said you freak your rib out man the Decorat my dick.

(58m 51s):
Yeah he like that could ring your nigga under the red light. You had the red light red like sp you all up in there thinking you chilling. Got the little music, the incense bird like you fuck you wouldn't remember any. Yeah you was an Inc. Instant warrior motherfucker. I Was motherfucker had the men sense but yeah man.

(59m 9s):
So bottom line, all y'all need to do is y'all need to go to get the bag workshop.com. What he gonna do? Is he gonna give you a flea class, you gonna be in there, he gonna give you a game, you gonna see real live funding, And, all that stuff. And then he said, you know the bootcamp come up. Tell him more about that bootcamp man. Absolutely. And why it's so much of a benefit. No, For sure. It's because the bootcamp we gonna give you the game on literally how to, how to build this thing out from A to Z. So we're gonna spend three days where day one we gonna walk through how to you set up your credit profile, how to look the parts so you can get anything you want. Day two, we gonna break down how to get this funding. I'm gonna show you how to do your own research, how to go out, find banks in your state, in your area, who's giving out the most money. We got a database that we use to find those type banks. And then I'm gonna do live funding on that day as well. And then day three I'm gonna show you how y'all can literally leverage relationships. Whether it's building relationships with bankers or building relationships to build affiliates where you can now make six figures with a funding company. That's crazy man. Yes sir. Building a relationship with bankers, how did that even start? Like how do you start something like that? 'cause people thinking like, I'm gonna build a, a relationship with a bank, I'm broke. Yeah, most people, most people are scared of the, the bankers. 'cause we was kind of taught coming up like don't, don't ask questions to the bank but the banks should actually for, you know why? Because the way they make money is based off interest. So when somebody is, they go past their 12 months or they don't, they got a credit card or a product with high interest rate. That's how the banks make money on that. So they're, they want to work with people who got good credit so they can lend out the money. So when I go to a relationship banker and I say, Hey how you doing? I run a consultant company where we help business owners grow their business online. A lot of them have good credit and they're looking for funding. The banker's eyes light up because most people have got bad credit. So I'm the plug for anybody. I connect basically the consumers to the banker. And now the difference is if you apply online, you're doing it, you just go into a manual decision. But when I connect you with my bankers, what happens is they connect with you directly. They have you fill out a form via DocuSign and they're able to push your applications through manually. Oh so when, oh so so you telling me it's a big difference from when I apply online and when I walk up in there Not not even close. Not even close to the same game. Absolutely. Oh damn man. It's from what they giving out Free again. Man. Man listen, what they doing is you giving that class, you going to get the bag workshop.com right now and he's gonna give you a free every Thursday. Every Thursday you can just hop on. You ain't gotta give him nothing, you ain't gotta give him a dime. You going to get the game up. But if you want some extensive game, it's gonna cost $32 man. Yeah, that's what you know. But sometimes you need some extensive game full of three fucking tens and two ones. But sometimes people be stealing stealing while you spilling, you know what I'm saying? So they might just wanna come and steal while you spill. Yeah, fast do that too. Get they think I'm out, I don't need you in and out and go start their own company. Start their own company. 'cause some people could grasp that much information and do their own due diligence. Their own research after the introductory. And for that intro, that intro information where you just got, you'd be like, oh yeah All right. Yeah. Some people be able to say I see where this shit going. Lemme go do my own 'cause. 'cause you could just walk up in a bank for real and really go holler at the people and talk to hundred percent how you doing my name, what's the name? I would like to get into this how I go about This. But it better if you know what you know That too. That too. But I'm saying from the in from the ism. The ism that he gonna give you at the, at the at the workshop you'll be like why not go and do it damn fast. But Listen man right here with my man Boston's finest Darius Listen. man check him out man at get the bag workshop.com Every Thursday they got a, you know a workshop for free man check him out. You don't call you nothing. Yep. This is another episode of million dollars worth a game business spotlight. And one thing about this spotlight, this brother was a basement boy man. He was writing his name on the orange juice. Look at him now. Heavy on the wrist too Man. Facts, He is wrist heavy now. Nothing too crazy. He was writing, this is my orange juice. He got the bread And all that putting the don't eat this bread, it's I'm molded lying on. He's molded. He wrote his name on a gallon of milk. That's petty. If you got a gallon of milk, why you writing it Darius Milk don't drink. You got the gallon of milk, you got the big joint and the orange juice in it. The big joint. You got the big drop of can of joint. He write his name don't drink. And he had a big ass, big ass joint of corn flakes. Nigga ain't even had Frosty Flakes. Motherfucker hit his money. He did. He get mad. His mom hide the market. Who hit my market Facts. I mean he hold his, keep his shit in his car until he fired the market. That shit in The room, The good shit stayed in the room. Petty Murphy motherfucker Petty Murphy, another episode of million dollars worth a game. Been to Spotlight and it's just like that.

(1h 3m 18s):
Right. So what I'm going do is this is what I'm going to do Dilo. I'm your man before you get to East City I'm gonna make sure I'm in the city before you. I'm gonna make sure I got your hotel right. The restaurant you want to eat from everything you need your T-shirts, anything you need all your stuff. I got the bag, I got the other phone for when people get my man your number yo. What's up? I'm right there. Everything you need. I'm making sure the security right, making sure the SUV right they got Bulletproof or not. We gotta get that boom I'm going through, walk through the club. you know what I mean? I'm the assistant to the manager and the assistant to you. But I'm making sure I don't care if what, what type of candy you want in your room. Okay. What type of socks you with? All. right. I gotta, I gotta be on type all 'cause I'm your man and I ain't got no problem and I gotta make sure you All right. I don't want you to come here sweating and I don't want you to come here stressed out when you get to the city.

(1h 3m 59s):
I need you to know when I hit you on the phone. Everything here. Boom, boom boom. I got the video man. Here go your clips from last night when you was in Milwaukee. Here go all the clips when you wake up in the morning, all the clips in your phone you can post that show the after joint I'm on him. You ain't gotta worry about him. Everything is right. Somebody gotta play that part here. Right. But see sometimes though, sometimes I be remembering though, you know what I'm saying? Like at the end of the day like my niggas around me like they, they really help the nigga get this shit. you know what I mean? I understand that. Like for real, for real. Not like how other niggas will jump around while bear were grinding like nah I'm talking about nigga really helped during the grind. Yeah most of the niggas that be with the artist was dead on the grind. But the reality of it is you see after years and years and years you see it get slimmer and slimmer.

(1h 4m 43s):
So we just put on the young niggas if if you going to rap, rap nigga put that work in. Yeah because It's more easy if that, that Nigga gonna go to the studio and do two songs that night. When you go in the studio you got to do four songs because I gotta work twice as hard as him because he already on feel what I'm saying? And and and if I really want it and because at the end of the day your blessings come from God. So once he feel like you put enough work in, you've been through enough struggle, he gonna bless you. Done. Ah, here he go. What he gonna do though? He gonna bless you. He the guy gonna test you. He gonna stress you and he gonna bless you. Bam. There You go. But if you close to this heat, if you close to hot now get get hot. Get fucking hot.

(1h 5m 23s):
Right. Take advantage of the resources 'cause he gotta join up dude like this Woof and you outta here all the take is that one song 'cause he, oh no he hot because everybody gonna say he gonna be like nah what's his name? He acting up that motherfucker man it's about that time we gotta get, we gotta get him outta here. That motherfucker going in. You ain't hear this shit 'cause it gonna be that day. You get, you gotta make sure you get that call one day when he in the studio somebody singing that motherfucker song. Oh this the one right here. And and also I Gotta jump on that. Let's shoot that video but Also for you. Right. You gotta understand that the chances of a nigga being around for 20 years, 10, 15 years, that shit is slimming. None.

(1h 6m 3s):
That shit is slimming tough. Five years slim. You got Drake, you got niggas like ho you got, you got certain niggas that's been able but then you got niggas like Yo Gotti who came in Bam, bam killed shit in this head. All. right. I'm in position now. Now I'm gonna show you niggas how to be real bosses. Come on bro. We on. Come on bro. You hot. We on. Come on bro. We on now I sit back, I'm, I'm a boss. All my young niggas run around. They the hundred 50th show. 75 ish show 200 and yeah and if I wanna drop I could drop. But even when I do wanna drop, guess what I'm dropping all hot young niggas.

(1h 6m 46s):
Yeah. So I'm still in the mix. I still Man because at the end of the day y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all is a company that's, that's the deep thing because y'all might don't see it but y'all company and the reason y'all company is that he know this. When a tax man come, he ain't playing that nigga harder than the street. Nigga that with a mask on That boy, that boy don't. Yes. So he don't have no failed robberies. Listen, listen, he listen Listen. All them bitches When a tax man come nephew, nephew, He, I ain't never Heard nephew. That boy don't have no failed robberies. On my soul Nephew, the money we spend on, we they take from tax we could buy this house 10 times and still got some money to keep going.

(1h 7m 27s):
That tax money, a million dollars mean fine. 1,005 million mean 2.5. You better have a good accountant. The first big check we seen that nigga while ago me. Oh my God. Because you mean to tell me we gotta give him this. I Couldn't believe that shit bro. Nigga Did and start crying man. I don. You know those nigga names saying I was the same way when I got my shit. You, You couldn't believe it when they told you that They want what You said and I and they ain't shooting, they ain't, you ain't shooting me or doing Nothing man. Who these people is man I need to call these people man. Y'all want two mother motherfucker, You be telling your accountant nah you don't know what you doing. I gotta get somebody else. You go get somebody else and tell you Yeah this he, He not lying you shit.

(1h 8m 10s):
Motherfucker think he got the wrong, wrong account man. Fuck nigga what? I gotta pay What you gonna give one another nigga He tell you a little More but I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna say this though before we get up outta here nephews just take advantage of y'all blessings and turn that the fuck up. Go in that motherfucker, take that minute and a half and make the shit you never thought you could make nephew make that shit because guess what? The same way y'all, I done seen plenty of artists man at the beginning man you see him at events, I'm gonna be this and you see the motherfuckers a year later and they going crazy just because they put that time that you spend in the studio that time he said something real important. That's why I kept asking him. he said I was doing research, research, research, research and just pop your shit.

(1h 8m 50s):
All you need is that one song and that one catchy hook. That one song at two you Outta here. You keep going up. Don't Keep going up bro. This shit for nothing. You see what's going on right here. This would I didn know this what it turned into. Right. That's What's going Right. This what it turned into. He was rapping a couple months outta prison, went back to the joint for 18 months, came back home. He believed in it. This anybody could do this. He just a, he just a brother that was came up in the ghetto. Like all of us came up. All of us came up in the ghetto struggling trying to figure this shit out Dog. Stop saying that shit. No I'm saying that Fucking me, anybody can do that bro. I'm not saying anybody can do that. I said we all come up in the ghetto and Struggle but you said anybody can do this. Yeah, I did say that. You Did fucking talking. Yeah, my Fault. I'm not gonna say that. I would've retract that. You Gotta add some, you You gotta put The work in.

(1h 9m 32s):
Gotta skills to do this shit. You Gotta put the work in man. Nah yeah for sure. See now I'm gonna tell y'all something. I'm gonna tell y'all a story. No I Ain't gonna lie bro. It really bro, I I I don't even say it come with skills nowadays man. No but it come with, it Come with like you got to have that constructive criticism to yourself bro. You gotta know like okay bomb, I'm pressing this button right here and that bitch ain't getting me nowhere so I need to stop. I'm finna go over here and press this button. That's the one. If you going to just sit there like no bro I'm popping it. What you mean nigga? And keep pressing that button knowing that shit ain't working. I that when you just, But what I'm saying too is you gotta have some type of it factor, you feel what I'm saying?

(1h 10m 16s):
Yeah. This motherfuckers who drop songs you might not even like the song but you like to be Like I like that nigga though. That nigga you gotta have some type of it Factor. Yeah nah for sure. You feel what I'm saying? That attract motherfuckers to what you doing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Nah for sure. You know what I'm saying? You definitely because let's be for real man. Just in Florida alone man it is 1.9 million rappers man. Just in Florida man That shit crazy. What I don't know if them numbers is exact but I'm just saying Football plays too sound about right. Football plays too though. No because the way responded Like I googled that shit. That shit came up is damn that's that shit sound about right. That's what I'm saying. All the athletes rap on the low. Let's keep it real.

(1h 10m 57s):
All them niggas rap on the low got Studios, You know what I mean? All the motherfucking Instagram models, they be low key rappers. Everybody's trying to get Counting niggas in Jail. Oh no what jail Rap on my Son nigga cook low in the yard end of this career. Somebody gonna rap nigga somebody, Somebody gonna be in a jail on they phone watching this interview saying damn he start writing right now Man. No this niggas in jail in prison man them niggas hard as hell. Yeah they recording this shit in there. You know his last, his last battle was in prison. Nigga young boy come through. He was in there for safety. Never Beat Me in prison. He was in there for 17. Young boy come right through. I used to spit man I done had a couple of these joints if I ain't retired. Yeah prison retired.

(1h 11m 40s):
Shit. How much you did? I did 20, 20 20 Man what? Fuck you Damn. Yeah 17 to 37 man damn. Two armed Robberies too. Firearm violations. That's why I be telling niggas stand down like you just said. Stop pushing That button. You know at time Stop Pushing that button. That shit shit ain't working nigga. You know what time it is. For real, for real. Fuck all that I Got away But Listen man we ready to get up outta here. You see what's going down Gil? You see what's going down? Me, I River game Boss Man Dlo Smith, You hear me? Dlo Curry 1213 the album is coming out. Go get that. you know what I mean. I might pop up on there and drop. I'm just saying I just thought if you was you know you know doing dedications to niggas that don't miss you coulda called it Dlo.

(1h 12m 20s):
GILLIE I. don Miss it. I don Get out there though. Get out there. We gotta get out there. Me and you. Yeah Bro. You got I Don Shit 200 shit Thousand on your fucking wrist. You can't even lift that motherfucker Man. I'm gonna take you, I'm gonna take this off. I don't see that Shit. Shit all heavy. You got you going shoot with that shit on man. I'm gonna take it off. Oh man You think you could fuck with this I don? I don't see that fo We gonna see I tell you got a serious ass face though. Like a believable No for real. What we playing? What we playing to? I, I play all day so Nah I can't.

(1h 13m 1s):
I can't fuck with that though. What I'm saying, No matter what we play to, we going play to whatever you going lose. Whatever you want to say game, go to this. That's where you going to lose. Okay. Yeah Well listen this is what we gonna do. Put him on The list. The next show we Put him on the list man fuck that. The next show catches man we give Lemme name the List yo And Elite Chopper Chris Brown but N League gave some work. I don't see I Don. He did. I wanna be PE though nigga I don Professor. I don't see them either. Rob four nine. I don't see them either. Can you keep the list going with I don't see no nothing, nothing. You named Lethal Shooter Donovan Mitchell throw him on the list. All right. Fuck it front. You crossing everybody else front on the gram.

(1h 13m 42s):
Yeah go ahead Kat. Go ahead Mitchell. Oh my god. Tre Young Trey Young. Go ahead get it off. Go ahead. Who else He saying he's beat these guys? No I'm just saying he gotta move off on 'em so if you, He gotta move off on. If you gotta Move off on, I gotta move off on Mitchell got beat Mitchell Tre Young. I ain't beat them niggas. He gotta, he gotta move off on them but You ain't even one of them niggas. You D Low Kerry, you not Steph Kerry I lose the Steph. Not d Lowe But you ain't seeing me Bro. You walking on you haven't seen me. Well we gonna make it happen. Listen 'cause this what we going to do when we had the BET game this year again, I'm bringing it. We Gonna bring him out then Don swing him on Team. Do not duck no smoke.

(1h 14m 22s):
N Call me Don't duck no smoke All. right. Call me Terrance Crawford. No what's his name came to the game. Steal A baby. No, no, no Skill A baby snap. Don't do that. Nah, he snapped it. He snapped at the motherfucking 50 because they loaded the team up on me. They put me with seven CR Snapped too. He snapped. I'm just saying I wasn't playing so I, I couldn't stop the, you know I couldn't help you say Skill A baby out Snap. He snapped a Snap. He got the mvp. I got Skill in the first game though. Skill Got like 50 on him. The BT game 50. I got Skill outta there, honcho out there. Me had Delo to the list. D Herbo was out There G. Oh Gbo was on my team. I'm out there. Carl out my mind. Tyler was out there no smoke.

(1h 15m 3s):
I'm out All right. This de duck new smoke. You Gotta let me know though. Yo. You gotta let me know the date though. Like I'm let you know when It dance. Gimme like 90 days. He going, he gotta get together man too. About 90 days. 90 I need you. 90. I give you 60. You gotta get it together. You 70 damn All right. 70. That was some Florida shit right there. 70. 70. Yeah We Doing. I'm gonna give him 70. But this is what I need y'all to do before that game come. I need y'all to go out there, get that out December 13th. Get that Dlo Cur is going down Listen man check him out man. And he coming on tour January. He should be on tour running around the country man. And look out for the youngest. Hold up. Tell him your name Young and put the camera on him.

(1h 15m 44s):
Boss man. Tell him your name Neff Man. Bossman Brit. Tell him your name. Neff boss man. Rock. Look for the youngest man. They coming. Oh. I didn't know it was the whole, it is the boss man move man. Yeah that all 'em coming. They gonna do the compilation next year. I'm count. I'm telling you they're going to do the compilation next year. 'cause these young gonna be on it. I'm just telling you. Letting you know they gonna turn into fuck Up. You speak shit into existence. Yes. I got to. I gotta speak life into these niggas. We Finn Apply pressure. You see what I'm saying? I gotta speak life into the Ns. It's going down. We outta a million dollars. mworthofgame boss may beat up like that. Right.