
Hey Million dollars worth. Of game listeners You can find every episode on Apple podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right? What if the golf ball you're playing isn't the number one ball for you? Meet the all new TP five and TP five X from TaylorMade. Whether you prefer the softest five layer tour ball in the TP five or the fastest, that's now a half a club longer in TP five X, you'll be playing a golf ball that performs like it was built just for you. Available in white, yellow and picks. You can personalize it with my symbol no matter which you choose. Every TP five. TP five x is designed to help your game. Head to Taylormade golf.com today to find the number one ball for you.


Lucy is the official nicotine pouch partner of Barstool Sports and their signature breakers pouches contain a tiny liquid capsule that's a flood of flavor all day long. There's not a pouch that fits this lip better than Lucy. Give Lucy a try and go to lucy.co/barstool and use promo code Barstool to get 20% off your first order. Lucy products are only for adults of legal age and every order is age verified. Warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.


Let's Run this up baby. Do 1.5 million P per views, baby. Yes, Let's do it. Not bad. Not bad. 1.5. Lot of money. 1.5. That's nice. You now tuned into Min Million dollars worth of boxing. Yes, Listen. man. We got two great fighters right here, man. Right? We got CANELO, we got Edgar Listen. man, Edgar, I'm gonna go with you first. Now I call you the stoppage. You be stopping shit. You know how you feel going into this fight. 22 wins.


17 knockouts. They don't, people don't last that long in the room. Ring with you. How do you feel going into this fight? What is your plans? You know, what do you plan to do? He's a legend, bro. You know what I'm saying? And this is a time for me to, you know, make greatness happen. You. know what I'm saying? September 14th, Summer is all about the freedom to have fun. Forget a vacation and take a tequila vacation with new truly tequila soda. This refreshing blend of real fruit juice from concentrate sparkling water and premium Tequila Blanco is the drink of the summer. Try all four refreshing flavors. All with 5% A BV and just 100 calories.


Truly tequila soda. Keep it light hard. Seltzer beverage company, Boston, Massachusetts. Please drink responsibly. He's seen a lot of, he's seen a lot already. You know what I'm saying? And I said this before, he fought Triple G, he fought Floyd, he fought vivo, he fought bigger guys. But what I know is that is this, there's nothing physical about this fight. You know what I'm saying? It's all this, it's mental, it's intelligence. And that's what's gonna make the difference. You know what I'm saying? It's not a, everybody keeps saying about the power, about all you big, you strong. It's cool. He's powerful. He's strong too. He could punch too, you know what I'm saying? But it is about the mentality, the iq and that's just all, all it is for September 14th.


I see you, I see you, I see you approaching this fight, which I see him being a legend. It's a lot of respect. Where did that come from? Just, I mean, you know, with him, he's a, he's a legend, bro. Like I've been, like I said, bro, I've been manifesting this shit for, for a long time, man. You know, people out there knew. I used to talk about it like, yo, that guy right there, we gonna fight one day. You know what I'm saying? I didn't know when I, maybe I probably thought like, yo, we probably not even gonna take, we probably not, never gonna fight. You know what I'm saying? 'cause he's getting older You, know what I'm saying? He making that bag, he fucking niggas up, you know what I'm saying? And he probably gonna get out the door one of these days. But, you know, the time came, man, and I'm, I'm just happy and I'm grasping everything, you know what I'm saying? And it's just time for me to become a legend.


Okay. Like himself, CANELO People was begging on Benavidez, they was begging for Terrence Crawford. What made you pick this young lion right here? I think I picked him because he's a good fighter. He's a good fighter. A strong fighter, young fighter. And it's Mexico versus Puerto Rico. Always history for, for boxing. And I think it's, it's a good fight for, for, for the people. Binga Edgar being honest, that's not too many people in the media is giving you a shot. Oh, of course. I know They saying it's too early.


We, we did an interview with, with, with Ante Davis and we did it Frank Martin with Frank Martin and Tank sat here and told Frank, it's too early. You should have waited. You took this fight too early to the people that's saying it is too early, Edgar, you shouldn't have took this fight. What do you gotta say to that? I've been boxing since I was seven, bro. I've been BI was born into this shit and I seen an interview where, when Tank said that Frank Martin is a fighter that he just started boxing a couple years ago. You, know what I'm saying? I've been in the sports since seven years old. You feel me? So it's different. You know, right now is the time. You feel me? I'm not, we not stepping back. We got the opportunity and we taking it, you feel me?


And we going up against a legend. So that's the most important thing. And it's crazy. I really dreamed about all of this shit, man. Like, everything that's going on right now, I dreamed of it. You know what I'm saying? And stepping in front of him, man is just, you know, another day. But, you know, this is the biggest, Of Course, this is the biggest in the game. Of Course This ain't, this is, this is 33% of Mexico is watching when he fight. Of Course All eyes going to be on you that night. He's used to the big stage. He's been doing the big stage for years. I'm talking about he's used to coming out in front of 40, 50, 60,000, Of course. But everybody gotta get, get their feet wet.


Right? He got his feet wet. The only way to do this is I gotta be in that position. You know what I'm saying? With him, I gotta, you gotta, you gotta put me in there, you feel me? It is either you going to, you going, how, how they say that you gonna either sink or swim, you feel me? And with me, man, you know he, he where I'm at, he was at before, you know what I'm saying? He didn't just get there just by, by a automatically. Boom. 40,000 people know he gotta work his way up. Right. Okay. But it just so happened that God bless me with his opportunity so quick, man. And you know, that's why everybody hating. So I, Ben Avitas is handing bitch has his pops morale. These guys, man, they wanted the opportunity.


They never got it. They crabs. You know what I'm saying? So we just got the opportunity, man. We gotta make the best of it. Is it gonna be a stoppage? Know You stop Shit. I never, yeah, but I never stop shit. Yeah, but I never, all my fights, I don't like predicting nothing. You know what I'm saying? I just know it's gonna be fireworks. That's all I say every time.


Now CANELO Football fans, the NFL season is almost here. Did you know that DraftKings Sports book and official partner of the NFL offers season long pick and pool contest that you can enter right now? That's right. And here's how it works. Head to the DraftKings Sportsbook app, select the pools tab and find a pick contest to enter each week. Make five picks against the spread. Each correct pick earns you a point, compete against other contestants and climb the leaderboard. Each week. Be one of the highest scoring players at the end of the season to take home your share of millions in cash prizes. Don't miss your chance. Reserve your entry now. New customers. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now and use code BSS during signup. Compete for your share of over three and a half million dollars in total prizes with season long pools only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPE NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Entry fees required max entry limit supply prizes issued in cash ends 9 8 24 at 1:00 PM Eastern time. CD dk g co slash pick terms for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


65 fights, two draws, two losses, 39 knockouts. All the money, all the cars, everything you want. Beautiful family. What motivates you to keep going? Why do you keep going? I love boxing. I love what I Do I. I still enjoy my training. Camp comes, I enjoy boxing. I love this. I enjoy a lot. This. So, and I, I wanna continue make history because I wanna put my name in, in a big stage, in a big, in a big position for my history. So, and I still enjoy it. I love what I do.


The fight. It's on the same day as UFC and the Turkey said something about, sorry, he said something about that The UFC numbers is going to crush the boxing numbers. No, It's not. I don't believe that. I believe CANELO Alvarez is the biggest in the world. It's just different. It's Different, right? Yeah. Maybe other boxing match maybe. But CANELO Is different. Why not just boxing match? Why not yours? Huh? You say maybe other why not yours? Like why Other kind of fights. But CANELO is just different. Different. And I don't care if he's the UFC. There is, when CANELO fights, he's different.


I like how you're talking about yourself in third person like CANELO do something. Let me ask you this question. To this date, what was your hardest fight? I have a lot, a lot of them. But I think my difficult fight was with Floyd Mayweather. Floyd Mayweather. Hardest fights with Golovkin. Maybe. Golovkin. Yeah. Who was the hardest puncher you faced? I Look, everybody can say all up, but I, I never feel that that bad. Like Kirkland. Kirkland. He like, I hit my arms and feel like rocks.


Yeah. And I say, you know, I need to finish this guys right now because this is gonna be, he's gonna bring me all that fight around. So, So let me ask you this question. 'cause you didn't, you look like a relatively small guy, but you fighting at 1 68, 1 75, you're putting him down. Like, but you don't look as big as Edgar mentally. That's, that's, that's the difference. Yeah. And when you feel the power, it's different. That's the little but pack a big punch. Yeah. That's the difference. That's the difference. 39, that's What I told you what I told you. Mental game that You know, lot of talent, you know, you know, they don't see any outside in of the ring, but when they come into the ring, it's just, they see everything.


Oh, now I know why. Oh, so when they sit there and they watch you on tv, oh The, I see. I can do it. And when they, they step in the ring, get The ring, They see why It's why I'm can var. Absolutely. Now, Now early in your career,


This episode of Millions mworthofgame is brought to you by DraftKings World of slot reels and blackjack deals come the must play event of the summer from DraftKings Casino featuring nonstop action on all star cast of games, including Alister. Loki's Luck this summer. Blockbuster is one you won't wanna miss. See me personally though, when I play DraftKings, I like to play. I like to play the craps table. You know, that's just one of my favorites. I don't want on a run that was so vicious. I'm talking about number after number, after number after number. But that's just me. You, you know, DraftKings, you could bet you could baseball. You know, right now just the Olympics is on. You know, you could do tennis, blackjack, slots, craps, table, whatever you want. DraftKings got. That's why I love DraftKings so much. But plus new players can get ONE, HUNDRED, DOLLARS INSTANTLY, IN CASINO CREDITS with just $1 wager. Think about that. You can get a hundred dollars in casino credits with just a one dollar wager. and ALL players get a Blockbuster Bonus every week. So sign up with the code. Gilly, G-I-L-L-I-E whip out your phone right now. DraftKings called Gilly, G-I-L-L-I-E. And grab your popcorn at showtime DraftKings Casino, right Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly 21 and over. Physically present in Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only void in Ontario. Eligibility and other restrictions apply new customers only $1 Wager to earn $100 in non withdrawal casino credits that expire in 168 hours. Terms at casino dot DraftKings dot com slash blockbuster.


People went different ways. You went what? Oscar? People went to p another way. PBC way. PBC way. Yeah. Do you think if you would've went a different way earlier, you would've been like, what do you think would've happened if you would've just that time when you Chose Oscar over PBC, you went with Oscar. Do you think if you would've chose P-B-C-I-I think I would've do better with PBC. Way better. I do good things with Golden Boy and, and I'm not mad with that, but I, I think we be better with PBC. Is that the reason why you came over to PBC now? Yeah, I like to work with everybody, but right now I'm working with PBC and I'm glad to, to have the opportunity to work with them.


Yeah. Because I know That I'm, I'm glad to, to do business with Hyman and everybody. See one thing about you. You did business with Oscar, you did business with Eddie. Now you're doing business with Al. So you I'm My own boss. You your own boss. Absolutely. How do you feel? Edgar, you know, east coast. Get the crew together and head off to the, the course in the new 2024 Chevy Traverse with impressive cargo room, three row seating and the first ever Z 71 Trim Traverse can handle your buddies and their golf bags with ease Chevrolet. Together. Let's drive East coast, west Coast, a little different East coast, lot of Puerto Rican where we from? Philadelphia, New York.


How do you feel knowing you got PR like on your back man, you got in New York City, nmp? This is, yeah, that's like, how do you feel like, is it feel this is like, whoa, this is a lot of pressure. Nah, no, nah, it feels good man. You know one thing about me right there, I got Puerto Rico, but I also got the hip hop culture. Yes you do. You know what I'm saying? I got both and that's why I got the best of both worlds. You feel me? So I think it's a good feeling, man. You know what I'm saying? It is. It's so, I like, I like to have challenges like that bro. You like, I like, I like having that I having an island behind me, having the haters talking shit. You know what I'm saying? Having New York behind me, like that's something I dreamed of. You feel me? And, and I got it. You know what I'm saying?


You can't step back now. Like, I got it, it's here. That's it. You feel me? Now you just gotta make it happen. You mentioned Benavidez is one of your haters. Like, you, you, your energy changed. Yeah. What's that about, man? Nah, it's just, you know, with him, right? His father's a crab and he's a crab You, know what I'm saying? And he's a dude that he talks so much shit, you know what I'm saying? And his father's a crab. 'cause his father's a, he's not a good person. His father's the type of person that he'll, he'll, he'll be with y'all. He'll be like, yo, million dollars worth y'all the yo, y'all, y'all, y'all the fucking best bro. Oh my. And then he'll go leave the door and be like, yo, these guys is a pieces of shit. Fuck this guy. You know what I'm saying? And he did it to me after his fight. I went into the MGM walked in, everybody jumping on me, his father there talking mad shit about me.


As soon as I pull up, I'm like, yo, what up? He's like, oh, this is this little champ right here, man. Oh my God, he's a good fighter man. And one of the brothers that knew me was like, yo, you was just talking mad shit about this dude. Yo, you a fake dude, bro. You know what I'm saying? But that's the type of people they are, you know? I mean, you don't look at it as though, as CANELO right now is the biggest fight for everybody. Of Course, Of course. And everybody, y'all all fighters. So I don't think nobody's scared to fight nobody. I think everybody's trying to get to the bag. This the bag sitting right here. It's the money right here. Everybody want the big money fight you happy as shit he picked you, you like, because win lose or draw, you know, you are changing your family's life.


Yeah, but it's different, bro. Like people think payday man, like the money's cool, you know what I'm saying? But for me, I'm big on legacy, man. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And my biggest fear is, is losing. That's the difference. You feel me? And that's why I get tight. I hear these people saying payday, I'm not a crab bro. I'm not a nigga that that chased money. You know what I'm saying? But This is what he in it for. He gave, he gave me an opportunity, you feel me? He gave me and I worked hard for this. Absolutely. And he gave me the opportunity. You know what I, but is it pay yet? Don't get me wrong, the money's there. The bag is there. September 14th, right? Like that's there already. You feel me? Now it's about stamping my name in boxing. This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by PFL Professional.


Fighters League. The PFL playoff continues on Friday, August the 16th with light heavyweight and lightweights headed to Hollywood, Florida. It's win or go home as fighters compete for a spot in the million dollar PFL World championship. Don't miss the action Friday, August 16th on ESPN and ESPN plus for those looking to attend in person. Tickets are available on Ticketmaster. So make sure if you're trying to be there, see it in person, it goes down at the PFL. As you've seen in the past, I've been to quite a few shows and they get busy.


Man. The best action in the game. PFL, if you looking to attend, make sure you get your tickets. They available right now on Ticketmaster Tune in on Friday August 16th for 9:00 PM Eastern Time on ESPN and ESPN Plus. And tickets once again are available at Ticketmaster. Make sure you get yours PFL. The Professional Fighters League the fastest growing MMA in the business. Right? Hey, what's going on there pal? We saw you at the hockey game market. Do I. know you guys. I'm Ryan Whitney. I got a drink named after me.


Not a big deal. Pink Whitney. That's what I thought. See you fellas. I invented the thing. You pigeoned Pink Whitney for legendary moments Because little, you know, whatever, you know, 10 You know what I feel me. But it is, it is more after that. You feel me? I'm trying to get to where he at. If the 50, a hundred Now CANELO, do you think boxing would be much better or different if two minute, if fighters had to fight people in order instead of picking who they wanted to fight, do you think it'd be better? Look, It's some point. All the fighters did. The La Laa, Floyd Mayweather, Julio Chavez, Mike Tyson, everybody did this.


When you in, it's their levels and they, they're stars and superstars. Okay. And, and they made the championship, not the championship made them. So it's way different. You know, like I, I come and I do my, my, my, my career and I fight with coro and, and with the Klaus and I fight with wear with the clouds. And I, and I fight with everybody to build my CANELO. I I am right now. I can do whatever I want. Right? And I don't wanna, and he is not gonna come one, one the, the IVA Hey, you need to fight with this because they, who's the school?


Right? Right. I never hear about him. Just when they say, Hey, this is your mandatory. Yeah. I never hear about him. Right. I don't wanna do whatever they want. Right. Because you worked hard enough to do what you want. I Do, I want Yes. In this position. I I can do whatever I want Because you put the time, you put the work. 'cause I I I, I I deserve it. Absolutely. Because all I did Absolutely. Like they say, Hey, you don't, you don't want fight a lockian. I fight a lot. Ka plant tro, Mayweather, ro Vivo Vivo, everything. I did everything. And now Langa And now him.


But I, like I say, I, I did everything. And now I, I cannot ask whatever I want. Absolutely. And I, I, I can do whatever I want.


The summer of Squirt has officially arrived thanks to canned roadies. Like canned without the canned roadies or pocket size liquid packets that allow you to mix and micro reduce your THC from anywhere. Just squirt them into some sparkling water or just down it straight up. You do you, it's the same award-winning flavors and uplifting buzz you can get with can. But you can shove these in your pocket and just rip them open whenever slurp it si it swig it, squirt it, splash it, squeeze it. The opportunities are endless. Head to drink can.com. That's drink CANN dot com and use the code game 20 for 20% off your order of can NA free roadie six K sampler. Once again, head over to drink can.com. Use code game 20 20% off your order of can and a free roadie six K sampler.


What are you doing? Can, that's the way to go. Just know what's going down. September 14th, the biggest fight in boxing. The legend CANELO. Hold On one more question. Can I fight you? I'm gonna thinking about it. Don't see it. I'm next. He getting out. I'm 2 million. Listen, I'm I'm gonna fight B First. I gotta me and B gonna fight. We gonna go back later on. I Mean, I dunno what he might do to me, but hopefully take it Easy on me 'cause I'm only from down the road. Don't, don't no body work, Please. T Hockey is on. And no matter the city, no matter the team, no matter the game, whether it's face off or penalty shots, regular season or playoffs, win or lose no matter what happens.


No matter where it happens. New, Amsterdam, Vodka is there. Number 14, team 14. The biggest fight in boxing. CANELO Alvarez versus anger Binga. I also wanna say my Philly guys are on there. Cool, Boy Steph. Danny Garcia Garcia. Tune in Amazon Prom September 14th. Caleb Plant is also on there. My guy Tune in September 14. Thank you legend. Thank you.


Summer is all about the freedom to have fun, but you don't need to blow your budget on a trip to make the most of it. Forget a vacation and take a tequila cation with new truly tequila soda. This refreshing blend of real fruit juice from concentrate sparkling water and premium Tequila blanco is the drink of the summer. Try all four refreshing flavors. Lime, pineapple, guava, grapefruit and watermelon. All with 5% A BV, and just 100 calories. Take a tequila location with new truly tequila soda today. Truly tequila soda. Keep it light hard. Seltzer beverage company, Boston Mass. Please drink responsible.