
Hey, Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right? You're now tuned into me, me, me, me. Million Dollaz Worth Game. Yes. Stories from the Cell man. I'm talking about, this is a different edition, man. Right. Got my brother Cas on here. How you been man? Hey man, you know me saying shit, D Man, I can't call it. I'm all right. I'm better than most. See, see, you know, he hit jail. You see he hit the jail joint. Shame shit. You know, when you in jail you got a different type of, every response is different. You know what I mean? I'd rather be a, you, I'd rather be a, I'd rather be a lion for a date and a sheep for a thousand Years.


Yeah. All that shit. Nigga ain't working Out. He ain't working out eating Jack Mack going crazy. That's a fact. Doing a hundred, a hundred burpees, straight popping joints out. You know what I'm saying? So there coming to him. So, so how's things been for, you know, nobody want to be in jail. How's the support, you know, how you feeling after, you know, you was out here doing your thing, you get locked up on, you know, nobody expecting to get pinched. You get pinched, you know, and it's, you know, you off, you know, off to the new bit. Know, I mean, getting put state, state, state is always a new bit. 'cause you never know where you gonna be at. So how, how, how has transition been for you? Ain ain't gonna lie. You know, nigga wanna come on here and pop his shit and say, you, you know, I'm doing great and, and, and, and all the shit that these niggas be lying about.


But man, listen, I'm stressed the fuck out, nigga. I wanna come home. I miss my family. I miss my kids. I miss, I miss, I miss just being able to do what I, I need to do. Man, I think this fat shit learned me, man. I wish I would've went to the fed from the beginning. I think I would've never touched jail again. Because it is like, the regular state jail is like high school. This is like college, you know what I'm saying? Like, algebra shit get tricky here. So basically I've been, like you said, state to state, state to state. When I up, you know, I get when up, you know, they get 30 days in the box.


You know what I'm saying? As you know, I've been, been through so much, man. And they learn me, man, you might not know, but I copped out the marijuana. Like I got 15 years, 188 months for marijuana. A lot was making billions of dollars while I'm in jail for marijuana. And, and it, it just, it alert me. You know? It me, man. So how Much marijuana did you have? 400 pounds. I didn't have nothing though. You know, I didn't have, I didn't get caught with no marijuana. At the end of the day, if you really wanna look at it, I just took a plea deal, like a a million others take plea plea deals because do you wanna, the trial, the feds, you know, do you really, because some of my police is definitely innocent and they went to trial and they lost and they got 40 years, 38 years, 35 years, you know what I'm saying?


So at the end of the day, they just don't cop out and do it time because they don't want to go play with these people that don't know nothing about the law and that your life is in their hands. I wanna make it hard to my kids, you know what I'm saying? And I'm happy I'm able to make it home to my kids. But again, it's, it is twice. It is, it's just harder federally because again, they ship you from state to state. I done been to like five states already, you know what I'm saying? And I, at the end of the day, I'm like, you know what? It is what it is. I'm gonna just fly wifey out when the kid's out. But then you fly them out and the jail shut down because they got stabbed or something. And now you don't see your family for seven months. So it's hard. It is hard mentally and physically because now you need more support than you ever had in your life because they get real and they'll make you disappear.


You know, some people looking for me here, you know, like, y'all looking for me, I'm in, I'm in Nevada, you know what I'm saying? Oh, where? Yeah, they'll talk you, they'll make you disappear. All that shit go out the window when you somewhere and you don't know what the fuck going on. You know what I'm saying? Different gang. You ain't never heard of tango this anda this and this. What the fuck is that? You know what I'm saying? So at the end of the day, when you ask me how I'm doing, I'm gonna tell you the truth. I'm stressed, you know what I'm saying? I'm stressed. I ain't gonna front, I ain't, yeah, I look good. You know what I'm saying? I'm still working out. But you know, getting extra charges, niggas having knife fights and all that.


I know you heard about it and they charging me for defending myself. This how I really get in effect stabbed me. I got back up and did my thing and they charged me. How about that? No self defense. If I was white, I'd have been a hero. Now I'm a convicted felon. Then you gonna get charged. You, you know how that feel going to court knowing you just, you fighting for your life. This shit is different, man. That's a different ballgame. These federal disappear you and learn you, man. And, and, and I learned man. And I'm, I'm happy I'm able to come back out there soon because at the end of the day, I don't have life. But it's just still, it is just still crazy. How you watch on the news is getting parting and all these is getting parting and that made the black market is parting and, and this, that, the third.


And I'm like, what did I do? Lemme see what, what did I cop out to at the end of the day? What did I do? What did I cop out to? I copped out to drugs. That was never even on me. Drugs that was never even found nowhere. I don't have no direct cell. Alright? A fan was recording me. I snatched her phone. I didn't do nothing. I gave her backup phone. I didn't touch her. Alright, that's a robbery. I look at it, I see Bad Bunny, I see Kanye West, I see all these guy people phones and throw them off, throw it at them all. Whatever the case to me. They get civil suits. I get a robbery.


All right, we talking about weed. All right. Alright, where's the weed? Where, where, because I was just promoting weed, you know what I'm saying? I got, I got paid to just promote a brand. That's it. I didn't sell no weed. The company I was, I was working with, they ain't selling me no weed. So what are you talking about? But you know what, I'm black and I'm a, I'm a three time friend. I'm a career. So take So before they gave 67 years, because that's what they could have gave me. You know what I'm saying? Hold, hold, hold on. You just said I, I gotta get this right.


This episode of me Hours mworthofgame is brought to you by a Planet Fitness Start the year off. Planet Fitness offers high value members that support any fitness journey. A judge-free environment where you're free to get strong your way on your time. Feel the strongest, best self with best in class equipment for a full workout. From strength training to cardio, to stretching brand new plate loaded machines with high squat and INE benches. Planet Fitness has the same High Planet Fitness has the same high quality best in class equipment as other more expensive gyms. Their class membership is just $15 a month. So, you know, anytime you want to go to get some good work, judge free environment, very affordable, why would you go anywhere else? But Planet Fitness, huh? I mean the hours, the amenity offers various hours, amenity and offers vary by club. Check out Planet Fitness dot com. Stop by your local club For more information. Must be 18 to enroll or 13 to 17 with Parent or Guardian Planet Fitness. Get strong, get in shape, get healthy. Make your body look right. Planet Fitness, right?


This episode of me and I Mworthofgame is brought to you by New Amsterdam Vodka. Now life ain't going your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your woman cheating today. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming and it didn't come your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka that's distilled five times. It's filtered three times for a clean crush finish. You could drink it straight up on the rocks, juice soda. Or you could just make a new Amsterdam mule. The classic put, it's up to you. But just know when you out and about at your local liquor store. Her ba, New Amsterdam Vodka. Get you some, you hear me? Shout out to the new Amsterdam queen. My wife be at the crib, cocktailing it up with her girlfriends. You know what I mean? Doing it big off that New Amsterdam Vodka. The official vodka of bars through sports. As you can see, we've been drinking this, Right?


You telling me they pinch you for promoting weed? Like saying, saying listen, you get this high low boom bang. Yes, yes. That's what they did to me. I don't have no sale. I don't have no sale. I don't have no direct sell. I don't have no sell or what sell do I want. They got me for doing the same thing every rapper is doing because I'm in the gang. You know what I'm saying? What I'm saying? So at the end of the day, who knows, right? See, we ain't learn from the mafia. The mafia say, yeah, you, you are part of the mob. The mafia say Uhuh, I don't know no ma pinky ring and all that. Nope, I'm not a part of no ma, There's no such thing.


That's Why they, that's why they made the Rico to get, that's saying they not a part of something, but they know they're a part of it. You know Rico? Yeah. Nigga was popping Big eight, big homie, what's up? Oh yeah, he's a big homie. Big eight. We gonna charge him with this and we gonna get them four. Four more, four more points for being the leader. Right? That four more points gave me 15 and some some years just because, but again, I'm in court and I'm saying this Judge, I'm cool. I'm done with this Uhuh, you ain't done, you can't be done. You know why you ain't done. 'cause when you go to the feds, you ain't in a gang regardless.


You go in the feds, you move it's a is a is a is a black car, which is a gang. The Muslim car, it's a gang. The black car is a gang. The CRI car is a gang nigga. It's no such thing as being in the car. At the end of the day when I was in jail, I was walking. I ain't get in no car. Yeah, but you was in the county. You wast in the No, no. I was in the state. I was in the state. I, yeah, I just said I was gonna walk when everybody was driving the cars. But this, this what I'm trying to say, you in the state. That's why I told you it's a different type of ball game. So in the state you could just, you could just do what you want. You could freelance. When you get to these states, tell you, you pick a side, nigga, you pick side because it'll go up.


If a nigga touch wall and then one of these jail, the whole city going up the whole East Coast Guard, it's no such thing as being by yourself. Yeah, because you touch a black, you leaving. If you touch a, you leaving. If you touch a white here, you're leaving. So you a part of a gang anyway. There's days that sometime I go and I think about it like, Damn, I might not come home. I not come home. How about that? I might not come home. The is behind me right now. Behind me. Right here. They shout out Duck nigga right here, tg.


Now check this out. Right Walked man from this, I'm from this block. Hey man, we gotta get it. I get here a week. I get on, everybody gets situated. The whole tables get up. What's going on? What we doing? Ain't no, ain't going. No. What's going on? I'm hungry. I'm here. What's going on? What's we gonna blow the spot? Say you know what, that dude out pocket, they say, yo, he out pocket he gotta go. And the whole house just walking into the door.


I said to say this, at the end of the day, you don't know when you leave. I do good matter your whole sentence up. You know what I'm saying? And you can't get no good time back from, from this. At the end of the day, I looked at it like they put me here 'cause of marijuana and I was doing good. I was telling the kids don't come here. You know what I'm saying? I was telling gang life aint good. You know what I'm saying? You know what the judge told me? Yeah. Was the senior. Yeah, you did a lot of good. But we're not here for the good. We're here for the bad. And all that made me realize is no matter how much you do, if you do something bad, think you something bad.


You don't have nobody fighting for us. Niggas ain't fighting for me. You know what I'm saying? I'll hit y'all right back.


This episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by Body Armor Flash iv. It's time to reach for real hydration with Body Armor. Flash IV packed with electrolytes, zinc for added immune boost and no artificial sweeteners, flavors, or dyes. Flash IV provides the hydration your body needs. Whether you're feeling under the weather, just had an intense workout or recovering from a long weekend. Potty armor Flash IV helps bring you back. Oh man. So you know, I just had a party, a post parade party, Eagles party, and I was a little down, a little under the weather flash. IV boop got me right back the way I needed to be. You feel me? Get yours today at Walmart or local grocery stores near you. Get your Body Armor Flash IV today at Walmart or local grocery stores near you. Body Armor Flash iv. The best way to bounce back, get yours asap. Body Armor right.


This episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by DraftKings, who's scoring big in the NBA this season You are. With all, all the new ways to get to the action at DraftKings Sports book, the official sports book betting partner of the NBA Draftking is the home of NBA player Props. So you could get behind your favorite player any which way from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass is super easy. For first time to get started, try betting on something simple as A NBA player prop. Here's something special for first time new drafting customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. So you going to draftings, do, do, do, do, do you deposit your $5, you put my promo code in Gilly with it. They sock it right to your pocket. $150 instantly. So now you got $155 Toti bet to put that parlay in to put that whatever you want to do to try to get you some chicken, some paper, some cash. Take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the draft King Sportsbook at use code Gilly. That's code Gilly. New customers get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. Remember, the crown is yours. Put it on and wear it Right. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas, 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio


when It came to New York and it came to this hip hop everybody with with KS. I'm talking about hard people with you like that. So like, since you've been to jail, like ha has it been the same? I say this, right, for the most part, I have to run down names, man. Been doing job for me. I I'm blessed and highly favored. Like I'm, I'm, I'm definitely love, love I deserve Because they, they deserve to get the love. Like who We gonna, we gonna go from? I'm gonna go from, 'cause I don't wanna forget nobody.


So let's see. I'm gonna go from Chris Brown. I'm gonna go to Tory Lanes, I'm gonna go to Cord. I'm gonna go to, I'm gonna go to True Life. I'm go to Bobby Murder. I'm go tody re I'm gonna Gore songs. I'm go to French Montana. I'm go to Fat Joe, I'm gonna go to Hank Davis, I'm gonna go to fao. I'm gonna go to, I'm gonna go down the line. It's just like I've been getting lost. I ain't gonna front and, and I needed Dave. You know, like everybody fabulous. Like everybody been tapping in.


And it is good because this four and a half years I was in no platinum selling all this. Let these front all you want. I was outside. They talking about don't shoot no videos. I'm like, I got, I got to get paid. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And the the, the good part about it is yeah, the money, you know, the money's cool, right? But the conversations I be having keep me alive like Tory man, like, especially him being locked up, the conversations I have with that man be sitting chills for my body like that nigga be like, don't worry about your age.


Catch you coming home. I'm telling you, coming home and that gimme motivation, money. You sometimes you need that. Like your shit be like, it be like at 90% of like the fuck that. I don't even give a fuck out when I come out this selling. Don't put a knife in it. And then you get a mail, you get, I get, I wake up and check my messages and I see Tori like, don't, don't slack, don't slack. You pray today. You all right And that shit bring me down to 70. Then I go get a visit from baby girl. Boom, boom, boom, boom. Then that shit bring me down to 50. You know what I'm saying? Then, then I hit my assistant like, yo t what we doing? She like, yo, what you call just sent you money, Gil just hit you. He say, yo, doing the i it feel good.


That shit feel good and it make you work extra hard to get home because sometimes you forget. You forget. It's easy to forget what you gotta go home to. You know what I'm saying? But the love definitely makes it feel like now I'm staying out the way. And I just told him, nigga yesterday, I pulled up on all the clips and I'm like, yo, I appreciate y'all because it could have went left. You know what I'm saying? It wouldn't have never been no, because it's like 15 of them and it's like 15 us. It would've been all over the place. But I say that to say this a different game. This ain't going, oh, now I'm gonna just keep my nose clean.


I'm gonna stay outta the way. Nah, if you don't leave on that first bus the west coast, I ain. Yeah. Niggas pushing a hard line. You know what I'm saying? There's more militancy than jokey jokey state that we was on. I'm in state, my backyard, I'm, I know from high school, from junior high school. Now I'm in the West coast right now in my life with different type of gang banging rules. Fuck that. With different type of politics. You know what I'm saying? So this is just a, a extra, a extra lesson for me to understand that I can't play with these people man.


It is not state versus Caswell. S it is the United States of America swell senior. So you look at it, right? Yeah. I'm wanted to take the to trial. You know why? Because I'm 19, I got 19 cod nigga, I ain I bust my gun by myself. I by myself. I ain I, but you know what I said, I you see the country in the world come back to that. Like I ain't even, I ain even I ain't even have a gun.


They charged me with a gun. They gave me two life sentence. Hold on, hold on. What they gave you for what? A gun all let take mine and lemme take, lemme get hold of my, Lemme ask you this. You know when a lot of artists, when they out here, they moving and grooving. They don't, they don't wake up until they hit the cell. And, and we gonna say this cash, you wasn't, you was, you was doing you out here. You see what I'm saying? Now you know, what message do you got to tell these cats? Because when you out here, sometimes you got to you, you getting, you getting back ends, you're getting money, you're busting moves, you're doing this. You got your jury, you got the hoes. Yeah. Sometimes you can't tell 'em all nothing. They just want to be the realest in the world.


So what advice would you give the dudes? You know, that that that they ain't got no problem disrespecting they blessings out here like dog, y'all make it and they getting the bag out here, but you got some that are still, they're easily finessed out of position by some dudes down the way that ain't getting no money and they still wanna keep it. Gang gang, what, what advice can you give them? It ain't worth for man. It ain't worth it. It ain't worth it man. And I saw some, you told Jim Jones and Cameron and I appreciate y'all for that. I see y'all intervene, you and Gil. But I always intervene in like friendship beefs man. And that's how I've been feeling. And with the Drakes and the Kendricks, the Drakes and the Asaps, the Drakes and the Rick Ross, the Drakes and the whoever are the Jack boys and the Kodaks and, and Bobby Sch murder and and Rowdy Re all these people that started together that are are, that are beefing or whatever the case all do it.


It ain't worth it don't, ain't worth. So show you how, let's say I'm beefing with y'all, y'all of y'all people shoot my people right? Just started some, you see my outside it go. They come in for a Gary and Wallo and saying, y'all hired, y'all hired the hit man that hit me.


Period. You didn't do it. Say that to you. Take this time or not. The smartest person just gonna say, you know what, lemme just take my time. They offering me more than 120 months football number. The same number you got on your jersey. Yep. This is what they offering you if you don't take it. Ronaldo, you gonna be fighting your case for 20 years before you get some type of remedy. And then when they do tell you you innocent, you know what's gonna happen. You're not gonna get nothing. So this is what doing and I, I, I feel sorry for that's beefing.


You know what I'm saying? Because they using us even I I I'm not talking about my label, but I'm talking about other people's labels are using them for the views. And then when something happens that Rico in that conspiracy get real, they ain't going be there because they don't want no parts of that. Niggas want you to be artistes but they don't want you in the picture. You know what I'm saying? Just like n here. Look what these going through all these rappers, they, they they the sacrificial lambs.


This episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by Experian Madness in March is good madness and credit is bad. Take control of your credit and finances. Make sure you pick the Experian app. Experian could be your financial Cinderella with tons of free tools at your fingertips to help you take control of financial life. The amount of free tools you get with experience could fill your bracket with things like your free FICO score. You could boost your FICO score instantly free with Experian. Boost free credit monitoring with alerts to keep you in the note on changes to your profile. Free access to marketplace of credit cards, loans and auto insurance options all matched to you. Freeze your credit file for free, helping protect you against identity theft. Make sure you are ready for one shining moment with experience. Go to the app store and download for free the Experian app. Now you hear me? Go to the app store right now and download the Experian app right now and get the experience of Experian, Right, because you know what, some people not putting in the work they self and man to do it, that's what they standing on.


But they gonna get charged for it no matter what. So the coming you blank period. And I like, like you said, count your blessing man. Like if I could have changed anything, I just, I just spend some time with my daughter. I feel like, like my son is autistic, I can't even talk to him. You know how that feel like I can't even talk. I ain my son in like four and a half years. Why it get, because you know I got a different baby mother and he autistic so it's hard to, to to to get the job done, you know what I'm saying?


So it is real. It get real like that. And when I look back at it, I try to be the best thought I could be. And it's hard now it's too late for that because I was ripping running like you said, I Mr. Outside, you know what I'm saying? I'm running, I'm chasing a bag, big house, seven bedrooms, three garage, three wagons, five 50, Bulletproof. I ain I ain't a rapper but I'm keeping up, you know what I'm saying? And I sacrifice that instead of catching my daughter homework, making sure she good.


Telling her about boys putting her on. Now she's telling 17. And I'm like, you know what I'm saying? When it gets spooky, it get real because now I'm like, yo, I'm talking about my, my baby mom. I'm talking my wife and I'm like, yo, listen, tell her about boys man. Tell her like tell her make sure she, she knew what's going on. I'm like, and it's like you wasn't telling me about mama home, like what, what you want? Like, it, it gets spooky. But I know she really wanna say that. But she's very respectable. But I just, I feel it, I feel it. Like I stuck with being a father and it's harder being a father because just like the interview, I said, yo, let's let's knock this out today because tomorrow I might be in more fucking hallelu somewhere on for another two, three weeks.


And again, when you come to jail, the feds ain't no separation. They putting you right in, in where you need to be. You gonna be amongst a million people that's caught chasing also. So either you gonna roll with the rush or get rolled on. So you and I'm on shit. So you and NBA on the same y'all on the same? Yeah, he next door. He next door. He right next door. Yeah. Yeah, he next door and, and you know, I know he, IIII sent word on him and told him like, you know, hopefully you get it right, right this time, you know he got a little time but get it right.


He got 27 months. Yeah, 27 months. So, you know, hopefully you get it right man. And I'm all for reform man. I've been telling these kids like my nigga like this shit. But now I think I, I gotta step on it a little harder when I get home because we don't know. We don't, you know how much times I walked up on my homie like gun check, gun check. What's up? Gun check. Cool. Right? Just, just to see a firearm that's the informant is between anybody that's, that's seven years possession.


Inform construction, possession of a firearm, nigga fuck that. Fourth of we all did it in the air. You got a new, you busting at new. That's 10 years. If one of them with you decides to cooperate. Yep. He bust a gun on New Year's. Yep. I remember I was right there. I saw he got a wire on or his glasses got some type of video and 10 years shoot. Nobody but you, you, you let that firearm or federal playing with. But we don't know this. I ain't know this gun Protecting drugs is another charge.


If you got the guns by itself, it's cool. If you got the drugs by itself, it's cool. Then when you put the gun, I don't, it's an ounce of weed and a gun. They giving you eight, nine years. It's different. I'm gonna talk back.


Alright. This episode, a million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by JackPocket. Order the lottery tickets right from your phone with Jackpocket America's number one lottery app. JackPocket, there's so many lottery games to choose from. I mean they have Powerball, Mega Millions and other official state lottery games. Best of all new customers get your first lottery ticket for free using Code Gilly. That's G-I-L-L-I-E. Just in case you didn't know how to spell it at the checkout. Download JackPocket now. Don't forget to use Code Gilly. Tag Pockets America's number one lottery app and official partner of Barstool Sports. So just whip your phone out right now. Download JACKPOCKET app Punch and Code Gilly. Get a free Mega Millions Powerball ticket. If you hit you could throw me a couple dollars back. I wouldn't be mad at you. I mean you did win 'cause of my ticket. But make sure you if you doing anything that's with the lottery JackPocket number one lottery app in America. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 18 or older 19 or older in Nebraska 21 or older in Arizona. Jackpocket is not affiliated with any State Lottery void. Were prohibited. One per new customer and promo code at checkout for $2 non withdrawable credit. See terms at jackpocket dot com slash tos slash free slash ticket slash promo Sponsored by Jackpocket Based on 2024 iOS download data collected by Sensor Tower.


Last time, the last time I talked to you, it was you, it was you with Tax Man. Y'all was in good spirits too. Y'all was tripping. You were text. Yeah. Hey yo, shout out to fucking tax man. I wouldn't be here and I'm not talking about in jail. I just wouldn't be a rap if it wasn't for Tax. Man. Every time me and up in we getting drunk, we twisted. Man. That's my heart man. And I love his soul, man. We fighting, we fighting in the cell. He talk me shit and yeah, taxes is nuts, man. Taxes actually he's nuts, man.


I remember he used to force me to rap. I used to be like, I'm nigga. Yeah. Traps nigga. And then I used to come back like, so we'll beat you talking beat you. I'm saying but Tax man, tax man. We had our moments man. We had our moments and I didn't know I had a cell phone and he got a cell phone and we like two cells down from each other, man. And I just said, I said, sorry man. And he said, K, shut up man.


Just shut up. Shut up text. And I'm just like, yo man. I said, I'm sorry man. You know, we were drunk. And I'm just like, he might not know it. He, he might have not knew it, but I, I I just, man, I'm dropping tears and, and he like, man, and I just, I just, I I had one of those, those those moments and I'm just like,


Welcome to another episode of Business Spotlight Million dollars Mworthofgame, where we highlight all the information in the news you could use. Yes. Because a lot of y'all are sitting on your couch and the alley, y'all trying to figure it out. A lot of y'all saying to yourself, Hold up, I know there's more that I could be doing. I need something extra to bring some extra cash in. I need to make moves. So today we got Kim from Easy peasy party planning. One thing about her, she makes it easy, is easy peasy to, you know, mm to to get the party together. Hello to get the party started. But we're not just talking about dancing at a party, we talking about you coming there being the event planner to take the party to the next level. I'm talking about to create a world that people want. You know, you go there. People just like, I want my party to be my 40th party or my, my, I need, I need my my bridal shower or the baby shower or this shower, I don't know the graduation to be this, that and the third. And she's a person that you could talk to and she bring it to life. She, you know, she know how to, she's a visionary. She know how to visualize your thoughts and everything you bring to her. So that's what the she here today, she going to give you game. But before we even start, what I need you to do, so you get this free class. 'cause in this free class she gonna teach you out there how to be a event planner on the next level. I'm not talking about just the stuff here. I'm talking about from corporate events. I'm talking about from baby showers. I'm talking about from bridal showers. I'm talking about from anniversaries, marriages. I'm talking about something. No matter what you doing, she's gonna give you the game. But what you need to do, you need to text party P-A-R-T-Y to 6 7 8 4 0 360 4 0 8 6 7 8 4 0 360 4 0 8. And also go to grad GRAD party. P-A-R-T-Y master class.com. Go there. Listen, she's gonna give you a free class. I'm telling you if the class is so much information in it that you're not even going to need it. But if you wanna go to the next level and get access to a new world where you can take your business to another level, that's what you going to do. But right here, this free class she's giving out, she's gonna give you the game And lemme say you this in this party planning stuff is huge. It's huge because just think about this. Just for my party alone to my dress up party where we had to, oh yeah, that was Shit lot of money. I was suited and booted. You had, you Had to, I spent $120,000 and you had the Women, they was dancing in the sky and shit, right? Yeah. Right. So I was sitting under one of them. So this a game you could get in, you could learn, you could just for wallow party. You spent the bag. I spent the bag. I spent $30,000 just on party playing. So no, That was the second one. The first one You spent 50 when you rented Ocean Promise. Absolutely. Yeah. So, so you gotta understand it is money in this shit. And there's a lot of y'all sitting at home that could say, you know what, let me tap in the easy peasy. Let me just see what she talking about. Damn is this easy to do this shit? A lot of times shit be easy. All you gotta do is have a wanting to get up to go do it. Yes. And you can make it happen too. And you fuck around be bigger than her. 'cause that's how some shit sometimes work. You might be in a different market that worked for you. You took some game that she gave you. Now you bigger than her now y'all calling, y'all bouncing ideas off each other. So I'm just, I just wanted to put that out there. I'm gonna say you this Kim, I need to know how did you get in the game? How did you start? How much money you had? How was the first event? My first event. So I literally started with two bounce houses. I used to be a teacher and I was like, man, bounce houses, okay, this is not working out for me. I need to do something else. And I googled what can I invest in? And inflatable bounce houses popped up. I started going to parties realizing they need so much more than just bounce houses. So I started doing, started doing everything. How much much was the bounce Houses? Like two grand, grand. It was a lot. Two grand. 2K, 2000 lot for two for a piece or for one For two Of 'em. Oh Damn. Two grand. That's it. I started With one bounce house and one water slide. Mm mm Yep. And so you, you paid two grand. Got them. How much would you rent them out for? Like, Like 1 50, 1 75 at that time. A hour per day. Per day. This was 15 years ago? Yep. Damn. Yeah. That was back in the day. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then I started realizing like, man they need balloons, they need backdrops, floor wraps, they need all of this stuff. And I was like, if I can be the person to do that, then I'm gonna make more money. So then I started building a team. I hired my first balloon artist from Facebook marketplace. Right, So you just went on Facebook and found somebody? Yeah, Just that easy. And how did it go? Amazing. It made my party shine. 'cause at first I was trying to do everything on my own, but it made my party shine. So when I'm working with a professional balloon artist, she gonna bring in all kind of stuff that I never even thought of bringing in. Right. I'm working with a treat maker. She got all kind of stuff hanging off the candy, apples and treats. So it makes me shine and it makes her shine. So, and it just took off. I started building, building more and more and more. Hired my floris, hired my professional photographer. And before you knew it, I had a solid business. And, and so, so so you, you go in there and you just bringing the pe you just put all, all it is is you teaching people how to put a team together on this free class? Yeah. Oh yeah. In the class. Definitely. So, so, so, and they get you, they get you live for a hour live. All they gotta do is text party P-A-R-T-Y, the 6 7 8 4 360 4 0 8. I'll go to Grant G eight GRAD party. You'll see it on the screen masterclass.com. Right now, this is what I need to know. 'cause this shit, I'm not, I'm not gonna find this seem real easy. I'm, I'm like, I'm putting, I'm writing it. That's why I'm taking my notes. So you went the bounce houses, that's for like, and the bounce houses and the water slides. That's like for the summertime. The birthdays the outside. So back in the day you was one 50 a day. How much do they cost an hour now in the rent? A hour now? I would say around $300 an an hour. Damn. Now Yeah. So, so if, if I go and get two bounce houses for two KS, they still at point around that point? No, they ain't little more Now man. They're, they're not. But, so I teach this in the class 'cause you can find vendors that you may have to wait a little longer, but you can honestly, you can get 'em from for around that price. You may have to wait a little longer, but you can Oh, so you get 'em from overseas or whatever? I do. Yep. So, so, so, alright. So just say if I pay 2K, right, I get two, I get a bounce house and a water slide and I'm, and I'm rent it for 300 an hour. Right? Just say 300 an hour and I'm doing a minimum of three hours. So that's $900. Right? So that's $900 for one event, right? Is that, is that 300 per per bounce house? I mean per the balance house in the water slide a piece Per each unit. Per unit. So That's $1,800 for three hours. So I done made my money back off of one one event. Off one event. Yes. Wao, I ain't even told you about digital products. Okay. How they can just literally use a software to create digital products, backdrops, floor wraps and sell that as a digital product. So you are making passive income easy money. So you just creating you just a party promoter or a party plan. I'm meant that's creating a whole, like you're designing the whole birthday party from from I think I know what you're talking about. So, so say if I wanted some, say if I wanted some chips with, with with, with my, with with, with my kids' logo or, or my kids' picture on them. You could do that Absolutely. Using a, designing a free editing software. So even if we wanna do a princess party for your daughter Yeah. We can make the custom backdrop, custom floor wrap, custom chips, custom water bottles, custom her favorite candies. And we can sell that to you as a digital product. If you like Kim, my wife, she, you know, she's into this, she wanna do it herself. I can sell it to you as a digital product. She can print it out and all of that. Or I can come out and execute for you. Mm. So I teach creatives how to make money on your feet and in your sleep. Mm. Easy way. Easy and peasy party plan. So, so you mean to tell me this floor wrap, let you keep saying floor wrap. What is the floor wrap? Like? So a floor wrap is just literally a piece of vinyl that you put on the floor. It can have, you know, like princess, your logo picture. You can customize it. Yeah. It matches the back, the backdrop to make it, you know, beautiful. Yeah. If you want, if you gonna do this, like you might as well Do it. You're gonna feel special, Right? Yeah, you might As well. So, so in this free class, you basically giving people the game, the all the stuff they need and all the stuff they need to connect with. So say if I'm, I'm Mike and I live in El Paso, Texas or whatever the game that you gonna give me, I'm gonna be able to go in my town and find all the different resources that I need. Listen or go online and find everybody. I need to be able to, you know, party plan for people. Mike from El Paso is going to lead with a strategy. He's gonna lead with knowing how to build his team. And just because we owe a million dollars mworthofgame talk Heavy talk fucking heavy, I'm go ahead and give them their first digital product for free. Go to grad party masterclass.com. Grad party masterclass.com. Text me the word party party 6 7 8 4 0 360 6 4 0 8. Yes. Just because they a Million and she gonna give, they gonna give it to you for free. She gonna give you a digital product. She gonna teach you the game. Yeah, I'm just saying thank us leader nigga. But my whole thing is, let me ask you a question. How much do I do a person need to start up? So listen, so the digital game I just told you it's a free editing software. Mm. So if I wanted to create your door to a backdrop, listen, it costs like $98 from one of the vendors that I'm gonna teach you about, right? You can sell that for $200. Mm. And, and, and, and that vendor will ship it to, to the, the client's front door. So I made that money and I never had to see the product. I never had to touch it. I created it, I edited it and it's gone to my client. So, so you mean to tell me do, do you have to have skills to be able to create it like It's wallo? That's what I'm teaching in the class. It's so easy. People are like, I was overthinking the whole process. And it's even easier now with ai, right? Wallo. So, so listen, listen. So you saying I could do this? Yeah. Don't worry about it. So what you're saying this, say if I wanted call that ass, say if I wanted a floor wrap, right? I wanted to put a floor wrap, right? Well I wanted to have Gilly face and a donkey ass like right next to it. Right, right, right. So it's like one thing and I just wanna walk around it in my, in my bathroom on a mat. Could you do that for me? Literally he can text me the photo, I can upload it in the editing software, put 'em together, send it to my vendor and we can ship it to your house. But We could do rugs and all of That. Not no, no rugs. But we can do, we could do floor wraps. Vinyl, we could do vinyl. Yeah. Wrap like vinyl backdrops. Anything you need for a party. I'm talking about custom chip bags. Like so what if I wanted Favorite candies thing with the darts on it, that board and just, You can, yeah, you can customize that face. Like I see people customizing with using the same strategy like customizing basketball goal. Like it gets crazy. Damn. So with this vendor you could do anything, listen Anything. So if a kid went to a basketball party, we could had a little back with the hoops and all That. I'm, I'm Crazy, crazy. The basketballs and they picture you on a, on a listen, We can even make tables out of basketballs with the phone. They, that's why they gotta get into class. Like damn the phone. We teaching you how to, you know, create experiences, right? How to curate parties that are gonna make people stop scrolling. You don't want basic, you don't want boring, you wanna do it And then you gotta understand right? You come in here, right And the farther your imagination go, that's the FARs your bank account go. Because people always want some shit that nobody ever did before. That's especially motherfuckers with money. Yeah. Oh we could have, oh we could have, so in the middle of the party somebody, a plane could fly by, a motherfucker could jump out the plane and then say happy birthday on the way down to my daughter and then land on the, to her backdrop her floor. And it is always some crazy shit. You see what's going on out here. So the better you can make the party, the better your business could go. You know how she's saying it ain't no limit to this shit. You can basically come up with any idea and make it happen. Now I don't know about motherfucking face next to a donkey ass and all that that he's talking about. Well look, we like that kind coming outta helicopters and stuff. We have over, I have over 60,000 students. Some of them have even made six figures doing this. Damn. That's crazy. Yes, Yes, yes. So man what's the number again? Hold up, Hold up. I'm, I'm 6 7 8 4 3 6 4 0 8 text party Yo. And since it's graduation season, right? Right. Because you wanna be doing what's in demand. You wanna sell what's in demand. So that's why we are focusing on graduation parties right now. Right? Holy, holy shit. You can use this strategy to plan any type of event, right? But right now you wanna do what's in demand, right? Holy shit. Read this guys. Look at that from right there, The party and event planning industry in the United States has experienced notable growth over recent years. Here's an overview of the market size. 4.8 billion. Oh fuck that. I'm going to grass. There's Room for you. No, no, no, no, no. Hold, Hold up 'cause I ain know for listen, the market size 2021, 4.8 billion. Right? 2022. 5.6 billion 2024, 6.99 billion. This Is so this shit growing. God Damn. So guess what? It should be some motherfuckers at home. Like some of that 6.9 is supposed to be coming this way. It's room for you. All you gotta do is get up work and make it happen. But we wanna shout out to Kim. We wanna shout out easy peasy Party planning Coming on me in i's Mworthofgame. Make sure y'all tune in, make sure y'all hit the number. Y'all see it on the screen. Text party if you don't know how to spell Party. Now if you listen to this, 'cause you might tell, you might be listening to the audio version of this, you know, text party P-A-R-T-Y and text it to 6 7 8 4 360 4 0 8 and then go to grad party masterclass.com. If you listening to this and you don't see the screen, do that right now. So you get the free class. Kim is gonna be on there live for an hour, giving you a million dollars mworthofgame about this event party playing in industry. Yeah. Which is a multi, I'm talking a multi-billion dollar industry yearly. You better go get you some of that money. Kim, we thank you for coming through. Shout out to easy peasy party planning and listen, this was another episode, a million dollars Mworthofgame. Yep. Business spotlight. Yep. We gave you the news you could use. Go use it. And it's just like That,


Right? I said I wish we never went to the concert that day, man. Yeah. And shut the fuck up. K Just shut up man. Shut up. So I come over there and fuck you up man. I'm like nah, for real man. For real man. When, when you, when you, when you, when you, when you really look at this, most of we go through it's for nothing man. And they didn't only me trick me, they tricked a lot of man. You know the internet allows people to speak on you that don't know you, that could never walk in your shoes, that can never sit in the same room as you.


That can never start with you, that can never shoot it out with you. That could never even say your name in a room full of vs. And we get tricked. We get tricked. We think we gotta be, we gotta stand on something where it is nothing, nothing to stand on, right? There's really nothing to stand on. I don't have to do something to, because he talked about me on a podcast or he talked about me on the internet. You know, academic made me a believer of that, you know, shit, I had a charge with academic too. We surrounded him. I had dick poll on me in the car. Look, lemme talk to you for a second, lemme talk to you for a second.


He's like, Uhuh, you ain't talking to me. I said, lemme talk to you over here for, and you know my man head and all he like, and I'm like, nah, chill. I said, ally, why did you keep talking me on the man? What up with you man? We got a problem. And said I'm, you know that right? I get paid to block, like take that up with the gangsters. I'm I'm just a blogger. And he hit me right there. He's right, he's right at the end of the day. How can I get mad at just blogging even if it's true or not. He just chasing a bag.


Whether he could come outside and live or not. It is not my problem. He doing what he's doing, feeding his family. He found his way. You understand? And from then on I learned not to beef with people over the internet because it is not real. It's real. You come in, get your bag and go back. Being real is taking care of your family. Go. That's why I never understood why certain rappers never felt with other rappers just stay in they lane. So just perform. And you never see these not even trying to be fake.


So I be sitting down in my head and I be thinking about all my felony favors, felony favors. So, so I'm get on that you bringing all type of and and, and, and extra and all this of making sure he comfortable. That's felony favors. That's what felony favors get you 20 years federal because you get caught with that gun and that drugs that's three years federal.


At the end of the day, you make sure it's worth it. Make sure them same rappers is going to take care of you because you know who taking care of me that love me. You know what I'm saying? It's, it's certain niggas that take care of me that I ain't even bust a bullet for. You know what I'm saying? And that I would've died for that ain't even checking for me, it's spooky, right? And then it's that you really put work in for that. Don't really check for you. You know what I'm saying? That's happy you locked up. So it's, it's, it's spooky with me, but I learn no more me favor you come to my town, I'm bulletproofing you up, I'm giving you dracos or giving you this all that, you know what I'm saying?


Because nobody ain't really walking this down with you except for the, that's really a family that really love you because it gets spooky, man. And this is where you understand who's battle tested or not. And I'm, I'm 38 years old, I ain't got time to see if you battle tested wallo. I ain't got time. Bottom line is one of my favorite sayings, man, only that's with you is the, that's with you. That's it. That's it. I, I'm saying, and, and, and I'm learning and I think I needed to learn this because you know, I was getting so much money, but I was a rob guy one time.


So just always sticking, trying to get 'em, friends, family, everybody. So I'm running around pole, you know, just cop Richie. So I'm, I'm like, yeah. And it's crazy because the police was following me. The feds was following me in Atlanta when I just got to Richie, I had hired a security with me. So he had a big AR 15 on the little C and then I recorded it and I'm like, yeah, try to book me for my watch. Yeah, all cool, right? But they was following me the whole time. So my thing is, God forbid they would've tried to pull me over and I would've to line me up, you know, how much time lights, I'd be like, nah, this try to get on me.


And they would have plain clothes on. It would've been crazy for me. You know, at the end of the day, I'm blessed man because I'm blessed because I still got a date, don't got a date. Worst case scenario, I got four or five more years. But you know, hopefully Trump legalized marijuana, put some taxes on marijuana and I'm home. I got career because of charges from 2006. Can you believe that? 20 years ago. Damn near Erase like that. Don't get me erased is real.


M I know so much. I know so much. I was trying do good but niggas don't wanna help like me because you feel like me. It kind of makes your hand better. You wanna keep your hand clean. And I understand it because it's business. When you, when you really get on this type of time, you understand niggas business. It's a brand. So even if, if, if, if, if you got somebody that's a part of a Million Dollaz Worth Game and they, and they that package up, you can't even go save them no more because as soon as you get in that water, they gonna talk about your 20 something years you did too.


You might have been a part of that. Then you gonna have somebody chasing the whole Million Dollaz Worth Game check. They gonna say on these, these these top grade rappers, everybody can say something about you now with no penalty up. Anybody can sue you now with no penalty. You understand what I'm saying? They should fucking make a law. If you su somebody and you are not correct, you get, you get su, you know what I'm saying? Or you getting jail because they send them to jail for things they ain't do federally.


Man the feds are up man you got in here that sold a crack and got five years. I think I thought I was gonna come here be playing poker with millions of dollar fucked up. You got the workers in jail, you know what I'm saying? They got the lookouts in jail. They ain't playing. And especially if you gang bang, they making a whole gang disappear. You see what? Trump, Trump between gangs like terrors. Oh man I'm outta here. I'm good gang. What? Like 50 said listen 50. We got some smoke. Put me on song and then say I am not gang.


I not gang. Right. I never knew talking about, that's why they said that he didn't knew Mother Rico was coming. That nigga got the word that knew man. And and and it's good that you announced that because the only way not to be in a conspiracy all Rico, it's to publicly announce yourself. Y'all hear that publicly say I am not in a gang. G unit is not gonna be considered a gang. Anything, anybody around him, he's not gonna be a part of it. We don't know that. But the law says in order to not be a part of something, you have to publicly announce that you're not a part of it.


We don't know that. You know what I'm saying? So it just matter. I learned man, I'm dealing with now and shout out to the last prisoner project too. They a nonprofit organization that helps convicts that deal that's incarcerated for marijuana. They send me $300 every, every four months, three months man. And it's appreciated. You know you don't need a lot in jail. And I really rock with them because they got like 19 people out jail that got pardoning I think through Trump all by them. But they helping and I'm just waiting on my moment man. And I appreciate y'all for tapping in man because that's what counts when you calling in for favors, you know what I'm saying?


Yes. And lie tapping with my boss. You know what I'm saying? I was just telling you. I'm like, I remember when Marlo was running in the rain. Yeah. I was under I the pain. I'm like yeah, yeah, yeah. He on for something. You know what I'm saying? Once you see them, I mean you was motivated every day. I remember I was saying no good mornings get money. Huh? Don't tell me good morning. Tell me get money motivated me. He said, oh y'all sleep I'm getting money and when I all this shit going on.


Million Dollaz Worth Game, Million Dollaz Worth Game. I said they deserve it. Look at them, they deserve it. Look at these shit. And it's good because a lot of people don't figure it out man. And But listen, this phone ready go but love you brother. Stay up all brother. The day telling. I said, what's up? All the brothers right. All the brother the day up Man. What's up? Y'all much love y'all man. Much love.