
Hey, Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Right. One thing about this song, man. Everybody been there? Yeah. Yeah. Yo, yo, yo. Listen, I listen, I still think I, you know, I know it don't count, but when I was in prison, man, you Ain't had no in prison did you dog? Yeah I did. Man. She was, she, you know she was, You still call Me nigga Call one time. Tell her, because what you doing? I'm like, I ain't doing nothing. I did, I Did. I was doing some Dumb pull up around there and see if it's this car up. Nigga ain ain't going lock up Because listen, you dudes do be policing.


See If nigga over there blazing you, man, that's over with, Man. No, but dudes will police you from jail. 'cause I, 'cause, 'cause you know, like you, you, you still be an illusion. One thing I learned about us, we, we, we love to, we love to be fantasy Mac, we love to fan all human beings. They love to be told. They love to be just thinking some dumb shit is happening. That's really not. So I'm like, yeah man, she always catching my phone. She ain't doing nothing. She go to work and just chill. I ain't thinking about when baby lay come, when they, when, when, when we locked down in the cell and at the count, baby laying, putting baby up, pads off, standing on top of the bed with his boots bust open. So what About the scene on Menace in Society? What if your girl come visit you and she got the homie with it and you know the, what you supposed to do?


Man, every time I see that, man, I knew, I knew like, like as I got older in prison penitentiary bit. And I, and dudes like, yeah man. Young boys would be like, yeah my homie ready bring my girl. I say what? Oh, he, he fucking, he the the seatbelt off her all the way up here. Yeah. The brakes off her before Gas tank. Especially if you, if you locked Down, you locked down about that, that, that, that's my, no, listen, I knew one boy, his best friend got his baby mom pregnant. Mm. They wound, he was mad at, I said, man, listen man, what you going to do man? You gonna stop taking the money over his call, man. What if You only got a year? Do you think you should tell her, Hey baby, look, it ain't for a year. No. Some chicks will hold it down for a year. I don't know this. Who? Yeah. Some, some them, Some will hold it down, Some that hold it down for A year.


Hold this shit down. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just, Nah. If you get a little three to six, you're done. Someone's listen. Listen. Three To six though. Yeah. It is been one. Listen, you think, listen, would you listen Sister, if he went down, would you, would you wait for that? That crazy though. She'll wait for, she said she'll wait for you. She Different though. She, She different. We talking about five to 10. I've bet my life, everything she tell me be 100. We Talking about a 10 to 20. She Took a deep breath. Now. Might not make it out 2010 To 20. I just, I what they do sometimes when they come visit 'em, they say don't come see me no more. Just get out. Yeah. I get that though. When you be watching people with, especially if they doing like a real beer like that.


He said that, but that, that's when he got release and shit. I don't, don't Relationship. Don't nobody come see me. What Wasn't relationship, he's in A relationship up there. He all in love. They don't need nobody come see me say that. That's usually when they got a little something up there. I'm cool. No, I don't need no vicious. What If he fall in love in jail and get out? What he did? He was crying like a fucker with a cell won. So he lying Over me. That nigga lied though. You ain't cried when you cell, you never cried when the cell left. No, I was little like my homeboy leaving. I wasn't like that though man. But keep It real. You never, you never cried when a Celly left. No, never. You with cellies for four years. You Not wild. It is. You not wild.


Like damn, That's what you would do. I'd be like, man, stay up man. Stay Up. Get the right On. But no, like if for real, like if it's a celly, somebody you know real good and they leaving, that'd be weird. Yeah, because you used to 'em, you know what I'm saying? We, we, we men, we always stand on it. But we got a heart. You know what I'm saying? Inside you is a heart ain't got ain nothing to be embarrassed about. Wait, You got a, You got a, you Got a heart? Yeah. He Got a heart and you got a Heart. Man, I remember the broke up with me. His shoes used to buy me shoes and all the time man, I was crying like a How about the shoes? Especially when I had to buy my own shoes. I was, I saying, Lemme ask you a question. Was you ever a home a, what Is that Nigga that was homeless but s over police.


Hey, I love that. That's how I used to, Hey man, I didn't pay rent until I was like 30 something years old. Why? I just used to know, hey man, listen, I have never been an overachiever in the dating game. I know how to find people that's happy to be with me. Damn. How do you do that? I'm just not proud of how they used to look. But I'm just saying it's like I don't, I don't go after the, the little girls that I think got action elsewhere. So You was gonna the with some cheese man, whatever long I got You got some people, You were survivor before the TV show. You was a survivor. Man, Come on man. I ain't never been man. I want who won't me Always. But, but but how do you find that? How do, how do people find that? What advice could you give to people these day and time with social media?


Don't overachieve. Listen, everybody you want can do better than you. You gotta believe that you gotta get who want you and you know who want you because they attitude and everything shows that. Yeah. They energy Be crazy. It Just, some people really think that they, you know, something special. Like it's 50 50 plus year old men out here dating 20 year olds. And they actually think because they might have paper or might be cut up or whatever. These girls want them. No man, that girl don't want you. You got paper something. That's why the with you, you know what I'm saying? It's always something to it. But when you with somebody that's on your level, you might be able to relax a little better. It's just, we don't want what's on our level. We want the Bombay, you know what I'm saying?


Because we men, this is what we do. But no, it go both ways. I think everybody chasing something that they can't have. Hey man, I got some girls to know they can't do better than me. Dog ain ain't gonna lie. Dang man. You could look at 'em and tell how happy they're, You know what I'm saying? I bought this girl, one of them, I think it was oh nine Chrysler 300. You should have saw how she was so grateful. And what, what year Was it that you bought it? What year Was it? No, a couple years ago. I bought her oh nine 300. What y'all see? Y damn. Yeah. See when I pulled up outside a couple, I saw the turbo business and shit out there. Y'all, y'all too far away from reality dog. You need a girl when? And I put the little bow on it too.


Yeah, you did. Did you get a detail? I got a detail. It was, that was dope. But that ain't stopping none. It don't stop. That call ran good. How, how did she act though? He said two years. This a couple years. It's two years ago because Right. The oh nine 300, the one he put with a 2023 still Had the CD player in it. Yeah. And all. Did you get some CDs? What? Did you get us Some CDs? You ain't give her algebra cd? Actually it was a young girl. Oh. So, you know what I'm saying? She was like, you got a CD player. That's the only thing she complained about. But she was so happy you, I take you to Jordan. All her two kids was, they was, they was riding around all night with the window Down. So that joint was two up and a thing. It was ready, It was 2009. How much did you 300.


How much? I think was 3,500. Something like that. It wasn't 3,500. It's just, you know what I'm saying? You did, you Get to play like that. Hook me up. I'm I'm gonna throw you a promo or something. No, dude had the wheels blacked out. So I just gave the extra three. Dude, I don't even know if that was real. I I think he spray painted this wheel. I ain. My car ain ain't finna drive. Yeah, You said it Right. That's Crazy, man. Crazy. He Died. This was 300. Lemme Ask you a question, right? What's up? It's crazy as when, When did your button break? Yeah. Well you just said fuck it. Like, 'cause like you have no filter.


You have, you have like zero corporateness in you. Like it's Well put. But see I moved out there to LA and I was out there, you know, making progress in the, in the, in the, in the game where you get TV deals. Yeah. When I first got to LA they was going crazy over me. But I realized after being in the game, I ain't going to fit into this because there's a certain man element that I'm sure y'all know about. Your principles ain't finna let you do certain things. Let me ask you a question before you go farther. I remember one time we got invited to a particular party. I went to sleep. Gil went and after he came back changed.


So you talking about them type of parties, all That, it ain't even just them type of party. It was Sunset, that boulevard. He went Have you can, can you imagine working somewhere and your check goes to an agent and then the agent cuts you your check? No, fuck that. He had It, he had it when a check was coming right there. 'cause he came back. Only thing he said, he said no, Because I, I, I'm sleeping. Next morning he could wake me up. He had a bag. He had like this brown bag. I'm talking about like a grocery bag. It was full, it was like 350,000 Right. Cash money. He said, man, you should have came to the party. I said, what happened? He said, as soon as you walk into the party, they put this black pillowcase in your head. It's a mask and you just be in there. I said, what happened? You ain't go to sleep, didn't he? I Said, what address was it?


He said, I don't know. I woke up, I was wet early in the morning behind the dumpster and it was a bag of money. I was just wet. I said, I said, I ain't go to that joint, man. I'm glad ain ain't go to that joint. I Got on. Like they got a bus that take you up to some of them parties. You know that right? Yeah. And Holly? No, I don't Know. You mean? Yeah, I found Out. I'm saying you went to the party. I I got on a bus, but I, I always felt weird. 'cause like, you know, it's a little bus 'cause you can't park up there. They they rent out mansions to park. It's $10,000 a park. Even though people was paying it. That was blowing my mind. So, so, so when you got inside the party, I didn't go in. Come on, you ain't, you got on the bus and then got there, turned Around. Didn't go up to the bus, got up to the front door. My, my homeboy, he had the invitations and everything, but they was like, and this what blow my mind where people know me.


I said, I can't believe it. They was a corner. Who you with? I was like, Yeah, was, But I just couldn't go in for some reason. It was one of the weird parties. I heard about him. Oh shit. But I was like, man, I can't go in here for some reason. Did you anybody see anybody that you was like me? And he went in there. It was just The vibe. It was that you ever seen that part of that movie where they having them little moist dudes doing disco and all like that? So when I saw, when I saw a whole bunch of them, I was like, I don't know if this my type of vibe dog and my homeboy, he was so mad. He was like, let's just go ahead and see what's happening. I was like, I ain't going do it. And them people at the door knew me. They was showing me loving. But after, after you didn't go to that party, the opportunities fade away.


This episode, a million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by none other than DraftKings. The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the high stakes drama clutch moments and draw dropping plays. And I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, DraftKings sports book has you covered. As the official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now's the time to back your favorite players teams and chase the glory. All season long Draft King has been the go-to spot for NBA player props and doesn't stop now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on favorite players' performance. Will they drop 30 points, 40 or more? Hit your call. Ready to place your first bet. Download Draftking Sports book app. Now locking your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something for first timers to special right now for you to try New Draftking customers bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's $5. That's its un $5. And I'm, I'm gonna bless you. Whip it. Sock it right to your pocket. 200 bonus bets instantly when you use Promo code GILLIE. Don't forget to use Promo code GILLIE, G-I-L-L-I-E, Promo code GILLIE DraftKings. We are the best. It's none other. Forget the rest Draftkings Sports book, the Crown is yours. Put it on word GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio


Right. This episode of million dollars Worth for Game is brought to you by KFC. The future of Dunking is here. The Dunking bucket is no ordinary release. It's the first of its kind customized flavored experience. KFC is introducing the first ever bucket built for dunking into interactive, crave worthy food experience. Designed for the ultimate dipping, dunking, sharing, and devouring. Now with the new Dunking bucket, KFC is inviting everyone to get in on all the delicious possibilities and dunk in their way. 'cause Dunking isn't just for basketball legends anymore. It's for everyone. KFC dunk it challenge may be over, but you can still dunk, dip and devour with KFC. Dunk it bucket. And if you haven't seen the the KFC dunk it challenge, you can go check it out on YouTube. Or you could just join personally by taking one of these good old tenders right here and these fries and dunk it in one of these tasty sauces. KFC dunk it.


Right? Opportunities never faded away for me. So what? That's the miss. I, I just, I don't fit in and I know it. I'm just going to burn bridges. I've been on sets and I'm the oddball because you know, it's like I'm not, nobody ever has tried to make me do anything I ain't want to do. Okay, cool. You know what I'm saying? But I just know I'm the oddball, like this real talk. When you see guys and they try to hide they boyfriend because you in the room, then you start feeling like, oh shit, they can't even keep it real. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's odd. It's really like that in some places. But nobody's ever tried to do anything out of pocket to me. I just know.


I'm like, yeah, But let me ask you a question. Do you believe in Hollywood that some people really got natural talent and they make it through that? Because in the, a lot of times in our, in our culture where we come from, we don't think that nobody can make it to the next level unless they went to the black door. The black door. Yeah. The point he went to, he making shit up. The one he the door he went to that night. But what I'm saying is the Black door, nobody even heard Me like, like, like, like what I'm saying is Black door is pink inside. Yeah, Yeah. But what I'm saying is, what I'm saying is this, what I'm saying is Some people, the pink be on the outside too. That Whatever pink door, blue door, green door, I mean, you know they got the red pill, blue pill, you Locked up with all kind of People.


He was So on and so on. What I'm saying though is Back door, front door Doors do, do you really, do you really believe because some people feel as though that never, that's not inside of the entertainment game. They think the only way you go to the next level of success if you do some crazy, I don't think you can get discovered and you can get some results. But when you really moving up in the game, you got to play ball. And that's just real talk. And I believe anybody who has really had some real success in Hollywood, I just, I I believe there's gonna be a time where people admit what they had to do. I really believe it because it ain't nothing to be embarrassed about no more.


'cause it, most of this stuff is on video now. Yeah. I think you should tell it for the video. Tell it all this stuff man. This, this whole world is under surveillance now. You know what I'm saying? So Yeah. Like a lot of guys, and I'm talking about guys I used to play ball with. These are not no voice looking guy. When when You say play ball, what? Basketball probably cook the Out you. You ain't had no game. Come on, stop throwing that around you too little because you throwing around like you was playing in Playing. Your nickname was the dunk creator. Dunk Creator. Yeah, but listen, that's all he, He talking from 82. Man don't count man. That's all that was 82 though. Like you used to. Who? What? I played for Penn State. I was like fifth in the country court.


Man. You better ask about me Man. Man nigga P for the steep pen man. Fuck. You better ask about me man. You playing Penn State 20. Who you play With? Listen man, I played back in the day. You know who we used to go head up this. Oh, you ain't talking about P State. You went to P State? I did a show up there too. No, he went to the pen. Man. You talking about nigga got locked up ins. Stop throwing Your at 37. Really? Yes. Stop throwing your game around like you could you, When I used play ball back in the day, his name wasn't okay. But he was one of the, that he couldn't shoot, couldn't drill me just to High. Right. That's it. Right?


That's it. Well in high school, I ain't gonna admit I was just all hops. But you know when I You ain't to college. What college you went to? I went to a Juco. See he went to a kid. He went to neighborhood college. They call him neighborhood college. Yep. Could join. That'd be like two blocks long. Yep. Yep. I, I ain't had no discipline with getting work done. Oh, so you just, you just want like A ball. I just, we go, we go to school, we play spades. We sick to find the lunch room. Next thing you know it's three o'clock, 12 time to go home. Damn. This college too, you know what I'm saying? That's crazy. We hang out all day until we hoop. And then after a while you can't play on the team no more. 'cause the grades came up. Could you make, was you good enough to make it to the league? Nah, I don't think I was good enough to make it to the league. I ain't have nigga he Don't believe that he wasn't good.


I tell him I said I can, I could, I could, I could come off the bench right now. Did you ever play college ball? Yeah. Well Cabrini, You never heard of this college, right? You never heard of this joint? Stop that. Tell that's A beauty school ain't. Yes. That's Cabrini Cab beauty. It was a beauty. It was because he, he wanted to go do hair. He to do raps first. He was doing purpose shit. He was doing purpose. It was a beauty school. Played point guard shit on the bench. Pointed all the guard. There he go. You play cards. He was the head of the team chair. Fuck Ali. Gimme a G.


Hey Gimme he Coach don't like me. All the tough shit. I played Anywhere. I went fuck. I was never one of the coach ain't like me. Coach loved me. I always got starter everywhere. I hear you. Yeah. You can see my game back to back to back. MVP big three. Yes he is. He's a legend. Three time MVPI Was co MVP in big three. What? What? I Got four Points. You two rebound. You talking about ain't nobody else. That's crazy. I ain't know y'all used to hoop though. I still hoop. I ain't used to, I still do This. You don't hoop no more dude. Yes you Hoop Man. You got, he got water on Dingles. Are you over 40, 48?


That nigga You Ain't. No, I'm playing Jeff Teak on Monday. Monday this Monday. One on one. Come He coming here. We playing one-on-one. Yeah. I'm gonna cook this Jeff. He said Really Look at him. I thought he was playing at first but I He got some games Ain't ready for Jeff. T Jeff t He's a bum. Y'all talk about the same Jeff t I'm talking about fucking he go get lunch for the players. This my dude used to starve for Atlanta, right? Yeah. He used to go get lunch for the players. He went to the club. Jeff t went to the club with a and four players in the club had Man. Well that's what, that's the whole NBA whole NBA every everybody. Nah, I'm just trying to put some smile on his name.


Feel me? Oh Yeah. Well it's all good. He said well it's all Good. Jeff Teague was Ro at one time. Man, that One time that niggas a bumed now He bum now telling I ain, I ain saying nothing Jeff. I don't want no problem. Bumps a bu straight up. When did you become the comedy bully? Because you just don't give a man. I ain't know I was the bully, but I'm, I'm, I'm one of the OGs of the game now. I can't believe I, I used to feel like I was a little young boy. Yeah. Last week. But see, Listen and when and when I say comedy, bully, bully is is a word that take wrong, but you can't take it wrong in comedy because it's all fun and jokes. Anybody can Roast you in Comedy. Anybody carro you If you are a real comic And I call you the bully because you don't give a who you roast a lot of out here got picks ain ain't gonna say nothing.


He too big for me to say something. Not on duty. He, so, you know, you don't give a fuck if you, you feel like roasting a fucker you roast. But this is what I'm gonna ask you man. What the fuck is your issue with my guy Steven A. Smith? Oh man, Steven AEs. I mean, look, I'm gonna just try to be professional as I speak. Now he's a company man. I don't like the fact that that brother has taken with Pride a job where he gets to talk so much about black people on the air. But the dude who run the UFC, what's his name?


Dana White. That's my friend. I, I was like, oh my God. He said Dana White is his friend. I know he don't talk to Dana White all the time. You can't talk to Dana White all the time. Dana White fucker be slapping, including his wife. He did it on tv. So when he said Dana White crazy was his friend, I just really was like, oh my God, this dude is something wrong with him. I think he believes that he's fair. But he's the, he's the opposite of fair to me. I think he talk about black people too much on, on ESPN. He's the guy, the white people who are in charge. They don't have to say it. Get him to say it. That's why I think Stephen, Stephen A.


Smith is, that's why I go at him. But it ain't like when I see Stephen A. Smith. It's not like no It ain't like nothing. Yeah, It ain't nothing like that. I, like I said, I saw him in Chicago one day. It was weird what he say, but I used to be a big fan of Stephen A. Smith. 'cause Stephen A. Smith, when I did the Shaq All Star, he was sitting in this audience right next to Shaq. You know what I'm saying? And he was one of the first people that spoke to me after I got off stage and I had like a real strong set in everything. So at one time it was cool, but it's just, when I watch what he does on ESPN, I just feel like he's their boy. He's ESPN's boy. That's how I feel. I mean if they, they gave him like A bag, A hundred some million.


He and his boy, They gave a bag. He should be they boy they gave him the hundred some million. Well I'm saying like for money, people would do all kinds of stuff. 'cause let me tell you something I know for money It is, it is is it is. A whole bunch of people will be lined up to do what he do And okay. In his defense.


Right this episode, a million dollars Mworthofgame is bought to you by pocket order Lottery tickets right from your phone with JackPocket America's number one Lottery app. JackPocket has so many Lottery games to choose from. They have Powerball, Mega Millions, and other official state Lottery games. Best of all new customers get your first Lottery ticket free using our code Gilli. That's G-I-L-L-I-E. Yes. Make sure you spell it right at checkout. JackPocket America's number one Lottery app in official partner of bars Stu Sports. So make sure y'all download that JACKPOCKET app. You hear me? Put in Code Gilly get your first ticket for Freak may hit Mega Millions may hit power ball. You never Know. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 18 or older, 19 or older in Nebraska 21 or older in Arizona. Jackpocket is a lottery courier and not affiliated with any State Lottery. Eligibility restrictions apply Void. Were prohibited. Promo code required for $5 non withdrawable credit terms at jkpt dot co slash draw. Sponsored by Jackpocket Based on 2024 iOS download data collected by Sensor Tower.


This podcast is brought to you in part by Stash. Saving and investing can feel impossible but with Stash it's not just a reality, it's easy. Stash isn't just an investment app, it's a registered investment advisor that combines automated investing with dependable financial strategies to help you reach your goals faster. They'll provide you with personalized advice on what to invest and Based on your goals. Or if you want to just sit back and watch your money go to work, you can opt into the award-winning expert manage portfolio that picks stocks for you. Stash has helped millions of Americans reach their financial goals and start at just $3 per month. Don't let your savings sit around, make it work harder for you. Go to get dot Stash dot com slash dollars to see how you can receive $25 towards your first stock purchase and to view important disclosures. That's get dot Stash dot com slash dollars paid non-client endorsement, not representative of all clients and not a guarantee. Investment advisory services offered by Stash Investments. LC and SEC registered investment advisor investing involves risk offer is subject to T's and C's


in his defense. Right. We interviewed him on our show. Mm. And I was confused about something because I'm like, the Eagles is the best team in the league, but every day I'm like, every day when we wake up, Stephen a speaks about the Dallas Cowboys for a half hour. So when be dogging the Dallas Cowboy. Yeah. But regardless they, you wasted too much time on these bums man, these three win teams. Man. You don't talk about three win teams this long. Man. You don't talk about the Jacksonville Jack Ball did he was there. Yeah. Yeah. So what I'm saying is I asked him why is it that you spend so much time talking about the Cowboys?


And he basically said, Kelly, it's raid rating, it's rating America's senior. Before you said that, I'm just like, he going to talk about what he told to talk about. So, but, but at the end of the day, we giving you, they giving you a hundred million dollars for these ratings. If we got a proven system that when we talk about the Cowboys, the ratings is high, we gotta have that segment in there every day. Right. But you Feel what I'm saying? And Look, I get that. But if your, if, if the ratings is high, 'cause you talk about your own people and you do it, I lose respect for you Joe. I can't, I can't. So, so so you, you, you, you thinking that he should be more Stuart Scott Amma Rasha?


Well I think Stuart Scott was a guy that was fair. And I think by his personality being what it was, the bosses really would have a problem getting him to be anything other than what he is. But, but you gotta understand too is what he's, but You gotta understand too, it is a little bland when you say LeBron James is the greatest player that ever played the game. That's it. Who said that? What, what I'm saying is Steve always got LeBron is the best, but Oh yeah, I get what you saying. But Such and Such. But, but yeah. So it's all about ratings, man.


Like you look at what's going on right now, right? With what was going on in the draft with Shado Sanders, right? Okay. We can talk about this kid that goes to Texas, but how big is his story? Nobody knows him. They just know he played football. We know this kid background. We know his father. We know how he grew up. We know. So to wake up every day when his, when the draft is coming up, who we gotta talk about? We gotta talk about Shado Sanders. And then every day you need something to talk about, right?


Yeah. So today we going to talk about his staff, drop his staff, drop his staff Dr. His draft stock might be dropping because he's arrogant. Throw that out there. Well I heard his, his draft stock is dropping because they say he's arrogant. Okay. The next day we need something else to talk about. Say he he, he might be falling in the draft because the other kid Jackson Dart look good. Okay, now after a month of this, you looking like a villain and you ain't even did nothing but did everything you were supposed to do to be successful in life. But this is the, that brings the ratings in. Well how can Shado Sanders not be arrogant?


He didn't grow up broke. All the kids I know who grew up with money got arrogance to him. You know what I'm saying? Like they ain't, I mean like it's a different type of arrogance when I say that. But when you grow up not hurting for nothing, you don't grow up like everybody else. In fact, you are disabled most of the time. You know what I'm saying? But I still think he should have went in the first round. Absolutely. Yes. Without a doubt. But what I'm saying is, fuck without a doubt with them, with them systems, it's all about the ratings and what drive the ratings. So you know, when he gotta talk about LeBron, he got to that shit. Drive the ratings man. And obviously the ratings must be good because they just gave him a hundred and something million dollars.


I know he got some real power. 'cause they always show him from an angle in the front. 'cause if you see him from the back on the top, it'll bring his ratings down because that hole he need to go on. Where baseball caps on. No, he need Steve. Come on over Steve. Come on man. Fucking ball. So There go Let it go. I didn't know I was that bad until one day I saw it. Well he, he was somewhere when they showed the top. I said, hey, the back gold too. Oh man, let me Ask you a question, man. Just hilarious man. That's hilarious. You know, just our girl man. What's the don't do that. What's the issue Smith? Listen man, I I always get that We fixing all the problems right now with COREY HOLCOMB today.


Man. Did y'all ask her that? No, that's what I'm saying. It is like, yo, I'm the man and the woman gets the grace. But it's always been her having an issue with me and I respond 'cause I don't know her, so I'm gonna ride her back. But you started, you started it off though. What did I do to start it? You started off, she posted a picture before you just started off outta nowhere. You you went at her. So If you see a woman basically naked on there with her son who couldn't be no more than 4, 5, 6. You telling me that that ain't no subject that I'm going to talk about. I mean, come on. But I didn't know her so it wasn't personal. She took it personal and start lying.


Oh he don't know his kids or, or or whatever with his kids, all that. And of course I'm like, oh, okay, this what we doing because this's what we do. But it's not, she don't owe me nothing or nothing. It's not serious. It's, but trust me, she was the aggressor. So she, I could laugh shit off. I don't know you to be mad at you lady. Even to this day, I've never met you. Y'all never met each Other. I've never met her. I worked on a show with her one time and I didn't look for her but I was there when she was there. But I didn't wanna say nothing because you know, you be like, man, I don't if it's smoke, I don't want to talk to No, especially a woman. 'cause all a woman gotta do is say he did this. So I don't, I don't know that girl and I don't believe that she's approachable to talk to.


I mean, No, she good people. She good people to ya. No, I'm telling She's good people forget ya going on. No, but even, even before on her journey, she always was good people. That's not what I heard. She always, and I know people who knew him from the rock bottom. Oh, I don't know about all that. That's what I'm saying. Y'all gotta remember. This is gonna be cool with y'all. Remember that y'all celebrities, y'all are icons in the black community and above. So how people act with y'all, you gotta remember they don't be like this. But if you wasn't who you were right now, you'll just be out here. Shit be like this. And I'm, I'm gonna just say this, right?


'cause I don't even know the issue or happened with your picture or none of that. But what I'm gonna say this right as comedians, and I'm not a comedian, but I'm, you can roast me at any time. You can roast me too. I don't give a, You got self-confidence roast me All the time. I get roast any day. So If you get caught out there slipping, you throw a fucked up picture up, you, you, whatever it is. Yeah. And another comedian jump on your, you gotta be able to swallow that pill because you and talk about people for a living. That's part of being a, a comedian.


So when, when comedians get oversensitive about some, it just don't make no sense to me. It's like, Unless everything you do on the internet is part of the game, we can talk about it. And if you get mad, yeah, that shows that you ain't ready for the game. Get off the internet. Especially putting your son on the internet with no clothes On. But not even I'm gonna talk about that. It, But not even the, not even the internet outside of the just situation. Y'all had. What you said ain't nothing. The the, the issue is in our community around the way anything you did, you got roasted for, right? We, we roast each other in the black Community.


That's what we did. Like, we were like, come outside with some sneakers on man, that nigga got some kangaroo boots on. You get Roasted last night at the funeral. This had on the coldest suit you ever saw in, man, this, this suit was bad. We talked about his s at the cemetery while we was putting the homie up. Yeah. The fuck, this nigga got old at the funeral. This is what we do. That's exactly crazy. We we don't switch it up on nothing. Yeah, Absolutely. This is what we do. So, but I don't pray on the week. That's what I want. Say if I feel like, like if I, if I say something about somebody and I could tell they don't like that, I'll back off. 'cause I ain't, I ain't that type of dude. But I get that type of reputation and I, in a way I'll be like, ah, motherfucker get, Got it.


Let me just say this too, man. This episode of a million dollars Mworthofgame is sponsored by Ro and I'm a row partner. One thing about Ro Sparks, if you having ed problems, one thing it'll do, it'll help you out. One thing about Rose Sparks, you get direction, you be wanted row connect guys with medical providers a hundred percent online so you don't have to have them awkward in person conversations. Rose Sparks is gonna change your life. It's gonna change the energy in the bedroom. It's going to have us talking to you different, looking at you different Rose Sparks is a great thing. And the thing about Rose Sparks, it dissolved right under your tongue. One thing about dissolving treatment, it hit the bloodstream. Like, ah, I'm talking about like soon as you put it under your tongue, that rose spark, ah, put it up under your tongue and it be like, it hits your bloodstream Gametime game. Hey, hey, hey, you ready? I'm talking about you ready to play and you ready to play big. You're gonna win a Super Bowl alike Rose Sparks work in 15 minutes on average. I'm talking about like this on average. You know, can't say like then you know, different strokes of different folks, but you know it is gonna work and you're gonna be ready to get busy. Road stays in your system for 36 hours. So you go back to back to back, to back, to back, to back to back. I'm talking about a hundred percent online health provider to tell 'em your needs. Tell 'em what you're going through to make you better. If you are approved treatment, shipped directly to your door, nobody know what's going on but you, what are you waiting for? And prescribe new sexual health patients. Get 15% off Sparks recurring plans. Connect with a provider at RO dot co slash mdw g to find out if prescription Ro Sparks is right for you. That's Ro Ro dot co slash MD wog for $15 off your first order.


This episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. According to research. A major challenge that many employees face is the pressure to hire quickly. And it is tough hurdle to overcome because it's so time consuming to search for great candidates because it's so time consuming to search for great candidates and sort through applications. Well, if you are an employer who can relate, I have one question for you. Have you tried ZipRecruiter? Say ZipRecruiter has figured out how to solve this very problem. In fact, four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a qualified candidate within the first day. And right now you can try ZipRecruiter for free. Just download ZipRecruiter dot com slash game. That's ZipRecruiter dot com slash game. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site employers to prefer the most Based on G two. How fast the ZipRecruiter smart technology starts showing your job to qualify candidates immediately. So if you are an employee employer and you need a great employee, you don't have to be searching forever. Now it's a new way to find employees. That's ZipRecruiter. So see for yourself and try ZipRecruiter dot com slash game right now for free. So head over to ZipRecruiter dot com slash game and find you some great employees. ZipRecruiter the best way to hire.


Right? I seen a video man the other day popped up on my phone, man. Oh, lied. No, go ahead. I'm I'm talking about you. It was, it was you, it was airy spears and it was some light skinned Yeah Zo I never seen the, he used to be like my guy, like, You know, on, on, on the internet with me like this. Why you instigate that flipping? Why did I get the instigation shit? Shit. Aries came up there drunk. He called d we still got the bottle of Tan ray. The, the little corner he had left. He drunk this whole thing.


Why y'all keeping as a trophy? Yeah, and we got the little thing with the blood on it. Where, when Zoe beat him up, I couldn't believe he didn't swing back. I was like this lemme ask you a question. That's crazy man. What the issue with you and Rie Spears? Man, he came up there act fool that day. And then, and then I walk into his car 'cause I, I felt bad about what happened but even though he did bring it on hisself, he was talking crazy to that man. And first of all, how you just beat your sweet back but walk to his car damn air. You want me to drive you home man and we'll have somebody just drive your car and all like that. 'cause you know he's, nah, I got it.


I'm like man, all right, next thing you know we getting letters from lawyers. I'm like, you did everything to ask for that whooping and his own air. You said to the man something like, it was like he, he challenged him. You know what I'm saying? I don't want people to fight at my show because it, it brought lawyers in the, in the mix. I had to spend money, you know what I'm saying? To put out the fires. I don't want nobody fighting. I'm old enough to know what a, what a fight turns into nowadays. Yeah. When people hit each other. So I didn't want that to happen. But Aries talked up on that swooping and then went and got some lawyers that he gave some money to one time and then they couldn't find him after that.


His own lawyers Aries the whole, to be honest man, and I wouldn't say that out of no spite just what he did right there. 'cause he always used to call me to come on the show. But I used to be like, oh Aries he gonna start. I ain't think but this why I fucked up. I thought he wouldn't start this with me. I thought oh he can't do what, what he gonna do? That's what I'm thinking. Thinking what the gonna do. And then that happened because I know Aries beats up people. Damn. Little mother little is Aries beat. Yeah he he'll run up on you give. Yeah I'm saying he might, he might look you in the eye be like that's all talking about wrong with he took a batt to his wife.


Damn. I tell you how we found this out. You know when you put a case on somebody that you get to go into they life Aries, you really, I know you sick boy. That's why I don't, I ain't tripping on Aries. I ain't mad at Aries. That happened. One, it was, it was one incident. What? I'm gonna hold it one incident and get the man forever. It is just if he around how you hold that? He took a loss. He got whooped up there man. And anybody can take a whooping but he talking about I'm gonna hold an incident against him something one time I ain you I just can't have him around me 'cause I know what he doing. You might punch in the back of you after that happened. We was going to radio stations and radio stations was like yeah he, he got into a fight with my guy.


This one guy in California, a little guy. He hit him s fight Little what? That's what he do. He fight little. I have never seen Air Square with a man his size. Damn. You always go with the odds. Well you don't. You know some of these know how to fight. Listen man I know Bo who is, you don't want it. This what I wanna know. Listen Man, who is your top five favorite comedians of all time? I don't know man. It's like you can't do that. You gotta, I always stole Richard Pryor and Red Fox Legend and this the, this the Sleeper Rodney Dangerfield.


Oh Rodney a monster Monsters. Motherfuckers don't know about Rodney Dangerfield. They need to go back and watch some old Rodney Dangerfield so you can get some laughs. I'm talking about just joke after joke. That movie he played in, they was all funny wasn't it? Yeah. You ain't like Andrew Dice. Andrew Dice Clay. He was, he was good. He wasn't super strong with his material but he had good stage presence in. Yeah he was unforgettable from the cigarette. Yeah, but when I saw him one day out there, you know I live in California so I'm seeing these guys and I didn't know that was him. You've Seen him at the party nigga? Yeah, he At the, no, I seen him at the grocery stove with Black Door and he was just a, you know you see him when he not in costume? Yeah. Just a little bitty Jewish guy like that's Andrew Dice come back.


Oh my god I beat this. No, just around. I'm just saying he's just a, he's just a a little little guy. It's like I'm used to seeing, hey I'm dice Clay. But then what I saw at the grocery store I was like Alright so you gave me, you got three. Oh I got three. Well you know what I'm saying? It's like well He got put Eddie Martin in there three there. Who else? Eddie Murphy and Martin. Man, fuck What we Talking about. I can't take nothing away from Eddie Murphy. Man Eddie Murphy specials was funny man. Yeah I can't take nothing away from Eddie Murphy. But the reason I say those three why I stand on it because it ain't, I don't think, it's no doubt those are going to be in a lot of people. Top five. Black and white.


He looked like Fuck Murphy. But he was evil as who y'all make me out to be? Not is it? No it's Don Rickles. Who y'all make me out to be? That's who Don Rickles really was. That was the meanest ever do comedy. If you, if you ain't got to do just pull up Don Rickles doing comedy 'cause he talk about everybody. No See we don't think that Black, white, Mexican, it don't Matter. I don't put you in No, no no certain category. No I just think that you are an extremely talented brother that if you just added just a little bit of seasonings to Your year. What seasonings? Just a little. He Learned that at the party. Just a little Bit of seasoning to your year. What seasons where you kinda like be nice?


You mean like that? No, When you kinda say like dis in a little better way. Okay, so what's disrespectful Did I say I love this part? What You mean what's disrespectful? Every spears beat up Little bit little But it's the truth. It's a fact. Every spears fight. Men five, four and women. He fighting this house. I'm five nine and a half. No you not you five three. Shut up. Fuck you talking about? Beat Beat. Lemme show you something Look like. But it's heavy though. You see that? You see that? Yo your tattoos might scare Aries. Aries fuck Aries is a little really easy. He that brother low spoiled.


See leave that brother low man. He was here. I said listen, listen, listen. I'm asking you about certain people. Lemme tell you something. He was he here. I said, now you know who I said something about that I probably wouldn't say Will if I was in his face. Will Will Smith. What You saying about Will Smith? Will I said something about Will Smith. I said like, 'cause I was very frustrated when that dude August went over his house and had a a field day. Come on man. I ain. Come on man. Man Not doing hold on now I know he from Philly so that's y got Right. We ain't doing that man. I don't know what you talking about man. What You mean you don't know what I'm talking about. Know nothing about that. You don't know nothing about that? No. Oh pass. What about, what about, lemme ask you a question. Lemme ask you a question.


Lemme see what talking about. Lemme ask you a question. But I would look, I I I've been close on Will before I like dad this ain't Yeah Will would've hit you Up. Yeah so might do some prison to me. Listen, he crazy. Listen, Listen. Oh he'll do some prison. No I wouldn't do that. One time in jail he knocked the nigga out. Nigga woke up pregnant Now I saw he knocked these two s out, pulled they pants down and spitting They booty yo he yo you wild. No, this really happened. And then I found out why he did that. You seen in jail sometimes they do that. You lying. So the fuck you lying for the kid had to be done and your family find out you had to take a kit.


That's what I heard. I ain't know why he spiting they booty yo. He lying. He no I ain was jail. You know what I was talking about. No, I dunno nothing about that. Me in jail. Of course we all got friends that and then when they get out you try to be cool with him. But after why nigga what happened to one of your homies? Said come on. What happened? What you mean Why you couldn't be cool with him when he came home? Wild was wild.


You already know Uber Eats is drop of heat every week. The limited time collabs you can get anywhere else. This week they've teamed up with KFC to bring back a fan favorite that hasn't hit the scene in over five years. Chicken and waffles. Now we don't have the waffles on set today because the drop officially goes live tomorrow. But we do have KFC iconic tenders in the studio starting tomorrow. You can get the chicken and waffles combo at participating KFC locations nationwide. But if you want it delivered, that's exclusively through Uber Eats no other app. Got it. Just Uber Eats. Uber Eats. Stay tuned, stay hungry for the next drop.


I ain't living no life where I'm finna be locked up on no Deebo type. You had homies That was Deebo Man come on man. There's some wild man I know was doing comedy. Only reason he ain't doing comedy now because he locked up again. What happened would be the double murder. What Happened though? What you mean like at why he go back like he was doing comedy? What? How did it go? Why y'all ask him this? You know what's some out here who flat out Wow like you, they be your friends. You know 'em, they your friends. But you be like this is a, is a murderous fucker. Yeah come on. This is how it go.


If you grew up in inner city USA and now I say even the suburbs, you know a that you really scared of super not scared like woo woo woo because if you gotta go to war, you gotta go to war. But I'm saying this, it is wild. My homeboy, last time we was in Chicago, me and my, me and my guy like we was hanging out but we got another homeboy who played at the junior college with us. Okay man this fucker still wild. I'm 55. This fucker wild dog. The store walking up the store. But he big. Yeah. You know what I'm saying?


You can't do nothing about that. But everybody was looking at him like, and you just be like, I can't with you man, fuck up. Who they gonna sue? They gonna sue me. Yeah. They gonna sue me. Absolutely. Everybody was looking like, what's wrong with your boy? I'm like been like that since we were Yep. Some niggas up though, naturally some you could say he ain't grow up. Fucker. I, man, this fucker wild. I ain't even gonna lie. I can't even say his name 'cause he'll be mad at me. No, That's how he was Man. You know how we became best friends, how we was on the basketball team and he was stealing on everybody on the squad. And he, I I remember he was covered by way. I was like b we've been best friends ever since, Ever. He was gonna whip you This.


I love this man. But he Wow. He beat You up though In high school. Did he go to jail? I ain. Did he go to jail? I wasn't no. Easy win. Did he go to me up Though? He, he spent some time, especially when he was younger. Is it, is it the Ody home out here? Oh he ain't out here. What'd they call it out here when you young and you be in the system? Like juvenile facilities? Yeah. Yeah. See he, it remind me of him. 'cause back in the day, man, he get a little cord up in me man. He back in the day. Yeah, he get a little cord up a little. You know what I mean? Because they used to call him powder Man back in the day That was your nickname. So I Didn't know what was going on. 'cause every time we go somewhere he'd just be getting tough for no reason. I'm like, like this. Back in the day you like four.


It was like four three. We going to neighborhoods. He getting tough on. Yeah. What? What'd you say? I'm like, come on, cut, stop that said I'm gonna leave you dumb here. These dudes come out the store I'm leaving you. He would say talk people. He would say to people, get the fuck outta that. Don't make no sense. He Always was a yeah. What? You Know, you know this, this dude I'm talking about. He don't do no nothing. All he do drink water. That's why he still cut up and it ain't from that weightlifting. It's just he naturally and Wasn't in jail. He ain't never really been down For real. He always So what do he do with life? Beat it. Huh? What do he do with His life? He find ways drink Water and chill.


Man. He find ways he still be hooping 50 something hooping. Man. Nate. Ooh. I said his name Nate. Nate gonna be mad every, but I love Nate. That's my man. He tried to clean up that. I trying to clean up a little bit. But Nate, wow, that boy. Hey. We be like, that's how he was. You can't grab people. He was wild. That's why they says that the 20 to 53, 19 to 53 years. I wild. A comedian named Jimmy Martinez. No. What's Up with he? Jimmy another big dude. He a wild boy too. So one day I had, He's wild boys like, what's going on? What happened to la Hey man, no, they Jimmy live in New York City.


Oh shit. And it was so funny. One day I had Nate to Jimmy in the car and Nate going to try you, Nate still on that. Don't try you. And he did this to Jimmy. Ha ha. And Jimmy had that look. And I was like, that was my first time seeing Nate like, oh Nate start bitching Because they both big as hell. They start bitching Nate, Nate match. He didn't really bitch, but they knew. He was like, okay guy like a, In a bank robbery. Alright, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna give you options. Right. You pick, fuck You Nate. Nate going you, I'm gonna give you options. I Be scared of Nate Teeth. They little and yellow. You got the little yellow team Nate, big dude. Little Chiclets. Yeah. With little yellow Chiclets.


Yeah, you gotta pick one or the other. Right. This gonna be simple is simple as you want it to be. Mike Epps, Martin Lawrence, Mike Ebbs. That's a fun, I'm new. You had to pick Mike. Lemme tell you why you say Mike Ebbs? Mike's funny fucking, He got most street in Him. He got, he got that round away. Funny man. That shit different. Yeah. His shit is Mike Ebbs is, I love Mike Ebbs. Mike Eon Man, lemme tell you something man. All them guys who still in the streets gonna be funnier than the guys that's hiding out in Brentwood. Why? Because the streets is going to show you something every day that you can turn into something that the people can relate to if you hiding now material, material like, like look, I'm gonna hope out he don't be mad at me for saying this.


One of the funniest comics ever. Cedric entertainer. Okay. Still is one of the funniest comics. But old St. Louis said It's different. Couldn't nobody touch him. Couldn't nobody touch St. Louis in the streets Cedric entertainer. Because when you going you I add him. So when you going to the barber shop, it's my top ones. You going to the cookouts, you getting all that material. You hanging around being around the people. The speakeasy the game. You Aint around the people dog. You gonna fall off dog because you ain't gonna talk about that son. You around Speak easy. You can't talk about the stuff from Speak Easy. You know that nigga did a thousand Years, you know they had a corn lick in there. That's where they got the corn lick and all that.


Now you go, I'm Justand. Nigga said speak you snot up a nigga get a gallon corn licking for grandma Uncle Gallon day. I ain but ain ain't up on the corn lick. What is that? You don't know What Cornick is? No Man, that's another story. Oh my god you don't know what Cornick is. That sounds like some, It's like moonshot shit. No, no, no. That's it's Moonshot moon. You don't know what moonshine is. You party was At a party, nigga Party on it. I ain't embarrassed about nothing I ever Did. What Stopped you from going to that party? Keep it real. I felt the vibe. No, no. Lemme ask you a question. If listen, listen slap Me my ass Outside. Let me ask you. Back in the back in the day Darnell Roll wouldn't done.


Oh Ashley, he always on he, Ashley, Larry, Ashley, Larry, everything. He's listen man, Somebody said they saw him leaving the party like that shit don't hurt no more. Go ahead. My bad. No Darnell. No that's How he listen Don listen as you Larry man bring It. Ashley Levy got off. Hold on. What The, You got an issue with Darnell Rawlins Too? No, he don't Really Man, look man, that's Darnell will roast him too crazy. He gonna run outta No because Darnell went on the breakfast club and killed him. He did a little bit. But that's what you what I saying Killed. Forgot I forgot. Forgot Killed you. The Breakfast Club. I love Charlemagne but he enabled people to talk about me. No he don't.


He Enabled people to talk about me Man, I ain't been on the Breakfast club in a while but you know what I'm saying. Hey, let 'em do what they do. I got a, I got a vehicle too. It's called a 51 50 show. So I get to talk back, call You, put me on voice. Who is that trying Look at Man. Got a minute dog for that phone. Yeah. Ain't gonna answer dog. No Man you always trying to be peacemaker messed up the man As she Larry. Man This gonna be so funny. If he answer the phone dog, it's too early LA time. He might be at La dog. He off that. He gonna think this was a setup. Man. Husband Forwarded to voicemail.


The first you trying to reach is not available. See this how nigga big he get big. He won't want to answer his phone no more. I know somebody who gonna get in touch. How? How you know him? You was locked up all them years man. Actually my man, He was sitting between yo yo. Listen, listen, listen this, who Is that? That dude he finally answered It's Me and Gil here bring the aggression down. What you mean bring the aggression down, don't talk. Look who right here Down son. Bring the aggression down Son. You peanut here. Nah, ain't the phone up Man. Tell the truth. Tell the motherfucking truth. Y'all ain't gonna get no, you ain't gonna get no peace treat on this shit. It's too far gone. No, y'all gotta get Peace it up man.


He don't want that son. What you mean? I don't want that. I peace. I saw you walk. Hey hold on. I saw you walking the mall and you had your son with you And I said hello. I think I said hello but I'm gonna go take a chance. Hit me on that in front of my son. So I, but I ain't know that type of dude. I ain't that type of dude. I know physical is physical. You got physical trauma, mental trauma and like, and and mental abuse son. And you are very abusive son and you're abusive to the ones that love you. And I had a conversation with you that day at the, at the, when we was at the improv. When you said you think I'm jealous of you, I didn't understand where that came from but I said I personalities is similar where we don't with each other.


And I did apologize for yelling out. I did that. I said that I did all the efforts and we also had discussed the possibility of me coming on your, on your podcast and then it wouldn't stop. I did Ryan Cameron's show and he had asked me about it. You came in but I ain talking too much. Nothing bad to say, whatever. And then on that one it, I wasn't thinking of violence. You said I'll kick his s and all that time. And it wasn't never, it wasn't never none of that. I would, but I'm saying like ain ain't, I ain't that type of guy And I would, I know and I would fight back, but I don't understand what was the place when I was respectful to the situation. I told Ryan Cam and he even played the video of me being neutral about it and, and and explaining what my part of it was.


And you still winning with That? Hey man, you can't be respectful when you wanna be respectful, be this talk crazy to me while I'm on stage. Come on man. But you, I understand, I understand that part but you know I that's an unwritten comedy. It's an unwritten rule that you don't yell out at the comedians. No, no, no. How about this? How about this? When men disrespect each other, they fight or kill each other. That's why we don't disrespect each other. Especially like that. Yeah, But but I don't get grimy though Cory. But no, you can't disrespect people And then you was lying. You was lying about too dog. Explain, Explain, explain. It's a good time to talk about it.


Explain what I lied about and now if you think it's fair to bring my family with the, and be critical. This is my problem. I don't give a, we can beef we can with each other but to bring my family into it, like that's the, that's the grimy part. Hey, when it get grimy, it get grimy. When it get grimy it get grimy. That's why I don't really like disrespecting people because everything go, when it go there, everything go Well if you, if your character is, if your character is, is people, people have relationship. If your character is kids and not off limit, then you got bigger problems than me talking about this right now. Ain't nothing off limit when you talking crazy to me and you know we ain't play like that.


Ain't nothing off limits. Okay, lemme explain this the crazy part. And this is my issue and this is my issue with the whole thing about the whole thing. Everybody like, oh D oh he hold his man down and everything. And I said this on every platform the the mother dray Monday night, it ain't to blow up. It's for to work out. It's a room of 150 people and you got Dave Chappelle and y'all blow. Oh he on his and he did all this for his career. You got a that can. And I was like not set on platforms. If you wanna be critical to him Loud, you gonna be ling him in The room. The Phones, the phones ain't thinking took over the Interview. The phones ain't locked up, up.


Just, just talk like people know. If you wanna judge like that then go to arena, go to an arena and judge when I doing 25,000 people and everybody going crazy. Okay, so look, lemme ask you a question. Why you think Dave Chappelle ain't never said nothing about me Slick after I said he don't be ripping the mic. The reason why, because I I you want the honest truth. You want the for real honest truth. Why you asking me questions? You ain't on His level. You not on this. What does Jay-Z say? So let's keep It there. Let's Right. Why you saying something though? What he saying? If I shoot you, I'm famous Gil, you a rapper. Picture that He's not no rapper, he ain't make it.


Alright. But the thing is don't say all. Who does that? Him Dave coming back. Who does that benefit? It doesn't benefit him. Right. So why you say something? What'd you say? Lemme say it slow. Why did you say something? Because me and me, me and Dave don't got to say moral compass. I'm g Grier than him. Dave is not grimy. Dave will look at like this why they need to entertain Corey and his Don. When I make $2 million in Arena Darnell, he ain't even suggested to me. But I take offense to it. I don't know what you know, I don't know if you understand what having a real friend is, Corey, I don't know if you understand what Lord is.


Have you realized, you just talking about people the whole time you on the thing. It's like, it's almost like a broad, you, you, you, you, you I'm talking to you. Look, lemme tell you something man. You don't have the courage to be honest with me right now. Is it dope in your system right now? I listen, I have, I have the courage to answer and I don't have, I have the courage to answer everything honestly and the 100% of my knowledge. And why don't I have the courage? Who Is it dope in your system right now? No, it's not no dope in my system. Oh man. And that's, and You know what? And that's a nut, that's a nice way to divert and like do try to flip the script. What questions did you have you asked me that I haven't answered?


Honestly, You just said it ain't no dope in your system. So what could I say? Ain ain't with you. Have you ever been penetrated or penetrated a man? Whoa, whoa. You know What I'm asking you? What you, nah, you know what the thing is, Corey, brother, You doing great for yourself. You can't dodge this question because y'all guys don't never answer this question. What question? What Question? What question? Okay, I'll say it again. Have you ever been penetrated or penetrated a man in any way? Whoa, Corey. What? You know what? That's a, that's a, that's that's a question that only your fan base will be entertaining Trying to dodge.


See, you ain't ready to talk to me for real. I know your problems. What? I said No, no, No sir. You, he asked you the question. No sir. Not at all. No sir. You are the one you saw how I answered it right away. You had to build up the courage to lie. No I did. No, I had to hear what the fuck you said. And that's the, You heard all the I said fellas, Hey dude, but look blow as up. I ain man, man. But I'm telling you it's dangerous when you see people, if you start disrespecting them, man, I'm a comedian. Ain ain't no gangster. But I'm saying like in lifes, if you disrespect men it can go real bad real fast because everybody, And guess what Cory?


And guess what Cory, you ain't the only person with that logic. And guess who else get it? You said the right word. You ain't, you not talking to no suck. You act like you talking to a that ain't been through that don't got relationships. I don't know what this notion of you talking this and you said something he wouldn't have been able to, but you Already lied to me. Do you know who I know in New York who hang with you? I know how you move and you lied and say you don't move like that. You, you probably dope sick right now. I I ain't mad at you for that. But I'm saying if you ain't got the courage to say who you are, you probably not gonna get along with me. You know what? Okay, you know what?


I'm not gonna let you tell me who I am And you have You, you got listen, You have Your audience and they love That you talk about And it don't matter what you say. You in a controlled environment, you do the podcast, they gonna say whatever. You in an environment with those people. Everybody don't think like you, you got your percentage of people that think like you the rival, all that. But I'm not the only person that don't think half did you say shit. And when I said on it, y you are a provocateur, you Are. That's your word. That's probably the biggest word you know because you say it too much. You said that about a lot of people. I said when It applies, that's no big word GI Applies people and what you do and you know how toand it, you know how to move the needle.


You Know what you say. This is what I'm gonna do. Half this shit, I, I got here. Did you say I'm like for what? I'm gonna start start spending money on industry. We gonna find out all this stuff I asked you remember you said you don't do it. Remember you said you don't do it. I'm gonna hire somebody to follow you money. Old story crazy. Y'all crazy man. We trying to, we trying to put a nah this ain't the breakfast club where him and Les sitting there talking without me being there. This is me here and I'm, I'm just, I'm I'm not even, I I'm not being aggressive. I'm just asking you questions. I ain't mad at you because, but why you asking me if he gave some s something if he got some, they had nothing to do with nothing, nothing to do with nothing.


Hey man, there's a picture of him sitting between the legs and po Ah, that's a good joke. We, It's a joke About that is we already talked About is am I lying on you? What I, I already explained. Listen man, explain. Yeah, I already explained, I explained stop it though. That's I, I explain. I explained that situation, I explained that situation, I explained that trip and everything. But you know if you want, if that's the narrative you wanna do, I don't give a fuck and I didn't even care about talking to you. Now it don't like you say it don't mean nothing to you. It's a lot of things I wanna react to. I don't do it. I say I let that do his thing, do the thing, I do my thing. That's it. And like you say, nothing is off limits. I do consider certain things off limits and if you wanna sit up here and tell everybody but you don't care about what nobody think about you.


That's where your honesty come from. But If you, well I didn't say, did I say I don't care what nobody think about me. I don't know it matters. But I'm saying like with you it's always been envy because I'm the guy that ain't ain ain't with Dave Chappelle traveling nor you with Dave Chappelle because you great to open you a opener. You don't close out tours and stuff like that. They be like, yeah put put him on. Let him go up there and say something in the beginning. Lemme alright I'm gonna let you talk. I'm not gonna yell. Yeah, okay. You like the little preacher that just start out. They let him go up there and say something for the main preacher. Go up raise hand for going home with the money. I'm gonna Be smart to raise my hand. Guess what?


I don't open for anybody. What? You ever see me listen to what I'm saying? Who did you just say you don't open for anybody? Do you wanna what I'm saying? I said I don't open for anybody. I ain't gonna open for you. I ain't gonna open for nobody on that. Do I open for Dave Chappelle? Yes. He just said you don't open for nobody. What's wrong with you? You listening? You know what? You not listening. What? I said I just Heard him say it anyway. I ain't mad at you dude. Lemme ask this Question. I don't open for just anybody. I missed the word. Oh okay. You fixed it. I'll give you that. I missed The word and I headline. I do my own thing. I don't do these. I ain. I ain't doing all these packages shows I don't do my doing sometimes, but I do nice for myself.


I do my for everybody. But I'm saying You say yo, yo, what is for everybody? My comedy and my show Ain't none of us for everybody. I, I done had nights where I piss off people but I could stand on it 'cause it worked for me. You can't say you for everybody. What happened at the comedy store? What? What'd you say? Yeah, at the comedy store it was all over the internet. It was a bad night. Right. Guess what? The comedy store, I embodied your personality Once Y'all just have a battle. Y'all just have a battle man. A standoff a slam battle. Or did they do that?


I suggest, I've suggested that. Ooh, you called him out. She was bitching. You was bitching Corey, he called you out. Man, If I thought he was a strong comic I would go for it. But Comedy, comedy wars, let's go. For some reason We got the money for Some reason. For some reason Mr. Holcomb don't understand and it don't even matter what I do on stage. You could put the narrative out there, me and everything. Not that has ever come to my show. Call it death. So if it's a battle, if it's a whatever it is. Whatcha ain. Ain't scared of that. So lemme ask you a question. I know you lemme between legs at a swimming pool.


Yo. Come on man. That's what did Yo, come on man. What the come Between the nigga legs at the pool? Come on man. You talking about the battle talking on That Open for You. Yo, come on man. This bitch I say this, I'll say this. I'm still it joke. No, But listen, He over there stressing out. Where y'all gonna have a battle man, Have a heart attack man you got that dope. Your sister. Hey d you gotta have a battle with this boy. He can't battle me man. It is like, I ain't saying this to be disrespectful. He's not that stronger comic. If he was, I'd be like oh that might be, first of all, you ain't gonna tell Dave Got open it up.


He ain't that stronger comic. You tripping. That's what, that's why Dave, Dave is not going to have no monsters open up for him. You tripping. He's a monster. You know what, he's a monster. You said, You said Don a monster? Yeah, he's a monster. His comedy Is his opinion though. I get it. Yeah. So I ain't arguing that. But not to my craft. If You, if they closed abortion cleans down and got this stuff together, have some morals and some respect to himself, you wouldn't have a show. Hey that's a big bitches. You're funny off the misery and the trauma of Nobody Wants to hear that. You talking about I agree.


If it wasn't with daddy issues, you wouldn't have a show. I agree. And if it weren't for them uppers you had to take to be up. We before he answered the phone, you, Y'all think it's crazy. Go fast off Y'all crazy man. Y'all, y'all need to really get together man and do something man together. No, it ain't nothing because he, he get disrespectful man. I Know how he get man I think we can work together. I'll say this, you know this is and you like your character. You said it even bars to gangsters. No women and children. I ain't gonna go with this. When you say nothing is off limit and you say a motherfucker, the person that he had a kid with and even that kid.


If that's not off limits to you, nigga, what did I Say about your kid? I ain't that type of now Sir, you ex you, you, you put some, it don't even matter. I ain't going for the Shit. Right. You ran outta again. You dunno what you, you said you remind me of a braw. You just say something and then when somebody said, what did he say? You be like dunno, he said something though. You know you Remind me, you remind me of a bitch A bb. He remind you of a BB bitch. Shoulda was will be a big bitter. Y'all crazy man. Y'all gotta stop In the club. You like an old strip. You was that's a good one.


That's a good one. And every once in a while a fucker throw you something But you gave me like it Used. And what you keep doing is reliving your past. When are you gonna Be somebody else get it up. Alright man. So next time you see Dave, man tell him I ain't mean no harm. I just was saying what I saw I got so now guess what? And then you go on stage before the real people do. I wouldn't, I would not even give you the pleasure of mentioning your name to him son. For what? Well He mentioned my name. He said I was one of the top comics in the game. We got it on video where him and Chris Rock was at the homie show. My name get mentioned anyway.


Your name get mentioned when it, when it's talking about opening, I do Believe that at pools and on stage. What you A swimming pool opener. That's, You didn't even make it after that. You still out here. A lot of lemme tell A lot of, a Lot of your peers. Hey man, if I went to the pool party, I'd be rich y'all. That's all I'm saying man you gotta get some for that man. Hold up. You'll never get, sometimes people just let you over.


Crazy. Guess who laughing crazy stick. I'm talking about facts. You, you talking hypothetical. Y'all just need to do a battle man. Don't be, he said between a nigga. No ain ain't gonna coach out that. Listen. Was that before or after? Listen, y'all need to do a battle. Y'all just need to battle it out. Can we let the fans, can we pay for this shit? I say this, you said this Corey, you said this, you said Dave Chappelle said you was one to top five. The interesting thing about that, a lot of your peers feel the same way about you. I'm selling on platforms. Your style, how you do it, how you can have people on the edge and you bring them back. I said that and a lot of peers respect you on that.


But there's pH of respect is the, you say to instigate that don't nobody give a other than you bring it Up. Respect. I wouldn't have never spoke to you if you wouldn't have yelled out. So I used to speak to you just outta respect. But then after you did that thing at the, at the, at the comedy, the lab factory, that's when I was like, oh that jealousy came out. But it happens to me a lot. So I ain't mad at hey y'all, it ain't nothing. So Hold, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. No, wait. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Fellas Wanna say this Corey. Corey lemme say this please. The funny thing about you saying the jealousy when I look and I heard you say it before I look at my idea, I want You to, you look at what?


Explain. Please tell Me what, please tell me what does donne rolls have to be jealous of Cory Hogan for? I'm just trying to say that I I Got hair. You got what? I got hair. Alright. I'm just saying stupid because I ain't mad at you. Dude, you, it seems like it's getting too intense with you. The, the on the side of your mouth die. Shit. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. You know what? You and Les should have a battle that's more of a, that's more of a even battle. If y'all went on stage, you might beat her but not by that much. Stop Calling her less on this show her name Jess. I'll be, I'll be so glad when people say less like me. It is just, it's less. No it's Jess, it's less Man.


Alright, that's it. Y'all gonna have a battle man. Stop. Good luck to you brother. Thank you man. Tell that brother you love you man. I ain. I'll be lying if I said that. I wish him well in life. There you go. I really do. I don't have no hate for him. Thank you man. Good luck dog. We gonna get, We gonna get a, we gonna get a stripper pole for you Cory and just relive your past. Still spinning around you was running around. You was a Chippendale huh? Whatever he Was in Chippendale. That's, I just realized that's crazy. We was strippers back. I just realized they ganging up on me. Ain't none got no hair. I got three. Yeah, I do hate, I don't like people with hair. I be jealous Durag and I can't, I don't like that hair.


I take, I take, I take friends And family over here. Any day you can take all the, Yeah, okay man. You don't know nothing about my life dude. I know about your life. I see you walking out there with your little boy you had with the other breed. Yeah. That hurt didn't it? You don't like yourself Daw. You ugly. I got, I got Guess what? You ugly. I ask you this question. You ugly boy. If you had on a tuxedo, you look better in a jogging suit. It look like you supposed to have on the jogging suit. If you had on a tuxedo, the police would be like, you up. Yo, yo. Y'all should have a roast off right now. Go ahead. I'm just saying I ain bad Go. Lemme say this.


Can I say this? Yeah. Since you Are roasting, You judge me on my physical appearance. So you judging the man. So you agree with me. That's all I wanted. Now I want Nigga, I ain't never gonna say I was pretty, what I'm saying is Who you Think is fine and who could get it from you Corey? Since I'm ugly. Who? The fine s you know, tell me who fine. I don't know. Fine. S like you, you sitting the pool between they legs But you know ugly, but you Know, fine. I do know some other, No. What about the fine ones then? You gotta compare to something. Who pretty to you? I, I have never called a man. Fine. Damn. I, I don't know what you looking about? What you called Ugly? Oh who handsome. Who's good Looking to, okay, there you go. Yeah, yeah.


Who's you say some I know some handsome gentlemen. What's going on? Handsome gentlemen? Who is it? He who? But you said do you know Fine, fine. I'm like nigga, what the fuck is you talking about? I don't know. A fi you know, fine. This, this, this. When you have a honest conversation, Hey boy, I'm about to send you some swimming trunks to try to get to the end of this dog. That Was a Bad, I'm sending you pool We from now on. This Nigga's crazy And I'm Sitting crazy and I'm sending them, I'm sending you one of them duck. They be sitting on in the pool and I'm sending, I'm sending, I'm sending money back to them. Last three shows when people walked out and left your show. I what? They walked outta the Show.


Hey man, look, I-I-I-I-I whatever you say, I'm, I'm trash. I'm trash in California. I'll be, I'll be in, I'll be in New York on the 14th of May. I was California. Come to the show and open up California. How does California It al I always rip even the show you talking about. I rip. I'm superman. I say that but run with it. You and the guys. I know you back Doria boy. Remember I told you I know. You just don't wanna admit You got your audience trained. You say you ain't never been with a man before You got, man. I'm not. That's the ignorant, I'm not even entertaining. I'm trying to give you a chance to just say it. So before these receipts come out, When, when you, when you Crazy, I'm giving you a Chance.


Crazy, crazy. Keep manipulating. Alright. Thank y'all for the peace. Thank You brother. Man, y'all, y'all can do it. Y'all man, y'all. This is crazy man. Y is crazy. I ain't never said nothing outta pocket today until he said something to me. Shit. I'm Trying to figure out what he said. I'm on stage. He, he yelling at while I'm on stage. That ain't how you do that. And what'd he say? He got up outta there quick too. He got up outta there quick. Not like I be on that, but I'm just saying I was what need to go. What? You can't, you can't say nothing but somebody on stage. I don't know how to go, what was the etiquette? I'm saying like, you know he just started yelling out while I was on stage. Like what the fuck is that?


He supposed to be a comedian. Oh. So you can, it is etiquette that you don't do that. I think it's etiquette. I don't go inside the comedy club. I normally stand outside the comedy club 'cause I know I don't have the patience to sit and watch a lot of shit that goes on on stage. And I don't wanna be disrespectful. But to get to the comedy club, don't you have to be a certain level of talent To do what? Get get inside there. Like to get on the stage. You don't, you gotta be a certain level. Like what is the, You don't have have to be talented to get on stage no more at one time. You have to be talented. Damn. I Love the comedy club. You talking about LA If you, You got numbers on the internet, you can get on stage. Oh, okay. Anybody who got numbers can get on stage. Yeah. And most of Sell drinks.


Yeah. Most of them ain't funny. They just, some had a viral moment and got a bunch of followers at one time. Ain't that real? And They ain't funny though. Who, who The knew who the new people coming up that you like. That's funny. I like my guy Bubba Duck. You know what I'm saying? I but look man, when it I I I don't wanna yell out all them guy. I think Mojo Brooks is going to be good. I I I don't like putting them guys on the spot and calling them internet comics. You don't have to. No, I said popping right now. New ones. I ain't say internet. I'm just saying just popping right now. Oh. Who, Who, who I think is Funny Young coming up? Yeah Man, this this one kid man. I watched him one time and he was funny but I was like, all that must have been a good day.


Then I saw him again the other day and I was like, oh, this is the truth. Hey man, what's that dude name? Henry Coleman. His name is Henry Coleman. Where He from? He's originally from Memphis, but he living out there in LA now. Oh. He Funny. He be like, I had this wine for it. You you seen him before? He He, I know. See I, I don't, I don't, I don't if if I say you funny, it's because you done passed the hard test. He not mild. This is a funny comic. Yeah, I remember when he was on the show, I did a show and he, it was a big show. I didn't see him 'cause I never showed up early to watch the comics. So most of the time when I see somebody it'd be like, oh this is, this is a breath of fresh air.


You know what I'm saying? This dude funny man. Yeah, funny. Henry Coleman Shout out to him Man. Yeah. And it ain't like I gotta worry about when y'all see him, if y'all gonna be like, all right, let's see this. Fuck it be he be bringing it. Yeah. In fact, when I call people funny, guys who know me get mad, you know what I'm saying? The comics who know me, I'll be like, well how can I win? That's him. Here we Come. Okay. No, this, I thought it was somebody else. Yep. That's him. Hell yeah. Is he on the show in Montana? Well, One thing we ain't going to do, we ain't gonna squash No more beefs with this nigga. I, I got him opening up. But see he ain't gonna be opening up after he get his recognition. This a closer.


Right. He can go up after anybody from what I saw. Yeah. You get what I'm saying? And this is like the greatest accomplishment I can give a comic. I saw him a couple of times. I was like, oh fucking funny. The real deal. I love to see talented people back in the day they used to have talent scouts that go out and search for talent. Now they go out and search for numbers. You get what I'm saying? So a lot of times the people get the people who popular, not the people who talented. So yeah, he's one guy. It's, it is probably about five guys I can name that's out there that everybody don't know that they should know. Yeah. Because they worth the ticket ticket to go behind. Well name 'em.


Well it was another girl who I saw and every time I see her she'd be funny. I think her name is Paris. What's her last name? Sasha. Paris. Sasha Paris. Sasha. I think the world should see Her's. What's up? Because she does her, she and she's true to herself. 'cause I think she a girl who mess with girls and a comedy has a lot of that in that. And it's like comics who really ain't, they they have the courage to speak on who they are. People who have the courage to speak on who they are. They come across better to the public because then the public can let their guard around them if you ain't shy to talk about your flaws. Yeah. We can't be shy to talk about our flaws.


We need that comradery amongst each other. And when you find somebody who can do it on stage and be funny with it, man, it's, it's catchy. You know what I'm saying? I think those are the people who really need to be put out here like comics like that. If I did a list, 'cause we, we try, we trying to put some little tour together like that over at the guys who work with me at the Coin Academy where I do my show. And I was telling one of the guys over there, this guy named Macka about a couple of these comics because they need to be seen. Yeah. These are the people who need to be seen a lot of times on the, I don't like to say names like the, you know you go on the flicks and you watch comics, it's the comics that's plugged with the agents.


The agents can get you a special because it's all a network. No, I did, I did. I did see some people that wasn't quite, it's my type of funny 'cause my funny is like, like Funny Mike Epps funny. That's that funny. I like that real funny. Yeah. Get it can can't nobody take nothing away from Mike Epps. Man. Mike Epps used to be able, we used to be in New York taking the subway to the rooms where I call, I used to call 'em. Oh this one of them Jamaican rooms. Yeah because they, they don't really take kindly to the Yankee boys unless they talented, you know what I'm saying? And I actually like that Y'all was running around doing sets together? Yeah, we was running around doing sets together. Me and Mike Epps, Tony Robs, I mean me and Tony.


Robs was hanging out for five days in a row. Just going up different broads house. We know I knew a girl who stayed in Jersey and I had him with me and she was like, come on y'all. And I think she used to do that off the potential of me as a comedian. Yeah. So that's when you and Tony was homosexual? Yeah. Boy. Yeah, Whatever. All I was Staying up at people cribs. Tony Was with me for four, five days in a row. Ain ain't seen A shot. Tony was home One day. Y You was a home. Tony was homeless. He ain't take no shower, no nothing. He had to, Tony had to go live with him in the That's crazy. Tony just Tony. Tony was a floater. Tony Was a floater. Real talk. But it ain't no dis when you trying to make it as a comedian man doing It. I don't, Tony Once a week ain't nothing guaranteed.


No matter how funny you are. That don't mean you gonna pop. You Know what's crazy? Tony was only washing once a week. Huh. Damn. You know what's crazy? Huh? This was back in the early nineties though. Joking. Tony was watching once about Listen part, you know it's a difference between tv funny and standup funny. I go to this show one time. Right. It was in Philly. Shout out to Toray. He was hustling and everything. And I seen Bill Bella, d Ray Davis in that joint. Man. They had me laughing under the fucking chair, man. Yes sir. I didn't know Bill was that funny man. It didn't, I didn't even know D Ray was that. 'cause you know I'm just seeing him on tv d the, the way they would build the shit up, it was like a buildup.


They kept getting funnier, funnier, fun. And they'd be calm. I was like, is monsters. Hmm. I didn't, you know what I mean? I didn't, I was just like, damn, hold on. Wait you with them? I love both of them guys. All I just, you gotta make sure with him. Yeah, he Z come out somewhere. If I don't like him, I would say he was, I love both of them guys. S man they was just, they was just like, bill was just like, and then, you know like hearing that I'm like you you Talking about Bill like You No, I'm just saying it was, it was, it was, it was the hell of a comment. Like Bill was fine. No, no.


Darnell think Bill is fine. Bill because Bill, he's Bill, bill. He Did Bill. Bill just was Bill. No, he killed that joint. Man. I was like, because I, I like this about Bill the most. Bill is the type of guy, he tries to be a good person to people. I think that about Bill, bill had that activated for 30 years though. He had the who? That activator and his shit. Oh yeah. Bill, I ain't gonna bill because I, He had the Jerry Curl. He was one of the first dude with the Jerry Curl box. Like that was Like, why y'all making me wanna Say something slick to, to Bill. He had the Jerry Curl box that's shout out to Bill. Like we gotta get Bill on the show Man box. We gotta get Bill on the show. He was the first one to J with a JB with a jcb.


They call it the JCB Jerry Box. Jerry Box The jcb. That's, but he was hell of Guy. He had players club. He was that Guy. He was that guy. He was the Guy. The J girl box. He did he stupid. No, he was really that guy in real life though too. Yeah. Come on man. I I mean like he was that Guy. I, I'm in la I I know Bill. Bill was running around doing him. He was playing be out there. Bill still be out there on his own nigga with JCBA. JCB Jerry curlBOX. That's stupid. Yeah. I ain have heard that Jcb. What, Going back, You ain't finished jc, He had a J ccb Man J He wasn't well he thought he was, he wasn't thought he was a r and b singer back in the day, minute at large.


I'm so My name Mike Large. He was what? Oh. All the activated shit dripping down this. I had a girl at one time. I was a young Boy. Did you have a JC B though? I I know I ain't never had the courage to cut it into a box when I was young I cut my hand to a box when I was like heading toward 30. What you Had, you just had A, just had the nightclub with the shirt button down. Lemme tell you had a couple chains Finger waves. Like what? You had the curl? I used to have a, I used to have a low ball fade. I was, You curl up but what the juice up did you have? Oh, when I had the jerry curl I was like in grammar school. Was You just, the shit was the shit lightened your shirt.


Your shirt collar was, It wasn't right. It wasn't curly everywhere. It wasn't But was it wet though? It was about the juices. It Had some wet in it too. Yeah. Okay. Up some pillowcase. Okay. See yeah, it was a real one. Did you have, did your neck ever turn green from the chain? No, 'cause I used to sell slum. Okay. You used to sell that S SL on Okay. He was selling the fake jewelry. I wasn't wearing that. Hell yeah boy. We used spend so much money selling that fake jewelry down there. You know you go to the little touristy area, they don't even care if it's fake. We pay $3 for it. They, I give $40 for it all motherfucker. You Know what I'm saying? We shit say I'm slum. Man you gotta show AC tonight man. We appreciate you for pulling up.


Yeah, the toys jump. How the tour going man, y'all gotta, y'all listen y'all, y'all strong. It's a lot of comics that go up. Yeah. So it's a little different. I'm used to being like, all right, put two three of the motherfuckers up there and gimme the bike. But now it's a you, it's a collaborated effort. Y'all In a big, y'all in a big facilities too. Yeah. Yeah. I love it. But I'd Like to see you collaborating more man. Yeah. I try to collaborate more. You need To be more of a people's person man. I think I am. I think I'm man not On the phone. You said you still sitting in between. You did but we know did you know facts can hurt people's feelings. Fuck you don't, we don't even know Nothing about that. So that shit just, Y'all know nothing about that. No. So that shit just sound like the crazy just came outta left field from nowhere.


No, no. It don't matter that this number in your phone now I understand. I'm gonna show you something. Ain ain't mad at I ain't bad. I ain't mad at darn them man. I just, I just need him to know. Oh man you can't do that man. Don't, don't yell out at me while I'm on stage and you a comedian man. 'cause that, that'll get me fired up. You Never did that to Nobody. I don't do that to people. That's why I stand outside. You know I used to be in the comedy clubs, I used to laugh at people but I laugh after they crack a joke 'cause we say something stupid afterwards. Me and my guy. Yeah. Like they joke and just be like hood. Then we'd be like Yeah but your hat funny. Didn't you know, I realized maybe I'm disrespecting the room so I just stand outside.


Oh okay. I don't like to watch comics work because most of 'em ain't, they can't grab my attention that long. I so I just stand outside. But he was looking for clout. He kept yelling out Dave Chappelle and all like that. Dave Chappelle ain't said nothing to me. That's what he said. Dave Chappelle he was, was acting like he was taken up for Dave Chappelle. Man, Dave Chappelle ain't said nothing to me. Dave Chappelle ain't gonna say nothing about me. 'cause the truth is Dave Chappelle is on a whole nother atmosphere and he would bring himself down by going back and forth with me. But what I said, I gave Dave Chappelle all his flowers. I say man he's a great actor. Every time he's in a movie he always stands out and everything.


But I'm saying like when he just be working out at the comedy clubs, it'd be kinda dry. It'd be kind of dry for about, he didn't stand up there for two, three hours and it just be like he just up here just talking. 'cause he Dave Chappelle and he got the clout to do that. The club don't be like get that off the stage because it's Dave Chappelle. So I said something about that and you know it kicked up a storm. But mainly with the little guys who looking for clout. Dave Chappelle ain't gonna say nothing about me. If I ever met Dave Chappelle, I would tell Dave Chappelle look brother I, in a way I wish I wouldn't have said what I said but I got respect for you as a man.


Ain ain't, I ain't out here talking crazy to Dave Chappelle man I just, he do be up there for a long time and it'd be, it'd be dry. He dry. So my daughter finally said something 'cause it was the night at the improv where something was happening on stage where he brought people on stage. It was, it was something to do with some controversy with, I forgot what the controversy was but everybody was like, Cory come On. You don't even know how the fuck you there. Yeah because I don't normally go in. Right. I be standing outside talking about outside. It got to the point where in front of the comedy club, everybody used to come to the comedy club for the show that go on after the comedy club is over. 'cause we just be out there talking about each other shit.


Yeah. Hey, Well man I appreciate you for pulling up man. Appreciate You man. Man, mother, I'm so glad y'all had me come up here man. Man this was a weird interview with the Don Hell thing. But that nigga's gonna be big Elle Danelle. Y'all. Y'all pieced it out man. Y'all Be all talking about I think it's gonna be big. Yeah. Crazy. You look legs at the pool with the crazy going on. But yo no I'm saying man I ain't, I so you don't go to pool. Just wanna say this for myself man. I don't like to kick up dust with people but a lot of times when you speak from the heart you kick up dust with people. Hmm. I guess I'm supposed to be phony the whole time. That's why I ain't in Hollywood. Like I would be if I decided to just put my mask on for a year.


I believe if I just really set court, just shut the up. Yeah. Home. Grab one of these agents and see what that do for you. It would, it would, it would be good. 'cause when I was doing that, that was on Jay Leno. Jay Leno took a liking to me. He had me out there doing his man on the street stuff. It was, it was going good. It's just, it's, it's, it's a different atmosphere in Hollywood. Damn You. You could make it outside of Hollywood though. You Can. That's what I'm doing. Hollywood. I got the, I got the goat path that the 300 soldiers went through the back. I'm doing that. I'm my own man and I never worry about what comes with it because I believe, you know what I'm saying? Everything I'm supposed to get, I'm gonna get anyway.


I don't even chase things that I should be chasing more because for some reason I always say to myself, I think it's just going come to me one way or another. So when if do that weakness, I need to chase that. Chase that bread more. I mean anything that's meant for you gonna find you Though. It's definitely gonna find you. You know what I mean? Yep. We appreciate you man. Appreciate you having this funny a crazy interview man. Yeah. This Was some crazy Man. Man this is me and Osworth a game. This is COREY HOLCOMB. And it's just like right Darnell, you ain't shit.