
Hey Million dollars worth. Of game listeners You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right?


What if the golf ball you're playing isn't the number one ball for you? Meet the all new TP five and TP five X from TaylorMade. Whether you prefer the softest five layer tour ball in the TP five or the fastest, that's now a half a club longer in TP five X, you'll be playing a golf ball that performs like it was built just for you. Available in white, yellow and picks. You can personalize it with my symbol no matter which you choose. Every TP five. TP five x is designed to help your game. Head to Taylormade golf.com today to find the number one ball for you.


Say hi to Can Social Tonics Can Social Tonics spikes their seltzer with weed. Each can is bundled with five simple clean ingredients to deliver the perfect buzz. And a buzz that doesn't backfire can comes in three award-winning flavors. Blood, orange, cardamom, lemon, lavender, and grapefruit. Rosemary can comes in a variety of doses for every drinker, ranging from two milligrams to five milligrams of THC. Head to drink can.com. That's drink CAN n.com. And use code Barstool 20 for 20% off your order of can. and a free roadie six pack sampler can is not for use or purchased by persons under the age of 21. Can products contain less than 0.3% Delta nine THC that is derived from hemp Do not claim to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and have not been evaluated or approved by the FDA.


A You're now tuned into Yes, Min Million dollars. mworthofgame Listen. man, we out here wearing Pittsburgh. Man. It's a Pittsburgh edition man. We got two brothers right here, man. Two brothers. Man, it was a great day today. We did something great for the community, making it happen. I mean, we got, you know, you see what's going on? Miles saying as a K booby Miles, we got him. DAMAR HAMLIN, AKA buzzer beat. A three point game winner, buzzer, beat, beat charity game. You know what I'm saying? It is like, you know, he did knock this shit down. He knocked it down for the, for the perfect angle, knocked it down. We gonna get right to a, so God is good.


Yes sir. You understand it's a blessing that you here with us, man. It could have went any other way, but God had bigger plans for you. You here. But I'm just so thankful to be here in Pittsburgh with y'all and y'all giving back to y'all community. As you know, a lot of times we come up at You Know, we come from a place the ghetto, where a lot of times people forget, they forget the community once they come up. Y'all two, I'm talking about great players in the NFL. Why is it important to come back to y'all community and bring so many people together? Man, it was so, it was so many people today. It was just like, it was beautiful.


You know, why is it important? Man, I'll start, I'll say that's just what I was raised on. Like my mom, she always was, she was the community center lady. She worked at the BJWL Center. You know, my dad was hosting Feed the Hood days for the communities, putting the a a u teams together. So like it's in my blood low key to like give back to the community. 'cause the people is what make you who you is. So, you know, just from me starting out in general, you know, I always wanted to get in position to give back to the community. And then, you know, on my journey, me and Booby You Know, we just kind of had the same hearts. You Know, we had the same genuine hearts and we love to bring people together. You know what I'm saying?


All aspects of, of whatever we got going on. So Pittsburgh, it ain't, it ain't much positivity going on. You know what I'm saying? And we know that and we travel the world. We go to different places and we, we see the world You. know what I'm saying? Right. But it is important that You know what I mean. We come back here and bring people like y'all to the city. Like I'm seeing my timeline. I'm going down my mom's phone. Just seeing people that's posting, getting to take pictures with y'all, they life me. Like they, they gonna talk about that for the rest of 2024 You know what I mean. So to give people those moments of experiencing the joy that the entire world can bring You know what I mean. I think that's, that's worth anything that I can have for real, for Miles Said something important during the, the game I seen, you know, I'm always alert and paying attention to stuff.


I seen the, you know, different crowds and brothers at Miles said, you know, today in Pittsburgh's it was like some, some people seeing each other and it could have went a different way, but out of respect for y'all and what y'all was doing, some people pieced it up, you know, you know, how did that go about Miles and how do you feel about that? It, it is real big to me. Like I said, 'cause you know, as, as I do what I do, I'm a NFL football player, I, I try not to, you know, I'm not involved into stuff like that. But of course being in a city like this, you, you just growing up into, into that type of stuff, you, you know what's going on still. And I still got friends and you know, I still know people, you know, that still go all type of stuff just like everybody else.


You know, it's not as big as Philly. Nowhere near as big as Philly. But this, but this city, it is wicked. It is really wicked You know what I'm saying? So, but, but I could say hats off to to, to everybody that, that came and showed love today. 'cause I pay attention to everything. Just like Wallo said, like I was paying attention, just making sure you know what I'm saying? Just and outta respect to us. And I could tell everything was smooth and I already had talked to people You know what I'm saying? So, but today was definitely big. How, how important is brotherhood in, in the NFL? Because I see it was a lot of people that, that wish they could have been here. There was all in your comments like, damn bro, I wish I came.


Like, but, and it seemed like it's a brotherhood going on, you know, with people connect from different teams and the, and the brotherhood lasts longer. Outlasts, you know, outlast the trades and everything. How, how, how important is that? I think that's extremely important. For real, for real. Like football, the greatest sport in the world, You know what I'm saying? Because of the brotherhood that it breeds You know what I mean. My brother right here, I I met him because of the game of football. Closest, closest thing to life, man. This, this game right here will teach you everything. You go through so many different emotions and it's, it is always like this in this league, man. I feel like it's not no other league. Like it's, it is the closest thing to life. I mean, I mean it's, I mean sports period, you know, have, have they ways.


But I think football genuinely, you just build a brotherhood. You, you out there going to war. I mean, football is the only sport out here where like the, you know, well, not to say the only, but a lot of times the money ain't fully guaranteed. You know, you hear, oh, such and such time for such and such and he got 90 million, but 45 million was guaranteed. And they going to load it in to the back half his contract. 'cause they probably gonna know they gonna let you go after year four. So, you know, being in the NFL was a dirty game. And every year they, they trying to draft somebody to come in at a cheaper rate to take your spot.


So, And my position is, yeah, they do us dirty, but I'm, I'm scared. Philly. Did you, you dirty? I'm gonna speak on it. Well, Hold on. Let me say this. Let me say this. I I am, I am blessed. I am blessed to be a Carolina Panther for sure. Absolutely. And I'm happy for Saquon. I'm happy for Josh. All the running backs, you know, Chris, Chris shout out to cmac. He just got paid too. It is like finally showing us the respect that we, we deserve. 'cause we do a lot, you know what I'm saying? But Let everybody know I'm a number one die hard Philadelphia Eagles fan. They did you dirty. I'm not gonna hold back. I'm gonna keep it real. They did you dirty, bro. 'cause You, Know, we used to talk during the season. I'm like, dog, don't focus on none of that stuff.


Just focus on your job. Focus on being a good teammate. Focus on going to work, being professional. The the money going to come. Yeah. And for you to do all of that, have your best year. And they didn't sock it to your pocket like a rocket. I felt like it was a little up. Yeah. I'm just keeping it real. That's the nature of the Business. But yeah, this, this sport is a business man. I mean, that's what I had to, had to realize, you know? And you learn, learn it, the the, the crazy way. You know, like, learn it the Huawei. So Now you in Carolina, cool, you in Carolina, you, you happy? But how important is it?


Because to me, if I was a player getting drafted the team that drafted me, I would have some type of emotional connection to him. I just know me because it was like, okay, y'all took a chance on me. Then I'm doing my, what time of life, I'm doing my thing. So y'all took a chance on me. I'm doing my thing. I really want to be here because y'all took the chance on me. I'm doing my thing, everything. But then it's like, nah, we gonna go in a different direction. How that make you feel? Just being honest, Honestly, broke my heart. Broke my heart. You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna be honest with y'all. You know, Gilly, you know, I had, I definitely, we had conversations all the time. Yeah.


You know, I got a real connection with the city of Philadelphia and the fact that my journey went the way it was, it went, you know, I'm from the city of Pittsburgh, went to Penn State and got drafted to Philly, you know, of Pennsylvania. The whole, the whole, the whole pa you know. So I wanted to retire, retire there hopefully. But you know, you know, things happens though. And I, everything, I definitely believe that everything happens for a reason. For sure. Doubt. And you just got control what you can control. So I'm blessed to be a King Lion Panther and just know, make things is coming, you Know? Absolutely. Shout out to my young and Bryce man. Seen him. We chopped up for sure. for you some game. Y'all gotta stop sleeping on my guys. No, he be, he'd be better this year. His offensive line going come through for you, man. He gonna hold up.


I believe You know what I mean. DeMar,


this episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you. Bye New. Amsterdam Vodka. Now life ain't going your way. You know what to do. Shout a New, Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your wife cheating today. You know what to do. Shout a NEW, AMSTERDAM VODKA. Oh, you thought the check was coming your way and it didn't come. Shout a NEW. AMSTERDAM VODKA it still five times. It's filtered three times for clean, crisp finish. Now you can drink it straight up. You can drink it on the rocks, juice soda. Or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. Now that's up to you. But whatever we do want to tell you when you're out and about at your local liquor store, New, Amsterdam, Vodka. Yeah. Get it to that register. Boop, get it home. Drink it the way of your choice. It's the official vodka bars through sports. So shout out to the new Amsterdam, queens. You can see we don't just front You Know. we ain't front. You can see the new Amsterdam is is right here. Yeah. So yeah. So we ain't fronting now we ain't cracked this bottle yet, you know, but this bottle cracked him. Yeah. Fish vodka bars through sports. Make sure you get you something. You sure damn vodka.


Right?


Summer is all about the freedom to have fun. Forget a vacation and take a tequila vacation with new truly tequila soda. This refreshing blend of real fruit juice from concentrate sparkling water and premium Tequila Blanco is the drink of the summer. Try all four refreshing flavors. All with 5% A BV and just 100 calories. Truly tequila soda. Keep it light hard. Seltzer beverage company, Boston, Massachusetts. Please drink responsibly.


You go through your situation. When you finally come back and you actually See what happened? What emotions come over you? Like, is it like, unbelievable? Is it like, you know, what type of emotions came up? Because I can't imagine You know what I mean. Like, yo, I was, they had me on the other side. You feel what I'm saying? And then I, I'm here now and I'm watching me basically on the other side.


When you look at the, what type of emotions did it bring on you? I'm talking about when you first, because what, when you first come back, did you know what happened? Nah, I ain't know what happened and I couldn't, I couldn't miss it. Like I fell in love with motocross. 'cause like, that was the only thing that was on tv. Besides me seeing myself You know what I mean. So when I first, you know, got back, got got my phone back, you know, that was my first time running into it and I had to stay away from it. You know, like I had to stay away from it from a little bit because I just like, it was too many emotions. It was just too soon to, you know, I still haven't really like, truly locked in to learn all of the details of everything, of what happened exactly how, because I feel like there'll be a time for that You know what I mean and I wanna let that come naturally, you know?


And I'm letting myself get back to being myself and living life. And I did that over the last year. You know, like, I did that over the last year. And like, I'm at a great point. Like I'm falling back in love with the game again. Like it was so many emotions. You know what I mean. I wanted to get as far away from the game and just appreciate living. 'cause like you said, I was outta here. Like I, I was done You know what I mean. So everything went to square zero for me. You know, like I, I, I'm, I'm all love, I'm all appreciation. I'm always staying in my peace because I, I know for surely like, you know, this shit can happen at any moment. Right? You know, I ain't go, I ain't catch that fight to Cincinnati thinking nothing about getting the win, getting our number one seed so we can get that bow week in the playoffs.


I'm like, this is the week before the last week we got the Patriots next week we finna handle, we finna handle Ci, we finna handle the Patriots. We're gonna get this bow week and we gonna roll into these playoffs and go win the Super Bowl. That was the only thing that was on my mind was crapping. So, you know, I, I definitely gained a new, a new appreciation for life for sure. When did you ask that question, doc? Am I gonna be able to play football again Asap. Like asap I woke up, I woke up, the first thing I asked was, did we win the game? So, you know, I ain't really know exactly what happened to me yet. So, you know. But you did remember something happened at the game?


Yeah, I remember. I remember, I remember at the game, You know what I mean. I remember the game, I remember stuff that was going on. You know, T boy shout out T boy, that's big bro. That was my first time. So T boy kind of been like a, a real role model for, for real. He was like the one before us to make it happen in the city. So like, I remember watching T Boy get drafted and I'm like, man, like it's possible You know what I mean. So that was my first time playing against him, you know, I sense it as a little bro, you getting to play big, bro. It's like, that was a big deal. So, you know, that was the only thing that was on my mind for real, for real was like getting a win, you know?


But once I woke up, I'm like, damn, where was I going with this? When did you pop that Question? Oh yeah. So, so boom. So as I got up, I'm like, I'm wondering what happened. So ASAP I'm like, I'm thinking all right, I might miss a week or two. You know, I'm, I'm thinking I'm gonna get ready by playoffs. So I asked the dog, I say, you think I'll be able to play by the playoffs? And he pretty much told me like, he, he ain't discouraged me, that you ain't gonna be able to play again ever. But in other words, he said, yeah, you, you like you, you probably won't play again ever. And that's when the reality of the situation of what happened to me set in.


Because I'm like, okay. Like now everything I know in life is about to get snatched away from me. Like all I, you know, I I, my mom and dad always raised me to, you know, have a plan B and do other things outside of football. So I always had multiple lanes of stuff going on. But football of my life, You know what I mean. Like football is my number one. Like, this is what I wanted to do with my life since I was a kid, was grow up, make it to the NFL play in the NFL and I'm living my dream like 2022. That was my first year starting. That was my first, like I'm consistently playing in the NFL I'm, I'm checking Miles milestones off each week.


So it's like, like, let's get it. Like I'm, I'm loving life You know what I mean. Like, I'm loving this life. I can do this forever. So, you know, having not like snatched away. And then once Doc said like, you might not pack in, I'm like, okay, like let me slow my road. Like let me really see what's going on and let me, you know, really take care of myself. What type of, for you, for you to witness that Miles, you know, the world was watching, but you know him personally, how was you like, like how did you come to the aid, you know, to keep him going? Man, first of all, the way, the way I found out, I remember watching the game and then I had to go to the store for my son and I came back and he's, I see my whole family just sitting there looking at me and I'm like, why everybody?


I'm looking at TV and I'm like, and I, I ain't speak for the rest of the night. You know, he can ask my whole family. I ain't speak for the rest of the night. I was speechless, you know? And, but like once he got back writing, you know, first of all, I never even asked him when he was going to play again. You know, like I was just making sure he, he cool, you know, I wish his brother, I wish I could have been there to at the hospital, but you know, I don't know what, what, what, I'm just happy he, he, he, he woke up before the game You. know what I'm saying? 'cause like I don't, I was thinking like, oh, I was about to back off at that game.


I ain't gonna lie. You know what I'm saying? I forgot who we was even playing that week. But yeah, but just, just supporting, you know? I just, like I said, I didn't even once asked him, when are you going to play a game? You know, just whatever you going to do bro. 'cause you blessed at the end of the day, truly blessed Outside of all that. Right? Y'all are being NFL players and I talk to a lot of players in the NFL. Go to different teams, talk to the rookies talk. How do y'all deal with the side effects of success? Because like, you have the, you know, situation. You get a lot of new friends, everybody want to come like they been rocking with you.


Your jersey sell differently. Everybody wanna it. How you know? And, and you know what's so crazy like, and I'm gonna say it,


This is your twisted Kings Taylor Lewan and Will Compton Summer is right around the corner. Nothing is better than grabbing a refreshing twisted tea cold on the rocks. It's got 5% alcohol. It is the perfect drink to turn up your summer. And you might be wondering, is this a sponsored ad? Yes. But the truth is, the boys we love, we love twisted tea. Dude, go buy it. Go drink it, drink responsibly and tell your boys to buy it as well. Let's have ourselves a hell of a summer. Oh, don't be dumb. Drink responsibly. Twisted, Tea, Brewing, Company, Cincinnati, Ohio. Please drink responsibly.


I've seen a lot of people with you. I've seen a lot of people around you, but I ain't seeing in Pittsburgh today to come to support the community. And they wasn't here this weekend when you had this thing for, you know, for the weekend. A lot of these people, a lot of faces wasn't here. Say that again. Lot of lot of y'all wasn't here. Say that again. A lot of you dudes that was around me, my brother, I don't know where y'all was having in the world, but a lot of people wasn't here. And we not talking about the people because the people of Pittsburgh was There. They showed they was there to there. That was jumping You talking about, I'm talking about athletes. I'm talking about all type of people. That was rappers, Right? I'm talking about all type of people. But You know what I did see there a lot of football players Shout out to B Mar.


She from that city too. He actually from shout Out B Mar shout out Ad Ad for sure. Ad Pulled up on us. Shout out Ad for sure. Shout out. Trade the truth. Trade the truth. My guy Right there, Right here with us. You You know what I mean. Shout my brother Molo. Shout out bro. You know what I'm saying? Everybody, you know what I'm saying? Like for real. How do you deal with it? How? Like, like, like, like, like a lot of people don't understand when success come the side effects of success and all the fake shit that go on. How do you deal with that? Let me just tell you one thing. It's been more of falling out than gaining new friends. We ain't the type that we don't hang with. We don't really hang with a lot of, like we, we cool with a lot of athletes, you know what I'm saying? But I, I can say one thing. We, we, we hang with who we know who we grew up with.


Everything. Everybody that I hang with I can say is five plus years is getting more than that though. You know what I'm saying? I think Life and it's not a lot of people. You know what I'm saying? So I think, I think throughout the journey You know what I mean. We've seen so much like people go left, people go right, people change, people flip that like, it's hard to, it feel like a waste of time almost. When you really try to like make new friends and really hang with new people consistently. You know what I mean. I'll make relationships and, but at the end of the day, like in my simplest form, I'd rather be with bro and all of my people that I hang with here in the city, You know what I mean that you'll see. Because loyalty, our values, everything to us.


You know what I'm saying? Like, I don't care what you got, I don't care what you need. I don't care what it is. As long as you loyal to me, like, and you've been with me from the, from the jump, it's all love. You know? But just having success come at you, it's like people, people expect things from you and they really only see you for the opportunity that can benefit their situation. They don't even see you about, they don't even see you as what you might have going on or what you gotta do to keep your boat rocking. They only see, okay, I gotta a connection to him. So how can I use him to leverage my situation and get where I want to go.


Where it's like, you know, there's a time and place for that. Always. Like today, that was a time and place for that You know what I mean. The people came out, it's a community event. We here for the people. But you can't, you can't live life like that. Like, and it'd be the closest friends that you would think would be a hundred percent genuine and want nothing from you. That really be the ones that that be trying to hold you back or upset that you gotta do things differently to move. How you gotta move now? We gotta How many teams in the NFL 32. How many? 32. So we got four different teams on this couch right now.


Buffalo, Panthers, Eagles and Kansas City Chiefs. The fuck me, that's my squad. Get the fuck outta here. You fucking, I'm just saying that's my squad. I thought what happened to Tampa Bay? No, no, no. You Act like go watch the show. What happened to Tampa Bay? Tampa Bay. This is what happened. Tampa Bay. That's all we do. Tampa Bay lost. And I had, and I and I, I moved out. I'm just saying man, we got 14. My team because I, I wanna know this year coming up 'cause I know, I know we gonna be there. I wanna know who else gonna be there with us. You. Know. we finna be around. Who, who Will be there? I know what that's about. A fly Eagle fly.


You know the song he you in Carolina. But you know the song. I see you in December. 1, 2, 3. You get him low. You know the song. See, you know He singing for real Fred. He said he gonna see you in December but who, who going, who gonna be there with us? I know the Eagles gonna be there. Tre Over there said Tracy said You. Know. we gonna be around, you know You. Know. we gonna be around Buffalo. Be around Buffalo going be around. Oh. H step. H step. When The last time You went to a Texas game before last year. Before CJ got there. You right. But look, you gotta get cj, you gotta get T oh oh for sure.


The boys nice. I think they definitely going. Y'all gonna be worth still was a good year. Y'all got You. know what I saying? They say the San Francisco 49 ERs are the favorite to win the 2025 Super Bowl in the now. Now they gonna be though in the Kansas City. Now I will say this. Hold up. I will say, I will say this Joe Montana from Pennsylvania. Oh Shit, Listen, Jerry Wright used to be my guy back in the day. Fuck. I'm just putting that out there right now. Marino Too. I'm just putting it out There. You talking about the No, I'm just saying like they said they might now They win. He gonna be a NIUs fan. Shut your dumb ass Up man. They have a Debo Jersey. They don't say Eagles nowhere in this joint.


Man. It Don't matter what they say. That shit don't mean nothing. No, Usually do something because they had buffalo last year. They said Buffalo was, you know they had buffalo and Buffalo didn't Do it. We fold it, we folded. Huh? We phone it. It's all right. It's all right. We going be there. Yeah, y'all and y'all lost y'all receivers. I'd rather look, I'm just, sometimes He couldn't even say nothing about that. I said, y'all lost y'all receivers. He said we did. And that is my end look because now Down in Houston, now Steph is my Steph Down in Houston. Well look at this nigga, just film this nigga. He smiling like that. Why you smiling like that? They Stack up down there. I'ma, I'ma just, I'm just, I'm gonna just be quiet, you know what I'm saying? That hurt. We gonna win more than two games. I know that. That's All it matter. Yeah.


Who the Don't just throw that out there. I just say You. know what I'm Saying? Honestly, honestly, I'm gonna tell y'all right now on here. Bryce Young is going to come back this year and he's going to ball the fuck out. You're balling watch. He's a baller bro's. He, let me just tell you something. Long as he don't start second guessing himself. Nah He Ain't Nah, then he gonna be good. That's too cool. That's my dog right there. The league is really so much about confidence and believing in yourself. Yes it is. Like it's not really about so much skill and so much what you can do better than the next person.


It's so much believing in who you are, knowing your strengths. Like believing in like what you about. Because long as you can have that confidence, like you can go out there and you've been doing this your whole life. Literally. For Real. Ain't that what I told the rookie? You always, you always say that. And, and and I believe, I believe that. It's like that dog in the neighborhood. You know that dog when you walk past the house, that dog that always run to the gate and bark at you, no matter if it's raining, snowing, two o'clock in the morning, you gotta be that dog every day, every season. No matter the weather. If you're not him like that. If you the nice dog that just want to chill, if you, you, it ain't no chill because one thing, when y'all step on that field, anybody could turn it up.


It could be anybody big day. Anybody get that touchdown? Anybody get that interception? Anybody get that sack? It's just about the energy. 'cause you could see it from, you know, nah, hold, hold. The TV do lie because Req Hill You ain't got no chance. No, because I didn't have my cleats on. It would've been different story. The fuck out is if I had my cleats Dumb ass. But when He turned it up on Turbo, I think he saying some real shit. No, I Was, he turned that shit up on Turbo. I said what the fuck does Happen? Yeah, he fast bro. Man it is d the TV be too slow. That's different speed. That's Different speed. The TV be too slow Now. Who the top and both of y'all, you know, categories. Who the top players in the game right now?


My Position Top five position? No. Y'all in y'all position In my position. Top Five, both of y'all. Your position, your position current right now? Yeah, right now. Top five. Your five is your five. You know I ain't, you know you about Your fathers, Your father? Nah, I feel about me, but I'm gonna give you my $5 like, you know Dogs. ETN He balling. Oh He balling. I like Gibbs. Aaron Jones cmac.


I like Aaron Jones too. Damn, damn, damn. Come on now you look looking at them stats. Oh shit. I gotta get 200 at this game because Oh, Christian McCaffrey. Yeah, I say, I say Christian, I was about to say, hey you, you can't leave, you can't leave no Uba trooper hundred safeties. Hmm. That's my dog Safeties. I, I admire Mekas game.


I really like Mka person. Yeah, no, Fitzpatrick, first of all. Mka, he's a D Mika. Yeah. Yeah. Who else I admire? I admire Mika Fitzpatrick's game. I watch a couple people. I've been a fan of Malik Hooker. He from, he from, he from the city too. For real. Oh, okay. Yeah. Malik from the city too. He's been watching him for a long time. I'll give you my top five like receivers. Okay. That I, that I done played against top five. Obviously Steph, seeing Steph every day, that's a different monster. Like if Steph got his cleats on, he's coming to work, he's coming to bust ass and he's talking shit while doing it. Like I gotta give him as far as every time I get, I get a chance to because he Like, he barbecue baked your ass in practice.


No, I, I I, no, Hold on. I used to hold my own. I used to hold my own. I used to hold my own. I used to hold my own. That's where I gained respect You. know what I'm saying? That's where you gain some respect. You know? I ain't the type to be like, I'll come in the building. Obviously I'm a rookie. He Steph's the man, you know, He's talking crazy to you though, in Practice. He talking crazy to me. Steph going about his Shout out to the boy, Steph, man, this Is the Yeah, shout out to the boy Steph. He going about his business for, for real. But you know, I don't want to be the all up in his face. You know what I mean. I want to earn my respect off of, off of my body at work. You know what I mean. So and so as a, as a rookie, as a young, and I'm trying to craft, you know, I'm trying to craft any opportunity I get, whether it's Scout team, I'm, I'm trying to show something, you know, it's an opportunity to make a play so you can, so I can get my respect, you know, and, and over time, you know, through that and building a relationship off the field, we You Know, we, we became really locked in.


That's, that's my big bro for sure. So I put him number one always. If he coming to put his cleats on, he's coming to bust ass Jay Jetta, shout out him. He just broke the bank. He just took the top off the roof. Literally. Shout out Jay Jettas. He different. Like he and he catching everything. He'll go up for whatever. I'm gonna put my baby bro. Jordan Addison in there too. He holding it down out there in Minnesota for surely right along with Jettas. He going, he gonna be somebody that I keep progressing.


This is your Twisted Kings Taylor Lewan and Will Compton Summer is right around the corner. Nothing is better than grabbing a refreshing twisted tea cold on the rocks. It's got 5% alcohol. It is the perfect drink to turn up your summer. And you might be wondering, is this a sponsored ad? Yes, but the truth is, the boys we love, we love Twisted Tea. Dude, go buy it. Go drink it. Drink responsibly and tell your boys to buy it as well. Let's have ourselves a hell of a summer. Oh, don't be dumb. Drink responsibly. Twisted Tea, Brewing, Company, Cincinnati, Ohio. Please drink responsibly.


Terry Hill, obviously. Like that's a, I I was just, I was hoping you did not leave the him out of there. Like I came this close to locking Him him up. Get the fuck outta Here. It is close, man. Yeah, You called the cops on. I had a busy day. You called the cops on here. That's the only even, That's a whole different monster. Yeah. So that's five of them was four. That Was, that was four. Okay. Who The fifth one. That's a plug and play. Like that's plug and play. Let me see because AJ Brown, AJ Brown, Me and AJ Brown got so much history. Me and him was on the same team at the opening together. For real? At the, at the Nike, the Nike Resort in high school.


He was on the same team. AJ Brown was, that Was My roommate. Everything has in weight. That Was my roommate for the All American game. He different For Real. He different. He play the same way now. Same way. Who else AJ can take that five. You gotta respect D Hop. You gotta respect Amari Cooper. Gotta respect Five. Five. No, come on. See you trying done that nine. I'm giving nigga 6, 5, 0 9. Man. God man. Man. Alright. I'm Stand like you want me stand on business. Who we got? You got four? Is AJ Brown one in there? He he ain't put CD Lamb in there. CD up there.


I'm just saying five. Don't try to make it up. Don't beat. He's making it up too much. He doing too much. No, he's cut off. Eh, he got his five now. Now you're coming outta high school right now? No, a year ago. You're coming outta high school. There's no nis. See, there's no nis. You are only visiting three colleges. You're going to see Urban Myers, you're going to see Nip Saban and you're going to see Coach Prom in Colorado. What team you going to? What team you what See what hat you putting on? Ain't No question Prime. I'm going to, we gotta Say last name. We going to Colorado.


Why? But why outside of outside of prom being black outside. Why you going to go give a prom? Look what He's doing. The type of man he is, you know what I'm saying? Everything he stands for as a, as a human being. You know, outside of, outside of what he is for the culture, outside of who he was as an athlete. What he stand for as a, as a a man that put his pants legs on how everybody else do and put his right foot in front of his left and walk. I'm going to go play for him You. know what I'm saying? Like, I, I wanna model my life like that. When I get that age, you know, I wanna live like that. You, you know what I'm saying? I wanna be a man of God. I want to, I I don't know if y'all be, I don't know if y'all be tuned in with his son be doing with the videos and stuff, but I wa I man I be so bored at home.


I I watch all them videos on YouTube just like I'll watch y podcast. But like, you watch the, like you watch the team meetings. Like he teaching him grown man stuff. Like he's, he's not playing no games with them. You know what I'm saying? You mess up in class. He's a next meeting. Just know if you did something in class next meeting, you gonna get caught out on it. You know what I'm saying? It is not Keep happening. I done been there. I done been there six, seven times. Shiloh, take that jersey off. Come on. Get him outta here man. He ain't got no pics. No for real Shiloh, come on. I'm saying you better respect it Because he like, he like if I tell you to come in all white have All White, how would you have a Blue Jackson State shirt on? Well why would you have a discolored Colorado shirt on?


So, okay, so you don't not listen. You don't pay attention to detail if you ain't paying attention to detail. To what I tell you. How you gonna pay attention to detail on the field? Get your ass outta here. Come on. You playing around, come on. Yeah, it's a standard of excellence. And I was close to going to Ohio, Ohio State while Urban Mile was there. I ended up just staying home, you know, just 'cause I was trying to do something big for the city. Like we all was supposed to really stay home and go to Pit. For real? For real. Yeah. You know what I what was crazy. What's so crazy And stay home and go to Pit Got He know, he know the reason why I ain't go to Pitt. Why you Go to Pit? Say I want hear what you gonna say? You want Me to say it for Real? Yeah, we what you say? For real not To take. Why you ain't go the pit You can't go to, you can't go to no visit and the head coach tell you that your mom is no no.


Does not matter about no about your process. You know what I'm saying? The Decision. He told you that pit. That's all I gotta say. Mm. So I, I, so he went to Penn State And shout out to Coach Franklin. And like we were saying, talking about Prime like Coach Franklin is definitely one of those, those type of coaches that it ain't all about football. He's coaching this grown man stuff. So shout out to Coach Franklin. I don't know how everybody, I Like Franklin too in my, You know what I'm saying? So that's my, that's my dog. He changed my life and gave me opportunity too. So You know whats crazy Penn too? You know what's crazy? Because when you say stay home, I was gonna go to Temple but I wound up going to Penn State too. 'cause we got model because I was coming out. No, no. I was coming out for, I don't know What it take seriously Was coming out for you?


No, no at that time because Villanova wanted me for a kicker and Penn State wanted me for a pun return. So no straight up long. I played, I'm about to say long. He Love to be like this what He said all too. I ain't do all that. I ain't do all that now. You know Why Trey over there left me that Trey Tre. Every time Trey always riding with you, I don't mess with you. My God man. Now, now the game, what is like, what is that feeling man, getting so close? Y'all both played on top flight teams to get to the next level.


I'm talking about next level teams. Like how do you start over again after you lose that big game and you know, you gotta go home and watch this shit on the tv. Like how do the team regroup? What is them conversations like? I, I ain't get a chance to regroup with the team. I went to a good team But, But you know, But Nah but nah but Players fuck up too man. I aint Gonna lie man. I ain't gonna lie. We're not witness You, know what I'm saying? But you gotta give it to Pat Mahomes man. Yeah, shout out to the chiefs today. That's a hard team to beat, man. That's a hard team to beat, man.


Yeah. So that's all I gotta say. So y'all think so Patrick Mahomes without a doubt is the best quarterback right now in the league. Oh For sure. That's, he got his own Category. Okay, you gotta respond. Your top five quarterbacks In the league right now. Don't say nine. Don't say right now. Don't say nine. We already got Pat out the way. Josh Allen's my favorite quarterback. Okay. Okay. Josh Allen's your favorite quarterback. That Was, that was legendary. Okay. See, see you know what? Okay, That was legendary. So Josh Allen's okay, so the top five we got Pat, we got Josh Allen in there. Any game, I'm taking the field. I got 17 in my hands. I feel like I'm winning the game. Oh he's a Do. And I don't even care if we playing 15. Josh is a Do. I don't care if we playing 15. I if I got 17. What about when y'all playing one 17 reasons?


I'm just saying what about when one who knows? You know what was really supposed to happen when we came to Philly? You know what supposed To happen? What was supposed to Happen to child about the wedding? I Know what happened And, and you and you seen how things went afterwards. We put it on, We put it on notice. Things went, we had it On h Let me just say this things went bad for all of us after that. Oh yeah. Yeah. None of us said we're going to Disney League. Oh you know what's crazy?


Introducing high noon, all new VA iced tea. It's time to finally ditch those sugary malt based teas and try high noon va iced tea made with real vodka, real iced tea. It's non-carbonated with no added sugar and 90 calories, high noon vodka iced tea is great for any occasion Under the sun comes in four delicious flavors. You gotta try original peach, lemon, and raspberry. Visit high noon spirits.com to find a pack near you.


I've never seen nobody go to Disneyland like you never see it. They say that but I never seen no pictures in Disneyland. No, that's a check. Yeah, A trip to the White House. You, that's a check in a commercial. They ain't going, I never seen nobody go to Disneyland because Donald Rams was, my squad was crazy and he was sitting there with his wife. We going to I You told him that today. Oh no. You know what's crazy Legend Day story about, about ad before, before the ad before it's no bullshit. We in Miami right? Super Bowl. So we down there, I'm sitting there You know what I mean. Get outta commission for a while. I wasn't on sports for a while. This was about the time I got was getting back in the game.


So 88 was like Wildo, what's up? I'm like, yo, what's Up man? This was 2019. Yeah. So listen, so, so there's no bullshit. I tell Gil, yo man, yo the yo the boy from what's the name down there man? WWWW The wrestler boy. The girl was like wallow. That was Aaron Donald. Aaron Donald. I said what the fuck? Oh we had a, I had an assistant at the time. He sna He called me. He was a WWE wrestler. He seen a wrestler Ball. I thought a wrestler join you. So I'm, I'm like who you here in the background? Like he wasn't no wrestler. That was Aaron Donald. He's the best defensive player in the NFL. I'm Like cut, snapped. He snapped out. I said, where that nigga at?


Go back put me on the phone with. Fuck you talking about a wrestler. Fuck you thought that was Junkyard Dog. You done his nigga one of 'em old ass wrestlers. You, you was a fucking nut. I forgot you said that. Yeah, I just seen this wrestler. Then he wound up Wrestl winning the super on my team. Man, it was crazy man. A year man Ram. He's a fucking loser. Like I can't, you know what's crazy, I gotta get into this. I think sports fans, there's no bullshit. I think some of the sports fans are some of the biggest losers in the world. You sit there with a team for 15, 18, 20 years and they never win a chip.


And you go back to the game every year you cheer for this shit. Y'all lost your mind. I'm you got one shot with me, you got one shot, you got one. You got one season to prove that I should be a fan of the team. If you don't get that shit right. Bingo, you're done right there. I'm picking my listen. Sometimes it don't fall your way. Sometimes, sometimes the chips don't be in order for you to, if we in that big game. Yeah, because Buffalo chips ain't fall. The four Super Bowls. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. I'm telling you right now. Ask, Ask if Y'all did right when the clock stopped. I have been here blasted my Griselda with my jersey on my Buffalo jersey on what y'all ain't do.


Right. You gotta earn my fandom now. And I'm gonna say this though, in, in I don't play with teams. I don't play with teams. Yo, that's Some Dick e and Bandwagon. You, you gotta earn, you gotta earn my fucking fan. When I went to, when I went to Wilson, he burned my fucking, he burned my, my my what? Dallas jersey? Well, no, what jersey did I have for the, no, no. I had a Kansas City chief. Shit had the Kansas City chief drinks. Yeah, I burn That. He Burn my jersey. 'cause I always go every Super Bowl. I got two jerseys, two heads. Both, Both teams. Ain't that's Crazy work because crazy. I gotta listen, I gotta put the thread out there. That's that's what you did in And I take pictures of Arizona.


That's you did Arizona? No, he burnt my jersey. He threw it in the fire picks. And I, and I take pictures of both of the joints in the hats that let the team know, fuck up. If you want to, you fuck up. You can get with this or you give with that. That's why I was, I'm not never Doing that. He's a fucking nut that that ain't no real thing. See my Celtics baby. The fuck outta Tay JB that's my, that's my boss. He's a Fuck nut. Let me ask y'all this. Well linebacker talk the most shit booty. Oh name. What's his name? Z Alexandra from Colts. 44 From Philly? No, no, no, no, no. Is it Franklin? Franklin is z Franklin?


Yeah. From Philly. Yeah, He Philly boy. Yeah. The most he talk crazy like that. Nah, nah, disrespectful disrespect shit. Bitch ass nigga. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like yeah. So he just jump you bitch ass nigga like for real like look, look he looking like this shit person. I'm like, no, like for real. Like Talk to you like that. Walk in. Oh yeah. You oh, oh yeah. Alright. Bet it's on. What my receivers talk the craziest. Steph, Steph, Steph. Shit Steph. He's popping it all game like he's letting you know about it. For sure. I can tell he letting you know about it because he feel like he the best.


He know he the best. So it's like you ain't up to my level. I'm letting you know about it. That's why I was giving him as far as earlier, because like that on the journey of getting back to playing, you know what I'm saying? I was dealing with so many emotions of like, You know what I mean. Like, like fear, anxiety. Like this shit was tough to actually play again. Like let alone You, know what I'm saying? Asking to get out there, do it. Even the thought of it was crazy, but his mentality, you know, and I adopted a lot it, and like it got me back in that, in that one bag where it's like, it's go time You know what I mean. Like I, I real relied with my purpose and what I wanted to do in the game. Like I feel like I'm the best, you know what I'm saying?


And, and I'm deeply rooted into my process to get there. You know what I'm saying?


Get the crew together and head off to the course in the new 2024 Chevy Traverse with impressive cargo room, three row seating and the first ever Z 71 Trim Traverse can handle your buddies and their golf bags with ease Chevrolet together. Let's drive.


When you was first coming back, did you ever have that fear when you first got on the field? Like, yo, like if I hit a motherfucker, is this shit gonna happen again? Yeah. Like, yeah for it, it's, it's constant. Like it, it, it was, it was low key, like constant, you know. But it'll be the initial thought You, know what I'm saying? Like, while I'm on the sideline, you know, like it'll, that, that was the hardest part really just to stand there, you know what I'm saying? But once I stepped into the lines, Did you ever find yourself like, No. Never. Like that's what I was just saying, like once I stepped into the white lines, once I'm on the field and playing, it's go time. Like once you say down hut, I'm not thinking about you fucking dog.


Because that's the one thing I, I would've went out. I would, that's what, that's the one thing thing. They'd be like, you tackling like old prom, man. No, I'm just diving at ankles man. I ain't this shit. I don't get paid for this shit. I get paid for coverages man. I ain't tackling no fuck about y'all See. what the fuck happened? Nah, sometimes the dude be like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like early on I'm in my head with it. But like it's, it's literally like once I'm out there, once some, once it's go time man, you gotta flip that switch. You know what I'm saying? Like, 'cause you can really get hurt by tiptoeing like you, you'll get hurt more by tiptoeing and having fear than you are just going You know what I mean.


So that's just my style to play. It's, it is time to go. It's time to go. It is time to go get it. Well man, I appreciate y'all man for pulling up on us, man. You, Know we pulled up on y'all but coming up, kicking it with us, man, you know, inviting us to your charity celebrity games. That shit is off the chain. Genuinely. Genuinely. We appreciate y'all. Y'all don't understand how big this day was, man. It was a be Day man. That Gym was jumping Like we talked, we talked about doing stuff like this since we, since high school. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So like, and now y'all about to see us have a great time. Really like, oh That's what, that's How I'm just gonna say this before out nigga.


You looking like a rapper. When is the album coming? Up. man, that's some serious ice. That's some serious shit. You, you guys though. It is Levels of Ice. You got the the Kid Ice where you just go to the store, You walking There Shout is he the Drooler? And then you got that Next Level Ice. Shout out. Yeah, No Frost Man. That's some other shit. Yeah, that's another, you ain't like you got an album coming out. Nah man, I don't got no album coming. Up man From Eagle to a Panther. First single one. One. Hey Boobie definitely made a song though back when we were 14, 15. And it was hard. And it was hard though man. Miles, nigga. Yeah, I'm the man 14 and I got bad.


It was 15, I was 15. 15 and I got Bad. That was hard man. But you kind of like it. I'm 1515 too. But I know how big this football. I promise you if I see This, Don't worry about it. But you see them come, them two Caucasian brothers right there. They going to dig that up. You hear me? They're digging that up right now. I got Miles, I got his rap and I got him rapping it in high school. They gonna find that shit. You gonna be a Miles. And I'm the man. I'm 15. Hey Know man. I just want to thank Y'all. Look, he looking forward now look at this motherfucker. Look, he looking for right now. It off. He looking for it right now. So you, you never made no song.


Oh yeah, I did make a song. You ain't gonna find it though. It's on SoundCloud too. For real. IIT it was in my, it was in my freshman door right up mine wall up here on top of the hill right here. Literally. You can look out the window. My college dorm, we made a song over Christmas break. I'm gonna send it to you. Gotta topic it to my, my big, my big Brother. My blood brother. Icy. Icy. He's a producer out here from Shout out to Icy. Yes sir. Shout out to shout out to Hardo too. Shout out to Hardy. Reach Young. Shout out Reese. I can't find it. You can't find this rap. Don't worry about it. We going Can't find it.


You see them two right there. They're going to find it. Trust me. You don't understand. You don't understand. He used to be in charge of your job straps, man. No, he worked for you. He was, no, he worked for the Eagles. No, I'm dead serious. He was the one that threw. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. He was one of them. You don't see the ball boys in the, in this facility like that, but yeah, but he, he, he the one. Yeah. Yeah. I remember. Gotta make sure everybody's jockstrap is nice and warm. I keep the jockstraps at 75 30. Yeah, he listen, he know you gotta understand his dad was the first fucking ball boy for the Eagles Greatgrandfather, his great-grandfather.


Alright. Damn. The NL ain that old Okay. In the NFL and they, them motherfuckers just passed the job down to this. Are you next? Come on, get it and go get that check. Come on. That's a blessing. 60 Years league. 60 years. That legendary bro. Guess who left Eagle for you? Us, us on the one? No, I left. I left the Eagles for you the fuck up Kansas City. Shut the fuck up, you loser. Appreciate dope. This another episode. Me and o mworthofgame. We got DeMar ham when we got my man Middy MILES SANDERS. Yes. And now we about to go to the after party and it's just like that. Right? Right.


Summer is all about the freedom to have fun, but you don't need to blow your budget on a trip to make the most of it. Forget a vacation and take a tequila cation with new truly tequila soda. This refreshing blend of real fruit juice from concentrate sparkling water and premium Tequila blanco is the drink of the summer. Try all four refreshing flavors. Lime, pineapple, guava, grapefruit and watermelon. All with 5% A BV and just 100 calories. Take a tequila occasion with new truly tequila soda today. Truly tequila soda. Keep it light hard. Seltzer Beverage company, Boston Mass. Please drink responsible.