
Hey, Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right?


This episode of Million Dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by JackPocket. Feeling lucky? Hmm. We'll get ready to try your Luck Whip JackPocket America's number one lottery app Whip JackPocket. You can order Powerball and Mega million tickets right on your phone. They even have official state lottery game. So you just whip your phone out. You ain't gotta run to that Whip, whip, whip right there on your phone. Everything right there. What we talking about? Official state lottery games right there on your phone. New customers get a free lottery ticket by using promo code GILLIE. So listen, go on there right now, get you a mega, get you a Mega Millions a Powerball ticket. Or me if you win. I don't wanna break down, but I do want to break down. That's all I'm telling you. And that's called GILLIE for a free power ball or Mega Millions ticket. Don't wait. Download JACKPOCKET now for your chance to win. Big good luck. JackPocket America's number won the lottery app. Why would you go anywhere else you wouldn't? It's JACKPOCKET right? Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska. 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2. Non withdrawable credit Prize amount may differ at time of drawing terms. JackPocket dot com slash tos slash free dash ticket dash promo slash


You now tuned into me, me. Million dollars worth a game. Yes. Now listen, you know, this's gonna be a million dollars worth a game 'cause we got the one the only Yeah. Prime time. See, I'm gonna take you back and I, because I gotta ask Prime something real important. See, a lot of y'all don't know something. Oh no. See Prom got into the game because it was a dude named Big Mike. 'cause prom used to run track too. Okay? The reason he got on the track team, because after school he came booking out the doors. 'cause they said Big Mike was coming. Oh no. The track team, we the track coach seen him and said, good one him. Go ahead and get prom, go get him. Right? He gonna beat something. He seen me Running it And then he wound up, next thing you know, he had, you know, Florida State. But that's another story. Big. We gonna talk about that another time.


Does Big A big Mike. Mike Mike turned into a track star. He could have went to the Olympics, but he was on the track team. A lot of y'all knew that. 85 to 88 FSU What would it would've been like if prom had NIL money? Lord Jesus, I need, first of all, I need some background dancers and music. If you Do this to me in post put in, do, do, do. Papa was Rolling Stone. All right. Be get why I'm talking. What it would've been like. It wouldn't have been fair. Yeah, because we were social media.


Without social media, you really had to have game. You had really had to have a mouthpiece. You really had to have thought process of forward thinking to build that character of Prime Up and, and have him in the, the forefront of your mind and on the tip of your tongues for all those years without social media. Man, it would've been crazy. I would've loved it. May have gotten in trouble a bit more, but I would've loved it tremendously. It it would've been crazy Being affected. You was prime time on campus. Yeah, right. But it was no social Media. There wasn't no social.


So no, you was social media then. Yeah. But you really had to do your thing. Yes. Yeah. Like for your name to carry from state to state, from city to city, you really had to be him. Right? Because it was all the mouthpiece and the hearsay, it was the storytelling. Right? It was all that. Because nobody really could see you do your thing until you did your thing on national television. But the, the main things that you did was off camera. That's what made us who we are. The things we did off camera And Proud was a rock star at Florida State. Yeah. On Campus. Yeah. It was good. Life was good. I played three sports. But when you look at Shado and Travis Shiloh, and you look at them on campus, are you like, how they might got me, First of all, let's get this straight.


Ain't none of 'em on campus because things have changed. Oh yeah. Dang. Like I ain't know everybody taking classes online and they graduate. Shado has never taken a class on campus in his whole college career. And I don't believe Shado may have at South Carolina, but I don't ever remember Travis being on campus as well. So they, they missed a whole Part experience Of the, the co collegiate experience. But to each his own Shado tells me all the time, I I him With a straight face, wait, wait, wait.


With a straight face, you ain't me. It ain't nothing. You did that. I mean, and, and he's having a silent competition. Yeah. Damn. You know, it's, it's not, it's, it's not offensive. But I just heard on his podcast, what's the name? What's the name? Two legendary. Yeah, two legendary. He got so many darn names. Two legendary that his goal was to be drafted higher than me. Mm. And he's going to eclipse that. He's going I was gonna be pick. Yeah. Yeah. He going before five. Yeah. But that was his goal. That's his personal, his private little goal. So it's always a, a competition versus the father. But he's humble enough to submit to the father.


And I appreciate both of all my boys for the Bucky two. I, I appreciate all them for that. Now let's get back to this, right? Mm. We interviewed you, you had a book coming out. New York Times bestseller. Yeah. Shout out to both of these good brothers right here for Heaven New York Times. Yeah. You did that thing though. Yeah. We both did that Sell. No. Yeah. But you did that thing. Appreciate that. I promise. You know what I mean? And we was interviewing the coach. Talk to him. He said, Talk to him, Coach. This was prior to the season. We said, coach, where do you see Shado and Travis going in the draft. And Coach Conley said, I think, I believe both of 'em will definitely be top five, you know, depending on what teams is picking at what.


And it was a lot of backlash that Coach received for that. Right. I seen some comments. He just talking like that. 'cause that's his son, right? Yep. And that's the other player that picked for the team. But now we hear coach Yeah. And the draft is coming up. Yep. And everything you said seems like it's coming to light. Coach. It, it is, it is prophetic. Not only that, I can remember receiving the, the idiot comments about the portal. Remember when we first came in and we had to flip the team because the team was unsuccessful and being kind. And we flipped it by using the portal.


What is every college team doing right now? Portal. Portal. But, but it is cool when they do it Right. But it was a problem of what I did. Right. First and foremost. So that's where we are headed. And God just whispered to me years before go there. Yeah. And that's where it is right now. But those young men, not only are they going in the top five, they have an opportunity to go first and second and the worst. I think there'll be top three. Now, another thing, 'cause there's two parts to this question. Another thing you said was depending on what teams is picking where right now, Tennessee has the first pick of the draft.


Right? How do you feel about that? I love it. I I don't, first of all, no state tights. I new, new stadium going in. Beautiful city. I I love it. I I really do. I don't know what's gonna transpire because right now it is positioning time. You gonna see article comes out coming out that I don't Like. I don't like Travis. I don't like Cam just so they'll fall right where they want 'em to fall. Right. So it's a lot of positioning going on. A strategic hating going on right now. But what I love is you got all three of those are like my boys, like they're my babies. Like, they, like, even Cam, they have the same trainer Darryl trains to do.


So if you hating on Sha, that means you got uplift cam. Right. If you hating on Cam, that means you gotta open up Shado. You gotta bring somebody else in the fold, which you know better than that. Right? So I, I love the way all of this is transpiring because it's still is gonna be one of our kids. Right. And we are are gonna do the draft in Boulder, Colorado, in the gymnasium with a packed house in front of all the students. Mm. So when they call their names, it's gonna be pan moment. We'll be there like Never before. Yes. We'll be there. Yeah. Y'all get all the exclusive anything we, anything y'all want, we be there. Matter of fact, I know that, I know that the school has to love that. Even in a time when it's supposed to be about Shado and his family and Shiloh and his family and Travis and his family.


Y'all still making it about the university Because they've been good to us without the compliance of, of what we do and what they allowed us to do in our own peculiar way, our own hood way. Yeah. Our own real genuine way. It wouldn't be possible, but they allow us to be unapologetically who we are. And I love that. So we want to celebrate with the people that have made it possible for us. Because you didn't just go change the football team. You one did change the menu, the seeds, everything. Oh, you know, I know the menu more. I know the menu real well. My man, my man, that's my man chef up beneath. You see me that put it together baby. You out here. That's right. I slide down there first.


Y'all go watch the game. I'll be down there. That's right. Listen. You know what I mean? Come on. Hook that up. What's A bigger moment for you, coach? You being drafted or you seeing your kids being Drafted? My kids, man, That's gonna be major. My kids, It's, it is going to be tough, but my kids and then, you know, shallow has a situation where he gotta work his butt off to go where he wants to go and whatever round that's gonna be. But he's always had it tough. Right. He's always been the one that had to, to, to go. Good job, Sam. He's always been the one to, That's my guy. Said To have it the other way. Like shallow's all, you know, he's, he's he, he's resilient though, right?


So God has always worked with him that way. He's going to have to really go get it. But I like that When you got drafted, you was too cool to even was like, because It was going there. They would've had to put me on layaway. It was, it was so, it was so crazy that, see, we didn't have a location to go to. Yeah. We, I went to a place that my, one of my agents at the time, I chose two agents, but, 'cause I played football, baseball, and then I wanted that separate, you know, I wanted everybody to go for theirs, you know, football, baseball guy. And then the overall guy was Eugene Parker. So I didn't even, it was so different. And I'm sitting in there thinking, I, I went my crib.


I I was at their crib somewhere just doing my thing. I think I was in Chicago. That was the first time I seen snow. Yeah. Damn. At the draft. Yeah. So that's how it was. But now we get to create the old environment that we want and we want to celebrate. It's gonna be crazy, man. Can you imagine the way that gym is going? Hey Jim. That's the only crazy When they call those names. Nah, I, they, it would be crazy. Yeah. Because,


because you gotta understand this episode, a million dollars worth a game is brought to you by Draftings. NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are getting into action on DraftKings Sports book. Official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning the NFL playoffs. And the key to you scoring big is betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet on touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple as a player to score six. Go to DraftKings sportsbook app and pick your pick. Here's another reason why. Here's another reason to watch your favorite players crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. So you bet $5, you get 200 in bonus bets instantly. Score a big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sports book. Download Draftking Sports book app and use code GILLIE. That's code GILLIE. New customers get 200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just $5 only on Draftking sports book. The crown is yours. Wear it right. Gambling problem call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text HOPENY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio


For Colorado. Man, it had to be like really painful. Like they was like considered like the worst college football team in the nation. Yeah. Just a couple years ago It was jumping And now they got, they got the kid Juju coming in. Yeah, yeah. We had and the, the number one player in the nation by USA today in, in high school football, you know, coming in as well. So it's it's off the chain man. Right. It really is. And I remember the naysayer saying he gonna have problem getting them kids to go down there and play in Colorado, right? Yep. He, they don't wanna go down there and play in Colorado. I wouldn't even wanna go there.


They it's cold Florida. It is. This is that. They go, it is this is that. Well the kids is coming to Colorado. Yeah, they coming. So shout out to COACH PRIME and the coach Staff, the whole staff Yes. For doing they thing Now. You know, it must be the money. You said This is a fool, man. Where y'all, where y'all getting from? Dog? No, I'm just saying because I Mean, come on man. So you, you, when you did your 20, you was thinking of all this stuff, dude. Yes, he was. Yeah. You was thinking about your stuff. I'm gonna tell you something. I want to ask you something because GILLIE tried to play me for this. Okay. Right. And when I was, and this is part of when I was doing the 20, I'll never forget this day, oh lord, anybody that's a true, a true person.


They know. This day, June 25th, 2009, I'm in my cell. Wow. Now this week I'm celebrating that whole week. We know the day, that whole week I was celebrating. Right? Because June 21st Sunday you're celebrating in prison. Sunday was my birthday. So every day I'm making special meals. Me and my cell ain kicking it. I'm just Ming this telling Old war stories still dancing. We wasn't doing that. So I'm gonna say this with you Nigga Twister. I'm gonna, I'm gonna share this with you. So when that happens, CNN come across You playing Twister. Nah, we wasn't, you know what I mean? We was just in there shooting war stories, eating food. So all we gotta say I'm, I say from Sunday to Sunday, I'ma cook. We gonna cook different food. I'm just chill. You know what I, it's my birthday. I'm Celebrate man. Come across the news. CNN Michael Jackson died, right?


Me and my cell get to crying in there right now. Was y'all Holding Each other? It was emotional. No. We, we, we, we, we did one of these, I can't believe the mike man. We did one of these. It wasn't no hug, it was like man White right there. They took Mike Out if somebody passing by. Yeah. And they seen that. No, they wouldn't have thought that. But I'm just saying, did you cry when Mike died? This Mike, Mike is because I Heard, I heard some stories about you Mike. I'm gonna break it down. That's A lie. But No, no. What I'm saying is, what I'm saying is I heard it was a little beef between you and Mike about who Jerry Curl was. Whether than who's, that's all I'm gonna say. This is a good one. I heard right. There's a good one. I heard that. I heard My curl looked wet. But it was dry. But it was dry. Dry. But I'm just saying you and Mike, they said you and Mike was Like, I heard Mike was good with the Things too.


Mike called you one time. Hey Dion. Hey. Proud. I never talked to Mike. Yeah, I heard you. Mike Is one of the ones I never talked to. Mike, You ain't never talked to Mike? No. Prince rode up on me one time at award show and asked me, you know, dude, I want to come to his party that he was having afterwards. He went to the party, he like, he just like rolled up. It was Prince Dog. He like, Hey. And I got a party at the Palladium, the Purple Rain a little later drop out if you want to. That's What he said. He just turned here to just float it off. Tell me you went, you went And I was Like, I nigga that was Prince Did you go? It just, No, I ain't go. Oh man. Shit. So hold on. So we even gr I didn go. So even the legend See Prince the Myth, The man I tell you I'm Actually seeing, see some people be like, oh that's Yeah.


All the time. Like all the time. Like honestly, y'all, y'all take it for granted. Wallo rolled up on me at the Super Bowl in Atlanta by himself. Yeah. And I was so early in the morning munching admiration that this brother came here by himself with a phone on his camera And the tripod. And We did the interview in the restaurant. Yep. First where's Wallo Noise going on? But he wanted it. Right? He, he like, he like, I gotta go get this. I gotta go get this. And I was one of the first, I was one of the first people that he told me, Wallo, I'm ready to do this coaching thing. Right. I wasn't coaching then he Was, he was talking to a school in Florida. He was like, I'm talking to somebody in Florida. I don't know which one.


He's Like, I don't know how that's gonna go but I'm right. I'm, I'm ready to do this coaching thing. He told me that. That's right. I'm like, yeah, well listen. I said listen, you need a wide receiver coach. Get with me. He ain't never called me. He was on some bullshit. That's I'm saying. I'm just saying he ain't never called me that quick flip. He ain't never called me. That's that quick flip. Right. But I'm always enamored by people who doing their thing. And I reach out to people blindly. I don't even know you, but if you, if I see you getting ready to take that, that left instead of that. Right. I'm gonna call and Hey man look him got love for you such and such. You you, you can't just all consult with people when they up. What about people when they, when they going wayward and they down? Man that's, that's when I'm at my best. Yeah. Because, and I seen him, I seen prom, we come, he come after the game.


We at the game Big X there. Shout out to Big X and plug kill him. One of the best albums right. Last year. And he had a masterclass. Me and him taught me him Big X man. Talking about credit, talking about team, staff all taxes. We talking about everything. Prom, didn just got off the field, came up there in the lot, we kicking it and half an hour just went in. Listen man, make sure this, make sure that then woo woo Wallo get with him. Make sure you follow up And that's right boo. Make sure he get so it's, it is always education. Anytime I see you. Now did y'all hear that when y'all was coming up? Did y'all hear anybody? No. No. Not like that. Damn. Not like that. And it was a lot of like it is now jealousy and Hayden a little bit. You gotta understand back then if you were the guy and you get drafted automatically, you were making more money than everybody on the team.


So do you understand the resistance and the hatred that you receive just by being a high draft choice? Now you come in the locker room, you getting paid more than everybody and you ain't done nothing. So that's how it was back then. Right. So it was a lot of built then preconceived hate that you had to ball your way out of What is, you know what I want? No, what is the problem? 'cause I think it's a great sport. What is the problem with major need? Baseball. Why is it not popping no more? It's popping and it's one of the highest paid, most consistent sports ever. But the reason we are not prominent in it. Yeah. Because first of all we don't have fathers.


Second, our African American fathers don't play baseball. And baseball ain't cool in the hood because baseball take a lot of work, a lot of training, a lot of rigorous ou hours and time and girls don't dig baseball players. Girls come inside the gym to watch the hoopers. You could see they bodies. You could see everything. You see 'em smile. Girls like the physicality of a football player, the dominance that he portrays and girls are cheerleaders in the sport as well as basketball. Ain't nobody out there for baseball. No it's not. I played, I went all through youth all and I look in the stand, wasn't nobody there for me. Not even a parent.


It was nobody there. So who's going to teach him in the inner city? What black man is going to teach him in the inner city? Yeah. Ain't nobody there because there ain't nobody play. So that's why we drop off because of the exposure to the game, to the sport. We got some brothers out there that's doing the doggone dang and I'm proud of 'em. But it is mainly led by the Dominican culture. Yeah. Puerto Rican culture. Cuban culture and so and so, so forth. Now even the Asian culture, I mean it's, it's, it's crazy.


This episode of million dollars worth for game is brought to you by New Amsterdam Vodka. Now you know it's playoff time. NFL I'm talking about basketball season. What's better the pre-game than New Amsterdam Vodka. And you also know if you are having a bad day shot a New Amsterdam Vodka life ain't going your way. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your woman cheating today. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. It's distilled five times. It's filtered three times for that clean crisp finish. You could drink it straight up. You could drink it on the rocks juice soda. Or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. That's up to you. But when you are out and about at your local liquor store, make sure you get you some New Amsterdam Vodka. Don't you walk past that new Amsterdam? Don't you do that? You get there, you scoop it up. As you can see this bottle was almost gone. So we really si this, you know, new Amsterdam. It's a way of life. New Amsterdam Vodka. Make sure you get your some New Amsterdam Vodka. Make sure you get you some


Right. Didn didn't love the game, but we don't play it. You had legends there. Rest, rest in peace to Ricky Henderson. Oh my, a legend. God a legend. That was my dog. You talking about my he that was my hero. Ricky Henderson everything to me. I'm sitting on the bench at the Yankees. I'm looking at this man, I'm looking at this man, this the whole game. I'm sitting right behind. I'm on him with Ricky Henderson and Ricky just tell him, hey, he'll grab me by the leg and say look. Okay. The back crease of the leg. You know, that's what I'm looking at. The back crease of the leg when that thing opened up. You out, you out. And his patience was so perfected at the plate. I could, I aint, I wasn't that patient. I'm swag it get, anyway, the, the plate I'm swinging. Yeah. Ricky, he had a zone that was un unbelievable man.


And treated me with the utmost respect. Every time we saw one another, even after our careers. Man I love it. We lost a true legend. Let me ask you a question. When you see all of these athletes now, right? That's leveling up a lot of them is not like how back in the day was a lot of them have they fathers now. Yeah. The Steph Curry. Yeah. The Clay Thompsons. Yep. Yep. The Shado. The HILs, the Yeah, there's a lot of 'em don't though, but On A lot of 'em don't though. A Lot of them don't, but a a lot more that's making it to the league. True. You know what I mean? But it's a lot more prominent that we hear about. We see the Absolutely. But Oh, it's still, it's still a lot of 'em that don't, it's just a lot of minds.


But what I wanna know for you, was it, would you consider it? 'cause some people gotta be born with some things. Would you consider you had a lot of God given talent? Yeah. Yeah. I had a lot of God given talent Or, or it was something you had to, because some people gotta work. Well you got got really, really worth well you Got talent. Yeah. You got God given talent, you got the talent to communicate. Right. You got a gift of articulation and communication. Like you going to get your point across. Yeah. However you, you feel like you gotta get it both of you guys. But you got to understand as well, talent is talent. You got to perfect your talent to go to the next level.


Your talent will get you in the game. But to go to the next level, you gotta perfect your talent. You gotta perfect. When you speak in front of a multitude, you gotta perfect the way you articulate, the way you flip it, the way you pause in between your verses. You gotta perfect that. If you wanna go to the next level, it's some people have talent, but to get to that next level, that thing gotta be worked on. But, But my point is, you not having a father figures. Right. That made us who we are, Gil. But, But what I'm saying is, I I I Had a stepfather. Who was the one that pushed You? I had a stepfather who, okay. Who was somewhat of an alcoholic, good drunk. He ain't even wanna abusive it to my mama. He was the hardwork man. I all day long got up, went to work every time I saw him put on that weak slumber uniform, that means he was going to work My biological father.


That was the prime. That was him. That was all that Jana quad flavor had most saying than anybody. He was flies on Know what? Saw them pepper wavy hair. I mean he was that dude. So I took two ethics out of those men and, and, and incorporated them myself because they was there Like I saw 'em. Yeah, Okay. They, they made them play a role of you gotta do this, you gotta do that. But no, I remember my biological father on the way from a Falcons game, he said, Hey boy, I don't think Earings ain't no place for a football player. I'm like, you going to tell me something?


No Earings Earings ain't got no place on the football field. I never wore earings again. Why would I be wearing earing on the football field trying to be seen, trying to stunt never would again because that little bit that he gave me, although I was fathering him at the time, but that little bit that he gave me, I took it and ran with it. Yeah. And he would say little subtle things like that and, and I took it. My stepfather would always say, no matter what, I might not be him for long. Take care of your mama. Make sure you take care of your mama. Those little things that they may have said that enhanced me, man. Yeah. Never Drinkcan smoke because I saw them doing it.


So I needed that kinda struggle to comprise who I am. Right. God chose my parents. I ain't had nothing to do with that. Yeah. Nothing at all. So everything you got, it was supposed to be that way to make you who you are. And that's what I be telling and that's what I tell a lot of the young boys out here. I say, Listen man, at the end of the day you going choose who you going to be with. You didn't have no say on who your mama and daddy was. Amen. But what if I don't like my dad? I don't even like nigga, I didn't have no say. Right. You choose this nigga. Right. Right. He ain't shit. Right. You choose now you going choose who for me. So I always tell the youngest man who is for you is for you. You know what I mean? And who you fall in love with and go through your trials and tribulations.


That's for you. Try to pick somebody who got the best interest for you at heart. But it's Hard when they young dog. It's hard. It is. When they young, it's hard when we telling them the oven is hot. Yes. They still gotta touch it to See how hard it's, you know what, talking about that. If I'm a young player, I'm ready to walk into whatever college. Michigan State, Florida State, UCLA, whatever. Colorado. Colorado. I'm ready to get a, a bunch of money. I'm ready, I'm ready to, I'm ready to see like four or 5 million this year. You mean N-I-L-N-I-L? Yes. I'm racing. NIL Ain't really NIL Let's just get this straight. It's two different things. Break it down. Let's, let's break this down. You got name, image, and likeness. Okay, now let me deal with this first.


Who, who you seen on tv, name, image and likeness? That means you endorsing stuff. Who, who you seen besides Travis and Shado and old girl that hoops from USC and Juju. Yeah. Who, who else? I got time now. So it ain't no name, image and likeness. That's only our kids. Okay. You know, you see collectives where, well we taking up a church offering right here and we putting money in the basket and we gonna give brother such and such $200. We gonna give Sister such and such. Okay. $300. That's what they getting. That that's what you getting. So it was supposed to be NIA. Yeah. Name it. But you do Well, you can earn it and, and and, but you gotta understand these sponsors just like me.


Dollars worth the game. Who you putting money on that ain't gonna embarrass your name and your brand? You gotta really check that out. Yeah. Because y'all got a brand or national brand that y'all took your time and cultivated and built up. You gonna let you gonna put that on some food that's go, may get drunk driving may get pulled over. For for for what? What So collective NIL is two different things. Two Different things. See everybody getting collectors, not the nls. Oh okay. Now I'm coming in, I'm getting some of this collective money. Okay. Because they said, come on down here, we gonna take care of your mama. We gonna do this, we got got cheer you that can you the car, whatever. All right. But I come down, I got 4 million coming to me this year 'cause they wanted me bad and I had a great chance to go and get with some good, some good coaches and a good team to make me a better player for the next level.


But I overlooked that for this money. That's your, that's a problem That that's happened a lot. Yep. And, and and, and I'm gonna tap on one another part, but I'm going in here. I'm gonna get 4 million. My mama ain't want me to go in. My daddy ain't want me to go to the best place. 'cause they was thinking about them. The car they went the house, they went the diamonds, the, the luggage. That's all that stuff. That's where we at. They they thinking about the Louis luggage and the light that they going to live now that they couldn't live when they was younger or whatever. I'm going to live my life now. I'm gonna fly around the world. I'm gonna take you pictures on the gram. Right. Boom. I'm walking in here. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know nothing about taxes. Right. And every girl in the world is in my dm. That's right. And I'm not seasoned because I never really had no women.


Right. I never really What game can you give me walking into this about, about these professionals? It's professional women out there. Oh God, dog. It, it, it, it is so tough out there for the young man right now. But the first mistake that they make is you wanna go chase a bag instead of chase the game. Chase the game, the game got the bag. Don't chase the bag. The bag ain't got the game. Chase the game because that's going to sustain you for a moment. This right here is gonna maintain you forever and they chasing the wrong thing. I'd rather chase a place that's going to give me the game that's going to teach me how to be a man that's going to teach me about this money that's gonna hold me accountable and make sure I'm disciplined.


Not just a bag. Because see, that's gonna run out because first of all, you have no moral compass on how to handle it. And your family sure don't know how to handle it. So now you, you you are one or two and done and you ain't in the environment to get you prepared for the next level, which is the pros. You chasing NIL instead of NFL. And that's not the right thing. I've never chased money in my life. I've chased greatness. And guess what came with greatness? The money.


This episode a million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by SKIMS. I feel every guy has a hierarchy when it comes to underwear draws and when it comes to mind, SKIMS sits right at the top. SKIMS came out with their cotton five boxer brief. And it honestly put brands to shame. They go with everything form wear, active wear, you name it. They're the perfect versatile every day underwear. And it feels good on your body. I mean a little silky, you know what I mean? And I ain't gonna lie if I'm just keeping a real Mickey package sit up nice. You know, look a little bit more beefier. You know I'm just saying. I don't just speaking on the draws, you know what I'm saying? Toot love me when I throw my SKIMS on 'cause she get the, you know what I mean, getting the bed baby all fresh out the shower. Throw the SKIMS on baby you don't wanna get in the bed. Oh okay. Yeah. You see me in my SKIMS huh? Shop SKIMS men at SKIMS dot com slash MD wog at skim store. Let them know I sent you after you place your order select podcasts in the survey and select my show in the dropdown menu that follows shop SKIMS men at SKIMS dot com slash MD wog and skim stores.


Right. So how do they deal? So once they do most of 'em won. Decide I don need the money. 'cause they want right now we live in a right now culture where right now is God And the money's done. They gone because they're not saving. They're not. And they don't know nothing about these professionals. They don't know nothing about these professionals. These, these professional women. Ladies of the night, The the la not only the ladies of the night. What about the dudes of the day? Mm. Them two. 'cause you got dudes that trying to act like they're the agents even at the high school level. How, why do you need that? Why do you need somebody that's going to come, come take 15, 20%? Ain't nobody giving up no 15, 20%. I can see if it's an endorsement. This is not endorsement. Right.


This is a one off. Right. You gonna get this for what? A couple years and you out. Why would you be needing somebody? But What they do and guess what? Just say it's a hundred grand. The school pay him a hundred grand. The dude taking his 20, you walking away with 80, 40 your mom. But you gotta pay taxes on that. But he gone. So you, you getting ready to call him and say, dog, I need, I need you to pay taxes on that. Well how you do that now you Now you, you ain't getting no W nine money you Gave gave him thank you paying your money. Thank you. Ain't nobody teaching them this stuff man. Right. Nobody teaching them. I call it the key sweat. You gotta make it last.


I'm trying to teach you key sweat principle now how you make this thing last forever. Because a lot of 'em ain't going to the next level. So this is what you got man. This is the purpose of collectives. This is the purpose of Nils to get you a bag, to get you something that it lasts just in case you don't get to that next level. And the reason, the reason I talk about that, 'cause I remember we was young, me and Gil right, we young, we need high to butterfly. So it was a spot around the way. Right. And it was this, you know, situation man. And I said 'cause I came back, I said 'cause I gotta take you somewhere. Right. He said come on, where we going at? I said just listen, just go with me man.


Just come on. I took him around there. Right. Sassy, Cassie. Right. Oh Lord Jesus. So we go to the spot. Right. Those stories are epic. Listen, we go to the spot. Slide up on the door. I knock on the door. The knock was like this. He already Know What's coming. Listen, the knock was like this. I never forgot that knock. I used to do that when I was in jail just thinking about the spot. He like, we knock on the door. They know it was me. Little Wiley, what you want? I got my cousin. Come on. I want gonna come in. We go in there. I say Gil give, give him some money. Just three. He said, I said gimme $20. We both give him money. He go in there. All I hear Woo. Please stop.


What you doing? Don't go there. All this. Right. He come out, he come out. But when he walk out I'm like, what, what? What's going on? 'cause you all, he was in there. He come out, he sit down on the couch. This Is true. I can tell by the way He's reacting. He sit down on the couch. Right. I ain't lying. I don't be lying. I know he sit down on the couch. He said man you got some more money on you. No, he said, 'cause I said 'cause you just came out. I said you can't keep giving. I said no you just can't. We gonna leave. No, I need some more money man. He think This is a pinball Machine. Listen so, so, so listen. I had Like, I ain't even gonna hold you. I had probably like $15 left for me. He like give it. I said man I need my money back. He go back in there. Whatever he say next day I ain't there.


Who ha who stop. Why you going there? Dang they Got honey back there Though. Listen, so, so, so now he come out honey. On everything I love, on everything I love. I ain't seen him with another dollar for the next year. Every time I seen him coming he, he listen. So what Was this place? He was spin off this Listen man, this was the whore house man. Just say this. He was, he was spin off of me. And this how I knew he wasn't shit. He had spin off. We supposed to meet up in the morning 'cause we gonna be, he, he just keep coming back from that direction. Spinning off ducking and hiding. He, No, he don't Fell in love. Listen, he fall in love. And I'm like, 'cause I'm like, 'cause no you fell in love. I'm like, 'cause I'm like, 'cause this is a lady of the night. This a professional. That's for everybody. He didn't know. He didn't know how to, he didn't, he didn't know how to, He know how To, he didn't know how to, he, he didn't know what was for fun.


He didn't know how to cut off His feelings. And when you're done, he didn't man was he in love? He told that lady he'd go together now he probably got a ta. No but what happened is no, no. I'm gonna tell you what happened man. And I ain't gonna front you and I ain't going, I ain't gonna front. I ain't gonna front after that. He started acting strange. That's when he got turned out. Man. He caught a habit after that. Next thing you know man. What habit, baby power man come on man. Dumb shit man. Took But you took him man, dog. No, you gotta have some kind of, I didn't, I listen culpability at the end of the day you introduced Me to it. That's what I'm saying. See You forgot. But was I was a professional. I knew I get in and outta there introduced. I was tight with my mother. You This Greg had the crack. You, you, you got involvement in this though. Right. You can't do that though. But he know listen one thing about this, he know what this prime this this is the thing.


One thing about me is this. And he'll tell you this. I never used a drug. I never smoked a cigarette. I never used anything. Everything I remember I remember stuff that he don't remember. I had to show him pictures. I remember you remember you had what's the name on we had the green sweatshirt. You know Yeah you had that on. But that's Who you are. So he be, listen, I ain't gonna tell you this, this one time I ain't gonna hold you Right problem. I ain't even gonna hold you. Right. Yeah. Give it to me though. I'm not, listen, I'm not saying that. I was gonna say what was needed to be said but we get pulled over. Right. This when I first get out the joint, we get pulled over. He driving right. Pull us over. I'm like oh shit we sweating. I'm sweating And all that. 'cause he got the whole car smoked up. But you was sweating. I was, the whole car smoked up.


Right, right. The whole car smoked up. So the police come, they like this guy understand third and he gonna try to say that I was trying to tell the people something. I wasn't You was. I said excuse me, can I talk to you for a minute? That's all I said prom. Who he used to talk to the cops. That's all I said, you Know was getting ready to happen. Who To talk to the police on The side because you know was getting ready to happen. I said well somebody ask that you might well go get in The backseat. So he got me on video. This what he got, he in the backseat of the car. He got me on video trying, talking about look at him. He talking about he ain't, he put the video. Look at him. He telling on me. I went over there and I said what's this all about officer? I said listen, I was just getting the ride dropped off. The man is a hack.


Right. So the police officer young, he don't know. He said what's a hack? That's somebody that just before Ubers they had hacks. Right. It is like a taxi. I paid him, what's the name? What's his name? So I'm gonna leave. So I get to walking. He like, where he talking? Said where you going? I'm just walking away like, Listen man, I don't know what I'm doing. I gotta get to work. Boom, boom, boom. So I'm walking away. The police was ready to let me leave. He tell me, said, where you going? I'm like, cus fuck, I don't even know this. He said, 'cause he said y'all. I said, I don't know him man. I just going, I, I gotta make it to work. Yo, You thought he, you thought something was going to happen. He didn't do nothing. He was letting me go. So I'm like, where you going? Cus I was getting the away from him. But he tried to say, daddy Realized we cool when he just come jump back in the car. Wouldn't Really think about it. He did make a good decision.


He did make, He tried to say I got busy on him. Me Told he made the right Decision. He tried to say I got busy on him. Told now prom, What do you do in this world, in this game with the athletes? Right. Because these athletes now I seen something happen and, and you tell me how you deal with it. I'm seeing players, you live in this neighborhood. When you go to play football it's serious but for some reason your mom or your dad take you outta this neighborhood, put you where your salt at. Which is cool. But you go to play football here. Now your stats go up because you running all over these bulls. Yeah. You a monster. Right? Right. Next thing you know, you get the attention of the next level. You get attention to colleges. Yeah. Oh he is this then the third you get to college You James, But it ain't no doggy.


You got kit. Yeah. You ja because You, You, how do you identify them players? It's easy to identify them. Players. See the thing about it, when players come and they families, they sit across from me right here. My coordinator sits here and my position coach sit here and I'm sitting in the middle. They think they're interviewing me to see if they want to come to the college. They don't realize I'm interviewing them to see if you fit. Because we different, you know how our games are, you know how our attention is. Like you, you gotta be cut for that because when you balling, oh you gonna get all the love in the world. But when you ain't, they going to hate. And can you handle them lights man? Because if we put these lights on, it's gonna show all the blemishes that we have.


We put these lights on, it's gonna provoke you to shine. But if you get closer and closer and closer to these lights, it's gonna be hot. It's gonna get hot. Can you handle this type of heat? And we found out that some people couldn't handle that heat. But we're trying to find out before we find out in public live on television that you can handle the heat. We gotta find that out. How do you deal with the, how do you deal with these, these these parent coaches? I, I ain't tell, ain't gonna tell you Aint ain't nobody gonna tell me. There ain't no, ain't nobody doing that. I don't have conversations like that. Especially during the season with a parent about your kid. Because see I'm ignorant. Y'all know that? Yeah. I'm going back you to practice.


I want you to see your little baby. Y'all come on here. You see little here go Wallo right here. Come on. I want you to stand On. Oh you want to use me? I was, I was all Pro. I know you use all that. Remember you, you started at, at at Penn State, remember? Yeah. It was really the state pen. Yeah. Okay. Anyway, I Again, I'm going to show you your baby. You don't want to do that with me 'cause I'm gonna give you film. I'm going to show, I'm gonna have the, the film department put together a low light and let you see your man, let you see your son and let let you see what he Does. That's, he had low lights when he played basketball in this college. I didn't know nothing about low lights. That's what you had. He had highlights. He had Low lights. Bu ass player. He was a bum. Hey Get Gil getting everybody the business.


Every time I see on the take in The charity game, he had to agree. GILLIE been giving him the business. Now he do. Yeah. All the Youngest. I I'm putting money on GILLIE All, you know, I gotta, you know I got throw in that barbecue grill though 'cause I seen him play. Travis. Travis, We talked Travis. You play though. He slammed all over you. 'cause I don't want to get in that, get involved in that. That's the white boys out Colorado, Man. Shit. GILLIE. See I like when y'all go to the hood and play. Yeah. Y'all doing it two on twos when you come out there and represent four different teams. Yeah, I like that. I gotta throw 'em off that throw the young boys off prime. One thing about this, these young boys do that though. No, because lemme explain something to you. When I step on the court, I got my goggles on my knee pads. I got the whole hookup on and the different teams, by the time they try to figure out he got that team lay up.


I ain't got time to play with you young bloods out here. But the time that y'all went, y'all played the hood. Look, see back laughing. He don't even believe. Oh I I won the game winning shot. But I Yeah, but I like it. But you know Gilly's a guy. Yeah. Yeah. I know people Know what Ice Cube tell him he did. We playing the big three. He walked right in it Cube. I'm gonna cook him this year. Cube say get a ball to GILLIE man. Yeah. Get Cube. Be hating on me man Cube really do be hating on my game. He told me that. Why can't We put together a entertainment league of you can't have no pro affiliation. It's just entertaining. Oh, he definitely can play because he ain't never What I'm saying, it should be a league like y'all. Y'all should have a team represented out. Affiliate. Yeah. They should play different, different states.


It should be a league like that. We, we, we, we gotta put that down. We gotta write that straight up. We should be We, we, we that that thing Be, let's talk about this season three, man. Okay. Yeah, Let's talk about that. Season three is unbelievable man. It's, it's tough for me even watching it even, you know, watching it when we was putting together and choosing the scenes And all that stuff because I know it's coming to a crescendo, which I mean is the ending with me and my kids man. And that's the toughest part because like when I think about it, man, I'm sitting up there thinking about, I'm sitting up there in a chair man and I'm watching Shiloh and Shado at practice for the first time. Now I lied and put 'em on the same team and I lied about Shara's age because you know, I'm a hood dad.


I ain't, I ain't feel like going to two different practices. So They two years apart. So I lied. They one year a part and Shado played up. So, you know, I think Shiloh was seven and Shado was five, but I say Shado was six. So I'm sitting up there and they got, they doing anger tackles and, and the parents got these kids going colliding from 15 yards back. I say, somebody gonna get hurt, somebody's gonna get a concussion. So I get up and trying to adjust the drill And all that. Know the parents was intimidated because I'm sitting there in the chair, I'm trying to be dad, I'm, I'm chilling, I'm out of football. I'm trying to be dad. And they just kept doing stuff wrong. So finally I get up, get up, get up, get up. After about the third, fourth get up, I'm running the whole practice. Yeah. So then I finally digressed and sit down.


I said to myself, if I'm gonna do this, I'm going to do this. I ain't finna be helping y'all. If I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna do it my way. So I called a few of my pro friends that I know had sons the same age. And I said, man, let's just have a tryout and put a team together. Let's just play some summer ball. And that's what we did. The next thing you know, we formed an organization. We had a trial that was 1200 kids to come out and we formed an organization called Truth. And I'm seeing from the beginning of coaching my babies too. The last walk in the end. You know how painful that is, man. To see that this is it. This may be it. And let me say this before y'all jump to it, 'cause I know y'all gonna jump to it.


The only way I would consider continuing is that I'm coaching my sons plural. Not singularly plural or I wouldn't even think about it. 'cause I love Colorado. I love everything I do and everybody. Well what would you do? Well, I have to think about it. If I, you know, if I get to coach both of them Right. You know, I'm not following them and it couldn't be like that unless I'm there prior. Right. But if I'm there prior, how can that happen? So it could really never happen. Right. But you gotta think about it logically as a father shoot. Yeah. To coach your boys.


I've always, you always, that's all I know, right? Yeah. But what's crazy for us being there since the beginning from Jackson State all the way to now, and I don't think people, people might hear you and they might have a, a whole different idea when you say coaching your boys as I do or we do, your boys is the whole team. Like, and I know you talking about the personal thing, but I don't think people see what you that Yeah, I talking people don't like the part, the these, I'm talking about the coaching of the father. And I always tell people no DEION doing is a FA lot of these, a lot of these young men didn't have fathers. He a father. Is this not what you, I'm talking about the same.


Listen, if he the same way, he'll check anybody else. He gonna check shallow like that. He gonna check his like you don't, I don't think y'all understand what's going on. That's right. Like what's going, like it's a family in them locker rooms. I'm talking about no matter the color, where you're from, who you think you is. That's right. Who was your dad, your mom, how important. It's like you really putting it down on the whole team and everybody coming to you. I love Him dog. Like I see, I, I was doing this when you didn't know I was doing this. Right. They just thought I became COACH PRIME a few years ago in Jackson. Yeah. I've been Coach Prime and coaching BA at five. I'm sitting down there on the field at five years old all the way up to 14, like we were all day long.


Then I catch the car and go to the NFL network that night. Right. To, to do television that next morning. But I love this man. Like this is who I am. And I love every bit of it. I love what I do and I do what I love and I can't get enough of it. That's why it's hard to be relational because I love what I do. Right. Like, that's my wife, man. And that's hard. That that's hard. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all gotta help me on that. Y'all gotta gimme wisdom on that. We talked About that before. Yeah. We talking about that box, About everything. But we talked about that before. Like, oh yeah. Yeah. That's hard because how I'm trying to give somebody else something. But they, they coming behind the game. The kids, you know, these other kids, everybody, man, it's tough, right?


Because you give so much to what you do and I love it. And, and that's what makes you happy. No, that's what gives me my peace. Your peace. My happiness sometimes is based on situations. Peace is everlasting at peace is what I what I I don't let nobody mess with that. Yeah. That, that's everything to me. But I love every minute of it. Just few weeks ago, just going to the prison to see Jimmy's father with Jimmy. That's major bro. And then just sit up there and kick it with Jimmy and his daddy. Just his daddy just getting his son game. And they what coach? What coach? Go to the prison to go see a place. See, that's my dude. That's what I'm saying. I Told his father, man, Florida boys. I told his father, I got you. I got your son. Don't worry about it. I got that. And I meant that.


So that's 100. When I'm sitting down with these parents and I'm telling you, Hey man, I I I ain't finna play with your kid now. Yeah. I'm a I'm a father. I'm gonna parent him. I'm going get on his butt. I'm going to, I'm going to let you know what's what. Real talk. And they like, that's What we want. And, and you know, and you know who's a prime example of that? The, the kid that came from Jackson State. That's the punter. I mean, that's the kicker. The Margo Kicker. Oh, he's a beast. Mother's my dog. That's My dog. He's a beast. That's my dog. Because you see him come from Jackson State, state. Oh. He's come to Colorado and you just see the love and respect that that kid got. Yeah. Yeah. He love, you know what I Mean?


And I, and I love him to life. You see it And, and, and, and I mean, just, it's so many. Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Cameron, silver Cameron played with me since he was a junior. Cameron's a pro. Yeah. Right. Every time I'm doing television with the people that's broadcasting that game, they say, who is the most underrated kid that you is your dog. I said, cam. Yeah. He said, you said that quick. I said, I already knew that. Yeah. Cam, cam is going. Every time a pro ask me, I say, cam is going pro. If you give him a shot, you're not gonna cut it. Right. Give him a shot. Let him in there. I don't care if you draft him or make him a free whatever you want do Cam is gonna be a pro. Yeah. I promise you that. Let 'em in there if you want to. Yes. And Lata and Bentley and so many these guys.


Man, man, I love all my dogs. Justin. When I leave here, I'm going to Orlando. Orlando to the Hula bowl. Okay. The hula bowl. I don't know why it's hula bowl. And they played in Florida. Now that, that's something else. Excuse. We played it in Hawaii back in the day. But we have several of our players in the Hula bowl. Another several players in the East, west Shrine. But I'm going to the Hula bowl and they say, well get some of your players in. I said, how many can we get in? Well, what you willing to do? I'm there. Right. I'm there. Right. If you gotta get me an award and get my players and do so. Yeah. That's, I'm going Boys to get the opportunity, Pick up a trophy for Hall of Fame in the state of Florida.


And guess what? My kids playing that game. Yes. But several of them. And I'm not talking about Charlotte Shado. Yeah. So when I say my kids, that means the kids, my kids. I love them like That Lasante playing in it. No, they they playing in the east, west, east, West Shrine. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That you go get your butt down. Yeah. And you gonna throw practice one time is all I need. But I need you to throw the receivers and make sure they shine. Are are they doing the NFL Pro dates? Yep. We gonna do, I think it's one in Dallas, but we gonna do the one in Boulder as well. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. But so, because that's gonna be crazy. Gonna have all 32 team teams represented. 'cause you got Travis and Shado, then all that guys get to put on. Absolutely. Yeah. As of right now, after this season, from what you've seen around the whole season, what stake got the best players coming out about him?


We said this like, we talked about it last time, but No, come on, man. Florida. You want me to jump? Not Florida. Florida's Florida though. Florida's Florida, man. Florida's Florida. I what I'm saying, you look at every team in college football, somebody from Florida showing up and showing at. What is it About that? Because it's hungry, Man. It's different, different hungry. It's a different type of hunger. It's almost like y'all have met Florida rappers. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, Like Kodak. It's a different vibe. D like it's a different, it's a different giddy up in that thing. And we love it. We, we love it. That's how we were birthed and born. Like we ain't never had no silver spoons, man. We had to go get it. A lot of other states did too. But we really had to go get it.


Yeah. And we got that kind of respect for one another that it's, it is been a grind and we don't stop. And I'm gonna keep it all the way real city country is a little different. Yeah. Yes. City. Are you still around a bunch of You can make some heavy country. You just out there. It's Different man. It's just Right. It's a little d That's right. You might gotta go on the back and slow the cow little pig. I tell You don't understand how much game y'all give to people. Like, I know people call y'all, I know people seek y'all out, but y'all get loved to everybody. I ain't never seen y'all hating on nobody. No, we not gonna do that. Ain't never seen y'all putting nobody down or using your platforms No disgrace people at all.


And, and so many people got love for y'all. Man. It, it is crazy. And I love it because y'all deserve it. You know, y'all, y'all deserve your flowers and y'all don't look for the flowers. Y'all just out there doing y'all thing. Y'all don't have to change your voices, change your auntie, change your attitude when you on camera, y'all are just y'all. That's what I love about it, man. You know, we come from a, we, we come from a place where the hate is developed at a early age. Because when you tend to grow up without things and, and you know, you go through certain things and you tend to go through things growing up in the ghetto, when you ain't got you, you get bust on, you get talked about, you get called names.


You, so we, we come up in a different type of way. Whereas though, if you not really built for tough, you, you'll crash out. Right. You know what I mean? That's why a lot of young kids be crashing out because it don't even be their fault. It'd be they might not got certain things. They might can't afford this. They get talked about, they get bullied. So our platform is really designed for the youth to, to show 'em that no matter what you're going through today, you can always change it tomorrow. You just gotta stay 10 toes down on what you doing and put that work in. Why, why you gotta go 10 toes Down? Because oh, well, you know, but why you do that? You know?


But I mean, why you, why you My fault coach in your case, eight or eight and A half Down. I'm gonna say this, man, how you gonna Say eight? You can't say you can't do that. I'm gonna say this. You know what's crazy? Say eight and a half. I'm in the crib. Right. I'm in the crib and, and Prime man. I'm only Did it 'cause I see your kids. Yeah. No, no, no. You saying See your boys mess with You. I know. I'm gonna say this though. Shiloh don't give you a break. Shiloh ain't gonna give him a break. Let's get this right. But I, but I never seen somebody so thankful to God. Then when Prime called me, he was, he was in the hospital. He called me remember? And he just went through the surgery. He was like, it was one of the worst weeks. He was like, man, God is, oh, he didn't say him. He didn't say nothing. But just thankful to God that he, you know, he, he ate toes down now.


You see what I'm saying? You try to be serious. No, I'm not, I'm not doing that. I'm, I'm just saying did. But when you try to make still eye contact with gi, I wasn't Said. All right. All right, All right. Well listen, You was waiting 'cause you wanted GILLIE to give you what you wanted. Yeah. I didn Want, I ain't gonna lie to, he still got his little, at first it was a little rough for him, but now you got a swagger. But he got his wall all the way back. He got his own back. He come through. You got your Wall knees man. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I, I supposed ride with y'all now listen, this is what I wanna know. I I I was supposed to ride with y'all. Who would you be? Rick, James or Prince? If you had to be somebody else? Man, if you had to come back, back somebody else That Ain't right. I Get what you mean? I can't say that. What you mean? Because, okay, see sometimes y'all, y'all see the, the registered nurse over here rn.


You know what I'm saying? Alright. Y he registered, you know what I'm saying? Registered nurse. Yeah, I understand y'all the registered nurse over here and y'all forget that I can't take certain things because I'm a head coach. Because if I want a head coach, I would really say Rick James. All right. But I can't say Rick James. I gotta say Prince. Okay. Because I'm a head coach. Oh God. I'm Saying some of the things Rick James gimme. Yeah. Gimme key sweat. Key sweat. I don won't be Yeah, Sweat Keith. You sweat. But you know what's too coach? I'm gonna coach called, you know he was thanking God. I remember you called him jail one time and you was thanking God when, when they them CEOs rush your cell for what? Got Ricky Minaj up off you? No, No, no, No.


Ricky Rushing on me. Hey called him and Ricky in the same jumpsuit. You're lying. No, he lying. He lying on me. Man. Hey dog 20 dog. Look, look at, but I'm saying 20. What? On 20. It had to be a couple of times you had to fight in 20. No, I never had a fight in there In 20. Let me, I was in the, listen, listen something else. That movie got something else. Listen. Listen. That movie, that movie Samuel Jackson, they got that movie from me. The negotiator. I knew how to go outta. I know, but GILLIE told me one time he said, man, I don't want you to mention it, but I wanted to see Wallo one time and he had his wrist tape. And it wasn't a football game.


No man, it was, I got a little accident. I'm just saying, Why Was your, I was playing football in the yard. Then He said you came to the visitation with they seat through the glass And all that and you had a ping pong P But y'all didn't have pingpong table. No, we did. We had one on the block. I was a champion. He didn't What you were slapping but y'all had a ping pong pillow. I was a P Listen, I'm telling you like it was a lot of times you had to negotiate to see the, to see tomorrow I was the type of dude to jail. That was Like, I didn't want no trouble. So if trouble came, I knew how to get out of it. How would you get here? I'm coming around, we in jail. I'm trouble A tough, you know, You look a little thick in them jeans. See it's different type of ways because I didn, you know it been, it been people, it been people still wear jeans.


We wear slacks. So in a case like that, slacks in a case like that, what You this trouble with what You doing in a case like that? If that type of trouble come, I could, I could make a scene. What you mean make a scene? What? What you wanna do? Let's do it now. So you Now the police come, you trying to Put you in the hole. Now the police gonna come. Right. Say they put you In the hole, the police going come. Or sometimes I just, you know I'll finesse my way up outta of that. Hell no. It, it depends man. We can have Listen man, this ain't what you think it is man. Lemme just tell you something. No, it Is what I think it is. No it's not. No you fing them slacks. Listen, let me just tell you something man. Let me tell you something. GILLIE Is a good job acting.


Let me tell you something. You like going to the yard And all that stuff. Yeah. Keep playing with me. You be in the hole man. Leave me alone man. Because He ain't, can nobody hear me tell him that I'm a snitch on it. You know what I'm saying? I'm letting him know you going down. You trying to take my man. I don take my ain't take mines man. Don't Take, you had to see it. You had to see it go down to there. Did I see it? I see it went down plain. I done seen people listen. That's why I was so in line the first time I seen somebody get stabbed, I went back to the cell. I ain't talking about talking my jab. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Between getting stabbed and getting jabed. No, no, no, no. I Listen man in the yard man. You walk past the bathroom, they being there making love. I said I don't wanna be a part of that man. Why You calling making love?


Because that's what they was doing. It was slow. There wasn't no rap. I seen. I like whoa, fuck you Call making making Then I didn't know what, That's crazy. They was making look man. I said man, let me keep walking man. Making Love. That's because they was holding Hands. So when you walk and you saw it, did you do this or did you Do this? No, no. I didn. No, I walked and I heard some moaning. I'm like what the fuck? So you hear moaning, you gonna go try to see and see what's going On? No, no. I did Like I turned my head, I kept walking. No, no I wasn't. I ain't went nothing. Yo see man, I ain't want no problem. Listen, I really didn't. I just wanna make sure you straight Like I know I'm gonna, I know this a long time, this I'm cool.


But I'm gonna say this. At the end of the day I was all, every day. I just wanted to make it to another day without getting my innocence removed from you. I'm proud of you man. That was my whole thing And I did it. I, you know, do rain, slee, hella snow negotiations, threats. I just was like man I ain't going for this. I'm telling you that time I went in the sh listen, I'm telling y'all, y'all, y'all be think you know why I tell these stories? 'cause people be Like, I people be lying to these young boys and they'll understand when I was in that shower that time and the first time And shake your ass. No, not watch Yourself. Show me what You working. I was like damn. But listen, you ran outta that. No, no I wasn't. This really happened. This really happened.


He didn't tell me that. So somebody said that. He didn't tell me that. He was just saying it. He was just singing the song. So, so Okay. But he was singing so Right. He walked in. Okay. I was like you gotta paint the picture first. So everybody in the shower. Yeah, no, no It wasn. Everybody was in the shower. It was him And Old. It was just me. No, come on man. Stop doing that man. Okay. You who dog. Alright, this how it is. This how it is. It's just like the matter of fact NFL basketball y'all at the same time as prison shower. Yeah, But ain't no more. Everybody got individual compartment. Everybody got curtains now it's different. All right. Well it used to be back in your day in you was gonna prison showers. So I go in the joint right? First time I come in there. Right Where you facing the wall or you facing Down? I'm gonna break it down to you. So when I go down there, got my shorts on and I got a pair of draws under that.


So I walk into joint. Right. Go in there first because they like shower time. I go down there first. So you got like 1, 2, 3, 1, 4 in this wall, four in this wall. Then you go around the wall. There's another eight over there. But it's 150, like 150 inmates on the block. Right. And everybody so it steam up quick. So I'm like, let me hurry up and get my jaw. You can't see nothing. So when I get my jaw, I step back. When I step back out of the fog And all that stuff, this is my sword show in there. Everybody looking at me like why you got your drawers on man we don't do that in head. Like how you gonna wash up? I'm like, that's what they saying because they looking at me Like I'm weird or something.


I'm washing up. You a conversation with everybody? No, I'm not having a conversation. I'm just, I stood back, got back off the ledge. 'cause it's like a leg you back up because now when you back up you can see. 'cause I'm Like I gotta see 'cause it fogged up in there. I ain't wanna get. Yeah. I mean I ain't know what was going on. So as you and and was crazy about it when you walking through, 'cause it's a little foggy, you might bump a couple people. Man, no dog. I'm just telling you what happened. I'm like what the m So I get up outta there, get to the jaw. I'm like, oh no shower was not that important. After this day I'm gonna just bird back come motherfuckers was in there man. No but how did old Head told you the song? No, he was singing it. I don't know who he was singing it to. Gonna stop lying. Take your ass, show me what you're working with. I'm like, he at the front or he was in the, he was in there Just watch up when you heard that.


Show me what you're working with. I'm like, so did you speed up Like I got the fuck out here. You heard that? Did you just feed up everything? He was in there twerking Dude shaking. Oh man. He said show me what's word No, I gotta tell. I be telling people I really know. People always say Wallo. I gotta tell people because for some reason these young boys don't know what they lying they self up for. See they don't they because they glamorized glamorizing in that that thing listen this what you gotta understand and this what dudes understand. All it take BA shot of a gun. That's that's that's not even a percent of a second a robbery. Not even a minute. These people gonna put you in jail for decades.


You gonna walk in there with hair and come out with no hair. You gonna walk in there with black hair, come out with gray hair. You going, your mom going to die. Your grandma might die. Somebody gonna get cancer. A lot of shit gonna happen. Your daughter gonna grow up and be dealing with some s you probably wouldn't wanted to deal with but you ain't there to protect her. Your son gonna grow up and the homies going tell her man you dress like your dad man you gonna wind up dead on the penitentiary. So it's like nobody tell nobody this. That's why I be telling dudes like it costs too much to be a criminal. It's rare. You need a Lot of money to create a crime in America. You commit a crime with you. God forbid you killed somebody. God forbid you robbed somebody. God forbid you got a gun. Lord need probably just a gun case lawyer probably need like 15, 20,000.


Your mom ain't got that and you ain't got that. 'cause the only thing you got is a gun. That's right. You murdered somebody. You're going, you're not gonna get no lawyer money. Chances are you might get life. Right. So I just be trying to tell dudes like Listen man you ain't gotta listen to me. I'm telling you I did 20. I ain't one of these dudes rappers. These rap dudes ain't never do no jail time. They rapping about the lives that they seen around the homies around the way they're giving you an idea. We keep forgetting that a lot of these rappers is giving out ideas from people that they seen and they looked up to the drug dealers. The dude. So you listen to him and it's like bro he never did no jail time. It's good though. You see what I'm saying? So it's like you gotta be mindful like and in this damn time with these women be mindful nephews.


Y'all getting this money, y'all these partying And all that. Be mindful is get real tricky man. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? It get it get real tricky. I remember he when he fell asleep in r Kelly House. Right? Yeah. Get The hell out. You didn't fall asleep in r Kelly House? I did. We spent the night there. But they ain't No, I ain't never heard this part. I Ain't Why did you spend the night at R Crib? I'm not, I'm not. We was filming, We was recording. Y'all was, we was, y'all was filming and recording. We was recording Music. I ain't filming Dog. He said what Was y'all filming? Listen one thing about me, I ain't lying to none of anything. I tell you ain't lying. Hey Bucky. They were filming. They was filming and r Kelly. He said man r Kelly got one of the biggest pools I ever seen in my life.


It was wet the pool. I said what Wet the pool wet. There's water. Y'all got dog. Man was, I'm like, y'all got his dog man I'm just telling you the real deal. The pool Was was wet. Look at you. The pool Was wet. I'm just saying like, I'm just saying you was, it is what it is. I Don believe That man crazy man. He was a lifeguard in prison showers. Man. Hey listen I Wasn't, I was Season three, Season three out now Go get that Mean we, We appreciate you Man. Show me what you Were see. See you believe that shit. Oh that's crazy though. Somebody, He wasn't talking to me though. He wasn't Saying it happen. Yeah, happy but he wasn't talking to me. All right long. He was just singing the song I was in. I was in close proximity. My, my, my, my my thought process.


Like when I think I see stuff, that's what makes me articulate better. Me too. So I'm seeing you on the phone talking to GILLIE saying man you ain't gonna believe what happened today. Yeah. I used to tell him the story. He thought I was lying. Shake it faster. What you work with? When I was in the shop and GILLIE said we y'all naked. That's the first thing he said. When y'all naked? Yeah, we was naked. And then he started hollering. Yeah, this how happened. I said, well what you Do? Right, Right. He used to thing, I was crazy when I used to tell him the jail stories from me. I'm like, yo man, you're gonna believe this shit happened. He like, yo, what happened? He was excited to hear Videos over used. I just, I was in the yard man. I seen somebody get slapped in the head with a weight C. Yeah, it changed my life.


Yeah. He hit him so hard. I just won him to my cell. I went to sleep. I did. I see the dude get smacked so hard. Didn't Do Nothing else because The weight 10 pounds, you know the little 10 pounds. Yeah. Little bar. He slapped him so hard. He said it took 20 seconds for something to come out. Yeah. He said a fell scream. He held his head. He said he just held, Held his head for like 20 seconds because He said finally came out. He said he Didn't come out. He said He like this. I finally came out. It took a while. He Said about the 20 seconds. He said, Yeah, Alright. I couldn't wait that they opened that yard geek to get out of their yard. I couldn't wait. I said, I'm never coming to your for no more. You, you ran out there like you running out for us to come over. I said, man, I couldn't wait. I was Like, I still need to get, because still see, see one thing about me, I was good with maintaining my manufacture.


Tough. What's going on man? Right on man. Stay down man. I'm Like, I, but I'm talking to just imagine my face and in my mind I'm talking to myself. God, I apologize for anything I did wrong. Could you please get me outta here early? Please protect my innocence from any danger. No. Please protect me from mother. A fool man. No. 'cause I'm damn serious like these dude, I'm like, is these dudes crazy? Is they in here comfortable? And this is not they. I, because I'm saying to myself, everybody gotta be scared in here. Like me, I was the most scaredest in jail during the time. I know I was in the state of Pennsylvania. I probably was the most scaredest inmate in the history of life. 'cause I'm in there like, please let me outta jail.


Please, please God. Please don't let nobody try to take my s Please God, don't lemme get hit in the head. Please God please. But I, but at the same time, I'm in the hallway. I'm walking. I got my shirt buttoned down. My, my, my shoes crease shining. Like, like a real penitentiary dude, what's going on? Blood? What's going on? Right on man. Stay down please. Right. Yeah. My, yeah, they talking about the banging, the dudes banging on the door. Dude, dude, let me out. Garcia, I'm see you let us out. No, all this. I'm like, sh please don't, please let me outta here please guy.


Because I'm saying to myself, this shit is not normal. You got my s normal. We eating soups. We, we, we, I'm talking about we using razor blades to cut the cheese and the size of up And all this. I'm like, this, can we put, we had, we putting our cold sandwiches in the toilet. We clean the toilet like it's refrigerator. I'm like, gotta be something. Gotta be wrong with this. And they thought, they like, they just knew. Yeah dudes. And they like, while I seen you been up here holding it down, man shit. Saying to myself, yeah, I been holding it down. Been holding this down, man. Yeah. Fuck outta here. I'm trying to get outta here, man. Ain't gonna do it. I'm trying to, trying to get outta here. We out here man. We out here baby.