
Hey Million. dollars worth. Of game listeners You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right?


Summer is all about the freedom to have fun. Forget a vacation and take a tequila vacation with new truly tequila soda. This refreshing blend of real fruit juice from concentrate sparkling water and premium Tequila Blanco is the drink of the summer. Try all four refreshing flavors. All with 5% A BV and just 100 calories. Truly tequila soda. Keep it light hard. Seltzer beverage company, Boston, Massachusetts. Please drink responsibly.


Get now tuned into me, me, me. Yes. Million dollars worth of gain, right? My thing. He can't go right. That why he can't. Right? Oh, I like that. See, nobody never said that. Yeah, he can't go. Right. He's got that left. That's it. It's lethal. It worked. He Ready? I got the right hand. You Better step up, I promise you. Tell him you better step up. Sha Shay never give a Come on Gil, you can do this. Step Back. Going left. Shane, step Hold up. I sold. Walk away.


Oh, I told people like, you know, when I'm, when I'm hooping and people always ask me like, how do you handle adversity? You know what I'm saying? How do you handle going, you know, you miss 10 shots in row, whatever. There's different things. But I always trust in my work, you know, trusting what I, Do, I. Got you. I'm here. It's over. What made you just one day say, man, I'm putting this in my school, man. You know, I try to, I have a scholarship and my mom, my mom taught here. My sister went here, I went here and I have a scholarship that basically takes all kids of color, you know, that don't have the financial, you know, means to come to school here to be able to give them a chance, you know? And I do it through basketball, Man, we appreciate you brother showing us who, who you are and what you about the great things that you doing, man.


And it's just like that, right? You laughing for you. My mother, You now tuned into me, me, me, me, me. Yes. Million dollars worth of games. Spider Listen, man, we got spider in here. Yes Sir. Sir, you Spider believe you gotta trust your game, you know? So I always trust my game. Back in the day when I was playing the, you know, shut up for my ACL got tender, got me outta the game, I would've been in the league. But that's another story. Now you say trust your game. Where'd that come from? I, I told people like, you know, when I'm, when I'm hooping and people always ask me like, how do you handle adversity? You know what I'm saying? How do you handle going? You know, you miss 10 shots in a row, whatever.


There's different things. But I always trust in my work, you know, trusting what I do. And I tell people, that's a separator. If you don't work, you ain't nothing to trust. You ain't nothing to fall back on. So for me, you know, I'm a worker, you know, so I'm just like, I trust everything. I, Do, Do, I, trust, the reps, everything I'm doing now, you know, July, August, September. So by the time we get to January, February and all the playoffs and all that, it's just back to summer work. Only differences. It's just everybody's watching. How did the commercial come about? So we hit Ken Wilder. So I went to the RWE game. So it's like, it's like a au team, like the, I call 'em the Harlem Globe tribe. The W of au. So they pick the best kids, they go out there and start just playing au au teams and whatnot.


So we hit cam up. Cam was like, I'm doing it. Nelson was in there. My boy Ian Jackson from from New York was in there. Yeah. And yeah, we was like, we just trying to do something, trying to do something crazy. And it came out dope. So shout out to Cam and Ian and, and everybody that put on for her. Shout out to the new snakes. Trust Your game real early. How did you come with the design? Like how did you, was you a part of the whole Making? Nah, I, I don't really, everybody's different from what I've been told. Like, I don't really get into the nuances of it all. I'm more like, all right, show me the shoe and I say yes or no. Like that's kind of where I'm at. Show me the end product and they show me this shoe. Two years ago or a year ago, two years ago, whatever it was. And I knew two years ago that this was it.


I didn't need to see no other design. We didn't make no tweaks to it. I was like, that's the, that's my best is my best one like this, the best is my first low top. So I'm like, this is, this is the one for me for sure. A lot of times over the year, you know me growing up in the eighties and all that, I remember Spike Lee, he'd get on the court with the mics and people would, it always was about the sneaks. 'cause when you got the sneaks on, you believe that you transform to the player. A hundred percent. Now if I put your sneaks on, I'm gonna be able to play like my game is You. That's not, no, I'm saying you keep telling I already got game. Probably be able to dunk or something. I got game already. You, you that some people game is just, it don't matter what they put on. No, you going Their game, you know, it could be Don.


It don't matter what you put on. Nothing Will. So It's not about, it's not always about the for most People. But I guess you would, I guess according to Gil, you the exception, Do you wear a new pair of sneaks every game? Or do you like To feel I broke 'em in a little bit. So I would typically wear 'em through practice for like a week and then try to go out there and play in them. But sometimes I'll try a new pair, but I'll change 'em at halftime. But I don't really, I don't really wear brand new ones. They don't feel not for me. I know you like, you know, playing every game, but I need the top five guards that you, when you on that schedule tonight, you like, oh man, it's on know. You gotta bring it up tonight.


I know we about to go at each other. It is on up tonight. You definitely gotta, I think me and book been at it for years. Yes. Me in the West, me and book been at it, aunt for sure. Jalen Brown, me and him been at it since high school. I would say those three. You always gotta be ready for Kai. I look at Kyrie as someone that just, I mean, I, I watched, you know, I was a cast fan, like, you know, the shot, all that stuff. Shay, you know, I think Shay's up there too. Shaa done. He's a beast. You know, like I said, like he went to Kentucky. We've always had that little beef. And Jamal Murray too. I gotta put Ma on there just because like I said, we went, we've been going through it back, back, back and forth since high school too.


Then we had the stuff in the bubble. We went back and forth and that really kind of put both of us in a different light to the world, I think. So I would say probably I gave you five or six, but I'd probably say them like every night. It's like all bet, like, You know who got the deepest bag In the league In your position? Ky Not, not, not with, just take Ky yourself Out. Kyrie. I go Kyrie, Kyrie, Kyrie. 'cause he just, I don't even think there's like structure to what he do. It is just like, he sometimes look like he don't know what he's about to do. He just flow with it. He's just different. You know what I mean. I think Kyrie has definitely got the deepest bag in, in the league. Luca close second, I think. But like Kyrie just, I mean, he hit a game winner with his left hand like You, know what I'm saying?


Like, so like that, like you don't, you don't Do that from 16 feet down. Right? Like, you know what I'm saying? So I think Kyrie definitely got the, the deepest back for sure. Who's the hardest to guard? Would that be Kyrie as well? Kyrie, Kyrie, Ky. I mean, I know I'm saying a lot, but like, man, like, y'all don't understand. Like he just, you know, he's different, you know, like I got a lot of respect for Kai. You know, he's a guy that you like, I bet. Like you gotta you you come ready to play every night, you know, he's fourth quarter comes, you know what it is, you know? And there's that respect too, both ways. But definitely, definitely God for sure. Now you seem like a laid back, calm collective.


You be chopping it up out there on that court though, you know, you know, like you hit that court and you transform. Yeah. I mean, I, Go ahead. Who's, who's talking the most trash on that court? Like, without a doubt. Like, oh, no talking. Like, when, when he hit the, when you play against them, you know, you know, you gonna hear that this person is not going to shut the fuck. Pat, Bev, Pat Bev, pat Bev. Don't shut his mouth, man. Like Pat Bev from warmups talking to the refs like you seen, he brought the, the, the camera to the ref. Like he, he just, he just extra my first, my first, I consider that one of my welcome to the NBA moments.


We playing the Clippers and I'm struggling my first like five games trying to figure it out, playing the Clippers. And I get hot. I score like 16 in a row to 14 in a row. I'm a rookie. So now I'm feeling myself. So now I'm like, and Floyd Mayweather is, is cor side. He got this big as bag of bread right here in between us. I'm, so, I'm like, that Floyd here, I gotta do something. So It is pressure, it's funny, it is crazy Outta athlete Stick come out and be like, oh, got a snap. That's, That's He out there too. Wait, who? I got a snap. I follow one on the ground. I'm for 30 years.


Yeah. So I seen him. I'm, I'm, now I'm talking to Floyd, but I'm talking to Pat, but to Floyd, like You know what I mean. So like, I'm like, all right Floyd, like, he ain't really doing like You know what I mean. Just going back and forth and man, like after that, after those 16, pat locked my shit up, like, fuck the next four and a half minutes I ain't score the rest of the game. And we lost the game. He talking about first team talking to Floyd, yo, get this outta here. Like all that. And I'm like, my coach. Wait, who Was that on Sports Center? He, because I remember him saying He did it to, no, he did that to bro too. He does first team, I think, I don't know how many he's got. He might have one or two or whatever. He just does first team every, every time he walk around. But that was, that for me was like, all right, bet.


Like if I'm a if I'm gonna speak, I gotta make sure I come with it. I ain't just going to just do it when I'm, I'm not gonna be a front runner, you know, I'm just talking when I was up and that's what I was doing. I was feeling myself, I'm up, you know, I'm up in front. But like, he got me on that one. I ain't gonna lie. Was that the last time you've been locked up? No, I've been locked up a few times. Like loudly locked up. Yeah. I ain't really talk, like if I'm locked up, like, all right, you got it. Like, I ain't going You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'll give you my respect. But that one, that one meant a lot to me just because I was like, I ran my mouth first and then he just shut me off. I ain't never been like, shut up like that before. You know what I'm saying? That was where I was like, all right Pat. Like, So Pat, pat put that old head facts My first, it was my sixth game in the league too.


So, so that was your, that was your, was that your welcome to the league or was that one, was it? I say that one and then we played, I was a big Russell Westbrook fan. Yeah. Like when he was dunking on people and he'd just be walking around crazy snap. So like, y'all know, like when y'all see somebody as for the first time, like you try to see them so like to see like they real like You know what I'm saying? So I got to see him on the bench, you know, he doing his little dances and shit and I'm over here in warmups, like trying to like bet where he at. Like, so I, I see him and he doing all that and he stops and just looks at me and just stares at me. And I'm like, Ooh. Like, You know What I'm saying? Like, like, alright. Was it intimidating sta was it like, it was basically like, like I'm, I'm here You know what?


I don't think he, because at that time I'm not, I'm not me. Like I'm a 13th off pick, but people didn't think I was gonna be right what I am at this point. So like, I'm just the rookie. So I don't know if he was doing that just 'cause I was a rookie or whatever. So he, we looking and then we get into the game and like I said, you know, when you watch somebody so much, you think you know him, you think you could have that conversation just 'cause I see you all the time. So he fouled me, I foul him on the shot, fake or whatever, and I go to him like, yo, good move. He's like, who the fuck are you? And then at that point I'm like, all bet like kind of put you in your, kind of, put you in your place a little bit. But like after that, like, it was all love. But I realized like that's just how he Yeah, that's just how he is. He he, it's a mind Game. That's it. So, so in like, is it like you gotta to, in order for you to get your respect from the veterans, you gotta do Something.


You gotta do something. It don't matter what your name is, it don't matter where you are. Like you gotta do something. And I felt like, Because that's crazy, like this story, not to cut you off, but that's crazy. Like he's telling somebody good move. Like the movement is you man, like yeahs outta here man. But I get it now that I'm eight years in. I get it. He doing it to people. Exactly. I Get it. But what, what, what, what game was it or what moment was it when you said to yourself, oh yeah, I arrived. I'm him. When did that moment happen? When you was like, I'm him. I put the work in. Come on, don't give us the Don Him. Nah, Y'all Not going. I'm gonna say it is a certain group of players in the league.


That's them. You're one of them. It's no secret. We not gonna downplay it. Let's be for real. We wouldn't even be here if you wasn't one of them. Right.


This episode of me and Osworth, the game is brought to you by none other than New, Amsterdam, Vodka. As you can see, this bottle is down to here. See, I just don't tell you about New Amsterdam. We actually drink it. Yes. You know why? 'cause it's distilled five times. It's filtered three times. For what? For a clean crisp finish. You could drink it straight up on the rocks, juice of soda. You could just make a classic new Amsterdam mul mule. That's up to you. But when you're out and about at your local liquor store, guess what? New, Amsterdam Vodka official vodka Barstool Sports. Don't you walk past it? Don't you do that? You walk past. You do. Oh, new Amsterdam. Oh boo. Take it home and it's going to take you home. Right where you want to be at? New Amsterdam Vodka the official vodka of who? Barstool. Sports. It's great for cocktails, great for pre-gaming. Grateful. If you just wanna watch the Olympics. New Amsterdam Vodka, right?


We don't interview secondhand players B minus players. No, no, no. This is for a a plus, maybe a minus, maybe B plus. We not going no lower than that. So I'm gonna say it. You are him. But when did you know when, when that, did you, I'm not gonna believe you when I tell y'all the answer though. Go ahead. My second year in the league to like, was It a game? Was it a play? Was it a, was it a feeling? It was when I realized, so I'll never forget this. I had my whole rookie year. Like there were times my rookie year where I had my moments like, yeah, you five moments.


I didn't believe I was supposed to be in the league. I don't know if y'all know, like I didn't think I was gonna be in the NBA, I was a baseball player growing up. Like I didn't start playing basketball for real till my junior year of high school. That's when I was like, I bet like I'm playing. So like for me, I'm four years of move from baseball. It's like, this wasn't so at when I got to the league, I'm having forties, I'm doing this, but I'm like, oh, I'm riding a high. Like I'm thinking this is just like some video game. And we went, we beat OKC in the playoffs. That was when I was really confident. But then my second year in the league, all the hype, you know, almost one rookie a year, all that I started like the season on a, on a lower note. I didn't really come into season and shape as I should have. And when people started talking like about, oh, he not like that good.


And I overcame that little hump, that's when I was like, I bet like I belong. Because they only doing that. They're not gonna talk, like you said about, you know, the last guy on the, on the bench. Like that's when I was like, all right, bet. Like the fact that last year it was all he this he this, he could be this, he could be that. And now this year it's like, oh, he's not like that. That's when it was like, and one of my teammates had told me that like, that's a sign of respect. Like the greats go through the highs and the lows throughout. And that's when I really stopped listening to the media for real. But like, that was when I realized like, oh, you got the Stephen A. Smith talking about, oh, he can be this, he can be that. And then you start struggling, then it's like, oh, he's not this, he's not that. That's when I was like, all bet, like, you know, you overcome that. You start becoming better.


That's when I'm like, I bet. Like, and, And and, and that's the one thing where, where mainstream is a mainstream media is a little crazy because they come on every day and they gotta search for a certain narrative. Something every day. So one week you, oh my God, you are the greatest player that ever lived. You, oh, you get a next coming of this person and then two bad games the next week. He can't get it done. And it is like, wait, wait, wait me two weeks ago. So that just be the issue that Come with it though, man. Like that's what I, that's what I tell everybody, like all the young kids when I watch like that come that if you basically how good you are off everybody else's opinion, you ain't gonna be worth it day like You know what I'm saying?


Like you gotta be consistent throughout, you know, you're not gonna be perfect every night. Like you're not, there's some nights I've shot eight to 36 from the field in Philly. Like I, I Remember Like You know what I'm saying? And like I could have fed into that. I could have left that, you know, and kind of let that affect me. But it's just, just being consistent and I'm grateful I had the right group of vets around me that kind of plugged me with all that like, you know what I'm saying? Allow me to grow and to be the player I was at a young age. But, you know, that's what I realized quickly. Like if you, if you allow the world to dictate your success and your failures, it's gonna be a long career, short career at that too. How do you, how do you stay focused? You know, you hear, always hear people trying to compare yesterday with today.


And, and, and that's like hard to do because the living conditions of how we was living society, technology, a lot of things wasn't, wasn't there. But now when you, you are a rockstar. It is not like you just, it's not like You Know, we had extraordinary NBA players rock, but they didn't, it seemed, it seemed like the technology put the rockstar on you and take you to another. Whereas though you might go, you go to Tokyo, they probably go crazy and you like, I don't why is they like, and you wouldn't even know it's by a whole movement Yeah. Of people that, so it's like, how do you stay focused? Because now it's like, it's hundreds of distractions now, just this alone, how you supposed to be at practice, supposed to be doing this supposed, and you ain't here too much because this is this, this satellite right here.


How you just gone, how do you stay focused and say, I gotta make it to the gym. I gotta shoot this many shots. I gotta be with my trainer, I gotta eat right. I gotta make sure I'm on time. How do you keep that, that mindset? Well, I mean for, for me personally, like, like I told y'all, this wasn't, this wasn't supposed to be my life. Like I wasn't, I didn't think that this was my life. He was Be playing. So you was supposed to Be playing. It's a hell of a, you was supposed To be playing for the Phillies or something, You know what I'm saying? Like I wasn't, wasn't You know what I mean And no disrespect to all the baseball players that I know, but like their level of fame is different than the NBA. Oh yeah, yeah. You. know what I'm saying? So like for me, this wasn't supposed to be, you know, I'm, I, I'm never, and I always tell people I'm never gonna lose that.


Yeah. Because once I lose that, then that's like, that's that, that's that drive, that's that. Like you weren't like, I was like man, like I'm always trying to prove and trying to prove myself. And also I haven't won like, you know, I haven't gotten a championship, you know, I haven't won an MVP, I haven't gotten first team on NBA. Not to say that'll change when that happens. But like, you know, there's still little goals, not little but goals that you try to chase and you know, I didn't just join this just to, you know, I mean obviously that's great to take care of my family, but that's not why I grew up playing the game of baseball and basketball like You know what I'm saying? I grew up to try to win, to be at the highest, like the highest, the best at every level. So that's my thing. And you know, I've always felt like whatever's in my way, and obviously you, yeah, you have, you have a good times you go out You know what I mean, whatever, whatever.


But like at the end of the day, if it's affecting the main thing, then everything else ain't gonna be there. Right. You know what I mean. Every, every party, every girl, whatever, it's all gonna be there You know what I'm saying? But you have a job to do. Like, this is, this is what, you know, put me in this position to be able to inspire others, be able to put on for my family. Like I can't lose that. 'cause then I'm letting them down like You know what I mean. Alright, so you in the finals, you go to the finals and since eighties to now, you gotta pick your team and no disrespect to your team, your players, your team that you're playing with now, no disrespect to none of them, but you gotta pick your team outta everybody that ever who you picking?


Who's you? Am I on the team? Yeah. And listen, listen, you picking your team. You can't pick Brian. You can't pick Mike. You can't pick Kobe. Why You putting limitations? That what I'm Saying. I got, I got because I gotta make it. I I gotta get them out. Ooh, whatever. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You can't pick Mike. You can't pick Kobe. You can't pick Brian. You can't pick Bird. You can't pick magic. No. Come on. I ain't saying this. You just, some shit you just made up. I ain't, You gotta pick your Team. Am I on the team? Yeah, you On the team. You picking your team's a little point. Point. I'm the one. Oh you the one that, that's guarantee he got the ball. He get his shots off because he know I'm be on start with a team with a bunch of simple stars.


I gotta get my, everybody trying to get there. So I, I initiate the offense You. know what I'm saying? Everybody involved. Yeah. Right. You said no Cove? No Mike, Dwayne weigh the two. Mm Got you there. That's a nice two little small bad court. But they they small. Yeah. Mellow at the three KD At the four you put I could put Shaq. Yeah, I knew you was gonna get Shaq. Shaq at the five at Defense. They gonna score It up. They gonna score. It's gonna be 200. But they definitely putting up 1, 1 60 a Night. We gonna score it. They gonna bring an NBA record.


We gonna score it for sure. Yeah. That's mine. That's my team. That's five. That's, that's my five straight offense. That's like a 2K lineup to be honest with you. Straight 2K Lineup. Yeah, that is a 2K lineup. Straight 2K lineup. That's a hell of a 2K lineup. 'cause everybody going hit threes. Everybody could dunk. Now let me ask you a question. You seen a lot of players play, right? What's up with his game? You seen his game? He might not respect my game because I call myself. You see a shot? I call myself Damien Gillard. Nah, I nah, i I respect It. Sha Giles Alexander. I Respect it. I respect it. Mike, Gil, Jordan, Mike Gil, Jordan, Sam GI sell Chauncey Gils.


Look, he like that. He's like, is he connected to all These dude Mike GI Jordan? Yeah. That's my Jones. Not thinking he can't go Right. No he can't go. Right. Oh, I like that. See nobody never said that. He ain't, he can't go. Right. He's got that left. That's it. It's lethal. It worked. Know what I'm saying? Ain't broke fix it. But but we gotta able to go both ways in order. You gotta be able You, know what I'm saying? Gotta be able to Go, you gotta be able to. Right. You aint, I'm just saying I'm back to back MVPs at the big three. Right. You right. I just played in a ProAm game yesterday. How many points you had? Seven. Oh, come on now. I Mean I'm 48 years old for me to be scoring on some kids that's trying to get to the league in that play overseas.


And I'm Not even supposed to be able to get the ball Up the, you talking about you Michael Jordan, you this and that. Yeah, Mike Jordan. I didn't shoot that much though. 'cause I don't be trying to, I don't want to. You know, Mike would've shot it. Yes. Mike, Gil, Jordan yesterday. Who Was in the game Yesterday? Yesterday I was talking to gis. I was just distributing. Okay. Get people involved. You know what I mean. Like I wasn't Mike, Gil, Jordan yesterday. I say that for the big three half court. Yeah. Yeah. I feel you. Yeah, Mike like 60 right now. Still probably could dunk too. Still Probably could dunk. Yeah, he Probably could. Mm, absolutely.


So let me say this right in the league right now, if, if you could, could say you in the finals right this year coming up, what team do you see you in the finals against? What do you think is coming out of the West? Do you think it's gonna be Denver again? Do you, because me personally, I think it's going to be Shea Gilders, Alexander and Oklahoma City Thunder. That's what I think. I I think it's gonna be the sixes and the thunder. Me personally. But I knew because I'm saying talking to you. I knew it was gonna say that. Gonna say I knew It was gonna say I if you needed it to the finals. Who do you see you in the finals against?


I would say it's probably going to be Minnesota or KC Minnesota. Minnesota. Okay. See, I think Minnesota, M Minnesota, some dogs, They ate some dogs, you know what I'm saying? I think, I think they figured it out too about themselves. I mean they made some trades and made some different acquisitions and all that. But like, they figured it out. You know what I mean? No. Were they one game? How many they lose? They lost in seven. Yes. I think they lost. Lost in seven. Like they won game away. Yeah. You know what I mean or whatever it was. OKC adding Alex Caruso. I don't think people really understand what that does for that lineup. Yes It does. He's A doll. He like, you already got Wallace over there, you got Lou Dot and Shay's not a bad defender himself for you add Alex Caruso to that lineup.


He's a doll. That's And he can knock down the three. Yes he can, he is a winner too. Like I'm a big Alex Caruso fan. He, he obviously he got his recognition being in la but like, he's a, he's a, he's a winner. Like he know, he just finds ways to win the game and does everything in the right way. So I think they, they got a good squad over there too. They got a good squad. So I think OKC Did you wanna go to the Olympics? I did, but I was, I'm hurt. You hurt. So I had to hurt my knee. Sure. I hurt my knee in February, but, you know, I wasn't, I wouldn't have been able to play anyway. Yeah. So it wasn't wasn't much. I would, I would love to be there a thousand percent. But How, how bad did it hurt you to not be able to finish off this playoff game?


Man, I mean, like, that's the biggest thing when it's outta your control. Like, you know what I'm saying? And if you go out there and you could potentially, you know, make the injury worse. You Know, we, we've seen that throughout the league. That was my biggest thing was like, all right, can I make it worse? And the answer was yes. That's kind of how I best base it off of, you know, in those instances. And there's certain part parts of your body you don't play with. But to not be able to finish that series out with my guys, man, like, you know, it was, it is obviously tough, you know, know I'm on the sideline coaching and all that, but it's not the same. I feel like we had a good shot, you know, especially against the defending champs. Like we had a, we had a good shot. You know what I mean, we're down to one before that happened. But that was a fun series too, man.


Like You Know. we, we really, I feel like we grew up as a team too, as a, as a whole, you know, last year obviously losing to the Knicks, how we lost to them to be able to, to respond to adversity. Beating the magic in seven, you know, and we got blown out twice at they place couldn't even score 80 points, whatever it was like that that can, that can you like, you know what I'm saying? But we grew up You Know, we took that step and obviously we would've rather it be five or six or four than seven, but it is what it is. Then you get to Boston and I love playing in, in Boston, man. Like those, that crowd is, that crowd is different. So be able to do that. That was, it was fun, but it, it, it's, it is what it is. But we'll get another shot.


That's my thing. We'll, we will get another shot. You Know. we just gotta keep working on it. But we'll get a shot for sure. There'll be every year that you grow older and that chip don't come, it would be that low. I gotta, Especially when it happens the way it happened. Yeah. Like I couldn't control that outcome. Like if we lost straight, like if I was playing, I'm not saying I would've felt good, but it would've wouldn't have been like, damn, like I'm sitting here like, all right. Like I can't do nothing about it. Like You know what I'm saying? I see where I can, I, I can put my plug and play and do my, do my different things. Or if they go on a run, I bet this is what I would do. Like, you know, and I'm always going, you know, ride for my guys and we, every game was determined by like eight points. Yeah. You know what I mean. Like we wasn't, like, wasn't like we just rolled up, we had three guys out there the last game and You Know, we got guys Step up, Evan Moby played phenomenally, Marcus Morris, like that Kids growing up and you just gave him a Contract.


Yeah, big time. Big time. He paying for everything now though. Yeah. And congratulations on you. Thank You, thank you, thank you. But yeah, nah, I, I'm hold So Man. Oh, congratulations man. I appreciate it, man. It, it's unbelievable that it's like you guys get to play a childhood. Well, well it wasn't necessarily a childhood dream for you because you started playing that, you know, like you said the 11th grade and then it just became something that you became, you know, like addicted to. Oh. But something that you, you play as a kid and you just, and now people are making $200 million and that's just Unbelievable man.


It's wild. And it's also cool 'cause like the way you, it's Unbelievable. You talked about it like the way we were able to impact the world too. What that, that that's what's dope. Like obviously like I love being able to take care of my family and whatnot, but like, I think the coolest thing to me is like being able when you, you show up to a high school game. Yeah. Like You know what I mean that just giving people that time. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like yeah, I know y'all do popups, I see y'all like y'all do all those things like that. I think that's the coolest thing that the social media aspect has allowed this game to become. Like being able to impact people that, you know, are on the opposite side of the country through this like You know what I'm saying? Like that, that to me is, is is dope You know what I mean. That's just, we put on such a pedestal for who we are. 'cause because you never know how that little bit of time or that little bit of energy effect, you could change My own life a long Way.


It's so many players in the NBA now who, their first experience with an NBA player was them as a kid. Remember them as a high school kid. Like even Jason Tatum said, he said, man, I remember I tried to and Bron sitting right there. Like I remember I tried to get all the graph from Brian. It ain't happened. I was, I waited all day and was Brian like, what Brian don't even know what he talking about. He like put in there everything to Jason Tatum and it probably fueled his fire. Right. Brian Junk. And, and said that's why you dunked on me. How he Yeah. You know what's crazy? My first interaction with a player was, it Wouldn't have matter.


You didn't had a film. I was Larry, this when I first became a will Was your don't Matter talking the first time. Defeat feet In rhythm. You said the first time somebody met that I'm playing mine. So I was, I was a little kid and I just remember man and Greens was just like a great color to me as a kid. And I'm at the selfish game. I'm sitting there and all I remember is Bird. He hit a three and he pointing at me, was running back. I said something is my team after that was like, bird hit that three, he came with two, he looked back, he said, and that was my team.


And Larry was at the, at the, at the white woman that was sitting behind you. Man, you at the game. No, I'm just saying man, I didn't, you know, I was like, that's my team man. It was or since then. I know Cleveland win next year. That will be your team. If the Six is win next year, you know that's how it goes. No, six is always a fallback team. They just gotta act. Right. They don't act if they act right. I'm, I'm with, I'm at the game.


This Episode of me and Osworth for Game is brought to you by DraftKings World of slot reels and blackjack deals come the must play event of the summer from DraftKings Casino featuring nonstop action on Allstar cast of games including a lister. Loki's luck this summer. Blockbuster is one you won't wanna miss. See me personally though, when I play DraftKings, I like to play. I like to play the craps table. You know that's just one of my favorites. I don't want on a run that was so vicious. I'm talking about number after number, after number after number. But that's just me. You, you know DraftKings, you could bet you could baseball. You know right now just the Olympics is on. You know you could do tennis, blackjack, slots, craps, table, whatever you want. DraftKings got. That's why I love DraftKings so much. But plus new players can get ONE, HUNDRED, DOLLARS INSTANTLY IN CASINO CREDITS with just $1 wager. Think about that. You can get a hundred dollars in casino credits with just a one dollar wager and ALL players get a Blockbuster Bonus every week. So sign up with the code. Gilly G-I-L-L-I-E whip out your phone right now. DraftKings code Gilly G-I-L-L-I-E. And grab your popcorn at showtime DraftKings Casino, Right gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in Connecticut Health is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org please play responsibly 21 and over. Physically present in Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only void in Ontario. Eligibility and other restrictions apply new customers only $1 Wager to earn $100 in non withdrawal casino credits that expire in 168 hours. Terms at casino dot DraftKings dot com slash blockbuster.


If they don't act right, you know. Didn't you ever cel Jersey on? Yes, That's my team. They just won. Everybody know that. Just see me a jacket. How they a fallback team? I Don. No, I see the Sixers is alright, but how are they a fallback? How No They just, because I, they a default team. I'm from Philly so it's a default. I could be at the parade and anything. So always got a default. Team You know what I mean. I don't know if that's his sister. She No, No, no. She can't do that. You know why she can't do that? I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get it. In the event, if you went to three different teams, they'd be a team too. Right. But that's not the same thing. It is the Same thing. So like the same thing. I'm just saying that's not family though. I know Fake pointed at you. Right.


No, he did point. He was like, you're the one I said oh I'm there. I just remember that like that's my team. So You know what I mean. I was like, I I could have done something. Get the You, know what I mean. But, but Philly's like a default team. You know, you just got, you know, and that's, you know, they just gotta get right Man. I believe they could do something Phil's as too man. Why y'all be on Philly's ass? 'cause we just, we just want, we want, we won a winner. We got Phil George this year And I know he be going, but I remember I text you after the, the Cowboys beat. YI know he was hurting. I he was hurting. I know he was hurting. He's the great, he's the biggest Philadelphia fan in the history of life. He cry, scream, yell. Yes. He You know what I mean. He Crazy.


So, so what's your football team? Cowboys. So if they won the Super Bowl, you definitely would cry because you, I ain't never seen it Super Bowl. I ain't never seen it. He can't even talk about we got this make you never seen. We got five though. What? Not gonna Do I there For. you not gonna see him be no throwback Thursday. Si don't let him be no throwback Thursday. I wasn't There don't mean yes. Do we have Five? You wasn't alive. I didn't See him for You don't know. You don't. The The Cowboys not five. You don't even remember when they was over there doing, doing the drums over at the White House and all that. Nate New house and all that. You don't remember none of that.


So you are Tony Robo Baby. Yep. A Dak Prescott baby. Yep. D's above. He's a Loser man. He's not the how's he how D D's not better than Jalen D's. Better than Jalen hurts. Bring it down Gil. Statistically are we talking about like what we talking about? What If you wanna bring out the stats then Yes. Oh you just talk about just back Cam Newton talked about this. You First of all Cam Newton might be a little bitter 'cause he is still supposed to be in the league. All we ain't gonna talk about the jail. Her head 15 touchdowns rushing last year. That was just Rush. I ain't got the stats. I ain't Got the seven Rush game.


Pull Up the stats, I'm pulling 'em up. 20 something passes. There's a stat out there. Look it up. Cam Newton talked about it. A sta Big games And big games. There's two players that got like three losses. So like three or four losses, something like that. It is Dak and Pat Mahomes. That's My quarterback. You talking about Dak Prescott? Who? I'm just saying that's, that's the record though. It's all, Who's been in the league how many years he been a league longer than jailer? How many Super Bowls he been to? How many times he been in the MVP running? I mean because Jailers last year. Okay, jail. Here you go. Here you go. Jailer hurts Malls. Last year, I mean two years ago he came in seconded Patrick Mahomes. Right. I'm pretty sure Dak Green in all the, all the passing categories.


Yeah But is what talking about but as a category In all the passing categories, everything that requires you to be a quarterback. We ain't talking about the running. He he could have that. Jalen got that and I like Jalen. Okay so so like We not, we not So okay so he's going to be Nine in the seven team. He's going to be Lamar Jackson on passing yards two. Is he better than Lamar Jackson? So different starts the MVP. So and Lamar, that's my boy. I can't, is he Better than what if you look at passing yards, he's going to be, the mile's gonna have more touchdowns thrown as well. I'm just saying. But it's a thing that's called, it's crunch time and it's time to win. It is a thing that's called winning time. What did y And that's what he's the worst Tell you. I ain't got time for that.


That's what he's the worst What? He gotta Do I Winning time. Guess who we can count on Spider. I ain't got nothing for you on that. Step Back three Left side. It's winning time. Guess who we can't count on Dak Prescott. We just seen General Hertz play the greatest game you can possibly play in the Super Bowl. And we lost because that was Patrick Mahomes that was playing. That was just a little bit greater. But come on man. You ain't never seen Dak Prescott play like that. No Playoffs. We wouldn't know though. We wouldn't know. You're right. He ain't done it. Hurst probably got the same amount of wins or more playoff wins than him and he been in the league.


How many years Less. Come on. This is about winning. This is a big year for Dak. They Every year They Say that Every year. They said that every year. That's that's Thought you supposed to, That's and Tony Robo is the same exact player. Only difference is one was black and one was white. They going through a shit load of yards every year. A bunch of touchdowns. And when it is winning time it's A big year for Dak Man. D Only, it's a big year for Dak man. That's all. Make sure he's a big year for Dak. Make Sure you put out, throw that out there again. Daks a big year for you Man. Okay. And when it get to the playoffs and they go out in the first round. Justin this is, and I'm running around doing this. What Happened last year? Didn't we beat y'all? We did. Did we beat the split? We split.


Oh okay, Okay. We always split. We good for a split. Y'all Ain't never us split. Y'all good a Split? We good for a split? Oh boy. Yeah you and Dar queen. Can I get a, because that that's what y'all good for. Like you, I'm not sweet. What We need to do is this the year though. This the year, this The year. This is what we need to do. We need to go to the gym. Try that. Put these sneaks on. Right. And out of the 10 I'm probably gonna hit like seven threes From the high school or the It's all the same. No it's Not. A three is a three. If you're looking on the video, you don't know if it's high school, if it's pro is it Three point? I'm asking you though. Is it high school or Oh, oh I already, they already seen me on Instagram. I I hit the big three in in the NBA six is I already You seen That?


Fuck you was one for 14? No I wasn't 14. I was, I Hit, I hit two match bat. What you talking about? I could be in the league and Do I could be in the league two for two. What is you Talking about? Two. No I wasn't two for 15. You seen me hit two joints back to back and I just walked off. Right. See what? I said You got NBA player boys not hitting two back to back so I could have took somebody's spot. I shoot better than 60% of the people in the NBA. No You hear this. You hear This? Come on now. Okay, hold on. Okay, hold on. On 60%, 60% of the people. That's a lot of people in the N B's. That where you get that present, That's a Of people. Okay. Alright. Prime example. If you go to the Sixers, right, let's go to the Sixers team.


Who shoot better than me on the Sixes? Maxie, Tyrese, Maxey, Joelle, Joelle and De Pg. Pg. I don't know who else on that team. Caleb Martin Come on. Alga Igo. He's the Eastern Conference. He's the E from concert. We Caleb Can prove him. I'm Damien Gillard Like Who's it it Eric Gordon. I get Eric Gordon. Come on EG. Oh you put him on there? Okay. Okay. That's six outta 12. Who else on the team? That's 50% and we got got shooters on our team. On the though it don't even matter. None of them mean dang ain't shooting Bomba. He not shooting better. You Shoot more than Mo?


No, no, no. The big guy. The MO Bomber. No what I Oh You talking about Bo Vonza? Yeah. Oh God. Shoot better than Mo Bomber. What are you talking than I will. He ain't shooting better than Yes I will. He not shooting better than Mo Your team. It is. You okay? Yeah it is Garland. Yep. Okay. Evan Morley. Max Truce. He's not shooting better than me. Max Truce, I'm Taking, I'm taking Evan Lee. No you're not. You gotta take His place. That was crazy. He take about, he pick crazy. He gotta pick his team. He gonna Pick all of 'em. Okay. We give Garland. We giving Don. Yeah we give him Max Stru. Yep. Eev. Who? Eev Mobley. No, I'm shooting better than him.


Mobley Ev. When you see this please And I'm Shooting better than my man with Bush. Ja. Yeah. I'll give you Ja My man with the bush. I'll give you Jay. Okay. I'm shooting. No, I can't even give you Jay. I done seen him hit 10 in a row. No, I can't give you you J bro, bro. Listen to give him an NBA five, that's five Bro. I'm shooting Not Karen Vert. I got him. I got him. No way. Cas Lavert is a street player. Ain't no way. He's Not a shooter. Ain't no way. He not a, oh he open. You know it's good. You don't understand. No, he one of them he get on the road And he make 10 row doing all that too. Yes he can, but he's not like I'm a shooter. I'm a, if it is he Open.


He not shooting better than George Niang Minivan. That's my man. That's Minivan dad. That's Your, that's your dog. I ain't gonna lie. Minivan, minivan was in Philly. Minivan dead. That's what we call him. That's my man You. know what I'm saying? I ain't gonna lie. All right. Who else? Craig Porter Got him? No. Yes. No way. Yes. Imani Bates. No you ain't got him. That's my NI can't, I I'm, I'm gonna let Neff live. I'm gonna let Neff, who else? Sure. Alright. Only person Don go to Stink got me Is Steph Tristan buddy? You might, you know what? You might have Tristan Thompson. Oh definitely Got Tristan.


Might be Tristan Definitely got Tristan for sure. He might have Tristan. Ty, Jerome, you ain't beating Ty? Yes, Ty. Jerome the white boy with the SL jump. I got him. How? First of all, How come on girl, If you a white boy and you are jumping not silky, come on on, come on on He black. Come on. He Black. He is. Okay, so he got Daddy ain't have a jumper man because that thing's supposed to be silky. You hear me? I'll shoot Todd, Jerome. So that's four players on your team.


Isaac, Isaac, coral? No. Yes. Isaac Coral. Definitely. You talking about Stocky Isaac? Yeah. Nah, he, he too many, too many. He shot 39. 39% from the field bro. From the Three he played on the team with you and I sat in that corner and waiting for you to swing it. I'll be 42%. I gotta see it. Alright, let's, I gotta see it and I Got see it And it's just like that. Right.


This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by PFL Professional, Fighters League. The PFL playoff continues on Friday, August the 16th with light heavyweight and lightweights headed to Hollywood, Florida. It's winner go home as fighters compete for a spot in the million dollar PFL World championship. Don't miss the action Friday August 16th on ESPN and ESP n plus for those looking to attend in person. Tickets are available on Ticketmaster. So make sure if you're trying to be there, See it in person, it goes down at the PFL. As you've seen in the past, I've been to quite a few shows and they get busy. Man. The best action in the game. PFL, if you looking to attend, make sure you get your tickets. They available right now on Ticketmaster. Tune in on Friday August 16th for 9:00 PM Eastern Time on ESPN and ESPN Plus. And tickets once again are available at Ticketmaster. Make sure you get yours PFL. The Professional Fighters League the fastest growing MMA in the business.


Right?


The summer of Squirt has officially arrived thanks to canned roadies. Like canned without the canned roadies or pocket size liquid packets that allow you to mix and micro reduce your THC from anywhere. Just squirt them into some sparkling water or just down it straight up. You do you. It's the same award-winning flavors and uplifting buzz. You can get with can. But you can shove these in your pocket and just rip them open whenever Slurp it si swig it, squirt it, splash it, squeeze it. The opportunities are endless. Head to drink can.com. That's drink CANN dot com and use the code game 20 for 20% off your order of can in a free roadie six K sampler. Once again, head over to drink can.com. Use code game 20 20% off your order of can and a free roadie six k sampler. What are you doing? Can that's the way to go.


This where you used to put up numbers at? Not in this? No, no, no. They got practice in the main one. Yeah, the one that's under construction. That's the one that that I'm doing. I building. Oh you you building that? Yeah, that's what's up. Okay. I'm warming Up man. You ain't got it like that. Kind of like that. I'm trying to tell you. Threes right here Gil. He go to threes. Wait time out, time out, time Out, out, out, out, out, out, out, out. What Time out Time, out time. What we doing? He go to threes. I'm talking about Gil. No, no you good Gil? Just elbow from the elbow.


Gil Hurt. I played in that pro yesterday. Oh. Head hurting. Oh I'm good. You said no you not good. You not 60% Of the league. You not good. 60% of the league. Trust me. You not good. Trust me. Hell no. I just got let it line up soon as it lined up. It's like Robocop. Lemme give him 40 real quick. Oh you got it right hand. I ain't never seen it. Oh come on Man. I got both hands. I got a right hand hand. He's the one. I got a right hand right at it.


Get off me. I got all for you. See that? I, I got the move ball. Oh lemme, lemme take it back. Lemme take it back. Lemme take it back. What you mean? Because you got, you gotta redeem yourself. Why I got to move? You missed the lay Do. I gotta move. Come on. Get outta here. Look at him. This out big time. Look at oh this is easy. I ain't worried about you. Don't. Don't reach. Don't reach. Don't reach. Look at you 10 seconds. Look, don't reach up. Don't reach. I got you. Ah, I'm here. It's over. Sign me up. They gotta cut.


They gotta sign me up. They gotta sign me up. I'm in the league now. It's over. You didn't do that shit on purpose. It is over. I'm in the league. They ain't do that shit on here. Oh Yeah. He shot a brick too. Nope. Shut him down. Stop playing with me. Come on now. I played here. Alright. Come on. My turn. I played here too. That's what I Do. I told you I got game. I played Here two though. I'm back. I played here. How you want two? How you want it? Huh? How you want it Don? Man, I don't respect that. I'm living. I'm living. We living. I here too though. Living. I don't know how you end up all the way over there. We living Yo Three time?


No. Oh God. Oh. I'm All on that. I'm That. I stop you. I'm all on that. I'm all on that part. Two. I locked this shit. Part two. Part two. Oh yeah. You about to shoot that too. You respect it. Nah, you back up. Then you go respect. I'm right here though. I lock that down. He don't even believe in it. He don't even believe in it. I got one off. I know he don't. I should be in the league now. I know he don't. I I got, all I take is one. I should be in the league team. Gotta call me. Shit. Somebody gotta call shit. Yeah. Oh there you go. Oh, there you go.


That's all I, oh, that's all I need too. Come on Kevin. That's all. We one and one. We one and one. You can't score me. They gotta call me to lead. We let the hype crowd hype you up over here. They gotta call me to lead. Let him hype you up over here dog. It's gonna be a different thing when I, when I come out there. I'm right here. I'm right here. I'm worry about that Kev. I ain't worried about it. I'm right here. Yep. There you go. Now you off. Yep. Yep. Amen. I'm Not rolling You garbage man. You don't like. Yep. You don't like that.


Huh? Pause. Pause. That was crazy. My fault. That was crazy. Defense. That was crazy. Mm. You gotta shoot. I don't respect he shot. Oh shit. What'd I tell you? Oh. Oh, he nervous now. We Still one and one. Nah, I gave that. I just did that. We one and one. He Nervous for you. Nervous. Now I'm here. We one and one. Look at him. I'm thinking about it. He thinking about it. You see it in his eyes. He thinking about it. He dunno what to, he don't know what to do. We want him two, one. Me. Oh me. Oh. Call me up. Whoa bro. One of y'all wanna be my agent. Come on Detroit. Y'all need me. Call me up Gil. I don't know what you doing. I'm holding it down. You holding it down for us.


See, when I get out there, he going really at the guard. This going on the reel. Man. This, this is my highlight reel. Shit. This is my highlight reel. This is my highlight reel. I'm getting the league off this. Oh. Not here. You see that? You, you got it. Why you scared? Come on. Got Before. Why I get the ball? That's my ball. Just what's my ball. No, I just, no, no, because I want you to, I'm, I need you right here. Why? Because you gotta get on this poster. I need you on my poster. He don't even know what he want to do. He don't. He has no idea what he want to Do.


I can't believe It. He, he on my posts already though. Three. He got no idea what he wanna do. Three Straight second. 1, 2, 2, 1. Come on. Two, one. Me. Oh shit. I ain't know that. Nothing. There you go. There you go. You used to play on knees, Courts. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I was about to say, this game Right here. That's too easy. It is too easy. Get the fuck. What, what happened? You see? You seen I left. You seen I left? You Niggas fried. Oh, Big. Oh look, He ain't found me. Oh. Go. My God. Oh see you foul. He fouled you.


He ain't made a Lift. So lemme ask your question. I might let you just take lift. So right here. What, what you looking for? When? When the person guard you right Here. He ain't looking for nothing man. What you looking for? Just stop for that. I know I can get to my left hand though. Okay. Two Little step back. Okay. But right now I know I can get right. So I give him a little go on. Ooh. Ooh. He barely able can make that. Come on. It's a, that's a bucket. Alright. Come on. Two. Two. Alright. Now watch this. Now what you looking for? 'cause not a, I'm here. I'm here. Not a, that spink come. That was a foul. That was a foul in leave. Tuck, tuck down. Listen, that was a foul lead because you ain't doing it now way.


I'm holding this down. Let me hold it down. I hold it Down. We too. No, you can't mess with him. You too small. You Crazy. I, I Two for game. Me And you the same Height. This for game. I'm gonna go right here and make that step back right here. No you're not. It ain't gonna happen. Covid killer. Walk it game. Oh. Ooh, ooh. You short. You tired. Man. That workout early. It killed you. It Worked out this morning. Exactly what it is. That workout early. It killed you man Game. Oh. Because you got shot. Don't believe shot that. That's the thing. You don't believe in it. I'm going to this. That's I, I got my highlight bro. I need an agent.


You watching, you watching the stomach. I ain't worried about that. Yeah, you watching the stomach. I know. Yeah. Right here. Right. I'm watching the shoulders right here. Yep. Yep. The shot is, that's over. Come on glass too. That's all Gil. Come on. Hold it down. Lemme just tell you something. This one of my dreams come true right now. Who? Yo. Who? Who am I right now? Am I Damien? Who you Trying to be? You a 48-year-old Am My sha Gil. That's what you are. Don't worry About him. SGA We ain't worried about him. Yeah, Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.


Got he ain't cook You Gil? Yeah. Yeah. Sha Mad Sha Maddy. Shane, Mandy, you gotta step up. D Ooh. Oh yeah. He don't believe in it. I can hear it. He said oh. Soon as he shot it, I believe in It. I just had to see if you, if you was gonna really react. Hey, hey. Yeah. You never see. Yeah. You never see. I gained too much space. Sha mad Off the step back too. Sis. Don't be laughing over this.


Come on Joy. Let him know Shane another one. Five. That's two. Get him up outta here. Jordan. The problem was wild. Got me warmed up too. Shane Glass. Oh. Would that've been disrespectful? Yeah. There we go. Come on. Think gonna get mines back. You ready? I gotta say he ain't got no right hand. You better step up. I promise you. Tell him he better step up. Tell him I need to say one. Tell him he better step up. Oh, I knew coming. Yep. Yep. You better step up. There It go. That's what it is. Any contest it's over with.


Any contest is over with. Yeah. Yeah. I'm here. Shane Shot with the right hand. Fuck you laughing for? you my camera. Man. Don't be laughing. You my camera man. On Steph. Come on Steph. Come on Steph. I played here. Hold on, hold on. Come on, hold on. Yep, yep, yep. That's what I like. Yep, Yep, Yep.


Never, never. Come on sis. I'm coming back sis. Trust me. I know. We ain't worried Jordan. We ain't worried. Yeah, yeah. Yep. Got him Step up. I got him. I got him. I got him. Come on Gilly. He's getting tired. He getting tired. No, I, I Do this all Again. You getting tired? Yep. What's that video? Michael Jordan doing this? The dude. Yep, yep, yep. I ain't going nowhere. I ain't going nowhere. Yeah. And why no?


Hey come on Gil. Dear up. I'm about to go to work now. You ready? About to foul? No. Alright. You ready? I'm about to go to work now. Oh, you have me on that one On. I'm about to go to work now. You getting tired Shawn? Yeah. You're getting tired. Look at it. I see your hands on the hips. You getting tired? Yeah. Oh there it goes. That's what I needed. Oh dude, that's what I needed. Oh, he jumpy. Jumpy got his there. Yeah. Yeah. Good deal. Old man. Good day.


Come on now. Let me stop playing. Oh, he ain't want. Yeah. Yeah. I'm living. That's too many Dribble money. Come on. Here he go now he walking on that. Here he go. You cooking? Hell no. What? Score? Four to two. Don't Worry about it. I won a half court too. What you say? My ball Checker one and a half court too. My ball checker. He tired. He tired. Step in. He played yesterday. You know they don't do back to Backs. You don't in the pro. You know what I'm saying? What, what, what, what is, what is, what is you, what is you listening to before you get on the court? Jay-Z Jay-Z. Threat. What? What, what?


What songs? Threat. That's all you listen to before you get on the court. Jay Shout said, said Jay Betty The entertainer threat you about a dude that's talking. Hold On. Ask me what I'm listening to. I know, but, but, but no, it don't matter. Oh no. I they need to ask me what I'm listening to. Not damn. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm not a damn thing. I'm listening to NWA and Public Enemy. That's why I just came out here and cooked him. I'm listening. A little dirt. You Lost though. It don't matter. It's all love. I won. Get him sweat. He tired. He tired? Yep. Why you holding? Yep. Why you holding? Why I wait for that cross? I'm waiting for that cross.


Why you holding? He smoked it. Smoked it. They can't, what'd I say? What'd I say? Send him. Right. Alright. But listen. Who, who controlling the ox in the hold up? Who controlling the ox? In the, in the locker room. In the locker room. Me Alright. Alright. What's getting played the most? I ain't know. They might not just, they get tired of me playing. Jay-Z I play JayZ. That's all. You play his ho. Jay-Z Drake Future. Alright. What else you played? Dude? Other people grab that ox. Got it. He probably playing baby face. Ray. I say Drake future already. Maybe Gunner. Gunner for sure. Okay. Dirt. What's that? What's that new? What's that New one? Bo Bossman. Dilo? Yeah. Bossman. He nice. Yeah, He nice. Well what did you what?


What is you listening to right now in your mind as you ready to score this now? He Ain't gonna score my defense. You don't Score. Is you making him look bad? My defense is a elite right now. What's playing right now? Threat. Threat Playing. Jay-Z. Step back. Go on left. Yeah, step back going left. Jay, Step I. Oh, step back on left. Come on. It's five to two. I said it Three Times. It's five to two. You still, you only got two. Yeah. Don't worry about it. I score what you had. What you had score. No, we played the three though. It don't matter. I had two score. It wouldn't happen. We played You looking bad 'cause Yeah. Oh look at the pat. I'm this Sha Bat Shane Bat.


My defense is elite. Definitely Foul. Foul. Second time He foul. My defense is, That was three shots. Second time He foul. My defense is a elite in in the loop. The new rules in loop. About to be five up. Watch this. Oh, You have about to be five up. You don't Do the contest. This right here. What's your look? But see, tell you I can't believe I missed this many jumpers man. But to had a game like you do. You got a diet. What's your diet look like? I'm simple. I pretty much eat grilled chicken, salmon, pasta? Yeah, about to be grilled chicken. Oh, Let me back up. He about to be grilled. Chicken Me back up. Don't touch him. Don't foul him. Ke.


There you go. He gonna pull the shot. Gonna contest. I got him now. Yeah. No test Shane. Batier. You gotta get a bucket at Some point. I know my fault. At some point, My fault I was playing around. My body hurt. Oh, he all off? Nah, he all off. What you doing? What you doing when you ain't playing ball? Outside of ball outside of sports. Xbox. I golf a little bit too. Huh? Play a little golf because you good at golf. It's like Me me Tiger. Phil you Tiger. Phil? Yeah. Why you mention your name with them? That's the list. Okay. That's The list. Oh. Step back right here.


Shane. Bat Shane. Bat Yay. Yeah me Tiger. What about Jr R Smith? Phil? Nah, Jr r he close. He not there yet though. What he closed Jr. Close Jr. Beast. Who's up there? Two step? I'm changing. Step Up. I ain't Shane Jr is Beast. I'm Do. I gotta change my Jr. He said he not. Y'all gotta do classic JR Jr. Shout Smith Jr. I'll put you out there on the, on the golf tip. The best golfers at Hoop probably me, Jr. Steph, Mike Conley. That's pretty much it Nick. They like a close second, third and fourth though. Five Two though. It's Six two. I score six Two. You still got two gi? Yes. She Still got no, don't worry about that. Go to 10.


I'm gonna win. That's what you worry about. Step back coming. Step back coming. I know it's coming. The dribble look good. What Right at? You missed it. Two. That's what you worry about. Oh that's what you worry about. Six three. Don't worry about me. What we going to 10. Oh say that. I'm going 10 straight right here. Are you bound? Don't let Me shoot. I'm not playing no more. Oh man, I'm not playing no more. What's that? Six four. I ain't playing no more. Would you Put it on the ground? Put it on the ground. I ain't playing no more already. Oh. Why would I miss that Gil? Four straight. Wow. Four straight. You not, she ain't Four straight Or straight.


Watch you holding the head Shane. Man, Shane bad. Shane bad. Come On. He tired. He don't wanna go get through. He tired. He Tired. Six four. Right. Six four. Rebound. Lemme get it. Step up. Rebound. Tired. You missed me. You tired? It's all you Shit. I ain't tired though. You tired? I go cross. Cross jab. Here we go jab. Get him off. Shot eight, go. I'm there. I could have had you. I still got my hands on you Don. Oh my God. Here we go. Six, four. These courts are being nice to 'em. They loving the og. Let's go.


Oh. Oh Right. What's good with y'all Running for? What's The score? Hey Steve, bro. Six I'll value before you do that. I know that's cool. You better step up. Don't do that. He stops you son. Six up. Dang sis. That's the the second one. One in and out. Sis. It's because you Tired. You got a remote control on the right. I gotta back up. Yeah, there we go. Why I gotta Back up. Here we go. Welcome down. Welcome him down. Oh hold On. I look fake. Look fake. Hold on. There go. Hold on. Hold on. On Faithful. Yeah. Oh yeah.


Oh he done now? Yeah that's a foul. I'm taking that one. Hold on. That's a foul. No you got, that's Greg D by the og. You got him C? Come On. He was talking that mic like I can't pound the ball. Yeah. You tired as hell. Shoot it. Why you closer to shoot it? You top. Oh I'll shoot it from here. I'll shoot it from here. Short. Tired. Alright, let get, lemme get him up outta here. Lemme get him up outta Here. He gonna try to get me outta here. Right here. Come up outta here. Yep. Get up outta here. Right here. Right to the spot. Right to my elbow right here. Yep. Yes.


Yes. Sis. I got a chance. I'm about to take the lead right here. Better step up. Don't do it. You done This three in a row. What? Three? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yep. There you go. Six up. You better step up. You better step up. You know it's going on the ground. Right. I know what's going on The ground. Oh I'm just telling you. You better step up. Alright go. Come on Gilly. Lemme Get to the real. Hey. Hey Yo.


Everything is short. Everything's short. He worked out this morning. His legs ain't there. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Step up dog. You got your one That's three in and out. That's You got your one that dropped in. That's it. That's Okay. Shane. Daddy, At some point we gotta score at some point. You ready? At some point Get the You don't do it.


Go ahead. Pull the trigger. Yep. If you believe in it, pull the trigger. You already he don't. That's the thing though. He don't believe in it. You're shot. Let me step in. You're shot is tragic. He said 60%. That's what he said. 60%. You did say that 'cause hey. Oh man. Hey sha sha never give up. Damn. Call a jerky record then. There it go. All I needed was one That's 7, 7, 6. Oh Shane Batier. All I needed was one. I just needed to see it go through. Eight, six.


It's over C. It ain't over. Let him know. Know, let him know. You talking About it's over. Hey, that's a foul too. Fuck it. That's three. Yo. All I needed was one Sean. You done seen it? Yeah, all I needed was one. It's nine, six Game time. Where do you want? Where do you want me to go? Right there. Right here. Pull it. Oh no. Got one ref. He kicked me ref he, He kicked me. Right. Come On. I'm not going out like that. That's one thing about me. I'm not going out like that. Alright, You got six. Come on dog. He don't like the contest. Damn. 'cause you bad. I was playing.


I shouldn't be playing. You Shouldn't be game over. I give you one chance right here. One drum. Right. That step. I ain't worrying about none that you trying to fool me. Shit. Get him outta you. That Shit. Oh shit. Alright. Before we get outta here, get him outta here. Best outta 10 from here. Best outta 10 from Right here. Tell us best outta 10. Best outta 10 from here. Best outta 10 from right here. Come on Gilly. Yo. Fuck you going. This what you do? Four for six. Come on Gil. Hello. Donny. Wake down.


Come On you can Do. I Ain't losing will. I ain't losing. I ain't losing. We back, back, back. Alright. When it come down to the bottom line. Is he a BM, FA bad? I can't, I can't do nothing. I tried. Sorry dog. I failed. But let me tell you something about failing. You can always bounce back. One more game. One more.


I'm shooting first. You shooting first. I'm shooting first. That Fresh aint for you. Alright, here we go. We gonna start right Here. Start right here. Start right here. Start right here. I'm sorry. One, two. But you might be In trouble this time. He in trouble this time. Oh in it now. Two three. You in trouble This time at least you consistent with it. Two and three. At least you consistent with it. Like that's where two outta three is like where you are. Like that's your, Come on Don. Just missed one. Yes, I missed One. There you go. Come on. Missed the first two Don. And I love you. Good. I love you Mr.


Hall. That's nice. Oh yes. Just miss one more. Miss one more please. God. Is it Yes, Yes, yes, yes. God answer about prayers. We've been filming for about an hour and a half on the Court. Don't take me. Cut that out. Edit that shit. An hour and a half on this court. Make Sure you edit that out. He finally got me one time on an hour and A half on this court. I did. I did. He finally got me. I gave it to him. Wallo over there. I don't Look, he ain't even sweating. Look at my shirt. I look like I jumped in the pool. Walk away.


Oh, you had to watch it too. He had to look back. He ain't know he Made it. He told somebody was shooting at it. Yeah. This N NBA A NB. A size court. You could tell. How long is it gonna take? How much longer? Oh we'll be done in October. Oh we can't get it in the game. We about to. We he can say he's coming down three minutes. Yeah, we getting been there. How long they been working on this? A year, year and a half. Yeah, we started this year and they be done in October. That's that's good. So they gonna have They gonna have the bleachers. Yeah. Bleachers. How many people is gonna sit, I wanna say around this where the high school, this where everybody playing. That's where the high school, high school play. They block. You have what's the name man, whenever you celebrity joint like bring people up here to Yeah, no, no that's the, that's the plan. Like we hey in crazy, you know everybody be in New York City with it. So I just figured like they come right here and it's low key too.


Ain't nobody here gym though bro. Ain't nobody here. What they gonna have a top, what they doing there? So this is the entrance way. This is the hallway that have all the awards. Like kind of like my, my awards showcase area there. The trainer room be up front and then downstairs in the back is the locker room. And you got this joint major. That's major. Oh yeah. It's gonna be, it's gonna be big time. But y'all gotta pull up when we do the we, we we always up. We always come through. We been cutting that be we slide right up here. We only down the road. We seem like This joint. Look for that joint high. The ceiling is high. This there's only gonna be one court. Yeah, no, I mean one, it's not be having the ones on the side side. The ones on the side. So it's loop up about no, six, six.


Two. Two. And then the two on the side are gonna be college length. NBA length college lines. Damn that drawing up. Oh the ones going this way. Going this way. All. And then the NBA one will be this way. God, we was trying to put the hold the backside to be glass but but they could play on that. Like college could. They can't. Could they play on the NBA one? Yeah. It just gonna be different lines. I did in high school. Just the lines are different. Oh alright. But it could be the length. Yeah, the length could be the same. Be crazy man about to break into our own gym. Yeah. This, this shit gonna be crazy. Nah, this is gonna be fire. It cost a bag. Huh? I know this cost a bag. This cost the arm and a leg. This cost the arm and a leg. I'm just looking at the look at how it's built on. Nah, this is this thing cost an arm and a leg.


Yeah. What I'm, what I'm trying to do too, like I'm trying to take all like a lot of kids who are like from the inner city and bring up, you know what I'm saying? Bring 'em up here. No, just to go to school here. Oh that's smart. Like this whole thing is a campus. I to school here. So. So scholarship. Yeah, scholarship to come here play. Like how many? So right now we have two. The goal is, you know, and get more. Get more and more and more. Yeah. Just 'cause like bro, it's people 35, 45 minutes down the street. Have no idea this is here. Nobody. You know what I'm saying? So like being able to kind of show us and that that look beautiful right there. You know what I. It's the middle school that look beautiful. It's the middle school that look like something like a, a resort that don't even look like no middle school man. Exactly. That look like a Then they got the, what's the name up top?


You got the seventh through ninth grade here. And then the high school. High school down the street. They must have just built that. Yeah, this just came about. You could tell they just built that. This was just being built when I was here. So I went from this building to that building to that building. Damn. And it's the headmaster. He the head of the school. He coming down right now. This John. Beautiful man. This is beautiful. Yeah. See he's been here since I was in third grade. Damn cats. He back to slam into the Lambo. Yeah. Adam, What up? How you doing? Oh yeah, this is gonna be beautiful man. Where the showers and stuff. I'm go in right downstairs. So it'll be shit corner here on that side. The whole locker room.


Everything will be downstairs. It'll connect through here. Yep. This, this is length. This is a good length. Yeah, right here. This, they need got the bleachers. That bleach is gonna be go in and come back. Oh yeah. Go into the, yeah, yeah. Scores table. Everything will be here. Oh yeah. They going, this gonna be major. Wait. Nah, the scores table's on that side. Sorry. The stands will be on this side. The stands are on this side. Both sides. Both sides. Both sides. Go back hold about 800 for a game. So you're gonna have this side, there's a lot. Yeah. This side and that side. We could probably bring in at the baseline some. So you know how the cameras be there and all that. So you kind of put the baseline so that way it's a little more, it's like the end of it would be like right about here. And then you have room for people to walk under underneath and all that.


About two quarts running this way. And the main court On. That's major. Yeah. Man, it's pretty wild. They put your picture out. They gonna hold his hold your Georgia jersey and the rafter. Oh Yeah. Put his jersey in the rafter's up top. That's Gonna be the first thing that Goes. Yeah, throw that up. Have that thing up top. And the scoreboard is on that side. And at the natural light that comes in through there. This beautiful man, this joint is huge. See where the wood is there? Yeah. Yeah. That's one of your scoreboards. Yeah. That's your regular scoreboard. Yeah. And then on that end is your video scoreboard? Yeah. The the one that they're putting in. Yeah. Yeah. This is major.


All all do the next episode. I do the same did to you. You can do, you can do it in here. Absolutely. So, so what made you, what made you, what made you just one day say, man, I'm putting this in my school. Man. I think the biggest thing, like I, like I was telling you like, you know, I try to, I have a scholarship when me and my mom, my mom taught here. My sister went here, I went here and I was, that basically takes all kids of color, you know, that don't have the financial, you know, means to come to school here to be able to give them a chance, you know? And I do it through basketball. So my thing was like, all right, you know, if I wanna continue to get the best kids, you know, and that, that you know, wouldn't be here, you know, financially. 'cause I was, I was on scholarship when I was here. So like now it's like how do we continue to build that? You know, it starts with a gym like this, you know, it starts with something like this. You gotta have the facility. You look at all these schools around the country, facilities, they got facil, Top level, high schools now.


College facility. Exactly. So it starts with this, you know, and obviously we continuing to get kids to, to come to school here. And that's my biggest thing. Just show them, you know, I tell people all the time, man, like I grew up in two different Americas. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? There's white America, there's black America, you know, there's a lot of shit we didn't see growing up that we see now. Yeah. I'm trying to show kids that at an earlier age when they get to where We give 'em that exposure that we lack in the inner cities. Exactly. So now when may get to be older, it's not, it's nothing new. You know, they know what You know what I mean. I think that's my, that's my approach. Yeah. You know, when I went about it, it's a great approach. You know, so I'm, I'm excited man. This is, this is the beginning of it. You know what I mean and you know, shout out to my mom, my sister, like I said, they taught here. Community accepted me. Your Sister right There?


My si Taught here. No, my mom did. Oh. My sister went to school here. Oh. Was Say your sister. She could be like 21 or Something. Nah, she, she went to school here. So it's just like, man, my whole family's been here. Yeah. Now it's just like being able to give back. You know, it's important. Opportunity. You Know what I see it also, it shows you how far you can go when you got structure. Man. Structure's important. You know what I mean. He couldn't be up. His mom was right here like On point. Educat him. Sometimes you need that type of structure around you to be able to blossom. Man. For sure. This makes a big difference, man. Makes a big difference. Right. What? Stay. Right, right, right. I bet This is beautiful man.


I appreciate y I was telling the the seats will be on this side. The School there gonna be one court, one court, the NBA court right here. The Big, you see how the sun is on this side at this time of night. Games typically played at seven, eight o'clock. So the sun will kind of come through You know what I mean. It be, it'd be darker by this time in the winter time. But like kind of this will be all glass. You could kind of see through, have the sun come in and kinda get that natural light to it too. And this is all hallways that's connected to where we just were. That gym over there, it all goes down that hallway, the locker room down behind there and go downstairs for the men's and womens. So They not playing. Nah, It's the real deal. It's the real deal. So when I got told while when we do the ribbon cutting and all that, Gotta come through October. Please pull, come Through.


It's gonna be done in October. Yeah. Break the, break The cord in Adam. Adam. October what? 31st October. Halloween. Halloween. Halloween. Y'all got some work to do, huh? No no's Gonna be done. No question. Yeah, I'm telling you this was by the time I first got home to now this was, none of this was done. Yeah, this was, they were quick. They were, Yeah, this was gonna be done. Quick floor gonna be crazy. Big time. The Mitchell Center big Time right here on the side. You know how they had the little c on the court and all that? Yeah. Signature. All that stuff got too out front. Out front. You know what I mean. Yeah. Got Too. You see what's going on man? Yes. Come to Connecticut with Donna Mitchell High School where he came and played. Well I came and played.


Now you give it back. I can't, I can't give it back. Now we in the actual gym that he's building for the high school major, which is, that's just major man when it comes to giving back and especially where you came from. Yeah. You know what I mean and giving opportunities and showing, showing people, you know, especially of color that you know, you don't, it ain't gotta be all bad man. No, it Don't. A place like this give you some type of hope And exposure can change your life. Being exposed to different cultures, different environment, different people can really change your life. And that's what he doing. Going back to the inner cities of America. Bringing kids up here, getting 'em scholarships. So they go to this kid, he had a scholarship here. Now he coming back, building the gym so he could create more opportunities so other kids could get the opportunity to have a scholarship here. Get exposed to different cultures and anything.


And playing the great facility facilities. How you charged up? But hold up the facility. I played in some good facilities in his Yeah. Penitentiary. It's all over the world. No, I ain't talking about that. Right. Listen, right before you, before y'all beat me up in the car, he cooked me. It's cool. I I, the one thing about me, I'm gonna take mine. I cooking. I ain't, he cooked me, he cooked me. I got, I got one went off, but he cooked me an hour and 30 minutes in. Are we good? Hour and 30th. That's the first one. It's the first one you got. Yeah. Hey listen, I take it You know what I mean when you playing get spider, you gotta take out Yeah. You know what I, However You know what I mean. And we had the spiders on. Yeah. Come on now. It worked for me. I did good.


I think he pushed a button every time I, I needed a shot. He push a button, he sneak through the office. Remote control. But man, we appreciate you brother. I Appreciate that. Keep doing your thing man. We came up, got it done. Job had to Just showing us who, who you are and what you about the great things that you're doing, man. And for cooking me, You was on the grill And it's just like that right?