
Hey, Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right? This episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by New Amsterdam Vodka. Now life ain't going your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. I mean you caught your woman cheating today. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. As you can see, we've been shouting over here. It's down to here. You know, So I don't tell you to do nothing that I wouldn't do, but when you're having a bad day, we just need to, you know, kick back and relax.


It's great for pre-gaming football season. You know, baseball season, you know, whatever you need, New Amsterdam Vodka will provide for you. It's to still five times, filter three times for that clean, crisp finish. You could drink it straight up on a rock juice soda or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. But when you're out and about you at your liquor store, don't you walk past this new Amsterdam. Don't you do it? Don't you do that? God damn it. You get that new Amsterdam to the boop. I get it home and drink how you, however you like it, whatever your preference is. New Amsterdam Vodka. The official vodka Barstool Sports, Right?


I swear I didn't know it was y standing around. See you got stick. You know it's getting bad. It's getting bad. Getting silly. You know. You know what's crazy? We've been doing this since 2008. 2019, man, hundreds of episodes. And you, you think of it. I, Damn, I got a docuseries. What y'all done now? No, you got you the most ever way. Four episodes. I swear to God. I got a damn four episodes, a docuseries with y'all. I'm so crazy to see from the beginning. You ain't, you ain't had no rap for nobody. You ain't really even talk in the beginning like was going on.


I, yeah, I remember. Yeah. You know, it was it. It was on over Steve, you still had to loosen up a little bit like I Did. I did. I did. I Did. I, you know, you still, I know how it is. Just, I just got a little old, you feel me? I think we did that. That that 2021, it was limit 2021. I got a little old. I was 25 or something man. 30 man. 31. My birthday just passed, you know, last time. Appreciate it. Last time we was together, man, I ain remember being on the elevator. I told Little Mike the beach. I said, that's your daddy no SI said that.


I said, that's your, that's your daddy. They thought you was playing. I'm like man, you know, rest in peace to beat rest in peace of little Mike, man. Sure. You know, I remember making a call. We trying to get the, the interview board to get, come get Little Mike. It was just the whole day we spent together. Man, that was Surreal right there. That was a Crazy moment. You know what I mean? Remember y'all talked to the dude, you was like, man, do you understand what was going on? What he saying right now, we down Here to get no Money. We trying. We going, man, he gonna give you some money, man. Like what are you talking about dudes? Just, it was funny though. Well y'all had a little brother turned up. He appreciate his, y'all me talking about that all night, all week.


Damn man. You feel me? Even past, you feel me? Big brother still had that little bit of excitement in it. Wanna set ab restive piece to both of the Brothers For sure. Yeah. They sitting right now. That's why they ain't always dark out here. They shining. You feel me? That's that little, you feel me? Shane come across the rising than Dallas Sky ain't like that though. This is my boys up there. Yeah. They know I'm doing this or not. Why you needing the album? My World? Because it is, I just look around it be saying like, You be rapping now or the little artists, you know what I'm saying, who be rapping now and they be like, you know when you in it, you don't be looking at your effectiveness as you have on people.


You feel me? Like I don't know. You be thinking that. It's just regular. Everybody be dealing with everybody the same way. But I know how they approach me. I know now how they approach me or how they look at me. You know what I'm saying? And my music and my team and, and how we doing it. They respect it. You know what I'm saying? And they got a little bit of essence of us in them, you feel me? And you know, it make me happy, but it also let me know it's My World. You know what I'm saying? It's a shine's world, shine's way. It got to be at, you know what I'm saying? We paid for it in every matter way. You can pay for it with money and, and blood and tears and sweat and years. You know what I'm saying?


You know a lot of the people that y'all know to see me with this I know going to be gone for a long, long time. Feel me? E got almost, I don't even wanna say the time 'cause we gonna come back off of it. But I, you know what I'm saying? A lot of guys got significant time. I told y'all about that. I know about that. But it's our world though. They living through me. My World. Let me ask you this, right, because you know, when you, when you, when you winning financially in life, you know what I mean? Very few people ask this question, you know what I mean? Being that we, you know, we, from the ghetto, we take, we took a lot of losses, you know what I'm saying?


How you, how you doing mentally, you feel what I'm saying? Because every day, you know, I struggle, you know what I mean? I'm, I could be in the airport. I think about my son, I think about some of my, I let that head out right there. You know what I mean? Because for me, that's the best solution is just to let it out. But when you winning, a lot of times don't ever ask you how you doing, man, Ain ain't I just, you know, I go through my thing. I don't be, you know what I'm saying, in front of nobody. 'cause I don't be, I don't, I don't, that just ain't what I'm on right now. I ain't showing no vulnerability. Right.


I ain't showing no, no places where I might be south spite that or nothing. So like, like when I go through my thing, like, like you said, it'd be hard to get up with me. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I know. Like, I might be somewhere I ain't supposed to be at. You know what I'm saying? And I, and to come outta that though, you feel me? Like recently it took a lot of life. First I had to be like address like my shame or where I feel me I was doing and why I was at like bro past a whole lot of this. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like coming back and being around and you know what I'm saying? It just, it just ain't the, it just ain't what I, where I'm at right now, you know what I'm saying?


So to to, to get past it, I had to be like, man, you gotta tighten up nigga. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like get your game face on. This is not a game, but I gotta, you feel me? I gotta keep it, you know what I'm saying? So, and handle my business, you know what I'm saying? Ain ain't like I'm gonna be able to tell the fans and, and all of 'em going to relate to me or all of 'em is even real people, you know, a lot of stuff be be a lot of bot and stuff online. So I, you'll never see me do nothing like that. But I had to just, I don't know, just give with myself and just remember like, like you still gotta go like, you know what I'm saying? It's a whole village depending on, you know what I'm saying?


And they might not understand right then and right there why I gotta make some of the decisions I do. But as long as my, my, my, my ends just justify the means or however you say it, long as it makes sense, you know what I'm saying? At the end. And I'll be straight with it. And I, I had to realize that when, when, when I be losing this be, I'll be losing. But when I win something and we win, you feel me in AZ, lot of people be thinking that's a bad thing. But I don't, I don't look at us like no bad thing. I feel like that's my, that's just what came with it. That's my responsibility. So I ain't going to be the one, you ain't gonna catch me crying and you know what I'm saying?


Being all, I don't know. I just ain't going to be that. You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna just stay me until, you know what I'm saying, whatever, however it go, ain ain't going to be on that. But, but, but it, but I, I'm, I'm not necessarily what I'm speaking on. I'm not necessarily saying, I'm just saying. But mentally, you, you, you, you, you know, you, you straight. Yeah. Hell yeah. Better than I ever been. Hell yeah. You Know? I mean, absolutely. I can take some more pain. You hear me? Take some more pain. Gotta go up some more. You know what I'm saying? You know, I'm, I'm used to, what's so crazy is that every time I seen you from the time you come do the interview, the time you shoot bang, bang video, the time we, I was stinging you eating them shrimps with the ketchup on 'em.


Yeah. Every time it was far too Every, you know, every time Ketchup, shrimp, You know, because you remember that day it was the next day we was together all day and everybody was there. All, all your brothers was there, you know. And I'm always seeing all y'all joking all the time y'all together. And you know this, the first time I see you where you just, you cameraman. You know what I'm saying? And I know me for me talking to you, I know how you, how you keep everything together. You carry everybody. You see what I'm saying? So it's just like, best thing I could tell you is just like, just just continue to continue to stay strong. 'cause you know, like I said, you gotta go on your zone disappear.


'cause I check on you time to time. But you know, listen man, I got a better chance of getting rock on the phone than them. This is my Woo. Obama ain't Living. He DM me like Kobe man Living Obama ain't Living. Like that's why he can get, you know what I'm saying? But not, you know. So I be going through my thing. Understand underst, I go through my, you know what I'm saying? I don't be trying to, I ain I ain't one of them people I don't want put that push it off on you feeling. 'cause you might, it might been a good, you know what I'm saying? You might be feeling good or you might, I just don't, I don't know. I just ain't bringing my problems and stuff to no bag. You know what I'm saying? And then I know a lot of people ain't been in my position.


So it just be like to listen rather show than advice. And I'm kinda solution based. So I don't just talk just To Yeah, I did what you're saying. Just, Just to, so you can hear me. You know what I'm saying? So I can cry on your shoulder today In AZ, lot of, a lot of feel different too. You know what I'm saying? Go through some, go off the mat, you know, they find theyself with, you know what I mean? Need to be around this for, for some motivation. So you know, it's all about how, how you deal with what you going through. You know what I mean? Everybody deal with, I Don't even feel like that I'm healing. Like it ain't No, but what I'm saying is everybody go through different, Everybody, everybody Different.


You feel what I'm saying? You know what I mean? You right. You right though. 'cause for me it might not work for somebody else. Right. You know what I'm saying? But I For you, you might just be like, let me lock in. I got turn the phones on. I got to, you know what I mean? I got to, I got, they be like, I need to be around SI need to be around some energy sometimes, you know, some of they say, I can't take this no more. You know what I mean? I guess sometimes, but you gotta just stay, you know what I'm saying? I I, I feel like I had an example. Like I know how a lot of stuff end, you know what I'm saying? When you go down certain road and you make certain decisions, you know what I'm saying? And I'm kind of like a, I I recognize patterns and stuff.


I'm a pattern. I, I don't, I don't wanna say I'm pattern based, but I'm a pattern recognize and other people. So I pay attention to people who done bend down. You know what I'm saying? Certain roads that I could go down and where to get 'em. You know what I'm saying? So I, I'd rather just, I don't know. I'd rather not, you understand what I'm saying? Yeah, I know what you're saying. I, I'd rather not, I'd rather just keep on trying to see where my weight can take me. You know what I'm saying? I don't wanna put it off on nobody else. I don't want to, I feel like I can't get no advice So I don't really need it. You know what I'm saying? At this point it's, everything done went real far, you know what I'm saying? And every aspect in my life, good or bad.


So it's like I gotta just have faith in me So you get how it comes, Take it, how it come. Whoever's right here with me, you know what I'm saying? I can't be questioning it if you with me, I gotta just know. If I feel like you ain't then, you know what I'm saying? I'm gonna let it be that. You know what I'm saying? It might mess up a whole lot of stuff sometimes. But I just ain't gonna go against my first mind. You know what I'm saying? Never gonna have before, but I'll never do it again. You went into the studio to do My World. What was the feeling, knowing it'd been a, you know, it'd been a while. You bringing music out, you got a fan base, crazy fan base. What was your approach?


You know, I got a whole lot of songs. So really this, this batch of songs was just really in a little locked in period of time, you feel me? And, and it's kinda what I came up with. It's a few stragglers that was kind of spaced out, say outside of the 30, 60 day round, you feel me? But everything else is kind of, you feel me, boxed in to where I made it kind of close together on the same day. So it's a lot of, I like to do it because I might not be feeling it. You feel me this week how I feel last week. So when I get in mode, I try, you feel me? Get as many of 'em as I can now. It don't take me that long. So this was like, I don't wanna say it was already ready, but for the most part, I don't go back and make too many edits.


So I really don't make no edits on my song either. So it was kinda already ready, you know what I'm saying? It was just me putting it out, you know what I'm saying? Like I know I owe my fan base a, a whole lot for taking a break. I took, you know what I'm saying, last year in AZ little bit in the year before last. You feel me? So I got 'em, you know what I'm saying? I don't, it ain't ain ain't thinking about how what I need to do or my, if I need to, you feel me, get myself together for a little bit longer. I just gotta go. You know what I'm saying? I know money wipe them tears up from people. You feel me? So I, you know what I'm saying? It ain't going, it ain't going, it ain't, I don't feel like this ones for me, it's around.


This stuff ain't for me. This just for the people who been sticking with me and who, you know what I'm saying? Still here to listen to some of my fans, but it's my real, real fans, you know what I'm saying? One thing for sure. Two things for certain, right? You already know it's DraftKings, the crown is yours. Put it on where. But you know, all the time DraftKings is coming up with new offers and new promos. So today if you bet $5, you get $350 a casino spends instantly on a feature slot game. Just bet $5 and get $350 in casino spends on an instance slot game. Just make sure when you download the app, you put in Promo code GILLIE for the new office and the new promos.


The crown is yours. Where Draftkings right GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly 21 and over physically. President Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only void in Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply new customers only non Withdrawable Casino spins issued as 50 spins per day for 10 days. Valid for featured game only and expire each day after 24 hours. See terms at casino dot DraftKings dot com slash promos. Ends 8 24 25 at 11:59 PM Eastern time. Number one Based on Isler and Cray Jack. Two H two four product analysis. I knew you was a big artist, right?


But when we came to your concert Yeah that gave me a whole different perspective. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? I was like, this is a bigger artist than what I thought he was. You feel what I'm saying? Cause I, he Don't really, you feel me? Like I guess it's just, I don't know, it's just, it's just internet perception. Like I can't, I can't put it in that to a, a ten second story post for the world to know what I'm on. Like, you know, feel me? You just had to be with me to know that you had to been dragging the feet with me. So you kind of know, you probably know more than the average just, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, Yeah. And I knew before then.


Yeah. But, but that just solidified some whole different other because you know, a lot of times when you go see a artist in concert, like, like we wasn't seen 50. Right? Right. And after about five, six songs come on, come on. And you like, I forgot this did did a my 11 songs in something else because you like, oh I forgot this. Had all these, that that's what was going down at Chill concert. You feel what I'm saying? In AZ you had a arena pack, you know what I mean?


Shout out to all the artists that's doing they thing. But a lot of artists got a thousand venue, 3000 venue respectfully. 5,000 venue. Respectfully it you had a arena packed, you feel me? So that really opened my eyes up to like, no really, he really wanted him ones Man that show. I wish I'm gonna get my do more definitely in the future, but I know it's some, you know what I'm saying? Some groundwork I gotta lay at home as far as the community and making sure that we all on the same page with, you know what I'm saying? People feeling like they gonna come out, they know they gonna come out and have a good time. But just making sure ain't no negative press around it.


'cause I don't know what it is. The newspaper or the, the news station. I don't even wanna say which one cause I don't want to get they name wrong, but they just be, I can do something positive. They gonna cover it Negative. I done talked to y'all better before and the show was a good thing for the city. We, We made, we made it back to the hotel night. It Was jumping through There, it was Jumping through her. It was jumping, it was stuff going on. You seen me kept telling Beach like, come on, let's go. Yeah. He just did not want to go. It's crazy. Yeah. But I'm gonna do it again for sure. In, in the future. But I just gotta make sure we all on the same page. I don't want to be on the same project. I don't wanna be on a different page as the local police, the city council, the, the, the non-profit people I'm dealing with the venue.


I want everybody to know that. You know what I'm saying? I'm all on the same thing. They on, we just trying to bring money to the city. Right. And give people a different outlet. The city definitely means some money that night for Sure. They make good money. They did. They did numbers. It was people, Hotels was packed up. But it Was a bunch of people that wasn't from the city. They came. Yes, for sure. Hotels was packed up. It was, it was all right. Restaurants was popping, the clubs was popping. It was All right. It was all right. So It was crazy that night. That was what it was supposed to be. You know what I'm saying? And then even with Big Brother dying, you feel me? Like that wasn't they making it seem like that was at the show? You know what I'm saying though? That was something show related. Like that wasn't, Nah, that wasn't, you know what I'm saying?


So we had already went back to the hotel. Yeah, it was already kicked in. This was Hours and hours Later. Because y'all was like, come out man, come on, come on out Gilly. I was like, man, I'm taking my to the hotel. When I was at the hotel smoking and how I actually even found out rest in peace to the beach, right. Is I'm outside the hotel smoking in AZ girl walk up and she telling another, and I overheard it, But she, I I heard about that. I heard about it. You heard at the, at the, what's your name when y'all was outside? Yeah. I'm outside smoking and she walk up, she's screaming. Yeah. Then little brother and them came up, walked down and y'all seen little brother down, Right?


Yeah. She told them and I'm like, I'm overhearing it. So I'm like, come here little mama, let me what you just say? That was crazy. And she knew me. She like, yeah, Gilly, she ain't even know we was out there with you. You feel what I'm saying? Like I don't even think She was at the concert. She was just somebody that knew Beach was a person in like Beeson had, he coached the number one little league team in the country for like three years. You know what I'm saying? Like number one, like he's out there, him and him and Jew, you feel me? Him and my peoples Jew. Like, you know what I'm saying? They both did it together and you know what I'm saying? All the other coaches and you know, I donated paid for the uniform and stuff like that. So it was our team, they was the, you know what I'm saying?


They had our emblem on, right. They was no one in the country beach done been at practices in the city like day for day at the same place for years. You know what I'm saying? Ain't nothing ever happened to him. Nobody never shot at him. Never been no threat. He never been to jail for being no gang member. No nothing like that. You know what what I'm saying? So I just hate how in the newspaper they was just trying to make it like a gang member got killed. Like Right. And he never been registered. There's no gang member. He's not like what he, he done adopted kids from that team. Like more than at least probably 10, 15 of 'em got D one scholarships. They four and five stars right now from the city of Louisville, Kentucky. You know what I'm saying?


Right. Like stuff that never happened. Right. And all y'all could say is a gang member. Like what? It don't even make no sense. Right? Like why would y'all categorize it as anything but a, a positive, you know what I'm saying? Role model for the kids or you know, whatever. However y'all can put it. Y'all don't even, y'all can just say a black man, y'all don't gotta put gang member. But it is just a stigma they try to put on it and try to make it like it don't matter. Right. You know what I'm saying? But because it matter, we all matter. You know what I'm saying? 'cause if if, and I'm just hypothetically speaking, if they trying to build any type of case on to throw it out there, that's a gang member, You know how it go.


Yeah. You, you feel what I'm saying? Just trying to make it look like something that it ain't, you know, Especially if this, how do, and and, and that's what's a shame that somebody could be out here and I'm, I'm speaking on anybody could be out here doing for the community do for the kids Like face on, on scene. Like helping the kids known in the community for helping the kids and then get caught up in some shit. We don't even gotta speak hypothetical. Right. B got kids that got, he changed the, all the kids is great kids. They know I love 'em. They know, you know what I'm saying?


Coach G, uncle G whatever, they know I beat changed the trajectory of some of they life. They mamas and they daddies know it. You know what I'm saying? Right. He's hands on with them every day at the same place. They never felt none of them parents never black, white, Hispanic, you know what I'm saying? Anything Asian, they never felt uncomfortable having their kids around. You know what I'm saying? Beach or any of us. Yeah. And so y'all think that these parents with these kids that's got exceptional talent, they could take 'em anywhere to play people's driving from an hour away to come play on our team. You know what I'm saying? You think they'll just let 'em do that? If it was a, a gang member coaching them or somebody, they can put 'em in danger. But my point is, it'd be a lot of guys like that in the community all over the country.


Yeah. And then they get caught up in some, in something and the, the media put muscle on these dudes jackets Crazy. You know what I mean? And then a place like Louisville, we don't really got no, it ain't like Inde. It might be, I might be wrong, but I don't think it's not a lot of real visible independent media where you can get like unbiased, you know what I'm saying? Information about what happened. So it's, it's real like, you know what I'm saying? Like what? It's real political, you know what I'm saying? It's love and You know Media Today, media today, the story is better to run with. He was a gang member that run with, he was somebody that helped. That's gonna Get you a rewrite. You going to get a, you gonna get to do another spinoff of it in a couple weeks to Update.


We living in the media days where the negative is always better than the positive. Well we gotta value life though, you know what I'm saying? We gotta value life legacy in our names. Ain't nobody perfect, but let's not put nothing on nobody that that ain't, you know what I'm saying? But that's why we got a platform For sure. And you expressing right now and you keeping his legacy alive right now. And you telling who Beach was right now for sure. You feel what I'm saying? For sure. So you know when, when, when, when, when, when God wants you to do his work, he going, he gonna let you do it. You feel what I'm saying? He put mustard on the on Beat's jacket. Put you here to clean it off right now. Yeah.


I been, I could hit the magic erase on the same day. You feel what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You just gotta, it Ain't just right now. Right now we just getting it out the cleans that song. When you, When you young I feel like you used to and from my type of communities, I feel like you used to fight and stuff a certain type of way. You know what I'm saying? Or like trying to make something happen a certain type of way when it's like jaded or you feel like it ain't what it's really supposed to be. You feel me? In AZ, lot of us don't get to get old enough or have the pleasure of getting to a age and having some plans come to fruition to where you can see like you gotta every just like you grow and evolve the way you fight for yourself and people you love gotta evolve to.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Because you see, you start to see different routes as you get older. You always, when you a person like us, you feel me, you gonna always want to defend yourself and defend your people. You feel me? Right. It ain't really necessarily starting no problem, but you gotta defend yourself and that change as you get older. You know what I'm saying? Right. It can't just be banging your head against the wall on the concrete, dragging your knuckles. That ain't really what it is. It's, it's, it's, it's take longer and it's more strategic but it's not if you really got good character, you know what I'm saying? Right. It's just about like, I might not be the most media, you know what I'm saying, hungry or just, you know what I'm saying, want to do the most interviews and stuff like that how niggas do.


But if I got somebody around me that do and they know my character then feel me they can speak for me on camera whenever it come up. You feel me? And I feel like that's the way we gotta just learn how to fight different. You feel me? It is different. It ain't just, you know what I'm saying, hand and fist. It really, it's, it's really as you get past a certain age, the court system ain't got no, you feel me sympathy with you for nothing like that. It can be acra of passion you to be dead. Right. Yeah. It don't matter. Right. You know what I'm saying? Don't get caught up in no election year or nothing crazy like that. You going to get get knocked over your head. Yeah. You got a certain zip code on your birth certificate. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You know that that it it it should, it is sad to say Right.


That should come with growth. But it's sad to say what a lot of s it don't because when we first, when when we that grow up, how we grow up. Right. You grow up in the ghetto. The wares though. If you don't defend yourself, you and now you just, you just free to be with at any time. Yeah. So you gotta stand up, you gotta poke your chests out. You gotta let it be known that you feel what I'm saying. You don't Gotta win tomorrow but you gotta fight though. You Right. Exactly. So a lot of times when we come up in a, in a, in a, in a certain environment niggas don't even really don't even wanna be like that.


Niggas just want to be regular niggas. Right. But it puts you to a certain point to now you gotta be like that. You gotta have some certain type. I can't let niggas play with me 'cause if not let niggas play with me then the next nigga going to play with me. And then, but then when you get older it's supposed to be like okay now I'm doing real shit in life. You feel what I'm saying? I'm I got a son, I gotta and shit's supposed to change for you. A lot of times a lot of niggas still stay stuck in this place. Even when they got real shit going on in real life. They got kids now you or you got an apartment now you got bills every month that come but you still stuck in a little kid fucking mindset.


You feel what I'm saying with growth supposed to have you to be like I can't even kick it with main man no more. 'cause we not on the same shit bro. You still stuck in a time that don't exist no more. We grown ass men now. A lot Of niggas be be be, even though you might be grow up in a, you know what I'm saying, an environment where it's tough or whatever. But a lot of niggas be spoiled. You know what I'm saying? They don't gotta be No no man. Like so nigga have kids and all, you know they momma going to be able to watch 'em. Absolutely. They know, you know what I'm saying? They aunties, I don't Or they came across a bitch who she just wanna keep the other side of the bid.


You feel me? So like that she got a good job, she could pay all the bills and she just wanna keep the other side of the bid. Yeah man. But ain ain't got ain ain't never, that ain't never feel me been my thing. Absolutely. So maybe my path was just structure for growth, you feel me? Right. And even I don't got no, my mama can't wash my, my sons none of my kids. You feel me? Yeah. My, my my granny, you know what I'm saying? She's taking care of her mama. They been living where they live at for, you know how I go with the granny. Yeah, absolutely. I done asked them five, 10 times please come and they, you know. But I respect it though. 'cause once you got something that yours, you want, you know what I'm saying? There's memories in that. You know what I'm saying? Spot. But I feel like stuff like that, even past some street shit.


'cause that shit's so watered down now. 'cause anybody could take they story and put a street twist on it and make it so cheesy but just real man shit. You feel me? I had to figure out and do for myself. You know what I'm saying? Like ain ain't got, I don't do no babysitting daycares and shit like that. Like I I I'm not always trying to be right. You know what I'm saying? With none of the women in my life, you feel me? My kids mamas, I can't. I know I can't. You know what I'm saying? Even if I am right, I might be wrong. You know what I'm saying? In AZ, part of being a man is growing up and knowing that, you know what I'm saying? I feel like niggas be babies when they be, you feel me? Whining about certain type of stuff and you gotta learn it.


Especially if you ain't got nobody to tell you. You know what I'm saying? Because how else you going to figure it out? I don't know. Maybe a book. I don't know. They got no books on feel me really being On real life man. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I don't think it is. You know what I'm saying? If it is, they got that bitch put up somewhere in the Vatican somewhere silly in AZ safe spot somewhere. They can't get to it. You feel me? You know, You know what, what? What's your favorite song on My World? This episode of Million Dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by JackPocket. Feeling lucky. Well get ready to try your Luck with JACKPOCKET America's number one Lottery app with Jackpocket.


You can order Powerball and mega million tickets right here on your phone. Just whip your phone out. Oh, Whip, whip, Whip whip it Whip. You could play right there on your phone. They even have official state Lottery games every day. That's up to millions up for grab right there on your phone. Is that easy? America's number one Lottery app is right there on your phone. No more running to the stores no more. Nah, nah. Just whip it. Whip it right out. It is right there for you. So download it right now. Whip it out. Come on, come on, download it. Punchy Cole Gilly. And you get a chance to win some money. That's Cole Gilly. Don't wait. Download JackPocket now for your chance to win.


Good luck and don't forget to put that code GI in GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 18 or older 19 or older in Nebraska 21 or older in Arizona. JackPocket is a Lottery courier in non affiliate with any state Lottery Eligibility restrictions. Apply Void where prohibited Opt in for $5 in non withdrawable Lottery credits that expire in 168 hours. Terms at jkpt dot co slash draw five Based on 2024 iOS download data collected by Sensor Tower sponsored by JackPocket. Right? Welcome to another episode. A million dollars Mworthofgame. Yes. Business spotlight where we give you, I'm talking about some top flight game. This system right here, she's not playing games, I'm talking about the AP University. She's gonna give you a free masterclass teaching you how to make 10 k monthly via digital products and marketing.


What you need to do is you need to go to build the balls challenge.com or you could text balls to 8 4 4 4 3 5 4 7 2 2 8 4 4 4 3 5 4 7 2 2. We talking about Ariel Pryor. She's not playing. Why you not playing? Tell her why you're not playing it. How did you set the game? How did you step into the game? Tell us how you, Okay, first off, I'm not playing because I've managed to build a seven figure business at age 21. But it didn't start like that. I can tell you how it started. I started as a hairstylist on the south side of Chicago. I was doing hair from age 14 through age 19. When I was 16, I made my first $100,000 physically behind the chair. The next year during a pandemic, everybody came flooded with money.


They came, everything was times two. So since I made a hundred thousand when I was 16, COVID came when I was 17, I made 200,000 a year. But this is the thing, and this is why I teach people how to make passive income, because I'm like, I wanna be a millionaire. I, I wanna be a millionaire. Like I'm just, it feel like I'm just going for scraps, going for clients, doing all this physical labor, trading my time for money. I'm like, if I wanna elevate, if I wanna make the amount of money that I wanna make, I can't be trading my time doing physical labor. So I decided to retire here and take online serious. I turned my expertise into a digital product. People weren't attracted to exactly what I did.


It was how I was doing it. How are you marketing so good to generate this amount of revenue? How are you building this engagement? How are you building your following? Why? How are you so consistent? So since the demand there was for me to teach, I started teaching it. And this is the catch. And this is what I teach people how to do. I started with the 1999 products and I sold that 1999 product. So, so many copies of how to start a hair business, right? So I'm doing hair, I'm like okay, I know what's billions of people in the world that wanna learn how to do hair. So I'm gonna make a ebook teaching people how to do hair for $20. So I was making 20, 30,000 physically, but with my digital product I made 30,000 my first month selling a digital product.


And I'm like, wait, I didn't have to ship nothing. I didn't have to show up for nobody. I didn't have to stand up all day. If I take this serious and go times 10, I can make a crazy amount of money. So I kept doing it and then I started teaching the marketing. I started teaching marketing. I dropped the marketing guide because I'm like, okay, the only way to generate this amount of revenue is through master and social media marketing. Because it's not what you do is how you do it. And it's not the best products, it's the best promoted. That's what people don't understand. All right? So I started teaching marketing and then from there it just really like blew up. And I've taught over 20,000 people right now. I got over 50 mentees starting from age probably 16, 17 to age probably 60 years old.


So it's not really my age for me because a lot of people say, oh you're 21, how can you know so much at 21? How can you be a business coach at 21? 'cause I put the time in and some people not willing to put the time in and get the right advisors in the right strategy. But I lay the door open to give and try and duplicate another me. I wanna duplicate another me. You know what's crazy man? And that's why I'm gonna blame you, man. You remember when we were 17, we was gonna go to school to be hairdressers man. 'cause it was a lot of money into it. But you was, you thought it wasn't a cool thing to do, man. I told you I thought we, I thought we was better stripping. Yeah, that was cool. I Hair is a billion dollar industry. But it's, if you play it right, it's if you play it right because everybody, oh I wanna start selling here. I wanna do here. But you wanna live this certain lifestyle.


You wanna be a millionaire, you wanna be a multimillionaire. Oh you wanna go open a brick and mortar salon suite, a open floor salon. You are still capping the amount of money that you can make. If you be that person to go teach others, you'll make a crazy amount of money. You'll reach a bigger audience. 'cause everybody trying to go on social media. Oh, I wanna sell digital products, I wanna do virtual offerings. Okay? But you need to make sure that you are just turning your expertise into a digital product and selling it for a low price to as many people possible. Okay? Because if you try and get this client, that client, if you're promoting yourself as just a service provider, you are only promoting the next person to come sit in your chair. So if they don't live in Chicago, how are they gonna put money in your pocket?


If they live in another country, how are they gonna put money in your pocket? You are not giving people a chance to put money in your pocket. So it don't matter how much marketing you're doing, if you don't even have the offering ready to make the passive income, it won't be there. Now let me ask you a question. So in this, in this masterclass, right? Like what, what do I like? Like if I'm just coming in there and I don't know nothing about here, how, what do I, what do I learn? What is it? It is perfect. I love when people come in not knowing nothing because that that leaves room for them to get the most progress and to build the proper foundation because people do not build their brands on a proper foundation, right? It's in the Bible, you plant seed, it's in a rocky foundation, thorn's gonna cover it, it won't grow.


This gonna happen, that gonna happen. So it gives me a chance to make sure that people are doing it right and not just trying to rush and get to the money part. So in my masterclass, I teach people how to make $10,000 a month passively. Yes, you can start from zero because it's about strategy People, people see the number and they be like, oh my god, I don't have any followers. I don't know God. Not think about how many followers you got. Okay? If he gave you the vision, if you got the anointing, if you got the talent, you can put your plan together and make however much money you wanna make. He not thinking about how many followers you got. He not thinking about you didn't quit your job yet and you about to take this risk. He's not thinking about that. So I get him the game on that.


But then I also teach them how to master marketing that actually turns into sales because people think just because they are getting up and posting videos and making, making content, everybody, content, content, content. Okay. If it's not intentional, if you don't have the right call to action, if it don't make sense, it doesn't matter. If I see a video that's whack, I'm not gonna care. I'm gonna keep scrolling and I'm not gonna buy it. So it's a way to actually make content that converts it to sales. You have to know what to say, you have to know how to say it. You have to know who you're even selling to. So I teach people that because again, like it's not just about me putting myself out there every single day. It's how I Did it. It's not what I Did, it's how I Did it.


And then also a lot of people always say, oh I don't have any money. Listen, I'm the type of person, I'm not gonna let you make excuses because it's no room for excuses. If there's a will, there's a way. So you can't tell me you don't have strategy, you can't tell me you don't have to market and you can't tell me you don't have money because I'm gonna show you how to obtain over a hundred thousand in business funding. So if you, if you need that startup, if, if you need whatever, I got it. So I also do it for free because I want people to challenge themselves, right? Because that's gonna show me what type of person that you are. What do you do with your time, what do you do with your day? And when you get this information, do you go learn, oh my god, I'm so inspired, I'm so motivated, and then get up and do nothing the next day? Or are you gonna implement these strategies that I just taught you for free?


Now this what I wanna know, being as though you was a beautician, right? All these years we know a lot of recording artists and, and he want to learn how to braid so he could do a lot of these dudes hairs and stuff like that. Oh, okay, okay. Like, like how could you teach him how to braid and all that stuff? Like how much, how much oil to put in the hair or how much white Wrestling. I don't really teach here anymore. I've like, I've made my offerings pretty general to people in any industry. So if you're in a hair industry, clothing industry, estheticians, like literally entrepreneurship is my general thing because entrepreneurship is about systems. If you have a system behind anything, you can grow it and you can make a certain amount of revenue and it is duplicatable. So that's why I'm able to mentor people in multiple different industries.


And if I did sell anything to you regarding here, I will sell you a digitally, I will sell you a digital tutorial so that you can go back and watch over and over again and probably make your own and resell it and make hundreds and thousands of dollars without having to do any physical labor. What Was your biggest digital product sell that you sold the Most? Oh my big, so my biggest, it's two things. So my hair vendor, I started selling a wholesale here vendor because I'm like, okay, people wanna start hair businesses, they need the plug and they need the source and they need a good one. So I went directly to China to source and test my hair vendors and they made a list selling it for $20. I made over $300,000 selling just that one product, their WhatsApp phone number.


And then I decided to do hot ticket products. And this was most recently, I dropped a high ticket product and I made over $150,000 in 30 minutes. Damn. So, but no, I'm going back to that hair vendor thing. 'cause you always see people in there online, somebody selling the vendor. But how you know the hair be good a lot of Times because that's the thing. I know how to market, I know how to promote and I know how to prove it. I took a 28 hour flight to China multiple times and I made sure I marketed it correctly. So I got my videographer with me. I'm doing my videos. I'm, I got the vendors on there talking. I'm showing it here. I I, I'm giving examples like this hair is long lasting. Yes, you can keep re-wearing it. Yes you can start your business and resell it for profit.


The prices are not crazy. I'll show you the prices. And then what I love is when the tariffs came, people like Ariel, how's that gonna hurt your business? You sell wholesale vendors in the tariffs. I love when stuff happened like that 'cause they worked in my favor because my wholesale suppliers have USA locations. So now I'm on Instagram promoting like tariffs too. Oh them tariffs ain't stopping nothing. Come shop with my wholesale vendors. They got USA locations and China locations. So you don't have to worry about nothing that's going on in the world. So it's like you gotta always be ready. You gotta know how to navigate. You gotta know how to be innovative. And I just press it. That's why I just be teaching. 'cause you gotta press it. But then you gotta understand that it's a 1% for a reason.


It's a successful 5%, 1% for a reason. Everybody not millionaires. Everybody not billionaires. Because you can give a group of people the same information. Say you get 50 people, the same teaching, only two people probably gonna really implement it and come out millionaires just because how people operate. Now where did you get this energy from? The energy the game. Who gave you the Game? Ain't nobody gimme the game. When I, okay, long story short, when I was in Chicago, I had to start taking care of myself when I was 10 years old. It was times where I didn't even have food to eat. We had to walk to Walmart across me and my family had to walk to Walmart to go in a hot food section and eat the food in the store and leave. Sometimes we even got caught. I thought I was gonna go to jail.


Yeah. But it was just like that, right? So I'm like, I can't depend on my mom. I can't depend on my dad. My brother's outside carrying watermelons for tips for $20. That's not enough to feed all of us. I'm like the only person that's able to change my situation is me. And that's why I started that business by the time I was 14. I left the house when I was 10 and started doing extracurricular activities. But then once I found the chance to make some money, I asked the owner of the dance studio I was at, can I work for her? She gave me a job at a daycare when I was 12. That's when I started making like $300 every two weeks. And I used that money to invest into wholesale supplies, to resale sunglasses, resale headbands. I was selling chips, candy, whatever. And save my money, save my first $1,000.


And I just kept building and building. That's why I don't let people say I don't have enough money. 'cause you can start. I started selling bags of chips to save up to restock inventory. I started selling sunglasses that was wholesale probably $2 for $10 to build up my first couple thousands. Like you gotta be willing to start somewhere. Yeah, That's what, that's what I'm talking about. Listen man, what you gotta do, man, as you can see she got a million dollars mworthofgame. She's giving you the product, digital product in the marketing. So you can make 10 k monthly. I'm talking about she's not playing games. Go to build a boss challenge.com or you could text boss the 8 4 4 4 3 5 4 7 2 2. Listen, Ariel, go to Ariel Pryor on Instagram.


Listen the AP University giving out a free master class teaching you 10 K monthly. How to make 10 k monthly on digital products and marketing. This is another episode of Million Dollaz River game straight from Chicago. She been doing this since She was knee high to a butterfly. Okay. She been, she been grinding, she ain't playing no games. You know it. She said, listen, I don't want to hear you ain't got no money. Your money is out there waiting for you if you willing to put the grind in. Yeah, this is another episode, a million dollars River game business spotlight in it. Just like Dak, right? I just dropped one that take my time. That bitch luck. That's like, I don't know, I feel like that's a just a, that's supposed to be the intro song for my, for my power type show.


When I put my feel when I put mine together, it's gonna be the intro for it. You feel me? That's gonna be part of my intro songs. That's one of my favorite songs. But it change every day. Most recently had one, you know I'm big on intros, you know what I'm saying? So the intro I got, I'm gonna have, I got, I sample that Rich Kids I think as soon as feel me, bro sampled it. I got to seeing it on TikTok Motherfuckers Was was, I'm like, damn, that's crazy. I might catch me a little play right there with the, yeah, but that's one of my favorite songs. I feel like that's like a, like a, that's like a, a anthem. You know what I'm saying? I say in the atlas, I'm gonna ball forever, you know like the whole song for a lot of the songs.


And that's how I feel like, I feel like I got to marry the ball forever. And like a certain part of you gotta like, cause I feel like we made to be like people pleases 'cause you know what I'm saying? Certain people 'cause all your whole life you hearing when you get woo woo make sure you do this for me and you really love these people, you want to do it. You know what I'm saying? But at a certain point you gotta get to like where you cool like man, I done did what I can do. I got to, you know what I'm saying? I got to get some more. So it can still be some, you feel me? Something to play with for you, for whoever going to do whatever because you know, it might not go right the first time. You feel me Give 'em something.


But it's the intro that's like the, the anthem for that for niggas who's like on they on they third, fourth phase of balling like you done went up and down 10, 11 times. Yeah you gotta, you got a leash on the ball. You know what I'm saying? Intro. And what's another drum? Any features? Gotti? The only feature on there, it is the hardest Gotti verse since I don't want to say because that's my man, but it's the hardest Gotti verse of 2020s, I believe I put whatever on it. You went there. That's the only feature I got on there is Gotti. Why only Gotti on the album? I was gonna go Lil Mike, but you know what I'm saying. Lil Mike got a whole album ready, two of 'em for real or partially ready.


And I want to make sure that when I put, you know what I'm saying, one of his songs that I put his stuff out that his mama can't, you know what I'm saying? I got, I know what to Tell her so that her business is straight so she can benefit off of it. You know what I'm saying? So I chose not to throw the little Mike songs on there, but I'm gonna make sure I get out everything straight so he can fully, you know what I'm saying? His people can fully benefit off of him because they love him. You know what I'm saying? They know I love Lil Mike. Why else? Who else I think about putting on there? It ain't really, I don't know. I don't be thinking about, I gotta be there with you, you know what I'm saying? Like, to make the song with you. Oh, you don't send no, you don't send nothing around.


Nah, nah, not for real. We got be there like you can have, you probably can have something that I done recorded somewhere at, if you was there. Like future, future probably the worst nigga with that. We probably got, I don't know how many songs, but I never hear 'em again. And he don't remember 'em, he don't remember what they was called. Or you gotta know the day we made 'em all, you know what I'm saying? So I don't know. I ain't, I I don't really be, especially not this point in my career, like I'm trying to, You got something to say? Yeah. I, I, I'm trying to get off right now. I'm trying to get it off my shoulders right now, dude. It is the best way. I know how it is. The strange Way Then, then you been, you've been holding your fans off for a little minute. So it's best that you come back by yourself and they like, man, that nigga Hungry man.


Let 'em hear my voice for a second. You know What I mean? You see this? What's that day? What's name? That's this shoot. Look at that man. That's a hell of a video. Was that early in the day? Yeah. You remember we was doing soundcheck? Yeah. That Shit, you know, he starts sweating And even Though he, he died in all this shit. I know. That was the devil. He died in all this shit. All the jewelry and everything.


You know That's my mama's Birthday too. I know. We was supposed to go to the grave site. Yeah. Still ain't, that bitch was crazy. It was crazy man. It was crazy. Man. G. Wanna go?