
Hey Million dollars worth. Of game listeners You can find every episode on Apple podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right?


What if the golf ball you're playing isn't the number one ball for you? Meet the all new TP five and TP five X from TaylorMade. Whether you prefer the softest five layer tour ball in the TP five or the fastest, that's now a half a club longer in TP five X, you'll be playing a golf ball that performs like it was built just for you. Available in white, yellow and picks. You can personalize it with my symbol no matter which you choose. Every TP five. TP five x is designed to help your game. Head to Taylormade golf.com today to find the number one ball for you.


Say hi to Can Social Tonics Can Social Tonics spikes their seltzer with weed. Each can is bundled with five simple clean ingredients to deliver the perfect buzz. And a buzz that doesn't backfire can comes in three award-winning flavors. Blood, orange, cardamom, lemon, lavender and grapefruit. Rosemary can comes in a variety of doses for every drinker ranging from two milligrams to five milligrams of THC. Head to drink can.com. That's drink CAN n.com. And use code Barstool 20 for 20% off your order of can and a free roadie six pack sampler can is not for use or purchased by persons under the age of 21. Can products contain less than 0.3% Delta nine THC that is derived from hemp Do not claim to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and have not been evaluated or approved by the FDA.


A Louisville, Kentucky man is going down. We right here tonight. Million dollars mworthofgame Man. ESG. Listen, it's going down Million dollars. mworthofgame Man. ESTG and Friends Listen man, Louisville, Kentucky. Man, it is going down. We right here tonight. It's, it's gonna be a lot of big stuff going on.


I might come out, wouldn't even be, I gotta cut. We got one cut We did. We might do that cut Market right there. My market's. Why I'm, that's, I'm listening. I'm gonna come from BA just like that, like You know what I. So it's going down. Million dollars worth the game. Man. We a long way Prison talent shows. Yeah, for real. Like I, I used to tear the talent shows up. Yeah. So now when I jump on to join the X come out, you ain't even knew he was three times Champion prison. Talent shows come out 13 years straight. I ain't know it was just three. They said 13. He had No, he had three years back in the years I was just a backup single on them joints. So it was cool. So it didn't count? Yeah, they didn't count like that. But I had my own town where I killed it. But listen, it's going down a Million, Dollaz, Worth, Game, Listen man. We in Kentucky man. Louisville. That's it. Listen, write this shit down. Listen, lemme tell you something.


He still ain't taking me to the island though. We ain't go to the aisle. I told him I'm trying to go to the island through that right now. I'm waiting for him. You know what I mean. It's a big day man. It's going down the Best Y'all here man. Stop playing With man. Where y'all gonna go eat at? Ain't got you ain't got nowhere Where you at the spots Lined up. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I don't know what y'all know. Y'all in Philly. Y'all be, y'all don't be eating? No We ain't Eat no boy. He don't be eating no pork and shit like that. He wants some pancakes nigga. You Just want some pancakes man. But when they get lunch though, chickens quiet. Ain't no KFCs or nothing like it gonna go Andy Chicken King, something like that.


Watch when y'all see, you know the first chicken was literally born in Kentucky. That was the first chicken ever was there. Kentucky Fried Chicken Uptown right there in the parks uptown. A couple The fuck out. Look it up. First Chicken. First Chicken was born in Kentucky. Yeah, I told him he's surprised. I already know how to deal with the Philly niggas 'cause of Chip. You feel me? I already got y'all Dope. The first chicken was born in Kentucky in the project. The project The fuck outta No he think, he think you talking about a chicken. He think you talking about a chicken. What sale do the motherfuckers make? I almost said quack. Quack. That's wrong though. What is, what the fuck do they bogan? That's what he saying. He know what I'm talking about.


Bogan Bogan. That's what he said. One of real motherfuckers born Kentucky. The first one. That's why it's Kentucky Fried Chicken. That's why He stole Colonel Sin Stole it from a slave. You know they got Bojangles sitting there. That's really the nigga that Colonel Center stole it from Bo Jingles. Yeah. They get the fuck outta threw Your history on this shit. Bo Jingles stole it from Kentucky Fried Chicken. Stole it from Bo Jingles? Yes. Yes. His restaurant started years later. Mo Jenga started years later after KFCI guess or whatever was at first. You think it's is bullshit chicken shit deep man. That's why we can't get past it.


We still look like we in 1888 or some shit down. Smoke, Chicken wolves, Chicken wars. That's might be where money going to start me. A series Don. Yeah, chicken, chicken war and how it happened. That shit was serious. Real hundred years later they Yo, how Popeye's come in? I don't know nothing about pop now you would've took this shit out that you lying nigga. They Louisiana all bread nigga. Nigga he seen how they was getting it up here and trying to go down there and do his thing. Nigga said they all Bread. Yeah they all friends. They ain't really you Know Man, I'm down here. This nigga telling me the first chicken ever was born in the projects and I, I'm going take it. Why y'all get down to eat?


We going go on to history. Let you Do. I know y'all ain't been up through now trying to get to the hour. Yeah. Come I'm gonna, it ain't that far away. Hour right over here. He Pulling right up right now. You in the water right now. You get on the highway, it's the water. You feel me? So this is the water right now. When you, when you get out the waters in now. Right where I live at, you feel me? About eight minutes down the, up the highway. That's the island. You know what I'm saying? You on land. Where your brother, he got out. He on side. You on solid ground. Lemme lemme explain something to you. 15 years. This was the job I was going fight my case but when they say they got a, a special, a special top flight witness and Gil walked down to the stand. I said oh I'm done.


I'm taking my time. I can't take, I said Gil walked. Gil walked out. Listen, listen, he walked out. Listen, he Playing like damn bumps over dead serious. Gil walked, he like this, walked out. He had the tight suit on. He had his tie. Yes man I was playing Man, Dude do do you know the man that committed the crime? Yes. Right. That's Why y'all call nigga in The world nigga man. What his, his name Wallace. How do you know him? That's my cousin. He did that. I said all look, I plead guilty. I said I'm done. I ain't even know what he looked like he had makeup more than anything. He Man they said they haven't stopped. I said oh no I'm done Witness. They said they had it. They said They got me. The Gil walked out in the, Walked in shoot off.


I said no I'm Hey You better ass nigga. You Better not be laughing. Hey Don't be telling nobody Do I. Swear to God. Look, look what father here looking damn serious Man. this shit, I'm done damn serious. When niggas is trying to get in the game and niggas ain't got no money, all niggas need is some studio time. Then when the niggas got all the money, all the dick sucks. All the cars, the jewelry, the drugs, they got everything they need to operate now. They can't get in the studio. Man You had a 600 studio. Oh man I take a break man. Huh? What are you talking about?


When you never had to take a break, when you done had no money and y'all had to go half on the drugs, what you got? Man, come on man. Now you got unlimited bitches, unlimited drugs sometimes That be A problem. Unlimited studio time nigga don't Need unlimited nothing. You feel me? That's them unnatural. I'm figuring that out. You can't have you what? Unlimited. But think about it. It's Gonna make you look at it how you ain't supposed to look at It. But think about it when you was at a certain standpoint, right. If a motherfucker said dog, I give you all the studio time if you want, niggas would've lost their mouth. That's all I need. It's on, it's up. Let's get it now.


Niggas get so comfortable with them, Dick sucks. Sure. And bitch doing taking them to Gucci World. Yep. All that shit getting Gucci, Gucci World. Yeah. What the fuck is Gucci bitch get that Gucci nigga used to. Hey you know, you know. Hey, Hey I ain't gonna Know man. You using Gucci Like that. Get up. What doing In the background? Hold on man. I got, I got some man I can't, This ain't cool to play like that. Listen, but listen, all young men and young niggas across the nation, all of, but hold on my bad. Back to man. It's good, good. All the young niggas across the nation, man.


Whatever. They just called it Gucci man. Yeah, don't be no, don't go to Gucci man. Don. Listen, don't Listen man. Don't do that. You don't let you, don't let a bitch get to your to, to your motherfucking to your cakes man. Nah, listen, listen. Hold on. Bring it back. Bring it back. Bring it back. Bring it back. Don't go to Gucci land. That's what he said. Not Gucci. Man. Motherfucker don't go because listen, once you go there, it ain't no way to get back. Yes it is. It's cool for to scoop them nuts up again and get right up onto the Hey Listen. man, you shouldn't have that much sensation back there young man. It shouldn't be that much sensation. Where? Come on. After she move off me Hagen to where you, you just, you on her stay down there where it getting muddy.


You know what happen? You should, one time bitch was getting his Gucci and then she was, she swiped that, that joint like a credit card and fucked him up for life. See one thing about me, I always been, you feel me in tune since I was a, you feel me? So before I even fucked him up for life before I even got the fuck and I got the thinking man what I, I don't never see this on the points. So that shouldn't probably happen, you feel me? And so I always, I was ahead of the game but bitch go too low on or nothing. This is for the X version of a million dollars. mworthofgame. Oh no, I'm a bitch. Go below him. You feel me? McNuggets ain't nothing else down there for you man. So you probably shouldn't be around me. You heard me, me? Tell something first of all.


If, if, if she don't get the nuts, she ain't, she ain't treat you. She cheats you man. Hey damn. This is for 40 and older man. Nah, look at him. Look at him Louis. Damn look. Look at him. Get the camera on him man. I'm just take it off of me. He hopped off the plane like this. Chilling. They ain't snatch ain't run up on y'all in the airport. Oh it was on. It was on Y it ready. Come on we up top. Come on. We going upstairs. Is it over? Is it ready?


This episode of me and dollars worth a game is brought to you by none other didn't NEW, AMSTERDAM, VODKA. Now life ain't going your way. Shot a New. Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your woman cheating today. Shot a New. Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming in, it didn't come your way. Shot a New, Amsterdam, Vodka, stilled five times. It's filtered three times. So a clean crisp finish. Now you could drink it straight up. You could drink it on the rocks. You could drink it with juice, soda or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam meal. That's up to you. But when you out and about at your local liquor store, make sure you get you some new Amsterdam. The official vodka for Barstool Sports. And I truly don't understand why. If you are a fan of vodka, why would you would drink any other vodka other than New Amsterdam? Hmm. What are we we talking about? Do Amsterdam get your son Right.


I jumped out a plane but I'm scared of them. Hey You jumped out a plane for You gotta jumped out a plane. You gotta try it man. It's just like a rush Man. It was all the way up there man. I jumped out. They, they threw me out. Eyes over. Yeah, my eyes was over. Was It, was it, did you have somebody on you? Yeah, they was on back of me and the dude was in front of us on the camera just flying in the air. I'm scary man. I don't know if I'm gonna do that. I, I had a video though where I'm standing on the edge and the whole time, boy you tripping. I ain't fucked through them Edge. You fuck that. What all this shit nigga been through. God ain't gonna let a nigga go like that. Not like that. God ain't I done been through some shit but I know it ain't, it don't the movie on end like that. I like know when I Call you sometimes a lot of times you go offline You know what I mean.


I be saying to myself, I don't be calling you really to, I'll be calling you to see how you doing because I know there's a lot you going through that the success come and all your brothers is not here to celebrate it with you. Yeah, I know that's a like You know what I mean because seeing you from the beginning seeing how y'all was, how y'all was coming and now you know I know that's like a, It make me feel like sometimes I don't want to do it no more. You feel me? Because it be like, it ain't nothing with like industry part of it. Like all us people would try to make up a room with it. Me and God, he was into it. I asked him like, are you, you see this, these YouTube videos saying that we, that me and you YouTube and you feel me, I ain't, he was like man I seen them.


I'm like damn. But it ain't nothing that it is just really everybody that was pushing me, you feel me and was like go to the studio and you feel me that are sit in the studio with me. Like a lot of 'em ain't heard. It might be two or three of 'em this year now You know what I'm saying? Out of 25 we had 30. You know what I'm saying? So it just made me feel like on days where as much as I done think I done grown this shit, but I might have been on the same type of shit back then. But only difference now. It ain't nobody like, man fuck it. Come on, let's just go to the studio. We gonna go to the studio. Soon as we wake up in the morning, we ain't getting the day started.


We going like, come on, let's go to the studio. I already got it booked for us. I already called him. I already called Who? It ain't nobody doing that. So a lot of times I feel me, I don't know what you would call it. Like yeah, whatever thought it just take over. You feel me? Like, and I know I, I get to going down. You feel me? Something else that don't got nothing to do with music. You feel me? Yeah It might at one day it not recording might turn into a week. You know what I'm saying? But it ain't got nothing to do with the music industry or nothing. It just be simple. You feel me thinking about going here no more and get lost in them talking. Feel Me? You know what's crazy But you know what's so crazy about what you just said about how the homies went to jail and things changed for you.


Studio. When I went to jail, Gil was still rapping and it was hard for him 'cause I was writing all this stuff at the time. No, no. Straight up you all. It got Hard for because I was writing everything. So it was hard. Lemme go to the studio because he like, damn, because you so I'm in the jail spitting the raps because I'm giving him the cadence over the phone from jail. Do I. I send 'em to him in the mail, but I'm right. I'm rapping him over the phone so he could get the case. No, say it like this. Say it like that. Wait, you crazy man. Every time we get talk about some serious shit, he got the, hey what let be having me ready to listen. And it's always can you always throw it off on GI every time Ass nigga man. But I know You feel me?


Like I got a, I got a like a like a blueprint. Like a blueprint up. I know like what to Do. I can save money on Save Less Niggas. You feel me? Yeah. Like, like I know what I need to have extravagant, what I don't need as far as my stage built. I probably will never need to get that built again. You feel me? So the next time I go out and do it, it'll be, you feel me? Even better. And I probably had 20 shows, I think like 17 of them sold out. You feel me? And even with that it was, it was, I ain't max it out, you know in the club I can get 180, you feel me? 75 but on, you know the ticket it shows it was 20, you feel me?


15, 30. The most one might be 40. Feel them. Ticket shows is different. Yeah. But It also it build up. See that club shit don't matter 'cause you can go do clubs all around the world. But when it's time to send you on tour, they gonna say bro, you ain't got no proof of no ticket sales. You ain't, I know they said it. I just don't see how that,


This is your Twisted Kings Taylor Lewan and Will Compton Summer is right around the Corner. Nothing is better than grabbing a refreshing twisted tea cold on the rocks. It's got 5% alcohol. It is the perfect drink to turn up your summer. And you might be wondering, is this a sponsored ad? Yes. But the truth is, the boys we love, we love Twisted tea. Dude, go buy it. Go drink it, drink responsibly and tell your boys to buy it as well. Let's have ourselves a hell of a summer. Oh don't be dumb. Drink responsibly. Twisted, Tea, Brewing, Company, Cincinnati, Ohio, please drink responsibly.


I kinda, I kinda understand it now, but it's like in Tage sales it's like the real game. The shows down there don't even, the club don't even mean that. And then me figuring that out made me less, you feel me, inclined to fuck with the club any, you feel me? I already don't go out You know what I'm saying? But after I figured out like it really don't matter in the longevity of it. I'm like, man, feel me. I when You first get in the game, you got to go do that. Yeah. Your money, your money. Yeah. Even still, even still, I'm a hustler. I'm I'm going to go do it. Unless I got a tour coming up. I'm not. Because the reality of it is, is I could sit here and say that 99% of rappers in life when shit slow down for 'em, they think about all them eighties, sixties, 40 fives.


Oh motherfucker offered you one 10 nigga left on the table, motherfucker offered you $110,000 and you turned it down because you said no, I charged one 50. Nigga, what a nigga. See I can't comprehend a nigga saying they going to give me all this money to come do something that I love. That shit don't make no sense to me. And I'm like, nah, no, I, I'm smart enough to say let's work something. All right nigga, I'm gonna Do, I'm gonna do it for the one 10 this time nigga. When you double back the next time nigga you gonna have to gimme 200. 'cause this bitch about to be packed. Bitch you about to clean up.


Alright. All the promoters do the same thing. They double back. Right. And y'all talk to each, They give you a six month, seven month break. If you hot enough, that shit might be three weeks. They bring you right back. So you building relationships now when he call you like, no, come on dog. I gave you that, did that shit for a buck 10 last time. Come on my nigga. But we come on. Alright. I'm give you one 70 this time. Alright. That sound about right. Alright. I don't, I don't be understanding bro. I don't witness I'm grind the two I I I'm a grind the two from, from from pieces to to to the whole thing.


You feel me? So I understand that like Yeah you gotta go get the money but if once you understand it, once you get to your number that you want to reach or whatever it is your feeling or however you, you living, which I feel like in my head right now, I don't, it ain't that I need the money so much to where I gotta keep going. You feel me? Right. So I rather do it the right way. If they saying that I can, if I get it down like this, if I just go on ground with the ticketed venue the way I started from nothing with the clubs, you feel me? And I gotta cut that out, you feel me? To lock in on that. I feel like you feel me And make more sense 'cause but you But you but you the key word you see you hustled up enough comfortable feeling.


Yeah. Yeah. You comfortable now that you can say, you know what, ain't No Personal. I did that. Now I gotta do this, I gotta do it this way. But my money, I'm comfortable. Yeah. My family taking care of, if I got some kids they taking care of my mama. Cool. My, so It's, I gotta take out to the grave site today. My mama's birthday you day your mama birthday. Yeah. Take my mama. I ain't never been over there either. You never been there? Nah, hell no. I can't never go out. Is it crazy 'cause the, I tried to go, I just can't go You Over there man, you gotta go one Year ago today my son got killed. Damn. One year ago today, bro. That's crazy.


Yeah, we gotta call. It's deep. The a and r game has changed. Yeah, totally. Because like I was, I was telling somebody, I was talking to Joe Moses yesterday from lc, you know Joe Moses. So I'm talking to him because he had did an interview with Cypress Hill and he was just talking about how it ain't no a and r like Callie and I, I told him, I said no it ain't just college that a and r. The new ars don't wanna be in Ars, they wanna be rappers. These dudes wanna be popular. A lot of 'em. You see that shit everybody like dog. Why you got, why you got better clothes on than, than the artist you represent And, and a lot of these ars, they're not getting nothing popular. Show me a popular a and r and I'll show you a nigga that's not doing or chick that's not doing nothing. Right. We, we, we record that.


You break who did you get fired? So it's too much flexing. It's too much like the a and r game is just like on some dumb shit. I didn't understand What the purpose of an a and r was. A and r was recently. Yeah. Yeah. But the a and r was this a and r was a motherfucker that came in. I know what they supposed to do. A came in, they had regular clothes on, had a book bag on a pen and paper and they go from studio to studio. They get you features, they get you beats, they get shit cleared. They make sure they do, they do all that shit. Get you, you know, help every way possible. They, they help every way possible with what you're trying to do. They assist everything you're trying to do. But they make sure the end game, he know you gotta get the clearance. You gotta make sure, you gotta make sure the paperwork is done for this artist that's featured on your stuff. He gotta get bring you some nice beats.


They don't do that no more. They taking pictures, You feel me? I ain't angry when I came in. It'll Be always truthful. They are the a and r was put there a lot of times to monitor the artists.


This episode of Millions mworthofgame is brought to you by Body Armor, real hydration, real ingredients packed with electrolytes, vitamins and nothing artificial. Body Armor Sports drinks has all your hydration needs covered. Sports drinks, light zero sugar and flash IV and of course sport Water. One thing I like about the Body Armor, I like the water You. know what I mean. I'm a big fan of the water. So whenever you get a chance, no matter what product you like from Body Armor you, you head on over to Body Armor store on Amazon and use code 15 BARSTOOLBA for ba for 15% off. You see it on the screen. 1515 BARSTOOLBA for ba for 15% off your order today. Head on over to Body Armor or store on Amazon and use that code and make sure you, you get everything. You know Body, Armor zero sugar. You just, just Body. Armor has an assortment of drinks that hydrate you and and have you feeling where you need to be at. So when you head over there, just make sure you get you some Body. Armor right


this episode of me Osworth A game is brought to you, you by PFL Professional Fighters League. The PFL playoffs kicks off Friday, August 2nd with women's Flyweight and heavyweights headed to Nashville. It's win or go home as fighters compete for a spot in a million dollar PFL World Championship. Don't miss the action Friday, August 2nd at 9:00 PM Eastern on ESPN and ESPN Plus for those looking to attend in person tickets are available on Ticketmaster. So don't forget to tune in Friday August 2nd at 9:00 PM Eastern on ESPN and ESPN Plus and tickets are available to see live the action right there. I mean I Five switch on you Blood man. Ah, That's what you like. You wanna see that action up close and personal. That's what I like. Then tickets are available at Ticketmaster. And don't forget to tune in. It's the PFL Professional Fighters League. What are we talking about? Right?


See I ain't You know what I mean. I always have my own beat, you feel me? My own camera. What's going on? YouTube buying Beat My Own. You feel me? I have Forever Rolling. He tall. I had forever rolling when I was on the band. When I was on house arrest. And Where did you find them from Pulling up at the studio out here when I first started rapping, you know what I'm saying? I'm in the city. I pulled up at the studio. He's like, man, I had put out like two songs I think. And he was like, where you get these beats from? I'm like, shit you YouTube. I'm telling him I'll be recording myself at the house and shit. You feel me? I'm like, when I get off the band though, I'm gonna be coming up. You feel me? Pulling up to his studio. He's like, man, don't get no more Beats off YouTube. I'm like, what you think? He's like, I'm gonna make your beats for you.


This is before he had a tag. You feel me? Like he's like, I'm gonna make 'em for you. And ever since then, that day then when I finally got off after arrest, I sat in the studio with him like a whole month straight, you feel me? And we made the beats together. I told him like, you feel me how I'm feeling? I want this right here. It wasn't no loops, you feel me? Like it was, he was doing it. You feel me? We did it day for day. You know what I'm saying? I put out, I think I put out damn bloody, you feel me? Or the first Eltoro, it was one of, when I heard Ball forever, I was like whoever did this, he, what's Ball forever on? What shit, when you first Got Ball Forever? That was the first time I like the first video Dropped. What, what, what, what tape was it on?


I still still don't feel nothing. Still don't feel nothing there. Yeah. Yeah. Back in the day they a and r back in the day. Only one To be Popular in the industry. Yeah. Behind the scenes. Behind, behind the scenes. It's okay. Everybody in the industry know me. What's up? And when you think about, when you think about some of the ARS is around now, them dudes was, them dudes was a part of history making albums. Mike Kaiser, Kevin Lyes, Leo, all 'em dudes was there for history music, it was history music that was being made you See what I'm saying? Like, and you know they Still around and he was really assisting on that shit. They Was really, they was really assisting doing whatever they had to do for the artist. I remember Nicole asking me like, you wasn't what?


What wasn't sending no beef? I'm like man, nah ain't, she was like, you talking about People Was cool. Social media almost kind of made the a and r irrelevant because A and r back then you had to find a motherfucker with talent but he didn't have no buzz so you had to sit there and work with the nigga. Now you, y'all find niggas that's already buzzing. This nigga already created a buzz on his own. He already created his own I from His own Ohio. So how you going to come in and tell me anything baby? I'm already popping. Fuck y'all. I'm already getting 10,000 to show 20,000 when you nigga signed me. I get shit Ain.


Man. This bitch gonna tell me what to do. Shut Up man. Sit the corner man. Fuck got a $12,000 kit and I think I got more money. This bitch man. Hey Gil. And a wrestling match in the street wrestling match. Who you think who you picking? Yeah, You'll tap him out bro. That's What I'm saying. Look at. Look at you. Look at you. Come on, come on. Look at you. Come on, come on. Look at it. See, see he, he wasn't even prepared for my attack. He didn't even know. He look at it, that stance is his knee Gonna go out? Played the guitar real His knee, his knee gonna go out on that stance. That knee was a little hurt. See I told him, listen, he got, he tender knee that doubt up.


He got that tender knee right. Hey he that gizzy. Hey if you ain't cheating, you ain't winning four weeks. Hey scooter Bullshit ass dog up being fool motherfucker. No, no, no, no. He actually spit bomb. He's a bomb Know man. Somebody bomb Bob dog. If you put a gun on the floor, he'll get So he sniffed weapons. Ja, he done? Yeah he done. I got yeah. Yeah the door's open. We gonna hit it again. Make sure we have no bombs in someone support. Dude, no man. I need something to drink. Liquor. No drink. Water, juice. Come on, let's go get you some water. Come on, let's go man.


We got some juices here. Deescalation is called verbal judo brother. I've been using verbal judo since I was 22 years old. Oldest got 13 black belts. That's what I was trying to tell you. You got 13 black belts in what? Kra. McGraw. What do you do? TaeKwonDo? What you been doing? I created something new called Loon. Do listen, verbal judo. I got a, I got a third degree black belt in that. Okay, I I can hear it. I hear you. Shit I don't know how you, how you, how you ladies doing? You guys know what this guy is? I, I don't even know who you are. I'm nobody man. Listen, I told you there's nothing in here y'all listen this. So back here, snacks. First of all ain't nothing but back there.


But chips, This is your twisted Kings Taylor Lewan and Will Compton Summer is right around the corner. Nothing is better than grabbing a refreshing twisted tea cold on the rocks. It's got 5% alcohol. It is the perfect drink to turn up your summer. And you might be wondering, is this a sponsored ad? Yes, but the truth is, the boys we love, we love twisted tea. Dude, go buy it. Go drink it. Drink responsibly and tell your boys to buy it as well. Let's have ourselves a hell of a summer. Oh don't be dumb. Drink responsibly. Twisted, Tea, Brewing, Company. Cincinnati, Ohio. Please drink responsibly. There you go. Look at him. What's up? Ooh, they got that good cake C. Y'all acting. Oh, back here. Here sister. How you doing today sister?


Hey I missed y'all in Detroit. That's how you gonna bump that G. I wanna get my foot out. Remember I asked about it? Boom, win win. That gout is serious. Jack that G feet man. What up baby? Ain. See you today. Hey you gonna jump up ground boom fall man To come, come up from here. Go Fall. I don't really like it. I did that during future. Oh that's, we had to change it to just walk from the side. Two. I don't know. I feel like my head popped out too early. Then they want you to bend that 2, 2, 2. I come up, I'm still like it. The motherfuckers way up. Let me walk straight out.


How they gonna have this when I was on tour, so you know the stage was smaller, there was like 2,500 people being used. So like that 3,500 people venue used maybe the max five, you feel me? That was the one I told you it was like 54 or something for the show. But you know the at 20,000 it's probably gonna be about a 2025. Oh y'all know how it goes. Yeah, Jimmy C venue. So instead of having the big ass screen how we got it, I think we're gonna have one right here and then two on each side too. So it's like a 3D motherfucker. But during the tour I just had it like where the windows is at on the Indy. I gotta ride y'all through Indy real quick. Damn we got time though. What time they say the door is open up? Seven 30. I mean I probably got feedback till about eight 30, something like that.


I know it ain't people coming in right. Nah think doors. Nah, I think they working ain't they but on the tour though had Andies, they got the two big windows, you feel me? The regular Andies restaurant. So I had the two big screens right here on tour feel that was like the window and that's what played the shit. But since I got up bigger stage, they got the screens you feel me? In the background and on the sides. But they gonna put like some, I guess like some drapes or something right here over, you feel me? And then all the guests Don come through the door like this. You walk out the door, everybody will come through the door and walk out the door.


I'm supposed to have a little bench right there but they probably left that motherfucker. That's how it look right out. You the corner pop left. Alright the floor. You, you think so superstar shit on ain't look Vonza. I told you they done got me like this a couple times. Soon as that joy come up you can lift soon As it open up you can lift straight up. Soon as you hit up now you come straight Up.


You ever seen show no million gang? Ain. Never seen that on you Joe. They big time though. Where? How You doing? How you Doing Go right here. Time. What doing they got you out here early don't they? Yeah. You Ready? You got clean On them? Yeah I went my nail. Hey man you see this? This is on camera.


Hey. Hey man don't take a picture with him man. Hey he, he don't, he don't. Hey man. Hey, hey First of all, first of all I want you to know something. Don't take a picture with him man. This guy, this guy is, we need him down. Listen, listen, listen. Get the paddy wagon, take him down. You need a little three months. Yeah he need a little three month. The way you do that, it seems like you've been in the place this field a little bit Listen. man I told you I keep telling no let you do a arm bar. Take down See. what you had that shit done to you no pictures with these boys. Man, stop doing that. Appreciate you pee. I pimped you up real quick.


Come on. Don't do it. Don't fight. Come on man. Come on down. You trying to say get some ass up in the joint. What You say but you ain't, I take you late. I I'm gonna check your legs, write your money. You been practicing. Next thing you Know man. I'm s Not perform performing my chain. That shit. Get the jumper and might knock a nigga's tooth for that one time you swing around. Summer is all about the freedom to have fun. Forget a vacation and take a tequila ca with new truly tequila soda.


This refreshing blend of real fruit juice from concentrate sparkling water and premium Tequila Blanco is the drink of the summer. Try all four refreshing flavors. All with 5% A BV and just 100 calories. Truly tequila soda. Keep it light hard. Seltzer beverage company, Boston, Massachusetts. Please drink responsibly. Don't worry about it. You getting money nigga. Buy a new one, nigga go gimme a tooth nigga. That's gonna be a vicious night man. They gonna say man they got him man The perks is finally caught up. They gonna say I'm on horse. He on dog Man we knew it. His teeth falling there.


I I probably for little Yes sir, sir This ain motherfucker too. Yeah you so where flu at Food still here yet? One. What position you play Con? Yeah, I for you. I, I See. what you on video broke you down league And I be destroying fall.


Come On man. Ain't nothing though. Every time I see that motherfucker Today I want you. It mine. You trying to get me sign. I need you to sign like a 93 on that game too. Y been locked in on the game. So Up man you see Atlanta free draft? I'm be checking you out this shit. Yeah, come on man. You be at Colorado and so you might be down here. I see that damn baby. He, I seen that damn Baby.


I ain't gonna lie. Did But I wanna see you do your thing though for sure. Bang See. what? Bang dj. So next Year I should be here with the first pick. The first pick of the, with the, with the with the 14th pick? No, no with the, no what's the last what's the, how many teams in the NFL 32 because we going win the Super Bowl with the 32nd pick of the first round of Philadelphia Eagle Select man. Yeah, youll fuck with Eagles too.


They soccer in your pocket nigga. Shit, I Man That shit get back to it though. Appreciate dressing. Where you back? Where you back? What did Y say? Alright, here we go. See you know I See what? I said that motherfucking d what age? 47. I cook you on that Court though. I court Everything You wanna do deep fried shit Court, everything I'm doing, you know I beef fry shit.


Do I bet you know my name Damien. Who? Come on Don. Don don't don't, don't get tongue tied down Gil. Sam ell, I'm giving it to you on the court. Everything Bill, You me up, throw me out. No I ain't talking about a football. I'm talking about court like I'm real skilled. I ain't playing no bullet ball. No that real skilled two So you not mean step back. Jumpers gonna be hit. This Ain. You aint consistent like that. We ain't between consistent. Nah, nah that's that's what I am. Consistency.


Right. Let's do this shit.


We love y'all man. Free to shine man. Free to shine members man. I love y'all man. We, we couldn't do it. We did it man. Come on let's get it. Get the crew together and head off to the course in the new 2024 Chevy Traverse with impressive cargo room, three row seating and the first ever Z 71 Trim Traverse can handle your buddies and their golf bags with ease Chevrolet together. Let's drive That nigga Now.


Listen, he shook right up all that dice. I pulled his roll out on his bank roll he Philly badge. I pulled that. Hold on. I pulled that roll out on the Youngest. Y'all know we on our way to Philly. Nigga don't Want none. This Don put that shit down man. Don't disrespect my shit. Disrespect. We on our way to Philly. You gotta, we gotta pull Rican Philly a million dollars mworthofgame bag GI Fest. He Be all, I ain't got no license. Got worked out.


Yeah they worked him out. Yeah they worked out. I'm glad it was a white person. She could have went the other way. If it was black they'd have landed it on. Jesus. Don't worry about it. He's a fuck You nigga. Yeah he ain't right. They worked That nigga out. Hear Me. He worked. He Worked your mouth. You See. what you see Wallo man, Wallo Daytona. Daytona bro. Different type of time.


Why rule? Yeah, signed it on the reform side. You know what I mean that you chill on the reform side. Man chilling. I don't want, I don't want, I told they need a Million Dollaz, Worth Game. Man everybody gotta come and did the interview in a minute. For more years. We gotta up the a billion white snap be runway. Yeah, this Nigga done got a check. Oh man, Niggas out Do interview be in Jack.


I'm coming through that bitch car. Gotta bounce some cars nigga Real got Thousand Cars. What's Up man? What the eagles going do this shit man. What you mean what they going do? What we going do? Going do what? Them fucking lion Cubs going. They, They almost went, We had our chairs. You was gonna rock our jersey. I had a video ready yo. Nigga I was ready Barry. See this jersey all Kind shit. I was ready. I was man I listen. Vegas would've, I would wanted to be Baltimore and Detroit Nigga. Stick. Look at it. You ain't thinking about the Super Bowl. You thinking about his dick. Come people. Come on. Hey say you keep something cold with you.


Swear hold the Yeah. Sad. Watch we leaving already. Hey PMT listeners. This is PFT here reminding you to pour the roar with proper number 12 Irish whiskey and proper Irish apple straight from the heart of Dublin's District 12 original. Proper number 12 is a rich and smooth blend of golden grain and single malt aged four years in bourbon barrels. Mix it up with some ginger ale for a classic and refreshing proper ginger. If you're looking for something different, try proper Irish apple. A delicious blend of Proper's Award-winning Irish whiskey with crisp and fresh notes of Irish apple. Proper number 12 Irish whiskey and proper 12 Irish apple.


Two refreshing ways to pour the roar. Anything else just wouldn't be proper. I'm talking about baby get in. He had this shit properly. Feel me? Million, Dollaz, Worth, Game nigga. Ain't nothing fucking with a knee. You Know. we want $2 billion man. Count me, give me 3M, bro. They come with the cash. Wow. this shit put itself in the mix. Yeah, the game it's going down.


Baby Summer is all about the freedom to have fun. But you don't need to blow your budget on a trip to make the most of it. Forget a vacation and take a tequila occasion with new truly tequila soda. This refreshing blend of real fruit juice from concentrate sparkling water and premium Tequila blanco is the drink of the summer.


Try all four refreshing flavors. Lime, pineapple, guava, grapefruit and watermelon. All with 5% A BV and just 100 calories. Take a tequila occasion with new truly tequila soda today. Truly tequila soda. Keep it light hard. Seltzer beverage company, Boston Mass. Please drink responsible.