
Hey, Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right?


This episode of Million Dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by JackPocket. Feeling lucky? Hmm. We'll get ready to try your Luck Whip JackPocket America's number one lottery app Whip JackPocket. You can order Powerball and Mega million tickets right on your phone. They even have official state lottery game. So you just whip your phone out. You ain't gotta run to that Whip, whip, whip right there on your phone. Everything right there. What we talking about? Official state lottery games right there on your phone. New customers get a free lottery ticket by using promo code GILLIE. So listen, go on there right now, get you a mega, get you a Mega Millions, a Powerball ticket. Or me if you win. I don't wanna break down, but I do want to break down. That's all I'm telling you. And that's called GILLIE. For a free power ball or Mega millions ticket. Don't wait. Download JACKPOCKET now for your chance to win. Big good luck. JackPocket America's number won the lottery app Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska. 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2. Non withdrawable credit Prize amount may differ at time of drawing terms. JackPocket dot com slash toss slash free. Dash ticket dash promo slash Why would you go anywhere else? You wouldn't? It's JackPocket, right?


December 20th Is going down. Yes. Wallow knockoff Party. The biggest show on Earth. You never seen nothing like this. I'm talking about unbelievable fights. I'm talking about the, it's so funny. It's so real. It's so everything I'm talking about the fights, people gonna be getting knocked through, the rings, knocked out. I'm talking. You gonna be seeing all types of fight from people that you never expect to see fight before. This is the biggest show on Earth. Yes. Dealing while knock up parties. Listen tickets. It's going down at the Chase Center. Chase Center. You see what happened last time? Chase Bill House in Delaware. You See what happened last time. You see How it was sold out? We ain't worried about that. If you can't get there, it is going to be on pay-per-view. Perview pay-per-view. Pay-per-view. Pay-per-view. Pay-per-view. Last time we did 29,000 pay-per-view.


This time we trying to do 70,000 pay views. We Do a hundred thousand. Hundred thousand. What you going it down? That's right. Listen, Gillian Wallo knockout party. You never seen a party like this. You never seen a show like this. You never seen a boxing match like this. What you wanna do is get your tickets. Don't play no games. Get your tickets. Gillian Wallow Knockout Party. December 20th, chase Field House, Wilmington, Delaware. It is going down. It's going to be big on the 19th. We'll be doing a weigh in. You gonna see the craziest fight from some of the wildest people? Yes. I'm talking about the action is action passed. Yes. I'm talking about what you never seen before. Yes. The greatest show on Earth. Gillian Wallo knockout party. It's going down. Either you could be there or you could watch at home. It don't matter as long as you're tuned in. Yes. I'm telling you, you're not going to regret this. We got my guy large coming back.


He's gonna be on the mics with me and Gil. We're gonna be how we got Rome coming back to get the after the fight action. It is going down. You don't wanna miss this Gillian Wallo knock knockout party. The biggest show on earth. December 20th. Let's go be there. Me, me, me, me, me, me, me. Million dollars Mworthofgame. Yes. Right here with a legend, man. Yes, Joey Crack. Yes. AKA bad land North Philly. That's right. See all, a lot of y'all don't know that Joe. Talk to Joe is really from Bad Land. Talk to all North Philly. Man. Don't understand. Joe used to be down there at Puerto Rican parade, the whole nine. He used to be down there, man. Right. I tell you to fly shit ever happened to me in my life. Tell Me In my career. I was in Philly and I jumped out the car and went in the bodega.


This is a true story. I went in the bodega. This is when big puns still alive. FAT JOE. This is the Wonder Twins. We reactivate. By the time I came out that bodega, there was about two 3000 people outside that store in the middle of the hood of Philly Badlands. I went right in the bodega. By the time I paid for the Diet, Pepsi came out. It was two three s on cars. It was like a party. I couldn't believe it out there. It felt so good. Yeah, it felt so good. I was like, yo, we got super type of love out here. It was crazy. But you know, shout out to Philly, my brother e Philly and everybody out there, man. You know, family.


You know, I, you know, I used to be in the block. You seen they made the movie of the Black Cowboys and shit. We from that block. Yeah. So I used to watch him play the under yacht holes. Shit. I knew Danny Garcia as a kid, as a baby. Yeah. Eight years old like that. I, I've been out there, Phil, you know. Yeah, I know. Really fulfilled. Trust me. I I was In your first video or some, your First show. One of the first shows I ever did was at the Felton. The Felton. And it, he was the headliner. Well, my first show I ever did in my life. Shout out to Kobe Cole. Shout Out to Kobe. Shout To Kobe. Kobe brought me to Camden.


Yeah. And the hotel was so nice, you know, we from the, we from the mud, the bottom, the hotel was so nice. I refused to leave the whole weekend. He had to knock on the door like on Monday and be like, yo, it's a hotel. You gotta leave, Man, you gotta leave. I'm like, yo, they got a real tv. They got real couch like, then it was like, yo, you gotta go to deal up slow Joe. I'm talking about Flo Joe. My first gotta Joe Show gotta flow was in Camden and Kobe Cole took me there and he was like, yo, it's a, it is a ill story. Every time I see him, he tells me the story. We start laughing. He was like, yo, you ain't want to leave the hotel. Shit was up back in the Bronx. Man, Let me ask you a question, Joe.


Like, Hold, because he spoke on the Bronx. Oh yeah. He always ask question Here go. He always asks this question because every place in, I don't care if you're from Brooklyn, from Long Island, you from Harlem, you from, they all say Bronx is the dirtiest grimiest part of New York. I I love to be the king of the Bronx. I'm the king of the dirtiest, the G Grimiest found, you know? Yeah. Yeah. That's who we are. But Let me tell you something about the Bronx. It might be, we might be going too educational, but Bronx is home of diversity.


Bronx is where Muslims and Jews get along. Bronx is where the Africans is coming right now, the Mexicans is coming. Right now it's where the Puerto Ricans went to is where the Dominicans and the Jamaicans went to that. The Bronx is what makes up the whole New York City. Okay. When you come in, you see all different cultures. They all land there first. That's Plymouth Rock. Yeah. They land there and then they spread out. Yeah. So, you know, I'm proud about that. You know, we have a such a different diverse community in the Bronx, but the Bronx. Yeah. Man, it was worse. It was worse. What they saying now? Yeah. It was worse and shit. Listen, you can Google everybody. I tell y'all that all the time.


Google the eighties and the seventies in the Bronx. It look like Ukraine. Yeah. The picture not lying to you. We did not have pots, no buildings. We used to party on abandoned building. You know, the biggest gang wasn't the bloods of Crips, it was the dogs. Real dogs. Yeah. The, the, the stray dogs come around every morning, a hundred deep chase you into the building, like the straight dogs. You look out the window, there'll be a hundred dogs chasing down the block. Like, I don't know what happened to him. Yeah. That was the biggest gang in the Bronx. Not the Bronx. Wild. It was, it was, it was wild. Now, One thing I want to ask you is like, Joe, you grew up seriously serious and did you ever think that you would make it to this day?


No. Still be living No way. You know, I went to a funeral last night. Rest in peace. My brother Percy. It's a shame, you know, I was really mad with him because, you know, we've been friends since kindergarten. You understand what I'm saying? So like four years old, you know, I, I got in trouble four years old. So they take me to the principal's office. So ready, a kid sitting there, he looked mad. I said at four years old. So when I sit down, he's like, we in trouble. I said, we, I never got in trouble before. It was the first time I ever got in trouble. He was like, yo, we in trouble. That's why we here four years old. He like, yo, my name's Percy.


I said, yo, I'm FAT JOE. I was always FAT JOE. Yeah. I'm FAT JOE. Yeah. This, that. So we leave the principal's office and the reason he was in there, he was these two twins. Puerto Rican dudes, David and Noel. The dude came outta nowhere flying kick kicked him in the back. Karate kicked. So I went to the brother and I, karate kicked him and we started fighting. Me and Percy started fighting David and Noel was terrible guys at that time. Yeah, right. But we fought them. That's how we met last night. I went to the funeral and I sat there and, and shout out to the whole New York City for coming out. But it was just, I was really upset.


Like I couldn't believe at 55, you know, getting stabbed in the club. Like, I don't think it's supposed to happen like that. You know, you go to black funerals, is they somehow they trick you to a celebration. Yeah. Oh, we celebrate everybody dancing and shit. It wasn't that rights. Like everybody knew he didn't have to go out like that. Right. And he was such a loved person. But, you know, for me to get here, you know, I'm sitting in, in, in there like a time machine. Yeah. I'm looking at the lines. 'cause he had, you know, I, he had more love than I thought he had because I used to tell him, your purse, the streets don't love you like that. He'd be like, you crazy.


Before was, you know, I'm, I'm that he used to call himself Didier Harlem. Yeah. Like, you know what I'm saying? I'm the one he jump out, you know, make a movie. And so it shocked me and thank God I was wrong. 'cause you know, in my mind I was like, yo, you really did have love per you. You had thousands and thousands of people come out And all the realist ones from New York came out show they love like the real ones. You know, when you know the guys don't talk much, always gotta fly, whip, get money, stay out the way those guys, they all came. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? They all came, paid their respect. So I was really proud of that. But I was just really, really, it's the first funeral I've ever been to that I was really mad with somebody.


I was looking at him. I was like, he looked beautiful. Louis Vuitton, he flies I ever seen him, but it was just like, like, you know, so to answer your question, fighting the club. To answer your question, hell no. Did FAT JOE think he me? I got scars all over my body. This was supposed to cut me in my face. You see my neck, my shit cut open from the my shot up. Everything. I've been through so much shit. There is. And it's crazy because now that we meet people, you at bar stores right? They look at you like, huh. Right. So when I get into these interviews, they start calling me Ka on social media.


Let me tell you something, Wallo, it's unfortunately that most men, I don't want to disrespect you or anybody else. I'm not talking directly to you or anybody out there, but most men are cowards. Yes. They're not really tough. You went to jail, you see, get the smack, the cheek smacked outta them and kept it walking. Yeah. I've seen this in life. Guys that we thought were the toughest guy. Get the smack cheek back of their neck and they just keep it moving. You like, yo, I thought he was the shots. Yeah. Right. Yep. Right. Well I seen the shots get the teeth smacked out they mouth and keep it moving depending on who smacked them.


This episode of million dollars worth Your Game is brought to you by DraftKings. The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big in on the action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports book betting partner of the NBA Will La Repeat. We'll find out soon. They're sure to be rim rattling slams and no look passes to bring the crowd to their feet. Get behind your favorite players and the prop bets you can make on DraftKings the home of NBA props, the home of NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something, something simple like picking a team to win. Go to Draftking Sports book right now. Go to the app right now and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. So you bet $5 your bet win. You get 150 in bonus bets instantly. What we talk about score big on Draftking. Sportsbook, every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app and use code GILLIE. You hear me? That's cool. GILLIE. For New customers, get 150 in bonus bet. If your bet wins just $5 on, on DraftKings, the crown is yours. Put it on wear tightly right Gambling problem, call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction Void. ONT Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash b ball


Because that smack come with a thousand. You might want to think about how you're going to, that's never been me. So when I get up here and I start talking gangster And all that, you know, a lame, a sucker might have never known what it was to stand up. Right. To actually stand up and, and, and, and, you know, confront any type of shit they throw at you. Be a standup guy. Right. So they saying, oh, I gotta be ka this guy's capping. He's lying. He's just Joe. But you gotta understand this Joe. These dudes don't know that you used to run around this industry in what you used to do. They wasn't around to know. So they, they don't. A lot of People Well, I could tell you something else while a lot of people don't know I actually took it light on this industry.


No, but you did. No, no, but I took it light. You Still had a heavy hand Of course, but light hand. The things I was doing before the industry d atrocious. But they don't, they don't know. Well, because, Because this it, see the One, the one, the one reason why I always grew to understand, because any that come from Philadelphia, I mean come from outta Philadelphia and he come in Philadelphia And he hanging in the hood and eventually Philadelphia won't kill him. He gotta be solid. Mm. You know that's a dark place. That's Gotta be you not coming down Here and you and you're In there. You're not coming down here from no other city doing nothing, nigga. And you In North Philly, You going to kill you.


Take your watch, take your chain, take your drugs, take whatever you got going on. And your people's from New York gonna be wondering what the fuck happened to you. Do you know what I would do with Philly? I'd get away from New York. Right. And go have fun. Yeah. Like I, I would go, I would a have drive. It's a whole nother world. A Whole nother world. I'm chilling. We eating good, we chilling in the corner. We sitting on the stoop. We not in the fancy. Nope. No disrespect. I I never seen the fancy part of Philly. Ain't no, ain't no. So, Yo, yo. I never seen the fancy part Everywhere you at you in the, you In the hood. You in the you, you in the paint.


In the paint. You're on the stoop. Getting the guy next to, to you, getting his braids done. Like you, it is nowhere. Not my cousins. They all smack dead. It's just, I've never seen Like, I guess Cherry Hill is what they, that's Jersey. That's Jersey. I tell my even all the time, they say where you and Wao live. We say Jersey. They say y'all live in Philly. Suburbs in Philly We gotta go to. So not just that. I, I Brother shout out to Allen Ivison. Yes sir. We got, we gotta talk. If we going, we Talk about, we talk about That we talk a million. My brother, A friend, a friend of mine came from California. Go get him. I said driving. He was at drum through van. He said, Wallo, why is the houses touching they stuff together?


Like why is the houses stuff together? Why is they like, you mean to tell me somebody? I'm like, that's a whole house. So we, so we went to we, it was a lot at. And I said, no, that's a whole house. He's like this a whole house. And it's connected to that. Yeah. Like do they connect? I said, no, these two different Houses, that shit be confusing. 'cause they like, yo, so y'all don't got no backyards? No We got alleys, Man. Like y'all ain't got no porch. We Got a bunch of chicks with red hair looking like Charlie, Baltimore. Y'all Listen man, Let me tell you something, Philly, the reason why I used to go to Philly is because I felt like it was like the old New York. So like New York started getting fancy this, I felt like Philly felt like the Bronx in the eighties And all like that.


I'm telling you. Right. So it just felt so raw. Another thing they inspired me a lot, rapping a lot. I would be on the corner. Moms would come out and start spitting. Everybody spitting. Yeah. You know, I'm not gonna lie, I got nothing to do with it. But when Meek Mill and Drake was going, I almost thought Mc Mill was gonna take this because everybody spit in Philly. Right. He know the assignment. Right. You go to Philly on the corner, they bring the grandmother out. She'd be like, look bars this, this, that. And you like, oh my God, everybody's going, everybody. Right. So when that happened I was like, oh, this guy, he might could take him because you know this, this, you remember, you know I'm into like gladiator to Roman movies.


It'll teach you a lot about life. Trust me. Right. So I learned from movies. Everybody swore to Sharp in Philly. Yeah. Everybody got bars. They spitting for dear life with flows and bars. So I used to go down there too, sitting on the corner, rap, hear dudes rapping. And it would inspire me to get better. You know, Philly was like a college for me man. It was crazy man. How do, how do it feel now? Right. You know, as you look at it, like, 'cause you went through a moment when when Pun died, family member died. You went through a deep depression. Ooh. And, and when you was in that, like how, what helped you get outta like for a year long? I don't do it no more.


Right. So unfortunately people gravitate to a dark spot. And so what I learned is I went through the real depression. I know we all know some of that, but I went through the sleeping in the bathtub. No water, no di like bad. If my wife came out or she smelled good, I'd get mad if it was sunny as was dark. But my crew was switching up on me. You know, 'cause I'm a leader. You know, last night I go to the funeral, the funeral was gonna be over at seven. I get up and a hundred get up at the same time and walk with me to the casket.


Like, you know, if you don't know him and you looking, you like, yo, these different. Right? How do you do that when you are under depression? How do you lead? How do you, you know, so everything was falling apart and it was like, you know, people were talking and this, this, that, you know. And so I had to go through that at a time where I was the leader, you know? And I'm telling you I wasn't fit to be the leader at the time. And trust me, they tested me to see if they could take over the position. So then I had to go cra you go cra look a crazy dude. Crazy dude. But the point is, I learned from going to therapy and I snapped out of it.


Two years later, we was doing the big punk graffiti war. And two dudes, man, how all these guys, I hear how you be talking, man, if I could find these guys, I would, I would bless 'em. I'd give 'em a duffel bag of money. Right. They walking by one dude tells the other dude, yo, what they doing? He like, ah, they doing the big pun boy. He said the big pun boy. He said, yeah, every year they do it. He said, every year how long it's been. And one guy said two years. I swear to God the, he said Two years. Two years, two years. Two years. Two. It wouldn't stop going two years. Two years. And at that moment right there is when I realized, yo Joe, you gotta start feeling guilty. You gotta stop. You know, being down on you.


Like I snapped. It was like night and day. It was like unbelievable. I just snapped out the, and I was like, yo, job done. Two years you couldn't do nothing. You didn't know I wasn't educated enough. If it was now, we would've got my son a little heavy. I called him up yesterday and was like, yo, I'm taking you to the doctor. We getting you some medicine or something. 'cause you gotta, you know, you 30 pump was 28 and died 27. So you know, that's the thing you gotta get right. You learned. Yes. You understand what I'm saying? And so with pun, we thought he was invincible. He would live forever, you know what I'm saying? We didn't know it was gonna end up like that.


But I got outta depression. So now when things try to pull me to the depression, I go towards the light. So some people, they like to dwell in it, wake up every day, oh man, this is, fuck yo, this, this, this. That's the depression. Me thus far, thank God, you know, I ain't let it do that to me. Like every time and s dying, rest in peace. Chubby baby, rest in peace. Chubby baby, you know, every day dying. It's a lot to be depressed about. It's changing the world. My, my my my my album is called The World Changed on Me. Right. It did. I feel like the last with a bodega on the block and they gentrifying the neighborhood.


Getting weird out here. The world getting weird. Yes. And all I know to do is be normal and hang out with the guys I know are normal. That's the only way to not get caught up in all this crazy is go, this is weird. Everything that's going on, we don't know about that. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But how they thinking. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Somebody get, man could be and a woman, they'll rather film the shit go world right. Than beat the dude up. Jump in. Yeah. Literally it happens. This is real every day. So it's the frame of mind of our youth and how they moving and how all this shit is weird that, you know, I just try to stay normal.


That's why I say The World Changed on Me. So now when I see all this shit and it'd be depressing. I can't elaborate on that man. You gotta focus on, I gotta move towards the light. Because if you go this way, you fuck, you know what that is? That's the treadmill you gotta focus on. You. It is like, and you on and and it's one thing they trying to kill you in Philly and you move to Brooklyn. They trying to kill you in Compton. Listen guys, they could be trying to kill you in Compton in Chicago. Now you can move to Memphis and they don't know you to start a new life. Right. They won't be shooting at you every day. Right. You just gotta start a new life somewhere.


Milwaukee. Right, right. When it's in your mind, you can't build a wall high enough. No, you're, this shit is here. It's over in your mind is so sophisticated. It's like the greatest Rubik cube ever created. Like, you smart. You know, you wouldn't be here if you wasn't smart. I'm smart. I wouldn't be here if I wasn't here. And I kept telling myself, you smart nigga, get out of this. You smart. Go. You know how to get out of this. Go. You know, figure it out. Figure it out. Figure it out every day. If You ever had to go talk to somebody. Yeah. I was talking to somebody every week, a woman. Okay. And she really helped me. Yeah. You know, she helped me. Now that was the most best. Remember I tell you the worst money I sp spent in the game, that was the best money I spent.


Because 20 years later, like bro, I'm human. So when come up there's depressing. I use that method and I walk towards the light and I don't let it consume me like that because it'll beat you up and then, right. That's not what we want. Want you to tell, explain to the young people, right? Because there's a lot of youngs out here, right? And they beefing and they going through shit. And a lot of times it don't be that serious. But in the game you was beefing with people. I was beefing with people. But now we older. Some of them people we cool with. Now I'm cool with all of them, right? So I get money with Jay-Z, I get money with 50, I get money with everybody.


All Of them. That's what I'm saying. So I want you to explain to the youth how important growth is and how important understanding that you may be, have a issue with somebody today, but you might be getting money with 'em in the future. Because 19 is not that serious. And 25 Is two different mindsets. One 19 and forties different, different mindset. Absolutely 30. But that's what we try to do, right? We try to lead from example, right? You see, I don't want your OG to be missing his teeth. I don't want him looking bummy. When you see FAT JOE, yo OG always looking good. He's just, it's not, it's not bragging in front of you. It's just letting you know that this is attainable.


Right? You could make it, this man came outta jail. You made it, you was rapping a long time. You made it in a whole nother lane. Right? But that's 'cause you have to remain positive and keep working and trying different things till God says, All right, this is for you. Absolutely. And so with the youth, they gotta understand, especially if you rapping, we talking about rappers or just streets? I'm just Talking about in general. Man, I got a uncle, right? My uncle is one of the leaders of a crew out here. Never said this before, but he, he was one of the inventors of a crew. A gang called the rat hunters.


They hunt rats in jail. Probably the most notorious crew in New York City. And my fa my uncle wasn't the first, he was the second. He went to jail for two murders. He ain't do and never told. And was tearing up the jails like, like tearing it up like we not proud of. Right? Come out there and be like, yo, you jabs nephew. I'm like, yeah. They like Jesus Christ. Yeah. These the animals telling me this fucking Tara Forest in jail, rest in peace jab. He also died. And only people there was the family. It wasn't all that crowded. You understand? For him being the leader of a legendary gang.


Right? But that's who we from. That's who I'm from, right? And the thing is, you gotta understand that this gang life, you know, they approached me for a gang. They approached me and they said, they said, yo, we want you to be in a gang. But


a million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by New Amsterdam Vodka. Now Let me tell you something about New Amsterdam. Vodka life ain't going your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your woman cheating today. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming but it didn't come your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka distilled five times, filtered three times for a clean, crisp finish. Now you can drink it straight up. You could drink it on the rocks. You can blend it with juice soda. Or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. That's up to you. But when you out and about at that local liquor store, make sure you scoop that New Amsterdam Vodka up. Run it to the register like a fumble on a gold line. And you rent it back. 99 yards poop. Get it home. Put it on the ice cocktails. However you like to drink it. New Amsterdam Vodka. There's no other vodka for you. Try the damn new Amsterdam.


Right? I'm popping. I got big plum with me. It was the biggest gang in New York City. And they said, we want you to be in the gang. You know the kids look up to you, this and this and that. And I said, well who owns a business in the gang? And they told me, well nobody owns a business. I said, well who's the ski school teacher or a principal in the gang? They said, well we ain't got none of that. So what is the, what is the biggest proclamation? What, what is the biggest I could do in a gang? That's, that's easy. We got such and such. He's doing two life sentences. No human can touch him.


He's that real. They can't even touch him no more. Well what's the second prize? That's easy. That's such and such 24 hour lockdown. This, this, that. He's the illest ever made. They make mittens for 'em. This, this. I said, well you telling me I'm getting all this money out here. Big pun went double platinum first time. Right? And you want me to join that shit? Yeah You tripping nigga. You got me all the way. He laughed like y'all laughed. Yeah, he just laughed. 'cause he knew. I was like, Hey you tripping. I said brother, I'm the wrong one to recruit. Right? Right. And if we keeping it a buck, 'cause we got a lot of strong brothers that we noticed in the gang and was born in that and living in that.


That does a lot to the kids trying to kill themselves. You know what I'm saying? Going at each other for like that. All I say is what my uncle, the reason I tell you this story, my uncle Jabo did 28 years. He came out and the first Julie gave me the whole family was like that Jas out, Jas out. I'll go pick him up. I put him in the car, he says, I said, what's the best advice you can give me? He said nephew. Because he used to talk like this nephew never be impulsive. He said everybody who's in jail was impulsive. Something happened. They just jumped and they did some shit.


Now they in jail 20, 30 years when we young, we very impulsive sometimes now FAT JOE, the old FAT JOE get upset at some shit. And I fall back for about a day. I let it marinate. Then I start looking at shit different the second day. The third day he like, yo, that really ain't about nothing. The normal FAT JOE would've called it up or ran down or whatever the case may be. But now I just try to give it some time. That's the best advice you can give somebody. 'cause kid got, he think he got disrespected, you know? Nope.


Look Old young, they don't know how to take a as. They just don't. Mm Mm So if it's an old dude that we consider a legend, he this and this and you hearing he got his ass with he jumping out with the bazooka. The kids worse. Yeah. You been out threaten them. They, they gonna shoot you to your sugar catch on fire. Well the point is guys like rest in peace. My brother Percy who died, There's an element of fear to them that unfortunately the scareder of the people, when I got shot, I got shot by a coward.


The dude owe me $10, I had 30,000 in my pocket. I kept with him, yo yo with my money. Yo yo yo. One day he comes and demented, he got the hammer. He letting it go. 'cause he think I'm going to kill him over $10. Which I'm not. But if you got that type of fear, they trying to kill you also. My brothers, the bigger you think you are, they stabbing you 10,000 times. They're not fighting you. Yeah. They gonna shoot you until you, until all your muscles Bro. They are not fighting. They gonna inflate you. They going to deflate. You quit. What? So you gotta really think about all that, you know?


And also if you're doing good, you doing good to get out of a bad situation now put you in a worse situation. Right. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. So when my era of rappers, they was coming in nice guys and then they started recruiting the bad guys thinking they tough and up they shit, They back Worse. Right. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. So that was, let me get that soda Didier, that that that you, how many times you seen guys that were nice guys turn tough after they got the money. Money. A lot of 'em. Yo, I'm doing the deal. You don, You don't know what I did. Right now I'm doing the, probably the biggest deal of my life right now, thank God.


And I just told, I talked tough to rich player. He's in the car. I was like, yo, this that he was Like, I said, I'm get my money up. I gotta act tough now. I'm getting my money up. He start laughing because yo, didn't I say it? I said, yo, you know what I, I seen so many rap dudes if we talking about rap dudes that once they got money they was totally different. He became shooters and Shit, gang members, this, that, this. And then the problem is the badlands know they really ain't about that light. Yeah. The Bronx, Brooklyn. They know all these guys. Comp know. Right. These guys were, these guys was giving flyers out because The first thing that's going to happen is Right.


One of my hit your hood and they fucking, with your raps and you putting up a certain persona, they gonna ask some nigga that's from your city. Yo, what's up? What's, oh nah. That rapper man. That nigga ain. Never Did big time. They going to tell the truth. Yeah. If you one thing's for sure you thinks for certain the streets of New York sanctioned this guy. They say, oh no. He, like, you hear other rappers say, man, when I met Joe, he was getting money already. You so you ain't gotta say it 'cause the streets going to say it for you. Mm. When when you call it they say, oh no, he, yeah he was, everything you say Is, but with all that you hosted Wendy Williams show.


Right. You hosted Drew Barrymore show. Right. Three time consistent. BET hip hop award host. And then now you, you, you got your own show on stars. Like now think about this. Right. We sit back, Joe, you sat back all your watching shows and watching interviews like Dateline, all that. Did you ever think that would become you? No. And we talking about this Joey Crack. I'm gonna tell you what happened. You was always GILLIE. You was always while I was always FAT JOE. So if we were chilling in the studio, GILLIE knew how I was when we off screen. Yeah. Yo, this tell a story. He got the story like, you know Kanye West used to call me and sit down like Russell Simmons is yo be like, yo, tell me a story.


How did Diamond D do this and this and that. Yeah. Diamond D got Pharrell. Pharrell. I'd be like, yo Joe come in studio. Tell me a story. I need to hear the stories. They knew I had the stories, they knew I had that type of talk. But it wasn't cool for us to be like that at the time. Once they started the podcast and opened up, you could be who you is. Yeah. That's how you shine. Yeah. Right. Because otherwise if we wasn't doing podcasts, you'd have had to be like, or doing whatever you're doing. You know I always say, bro, I was with Biggie Smalls all the time, never got one pick. Yeah. You was like a sucker to ask somebody for a pick. Yeah.


That's a travesty. Yeah. Right now I'm coming up in the elevator doing a selfie. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It's a different time. Right. And so it was like, you know, but I always knew I had that and I always knew. Let me tell you something, I was always blessed by God in a different type of way from the streets. Believe it or not, you hear FAT JOE was crazy. But I was the guy you could talk to these other guys. They bad guys. Yeah. I was still, no matter how wild that was. Yeah. He was the guy you talked to to squash some shit. Right. You know what I'm saying? He's got a brain.


Right. Like yeah. You know you could, some dudes ain't got a brain, they only know one thing. Right. You know what I'm saying? But Joe was the one you could talk to like, yo, let me holler at you. This is, it's a bad one these guys, you know. But I squash more beefs than started. I did. Yeah. Right. So I always was like a politician that a diplomat of the streets, a streets emissary. Yes. They call him a emissary Come, it could be you two trying to kill each other. They'd be like the only guy who can squash this and he's from the other side of the town. He's the only guy gonna start shooting if he's in the middle of the shoot. I did that for years and years and years and years.


And so that's what you see on the interviews and podcasts And you gotta have, see you guys. Right. The way I look at us now with TV shows and podcasts and stuff like that, we deserve this shit because we lived this shit. What gets me mad is we was always judged five mikes, all that shit. Yeah. Who didn't even, they didn't even look hip hop. They didn't even they they didn't live. They didn't, wasn't at the Fever and got they head bust open by a 40 ounce. He said they wasn't at the promoter. The promoter don't want, they did not show up to the Felton. It was 2000.


And then nigga was telling me he ain't got my money. Right. Yo my man we need this shit quarters. I done made paying quarters. I done opened the, the, the Pepsi machine. Yeah. I need my money. I took the quarters. Yeah the quarters. I need that. I need all mine. Nigga. I had a show one time. It was in Tampa. It was us, mob, deep Bunch of me, bunch of me, bunch of street. Everybody you can name at they Prime came down there, sold out lines all around. Fans on top of the cars promoted. Talking about he ain't got, everybody got a sad face.


You know Prodi G's over here. All of them walking to the Yo my man, what's up Yo. You know the bro, you paying me my money. I need my paper.


This episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by BODY ARMOR, sports water, alkaline water that provides real hydration, real electrolytes for real taste. Everybody's always drinking in the office around me. You know at the studio. Everybody, you know this one thing, this is a studio favorite right here. You gotta stay hydrated. The sports drink, the zero sugar and even the Flash iv after a long weekend we can get, we can't get enough of BODY ARMOR. The sports water in my opinion is the best water on the market. I've been telling y'all that for a minute. Make sure you go get yours at Walmart or a local grocery store. And don't forget when you are out and about. Matter of fact, I ain't gonna lie, I'm a little thirsty right now. Let me crack this puppy needed that when you out and about make sure you get you something potty on my sports water. Why would you get any other water when you could get BODY ARMOR?


Right. Is that your wedding? Wedding ring sir? Yeah. Come up off it. You know this, we start seeing if it's brass or gold, anything door. We taking the coffee machine we take you paying me. They, they learned something Mark Deep And all they say, yo, these is crazy, crazy. They going to get it. You not selling some shit out. Not paying me my second half. Yeah. That don't make sense. I'm not going for that. You know what I'm saying? You got to pay me. If I'm providing the service, you got to pay me. Another thing in this game is the value. You know we lose the, this is the only game hip hop that you, I don't know his business.


I'm a fan of him and I love him to death. But let's say the baby, the baby was on Jets headlining and everything. He got canceled. I know they played with his money. That shit they was giving him went like this FAT JOE, I'm doing shows for 20 years. The least you could pay FAT JOE. $50,000. I don't give a fuck. Where for 20 years I go through my tax. Same looking at me Joe. How many times you think they want to hear Lean back? We got 12 grand for you. I'm like, what in Yugoslavia?


Like you what China? Like And so I never made no excuses while I had to get back on that bike. I'm doing shows in Africa. I don't. And I, I'm terrified to fly. You're terrified to fly. I'm doing a show in Africa the next day in China. 1316. I was over there for 12,000. Like I gonna pay these taxes. Like I gotta, yeah I gotta get outta this. This is, this is bad. See I don't want the government on me like that. But you talk about depression, they take all your money then they send you a letter.


Okay. So when you owe the IRS, they send you this green and white letter. Right. For some reason they send you 40 of them a day. When you open this, 40 of them come out. They they got paper. They have paper. They know how to make a copy of the same shit. Every day you open the mailbox, 40 letters come out, you owe you, owe you, owe you all shit That make you jump off the roof. How do you think you coming back from some shit like that? It's impossible. You owe this, this, that come in your house, start looking at your shit like you a crack head. Yo. This painting Ramel Brittle goes for 25 Sanford them sun.


Oh this fur, your wife chin chiller about 18 s walking through your shit. Do everything on the list. You think you own violating you. They violating you. You got scammers calling your phone. If you got a house phone every day, you all but we could get you out of this yo. But you could pay me and I'll get you out this, this is insanity for you to get out. So I'm in Yugoslavia, Africa, everywhere you could think of just trying to get the fuck off this bubble. Yeah. I fired in one time. Right. I'm sitting, I'm scared to fly. Terrified. Even to this day. I don't give a fuck. If you put me on callous plane, I'm scared.


Right. The rug is orange, the ceiling's purple. The, the seats look like Indian and they talking. You never heard in your life. I was different languages hitting that turbulence and I'm looking out the window. What You don listen when he looked out the window? No, I'm looking out the window that Obama look out. You know when Obama be looking out the window, I'm looking out the window. I'm like, so the dude next to me, he managed me at the time who turned out to be a crook. He said, yo, what's wrong Joe? I said, I gotta get out this hope.


Yeah I gotta get out this taxes. I don't even feel like a right like a human being. He said, oh you never getting outta that. I knew he wasn't for me right there. What? He said, nah, you ain't never, he told me that. What type of team plays you? Yeah. You never getting outta that. That's gonna be for life. I looked at him, I knew that second. I said, oh this guy ain't for me. I'm getting him out here because he don't believe in me what I'm doing. You understand what I'm saying? Right. And so these type of people, so I, you know, got rid of him. He was stealing anyway. But no excuses man. I had to do what I had to do and thank God.


How do you come up with all the way up when you all the way down. Now let me tell you what, this shit was going on. I'm coming to Cool and Dre's studio every day I built, you know I, I discovered. Yeah. Yes. I'm grandfathered in nigga when I come through the studio's mind, no problem. This. So I'm trying to go to the studio. These young looking at me like what the fuck is old head doing in the studio? 'cause before me, nobody 40 something years old, put one out the park. Yeah. It just never happened. All our legends did it when they was young. They didn't do it as old. So I'm looking for the joint. Right. Like I'm Like I gotta make this joint to get me up outta this.


Right. These looking at me so crazy like you could just feel s like, yo this wasting this time. So I'm sitting in the chair every night I'm working one night I come up in there, watch this. Well I, one night I come up in there with yellow and purple hair. He like Yo og listen to my music right now. I'm not hating on the youth. I always support the youth. Yeah. It's the worst I ever heard of my wife. Right. I go to Cool and Dre, I said yo. He said he like, what's up? God said one of us gotta go the guy with the purple and the yellow hair on me. I'm not gonna hold you. We can't do this. My energy.


Yeah. I'm trying to win. Yeah. I can't hear the name with the purple and yellow hair talking some this hip hop we come from Rakim, NAS, all that shit. Yeah. We come from the Chub Rock brand new man nigga spitting Schooly D Magnetic yo. What are we doing here? Right over here playing me some vomit on wax. Nigga like he fucked up my right. I'm so bad. I'm so down. I'm trying to hallucinate him up. Right. This fuck yo, one of us gotta go. Right. They just looked at me, yo. They fell on the floor. Dan dying laughing. They was like, yo, crap. I said, I said we gotta go him or me.


Right. I can't have it. Of course they let 'em go. They was like, nah, crack. But they was like crack man. What? What's I said nah. And then that was when the game was really changing to where a lot of wax was going through. And so, you know, and I'm not down in the youth. I always say I support the youth, but we took a lot of pride when I was coming up, you know what I'm saying? And making the music and you know, I seen a bunch of little guys, they just won with some quick shit. They, and then I'm not mad at them. They're not sticking nobody's mother up. They feeding they crew and they family. But I'm into quality, you know what I'm saying?


Not quantity and putting the back in the music, you know, from where we come from. You know, you asking me serious questions like the, the whole game up man. You see how, you know Martin Luther King got got dogs put on him, got killed, got put in jail, got so much So we can vote. And now you got, I don't wanna vote. I don't want this like, you know, I think we need a history 1 0 1 so the youth could know it wasn't always this sweet paid they dues.


They, they gave their lives. But see, one thing about us, what's a lot different from our generation to the younger generation is like you just sat here and you said I did it for 'cause of this and because of this person and because of this person. These young be like man oldheads man. And it's crazy. But They don't say You No, but, but You know why. Yeah. You know why? Because you're men of respect. And so when they see Joe Crack, they're like, yo, they they, they see me, they be like damn og. Like, But but what I'm talking about be like you. Huh? What I'm talking about is just how we just had respect For people. Oh no. We have respect. They got that Come.


Yeah. They come up through. What they Respect is the Bag. Right. They Respect as long as you respect Right. The bag. See that's how they get down. Right. See I could see any old legend right now. I'm I'm Man if he up he down, how he looking? If he, if he iced up, if he look regular. No is a respect thing GI appreciate you the youngest only respect you if you a OG that still look like you do. If you remotely ain. Man man he cracking. Man. I'm Gonna fucked. I'm gonna tell you what's crazy OG a legend dog for Us. I'm gonna tell you what's crazier. It's like not even with just hip hop, just in the world.


It's like people say the wildest shit is to get attention.


This episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by DUKE CANNON. Look at this. Look. Look at this. Look. Look at the varieties. Look. Lemme just show you the varieties first. Oh man. What are we talking about? Maybe you seen du Cannan products in Target, Walmart or your local hardware store. If not, let me introduce you. DUKE CANNON makes a variety of men's grooming goods. Big ass bricks of soap, thick body wash, beer care stuff, colognes and hair wash. They also donate money to veterans causes each year through the Duke Cannon's veteran fund. Simply put, they give a damn and their products work hard and smell terrific. Most of the year I'm a saw two thick body wash guy. Then in the fall I like the buffalo tree soups. But during the holiday season, which is pretty much here, I put the big ass lump of cold soap on my wishlist is a holiday classic like die hard shop now at DUKE CANNON dot com. Amazon and Target or Walmart. They're everywhere. Like broken glass go forth and save 20% on soap bundles and gift sets. The product, the packaging. You won't find better gifts for men when you're list this year 20% off right now. What'll we talking about? DUKE CANNON. Get it right.


I know, Right? But just saying sometimes, not sometimes all the time. If it's water there, don't say yo, that sold look good that they just saying Wow. Just to be like relevant. You know? And it's misinformation to anybody who's taking that for real. If, if a young kid is saying, see, and I seen some shit the other day. They asked, they kept just asking people, how do you get your news? Be Like, I get my news on TikTok. I get my news on this, this, that I get my, this, this, that. I look at them. That's how I know this. That shit is crazy.


Right? And they living on that Because you know what I saying? And what's so crazy is that they could just put anything out there and it's real. That's crazy. They could put anything out there. And all it takes for 10 publications, the reposting is Real. No, no. Right now it's the scariest time. You know, we so blessed man. You know why? Because this is the scariest time as a celebrity. Ever, ever, ever. I'm not just talking about violence, I'm talking about Slander. What? You could be slander. They make a you, they make a rumor about you run with it so bad that it's true. That's True. They don clean it. Don't clean it up. When they find out they don't, they don't. Correct. They don't put the same energy in correcting it.


They don't clean it up. They don't, There's But then when they find out it's not true, nobody posts it. Yes. You feel what I'm saying? It's, it is crazy. And then the craziest is, lemme tell you some other shit is that I noticed this is really crazy. Is that, you know, just like you said, respect, whatever. All right. What is there to respect about GILLIE? What is there to respect about Wallo? Well these guys went through a tough life. They hear positive. They taking care of their family. They feeding you jewels so you can learn that. You don't go through the mistakes they go through.


They come from where we come from. We seen their struggles and they here and they went in and we should celebrate that. That's a normal mentality. Yes. That's how we were brought up to be, to respect that. Now I see like a backlash of successful people and celebrities. Yeah. Can I say this? If you look online, they're like, I'm gonna say this. Yo, why are we listening to the celebrity? This guy, yo, he this, I'm gonna say this. Why are you mad? Ah, Joe, we come from this place, Joe. In this the, the rea the the real, where we come from the ghetto success have became your success has reminded me that I ain't do nothing with my life and I abandoned my dreams.


Hmm. So now, and it's like everybody that cheered for you to come up. Once you come up, it's Like I ain't never go nowhere and everybody is entitled Joe ain't do shit for me. Joe don't know you dog. He ain't do nothing for me. They ain't doing nothing for this. They ain't doing nothing for bro. You gotta be able to look in the mirror today. And what we lacking. We lacking accountability. 'cause we living in a place now where though everybody want to be rewarded for half, half effort. They want to be rewarded for effort. They don't want to be rewarded for finishing. And everybody looking like it's your fault, your fault, your fault. It ain't nobody fault that you not in the position that you in. You gotta look in the mirror in the morning and say, did I do everything that I needed to do to get where I need?


Did I, because as a man, Joe, I know every day that I get up, my brother that got killed, little Steve, his, his sons, his daughter's son, I mean his, his son, daughters and everything. My grandma, my mom, my pe I know I gotta take care of all of them. Every day that I get up, I gotta do everything. If I, I'm willing to die every day to make sure that I'm, that's my responsibility. I can't put that on another man. I can't put that on. 'cause I can't put that on. And that's how I get up every day as a man in this world. You gotta get up every day and be willing to die to take care of the people that's, that's looking at me. Because I can't, I can't give my niece no excuses. I can't give my mom no excuses.


You know what I mean? I can't get a woman in my life, no excuses. I'm also not ashamed of being successful. I, I can't be, I can't For what? And I'm so sorry If there's a new thing that you want people to feel bad because they're living how they work to live. And so my thing is, you're absolutely correct. And so what we got, Especially in the black and brown, yes. We got lack of accountability. We got people who are mad at themselves and they reach in a certain age and they're like, yo, yeah.


Fuck a thousand, thousand women. Yeah, I went to every, I did this and this, but look at me. I'm 50 years old, 55. I ain't got shit to show for it. Now they start getting mad at you and they're like, yo, this here, this and this and that. But let me tell you what I do and I'm gonna do something that I never do. Right? I feed 10,000 families every Thanksgiving. I don't just feed them, I give them turkeys. This big rice, beans, candy, yam, mac and cheese soup produce.


I parked three 18 wheelers in front of my stores. In my stores in the hood. Smack dead in the hood. I got single parent womens who bought their first home running the joint. We don't talk the shit. We live this shit. And that's, I go to Hollywood, I preach that black and brown. I got us LeBron Executive producer, Maverick. I got a series sold. Kenya, Barris, terreros, the Dominicans. I'm not these guys. Yes, it's, it is sad, right? Because I'm not, these guys not talking to not living there.


I'm going in Hollywood talking about, yo, this black and brown. That's what we doing. Guess what? All my shit positive too. It's a problem. People want that. No, but this A problem. No, No, no, no. People want that negativity. That's The problem Joe. Nigga want that. If it's the flip side though, Joe, if you in the pen right now, they love you. If you in the pen calling shots from the joint on the phone, they post their pictures up. They love you. Why would I, I get you get all this love. If I'm, if they posting up on the gram, I'm unable to bang on a joint, Man. That's fucking bro. I could do something better for you. Hold on, hold up. I could do one better for you. 'cause I've seen it. You ain't see it. But I saw it. I noticed one.


You didn't see that I saw you either. You couldn't have, there's a re reggae tone. The artist, Latin Spanish artist who was considered Tupac Shakur took 500 years. A million keys. This, they, you would go to Puerto Rico and they would have Jesus Christ picture and would have his picture. His name is Depo. He's like a KRS one the best from the back in the day he went to jail, they literally, you would go to my cousin's house. They had Jesus and they had tempo. Tempo. Won an appeal, a miracle of God.


By the time that man took an airplane from the United States to Puerto Rico, where they had a million people in the middle of the streets dancing. They already had the disc record shooting at him. He's, he's old. He's this, he's his mother will smack him with this before he reach Puerto Rico. Tupac Shakur is alive. His name is Tempo. Hmm. Took 500 years, never told on nobody. Stand up in jail throwing as soon they let land. If Tupac Shakur comes today and says he was in Cuba, God bless Tupac. By the time he land here, there's this record trilogies going at him.


That's deep. That went, that's deep. That's deep. Man. You understand what, I seen him with my own ice. I went to Puerto Rico to jump up and down. When he got there, FAT JOE went to Puerto Rico. Tempo. Like I'm thinking this guy, yo, wow. They dis oh, first, second. And the best the is like the Eminem or Spanish, the nicest one went at him. Like I was like, oh my God. And so that's how up it is. What the tego called it Wrong. No, no, no. Tego is a legend. No, I'm trying to, yeah, he's a legend's a young dude. But what I'm trying to tell you is I saw it.


Yeah. Yeah. That's in real life. We'll talk about it. But I really saw it. Saw you sold it. Yeah. There's Puerto Ricans and Spanish dudes that know this story. Oh, everybody know it. And I'm just telling you the truth. If Tupac came back, they go at 'em. And so it's unfortunate, you know, that we that that we living in these times, man. Where we hate our own. Yes. You know? But you know, we, we try to show 'em that, you know, they could do it. Like I'm telling you the truth. I don't just be fly to brag or whatever. I like getting fly. I like driving. But I always done It. Like when I went to other artists' houses and they were beautiful or they were living great, I'd be like, wow, we could do this one day.


Yep. We could get there. I never had a jealous lens. Yep. Right.


This episode of me and Osworth for Game is brought to you by Aura Frames. Isn't it funny? Our people we love most are often the hardest to shot for. Luckily there's one gif everyone on your list is sure to enjoy. That's our digital picture frame, named number one by Wirecutter Oral Frames makes it incredibly easy to share unlimited photos, videos directly from your phone to the frame. And when you give a oral frame as a, you can personalize and preload it with thoughtful messages, photos, using the Aura app, making it ideal, present for long, distant loved ones. It's a gift so special, they'll use it every day. So just make sure you tap in with Aura frames because you know people, memories, memories, memories, pictures, it's, you know what I mean? People love to, to, to keep memories. You know what I mean? And these are big, especially for grandparents, parents, people that's not so tech savvy. So make sure the holiday season you get it up. Save on the perfect gift by visiting Aura frames.com to get 35%, $35 off aura's bestselling carver mat frames by using promo code million dollars at checkout. That's aura frames.com promo code million dollars. The deal is Exclusive to listeners. So get yours now in time for holidays. Terms and conditions apply.


I never had a jealous lens. Let me tell you something. I got a friend. We got a friend, but I ain't telling you. And he's doing the deal And he's the last guy you ever in your life would've thought he's going to that elite level of money. Like to another elite level. Joe got money. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about Dr. Dre. He said a friend of ours, he was like, yo, I ain't sleeping four days. They offered me some shit. He was talking to himself, mumbling, laughing. I'm like, yo, I told him you deserve that.


You earned that. He looked at me, he looked at me. He said, man, you the only one talking to me like that. And there was no sense of jealousy for me. Right. 'cause I'm still climbing. You see, unfortunately, everybody that came before me been broke in my family. I can't leave it up to my family to be rich in the future. I gotta do what I gotta do while I'm on earth. Right. So then a hundred years from now they have a painting of me extra fat and got jelly on his shirt. Right. Yeah. That is Joseph Carter Jr. He did it for us. Right. This the guy who put us in the game. Yeah, right. I swear to God, that's what I'm going for. Right, right. And so it's like coming from that, it happened to me guys.


I didn't feel one inch of jealousy. All I was happy and proud and I was like, wow, yo, for real. Yo. Wow, yo, you deserve that. Just don't forget me, man. I want to ride with you on the boats and shit. And you do all that. 'cause you know we going to, you giving like us some money like that. We going to act up. You know what I'm saying? Like yeah, nah, you got to Lamborghini Meat bag. No, you Got to watch 63 bed. 63 what? Bench truck. What? Porsche. Oh, you ain't pick up truck, Buy another one. Yeah. I better, I don myself treat myself. Yeah. Because you know why? Even our families gotta understand. Right. Our families gotta understand, yo, I'm working for this shit.


I work every day. No, no, no, no. I'm working for this shit like FAT JOE working more than the young rappers ask you a question. And the skinny rappers right, he is working. Right. For real. My bones hurt. Right. Y'all think I just say it? I know I see you. No, no, no, no. My bones hurt. Yeah. You know Bones hurt. Yeah. I, I get in the, the, the bathtub because my be hurting. Yeah. So I sit up in there, you know, you know how many shows I got up to go do God bless arenas and my bones is hurting. And I'm like, where we at? Boey outta the hole now. Okay.


Call my family. They show me the marble and where they living or they in Miami with the view of the whole, I'm like, All right, this is what I'm doing it for. Right, right. You could be the richest guy in the world. Yeah. And all they got is La Quinta him. Yeah. You got to going the best. La Quinta Being that best. Sleeping with your clothes on, you be sleeping with your clothes on, on top of motherfucker. I got, I got, I'm bed. I'm the king of the bedbugs man. I done got hit by so many bedbugs. Yeah. They love you because I gotta go make it happen. I gotta make it happen. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. So what I'm saying to you is we put in that work, you gotta treat yourself. Yes. I don't understand guys who shout out my, my publicist did here.


You know, I've been gassing them to get a nice watch. He came today. He said, yo, I bought my something. I said, good for you man. That fly right there. What's it for? If you being cheap, you ain't living a good life. You ain't eating a good meal. Your kids ain't going to a good school. You this, this, this, what are you doing? Right. Because the U-Haul truck ain't gonna pull up behind you. Oh no. Behind your mother basket. No, no. They tried it. They tried it. They didn't. The Egyptians and the, and the, and the and the Cleo patches, they died with they shit. Yeah. They threw the diamonds And all, guess what they did? They dug the shit back up and took the gold and the diamonds.


Right. I would've did that. The tomb of King Berry and Daddy, They, they pulled Back Diamonds and shit. Yo, we gotta go. Right. They did it. And so what I'm saying to you is you can't take that shit with, you can't. You just can't in time. One thing I do know is that we all have an expiration date. We, some of us go foul than others. Worse than others. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But we do have an extra. Everybody got one. Let me ask you this question, while people could, you know, point they fingers at you, ah, you know what, I'm at this point in life, I didn't, when you was down in, out on them taxes and you had to go to Africa in years, nobody.


I was sitting on that couch by myself. By yourself? Eating the pint. Haaz, my man Richard Barber, he ain't had the money, but at least he sat there next to me. He was telling me, nah, you get it back and I'll be up in there. The only guy, whoever offered me something was pit bull. He was the only who said, yo Joe, come see me. So I came to see him and he was like, yo, you need something please. I don't wanna see you like that. My brother e Philly from Philly. Okay. E Philly came with a duffel bag of money, not lying to you. He was like, please bro, take the money please. I was like, yo e I'm good because even though I'm bad, I'm good. Yeah.


If I'm making 40,000 a month, that ain't really bad. Right, right. It's just bad for where I, I used to, I used to, I used to be on private planes and shit like that. I like peeking at the baby. Got and that's understand my broke now. Ain't your I was arguing when I say yo, I'm still treating dinner for 20 dudes. Right. I'm still this, I'm not broke. I still got the newest Benz. Right. I just ain't got the Rolls Royce coloring. I just had to take the color in the back. Yeah. Yeah. The coloring in his back. But, but, but, but you said something important and you gotta educate These dudes hold Up Pit Bull e Philly and then some Billys. I knew Lauren Roder and, and, and j and Jr.


My mentors, they put me under their wing. They tried to gimme a million dollar check. They chased me around their crib. I didn't take it. And then he said, I'm gonna show you how to get money. I'm gonna show you how to be a businessman. This never happens to you no more. I was with him every day for five years. He taught me so much business. And that's why we moving the way we moving. Yeah. If it wasn't for him, I wouldn't know how to do it. He taught me that game. Million dollars Mworthofgame. You. Right. But how do you tell these? Because one thing about me, I ain't even going front Joe. I'll never forget the first time I pay taxes. Right. Cry. Listen. I called Gil. Hold up. No, I'm telling this story. No, no hold.


No. I gotta tell it. I gotta tell it. I'm driving in my 63 Benzs. Right. I paid my taxes today. Today. Listen, continue. Yes. Continue. So I paid my taxes today. Your own point. My S this title. That's how Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I'm every Year. So I'm driving. Right. I'm Driving. Do you know what I call my accountant when my phone rings. You'd be mad, Dr. Death. Yeah. I, yo, you'd be mad. It's Dr. Death. So, so, so listen. You call him. If my phone ran right now, it was him and say Dr. Death. So this is what happened. This what happened, Joe. I do all this time in jail. Come on. I'm doing my thing. Celebrate. I'm working hard. So John called me. I'm driving to six three brands. I'm driving downtown Philly ready to go to the, I'm ready to go to the fourth season, have my lunch, chill, meet to 63.


He hit me. He like, he's like, you All right? He said, where you at? He said, you parked? I said, no, I'm ready to park now. I park up. Right. I don't even know, I don't even peep the whole line. He text me, he said, check your email and you text me. So I get to join. I'm like, this and the email, I'm talking about my heart. It was like somebody was kicking me in my heart because I don't know, I think the only like playing taxes has gotta be like a Jay-Z. Listen, listen. No, no, no. Don't bother him. No matter It don't bother. Listen, lemme just say at that point I was so hurt because I'm Like, I didn't know nothing about ta. I didn't know I gotta give him this much money. John. I gotta take all that outta my account. I really gotta give him this is you serious?


I'm so, now I become mad at John. I'm like John, I'm like, John did you, I called Gil. I said, Gil, he called me. You ain't gonna believe this shit. He said, these motherfuckers, he Gonna say like this. He said, cus you mean to tell me cus we just gotta Check. You are a legit citizen for This and for no reason before we do anything, we gotta, we gotta give them this For no reason. What? I don't even know nobody name Sam. For what reason? I'm like, no, no, no, no, no. Listen, they your partners. Oh my God. They Scream though. I don't even know nobody. They ain. So now Joe, Joe, that day moving forward, I never looked at my number, like the number. I looked at it like if you, If you smarter than me, I still look at the number.


Like I can't Off. And then at the end of the year I just go back. No. See we Pay quarterly. We, we pay quarter three months. 'cause I'm like, because you Don't wanna see the real number. I don listen because no fuck no. We not even, that's a hurt piece. We not even play with these people. Got my accountant pays Just this every three months. Your account pay extra. Orange do too. I just got a check. Yo. He pays extra. He pays extra Orange do too. Like did like right now he saved me 200 something thousand just on something. And I'm like, well why it ain't off the bill? You know, we'll just pay. We have that towards next year. This. I'm like, yo, this guy likes to pay.


It's Scary. It's hurtful. Extra. Like why we don't get it back if we save this? Yeah. Why we don't, why, why the money don't go back into your account? Yeah. Yo. They want to pay extra. How Did you get in the jam for these young artists out Here? No, that wasn't my fault. Oh. Somebody else's. I did everything. Oh. They was playing games. I did everything. But, but everything Everyth, crime stuck people up. You know in my house my alarm is on 24 hours a day until my wife, my daughter. Watch your mirrors. Leave that alarm on. 'cause these police will come in 20 seconds. Open the door with the alarm on for FedEx in case the nigga kicked the door down.


Them cops is coming in 30 seconds. I don't trust nobody. Right. I don't trust nobody either Because I was a bad guy and I did it all. You know, I'm like the guy, what was the movie? Catch me. If you can me if you can, I every crime where they can hire me. Right. So I don't trust nobody. Right. So


Morning tobacco smoke increases the risk of lung cancer and heart disease. Even in non-smokers. This episode of me and Osworth for Game is brought to you by Swisher Sweets. Swisher Sweets knows you are all about to level up. And so are they with a family of brands that provide a smoke for any sesh. With Swisher Sweets is more than a sesh. It's to refresh. Ignite an icon with Swisher Sweets savor, hand-selected pipe tobacco with BLK. Elevate your smoking experience with legend or kick back and enjoy America's broad leave aged for two years and leave. Whether you're gathering your crew for a SES or having a smoke alone. For a moment of reflection, refresh your sesh with Swisher. Sweet.


Right. I got robbed by an accountant. We sending him wire transfers every month to pay the taxes. He don't pay the taxes. I got robbed by two accounts. Millions of dollars. That's right. So this guy, when we catch him, the government catch him. It's crazy. Right. Ow. 'cause you, you pretty much said the same. They told me I went to buy a car and my credit, I could have bought this whole building with my credit guy was like, yo, you sitting down, it says here you ain't pay your mortgages, you ain't pay your cards. Your did. And I'm like, what? Call accountant up. I'm like, yo, my man. It says, he was like, don't kill me, don't kill.


I said, I never threatened you B but I'm sending you my, I was more embarrassed than anything. Yeah. That's how I found out. He wasn't paying my shit. I go get another accountant. I say, yo, look up my IRS. They say, yo, you ain't, you ain't paid these people no taxes in two years. Oh my God. I said no way. I got to think. So when my lawyer, who's the best lawyer, Jeffrey Lipman goes to the feds and he's like, yo, look we paid the wire, Jeffrey. They said, nah Joe as the leader of his household is responsible for whoever he hires. That's when that shit, that shit, when that shit get real. Yeah. A motherfucker said we don't care if he innocent. There's a loophole call.


He's responsible for who he hires. Yeah. Damn. And that's how I went through that. Not only did I have to pay the tax back again, you had to pay the money. They stole. You had to pay fees on top of that. Man. I went in that boy house in order to cop out. I paid all the money. But whatever happened to him, Nothing. I paid all the money back walking court. I'm thinking, you know, I paid all the money back. I did whatever I had to do. They gimme a letter and the letter is a penalty. Oh. It was another million three. Oh my God. Because I had paid the initial.


But There's the penalty for not paying in Time. Man. The lawyers cost so much money. The forensic accountants, the this, this, this. Damn, it's such a hole. Most people could never get outta that hole. It's a scary hole. Right. So they gimme that. My head is hurting. I'm like, yo, I walk in the courtroom, I'm thinking it's done. They gimme a penalty. 1.3 million penalty. Don't even know how they came up with the number. So we go through that. They gimme four months in jail. Not only I go to jail. Now how about this, you go to jail for four months.


It's still eight months. In the eight months that you busting your ass trying to get your money up. You gotta pay back the millions of dollars you just paid them. You gotta pay 50% on that. 'cause they looked at it like you made profit. Are you guys listening to this? Yes. So you paid them all this money to be clear. Now you gotta pay the 50% on that money in eight months. It ain't even a year. I'm in jail four months. I got in eight months. I gotta pay him 50. I never even knew you went to jail for for that. What? I never knew you went to jail for Taxes. That's a whole nother chapter of of money. A million dollar worker again, you don't like jail.


He was in there way longer than me. He seen some shit. Yeah. My four months Fed Horrible. And they put me in a scary building. But no be to be, it's hard. It's harder to go to prison when you snatch from success. You snatch. He got he the head of a Hole. No, I had to go in there as FAT JOE. Yeah. That's hard. Yeah. He had a bag of chips to his name. I expecting, trying to extort me And all. I thought I was gonna have to stab. They stabbed me all shit. Shit. I'm not getting extorted. Yeah. But thought somebody had the balls to try. Yeah. They didn't know. Right. You know what I'm saying? So, and they put me in jail in Miami. I had 300 waiting for me in every jail in New York City. Yeah. Every jail had 300 in the gate.


Yo crack coming, crack coming, crack coming. Right Last minute on a Sunday. They tell me, yo, you live in Miami? We gonna put you in Miami. Now they put me in this building, it looks so scary like the gate. And I was going to the sky. Right. So I walk in there, three guys walk up to me. They're wearing suits, nice haircuts and shit. And he like Joseph Carter. Yeah. All right. Come right this way. I'm like, I'm thinking I got a new case. He is dressed too sharp. I'm the warden. This is the captain. This is the the other warden. Deputy warden. Yeah. We sitting there. We never had a guy like you in here.


He said we got murderers, we got drug kingpins, we got leaders of the gorilla fuck Army in Columbia. We got coke do shower posse. We got, they telling me the names. They like, we don't know why they sent you here. It's four months. You should be in a camp. Yeah. It was like the warden was like, we don't know why they sent you in in the camp. This when s fighting they cases. Right. MCC nigga, nigga want to be, he know he just blew try. He could stab me on the elevator for no go out. The nigga kill FAT JOE stab him on. They put me in there with the, with the lions.


But you know me, the paper don't matter up the real reputation. Right. You know what I'm saying? So I'm like, yo, listen, I'm humble. Let me go, you know. You know who called me. This is weird but I gotta say it. I'm walking into jail at eight o'clock, 7 59. Man never called me. Little Wayne calls me. Yeah Yo Crack. I said, oh shit Wheezy. He was like, yo, I know you going in there right now. I said, yeah. He said, just be humble. I said, word Wayne. That's what you say. He said, just be humble. You be All right.


Just be humble. Don't go in there on that bull. I was like, All right Wayne. I don't know who gave him my number. I don't know. He called me at the perfect time. He just gave me that call and I walked in there and that's the line I used to them 'cause they was trying to force me to go to pc. Yeah. I can't do pc. The badass don't want it. Chicago don't want it. No. No. Compton don't want it. Nah. The Bronx don't want it. Yo, your man Joe Craig. It wasn and it was it pc. They was making them sing songs in there. Like, you don't want that? No, no, no. I got to get killed in that big beat up. Something. Something. You don't want that.


Am I lying? Wallow. You don't want that. So I'm telling them, I'm begging them. Please. I'm humble. I'm gonna be All right. Send me to the I know how to move. Yeah. I'm a good guy. Yeah. And so they, they sent me up there, you know what I'm saying? And then, you know, whatever happened, I, I I can't tell you Wao 'cause you've been in there for so long. But yeah, let's just say, I'll tell you something. In my house, the night before I went to jail, my man Chef Mark, he cooked so much shit. Everybody came by. Yeah. Right. Pistol. Pete did over like 20 something. I know. Pistol Pete in jail. Shout out pistol. He got the dog in the yard. Paul Cats.


Yeah. So Pistol's the last one there. Yeah. Pistol's a dangerous guy. Kelly. Like as they come, guys like him. I'm not gonna lie. Right. He look like he want to cry. Yo God, if I could do this shit for you, I do it God, we the mother. I don't want this for you. Yeah. God. I'm like, so I asked him one question. Right. I said, your pistol, what's it gonna be like that? What's it gonna be like for me in jail? He said, you the dawn out here. Right? I said, yeah, just like that. When you go in there, once you settle in, you gonna be cool. You, you, you gonna be running it like you run it out here.


He ain't lie. I had a chef I had cleaning my room couldn't. And you know, I'm doing all the type of fuck I used to have this guy, he used to clean my room and I tell him, I go like this. He says, I said, how much the most they pay you to clean they room? He said $5. I said, I'm gonna give you a hundred dollars a month. But when I come in here and I go, I better not have dust on my finger. Like my, my soup better be so iron. I better have so much permanent crease. Nigga, that nigga, I had a barber. Right. And he was not so I gotta say this 'cause I feel like one day I'm gonna meet him.


Right Puerto Rican with the tail. Right. Barely speak English. But he was not, every time I got into shit, he was with me. He was always ready to go. Yeah, right. How much you get paid? He said, the most I ever get paid $5 a month. He said, I'm gonna give you a hundred dollars. But when I call you, you better stop any cut you doing. Run up here and cut my shit right here in front of the whole jail. Okay. Go. Yo, any given day I come out, go, they start running up the, the tear the metal.


I said go, I ain't even have, I had a mustache. I was embarrassed my was going white. I just have a fucking mustache. I didn. I took off the whole just had a little mustache. Right. He come through, through the mustache in front of I'm be like, okay, okay. Then go back there. Like I was, I, I was playing games in there like big time game. They give you chicken on me on Thursday. That's like t me young. That's Like I had chicken every day. Dozens of chickens every day. I was wildling. I was, He was having his weight. Now listen. Yeah. The World Changed on Me. You went back. I want to know, I want to know you went back, you got your boys cool and Dre, you got Don Cannon producer, then you got Baby Chase. I tell you something Man, better than everybody.


But be honest with you To the Mic, I'm better than everybody. Mm. I'm gonna be honest with you. Everybody could put out their albums. They could do whatever they want. You know I'm Big Poppy Ortiz. Mm. I hit Grand Slams. I go for the big. And so this album from the street to the hits to the parties, to the dis, you know I'm quadruple og. My song is about to hit top 10 on the rhythmic charts. Number one, the UK black charts. I'm putting out a single with me and Babyface is going to be number one. And so I don't play. And then the street records, they come from a real place.


Yes. So the production is crazy. The shit is crazy. You know, maybe when we die they, they give you your flowers when you die. Unfortunately. Unfortunately. How crazy is that? Right. That flowers like think about it. No, nor Nor give you flowers here. No, No, no. But I don't care about Nori giving me flowers while we here. I'm not saying that. I'm saying just universe. The world. Clark can't the world. Yeah. Yeah. Clark, no, Clark Can't Peace. Biggie Peace. The Clark Clark camp man. No Jay-Z. No. This the man pushed everybody to be great. Got everybody. Yeah. We wait till he died. Till we just go. I wish we could see it. Yeah, I get it.


It's for the family. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But I wish I could see, you could see it. So FAT JOE been great for a long time. Not just music and everything. We do anything for the culture. Whether it's, I used to write graffiti, whether it's coaching street basketball, I'm the all time winning is coach. Whether it's this, whether it's that, whether it's this, whether it's, I could tell you first rap to perform for walking in the ring. You know, it is just so many firsts for everything. I mean let's talk about the elephant in the room. I'm as black as you and you, I'm as black as any black guy. Yeah. But I really, I'm Puerto Rican and Cuban too.


Nobody doing this type of shit I've been doing for 30 years in this rap game. It's so much to be overlooked that like I'm gonna put out an album that everybody else album up. Right. And they still going to act like it's regular. Like oh yeah, it's Joe. Oh you got another number one? Yeah. Okay. He's spitting his As off. Yeah. Okay. It's FAT JOE. You know what I'm saying? And this shit crazy. But that's why I made sure I came here to tell you I'm the best. I'm the best. You get mad at me. You curse at me.


Cap whatever the fuck you want. I'm not talking about all the rappers that was the greatest 30 years ago, 20 years ago, 10 years ago. I'm talking about now You the best. I'm the best. I respect It. You see what I'm saying? And that's just the fact. And when you get the album where you hear the album, you gonna be like, yo, this is going crazy. It's not normal. You see most of our artists, no matter if they were the greatest, we ever heard their flows and their deteriorate. You know what I mean? Yeah. Or you get a artist from my era. Yeah. He talking about I had this, I used to be, I used to remember when the bubble Goose was sitting.


Nah, I got the right now. Right now I got the right now. Right now I'm talking. That's why we don't even interview old that you still popping 98 Y'all. I got this. What now? Shit on right now Got s the minimum 400 For that. This is gen, this is gender free. Whatever they call it. It's for everybody. That's the mother. Right. But I'm saying is I got the shit on now. We went in right now this ain't, we ain't telling back in the day stories. This Ain't no fucking throw back Thursday Or when we Nah, this now. Right. You got Instagram, just look at it.


Right. You see what the fuck we doing out here. Go right now. Right now. And so that's what I'm trying to tell you in real time. You know what I'm saying? And so what we all hoped or we all used to wish for. Yeah. Before we got on the elite level of thinking. Yeah. Right. Was yo, at least I want to die fly. Or I want to, I want to, I want, you know, am I gonna do it till I'm outta here? 'cause we know so many who used to have it or used to be fly or used to this and this and they have they time. They not that no more. No. We still salute 'em. Right. We see 'em and be like, yo og, yo yo, yo my man I, that's what I do. Right.


But give, give a dude credit for you know, fighting all the odds. Coming back from everything under and still doing it underdog and still doing it at an level And still doing It At an elite. At an elite level. And don't take my music light. It's called The World Changed On Me When it Comes. Listen to it and really say that boy going crazy with the flows, the content. He don't sound like he used to have it. He's telling you what's going on right now in 2024, December 13th, get the album. See FAT JOE. Let's say He said but the not Black though. Ozempic. So he's not so FAT JOE. Mm. Trump sneaker tried to cancel me on TV next day I'm at the White House with the vp.


Mm. My life on the whole fucking bad get money till I'm gone. Mm. And it's hard. You see what I Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm trying to let him know it's quick. Man, You got, you gotta come down the land and dude you gotta come down Summertime do one in the land. Man. Bad land do a show. I'm trying to let him know. Right. I'm alive. You here, The game is alive. Uncle Luke's alive. Yes. Legends are alive.


Right. Salute them when you see 'em. Salute 'em. They paid the way. Alute Saute. Shoot Em. You understand? Salute. Salute them When you see you're saying We alive. Yes. Right. The game is alive. You know how nasty game is on that mic. Uncle Luke started that whole shit. Yeah. So many artists, I could just tell you they alive salute 'em while they here. Right. You don't let nobody die and then the next day you want to throw 60 yo bro, you should have let him Know rest in peace And all that. You should have told him you love him while they here that shit. And I talked to Clark Kent before he passed and I told him I love him. I told him I appreciate him. I told him all of that because Clark Kent was the first person to bring me to New York and throw me on the record with Ice Cube and Noriega pushing rhymes like, wait, re Mitch, love you Clark.


Rest In peace. That's crazy. Yes. Clark, Ken started as so many people. Yes. And rest in peace Clark Rest in peace Clark. Rest in Peace. And the thing about Clark Ken is he had, he was a master of manipulation. Hmm. Lemme tell you, he made everybody think they was his best friend. Like I thought I was Clark Kent's best friend and so did every man in the world was like he knew how to make you feel like you're his best friend. That's a heart. Absolutely. Everybody thought they was his best friend. Yep. They go to a funeral and they figure out he had a thousand best friends. Everybody. He love everybody. Right. So salute Chubby baby.


Salute Chubby baby, rest Chub, rest in peace. No future without Chubby Baby. Right, Right. You know Chubby Baby Dip Set known from the Bronx. Right. There's no, yesterday's price is not today's price without Chubby Baby. Yeah. We went to the Versus Locks. Right. The locks and the Dip set. The next day, chubby Baby come to my store and we talking shit about the battle and we debating. Then I said, he said let me go home, throw on the live. I wouldn't even throw on the live start recapping the shit. Then I said, you know Jada Kiss, if you a promoter yesterday's price. Yeah. It is not, if it wasn't for the energy Right.


Of Chubby Chub baby. Right. Going at it with me the next day at the store, it wouldn't have been no yesterday's price. And we know how we turned that into some M's. Right. Into some s. Yes. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So shout out to Chubby baby, his whole family man. God bless him and everybody out there man. You know, let the people know you love them. That's the best thing I could, best, best advice I could give you Now Rest in peace to the Legends man. Make sure y'all get the album. Make sure y'all stream. The World Changed on Me. The World Changed on Me. This is FAT JOE, Joey Crack, Joseph Bad, Joseph Carter, Gina, German Talent, NY Lehigh, Columbia Watch.


It is just like that. Right.