
Hey. Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast. Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right? You see what's going on. We right here with FERG. We and his crib. We came each other. This all the art. You better go check out the most important art that new album Darryl is out right now. Stop playing game. This million dollars Mworthofgame is PRESENTED BY JackPocket.


This episode of Million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by JackPocket. Feeling lucky? Hmm. We'll get ready to try your Luck Whip JackPocket America's number one lottery app Whip JackPocket. You order Powerball and mega million tickets right on your phone. They even have official state lottery games. So you just whip your phone out. No, you ain't gotta run to that Whip, whip, whip right there on your phone. Everything right there. What we talking about? Official state lottery games right there on your phone. New customers get a free lottery ticket by using promo code GILLIE. So listen, go on there right now, get you a mega, get you a Mega Millions a Powerball ticket on me if you win. I don't wanna break down, but I do want to break down. That's all I'm telling you. And that's Code GILLIE for a free power ball or Mega Millions ticket. Don't wait. Download JACKPOCKET now for your chance to win. Big good luck. JACKPOCKET. America's number one, the lottery app. Why would you go anywhere else you wouldn't? It's JackPocket right Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope NY 18 or older 19 plus in Nebraska. 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2. Non withdrawable credit Prize amount may differ at time of drawing terms. JackPocket dot com slash tos slash free dash ticket dash promo slash


I am feeling the speeds out. Look at it. Load it up in here. Yeah. Load it up in here. Ball. It's got the Is Art got the inspiration. Oh yeah. This gonna be this going this, this crazy. Like this, like This. Love this. Inspiring. Like I like this is so inspiring. You like art. I love this. I love this. This rug. The cloud couch. I'm feeling this whole area. This is really inspiring right here. Mm. Did that. Yeah, this is inspiring right here. This rug is anything I'm feeling.


The rug, the art, the space. I like space. What's up bro? I like space. Look at the art though Man. This rug is the, who made this rug? I, this going crazy man. How you make this So you need it? Yo, this spot is really inspiring. It's real. Appreciate it. Like I could record it. I was rapping. What's up nigga? How you feeling? Yeah, album hot. You hear me? Yeah. Yeah.


Look at all this art man. Yeah, that is ridiculous right there. This Is Elle Madano speaker. You throw this. Yeah, she shot, she used to be my girlfriend. We shot a few different album covers together. She shot Kendrick's last album cover. So she did a art show. And these are some of the pieces I brought from her art show. Oh, I ain't even, I'm, I ain't even see these bags, These African bags. I got this from the African American Day parade.


Yeah. Like they went crazy. Yeah. This is another shot right here. This is a TUI Shot. Oh, that's dope. Come on man. What made you get into the art? So Chase you like this? My father was the artist. Oh you know, my father did the Bad Boy logo. He did the Uptown Cat logo for Andre Harrell. He was silk screening. Always had paint on his hands. And I think I just picked it up naturally. I just started drawing one time. He just gave me some pens and some paper to draw. He had me sitting in the car. He was in the, in the barbershop with his friends. And then from there I just started drawing all the time I went to.


So you draw real good. Yeah, I did. I did all of the artwork in my album cover. That's so like if you look at this right here, I painted this in oh three when my father passed. Yeah. And then it got the rug. We turned that into a rug. So it took them nine months to replicate and duplicate this. You could see the signature, everything that rug is made outta silk wool. It got brass in it. Yeah. Yeah. Like in Nepal. Yep. So, so man, I'm sorry to hear about the past nigga, your father. Oh Man. Cool. Three days before my 17th birthday he passed. How, how did that change your life?


How did that, you know what I'm saying? Because when you lose somebody like that, that's close to you. You know what I mean? Like I lost my son. Yeah. You know what I mean? Sorry to hear that. That's tough. Yeah. I will never be the same. Yeah, That's tough. You know what I mean? And you lost, you lost him at an age where it's like he moving around. Yeah. You watched him grow up. Yeah. 25. He's your twin too. Yeah. Yeah. So like how did that change your life? That changed my life. Because you Were 17. I was forced to figure out a lot of things on my own, like grown men things like things. I couldn't go to my mom and, you know, figure out she's, she's not a man. She, she did the best she could. Yeah. You know, and she, she did a great job, but I couldn't talk to a lot of things, you know, like growing up, like talking to my father about woman and things like that.


Like I couldn't really go to him for that. So I had to figure out like the male figures in my life. You know what I'm saying? Like T FERG, he came out at a certain time. Like he came out like right around the time I started like moving and grooving. So when he came I was able to like talk to him about certain stuff too. So that's, that's a blessing. But for the most part, I had to find like those, those male figures that, you know, stand up guys. Yeah. Either whether it was like the work relationship or you know, like mentors. Yep. Who was the one person that stepped in it that you really could say? You know, when I needed it, I, I really hollered at him.


I would have to say so. So he was one of my first managers. He was my big brother. He had businesses, like, he had denim library. He had a restaurant he helped with. He helped like blow up V loan with like Rocky and Bari. And he just knew a lot about infrastructure and running businesses and things like that. So, and he was, he was a young man as well, like, but he was older than me. Yeah. So he was like my big brother that like, taught me a lot about things. Gino Sims, who was like one of my first managers, he taught me a lot. Gave me a lot of books to read. I would have to say Swiss beats, you know, I learned a lot from Pharrell.


I learned some things from Jay Hov, but like, my stepdad, can't forget my stepdad. And a lot from my mom. Like a lot from my mom. Yeah. Yeah. For real. Who was that one person in the industry that gave you some advice that always stuck with you? Like, you know what I'm saying? Like That always stuck with me. Or I have to say Like, to this day you Like, I live by that. Like, Man, that's a, that's a combination. But who's always there I think, and who was always there for me is my boy Kirby. He's around my age, but he's like such a brainiac and always been like so far ahead.


I used to go to his college to get information, like sit down at the lunchroom and we used to like have to go like travel out and sit down. He's like the, the Yoda for like all the young. And he, he has a, a brand called Pierre Moss. Huge fashion brand. And he's just a, a great mind. So every time I need a soundboard, I'm, I'm able to bounce ideas off of him. And he always gimme some good sound advice. How much money you spent on art. Man, I, it's a lot of art. Some of it is given to me. Like a lot of it, Like I got a lot like, you know, I brought these from Elle's gallery show, you know?


Yeah. It is priceless. For real. A lot of these is really for, I painted all of these myself. Oh, these are the ones you painted? Yeah, This is like my, my single art. So if somebody wanted to purchase one of these, could they? Yeah. So I'm doing an art show for Art Basel. Oh, so you're taking these down? Yeah. I'm literally, I'm literally looking at a place right now to, to put the art in. What about this rug right here? This, this is Rico though. I wanted to explain this to y'all because this one right here, I had called Young Thug because it's like we as artists get locked up. I see the bars. Yeah. Prison bars. Exactly. You know, He identified that y'all see the bars, But We getting locked up behind our bars.


So it's like put the Rico in blood behind the bars. 'cause We getting locked up behind our bars. So this is called Young Thug, but I have to change it now because Young Thug is not locked up anymore. So what's up with this hug? This rug Right here. Look, hold on, let me give you some history on that, bro. Oh yeah. Give him, give him the history. Real. Is This picture right here? Yeah, It's a painting. I did this in oh three when my father had passed away. This is called Punk as a angel. And what's dope about it? I did it on Canvas, the punk rock. I see the guitar. The guitar. Yeah. I see the lips. Yeah, I see the, The High Hillel boot. The High Hill. Yeah. Yeah. That's like a little Jimmy Hendrix High. Okay. Jimmy Hendrix thing. Yeah. Little Mohawk. Colorful Mohawk.


The nose is on the side. The sweat. So punk, my father was like a outlier. Like he, he didn't follow like the traditional wave. Like he came from South Carolina and made his own way. Like he was painting shirts for Nicki Bonds. He got his first machines from like Alpo to print t-shirts. And he was an understudy Dapper Dan. So it wasn't traditional for you to like come out and be a artist back in the day? No, everybody was hustling and doing other stuff. He was like, yo, I'm gonna do art. And yeah, that's why I called him like, that's what a punk is. He it is like it's it is anarchy. It is against everything that y'all doing.


Like I'm going this way. I'm on that exactly. And I did this in oh three after he passed away. And then I was like, lemme turn this into a rug. My boy c Brooke Marco.


This episode of Million Dollars Mworthofgame is bought to you by DraftKings. It's the most wonderful time of the year holidays on the house at DraftKings casinos with their season offerings. Your unwrap, everything you wish for from table games and jackpots to slots at the top of everyone's list. Jingle Bell Power reels. Draft Kings is offering a warm welcome to new players with $100 instantly in casino credits with just a $10 wager. So what are you the throw below 10 William a hundred. Instantly what we talking about? That's, that's a good trade for me. I throw up 10 William a hundred instantly. Oh man, that's a great trade with just $10 wager. Plus everyone can get into action with a holiday reward every week. So sign up with code GILLIE. 'cause the holiday Cheers here only on draftings. The crown is yours. Put it on DraftKings Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario. Void where prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 30 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six. Do draftkings.com/promos.


Rug is stupid. He does like all the like big artist rugs from like Jeff Koons to like whoever you can think about how long, long it taking to do this rug. This rug, it took about nine months. It's all hand weaved. Like they create the Oh yeah. Like, oh yeah. Had to, he had to hold it up and do it. Yep. Like it's like a few people that, like they sit at a, like a, a machine and they just be doing it with they hands. They follow a map. I'm gonna show y'all what it looked like, but like, it's a duplicate, like literally like the dimensions of how high it is. Like the signature right there on the painting. Like it got silk in the, the lips to give it like a, that effect. Like you see like when I rub my hair, this silk right here, they stick up too.


Yeah, exactly. It got layers, gold silk. And right here, this is brass. So yeah, this is, I'm creating rugs outta these paintings as well. Before you, before you go into the booth, is art, is that, is that what's leading you? Like, is that what inspire you? Art when you going in there, your mind? I would have to say, I'm not thinking immediately about like visual art, but I have a vision. So I could most, more than likely, if I'm thinking about music, I'm thinking about the video, I'm thinking about the clothes. I'm thinking about how I'm gonna flex and how I'm gonna serve it because it ain't about just throwing food on the plate.


It's about how you gonna garish the plate. So that's how I'm thinking about it. How do you, how do you, how do you stay focused in a world where the machine is all always pushing and encouraging you to mimic what's happening in music and knowing that, knowing that you real about this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and, and I know you'd have been in rooms when you had conversation. They like, no fur go this way first because everybody's going this way. Why you want to, why you wanna be out? Like, why you wanna go that? So how do you deal with that and be like, man, nah, this is me. I'm standing on this, in this world where everybody is trying to emulate and try to copy and paste a sound that they think gonna work and it only work for 90 days.


That's a good question because I be having to argue a lot sometimes. But if you gotta argue too much that you got the wrong team. Yeah, yeah. Like my team, they support what I do. It's only like a little bit of like push and pull in the beginning when learning new, new partners, like when I signed to like my new management, it took us some time them learning like my footing or whatever the case may be. And you know, when you don't drop music in a minute, people forget. They forget like how much of a, a visionary you are. They don't, they, they only know you from this point. So, you know, you gotta remember I'm, I'm like the first rapper face for Tiffany's, you know what I'm saying?


I'm, I'm, I had Hennessy deals, adida deals, all of these different things like redline, bicycle deals. Yeah. I had a Revlon deal. Yeah. Once. So it's like when I come on and, and I don't have all of those things going on because I'm in work mode and, and we working to, to get the next thing out. If you get on my my a part of my team during that time and you don't see it, it's kind of like outta sight outta mind. So it's like you gotta kind of reintroduce people to who you are and what you do all over again. Which could become annoying, but it's like, it is what it is. We in a very forgetful kind of like society where like you put up a video on Instagram for a minute and then like, you might have like, went through all of this time like getting your production team together and it, it, it was, it took so much money to like shoot this little bit of content, which only lasts for about one minute on Instagram and people forget about it the next day.


You get what I'm saying? So's cool or you posted it ain't in the right algorithm. Exactly. The algorithms. And so you get a few views. So I pay attention to the algorithm stuff And all of that a little bit, but I don't try to get wrapped into it because that's not my job. That's their job. Like I got a digital team, a marketing team, branding team, let them focus on that. I'm just gonna create the art. And if y'all bust the brick down, however y'all want to do it after that. Now how do, how, how do it, like you come out and you come out music just shake the world. Like what, you know, what is that feeling like? 'cause you know, nobody, everybody see a artist, right? They see the success, they see the deals, they see that, but they never talk to the artist about, well how was that experience, man?


How did that feel for you coming from where you come from? Right. And, and you know, now you a legend in the game. But how does it feel to be able to be like, like, because I know nobody probably asked you the question. It just came out Gucci. Like how do you Yeah. How do you, how, how was that experience and how was the, the change of people, the change of life, the change of all the new experiences, how was that that for you, like a mental level? That was, that was wild. It was fun to watch something manifest from something I had amongst first started off with me because I recorded that in, in my mom crib on garage band New York, don't know how to be quiet. Let me close the window. Like I'm on garage band recording myself.


Super personal, super intimate is for me. But then like for my friends to vibe with it and they be like, yo, put that on. Like, put that on. Like, I want to hear that before we go out. And mind you, I'm a, a visual artist, a painter, a drawer. People don't even know me for making music at that time. So when I put the music out, they like, yo, you making music? Nah. I put that on and then the world resonated with it the same way we resonated with it. It, it showed me my power and it felt good. Like in the beginning it's just like, oh, I can really make movement and impact the way I always thought I could.


I would be on the phone with like Jay West, one of my good friends. We'd be talking for like hours just talking about Aura and like how when we pop out to the Harlem event we wanna shut down. And it's like, I'm like, All right, bet we did that already. By the time we start shutting all of the events down in Harlem, I'm like, we could do this to the world. And for me to actually like shut the world down and have like the hottest song multiple times to be able to stop the world and be like, world, listen, I could go to China. They may not even know how to speak English, but they like humming the words. Hum. Like they sang a song. Like it is having a whole moment out there.


It's like amazing. Yeah. 'cause it's like, you know, when I was, when you hit, I was in the cell, I was in jail. Yeah. Right. And I'm listening to it and it's just like the production level especially, what's the name? Shaba Rinks. Yes. That was my, because for for, for the young kids that don't know, he was monster. Shaba was a monster. And he, he didn't, from the way he dressed, the way he act, he just knew when he walked in the room, flashbacks And all that. No, that's my guy, man. Dance Z all in. I wasn't doing that. He lying. I wasn't doing that. He was nigga, you know what I mean? I was, you know, Oh man. 50 In having flashbacks. But, but what I'm saying is how he was dancing, this dude was a legend. Oh, League in all that dude ass Legend was legend.


Like being Was little Chick all night Motherfucker. Harder than Russian Jeopardy. He get out. He don't get No, He lying. He lying on me. I don't think the night ended. Like, I think the night ended better, but No, it's just about, yeah. The, the inspiration for the, for the production. Right. And then you hear that and then I'm listening to, you know, dead homies and I'm like, yo, it just, it just so many different levels. Right. And I like the evolution of artists. Yes. Like I like the, I'm not looking for the same thing from nobody. I don't want the same thing. 'cause I want to always see growth when I'm listening to all these artists from me growing up, listening to tribe, listen to Jungle Brothers, listen to Icet, listen to all these different art.


It's Like I need to hear something new when the album come out because you're, you're, you're, you're sharing your life experiences with us. Right. And I think a lot of times when people look at stuff they looking, I'm not looking for just to hear a sound from yesterday. I'm looking for yo what you been through. Yeah. And when you listen to the album, it's like, oh damn. He really, he really talk like, 'cause like the the dead homies was so personal to me. Just, it was a sound that evoked the emotion in me that you feel when you think about somebody to die. Yeah. And it was like the sound alone, I'm like, God. Yeah. You think about the homies, you reminiscing. It's a feeling. You want to cry, you want to, you wanna be sad, you wanna just think about yesterday, think about the moments you spent. Right. And from the album in the project, this is me listening, I'm like, yo, this boy evolved.


He's just somewhere else now. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? And I think definitely. And I think when we listen to music today, a lot of times it, it is really about when you started listening to music. 'cause if you started listening to music at a certain age and it's, and I try to not keep it a generational thing. 'cause you got young people that done went back Right. And listened to anthologies of artists. Yeah. But you wanted, you, I, you know, I I see that. I seen the growth in Jay, I seen the growth in XI seen the growth in Woo. You see the growth in different people. Right. So when I listen, I'm like, damn, this ball grew. Yeah. He just, he just in a different space. And you and you in a space where as though it's like this is not about metrics. This just about my art. Yeah. And that's what people messing up out here and we messing out.


Like I, I, me, me and Gil was talking about me and Gil was talking about Killer Mike. First week he sold like 26, 2700 albums. Nah, it's Ill what was it? Illmatic only did 60001st week classics. I think we gotta get back into listening to music and just listening to music. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And I think it's so many talking. It is so many. We we we, we we we we are listening to music based off of people opinions of music and not listening to the music. Right. And I think we get lost lost out here. Yeah. Because I'm like, yo, so I'm listening to this. I'm just like, yo, that hard man. And it's like you, you don't have everybody that's gonna write up about it because it's like the journalist now, music journalists, they're not sitting there listening to the album.


They sitting there listening to the hype. Yeah. And measure based off of metrics. And that's who get positioned more. And then the pr the PRS is just sending like summaries of the album instead them listening to the album. They they don't, they don't even listen. They don't even, they don't even they chat. TBT summary. Yeah. Huh. Send a joint. Yeah. This is what it is. You can't even break down. Yeah. When you, when you looked at, you know, even if you was a PR when you looked at the source back in the day when you looked at XXL, it broke the album. Now each song. Yeah. Different songs. What production, who did what, what made it was just different things that was happening. Right. And it's like, it don't happen like that no more first. So it's like, you know what I mean? It just, it's just different man. You wanna sit down?


No, we ain't gotta sit. We can walk around. You wanna show some more art or some shit. This episode of million Dollars Mworthofgame is bought to you by BODY ARMOR, sports Water, the alkaline water that provides real hydration, real electrolytes for real taste. Everybody's always drinking in the office around me. You know, at the studio. Everybody, you know this one thing, this is a studio favorite right here. You gotta stay hydrated to sports. Drink the Zero Sugar and even the Flash IV after a long weekend we can get, we can't get enough of BODY ARMOR to Sports Water in my opinion is the best water on the market. I've been telling y'all that for a minute. Make sure you go get yours at Walmart or local grocery store and don't forget when you are out and about.


Matter of fact, I ain't gonna lie, I'm a little thirsty right now. Let me crack this puppy needed that. When you are out and about, make sure you get you something. BODY ARMOR, sports, water. Why would you get any other water when you could get BODY ARMOR Right. Show what's going on. Show that. What's this? What's this? Right here. Alright, so you got Mike right here. Mike and Pop. I'm gonna break this down. Yeah, go ahead. Break down. I'm gonna tell you where you got some of these pictures from. You got this from American Pimp. Yep. Exactly. You got this, you got this from American Pit. You got Sugar Hill right here. That's Eugene from the practice too. They only know that was Eugene that played in a practice.


Exactly. You got this. Mike joined him and Pac, I don't know where that's from. That was at I yeah, I don know where that's from. Vegas it, I would, I would like to think it was Vegas. You got Miles? I think it was after his fight. Yeah, at the fight. All right. You got Miles right here. Miles Davis. Yep. You got that's Pac Guinness. What's name You got Patty right there? Philly. You got some stuff in here? Hold, let me see. I see you got Elijah over here. I bet you don't know who that pimp is. Who? I know you don't. Right Here. That's Bishop. No, This Pimp. That's Bishop. Yeah that is Bishop. All this is Bishop. That's young Bishop. Bishop down. That's Bishop. Oh Lord. All this. That's Bishop. You got Elijah right there?


Yeah. The 5% Nation. 5% Nation. You got, you got Rock in them right here. You got mouth. I mean you got the brothers right here, the nation. You got Muhammad. That's man from, that ain't kid. I think that's from Furious five. Yeah. One of them Grandmaster, not Grandmaster Flash. You got Aaron Hall right here? Your dad? Yep. My dad. Yep. Bobby. Bobby. Where your dad at? Right here. Right there. Yep. Po. Yeah, PO the baby. Oh hold on man. Just ice. Who this your Dad with? Just ice Was legend. This is my pops and this is this your Dad right here, right? Yeah. This is Ice. This is his best friend. Just ice legend.


This Abby. Yep. You got Bobby. That's you right here performing. So So Let's be for real man. Don't put no cap on this. Who? You get your swag from your mom's side or your dad's side? My pop's side. Oh, your pop's side. My moms know it. Yeah. Your mom's. I get, I get the business Erman from my mom and I get the out like the, the clothes and the swag from my pop until your dad was more than that. He came through Scoop, got Sharkskin suits on and the shoes and the, yeah, this is, this is when Klay used to do the the, the stripper nights, the dancing nights. Klay. Yeah. The girls used to dance for the minks piece and K Slay Man and K Slay.


Didn't I tell you when I was talking to four bats, dark-skinned brothers, we had Africa. That's how they beat. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? They don't understand that. Yeah. Got the crown right here. I see the Crown. See a, yeah. Okay. Oh shit. The Mohawks. Yeah. He's a Italian soccer player. Black Italian Onyx. Yep. Sylvester Ster came through with the, that's my little brother Deli two seven Deli. Okay. Right there with me. Yeah, it's a lot of inspiration. And this is just, this is just what inspired you just put it up. So this is like a whirl. I look at it like, so I got a, a label called Sue sounds.


So I'm just thinking about the aesthetics and the vibes we going with when it comes down to the next Projectism. Yeah. Surrealism. So like if I was like write my own book Rizza the way like you know, you know they did for 5% of the nation. Yeah. They wrote a book, you know a nation of Islam. They got a book. Book Bible is a book. Like I just think about like what would be my, my Islam. It'll be surrealism. Yeah. You guys know who, what's up with these bags? Who did them? So these is African bags that I got from African American parade. I was just walking in the streets, the whole crowd was following me after my performance. And then I seen these bags and I'm like, yo, these bags is crazy.


I'm like, you know a lot of like these high, high fashion brands and houses, they get their inspiration from Africa. Africa, yeah. They go with this state. So I'm like why, you know, go to this to Fifth Avenue. We could just go straight to to Africa to get the sauce or go to one 16 in Harlem and just grab your own stuff. Come on, look at this. If you see this and Bo take a tta, you gonna buy it. You going to buy this for like women? Yeah. Women going buy 4,000. No more than that. That's a big bag. That's gonna be, yeah it's like 9,500. Yeah you probably And it's not even leather. Yeah like these colors is crazy like the colorway. So when I look at these, I look at the patterns.


I'm like how can I remake this? How can I add my DNA into this? Put your own twist on it and make and make it mine.


Warning, tobacco smoke increases the risk of lung cancer and heart disease. Even in non-smokers. This episode of Million Odds Mworthofgame is brought to you by Swisher Sweets, Swisher Sweets, nose. You are all about the level up. And so are they with a family of brands that provide a smoke for any sesh With Swisher Sweets is more than a sesh. It's a refresh. Ignite an icon with Swisher Sweets savor, hand selected pipe tobacco with BLK. Elevate your smoking experience with legend or kick back and enjoy America's broad leave aged for two years and leave. Whether you're gathering your crew for AEs or having a smoke alone. For a moment of reflection, refresh your SES with Swisher. Sweet.


Right. My boy Beez did this. That's hard. This me and my man, quasi Casey in the gang, I love this. But she just got her stuff and it look like she got a little shot or something. She got a merchant. It look like it is a story. So this is like a wig. A wig joint, A wig exhibition that Elle had did. And I had brought like four or five pictures, like huge joints from from the gallery. She did it in milk. Stupid right here is like some of the artworks that I got that I created from the album. So this is the Blue Devil, this is the artwork for demons. This is the song with me and Denzel Curry.


And this shows the blue devil. A blue devil come to veer off the demons. They're not, it's not an actual like normal devil. Like in Trinidad we dress and mask and we put on like the blue paint and like the oil And all of that. Yeah. And it's called the Blue Devil. But it said that God sent the saint down to dressed up as a blue devil to, to veer off the demons. So this is a blue devil abstract painting right here. And this is the kundalini. And the kundalini is the symbol you see in the hospital. You see like the two sns going up the pole. Yeah. So this is the male and a female energy which symbolizes balance.


And then you see the wings and the halo for enlightenment. So you see the sun rays going crazy. And I think that they use that symbol in a hospital because it's like they, they, they come to revive you. They come to give you life and when you, when you hit your your Kundalini, they say like you are your most enlightened or like you at your Christ consciousness. So that's Kundalini. This right here is the first they thought I was dead piece they thought, I don't know if it's finished yet, but I basically did the anatomy where it's like I'm showing like the different chakras, three dimensional me, that's like us in the flesh.


And then this is four dimensional and then this is fifth dimensional, which is like the spirit. This was inspired by the movie, everything everywhere all at once. So yeah. That's crazy. I used to say that when I was in jail because bull came through this came to jail, I knew right. And I ain't seen him in years. Yeah. So he like, yo man, my sister wanna talk to you man. So I just get on the phone. She said Wow. Oh my God I thought you was dead. I said, what? She told me that on the phone prison. I'm like, what? She said, I ain't seen you, you since man like a shit load of years. I thought you was. And I said, and I used to be walking around saying man they thought I was dead man.


Because I'm talking about they used to always because, and it's that but it's also the form of when you in prison people forget you like you dead. Right. It's like that too. You know what I mean? And sometimes like even in music, they think you dead because you ain't got 20 joints. Right. 20 of them. Even in music, they'd think you dead. 'cause they like, oh man you ain't putting nothing out. People count you out. Yeah. I think the term go into you just people just counting me out. You thought I was dead. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. So that's a deep, that's a deep joint. So then this right here, I'm gonna show y'all one more. This is a A piece right here and I gotta do like more work on it, but Got it. It is one. Yeah this is one.


It's a, that's what you call a dick. It's like two pieces. Can you figure out what's going on in there? It look like he pouring some lick out. That's the wack pouring the W out. Pour the walk the credit. The amax over here. Yep. The condom over here. The green condom. Yeah, you peeped that. It's S right here. She got them cheeks bust open. So it's the stripper pole right here. He pulling the W out. You see a skull right there on the bottom. So basically this is the strip club. It's a strip club. It's like a scene from a strip club. So you know, music videos change. It's a little different now. So like, I'm like how can we make this thing interesting and I could activate my music.


I'm like, I'm gonna paint the music videos on Canvas. So I was like, this is called the Law. That's the the song I got with Future. So this is the art artwork Lord the shit. Yeah. Yeah. But what I'm showing on the canvas is actually a scene from the song Demons where I say I see demons everywhere. Demons from the pain, demons in my cup, demons in my brain, demons in the food demons with the fame representing the light right there. Demons in the sun, demons in the rain. She on demon time. She got the demon head. She don't need the vibe. She know I got a girl. She don't even mind. I don't got a condom. I don't need to find demon in my mind. And you And you dropped that on and you flex. Exactly. Yeah. No beat.


No beat.


This episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by Duke CANNON. Look at this. Look. Look at this. Look. Look at the varieties. Look. Lemme just show you the varieties first. Oh man. What are we talking about? Maybe you seen Duke Canon products in Target Walmart or your local hardware store. If not, let me introduce you. Duke Canon makes a variety of men's grooming goods. Big bricks of soap, thick body wash, beer care stuff, colognes and hair wash. They also donate money to veterans causes each year through the Duke Canon's veteran fund. Simply put, they give a and their products work hard and smell terrific. Most of the year I'm a saw two thick body wash guy. Then in the fall I like the Buffalo trade soups. But during the holiday season, which is pretty much here, I put the big of cold soap on my wishlist is a holiday classic like die hard shop now at duke CANNON dot com. Amazon and Target or Walmart. They're everywhere. Like broken glass go forth and save 20% on soap bundles and gift sets. The product, the packaging. You won't find better gifts for men on your list this year. 20% off right now. What'll we talking about Du CANNON. Get it right.


First time we've seen that on Flex. Yep. That's real though. Then right here we got like the collection. I was just playing around with some looks. This is the vent and leathers right here that we got. They was yellow. They they was, they was loving the they yellow. I think you had the yellow vest that you put up. Yeah, I got a yellow. Yellow jacket. No. Was it the vest too? Nah, I have vest too. These are the vest right here. No, but was one of 'em yellow Uhuh? No, it was a yellow jacket that they liked the most in the comments. Yeah, this one. Yeah, this one. We got the blue joint right here. So we doing like cut and sew.


I just relaunched my father's brand. FERG Apparel. We got the website, FERG apparel.com. He started the brand in 1994. He had the store 145th between seventh and eighth. Everybody and they grandmas used to pull up, get clothes, got the t-shirts for the girls, little baby dolls, vibes. You know what I'm saying? 54. So like, this is like me in a pandemic. This is like all like material lies. Like when I was sitting down in a pandemic, I was like yo, I gotta really dive back into my artwork.


Yeah. I gotta dive back into just who Darryl is. And that's what this album is about. It's about tapping back into like what makes me me. It's not just a rapper. Like I'm a designer. I went to art and design high school. I majored in fashion and fine arts. I took a sewing class, I took an architectural class. I'm thinking like I'm gonna be the first Virgil. Like, I'm like, yeah, talking at all. Before I could see a Virgil, I'm like, yo, I'm gonna be the first straight man black at a big house, fashion house, fashion house doing you know, clothes and dresses and you know. But then when I seen Virgil do it, it just to see how he materialized it. And I'm still young and thriving and I'm like, oh this is the mechanics.


I'm able to go to Paris and walk up in LVMH and see how the infrastructure is laid out and everything like that. Like, so it was super inspiring. That's major. That's Major. Alright, we gonna go into the dining room. This shit laid out, lay it out. Never played out. We gonna move to some of this stuff. Lay this out. I ain't, I ain't got no stuff up. Got the cover right here. Lemme put the cover. You see the cover right there? Let put the cover up real quick. Supposed to have that thing up. Wow. Oh, why was that the cover? Explain that. Because this is me. This is the kid.


This is the, this is the first time I did like a, a self portrait of myself. And I just thought that like, you know what, I deserve to be my cover and I deserve to paint my cover. Yeah. It just, it is just me. It's just me. I couldn't, I couldn't see nothing else being the cover. Why with the hands on the face like this? Yeah, I subconsciously, I don't even know why I did that. But when I look at it and that, and that's what's dope about abstract is like you don't really know. Like you just kind of letting your soul take you where it's going to take you.


But I didn't do no mouth. I didn't do no nose. I'm not listening. I'm just here. I'm just present. I got my eyes. That's like the only sense. So I was like maybe like talking less, listening less, keeping my eyes open, but listening to the voice of God because you don't need ears to listen to the voice of God. So I probably got my ears covered for that reason. Listen, This right here is being in Liberia. I had one out there. I put uniforms on kids.


I was a part of a program called Uniform where like we sold clothes in Bloomingdale's. Like I had Trap Lord Merch. We sold clothes in Bloomingdale's and the proceeds went to putting uniforms on kids. And I told 'em the only way I'd be a part of the program is if I seen like the actual kids and, and went out there and seen the operation and they took me to Liberia. That's another picture right there. Me in Liberia. What's your favorite song on the album? My favorite song on the album would have to be Off Rip. I'm gonna say Pool. Why Pool?


Because it took me eight years to write that song. And I feel like it's something that more men should talk about more. More men need to, to feel like they have somebody that also went through things that they might, may have went through. I feel like it's a, it is just a, it's a good talking point for our community. You know, it's, it is a few different artists that that touch bases on the topic of molestation And all of that stuff like that. But I, I feel like I'm like the perfect person to do it because like FERG is cool.


FERG is always smiling. FERG is always happy. So like for this album, I wanted to be as vulnerable as possible to show people that I was actually human. So that's why I thought that would be like my favorite today. But tomorrow might be something different. Tell what do you listen to? Who do you listen to? Like when you just zoning out? Oh, I'm listening to like a lot of, I was listening to Luther this morning. I listening to like Patti LaBelle. I'm listening to, I'm listening to Tyler Creator's album. Crazy Doci. I'm listening to crazy. I'm listening to, wait, lemme pull out the iPhone real quick. Who am I listening to? Oh, I'm listening to Johnna.


I'm listening to Groove Theory. I'm listening to damn damn Johnna Groove Theory. Yeah. Crazy. You took it back nineties. Yeah. I'm listening to Wu-Tang. You listen to Digable Planet. I listened to them a few times. What about Camp Low? I gotta tap in, tap into Camp Low Camp low Woo. Camp loose. This is it. What? Uc. Uc fall in from this Ghana. Let's get Rich. What? Tap. Tap into that camp. Low tap into that Boogie Monsters. See I don't know them niggas I can put you. Yeah they send that Boogie Monsters Honey Dipping Gotham Honey Dips and Gotham. You prob you might've heard of it but tap into that man. That that but that, that, that, that camp Low Boogie Monsters.


I never heard of it. You heard of they joint? They had the joint called Honey Dip. Honey Dips and Costume. You got them. You know, you might don't know about that. It's early nineties And all of stuff. You never go wrong with Black Moon. Mm Yeah, black Moon, you never go wrong with what Black Moon saying. Who got the props welcome down. What Black Moon saying? Oh, who Got the prop? Who got the prop welcome down? Dumb. How The original gun clapper downtown, the original, all that stuff. Yeah. You gotta understand Dunk. I ain't had cable growing up so I never seen no videos. So I don't know who, none of Them. I had the tapes 'cause of Steve. I had all the Tapes, you know what I mean? All the tapes. But if you be like, say they best song, then I'll be like, okay, I heard that before, Like I heard who got the problem. Yeah. Like you, you were Like I thought that was Diamond D.


No, no. Diamond D got props like a cop. He got that song. You hearing that Prop Diamond D got props like a cop on the song? No, they said who got the props too? Who got the props? Diamond D No, no, CBZA buck shot. That's not what No, but that's not, that's not Diamond D though. That's two different people. Black Moon and Diamond D is two different people digging in the Crates crew. That's two different people. But that was the song. No, I'm saying I'm something like that, but that's not it. Oh. You know what I mean? But yeah man, it's just like, you know I'm a hip hop historian man. Chill. See how that ass nigga going brush me out? Yeah. It ain't like, All right Man, you messing. I want the Rx you, I wanted to always ask you like, when did you know it was like a turning point for you to like get into the whole podcast world?


Like coming from being a rapper? Me and like you used to. That's my artist. You used to be giving it up. Like I, I see what I did was I just was giving game to the youth. Okay. You know what I'm saying? I started that like in 2012. Some shit around there. Yeah. You know what I mean? Back when Instagram mony had 15 seconds. Yeah. You know what I mean? And I would have to rush the game out. Right. Let me give you a million dollars worth a game real quick to all the young niggas out there. Stop chasing, just chase money. 'cause when you got money just chase you. Right? Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? That's right. So then when they changed it to a minute, I was really able to drop the game. You feel what I'm saying?


And people always used to say, you need a podcast. We ain't know what the was. I didn't know what the podcast was. That was early as hell I think. Yeah. That early. The only podcast I knew about was Combat Who Combat Jack? Nah, I just knew about Nore Joint. Yeah. You had text on tax tone. You knew about tax. You knew about Tax. Yeah. But I didn't even know what a podcast was then. Tax Home had me on this podcast, but I still wasn't really, and then he sent me an article one day that said Spotify allocates 421 million to podcasts in the first three months of the year. What?


And I was like, what? How you found that information? I read all the time. I'm, I'm a vicious, I'm always on the MacBook reading articles, looking at stuff and doing research. I'm vicious research. I love research. Would you always like this? Like, like even before you got locked up? Yeah. Like me and Gil always had different parts of play back in the day when Gil really started to really get in the rap. I was always administrative. Like that's my love. I love to do research. I love to, I love to do the stuff that, let me take the logo. Let's go get the shirt printed up. Let's get the stickers, let's do that. That, that's always me. I enjoy that. Yeah. I, and it was like, like me and him when it comes to information and stuff, it's like I'll bring it to him like, yo cousin, check this out.


Look at this. Right. We need to be on this. Yeah. You know what I mean? Because we, we got different parts that we play. Right. And I think a lot of times people don't know how to be play that part. I think everybody just want to be, I didn need bro. Somebody, they gotta somebody, you know, if you look at the woo, everybody got different parts to play. Right. And sometimes people don't have another person. Right. Like some of you gotta rock by yourself. We we thankful to have each other. Yeah. Industry is so crazy. Yeah. You got, you know, and I think that's what it's about. But, but


Number one, This episode a million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by ROMAN Sparks dual action. Prescription treatment. They give men strong and harder erections. Sparks is not no average pill. They dissolve under your tongue and work in less than 15 minutes. So you're like this dissolvable hit the bloodstream faster than the old school pills. So why wouldn't you use Rose Sparks? One thing about Rose Sparks, it's gonna have you like this da faster than you ever been. And one thing about Rose Spark is active in your system for 36 hours. So at any minute, if you want to be the strongest man alive you can be. 'cause you're gonna be like this. Ah, you don't have to stay hard the whole time, but when you're ready, he's ready. Well, RO SPARKS, you guys will move confident in the bedroom. You'll be the magic man. She be duby row sparks. What Are you waiting for? Get yours. I been had mines Ro connects guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online. So you don't have to waste time in waiting rooms if approved treatment will be shipped directly to your door. If prescribes new sexual health patients $15 off on a recurring plan, Connect with a provider at RO dot com slash md wog, that's ro.com MD wog $15 off your first order. What are you waiting for? Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law, but are not FDA approved For full safety information go to r.co/ safetyinfo.


We real family number two is no jealousy involved. None. Right. Number three, we make the same amount of money. So it ain't no problem. Number four, it's, it's no big highs. And little you views, it's no ego. We check each other if necessary. Yeah. Right. If I, if if I need to be checked, he gonna say something. If he need to be checked, I'm gonna say something and checking is nothing but a form of correction. That's all it is. I'd say tell rappers all the time, bro, if you ain't got a nigga around you, They can check you. They can check you, you're done. And I think, and I think what happened a lot of times with groups, one thing that we, that's different with us.


I think what hap I think, I think it's always better in groups because you got different outlooks. But I also think what happened a lot of times in groups is that groups allow the outside people to tear apart. Yeah. Because you got people in their ears. Can't nobody get in my ear by him. Can't nobody get in his ear about me. Right. We gotta come to the table with this because it's All right. But I think when you got groups a lot of times that's why a lot of fall offs happen. It don't even be about the, the the, the two people or the people that's in groups don't have a problem. It be the outsiders that had the problems. Get in they ear. They get in they ear. Yo man, you should be doing this man. Yo, you should have been on that verse. Yo, you bigger than them yo, you hotter than him.


Yeah. Yo man, why you ain't got a new chain? I Think about, I think you outgrown. I think you outgrowing Gil. Yeah. Yo, Do y'all get in of that? Nah, I see. My couldn't even come to me like that. No, I mean y'all super grown Too. Yeah. Because at the end of the day, it's like my already gonna know, like that nigga gonna snap out like He gonna snap. But not just that, you gotta understand this, but the chemistry that we got is unmatched. We the reason why the machines grow. Right. Anything that we got going on outside of any of these shit is because of this. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? And I just think, I think we older. Yeah. So it's a little difficult for, it is a little different for us because we owe it and, and we ain't one of them people that's running around with the entourages.


Yeah. You see how we pulled up, right? Yeah. That's how we always, that's how we, And and you gotta be secure see a lot of times, right. The the problem a lot of times is that when it's a group, the rappers can't be real with themselves. Nope. Right. You gotta be able to sit, look yourself in the mirror and say, I'm the third best rapper in the group, man. Yeah. You gotta know who you are. Yeah. And then it's me. Right. So, okay, let's make this easy. Yep. Okay. We get 80,000 tonight as a group. Right. Okay. You get 30, you get 30. Us two get 15.


Yeah. S don't want to do that. Do that can only play Your position. So now you make a fucker say that's bringing way more weight and holding way more weight for like, man, I ain't gonna keep bringing this money down with you man. When I come out they screaming louder for me than you. So how we gonna get paid the same thing? Right. They scream louder for LeBron than they do for the, that's coming off the bench six man. That's why he get paid more. Right. But see a lot of groups ain't able to distinguish that. Yeah. So like, no, we came in this together. I want the same as you bro. You don't hold the same value as me. Right. You Don, you want, listen, I I and it's not no what's name, but like on a album, bro, out of the 15 songs, you are only on two of 'em or three of 'em.


Right. How you like, so like, like we know the difference when we, and there's no and there's nothing. Shout out to the legends. We know the difference when we look at everybody in Wutang. Yeah. We know the difference when we look at people in NWA in different groups, there's a difference. Right. Some people will strong and it and that's cool, but everybody got afforded the opportunity to get out to take care of their family. Right. Is that the goal? Like the goal is, okay, I might not made millions this year, but I made two, 300,000. I can take care of my family just from being affiliated and I can keep moving. Right. I might not get signed the same because that's how it was. It'd be a group of artists and by them coming together and blowing together, everybody had a single solo deal somewhere.


That was how every different labels, that was a joint and that was a come Up. But even in that right, you had a group, you go over here, such and such got more money than one such and such when he One over there. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. 'cause his value was more right than such, such one over there. He got more money than such and such that went over there because his value was more. Right. So a lot of times you can't even, we can't even get the older groups to come out and go on tours and because it's beef behind the scene about this money. Right. Yeah. It's like, no, they giving us 200 a night. We know right from the gate such and such gotta get 70 in it. No, I don't wanna get, I don What man, I ain't with the, I'm only getting 50.


But you, you're not getting nothing right now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're not getting nothing right now. But I don't wanna Share a bus. So they want Right. Cool. I supposed to have my own. No, no, no, no. The set time too. I need to do my, I need a half an hour, hour set. You got three songs, man. Look. So now you got this. Instead of being grown men and saying, man, listen, I already had my time in the shine, son already got all my sucks from the back. I ain't getting no more. Sucks from the back, man. I'm, I'm, I'm 54 man. Yeah, come on. What y'all got for me? Y'all got 6,500 tonight. Bet. How many shows is, how many shows is it? 32 shows Y'all paying for town travel Bet.


Listen, I don't even give a fuck how long y'all say I'm performing. Yeah, it don't even matter. Y'all have to tell me I ain't performing tonight. Listen, I'm back though. As long as my check come, I'm back. Listen, that's 6,000 something a night. Plus the free hotel in the travel. Don't be Like I But what he getting? You getting the deal. What he getting? Don't know how to play that role. That's why a lot of times we can't get what we need to get. You a lot of wanna see these old go on tours and Yep. Because we grew up off the Yeah, yeah, yeah. We can't get that man nigga beefing, man Super beefing and be wild. Yeah.


My whole thing be like, man let's get to the back. Like what's the beef about? What's the, let's get this money. But like you said, like you know everybody's just, they think different. They handle fame different. And fame is something. Well because your Generation was different bro. You know how many times call us 'cause they know we know everybody. Yo man, I'm trying to get such and such man. Can y'all get us to him? Yeah man. What type of budget you got man? I can do one 20. All right. Hold on. Yo man, we got somebody trying to book you in. Yeah. They got a buck 20 for you man right now, man.


I'm charge one 70. Man. Go get that bread. So You gonna turn down a buck 20 about a extra 50. That that right? Like Yeah, they turned out they was getting real y'all. Y'all always getting as Y'all, your generation s turn that astro like wait bro, this man want to give you one 20 to pull up some. We drink liquor, spill liquor on S pick out what holes you leaving with tonight. And you said no It actually was 1 25 because One 20. Think about that. And this is, this is multiple.


I'm talking, motherfuckers be like, you call back yo man, he said they could get up to 180. Man, I man I charged two 50. He like what? Like nigga Something for something that you would love doing anyway. Right. For something that you was doing broke, hoping that one day somebody would pay you for it. Right. And these and these opportunities is, is not guaranteed. It's not guaranteed. But we guaranteed we start getting entitled like, yo I'm hot, I deserve this. You could, you could go take that 1 25, go buy a couple houses Bro. Let me tell you something. Flip it. Do you think we don't know Now we understand if you Like I charged one 50 and came with 50.


Yeah man, disrespectful, disrespecting my man. Straight disrespectful. Well what giving you a hundred and something thousand dollars to pull up and sink your shit. Three songs that you gonna sing during the day when you in the house walking around, you be singing your own, you in the car rapping your own. My whole thing is even if you didn't want to do it, you like, you know what, let me go get this buck 20 real quick. Right. So I can knock a few of the out the way real quick. Get right. I ain't, come on, let's go. All right. After that 30 30 he go 30 my team Boy Y'all cool. Here go 30 man, y'all cool.


The niggas like, oh man, nigga 20. And and then we'll make GI so up his, that FERG, during his career, the most he ever got paid was 3,700. He was a bum rapper. 3,700. Yo we got 37. That's cool day. That's travel. That's your hotel. Everything. 3,700. He like, bro I can't get it. Wait, I'm coming right now. But you gotta get here. You gotta get to Milwaukee. Hey 3,700, You fucking, That was the most you got for his show. 3,700. That was cool. That was all in 37. You gotta, That was all in. You gotta get here then we, you know, we get you back. Then you Gotta get the more You get you back.


That's your hotel. That's all in C Crazy. Man. That The most, you hilarious Us out in the middle of the conversation. No, that's why you was tripping about the 1 25. Like man, I was getting 37. Told he was Like I was getting 3,700 at my height. I said they was killing you. They was killing you. You was like, you was, you was rapping in the eighties. 3,700 was like 37,000 back then. But you was getting that in the 2000, 2000. Don't you believe that shit. 2000, 2008. You get 3,700 at your height. That ain't, that ain't even no walkthrough money. That ain't even no walkthrough money. You get 37 yo. We got what's the budget?


The budget? 4,000. Oh we can book Gil for 3,700. They book you 3,700. You coming through, you tear the stage up, you sweating. Hey nigga you do 15 songs man you waiting for that movie. 3,700 you talking about you go I'm gonna turn this joint out. Crazy. And, and and they put you on the stage. You warming the crowd up. You the one that when soon, soon as they open the front door for the arena to get filled up, you go. They got you up on there. You get Gil man you, you a 3,700 killer. He 3,700 killer. He 3,700. He come through, he like the house.


DJ Re The house DJ get like 10 especially at a big event. He call Gil come on, call Gil. He going walk the crowd. He Going, he going get busy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Y'all ready for me. He one of the boys. Yeah. When I say yo, y'all say ho Yo. Hey you all that dumb wave your hands in the air. It wave. They got you, you all did DJing. It is like, it is like 27 people in the crowd. He just got, he like this 3,700 I needed This. He was gone right now.


Save me. He like this saved me. You was on life support. They hit you. But, but, but then you get mad at then this show they told you what the joint the, the 30 day weight joint. What'd they call 'em? The net 30? The net 30 You the net 30. You out there ready to fight. What? I'm gonna jail tonight. I'm going to jail. They said we see you in net 30. So you got out there and you ain't had no way back. 3,700. They net 30. You, you, you ready to fight the police now More? Man, I'm out this joint stupid as 3,700 man yo man.


He said 37. He ain't even say 4,000. He said 3,700. 3,700. That's his joint. That's his height. Nigga got made his bitch crying man. Talking about 3,700. You gotta get to Milwaukee. Nah, the money is definitely Different nowadays. That shit different. Man. That's, listen is stupid. Send jets like I'm talking about you got people and they booking, they got jets attached to a certain artist. Yeah you gotta, you gotta send a jet. Damn Man. 21 savage jet Part. That part of the writer. Yeah. Get that Jet certain type. Put the, put the jet on the writer with the chicken Wings. What you get? You getting the wings, you getting the Chinese food. You know what I, what's impressive about you though?


You really doing on some real meat. You got your house? Yeah you out the way you Got your cars Out the way. A bunch of you into art. You're on your own world man. You out the way. Yeah. Go to New York when you Need to. Yeah, watch projector TV bro. You know what I mean. Paid for listen, you know what I mean? In the game ain't got houses man. I'm already knowing. No, I'm talking about, I'm talking no health insurance. No health insurance, no houses living in apartments and hotels. You got boys living in hotels. Yeah. You know hotels got residence too. Yeah. Let me get the room. I'm gonna give you a deal. What you want for a year? Yeah. Give us you. You could have bought a house.


Yeah, that's a fact. Especially if you're doing it in the big city. LA Miami. Yeah. Real talk. So I commend you man. You know what, I appreciate that. No but man shout out to you man. Much success on the album. Continue to keep growing. Continue your art snapping out, you know what I mean? Just keep going. Yeah. And I appreciate y'all, y'all been here since day one. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You was doing this for free? Yeah, over the phone. We on got. Yep. I'm like we don't get, I'm like yo, we on he man we out here. We just kicking it. That Motherfucker you could tell he just got laying around. Elliot Ninja Turtle He got in here. Vicious pig cowboy boots. 4,000 and shit Ones.


Oh those. Yeah. Wait, wait, Which ones them UNC boots. Oh yeah those is UNC boots right there. You know what I mean? Armstrong? Yeah like credible Hawk. Unc looked like he do 2000 pushups and Was holding, holding the the yard down in the jail. He was a yard warrior. Yo t you said you was gonna pull up Be like this. What's up nigga? He was a yard warrior. O was on some Choke out. You Almost incredible hawk shit. This Oak right here look Like this. He got the small Crocs on too right now. Hey listen, hey listen. Pull up. Pull up. Oak walked like he hurt the ground like the ground crack. It wasn't a weight in jail.


He ain't like he ain't see a weight in jail. He ain't like he, it ain't look like he just finished doing some pushups too. I told you you dude you do 2000 for breakfast. Get breakfast For breakfast. Lemme do two stacks huh? Yeah man, I ain't no workout ball man. I just played basketball man. I'm about to hit No We wait for that phone to ring for them bookings. 3,700. That 3,700 it it hit. You can do a lot with that. 3,700 dollars worth a game booking for 37 7. You can book no you get for rap. No lemme dollars worth a game for his rap. Lemme just tell you something. He do. He gonna do hour songs. Lemme just take something.


You know how many right now? Wish they had 10 bookings this month for 3,700. Oh man that's 37 bands. That's You Talking. That is life changing. That changing the world. Fuck you talking about. 3,700. It's some old rappers back in the day. That's legends that never got 3,700. Yeah no you right. Was getting eight 50. No 'cause back then, you know what's so crazy back then Like I did you they was sending them on fake promo tours. No promo tour Like I did. You? No, I sent him on the promo tour around Philly. No, you gotta do the block party did. I'm getting a little $150 Do that block party. 'cause this a promo. This gonna hike up. Go do this bar. I got even bars on his joint. The fact is he referred me looking at you like he believed that.


That's what be so funny. You Remember why had you perform in that bar Though? Don't believe that shit. I Don't believe I don believe him had you performing in the bar joint. He like man what's this promo go it it is a radio run doing interviews in the back of bars And all type of man. Crazy. I know, I know. You, you, you give it up on that rap. For Real. He won all the jail talent shoes. Man. I was hot though. We used to rap in the yard. Actually on the table. I did. All right. And Psyche told me about the Ook. You Nah, ain't nobody never get out on me. Come On dog. He got out. I call Sife right now. You call him and never in jail did anybody get out on me on rap. I was annihilating my in the yard. I was hot man. I told you man. Yeah, you was always artistic with the fits And all of that.


Yeah, always me and him man. We always got dressed back in the day. We was always doing our thing and like putting things together like you know we was wearing all that. JPG, John Paul go 95, 94 Mesino that we was them Dude. Versace, we seen you popping out. Yeah. Breakers bro. You gotta understand bro. We had an article that came out in 1990, I think it was eight or 99, about major figures. And they said we rap about Gucci, Louis Vuitton. Yep. Back then it was in the XXL bro. This document, I was the first with a throwback jersey on in any video Word.


Yeah. That's us. Yeah, that's us video. If you go back to yeah that's us. And you see that they had all the Jersey on the first three do back jerseys that was ever made. We had 'em on because it came to Ver and Magic. Mm. Soon as they got to Philly they called me O GILLIE. We got these jerseys down here. I'm like why don't I want a jersey? They throw back jerseys. What's That? Why would I want a jersey? What's that? That's the new thing. They just came out GILLIE. That's why we calling you. I don't want no jerseys. Oh they four. Oh they wa oh hold on, let me see. Season a Jersey four Wat 4 75 And all that. Wait, hold on. Got right there. Oh yeah, we need these. Come on. Yeah. You see what I'm saying?


Yeah. Yeah. So it came on. Yeah, that's us. It was crazy. I didn't do that before. It was 1999. Man didn didn't do that before us. When you did the deal with cash money. Yeah. When was that in your career? 2001. 2001. And how long you assigned with them To 2004. To 2004? Yeah. Short stint. Three, three Years. Yeah. But see when you sign the cash money, it is never a short stint. Okay. Because they never home. They always on 12 bus. Yeah. So. 'cause they don't catch planes nowhere. So if they gotta go from New York to Cali and we on a tour bus, then we gotta get to Cali.


They got Lee and go to New Orleans. Then we on a So yo what was The reason for that? They just like, they Was scared to fly A word. Yeah. Wow. I know Ma had a nice cream, low rugs up and down his joint. Yeah. Yeah. They were scared to fly back then, so they never flew. We always just took a tour bus. So say if we had to owe the BET awards is this week, we had to leave like two days in a advance to, That's crazy. And who found you? Was it Birdman or was it Wayne? Me Bird. Birdman. I, I, I'm the founder here. I'm, I'm the one that put him in the studio. The first person that put him in the studio. Oh you was You talking I discovered you First of all, I was hot.


I Discovered I only had one rat, but he ain't know I had a rat better than my one rap. Mm. Because I wasn't no rapper. Yeah. I just, we just, I just did that playing around one time. Right. My one rat was better than any he ever knew. Wow. So he used to set me up. Come on coach. Drive up here. We get up here. I don't know what we do. We jump out. He say my cousin like that. He only got one rap. Now how that sound Rap. I used to be like rap. Imagine how that sound. He pull up on you. You rap. I told you I was. And he tell rap you he rap. Rap. You rap. Y'all been rapping. Y'all been known Cys again. And he pull up and say, my cousin, he only got one rap. Right. Yeah.


Imagine how that sound to you. One rap. Like what? But then I say this rap and that he introduced me to then out of his thousand raps, he didn't have one rap that could with that. Did you start off battle rapping first? No, I just started off just talking that I knew robbing, wearing them clothes, the cars, the jewelry. That's all I knew. I didn't go through the, the rap phases. I didn't go through the bum ty bum bum ho And all that. Oh. Now rap is his backpack. Yeah. Oh, I beat you with a bat all that time.


I didn't go through none of that. I wanted to be Michael Jordan. Yeah. Isaiah Thomas. Right. I ain't wanna be no rapper. And that was a, a curse against me. Mm. In what way? I'm coming right off the streets from robbing Bank. You gotta understand we are wearing, I could pull up a photo right now. It was 1996. I got a bottle of champagne in my hand with a Mesino sweater on. Mm. While it was the first that I ever knew that wore, that had something about Versace. How did the Versace bomber on Versace bomb on leather Bomber? On See that flick? You had the flick. I don't know. It's spice somewhere. A leather Versace bomber on. I don't know how much that was. Cole.


See we was buying Versace when he was alive. His name was Gianni. Versace Versa. Right. See these motherfuckers just know Versace. Now I remember when he actually got killed at the, at his crib. That was right down the streets from the Tides hotel that I stayed at that, that I'm rapping about back then. So when I got around rappers and we doing deals with rappers, I'm not no rapper. Yeah. So when we get out, I'm like man, this corny as shit. Like that's how I'm looking at niggas. Like I always looked at rappers corny. Huh? Always looked at rappers corny. You feel what I'm saying? I Didn't want be a rapper. It is A difference. It's a difference from that's coming in. Like, yo, that's such and such.


I seen this video. You feel this, This is back in the nineties. That's a Sino shirt right here. The cloud shirt. That's Listen that got that, that was called, that was a sino forever. In the back of it she had the decant wire. That's the decant wide body shoot on, she had the decant y was coming across the, the joint. The this is in Philly? Yeah, this is in Philly. Decant y was coming across there. You can't see it because it, it is the three. Yeah man, we was, I was killing it like that Young fly man. So, But nobody was wearing musk skin on. Not like that. That was different Bro. We, it, it was a store called Missouri's. And, and that's, that's what had it in it. So only the hustling that was really getting money was wearing that.


Right. You feel what I'm saying? But they older than us. Yeah. We young Wallo probably 15 in that picture. Yeah. Like it was Like, I look young. Like, like it was about, it was about, You feel what I'm saying? You know, it was about, it's cool to be fly, but then at a certain age you be prioritizing. 'cause you know, coming outta prison, I'm prioritizing getting in position. Yeah. That's, that's my flyness. Yeah. Fly at that moment is, and then when I get in position, I can put that on when necessary. But I gotta get myself a position to take care of these babies. My, my brother kids, my mom, grandma. Yeah. So that's how you think. But it's like, when it comes to that, I believe style is, style is in you, not on you. Right. And, and, and, and, and, and, and, and Fly is not what you see.


Fly is who you be. Because what happened is a lot of people talking about they fly and I just be looking, you know, and they, you're not fly. You got a stylist. Yeah. Who told you you fly. You gotta, you got money, you got a stylist. You don't know how to dress. Somebody Else dress you Like, what's your aesthetic? Yeah. Yeah. Like, and and it's, and it's, and it is about an in independent approach about what you feeling. Whatever you wear is your style. Right. You But a lot of people not bold, so they stay safe and they look on Instagram and they mimic other people's shit. Right. So it's just wild, you know? Absolutely. It just wild. But Listen man, we appreciate you having us at the crib, man. Man, sir Man. Appreciate you. Yes sir. We, we, you know, congrats on the book too. Yeah. Thank you bro. New Yorktown bestseller. Yes. The album is out. Go get it. My favorite song, Darryl, it is Dead Homies.


Yes. And Allure. Yeah. All I love Allure. I love that dream with Coco Jones. French tips. French Tips. Yeah. Hip hop Man With Mary J. 'cause I was surprised you had Mary on that Fucker. Yeah, I got Mary on there twice. Curry. Dang. He got a bunch of people on there casting spells. Yeah. He got, he got Dapper Dan on this. You got a lot of heavy hitters on that OG from the, you know, so it's like you doing your thing, but much love to you. Continue, keep on, keep traveling the world. Keep creating, keep meeting new people. Keep putting dope art out the fuck you want because we ain't gonna be here forever. Right. That's a fact. You got one shot at this. Keep talking to the youth man. I'm going to like y'all. The only ones that really, I really be seeing things manifest like, you know, with interviews that y'all have with these, these different artists.


And I just love what y'all do. Like I just seen y'all spoke to Kodak, you know, y'all spoke to Thug before he went in. Now he back out. Right. You know, praise goes out to Dirk and his family and you know, that whole thing. Yes. Like it's just, it's just sad to see our It's a sad, it's sad all around the world because we be so successful and it's like we already affected by incarceration. 'cause all our family members like, look, UNC was in the joint. Yeah. You know, Dirk dad was in the joint, you know what I mean? So it's always, well not my pops I say, I say was in the joint. Yeah. So Dirk dad, I said, oh, Dirk dad. Yeah. Yeah. So it's like we go through all this, our people always like, it's always affecting us the worst. You know what I mean? So it's just like blessings the area.


Yeah. Everybody on both sides. Sides. Both sides is effective. Yeah. Yeah. All of the beef And all that shit. Everybody. Yeah. It is just, you know, I, I like to see that you guys, like, y'all actually make it a, a, a positive reach to like talk to us and, and keep, keep us on game Because we was y'all bro. You feel what I'm saying? I was NBA young boy. I was Kodak black, I was the SI was young. Wow. Don't give a fuck. So it's like sometimes we just need to be reminded that, bro, you special now. Yeah. Now God chose you. Right. Oh, We gotta choose Now.


You, you could go ahead and play with the, if you wouldn't, but you starting to forget that you special. Right. Because when you think about all of you grew with, how many of them s got what you got going on? Right. So let's not take it outta context bro. You special you, you going, you going to be special out here and then let some drug you up. Come on man. You, you a soldier. For real. We come from nothing. How you come from nothing. You build up to something but then you going to let drum fuck you up, man. So sometimes we just need to be reminded.


You feel what I'm saying? For Sure. Like, so when you sitting there by yourself, when everybody else around, when you in your bedroom by yourself, you, you going to think about what said you gonna act how you wanna act, do what you want. He don't want No this blessing is from God even and dickheads and who still continuously to do dope when they by themselves they had 'em thoughts. They trust me they had 'em thoughts. Damn. I'm be tripping out here man. But they just love the drugs more than they let 'em thoughts. Yeah. At the time Or it is it easier? It Is.


You feel what I'm saying? It's the dopamine and then and then a lot of times, and I'm not speaking on nobody in in particular but a lot of times I've met a lot of artists in my life who really don't believe they who they is without the drugs. Mm. They need the drugs. The drugs is confidence. It's A mask. It's a mask. It's also confidence. It's a whatever you doing All right. I don't give a fuck now. Yeah. I can give a fuck without having a conscience. Hmm. Yeah. Going to Booth, seeing anything I don't give fuck yo. You know you just see a day.


Yeah. I Don't get, that's how it used to be when you used to be powdering your nose. Man Shut the crazy And go in there and start rapping and shit. 30 city over 37. 3,700. Yo let me say this to young cats. How much you pay for this? Oh you was looking at the heat. How much did you pay for this? I think it was about 700. 700. Average dude got a gun. They they gun about 700. Right. Fuck the gun. Get this for 700. You can make you a easy five stacks a month with this. Yep. Sweatshirts. Heat. Heat tshirt machine. Yep. Yep. I'm talking about this all you need right here. Take that right to your C crib. Be the sheets. Wait and went be slamming the shirt. No, no, no. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.


'cause while lying to you, that's not all you need. You need that. And you need a high design. Yeah, design. Yeah because Them niggas will get that and just be putting no Ronnie Nigga. You Actually need a hot to be honest. To be honest with you. Little to be honest with you. You could just go on Google Images, find dope, historical pictures, put 'em all here and sell 'em. Album covers, Some hot designs. Yeah. Sell 'em Neff. That's all you go get a I'm not infringement and need a bigger joint. Come on. Come on man. Don't throwing Anita a big out there Like I ain't say that's Niggas better not go get a need a bacon man, So Oh you, I'm just saying. No Anita. Anita Big throw you his dumb ass on one of them joints.


You kidding? I don't care. Slam that drum. But listen, you outta here a Million Dollaz Worth Game. Hell you ain't know appreciate. Now go get that baby. Yeah. Like that. Right. 3,700. 3,700. See even though 3,700.