
Hey. Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Right. Touch my heart man. That Shit hit me bro. You know It different. It was, especially when you lose a lot of Yeah, man. Yeah. I wanna give a RIP to cousin Steve. I want give RIP to cheese. RIP to little BRIP to Allen Bunch to miss you man. Rest in peace. RIP to Grandma Rose. Yeah. I remember the, you know, I remember the first time I heard that was like a month ago. I'm sitting on the couch right here in the studio and it was so deep, right?


Because, and it was therapeutic. That was the first time you like, I ain't going front. You and me took the streets to the, to therapy for the first time because you know, we, we come up in a culture where it's though it's not, it's not cool to cry. It's not cool to feel, but you never hear nobody. No. It's cool to cry when you lost Somebody. No, no. It's cool. What I'm Saying is bring tears To my eyes. Yeah. But I'm saying it's not cool to cry where we come from. Everybody try to, you Right. Normalize pain. And you know, I remember one time me and Gil went to a funeral, young boy funeral when nobody, none of the youngest was crying. None of them. You know what I'm saying? So it was like, you gotta understand this. That was the first time the yearn for a father was verbalized.


Like the first time we really heard it in that manner. Yeah. I'm sure in the ghetto. That's why you took the whole trenches to therapy for the first time. Because you never hear nobody, everybody talk about mom. Nobody talk about dad Real talk. And it's like, it's like, I think if a lot of our fathers was here, a lot of things would be different for a lot of us. But we ain't never had no man to lean on. And it was like, so you leaned on your mom or you lean and it was like the father wasn't talked about so much, but it was a pain. And it was this, it was this, it was this vacancy of our upbringing that we don't really talk about so much. Yeah. And you was ever, you and Meek was able to really bring that to the forefront and so many people could feel that. Yeah. And it's not just about men feeling it.


I believe women could feel it too. And I, and that was so powerful. That's why music is so powerful. And just the fact that y'all even came about thinking about that type of song that was Meek best verse in the history of life. I told him that. I'm sure. Yeah. And, and, and, and, and you have a way you, your music is your voice and your whole thing is like you, you touch people's souls man. And you like, you wake people up and you allow them to be vulnerable in this world where we need to be vulnerable 'cause there's so much going on. Yep. And Touch my Soul every Time I'm listen to it, I'm talking about that is so Powerful. It's, it's powerful because like It's where we from, it's So transparent and it is What we come From.


Yeah. It's so transparent in, in the time where nobody, everybody wanna just shield what they feeling and they going through. So he was able to, you and Meek was able to express was people was going on inside but they didn't even know how to verbalize it themselves. Right. So salute to you for that. You know, salute to you for all you doing, for you just coming up now I'm gonna get right to it. And I had a conversation with you. Right. See a lot of people don't know, like this one thing y'all know about, about million dollars, mworthofgame and me and Gil, we talked to a lot of these people, a lot of these artists before they go, sometimes when they do go or wherever they at and, and y'all don't understand. I had, I called, I called, I called Friday.


I said, yo. And the reason I called him, because this is before God did came out. Yeah. It was on his way. Ray come out, I said, listen, I said don't sign no deal. I said, wait till after that song come out and signed a deal. He said, I know low. But, but, but it was something that me and him shared. I remember when Gil was telling me, well I got one of my first deals to get up out the trenches. And Gillie was like, no. I'm like, no, let's sign it now. He like, calm the fuck down man. Yeah. Because when you come up and struggle, you just like, man, I see that paper. This right here sure gonna change my life. What you talking about? I need this right now. Yeah. So I'm like, listen, wait till that song come out man.


You rate, you sta gonna be bigger. Gonna be crazy. I'm talking, it's gonna be he telling us I know low, but I'm telling you low. I, I'm like, I'm like, I can't battle with a about. Yeah. Yeah. This, he just did a song in the, in the crib and he was so transparent about it. He did it in the crib and that's why I connected with so many people. Wasn't no shiny studio who did it himself. Right. And the authenticity of it was so strong. He got opportunities and like you can't tell somebody not to go after the opportunity. Yeah. But I'm gonna ask you this question. If you would've waited, would that been different? I could see both ways. Like, you know what I'm saying? That's, That's cool. If I like you said, I remember you on the phone, like whatever you about to get, if you wait it's gonna be triple.


And I still agree with that. Yeah. My whole thing is was like I'm about to be introduced to the world like nobody ever did. Nobody. You know what I'm saying? And you not the only person that told me, you know what I'm saying? Meek called me, couple niggas called me like Bro you could do this joint independent. And yes, you feel me?


This episode of Man Hours Mworthofgame is brought to you by New Amsterdam Vodka. Now life ain't going your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your woman cheating today. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming and it didn't come your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka that's distilled five times as filtered three times for a clean crush finish. You could drink it straight up on the rocks juice soda. Or you could just make a new Amsterdam mule the classic put, it's up to you. But just know when you out and about at your local liquor store. Bam. New Amsterdam Vodka. Get you some. You hear me Shout out to the new Amsterdam queen. My wife be at the crib, cocktailing it up with her girlfriends. You know what I mean? Doing it big off that New Amsterdam Vodka. The official vodka of bars through sports. As you can see we've been drinking this.


Right. But it was like I was telling me, I was telling like even Tori hit me. I'm telling bro, y'all wouldn't be where y'all at without what I'm about to sign to. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Everything is about an infrastructure at the end. Yeah. Yes It is. And when you do it in the independent, you gotta have the mental for it. I don't think I had the mental to run that joint independently, but I Ain't tell you was independent. Yeah. I said wait and No you Told me wait, I said it's gonna be a biting war. I said just wait. No, No, no you did tell me to wait. It it not be a biding war Because 'cause you came, you gotta stay and you made the song. Yeah. You went crazy Like that joint was like, and and you just got, I don't know what it is.


You got this, you, you know how to connect souls with pain. Yeah. And you know how to, you know how to take pain and know how to visualize it. You give it this feeling that is digestible. Yeah. Fucker be like man, like I feel like in my chest God did like, like it was like so, so but, but now it's just like I just wanna congratulate you on all your success. How you just, it what you did is you got in the game and you kept working. Yeah. I ain. A lot of times people get in the game and get the chain to get the jury. They get all the, all the, all the sucks, all the, you know all the broads and they like fuck. And I made, I'm chilling. Yeah. You never, your chill button was broke. You broke your chill button. Facts and you just kept going.


So how, how do it feel man? How do it really feel man? No like this joint feel crazy ain ain't gonna lie. You know what I'm saying? Like, like you said, I ain't stopped since bro never like God did came out 20 22, 20 23. I done been on every hook. I done got every plaque, every billboard albums on every album you could think of. You know what I'm saying? Because my whole thing is when God Day came out, I studied the game before I got in it ain ain't one of these s that's like I don't know what's going on. I made it lucky hitting the studio. I studied this before I came in and I seen a lot of artists that will get a moment, like the moment I got and it just stay right there. And that was my scariest thing.


I'll just be at the crib like how I'm about to beat this moment. I got sung with Jay-Z. You know what I'm saying? So I studied people like Wayne, I studied people like Drake, you know what I'm saying? And my whole thing was like I gotta create different moments. I ain't never gonna be, I don't think I'm ever gonna be the moment like God did you know what I'm saying? Bringing Jay-Z back to a microphone and doing the eight minute verse, you know what I'm saying? But it's all about staying consistent and creating different moments. Lemme just tell you something. You stay consistent and you do your crush there. Nah, for sure. Yeah Because the biggest thing that artists don't understand is that ain't no days off. Yeah. Facts. You feel what I'm saying? Let me just ask you this question. LeBron James ain't LeBron James because he takes days off.


Yeah. Facts. LeBron James is LeBron James because after the season it's like four days is done going by and you see that nigga in the weight room. Yeah. And the dancing for weight is no days off. Facts. When he retired he gonna have all the days off he went. Yeah. But that's where a lot of artists get when they ain't got no money, the easiest thing is to get the to the studio. Yeah. All they ever wanted was some studio time. Now they got some money, they got some chains, a couple cars. They getting the suck from the back Now mentally ain ain't there mean get the outta here man. You mean mentally you ain't there. Hold on, see this back in the day. That's why used to be doing Yeah play Suge slap in the head with a guy.


Alright I'm there. I'm there. I'm mentally there. He be right back in the studio. Yeah. At the end of the day it's like, bro, I remember you when you just wanted the opportunity. Yeah. Now you got all the opportunities in the world and you saying like, yeah I ain't mentally right. Yeah. What? But you know what it is Three Mexican s that you just took in your your hotel room last night said you was mentally all right. Yeah. They all saying right when they was in the they thought you was mentally shot. You know what it is too though. You know what it is too Ka Like you said you was, you was studying


this episode of me and Dollars. Mworthofgame is brought to you by DraftKings who's scoring big in the NBA this season You are. With all the new ways to get to the action at DraftKings Sports book. The official sports book betting partner of the NBA Draftking is the home of NBA player Props. So you could get behind your favorite player any which way from Monster slams to edition the rock to cleaning the glass is super easy for first time to get started, try betting on something simple as A NBA player prop. Here's something special for first time new draft King customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. So you go on draftings do do do do, do you deposit your $5, you put my promo code in Gillie with it. They sock it right to your pocket $150 instantly. So now you got $155 to bet to put that parlay in to put that whatever you want to do to try to get you some chicken, some paper, some cash. Take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code Gillie. That's code Gillie. New customers get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. Remember the crown is yours to put it on and wear it right Like GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text HOPENY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio


Give tell you I study a lot of artist behaviors 'cause we be everywhere. It wasn't just that you was talented. I believe with you Friday was the greatness about you and coming from a city that we come from. Bro, I've been backstage with you and a lot of, lot of events with you bro. I've seen you walk in the dressing room to dap 'em up. Man. I'm sure love man. I mess with your music, your personality and who you is as a human being really is why you here too. Because you ain't get in the game and be on No cool ain't on. No I seen you backstage taking every picture hollering at everybody showing Oh man, I'm with your music man.


I I was there multiple times, multiple cities and I'm like, I'm like yo, he really a good person man. He a good dude. He thorough. He not with the Philly. Cool. So a lot of times sometimes when you come from certain divide the ghetto cool period, you get caught up in a lot of people they get that moment and they can't pop because they think they already made it when they still working and get to the next level. Right. I seen you build multiple relationships. Yeah. You speak to everybody and you just a good person. So a lot of that people forget that part. Yeah. The relationship building part. You could be talented 'cause I see that be talented. Where are they now? They was dickhead because you gotta understand the coaches last longer than player. Me and Gil is coaches.


Yeah. You gotta remember Phil Jackson had Michael and Kobe coaches last longer than we are gonna be here. We gonna be here forever. We see so many artists come and go and it's like the reason that a lot of these dudes go, they don't know how to network. They too cool. Yeah. And they think they're the last great fucker on the planet. Yeah but you, you just a great person And I think that that that it comes out in your music, comes out with you know you just, you just good people man. And I think that's a major part of being an artist in this day and time when you could get on that phone and call somebody and and they make it happen. Ain't nobody call this for you. He called you. Right. Edgar. Edgar. But still that's still like my god I seen same thing Philly. I'm like we gotta do this. But you know what I'm Saying, it's the same thing time right now.


Yeah. You see what I'm saying? Everybody can't call us because they not, they not in good standings of just who they is. Just who they is. Whatever. Who that Listen we, We just performed. Listen, we Gil just performed your verse man. I told him he got a Man I started crying Man. Yeah he just, he went in, he just performed your verse. I know man. Gil was talking this morning. I, I started crying this morning when I was listening to it. The greatest verse. I called the nigga like Manish we number four trending on YouTube Meek me going number one. I swear appreciate that man. Yes. Appreciate that my brother. You know what I'm saying? Meek look, you gotta think Wao Meek brought me out the 20 K Gillie was there 20 K people? I ain't performed yet.


I was there. Oh you was there too? Yeah. You was scared. I was scared. It was a different Friday. Now I'm walking around the stage like it was Thursday night that night. You gotta think So I appreciate Meek all the time. Every time I see him I tell him I appreciate you, I appreciate it. You know what I'm saying? He showed me love. One of the first artists to stamp me in this game. You know what I'm saying? And I'm gonna say this 'cause like I always tell you 'cause a lot of people don't Roots picnic, we killing that. Me and Gil bringing you out, we gonna kill that. But you wasn't Supposed to tell him So what you fucking fucking Surprise Up. But at the end of the day because like, like this is why I love moments and I love what you said. Yeah. Because a lot of times we come from a place where people don't not know to acknowledge people. I ain scared when they help. I ain.


I ain't scared To say that. Like you help so many but a lot of times people don't how to acknowledge they wanna say something back. So I salute you for saying that coming from Philadelphia, you know what I mean? He put you on the stage with 20,000 and said look They ain't even know I was from the city. You know what I'm, I'm saying? I'm saying you gotta think I'm just love too brother. You feel me? I'm just engineering people in the city. Nobody know. I ain't had no come up as an artist. You know what I'm saying? They like cousin ain't from the city. You know what I'm saying? Well Meek brought me Outstan. He was like this. Yeah. Y'all know for sure. Yeah. I appreciate you too Friday. Keep doing your thing man. You know what I mean? That brother love, we gonna keep pushing that. Everybody doing they thing man. The next generation is most important. Yeah. Gi and them did it for me. Yeah. Wao saying support in my back pocket.


They gimme the support when I don't, I don't really be trying to hear from nobody. Yeah. My brothers, they give it to me. I gotta dish it out to y'all. So I Appreciate much love bro. I Appreciate You love. I'm gonna hit you when we done. Alright. Later y'all. Yeah later. Yeah But no it's like it's, it's just like that. Like


This episode a million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by Stash Invest. This podcast is brought to you in part by Stash. Saving and investing can feel impossible but with Stash it's not just a reality, it's easy. Stash isn't just an investing app, it's a registered investing advisor that combines automated investing with dependable financial strategies to help you reach your goals faster. They'll provide you with personalized advice to what to invest in Based on your goals. If you want to just sit back and watch your money work, you can opt into the award-winning expert managed portfolio that picks stocks for you. Stash has helped millions of Americans reach financial goals and start at just $3 per month. Don't let your savings sit around, make it work harder for you. Go to get.st.com/dollars. That's get do Stash dot com slash dollars to see how you can receive $25 towards your first stock purchase and view important disclosures. That's get do.com/dollars. D-O-L-L-A-Z paid nine client, not a representative of all clients and not a guarantee. Investment Advisory services offered by Stash Investment LLC and SEC Registered Investment Advisor investing involves risk offer is subject to T's and C's.


This episode of a million dollars Mworthofgame is sponsored by RO and I'm a row partner. One thing about Roe Sparks, if you have an ED problems, one thing it'll do, it'll help you out. One thing about Road Sparks, you get direction you've be wanted Road Connect guys with medical providers a hundred percent online so you don't have to have them awkward in-person conversations. Road Sparks is gonna change your life, it's gonna change the energy in the bedroom. It's gonna have us talking to you different looking at you different Rose Sparks is a great thing. And the thing about Rose Sparks, it dissolved right under your tongue. One thing about dissolving treatment, it hit the bloodstream. Like ah, I'm talking about like soon as you put it under your tongue that rose spark, ah, put it up under your tongue and they be like, it hits your bloodstream Gametime game. Hey, hey hey you ready? I'm talking about you ready to play and you ready to play big, you're gonna win a Super Bowl alike. Rose Sparks work in 15 minutes on average. I'm talking about like this on average. You know, I can't say, you know, different strokes of different folks but you know it is gonna work and you're gonna be ready to get busy. Row stays in the system for 36 hours. So you go back to back to back to back to back to back to back. I'm talking about a hundred percent online health provider to tell 'em your needs. Tell 'em what you're going through to make you better. If you approve treatment, shipped directly to your door, nobody know what's going on but you, what are you waiting for? And prescribe new sexual health patients. Get 15% off Sparks recurring plans. Connect with a provider at ro.co/mdw to find out if prescription ro Sparks is right for you. That's roro.co/ MD wog for $15 off your first order.


Like, Like you know, I'm trying to figure out like how do you, what, what is the energy that you use when you going into the studio? Because you know back in the day I was a big town rapper in Philly. You know what I mean? And no I was bigger than you because yeah I was big than you don't before anybody knew. They probably ain't know. But on the underground level I was bigger than you. But like we just used to go to the studio, just go, we didn't have no plans back when. Yeah, there wasn't no plan. Like how did, what is the, like what is your mind? Is it, do the room gotta be set up a certain way? Is it a certain people in there? Is it an engineer? Like what is it like what's going on? Like I'm a real singer. Like I grew up listening to RB like what's the men Brian M. Knight, you feel me?


So at first all I knew was r and b. I just sing love songs. I think it was like 2017 Rest in Peace, PNB, rock, Rest in Peace and Rock. You feel me? One of the legends. You know what I'm saying? Yes. True legend. True legend. And like PNB Rock people like a Boogie and Rock where I'm like hearing these guys sing about real life, you know what I'm saying? And I remember as Surety came to the studio and was like, I love your music but it's like you not really talking like yourself like this not the same you that I'm getting in the music. And that stuck with me 'cause I was like right there. I was like how can I talk like me in this music? You know what I'm saying?


And I think it was like 20 17, 20 18 I made my first song about some real life stuff. You know what I'm saying? And from there that's where I locked in, into making music about life. Where I'm from, who I lost. You gotta think bro. A lot of the songs you hear bro Rest in Peace. My father, you know what I'm saying? He, he ain't been the same. Like he ain't been the same for like the last eight to 10 years. I say, you know what I'm saying? That stuff you saw with, if you seen LeVar LeVar Ball where he lost his foot. Yeah. It was kind of the same situation with my father where it was like they wanted to cut off his, cut off his foot and you know black parents, you know my parents hate him.


They got a lot of pride. So yeah we ain't cutting all that foot, you know what I'm saying? And the doctor's telling us every time like this the best option like cut the foot off now just the foot. My family like nah, you feel me? So right now like at that point it starts spreading up to his knees to the point my dad can't even walk bro. Like you feel me, the most standup I know can't even walk to the point. My mom gotta bathe him. My mom gotta walk him, I gotta walk him. We gotta wash 'em. You know what I'm saying? So a lot of the songs you hear like even God did bro don't give up on me with me. It's a lot of nights, you feel me?


My mind, I'm crying tears, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like son, this ain't the father I used like, you know what I'm saying? If you coulda just imagined the most standup man, you know can't do nothing for himself. So it would be nights I'll just cry with my mind bro. Like, you know what I'm saying? You keep making That music because that's the music that's always gonna connect. It's Gonna connect because There's people all over the world going Through that. Nah, for sure. People all over the world. So I'll just come from there and go right to the booth. I'll come from there and go Right. Make God there. Right there. You know what I'm saying? Like when I made God did like it was a long day.


You know what I'm saying? It's like, it's just stuff like that I grabbed from, you know what I'm saying? Some crazy. And You was going through some Yeah, going through some. See That's what I don't understand about artists. Whether you going through ups and downs, you supposed to go to the studio and that's your therapy. Yeah. And whatever you going through that day, that's what you release out. Yeah. Into the world. That's how you make iconic records. Yeah. Facts. That's how you make records that live on forever. Yeah. Because you was in a space, you was in a mindset and you made some that was personal but it's also personal to millions on top of millions of across the world bro.


Because who don't feel like God did? Yeah. Who do I know? I feel like I'm here because of God. Sure. I know. I feel like I'm here because of God and hard work. That's it. Facts. So how many people can connect with that across the world? Everybody, No matter if you're tough, you're not tough, you're soft, you're a nice person, a great person, a bad person who can't connect with that No matter the religion, none of that. Exactly. So when you live in a certain space and you go to the studio and release it, it's like a basketball player. You could be arguing with your woman going through some when you hit that court, man don't matter man.


Yeah. Is about to get this 40. That's how it is for a artist when you go to the studio. Yeah, I'm having a bad day. I'm about to put that on track And look that that them, when you put that on track them be the fans that never leave you ever. You know what I'm saying? How many hit makers we know that made club records and gone. Right. Because yeah. And how many people we know put they life and they music. Like even Meek bro, like growing up listening to Meek, listening to the music. I feel like I'm there when he lost his dad. I feel like I'm there when he got his first Rollie. I feel Like I was there when he lost his homie. Yeah. I would never switch up on me.


You know what I'm saying? Just coming up and just listening to him. So when I, when I make music, I know that's the same thing I'm giving my fans. I get dms every day. I lost my dad. Even if's my dad, I ain't, I lost my mom. You know what I'm saying? So it, I got some crazy fans that will never switch on me because I put my real life and I don't hold nothing back. That's what it's about now. Now how has it been like, I know you had a list of like people you like. Damn. So you work with me. I know. Do you have a list still of people you like I gotta get in the stew, I gotta cook one up with so and so. Yeah, Drake for sure. Okay. Greatest of all time. Okay. You know what I'm saying? In my eyes, Drake the one, you know what I'm saying? I produced on one of the Drake songs and he sampled my voice.


But I need a, I need that record, I need that feature. You know what I'm saying? Sizzle one of them too. Okay. And Frank Ocean. Okay. Frank Ocean, special Frank be behind. Yeah. He be hiding. I don't know where He, he don't come out like the, he don't drop Like that. He don't come out like that. But he one of them special artists that's like, he like an alien to me. You know what I'm saying? That's the three for sure. That's it. So now, now how do you, how do you feel coming out right now with this album to getting all the support? Like how do, how, what's the feeling of you know, being this artist is bringing this heat and you like I really put the work in and I'm getting celebrated for it. How do you feel? I ain't gonna lie, the past two days I ain't do nothing. I was just on Twitter all day taking all the love and like, you know what I'm saying?


Like you gotta think I'm one of them artists. I, I record myself. Okay. I produce all my music. Every song you ever heard I produced on, whether it's Jay-Z, Lil Baby, anybody you produce, you feel me? I produce on every song and I write my music. You feel me? I bring people in to help me. But I, I'm, I'm a hundred percent hands on. Okay. You know what I'm saying? So putting all that work in and just seeing the love we top five all genres. You know what I'm saying? That's good. That's big man. That's big. And I don't think, I don't think people understand it, but it's just like the testament of the music, you know what I'm saying? It's so big and when somebody listen they gotta tell somebody about it. Like you gotta listen to this. You know what I'm saying? Let Me just tell you this though.


'cause you said, you know you was on Twitter all day. Yeah. You know that could be a gift and a curse brother. No, for sure. Yeah. You know what I mean? Because six months from now could be a false narrative. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. Now, now Twitter ain't looking the same as it was six months ago. Yeah. So all of that is a facade Matter of facts Because if you look at the internet, meek Mills ain't Meek Mills no more. Yeah. But I went to a concert that s falling out the Raptors. Yeah I was there too last time. So what the, Are we talking about? Yeah. So if you sit back and they read some on Twitter, this could be a 16-year-old kid in Nova Scot you give a fuck about what he's talking about.


No. Sure. Yeah. So at the end of the day you even when you up Yeah. And you looking at the stats and you take all that with a green of salt man For sure. Yeah. Because if it ever become a time where it ain't looking your way, you going to take that with a grain of salt too, man, what they talking about? And it's not going to with you mentally. That be the biggest thing with artists. They let something that they can't control with them mentally. Yeah. Like you can't control what no s are saying on the social media bro. Fuck that facts. Get in the studio, get to work and okay. Prime example, right?


Two weeks ago Meek was, you know, he dropped that verse Hottest nigga out. If y'all ever switch sides, meek back. Yeah. Meek back. He back. He ain't never going. If y'all ever switch sides, come Back A all that On. I'm confused Meek. But see is the narrative. It's the narrative. Yeah. When you Listen to the narrative and you pay attention, you, you, you, you feed into a up narrative when you supposed to just let that Go. No facts. Yeah. Because Eventually people start hearing you in that narrative if you fuel that. Yeah, for Sure. If you don't fuel it, people see it and let it go. Yeah. If you fuel it, they start living in that narrative facts.


Now you done put a whole different narrative out there. Now I'd do anything to get Robbie back. He he back. He No kidding. Take all that shit with a grain of salt. Lemme ask you this beans though, 'cause that's a lot for you to, you know, you produce, you engineer you, all you need is a MacBook Apollo and a mic and you, you gonna get nasty. A thousand dollars set up A thousand. Thank you. I be telling people about that a thousand dollars setup. You making great music. Is you? Is you developing any artists? No, not yet. Yeah. 'cause I'm like that'd be easy for you to just tell Somebody. Yeah. It'll be easy. All you like, but look, I study this too. One of the few that's developing artists to me is Yo Gotti.


Yes. You always say that and it's like I done seen a lot of people come in first year and be like, these my artists, you not there yet bro. And then look what happened. I like that. I like that. They gone, they don't even got the artists no more. I like that when you got artists you can't really like be on the same thing as them. You really gotta take the fall back. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And the only person that did it right to me thus far I could be wrong is Yo Gotti.


This episode of Million Dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by Experian Madness in March is good madness and credit is bad. Take control of your credit and finances, make sure you pick the Experian app. Experian could be your financial Cinderella with tons of free tools at your fingertips to help you take control of financial life. The amount of free tools you get with experience could fill your bracket with things like your free FICO score. You could boost your FICO score instantly free with Experian. Boost free credit monitoring with alerts to keep you in the note on changes to your profile. Free access to marketplace of credit cards, loans and auto insurance options all matched to you. Freeze your credit file for free, helping protect you against identity theft. Make sure you are ready for one shining moment with experience. Go to the app store and download for free the Experian app. Now you hear me? Go to the app store right now and download the Experian app right now and get the experience of Experian right this episode.


A million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by JackPocket or the lottery tickets right from your phone with JackPocket America's number one lottery app. JACKPOCKET has so many lottery games to choose from. I mean they have Powerball, Mega Millions and other official state lottery games. Best of all new customers get your first lottery ticket for free using Code Gillie. That's G-I-L-L-I-E. Just in case you didn't know how to spell it at the checkout. Download JackPocket now. Don't forget to use Code Gillie JackPocket America's number one lottery app and official partner of Barstool Sports. So just whip your phone out right now. Download JackPocket app punch and code Gillie. Get a free Mega Millions Powerball ticket if you hit you could throw me a couple dollars back. I wouldn't be mad at you. I mean you did win 'cause of my ticket. But make sure you if you doing anything that's with the lottery Jackpocket number one lottery app in America. Right GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPE NY 18 or older 19 plus in Nebraska. 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2. Non withdrawable credit prize amount may differ at time of drawings. Terms JackPocket dot com slash toss slash free dash ticket dash promo slash


He did what he needed to do. He got his money up to the point where I don't even gotta rap. I'm gonna do it when I want to rap then I'm gonna sign it. But you gotta understand yo Gotti lived in a different space too. If yo Gotti put his self to on first, you gotta put yourself on first To where though I don't need nothing. Yeah I, I put myself on I resources. I don't need anything in the process of me putting myself on. I learned the game, all the game, the ins and outs. Who I need to fuck with, what channels I need to run these through. Who? So for you to be still trying to put yourself on and focusing on some other Nah, nah, nah.


I might tell somebody, yo I got this artist you about to drop. We ain't worried about That artist. Right, right. It really is. Ain't The record label won't look at you crazy nigga. Look at we worried about you nigga we worried about you. You know why I said that's why I said that because a lot of times in the hood in the ghetto see somebody climbing up the mountain and be down there yo, help me up. Help me bro. I'm still trying to get to ain Aint gonna lie while on Gillie, I ain't gonna lie. I'm gonna tell you like this, that interview y'all had with Boss man dlo when you was talking to Boss man dlo about everybody in the room and that's a artist and all that. I had to sit down and play for somebody.


I had to sit down and play the interview for a few. Yeah I don't know if you remember what you said Boss man Dlo. Yeah go ahead. What you Were saying? No because what happened is we come from an environment where a cu coming up and because right now for you, I don't know for you particularly but I, he done been there with me Gil, I come, I'd have been with the biggest artist in the world and I'd be like yeah see this. He fired, he get fired Two years. None of these gonna be here because my man You over there? Yeah. Now what the fuck is you doing here? How much weed you smoke? How, how much that get three Cameramen fired? Man. No I'm just saying. I'm just saying because talk He like he we be sitting here, he'd be like, you been in 45 minutes, you ain't turn the camera on. Turn the camera. What he You Doing? What is he doing here like This bro.


I got a camera man. We was at, we was at John last week. Gave a camera to the waitress and hopped in the pick with us. Yeah. Yeah because you were doing bro I listen, listen, he Would've been fired. I wish I was there. I would've escorted. I wish yo my man get up. Get the fuck outta security. Get him outta here now. Don't worry about it. Yo my man you right there. Yeah. Start you on the camera work. Use your phone bro. No, 'cause because no, my whole thing is like this my thing, this my thing. We come from a, we come from a greedy, petty entire environment. Everybody. It's not your responsibility to put nobody on. For sure. You don't owe nobody nothing because if you was stealing your middle room doing like this, God trying to do shit what nobody give a fuck about you Like fuck Shit.


You see what I'm saying? It's not because and that's where people up at. It is not that they don't even have no, no they don't even have no approach about it. Everything is entirely like you owe me, you from Phil, you don't own. No. So let's get that outta people joints and because what they'll do is in a minute they gonna call you a gatekeeper. This is what a gatekeeper mean. Let me explain something to you. I know what no, no, I'm gonna give you game. You Know Listen, I'm gonna call you a gatekeeper in a minute. You know why gatekeeper mean and nobody talk about this, what it really mean is that a lot of you really ain't that talented and you don't wanna embrace the fact that I'm just not that good. Ain't nobody in my way, I got a phone, There's no gates.


Everything I need is here. You Just not that good And you don't want to look in the mirror and say I really can't rap. And the only time listen and the only time in the black community somebody say somebody gatekeeping when they trying to rap they ain't gate keeping at McDonald's and them jobs. Why you ain't go get the job? Facts. Like the problem is the hardest thing to tell him in the ghetto is that that's like calling the dude spit in his face. You can't rap. You can't rap and or if you tell him you can't get no glory off my story. It's crazy. Or Keep going. They don't want, you can't come up off my hustle. They don't want here. Keep going bro. Motherfucker see you put all the working and then think they gonna get some glory off your listen, listen, listen, keep going.


Listen. You know, you know I'm the motivation. So I tell motherfucker, listen bro, keep going. Get your own studio this down third walk away man hate it on me. No bullshit. He hate it. Listen, he looking at you DI listen, listen. It's Like be like and again I'm telling dude I I done told dudes real life on the tip. Like yo bro this is what you need. Go get you a studio, get you a team, get your graphics up, start shooting it. Boom. Hating on me. Listen my man, I don't mean to tell you and ain ain't saying this the wrong way. My money longer than train smoke. I need to be hating on you for man. Yeah, I got money I forgot about man. Yeah, on some. So my whole thing is like, and And I witnessed them tell quite a few that came home from jail running late. No, no you don't wanna rap me. You wanna go ahead and get you a artist that's in one of these young push one of these young to the roof man you your shit, your shit done came and sell.


Man your shit. Push man. Nigga hating on me. No, you 52 talking about you About I told Gil, I told Gil like, listen the fuck are you talking about? I I had an opportunity. Right. I had an opportunity. Right. I I go somewhere. I'm in, I'm in a label one time. Right. No, No There's no I'm in a label doing my thing 'cause I could go to any of these labels and just walk around yo put my feet on the joint president table yo. So I come back one time I said Gil, I just busted a move. He said what? I said I got you a crazy contract. They just want you to put, he said what I look like rapping. I showed him the email and anything was they was offering some because they whole thing is he got a, he got a follower.


Right. I ready put this back on the stage. Right. I'm like that he my artist. I'm I'm telling motherfucker. I'm like, hey. He he was like, you told him I said no Gil my artist. You ain't got Miss Man you don't worry about He sent me a record deal get the So listen. I go get the deal. It was, it was some, it was some bag because they like, it wasn't Bad. He, like I Said, he said right out there smoke. He said I'm not doing no rapping. I'm, I'm looking At this record deal and I'm looking at my podcast deal. I'm like It don't Match. Yeah nigga, I'm not Wasting no time for this. It was some money though. But I'm gonna say this though was some money. I'm gonna say this though. What Enough money big me started rapping though Eric then you said it is crazy. Like I was talking to my brother the other day like even on the breakfast club I was saying like the the, the craziest thing is being the first one to make it out.


What? That's Jon a blessing and A curse. Did did somebody ask you for some, listen, did somebody ask you for some money that they mother and they father never give them yet? Yeah. And and and and and ask you with confidence like yo man. Yeah like that you gonna start getting phone calls like like listen I got listen see these phones, It's up. I need y'all to Watch Lil Kev on BET plus the first ADE animated cartoon series on BET plus Kev bring you through through the hood Slick Johnson. There's a bunch of people in there. Great voiceovers and just understand that Kevin Hart AKA Lil Kev is taking over the world taking over BET plus and it's a great, it's a great show so make sure y'all tune in the little Kev on BET plus asap.


ASAP mean right now And don't mean later. It means right now Lil Kev BT Plus. Right. You gotta be really somebody that can even reach me. No for sure. Like all that calling me to kick me not doing nothing. I got too much business I'm doing. You gotta change your number. That's number one. Yeah I Gotta get the news Bro. You gotta change your, you gotta change your number because what's gonna happen is fucker going to call you Right. Just to call. You gonna start getting call just the call so they can FaceTime you. That's my man. Dude they gotta butter you up and then you gonna have to join Where going ask you for something that nobody in the history of they life ever gave him that ever gave him. And then be like man he on some holler and it's gonna be people that's close.


Don't worry about the, it's gonna be the close people for sure. And then outta nowhere. One day fucking will come. You gonna see somebody on the internet probably from your city. Oh man that nigga ain't real. He ain't never put nobody, he ain't do nothing for nobody. That's what I'm trying to say. What the fuck you mean he don't even know you Look it's like, it's like being a first house. It's like I'll say it's like bringing everybody to the water. You bring everybody to the water. None of them never even put the work in. They just at the water like dang we at the water. I might ask you yo, let me open up for your tour. What? When I'm realizing bro every, a lot of people got their own agenda. They not everybody, they don't even give a about what you, they're not even thinking if Friday tour is selling out, maybe he should take, you feel me the high in one of the cities they just thinking how can I get on that stage?


They not thinking it might Friday whole tour. You know what I'm saying? So my whole thing is though, you might bring these s backstage and all that. They around everybody they go back home and say Yo, could you send Meek this? You was just in the room with Meek and you ain't say a word. Yep. And then they would look at you. I'd be like bro you was just in the studio with Meek. Why? Why you ain't to him? You ain't play no beats. We used to sneak backstage and really I used to sneak backstage and do this and sneak back in with a keyboard. Right. Acting like I played for the band and really put work in just to give my hard drive out. You mean to tell me you lead a backstage with a hundred artists, they ain't get one number.


It's 18 a and r backstage. You ain't get one number you just worried about. But That's part of that. And if we go back home and they look at Friday and be like, ain't putting me in position bro. Why you ain't sending me this? Why you ain't sending baby this? Why you ain't sending the a and r this bro, the only thing you could ask for is bro is is the access. That's all I could give you. You at the end The day. Why you ain't sin? You know what you say? I am sending sending you. Lemme be there. I you Get what I'm trying to say. That Should be crazy bro. Yeah but no because because at the end of the day you just gotta stay focused on you. 'cause at the end of the day, no matter where you at right now, you're still climbing. You're nowhere.


You're nowhere near where you going to be in 36 Months. Yeah. Facts. After The tour, after that you still gotta build up your infrastructure, your team because you came here, you ain't listen man, lemme explain something to you. I done did interviews with Right. And they had 60 people with 'em And I'm like where the fuck is doing that man, they making a block out. Why is all these s on the block? Who the is all these And everybody bring their own problems. Yeah. So my whole thing is like they all got different problems. This lawsuits ready to happen. Got three Baby moms calling you. No see you got everything going on. See One thing you gotta do is right. I you gotta learn how to not hang with who make they problems, your problems.


I don't hang that make they problems, my problems. Yeah. Like no that's your problems. Yeah. I don't hang. That's not even getting a certain amount of money because bro what the, what the fuck do we have in common? If you dead pop and I'm rich, we have nothing in common bro. You not even trying to get to it. I got money and I'm waking up every day trying to get more money. You ain't got no money and you ain't trying to get nothing. Yeah. So the I hang with is on the same type of time as me. Yeah. I don't give a fuck if you do podcasting, you a teacher, you a fireman, you whatever you do when you get into some money to take care of your family, one Of the s that be around us, he a school teacher.


He don't ask Got his own Benzs got his own. He don't have this my guy. And, and and he understand He's been around since I've been McGill since I've been home. And he understand the bit. He understand how to bid, how to have fun, how, how to not take shit personal. Yeah. Not be too tough. Yeah. Not for sure. He never want no negative energy. Yeah. That's The biggest young too. You feel what I'm saying? You should find him on some negative energy. You like what The fuck? I never seen him. He's funny. That nigga come. I love it. Yeah. You gotta be your own man. Like you, you like you said it'd be six. Like I I'm pretty sure them rappers feel like they got 40 kids. No. Yeah You might be about you, you, you be at the mall.


You got all the bags, five bags you about to pay for everything. All you feel is this. No pulled The money out already. All you feel Is this. No they already No no. They already put shit on. No, what they do is you, you go shop and you gotta show tonight. You don't is it is mandatory. They gotta be fly. They throw on the counter. No they they they might they see you. They might pick and tell you Yeah this joint nice. They waiting for you to say you like that joint. You want that joint. That's why I see that. That's why you gotta learn how to look past. Yeah. Yeah. That joint is nice. Yeah. Ring that up. That I just put on the counter because bro you know how many rappers and artists go broke.


Yeah I seen F Fe the entourage f Fey w interview with that crazy 'cause of the entourage because of some allegiance that these s me when they was broke and had nothing going on. He my brother like it's easy to talk to when you ain't got nothing going on. You my brother for life. If I got 50 million right now, I'll give you 10 and all that shit. What It's easy to talk to but then when you realize what it take to be successful, all the channels you had to go through. All the things you had to do. Yeah. All the work you had to put in. For sure. And then you look at another who wants something and didn't do 10% of the you did.


But he wanted, he wanna be, he want all the glory for your story. Yeah. Get the outta here man. You gotta learn how to chop and scrap. Ah, one thing about him, he a chop and screw you. He don't give who he is. No. For sure because he just, his patience for is at all time. Minimum. 'cause he like us. I I was in jail my whole life. I come home and I'll make it happen. Just because I work 'cause not 'cause of no match dropped out the sky. None of just 'cause I work and you mean to tell me a fucker who's been on the streets for they whole life. They depended on me. Yeah. Ain't none of them stop past my grandma house when I was in jail.


Facts. I ain't even know you. Like I always tell guilt. I don't know these, I don't know y'all. I wasn't, I was on another planet in the cell somewhere. Chilling, going, going down the child hall stealing onions and peppers out of this, out the kitchen. Throwing my thing make being a chef. I don't know. You you was a thief in jail though. Yeah, that's, that was my hustle. Covers and names out the kitchen. That sound crazy though. I had was a thief in jail. You remember? You remember when I seen my man pee? He shoulda locked him in the jail. Yo. In jail. No, listen, you, you, you remember. No, no I wasn't stealing. I was just borrowing. Listen you remember was borrowing you remember you saw my man that run security. My man PD platters. He told you I was in there. I was the chef. See that's how you knew he had some, his name was Pete Platt.


No, I gave you his name. His name Pete. I just threw the platter on his name 'cause we used to sell the platters. You get, see, see, see I come from Friday. I come from a place where you get your name off of what you do. Yeah. You just can't be. That's crazy. Mike, Mike is a bitch. He never was crazy. I'm just saying. I'm just saying I'm not, I don't want no problem screaming Mike. But I'm just saying like you don't get them type of joints. So Yeah, for sure. But no, see now my whole thing is like this. Alright, you ready to go on tour, right? Yeah. Now what, what is you looking for from going on this tour? Like what, what is you, you know, what is you, how many cities is it? It's a lot. Ain ain't gonna lie. It's probably like 20 to 30 in the US you know I got a big European fan base too. So it's like 10. You ready To be tired? Yeah, we about to go up 10 to 20 in Europe.


For Sure. Alright, so listen you, what is, what city is you really looking forward to? Is this like cities you looking forward to and Yeah, I done experienced New York, you know Philly hometown too. So I could do a lot of throwbacks. You San Diego on there. I don't know Them spots is gonna be some of your greatest San Diego salt. Why you say that? Because Riverside, California. Me, I'm gonna say this, I've been to every, I've been to every damn near every city in America. Yeah. Right. And there's certain cities that you go to, you just be like, wow, this shit beautiful San Diego. I like Seattle, salt Lake City, Denver, my spot. Like yeah, it's gonna be them. Places you be like is really dope and you just relax and chill and like, you know, it's just, it just, and because you gonna see that you got fans and places.


I think that's what make it so dope. 'cause you like Salt Lake City. Why I'm here. Yeah. But your router knows something. That's why they put you in there and you gonna see people. You gonna be like, yo, it is a good feeling when you go to places that's off the grid. Yeah. That's not to mean you go to Charlotte. You like me, Charlotte, you are Cincinnati, you in Milwaukee, you like yo For sure. Like, it's places like Milwaukee. I like that city. You know, it's, it's dirt city. Boston, little dirty ass Milwaukee man. Dirty Milwaukee ain't dirty man. Milwaukee's filthy man. Little dirty. That's my spot. No it's not. It's a nice, it's a nice spot. Shout out to Damien Lilli. Yeah. You know what I mean? So, so, but it's just the feeling. It's just the feeling and just, just, just, I think it's gonna be so great for you because it makes you so see and then you come back, you get so many new fans.


Yeah. So many new fans, man. It's just gonna connect with you man. It's just crazy. I'm ready. Battle motherfucker. Let's do it. Come on Gail. Don't do no r Kelly songs. TI said stand by me. That's Gillie Jones. Stand by me. Don't do. No, don't do. No. I just need a little more time. I just need a little more with you. Promise that you'll stand by me. Oh don't you stand Fake as figure. He's a figure. This is the first time you battle without singing some r That's Good. I would've cooked him with the R one. We'll go to my sing a different, sing a different joint. Huh? Sing a different joint. I believe I Can Fly.


Yeah. When I threw you out that window. I wanna ask A question though, bro. I see you, you a crazy sinful fan. You know what I'm saying? Greatest planet, greatest artist on earth. I'ma, i'ma i'ma tell you this if you listen to me and Lil Baby Song, you Got Sinful was one of my inspiration when I, when when I used to hear him on Drake Hooks and all that, he was one of my inspirations of, it's like when he's singing, he's kind of crying. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Yes. And he's putting everything you feel and how he sing. I wanna know when you heard him and, and how that connected to you. 'cause I, I Seen, alright, so lemme give you the game. I'm downtown. I just came home from prison. I'm downtown on South Street was a record store and I'm in a joint and plastic started playing.


You familiar with Plastic? No. No, no. Well, but this is one of his major songs. Yeah. From his last album. So Plastic started playing and I'm like, I asked the dude in the rec store. I said, yo, who is that? Yeah, he like right there. And he, it was his album, A Real Vinyl on the Wall. I'm like, that's him. So I get his joint, I put this song on. I put that on repeat 'cause the song was so, it was it. His voice is just crazy. The song Crazy. Yeah. Voice is Crazy. Yeah. So this is, this is when I used to walk, walk the Streets of Philadelphia. I walked from seventh. Well no, no. Yeah. I walked from seventh. No, fifth, fifth and South. All the way to Broad in Allegheny it was Rain. Right. I was on live too this day. Gil used to be like, that nigga crazy. What the is you doing? Because somebody like, yo man, your cousin walking down Floyd Street in the rain.


And he, because I be on live, I'm keep it all the way real. That's when I was like, alright, this nigga definitely got like six eggs in his car. Yeah. So, so Pete. So now That's one about your cousin. You can't even say Nah, He don't lie bro. He don't laugh. Like, and then you just in the ring, he walking and then you just see Broad Lehigh. Then you just see Broad Glenwood And it's, yeah, I, I'm talking about listening. You've been walking for an hour and a half? No, no. I had a route. I had a route that I used to take. It's just like tour. I had a route. So, so on and so on. Right. No peep peep. I'm listening to the music. Right. Yeah. And I'm listening to it so much. 'cause the music evoke emotion. That's how your music is evoke emotion to make fucking wanna cry and connect with they True. You know, they heart.


So I'm listening to it and listen to it. I'm like, this is my favorite artist. I had to on repeat, I ain't listening to nobody more than him. So I'm like, I gotta find this boy. So I hit somebody up on, on. So I'm on Instagram. I'm like, yo, I gotta meet this boy. So people from uk, London used to hit me like, yo, I just seen Sanford on the sub. Yeah. I mean this down the third. I told him about you, you know. Yeah. He just like you. He was chilling. He walk down the Whole street. He, yeah. Listen, he be chilling. So yeah. So when I finally, I, I went over there, shout out to TMA and Sice from YouTube. They was like, come over here man. Your birthday, we going to, we going to connect you with Samford. And then we connected. Evident. Then we been connected. Nick Was crying. They got introduced To Chris. I I seen that video. That's why I asked you Because his music helped me through it helped me through that Man was crying like that got in, introduced to Chris Brown.


Yeah. Listen. Yeah Man, that's my favorite artist. Right. That's my, listen this that nigga, he was looking at you nigga. No, no, No, no, no. On some real, on some real. No he ain't say that. But on some real, on some real, it's going to happen to you. Right. It's gonna happen to you. Right. And when it happened to you, when somebody you gonna be like, and this is what he told me. Yeah. He said that opened my eyes to really let me know what my music do. Yeah. And I never thought that. I, I didn't, I didn't, I never thought that it transcend like that. It be the moment and you gonna be like somebody really like, I'm really helping people. So after that he was just, man, we was just connected man. He pulled up on me right in north Philly.


Did an interview with me that hard when he came to Philly to do the tour. And then every time he in the country, he in the States we connect. Yeah. Shout out to Sanford too. Like, Like like shout out to him. Like he make great music and he be in his own pocket. Own pocket. Like, like you got your own pocket, your own sound to where you could be here and you come from a town, Teddy boys, men like you come. I'm talking about you had the Philadelphia International, all 'em great singers that came through there. Yeah. So you come from a town that's known for that. Hmm. So you got you, you have a chance that longevity long as you just stay true to your craft and continue to be you and stay in that studio. And matter of fact you don't have to, you can take the studio, put it in your two, in your backpack. Sure. And take it with you. So you got something. Man Michael and I was creeping.


I've been on that type of time with demons. You might need to give me on some backpack. No, no, no. Don't do that. Don't music up. You crazy. You Crazy bro. That's that, That just changed my life. Could Look deep in your eyes because I get locked in. Yeah. What's Your, what, what's your favorite song that you greeted? What's your Favorite song that I made? Yeah, of course you guys say the guy did and the little baby on that introduced me to everybody. But this song that Gillie singing changed my life. See I'm gonna keep it all the way real. I don't listen to God did like I listened to that Other. Yeah, That's cool. I'm gonna keep it all real. 'cause everybody was cool. They thought I Was, I listened to God did more for the hook.


Yeah. I'm gonna keep it all the way real with you. For sure. The the, the verse, they was cool but the hook is what made the song. Yeah, for sure. The, you know what I mean? I don't listen to God did like I listen to, I won't waste my, I won't waste no time when he comes to you. Put my pride aside. Give it up. Do you? Yeah. Me a Adlib or something. Nah but yeah his dad song though. 'cause God did everything else. It was like alright, he a feature guy. You know what I'm saying? He gonna last is he gonna last though, you know what I'm saying? And that was the first one that was like, that was mine. You know what I'm saying? Saying that was mine because nobody tell me. You know they trying to always count you out. You know what I'm saying? You a feature guy.


You talented. But we know you for the features but you Got bangers. Yeah. That's the first. You the baddest in the room. Yeah, we got baddest in the room. Bads in room For sure. Yeah. She, Yeah she recording the whole drum. She put on the camera team. She ain't put that She on point but No, but no, but no see see this what, what, what do you do sister Label? Yeah. She's part of my team. Listen, no, no, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. She don't have to do that. Yeah, she don't. So if you ever get a cameraman and he's not holding like that. Yeah. You don't gotta do it. Just call me. I'm gonna pull up and get that out. I'm I'm, I'm gonna get it right up out there quick. She hold, she holding the phone. She don't got to because you know why she's making sure she get content that she can clip up and get out there.


Yeah, for sure. You See what I'm saying? Yeah. But it'll be somebody that's cool that that supposed to be there to do it. To just be like I'm chilling. Yeah I'm chilling. I got my chain on. Huh? I'm a rapper too. I'm Waiting for my moment. I rap. I got a podcast in the clover line. You do any you oodle man. You got they own agenda bro. I was a Philly. I was a Philly two nights ago. I'm like yo, I couldn't even focus. I'm like yo, everybody really got they own try and get on the stage. I don't even know the lyrics like bro, Get the damn bro. That's why you, you need to. But They worried about how they looking for they like this. You don't even know the lyrics. I'm like bro, if you don't know the lyrics get the damn bro.


That's why bro you trying cool in front Of the video on some cool Beat bus beef up your security man you gotta beat BUS beef up. The security don't play no games with no Shout out. Jerry and Cliff. That little out there that He look like he ara the outta somebody. Yeah He be hungry. Yeah. This is what I'm saying though. Like the way you say that be sound spicy. It's Russell bro. It ain't Nora. This Isra be sound. He Ara. Yeah You Talking. I'm just saying. I'm just, I'm gonna Was you wrestling in jail? I'm just saying I was in jail wrestling. Yeah. It's Crazy man.


I ain't wrestl nobody by in jail though. Don't say that. Don't put that, that's crazy. Don't put that to be in jail. I got you. You not crazy. They got you like this in Jail. God. They doing it on purpose. They don't got no no beef though. Got you a lock. You in a jail wrestling. You on the floor and everything. He rans. Y'all sliding and slipping. Yo. That's crazy. That's like something already happen that's like, that's the introduction to the date. Like that's a wild Don't got no beef Touching on purpose. Ain ain't gonna hold you luck because if that happened to me jail, I would've never told you I would never let that get to the street street. You was wrestling like this. The chicken wing F block.


That's crazy. Yeah, that's crazy. You Like This. You like, Like you can't do nothing like it's over for you. If that hit the streets you done You tap it out like you're the UFC Nigga never let that hit. Squeeze it harder. You nigga got you with a chicken wing. Your leg hit your forehead. You screaming. Nah like yo. That's wild man. That's wild. Like that's some wild in jail. You wrestling in the jail. He throw you It's wrestling man. It's not wrestling. You wrestling my jail. He got you on the chicken wing and the joint. That's scary man. I would that me up. I'd have been done. You would've never let me lay down. You on the chicken wing on F block in the back, in the back cell. The whole, the whole lineup F block the back cell, the F you know what the F mean?


That's the dangerous that that's a part of a dangerous work. He had you in the on F block in the back cell and the chicken wing on the floor. Y'all were sliding around. Oh I'm done. That's some wild, That's crazy. Wrestling in jail. That's wild man. They sticker crazy man. So the album's out? Yeah. Yes. Favorite song on album? Proud of me featuring Meek Mill. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Because it's like, it's like, it's like a therapy session. You know what I'm saying? I free out that song and when I listened back to it I'm like, it's like a letter to my dad. You know what I'm saying? And you gotta think like I called Meek, I said I need you on this song. I knew he was gonna do it 'cause he already told me he lost his dad. So we on FaceTime.


He got to, I sent it to him. He listening on his side. He started getting the chills, you know what I'm saying? I'm like, I'm about to pull up on you New York tomorrow. And I pull up First thing he told me, bro I got writer's block. I ain't right in a minute bro. I ain't gonna lie. I got writer's block, you know what I'm saying? He cracked the Block. Yeah. Yeah. He was in the booth first two hours. Nothing. It was, he was trying to like find it for real like bro he told, he told the engineer don't let the hear me put that on mute out there bro. We was in the studio 11:00 PM to 11:00 AM He ain't leave the booth bro. Damn. He ain't leave the booth. He ain't ask for water. No nothing. I swear to God on everything I love Ask, you feel me.


He came out, we heard the verse, bro. I start, I was she tears, you know what I'm saying? Saying that was pain. So that that song right there, you know, you know you could like get features. You know what I'm saying? People you fans of and all that. That song right there is like therapy. You know what I'm saying? And how came together, that's my favorite jump. Yeah. That That, that's why we, First of all man, I just wanna properly say rest in peace to your pops bro. Yeah. Rest in peace to Pops Man. Rest in peace. What was your dad Name man? Fran LeBlanc Man. Say that again. Fran LeBlanc the most standup guy I ever knew in my life. You know what I'm saying? So Rest in peace to your pop man. Rest in peace to Meek Pop man. Yeah. You know what I mean? I'm glad that y'all was able to captivate the energy that was needed. Yeah, thank you Bro.


You know what I mean? Because I, I, I haven't lost my pop. I lost my son. I lost cousins, you know what I'm saying? And it still hit the same. Yeah, don't hit no different. You know what I mean? So I just want to commend y'all for that man. I'm gonna commend you for making a great album. I'm still in the process of listening. I ain't gonna lie. It's a lot of fucking songs. Juicy. And I started off on CD number two 'cause they're proud of me was first. Sure. Yeah. So, But it's a hot album man. Thank you bro. On fire man. Thank you bro. Man I'm glad that you went old school with him. Kind of double dis CD type of Yeah that's Me. Did you have physicals? Yeah, we got physicals. I, I signed all 'em. I be gonna label sign all.


Oh I don't think the double dis happened since Tupac or like that. I think, I think somebody had a double joint Somewhere. Drake did Scorpion. Oh yeah. Yeah. Drake did. Drake did Scorpion. Yep. Where he had the rap, all the rapping and the RB on the backside. Damn you right. Yeah, For sure. Real cd. Yeah So man shout out to D Drizzy too man. Yeah. Shout out Drake dre out all times. We Need that D Drizzy and Friday feature. Oh Man. Yeah. Get that. Get it together. Let's make that happen. You know what I mean? But we appreciate you man. Thank you bro. I appreciate y'all Being from Philadelphia, representing the town and just being special. Thank you bro. Being a special talent man and a good dude man. Yeah. First and foremost because you got a lot of that come from Philly.


That be special. But they just don't be good people. Yeah. You know what I mean? You a good solid dude. You got a good, Edgar is a solid dude. Nah, that's my brother. I ain't Gonna fucker tapping with me two times a week man. Yeah. Just to ask, ask my opinion. A lot of these you don't me knowing I'm I'm gonna give it to you now. I'll be hand. He be telling me like I know you heard make it home. You heard make it home. Absolutely. He be Telling me he be calling me man I need you. I need To know what you think about this. I'm gonna say this, I'm gonna say this. I'm gonna say this. Gil, one of the people in the music business, he got a phone full of and its crazy like he got so much. We be some when he be like, what's the name sent me this?


How they keep sending you like you a fucking engineer or somebody. Why they ain't send to me asking your opinion Like I'm not, no I was R nigga. I was like Damn. I asking him as Edgar when he played the record for me with you and Meek on FaceTime. I start crying right there on FaceTime. Told you told me. Yeah. Yeah. Like, yo, this is crazy. Like the line that really get me the most is when Meek say I give all the up to get Robbie back. Yeah. Bullshit. You know what I mean? That was everything. That was everything. 'cause I give all this up to get my son back.


Everything, you know what I'm saying? Facts. So I, I feel that that shit touch a different level of your soul. Right. And when you make music like that, bro, think about, think about all the music you make. It could be in weddings, you feel movies, funerals, funerals. This is Congratulations. This is all human. Yeah. Right. Fact, This Is all human. Somebody right now just lost somebody right now. Right now, right Now. That's the dms. I be getting Somebody right now at 1 21 just left out a funeral home and they ate the burial pro.


No, no, no, no. Right now. And their people's getting dropped in The ground. Let me show y'all something. Let me show you something right now. Yeah. Let me show you Somebody right now, parents is getting they money, right? To send their kid on a prom. Yeah. Somebody right now across the world is setting up a wedding. Somebody right now mine right in the bed. Hospital bed. I feel Me. I'm gonna show you my favorite site in the world. You see this? Watch this. This is called World Meters. This is the world population. This is how many births this year. This is how many people was born today? Yeah. 220. 202,000 in the world. Damn. Born today this How many deaths this year? 10.5 million people died this year. This how many deaths today?


95,000 in the world. Look, the ticker running right now is people dying right now. This world meters right now. 2 36, 2 38, 2 39, 2 40, 90 5,000, 2 44. That moving man. World meters. People are dying right now. Right Now I'm I'm every second is somebody dying man. You see that? Yeah. So your music connect with human Bro. The human organic life. Tragedies, celebrations. Yeah. You know what your fan beast is. Yeah, for Sure. Real people. And I'm gonna say this like shout out to Ry Wave. You know he one of the them people, when I went to his concert, I'm like Ry is a beast.


He's a beast. And and he, and not only that, he just like how you showed me like how many people dying? How many people in the club right now though? Right now as we speak, Nobody. Nobody. So when Ry people We in real life. Exactly. So when Ry and, and me making these type of songs, it's like it's special bro. Yeah. And one thing about Ry, he don't, he make real. Yeah. He don't make no art About real life. It's Like he just sit in and be like, I went through this today And they still play it in the club. Yeah. You might cry in the club. You was just listening to crazy joint. They throwing around. It is word for word. You Around all the shit they crying now. You know what I'm Saying?


Put that with the power of music man. Yeah. And I just want, man, like I said man we just wanna congratulate you. We always gonna salute you. Thank you bro. You know what I'm saying? We seen you come up, seen the elevation and we see where you headed. Thank you bro. It ain't over man. You got some big in front of you man. Yes. You got some. You special. I Just wanna tell you one thing. Stay focused. Stay focused. Just stay focused. Yeah. Just like I told you about the t take everything with a grain of salt, man. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? Just make sure you stay focused. Yeah. A focused Friday. Nobody can with you man. I believe that.


You Know what I mean? Motherfuckers can't in your space, nobody can with just like a focus. Drake. Yeah. Nobody can fuck with him in this space. A a focused Lil Wayne. Nobody with him. Yeah. A focus J Cole a focused Chris Brown. Nobody can with you when you focusing in your Space that that's not, that's not always true. You was, was focusing, you was trash, you was doing shows, You was doing shows at night. You was on Shows at strip clubs. Man. Not the, not the new joints, them old joints with the old white boys There. Stop laughing that hard. This nigga The first to do a tour in Hooters across America. He was doing, he was doing rap tours and Hooters. They was just letting coming there.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. He jumping up and down the, The girls dancing. I was gonna Tour. Yeah. Fuck is you talking about? Gil? The Key tour world. That's crazy. World tour coming to a city near you. Hooter's Alive. Sponsored by, lemme Ask your question. What's up now? What would you rather be doing World Tour This. Oh, mother Diddy World Tour Prison The fuck out Rock Diddy. I'm doing that. I'm no comments man. No comments man. Man. Free Diddy though, man.


Nah, I mean I don't wanna see nobody in jail, man. Yeah, legend. But you was in a penitentiary, man, doing talent shows, man. So you can't, you know what I mean? I did two. You go talk about my man. Yeah. And he won one too. For real. He tried to go back for before repeat. Nigga got him outta young boy, came to the jail, got him right out. That's another story that's get about Came into jail. Me and Hus worth a game Friday. And it's just like That. Right?