
Hey Million. dollars worth. Of game listeners You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube? Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right? You're now tuned into me, Me, me, me, me, me, me. Come on Man. Million dollars worth of a game.


This episode is brought to you by JackPocket JACKPOCKET. Duh. You feeling lucky? Lucky. We'll get ready to try Your luck with JackPocket Pocket, America's number one lottery app with JACKPOCKET. You can order Powerball and Mega Million tickets right on your phone. I mean, you just whip it out. Oh, whip it. Whip, whip. Yeah, I'm in, I'm in. I'm good. They even have official state lottery games every day. There are millions of grabs right on your phone. Once again, JackPocket America's number one lottery app right here And all the New customers can get a free lottery ticket using Code GILLIE. Yeah, that's GILLIE. Yeah. Use Code GILLIE. You get a free lottery ticket, you Get a free Powerball or Mega Millions ticket. Yes. Don't wait to download JackPocket now for your chance to win. Download it right now. Put in code GILLIE sock to your pocket like a rocket. Good luck JackPocket. Right Gambling problem. call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2 non withdrawable credit. Prize amount may differ at time of drawing terms. JackPocket dot com slash tos slash free dash ticket dash promo slash


I you know what, I'm just gonna be straight up with y'all, right? No, hold on. Fuck that. No, no, no, no. Hold up. Lemme explain. Lemme explain what I happened. Fuck. No, No. Lemme lemme explain. Lemme explain what I'm sitting in the car. Lemme explain what happened. No, because you gonna Remix. I'm sitting in the car in front of Wawa here. You What's up cousin? Nah, I'm cool. Right? I'm sitting in the car. Next thing I know, this little young boy come out like, yo GILLIE man, you might wanna go in there. These two white guys and wallow having words. I said, what? That nigga don't even have words with niggas. What you talking about? Like? I. Go in there. The white boys ready? Rough you the fuck up in there. I saved your fucking, No, let me explain what happened. Let me just explain what happened because I I you, I I thought this was gonna be one of em days. 'cause it was all, listen, it was already He Ready whoop your ass in there by em lemonades.


Now, now, now it's a possibility. That was a possibility now. And this is what happened. What You would've did, they've fucked you up. If they had to roughed me up and nobody seen, I wouldn't have got in the car too. I'd have got roughed up, dropped in the car, like yo, drop me off and I'd have went in the crib, took a nice hot soothing shower or bath, you know, mean to recuperate and I. don went to sleep all day. This ain't back in the day where you go look for people. I'm not no young boy. you know what I mean? So, and this ain't back in the day. I ain't gonna look for nobody and I ain't going, I ain't ain't Niggas would've beat your ass off by the leese in a Motherfucker. Ain't nobody was in there so nobody seen it or none of that. You know what I mean. So You would've went home and took a bath? I'd have went home, took a nice bath for hot joints. Saw.


Yep. I'd have recuperated. 'cause they was Big Bulls, right. These, these, They was a big ass, they Was big You know what I mean. So they, so I know it had been a lot of body and fender work 'cause I was right there in the corner. So they probably tried to rough me up through there to put me next to the, the, the, the lemonade out, all that shit. So I said they threw You all through the, I already processing it and shit. But listen, this is what happens. So I'll go in there. I got my earphones on Like, I always do. So I bumped dude. But I, I I thought I, I'm, I'm like damn, excuse me. Right. But I guess I ain't say it loud enough 'cause I had my earphones on. So as I'm walking he like tapped me like, yo man. So when I turned around I'm like, excuse huh? I'm like, what's going on? he said, man, you fucking bumped me, this and that. I said, yo, I said, excuse me. he said, no the fuck you didn't. So when he said this bull come over right, like what's going on?


So I just said, and and, and I will say this, I will say this. That was a, a mishap on my joint. I asked him, I said, yo, what you coming over here for? I thought that was a joint that was going initiate some type of fear or some type of like, damn my man ain't, my man ain't with the shit. he said, what the fuck you mean while I'm coming over here for? So now I'm just so, so, so the young boy peeped it. He peeped a little jaw. I'm saying no. So, so, so immediately I ain't gonna front immediately. Once I seen that his aggression, his aggression superseded mines, it was a little more aggressive than mine. At that moment. She was bitches. No, no, no, no. At that moment. At that moment I just was preparing how this shit might turn out. So that's when I started thinking about, damn I'm had to go home, take a hot bath.


So how young boy knew to come out to the car and Tell me? 'cause he seen the way the boy came. Dude, listen, listen when this homie came and I'm like, damn, what you coming over? he said, what the fuck? you know he seen, he heard the aggression. How he knew I was in the car Because he must, he must have peeped. He must have because he was, when I came in, he was like near the door. So he might might've seen you remember when I got out the car, I was saying something to you like through the window. So he might've peeped. So he knew I wasn't by myself, but he was too thin to win. He couldn't help me out. So I'm sitting there and I'm like damn, because I'm in the back and I'm like, and I'm saying to myself, why did I even say something to this guy, The Other guy a bitch. So now I'm Like. I'm like, so, so now I'm trying to listen. I'm trying to re listen. Listen, I'm trying to represent my toughness in a more common way. I'm like no I see.


you know what I'm saying? Like what's going on? I mean Like, I try to do that. That shit still ain't work. Which yo watch. He was like, dude when he hit me with the joint, why you hollering watch your join? Because you know Philly white boys is different. Yeah. They like from down the way. So they got the whole thing sl like watch him. Like come on man. What you getting all that? I'm like damn. So this ain't the, this ain't the average Savage. This ain't the regular, regular Ronnie. This another boy. So I know they was gonna dust me off in the corner. Right. So outta nowhere. Gil come in. Yo, what's up cousin? So the one boy they, I'm pretty sure they knew who I was but they And them niggas turn around. Killer. What's up man? Man that's my cousin. What's up? Oh all right. I'm just saying they I back them niggas Down. So at that time I ain't gonna front at that time Because come see No, No, no, no, no.


At that time I ain't gonna front. I said, I said cousin would you come here? I got that. I tried, I got it, I got this right. But I whole time, the whole time only thing I'm thinking about was healing. I said I gotta heal. I'm gonna have to heal. I'm had to sit out a couple days because I said if they rough me up I can't get it. People no good morning. I can't give 'em that all kid it up my joint like this. They gonna be like damn what happened to Wildo? Right, because I'm listening on some real stuff. This was an innocent mistake. Only thing I did was bump the Doy. He ain't hear how because I was whats naming but I really thought I said that was gonna be some body offender. They Was. Yeah they was gonna bust your fucking wig in that joint. Yeah, they was going, they was going work me out man. I, Yeah we got back to, we got back to doing interviews. We going do a couple motherfucking podcasts by ourself.


'cause y'all been begging for us to do some podcasts by ourself. I was almost wasn't gonna make it. Yeah he was a fool. You bitch ass do the tasty cakes and shit. You know we did. We tell a lot of people to call in man. 'cause a lot of people always got questions for us. Gil, I'm ing you know I'm trying to get Gil to get back to the dm. you know how I used to answer the questions in the dm but I said I gave everybody Stole my shit Man. Yeah they did. Everybody think they did. Everybody Running around here. Free game, free game, free game. Them made me not even wanna get game out no more. 'cause if motherfuckers, first of all, lemme just say this. If anybody could say free game, free game, free game and get motherfuckers to listen to 'em, but they ain't really even saying nothing. Like I ain't, But they ain't got nothing to do with you. I want you to go back to that.


But what we did is we put a number out there, let people call. So we gonna let y'all hear some of the call us and we gonna give 'em some answers. Yo wild on GILLIE man. This your boy man. And this my question yo. So it's this girl man like she fuck with me heavy, you know what I'm saying? She pretty, but she a little bit chunky. Not nothing crazy but she a little bit, a little bit bigger than what I, what I would prefer. you know what I mean 'cause I'm in shape. I go to the gym and I out stuff, you know what I'm saying? But she been rocking with me for a long time, you feel me? And, and I've been coming up and you know what I'm saying, my situation better and now I'm doing good. Her situation, she, I just feel like she not on my level in every aspect but she fuck with me heavy.


Like, and I know with the higher up I get, the less I'm going. It's going to be people who just genuinely fuck with me. So it's like am I settling if I, if I be with her because I feel like it's just I need a girl who just on on a certain level and I just feel like she don't got it in her to be at that level. don don't know. I let me know something I want, I really wanna hear GILLIE opinion but I know Wallo going come with, I know Wallo gonna come more clear to me. So I don't know. I'd rather hear both of y'all opinion. For real. For real. Oh yeah. And peace of love man. Love y'all platform. You already know that. I'm watch every episode.


We ONT everything since the beginning. Man. you know that Jersey tapped in? You want me to call him or you want to just give it to him right here? You can call him. See if he answer. you know what I mean.


This episode of million dollars worth a game is brought to you by DraftKings. The best part of football season is checking out the post game stats. Yes. Which wide outscored? More than two tds. Which QBs the roof for less than 350 yards. Mm. Which Demon Lyman had two or more sacks. Now if you think you could pick who will do what before kickoff. You gotta play pick six from DraftKings official daily fantasy partner of the NFL. It's simple to get started. First download DraftKings, pick six app, then select between two and six players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat like yards, touchdowns, sacks and more trade your picks for a sh no track your picks for a shot at a huge cash prize. That's all there is to it. And for the first time, pick six players. Check this out. New customers bet $5. Just play $5 on your first pick set and get 50 in pick six credits. That's $5 on your first pick set and you get $50 and pick six credits. What Are, you Waiting for download. DRAFTKINGS right now to Crown is yours right? Right Gambling problem call one 800 GAMBLER must be 18 and over. Agent eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction void were prohibited. One per new customer non withdrawable Pick six credits expire in six months. Limited time offer see terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


See if a nigga answers the answer. Your call has been forwarded to voicemail. The person you're trying to reach is Is a. So alright so you can look at this in two ways. Okay. You said yo, I really fuck with her. I know she there for me. She a little chubby. You feel what I'm saying? you know I'm, I'm I I done glowed up. I done. So you saying she was good enough to fuck with you when you wasn't glowed up but now you glowed up and she not good enough to fuck with you. I understand she a little chubby bro. You could go ahead and put the motherfucker Michael Knight, Ferra motherfucker Michael Knight kid on her man.


you know what I mean? That shit don't cost no money If you glowed up, go ahead and put the Michael Knight kid on and get a look at how you wanna look. You feel what I'm saying? Or you could approach it like this man. Some women in life and some niggas in life, they coming to your life. They only stepping stones. You feel what I'm saying? There's a lot of niggas out here right now that's laid up with a bitch that he's not going be with in the future, but he ain't got no choice right now. So he going to lay up with that motherfucker. You feel what I'm saying? So it's, it is different ways you can approach this. Some people, some, some women. Right now it's a woman right now a shitload of women right now that's in relationship with niggas that they don't wanna be in relationships with. But that nigga pay bills than the last nigga.


He pay bills way better than the last nigga that she thought was cute. Cute nigga had the, had the clearly head, had the waves. He but that nigga ain't paying no bills. She was in love with that nigga. She only in like with the nigga she with. But guess what, he pay bills way better than Do she see herself with that nigga for life? No she don't but he just a stepping stone until she get her motherfucking shit together And then you know. So every relationship ain't forever. you know what I mean. But if she was there for you and she was able to fuck with you when you was down, you might consider keeping her, you know what I mean because she wasn't too chubby for you when you was fucked up. But now you got a couple dollars man, she a little chubby man. We'll go ahead and send her un the motherfucking Michael Knight kid.


Get a done up man. That's all you going to do is go out here and get a business done up anyway. He's so That don't really mess with you like that anyway. Don't really fuck with you Right. Gonna knock you for your money and you gonna keep man, you better keep her. I'm gonna say the same thing Gil would've told you so check out into somebody else. What up Wallo? What up GILLIE? Shout out to y'all boys man. This your boy Tyler White. I left a message last year on episode 1 0 5 with Lil Yachty. Y'all posted my shit. Get what? But I folk got on my baby mama ass boy. She called me the next day, a day later gave me full custody of my son. You feel me? I've been trying to thank y'all boys man. I really appreciate what y'all did for me. I can't be thankful enough.


Y'all need to check y'all dms man at Ocean Boy Tyler. Tyler White man. What time in the building man? Thank y'all again man. I got my son back checking y'all to family court bro. Y'all need to open up y'all own family court joint bro. Y'all did your thing bro. I appreciate that. In the building. That's major. Let me see if I call him. Yeah we gave him some game. Got his boy back Open. Open up our own family court. That's deep. I can see me there. Hello? What's up man, That's crazy. Wildo This Wildo and GILLIE man. What Wildo What? I been waiting on you man. What's happening? You got your boy back? Huh? I got my son back man.


I been DMing both of y'all. I swear to God since the episode A please lemme tell y'all how that shit went down bro. Tell us brother, Tell us What up GILLIE. What's Up Nate? I got a call, I got a DM from my partner. Yeah on Facebook and he hit, he said, he said it was like eight in the morning. he said was that you on MD WOG? I say what the hell is that? I ain't like it was my partner though. I was like yeah. He was like but you a real one but salute you for being you. I swear to God I ain't know what he was talking about though. I had no idea. Now keep in mind I get the, I get the, the voicemail, you, you, you, you say leave the voicemail.


That was like a month prior but to the, you know when the episode airs. So one night I was frustrated this during Covid I ain't heard nothing from her or him. I'm calling her mom trying to get in touch with her gi you know how they is? Yeah. Strong acting ass. you know what I'm saying? What block him? Block her. Call her sister. Tell her we gonna tell her. We gonna tell her to call you. She mad at me. Yeah, she furious with me. Yeah, she really was furious with me 'cause I know my baby mama believed in me but hold on. Why she circumstances, why she was furious in you. Of course, you know we left, we left Iraq as defense contractors during 200,000 a year. Yeah I done told her we can leave this shit and go home and I can go and take this shit over.


Yeah. And I made those promises and I was there. The night spot was doing 50,000 a month. I was good. So if you look at it like you done came home and got into this mess, you see what I'm saying? Not understanding that, you know it's that Nipsey vibe when you, when you trying to win in your hometown, that's the most dangerous for a cat. you know what I mean? And that's really was a same similar scenario. It wasn't, it wasn't deadly but it was just a traumatic event by somebody that I knew sitting right up under me that was jealous of me. So she furious with me. Now I done made her Walk away from 200 I don Walk away from 200. So we doing 400 year. We don't Walk away from this. And those opportunities don't just present themselves readily, you feel me? So she furious.


We had already been going back and forth about it and keep it real. She was already, you know, being a co-parent, she wasn't keeping the baby away from me at that point. But it got to that point when, you know, after the fire it was like, oh hell no I done got her in some country shit. And that's basically how she concluded it. Okay. So I imagine she got furious, COVID happened and I just, we just, she just broke contact. I wasn't hearing from her. I couldn't get in touch with her. It wasn't no, she didn't want no money. She was just mad as fuck. So then You came on the podcast So, so I so gu leave a message. You got a problem with somebody in Philly Call me. I'm drunk mad at home when I left a message. Yeah I ain't, I I left a phone number. I put her address on there. I did.


I I wasn't thinking, you feel me? Yo man come on. Yeah so out the blue one day I get a call from her. Keep in mind I hadn't spoke to her almost nine months. I ain't spoke to her. She called me. She like what the fuck you got going on? I'm like what the fuck you got going on? I ain't talk to you in nine months. Don't call me asking me what the fuck I got going on. You ain't lemme talk to my baby. Where the fuck is my son at? Yeah. She like yo, why the fuck you got these people calling me? I said who calling you? What going on? Yeah. Why she screenshotted me and text messages you broke. Bu ass bitch let that nigga see his son. You dirty whore. You ought to be glad you got somebody want that baby. You better let him see I'm talking about man they was eating ass up talking crazy.


Another nigga like yo you don't want your baby daddy. I'll take that baby. What's happening? You feel me? I'm oh hell them bro said what the fuck you did? I still put it together. Then I thought about the damn DM I got on Facebook. I said oh shit, I went on YouTube and seen the fucking episode. I'm like oh hell no Melissa you on a million dollar mworthofgame with GI and Wallow. She's Like I know you God damn well didn't do that shit. I said I did. You should answered the damn thump. Get what you said. you know what you said What? You right. Come and get him. And I'm sorry I swear to God we Got your son back Nick. That's right. We got son back.


We got his Man. Man I sent y'all dms. I tagged y'all. I I just, I mean I been trying so hard man look that was almost a year and a half ago. I got full custody of my son. She said keep him man I was wrong. I shouldn't have done It. I was frustrated and me and her 100 now she called. We all good. I mean I swear to God I thank y'all bro from the bottom of my heart. I thank y'all. I swear to God I've been trying to thank y'all nigga. I swear to God I done hit y'all dms thousands of times man. About four. This I Don to get people that know y'all that follow y'all out, hit them up and told them to hit y'all up like yo, I got full custody of my son because of this damn podcast bro. And I know y'all doing y'all thing. Y'all reaching out, y'all winning but there ain't nothing y'all did bigger than that because I'm telling you man, y'all know them Philly women bro.


She don't play. I was nothing I can do. How did you, how did get with her? How did you, How did you meet her? She Just, I just, I mean again she unblocked me and called me based off the, No I'm talking how did you first meet her? 'cause Philly girls don't play. How did you first meet her? I Met her in Kuwait. I met her in Wai as a defense contractor. Right. She came to the base, everybody wanted it. It wasn't but like 10 women on the base you feel me's like look not only she, she liked that. She liked that. So this girl making this paper and she liked that. you know many, many niggas was going at her for real. I did My thing so check it out. She get off the bus one day acting weird. She acting weird. She get off the bus. I stepped to her, she look at me crazy, I look at her crazy. So the next day I go up to the bus. I ain't got no tough shit to say to yo tough ass girl.


I just put her heart on the window. The little ashy ass window's ashy in Kuwait. you know what I mean? That bitch need to be washed. You know what I mean? Like you know what it is. Put a heart on the window the next day. That was that. She, she never looked back. None of them other cats stood the chain. I do what I do. You feel I do what I do. you know what I cat digging, you know. And I, I do what I do now. I a lot of cats was mad at me. you know Like I stop playing with me. First of all, y'all already know how this shit goes. Y'all ain't fucking nothing over here. I'm fucking so cut this shit out. I got it. You got it's over with. And I know you hurt. Not only are you hurt 'cause I got a batty nigga she making the same thing we making, We gonna look at somebody of call as man we, We Left to do that. We left to do that and then we went up to Iraq and started making more money way Money We Making we gotta go.


Listen, we happy that that we looked out for you. We helped you get your son back. Reconnect. We gotta answer some of these other what's names. But man keep going bro. Man, straight up man. Salute y'all boys man. All Right brother. Much love, much love. Yeah nigga had rap city man I'm lucky you enough but you did alright. You going He wasn't playing. He going some old, well he said he play. They was mad at me 'cause I was fucking all you going to somewhere else. He Went to player mode. He was, he went to Mack mode. Yeah He, he thought he was motherfucking Billy D. Williams or some Fucking that motherfucker. you know he activating anything.


Warning tobacco smoke increases the risk of lung cancer and heart disease even in non-smokers. This episode of me and O mworthofgame is brought to you by Swisher Sweets. Swisher Sweets knows you are all about to level up and so are they with a family of brands that provide a smoke for any sesh with Swisher. Sweetss is more than a sesh. It's a refresh Ignite an icon with Swisher Sweets savor, hand selected pipe tobacco with BLK Elevate your smoking experience with legend or kick back and enjoy America's broad leave aged for two years and leave. Whether you're gathering your crew for a sess or having a smoke alone. For a moment of reflection, refresh your sess. We Swisher Sweet right Right here.


Hey Wallo, I'm a upcoming artist outta Atlanta. I just feel Like I be getting blackballed. you know I just wanted to know how should I go about it? you know you want you give could gimme some advice on You know what I should do. I'm gonna say this. When it comes to somebody saying they be getting blackballed when they doing music, I think can't nobody stop you if you got, if you got a phone, like if you got a phone, you got all these platforms. Don't nobody control the platform. Instagram, not black balling you Twitter, not black balling you TikTok not black balling you YouTube not black balling you, you got all these platforms where you can get your thing off. I think when you doing your thing, stop looking for people that you gotta get a co-sign a run by because like good music is the co-sign.


If you doing some good music, you got good music, you got good content, you got your merch, you got your website, you going your thing. That's all that you need. I think a lot of times, I think a lot of times we be looking for, a lot of times it don't even be like we really trying to get on and get on. Sometimes we be wanting acknowledgement from the people that we listen to who music we listen to. We want them to posters or we want do a song with them or we wanna hang around with them or being around in the backstage with them. I don't even think it'd be really about that because you could put your music out for everybody in the world to have access to it. You could put your video out for everybody in the world to have access to it. But you gotta be able to ask yourself as you doing everything that you need, everything that's necessary enough to be out there. Because can't nobody shut down call.


Can't nobody call YouTube Instagram and say you know, whatever or you can't play these stuff or whatever unless you sample somebody's stuff and they ain't got the proper licenses. Other than that you can't, like can't nobody blackball you When you, when you good, when you talented, when you got good music, when you got a good product, can't nobody blackball you but you and everything that's meant to happen to you, God already put that in the programming. So if if you, you just gotta go about it. Now a lot of people do make an excuse I'm not on because of this. I'm not on because of that. I'm not on because, and then you gotta say to yourself what did you do and who are you for somebody that had to blackball you. That's all I'm saying. But you, you know, I think you just gotta keep going and stay focused because all these platforms you got your stuff on there, all you gotta do is keep doing your thing.


Oh Why you got four phones bro? Oh that's for all type of stuff. I got all type of stuff on there Bro. You got four Phones? Good morning man. This is home run. I was wanting to know who named y'all's podcast Million dollars, mworthofgame, Million dollars. mworthofgame was the saying. I've been saying for a long time I give a million dollars mworthofgame for free. I got an album called me and Osworth a game and me and Osworth a game was something I started giving up on Instagram to the youth back in 2012 when it was only 15 seconds of video.


So that's how that went. Next one, How do you blow up in the game where everybody want to hear crash out music when that's not the type of music that you make? Lemme say this to you Neff. he said, how do you blow up in a game where everybody wanna hear crash out music nph Majority of the people in the world don't even listen to crash out music. I just think that it's overly marketed and if you look at, and if you look at it on, if you look at true database sometimes y'all don't get to see the inside numbers. I be seeing inside numbers, like behind the scene numbers, like where you gotta put a code in and go in there to real see the real number. A lot of these dudes don't be streaming as much as you think it is.


It just be heavily marketed to you. So you think everybody listening out to crash out music, crash out music is a small journey of artists, you know that's really making that. But when you look at the songs that's really doing like this, it's not crash out songs. It's real music that connect with different type of generations. It connect with different races, different backgrounds and you know different cultures. So you can't just say that because you might be an environment where it seem like that's what's getting attention. Attention but it's not going. And everybody and Like, I keep saying everybody do not listen to crash out music. There's a lot of artists out here that's just doing their thing when you doing your music and just putting it out. Look at La Russell, LA Russell just doing his music and putting it out. He ain't waiting, he ain't asking for no permission.


You got Simba, you got a bunch of different artists that's just putting their music out and it's just connecting and it ain't crash out. Larry June you got a bunch of artists that's just doing them. I think we living in a time now where though if you really about this music stuff and you really wanna do it, just put it out, put it out and but, but, but continuously market it. Because I see that a lot of people will put their music out, they'll promote, they'll post it once or twice and if the people that they know don't repost it, what's the name, they'll panic and say, oh I'm done. Like, like they don't market it enough. First Of all, you just, you just said something key. You, you called and you said something key that you didn't even check your cell phone. You said how do you blow up in the, in the town where everybody making crash out music?


Well I'm a person that said everybody doing that, I'm doing this. What we talking about you. We always say everybody do what everybody do. You gotta figure out who you is. I was a person that I didn't want to be everybody. You want to be everybody. No, you wanna do something different. So if you doing something different, how can you believe that everybody may crash out music when the world is, the world is fucking huge man. Nobody ain't listening to that shit like that crash out music ain't controlling the charts bro. So at the end of the day you do, you ain't even supposed to be worrying about what everybody else doing. That's your first mistake.


your first mistake is you worrying about what everybody else doing. If you worrying about everybody, what everybody else doing, how you gonna truly do yourself. Think about that. You can only be yourself and truly be who you are when you don't give a fuck what nobody's doing. Oh I like that music, I like what they doing over there. I like that. I don't like that but I really don't give a fuck because I'm so consumed in what I'm doing that I ain't got time to worry about what everybody else is doing. So be you. Yo, what up my name Trey, I'm 17. I pretty much got a question about when you go through so many hardships in life and you live in the hood, you got these big ass dreams type shit and you just wanna manifest it.


Well even though you do, you manifest it, you know what's gonna happen but there's always some bullshit and obstacles getting in the way or some people type shit. How you overcome that pretty much also and get again y'all some peanut head ass niggas no dick Little 17-year-old ass nigga Let me tell you something dog. Even when you manifest your dreams and you become everything that you wanted to become, you still gonna have obstacles in your way. We go through obstacles every day and we still trying to manifest our dreams. We, we've accomplished some goals but we still got obstacles and things and shit that get in the way every day.


So it that's life. Life going life. But it is all about if you gonna let life beat you the fuck up, put you in the butt naked, rushing, head locked or is you going get the fuck up and fight back and keep it moving. The winners is the one that keep it moving.


This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by New. Amsterdam Vodka. Dan Bacca. Now life ain't on your way. Shout a New. Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your woman cheating today. Shout a New. Amsterdam Vodka. You thought your check was coming but it didn't come your way. Shout a New. Amsterdam Vodka. Is it still five times? It's filtered three times for clean. Chris finish. You could drink it straight up on a rock's juice soda. You could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule like two. That's up to you. Yeah, to chop to New Amsterdam. Queen always got the girlfriends over making mixed drinks and cocktails and so shout out to the new Amsterdam queen Tootie. But when you out and about at your local liquor store, don't you walk past the new Amsterdam? Don't you do that shit? You scoop it up like a funboy at the go line, get it. Boop. Ah, take it home and you drink it anywhere your choice. New Amsterdam Vodka the official vodka of Barstool Sports. And as you can see, we've been sipping. I wouldn't tell you to do something I wouldn't do. New, Amsterdam Vodka get you something.


All right. Hello. Good morning. While I was calling to ask for your advice, I wanted to know how do I go about starting a woman's group? I wanna reach out to young women, older women, middle aged women, single mothers, whatever, just to get together and help build each other up. Yeah, so that's my question. I think sister, I think sister, the best way to start is just you could start in your community. You start in your community and you find people that's going through the, you know, whatever they might, it ain't even gotta be struggles, some, you know, just some, sometimes we just need to be around people. That's just, you know, that's just positive and encouraging.


So I think you just start with people. You might work with people, you might be in the community. Y'all could just meet up in the house or meet up at the park or wherever you at or meet up at the rec center or the library. And I just, I think it start from that. After, after you do that word of mouth will get around, y'all start building things up, you know? And then y'all get bigger spaces, invite more women. But I just think it's going, it is going go from word of mouth and you know, word of mouth and just starting. I think a lot of times we have ideas and we don't really start, we just be talking about it so much. But when you start, it seem like, and you don't gotta know what you doing when you start. 'cause a lot of us don't know what we doing. We just start things to get demo motion. Once you start getting that traction and then it'll pick up and then more people will tap in.


What was going on brother? Say from Michigan, man, I'm trying to figure out, you know, how many times has Wao had to use some of that karate Earl, you feel me? Some of that karate Earl tar. You feel me? How many times has he used it and was it successful? I needed a backstory, you feel Me? Well I will say, lemme know something. I will say this. Me being a 13 time black belt, fuck Outta here. Pink belt. I, I once got pulled over by the police and I was getting back down by a guy. He was a little bigger than me. I was on the street. It was, it was ready to be a street fight. And as I was getting back down, I, I tripped over, tripped over like this, this stoop thing that was right there.


I tripped, you know what I mean? And when dude went to go swing on me, I rolled over so quick he fell. Police seen it, they came over. So when they came over they realized who I was. you know, I'm not, it ain't in this age, it was younger 'cause they knew I used to walk with Earl all the time. 'cause Earl used to always have these conversations with the police. Every time they come through, hey they be talking. Earl Was a fucking rat From, no, I wouldn't say that. I wouldn't, I wouldn't say that. Why He always having conversations with the police Though? They just knew Earl I think, you know, 'cause 'cause Earl was in the, earl was in the service and all that. The nine and all. He was back in the day boy. So I, you know, sometimes they might have served with him or whatever, but he always had, so they seen me. They knew. They knew who I was and they basically told me like listen. And I, and I was, you know, 'cause the one guy was laughing, he said, can't be using that on guys out here.


you know you're licensed. And I never forgot that like that fuck outta. No, no, no. They knew license. They knew they, they knew my feet was licensed. Man You wanted to be a fucking, what was them niggas that used to ride the cell? Guardian angels. Man listen, you used to be a fucking guardian. Now listen, the guardian angels, the guardian angel worked You the fuck out that time? No he didn't. But listen, listen, listen nigga tell me stop smoking, Smoking end at the end of the day. Listen, a lot of times I didn't have to use it 'cause people got scared when I got in my stance. So when I made noise, because a lot of times martial arts is mostly about the noise. It's about noise control and whoever to make the, the most intimidating noise. Motherfuckers get scared, he knows something. So a lot of times I ain't had to activate it. But it was two different times I would put some leg. It was two different times that he was with us while I took some firearms from some guys.


No, what about what the fucking guardian? No, no, no. Fuck all that was fucking running pussy. Fuck all that. The time he got slapped in laundromat. So I had this laundromat hustle, right? There's no bullshit. So back in the day I used to bag, bag up groceries at the market and I had a laundromat hustle. So I'm in the laundromat and GILLIE always wanted be tough. He come in there, I'm in there. I ain't gonna front, I ain't gonna front. I was young so I had a hustle. I used to fold clothes up in the laundromat. 'cause this was back again before they had the washing folds. you know all the spots that they got now where you could just go and get your shit wash and fold. Shit. They didn't have that shit back in the day. So I'm in there chilling, watching it. I will, I will admit this wasn't in the jail. This was on the streets. I was a Maytag. So I'm folding up the la so you'll come especially the old heads to get money. They dropped they stuff off this third.


It was me and this little young girl that used to work in here. Right. Matter of fact, at that time I really had a business that was the first washing cold in Philly. She was working for me basically. So, no, I'm gonna say she young. She was like my age old. She might have me by a year, but still she came in there wanting to hustle with me. So she'd be posting up, we'd be cleaning up and all that. So Gil come in there with some cool shit. So he talking and we in there talking this and that third. So the old head came in there and when the old head came in there, he marked, he marked the floor up. 'cause we was, I'm I'm vicious mop boy before jail and jails is might be the most cleanest place in the world. The fuck out. What Let me tell you something. Nobody clean up more than jail. All day dudes get out there. They just clean up the no cleaning up. Where else did they do that shit at? Nowhere. But I, I'm gonna say this.


So I'm cleaning up in the joint. This is before I was in the joint too. So I'm cleaning up. And so GILLIE had to say something to the old head 'cause he walked on the floor. I'm like bro it's not no beep because I'm one of them dudes old Head. Oh hold, hold up, hold up, hold up. No. So he said some shit. He young old head come through, he got trench coat on. Anytime I seen the old head with a trench coat on there. Either had a gun, he was dangerous or he wasn't to be fucked with. He just got a trench coat on for no reason. Was a worked out. He had a nasty trench coat stick. He had some workout butt naked Timms on the jaws with no, with no collar on him. So you know he's dangerous. Anybody that wear butt naked timms in the history of the ghetto, they one of the most dangerous motherfuckers in the ghetto. And you leave them alone. That's rules. That's rules. He had the butt nakeds on and he had 'em tied tight.


Like he had 'em tied so tight. They both sides and touching each other. He was like the strange beat and they was worked out. So I'm like this motherfucker like he, he be boxing in them. He be running in them. He do all type of shit. Like he done ran from 15 different police districts. These were serious. he said something to him. I'm like damn. 'cause I'm in the back. I'm like, first of all, you come in my place of business. I'm in here hustling. There's a laundromat. He used the full close for a couple dollars. No. So what, what So what So what? That's my place of business because back in the day, see y'all know the laundromats, they didn't have nobody working at joint. They just make sure you they was, they was. I mean this is on 17 wing hacking. You ain't got All the old heads used to do was give 'em a couple dollars. So to make sure the motherfucker don't come and steal these shit, No they didn't. I was running Thet had Sundt my suits and shit in There.


I don had old laundromat back in Don No fucking laundromat. I used to make sure, sure everything was Cool. Fucking Was. I had a business back in the day. I was a young boy Put trash bags for the motherfucker old heads to come pick Shit shit up. Who else was what? No you ain't nobody was in there but me and me and shorty. So listen, he gonna say something in the old head. Old head said this shit, I'll never forget it. he said, who the fuck you talking to Young blood? What? I say no ho. Yeah you said it's a smart shift. But anytime a old head, first of all his attire say don't fuck with him. His attire say I'm not playing. My life is on the line. don don't know if he was sleeping in the car, sleeping behind the dumpster or sleeping with one of the homies moms fucking the brakes off with just 'cause just to live. Right. But he wasn't playing. He had a dirty mustache and all that.


This dude say something to him. I'm I'm, I'm taking it as a L. He walked on the floor. I'm like, I'm just gonna mo it and keep moving. I ain't going listen, I'm standing down sometimes you gotta know when to hold and when to fold him. This was the time when to Walk away and when a run. So I'm like, damn Mario, I'm gonna take the L man, what the fuck you doing? Why you know, he say why you walking on roll over here, you on some nut shit. he said, who the fuck you talking to Young Blood. At that moment I immediately removed myself outta the conversation bitch and went back over there to checking on the dryer to making sure everything was cool. Because one thing about me, I'm not one of these these new age boys all that my day, ones my day, my day one could easily be my day none. When they do some dumb shit and it involve me and have an altercation that's unnecessary. 'cause he always wants some.


I'm like, they ain't got nothing to do with me. I talk short. Just go over there. Don't worry about it. We doing our little thing. 'cause I'm working. I'm at my business I'm at, and if anything happened to anybody in here, I'm responsible. Peeking from my tribe. So, So he said some dumb shit. Listen, Go back and Forth shit. So, so listen, I will say this. Listen, GILLIE knew that it was real, right? Because old head go to slap him, right? There's no bullshit. He ain't going, he gotta admit this. He didn't slap him. But when he go to hit GILLIE, GILLIE was quick. So GILLIE dipped back. Listen, GILLIE dipped back when he dipped back. Oh. 'cause old head came through. He went, who the fuck you talking to? Young blood, yo nigga. So he go over there, he walk over to Gil, Gil think he tough. Gil Gil the decide of a motherfucker. Somebody he the size of a, of a ankle of a of a, of a short person ankle.


This motherfucker short. So he talking, yo that motherfucker went over there, there and when I seen him do like this and that trench crow slid open like this, like a, like a cake. I said, He Ready slap the shit out again. I turned around Like I because if you don't see nothing, that's your people. If that's your homie, you don't see nothing. It's like, oh, I ain't even see what happened. You see it, you about Listen. So listen, I'm Like I don't know what, because what he did like this and went open his, his, his trench coat went open like that, like a cape. I said, damn he done. So I'm like this. So, so listen, he go to hit Gil and, and because I turned around, I was watching, but I would've told him I wasn't. He go to hit Gil. Gil do like this. Gil dipped back. So he hit Gil like right here in the chest.


'cause he was trying to slap, he was trying to slap the, the salala Outta his mouth. He was to trying to slap me to Alabama. Man. So, so, so once he, he like this Gil Smith vest, he, he spun and slid out that door. He ran out the door o and said, yeah mother. So o run outside. So I ain't go front. I went and locked the door. So I go lock the door. I'm like, listen, because I'm like, yo, cool now he outside, he don't need to run back in here. Yeah. One thing he knew when I got to that door, O head wasn't catch him. Even Gil Red, right? So I locked the door. I'm like, listen. So I see his brother, he run outta the street. So he come back. Oay must have went to go do whatever he gonna do. But O head, oh head. I never used to seen him around this. So I don't know if he was around it. So he wasn't sure if he was going to tell his dad whatever. So I'm just like, I'm just like, you know what, I locked the door.


So GILLIE will come back. He kicked the door. Like open the fucking door. I'm Like I. Listen. I go to the door. I ain't gonna lie. I go to the door. I'm like, he all looking back, I'm Like I. Like I'm making sure all around outside. he like this because listen, it was all glass around it, but you had to the bar behind it. So you come break and get in. I'm like open the fuck door. So we don't open the door. I'm just making sure nobody. So as soon as I open, I'm like, I'm opening it real quick. I open it real quick. Come in. He got in, I locked it back up. I said, yo man, been so, so I hit it with the jaw. I ain't go for it. I said, yo man, what happened? Man fuck. Hey, why you ran outside the door? Right? I ain't waiting the door. I see that he tried to slap, slap life out him, right? He won slap fire, earth, wind and fire out of him. Right? So I'm like, man, listen, 'cause listen, you know what I just don't think that it's your, it is my problem.


If it's your problem and it's just a one-on-one, like why do I have to get involved? Why do, and then I got the little Slimmy did. And then, and then so, so when he come back, I ain't gonna run. When he come back and he telling me, he like, man, you know, oh, I said, what he try to do what? Because I had to front for her. you know what I mean? But I was, I was, that was all, first Of all, she knew you was front. 'cause both of y'all was peeking from No, I don't think she thought, she thought, I didn't know both was Like this. Because my reaction, I thought I, I, I listen, listen, I will say this, I will say this. I ain't gonna front. I ain't gonna front. She might have seen that I was bitching because she said something to me one time because somebody came in there with some other tough shit. I said I got this. She said, no you don't.


So she might know that I was bitching that time straight up. 'cause I was like, listen, I was just on the tip. Like why do I have to be involved with something that don't involve me? Because that's none of my business. Hey, I'm gonna keep it all the way real. That right there was one of the life, my life lessons though. You always Low. I had to learn how to check temperatures. Yep. You Gotta Boost. Yeah, because after that day, I became a, the temperature checker, like The boots was, was vicious Because old, Because if he'd have slapped you down, If old head would've connected You was done. You would've been, you would've been dead. Oh Yeah. Would've wired my shit, man. I felt that wing come past my shit. That Shit, your chest. You had a mark on your chest right up head. He had a mark on his chest and anything. But He was trying to, but I dipped back. Old head was dipped. Old would've slapped me to Alaska man Because this was back in the day.


I've woke up. It would've been it's cold. No, you've woke up. I'd have said no, you fell. I've just told Oh man. What happened? You slipped man. Because I, because, because if I didn listen because if we got back there, old head slap you up is cold. And I ain't do nothing that like damn low. You ain't Even do nothing. Nigga slapped me to Alaska Water on you talking about doing get up because you fell. You alright? Right. Damn man, you cool. I like, man you fell and hit shit. You went threw some water. Yeah. I like you hit your face on the dryer joint, man. You all right? Fuck Out I don. Remember old here slapped me. Fuck shit. No, you would've remember nothing. That shit was connect. We didn't connect. I've passed out. If that joint would've connected, hit you because it was so joy. I'd did one of these joint, I would've fainted.


That jaw was crazy. The wind from that joint, I would've faded man. Oh, OIE never really looked that strong. He was though. Oh, It was gonna tip But by the what? The way that wind came in, that mark that was on my motherfucking chest. Yeah man. you know, you know what's crazy man? Like I ain't gonna front man back in the day, don don't know why. 'cause it was Like. I got chased like, hey, three days. I used to love getting chased man. 'cause I would always get away. Only time I get away when the police chased me. But when it was a but, but you Never got Away when it was a different, it's a different, when a motherfucking street fighter chasing you, Chase you ever been on, you got caught. When the streets fights chase or you getting chased from school, that shit different bro. You become like, like on some real shit. That's where the best, the best athletes was discovered because it'll be like a gym teacher leaving school chilling and the motherfucker just come by.


You be like, they be Like. I. Remember the ninth grade when I went to Saul? Yeah. And we jumped the nigga on the bus. And of course I had to be the loudest nigga I had. I ain't Jumped nobody. Well, you wasn't there, but I'm saying we, me, me and my niggas from the school jumped that nigga on the bus. I had to be the loudest nigga, man. Then that whole football team chases me from broad and vine to AFI market. Man. Two days later, man, I'm telling you, when you scared bro, you could do some amazing shit, man. I was fasting than Carl Lewis. Ben Johnson fucking with you. Same boat. All them niggas mixed together, man.


All I seen was purple jackets chasing me, man. Mm. But I'm here to talk about it today. So you was a Mitch. Was a Mitch The same thing. What the fuck is a Mitch? Don? Don't know. I just heard Somebody say that. She's just making shit up. I think I heard Kevin Hart say that You, so you was a Mitch. Sit your dumb ass down man. And he's just like that. Right?