
Hey Million. dollars worth. Of game listeners, You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube? Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right? You're now tuned into N-N-N-N-N-N million dollars. mworthofgame. We down here, second Avenue, east Atlanta. Oh, you know, we had to come down here. Get with my brother, man. HUNXHO man. A real one man. And most of my songs, I'm, I'm mentioning God and though I'm thanking God for something, it's just like that. It gotta be the album name. Second. A I was dead Where you was at. Live in the Flesh Nigga. Where? Second Avenue Listen man. Second A crank that shit up. Hey Gi, lemme show you how to do it.


I don, you ain't never had no, this is a big record right here, baby. This He just putting on all fucking hits. Gonna I make this quick. Make sure y'all go get that album because you know it is about everything that, you know, all of us need to do. Thank, God HUNXHO is just like that, Right? You're now tuned into ni n ni ni ni ni million dollars worth a game. We down here, second Avenue of East Atlanta. Oh. Or you know, we had to come down here. Get with my brother, man. HUNXHO man. A real one man. Every time we see him, the energy is always there. He always in his own zone. He created his own world. He doing his own thing.


The new album coming out. Listen man. Thank God, everything we got. But


Before we go any further, this episode of me and I was River Game is PRESENTED BY JACKPOCKET the number one lottery app in America. You hear me? Use the promo code GILLIE, download it, put GILLIE in and get a free ticket, man. You know what I'm saying? For Mega Million Power Balls, my ticket round, be the one that get you $89 million. So download Jackpot America, the number one app. This episode of Million Dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by JackPocket. You Feeling lucky. We'll get ready to try your Luck. Whip JackPocket, right? America's number one lottery app with JackPocket. You can order Powerball mega million tickets right on your phone. I mean, right there. You just whip your phone out. Look, it's that simple. Whip your phone out. Bam. JackPocket. Ah, what? Ah, ah, ah. You can order your tickets right there on your phone. And even official state lottery games right there on your phone every day. There's millions up for grabs right on your phone. So New customers get a free lottery ticket by using Code GILLIE Whip out your phone right now. Download JACKPOCKET promo. Code GILLIE. Come on GILLIE. Come on, come on. For your chance to win free Powerball mega million tickets. Don't wait. Download JACKPOCKET now for your chance to win. Big good luck. JACKPOCKET, America's number one lottery at, why would you play anything else right, Gambling problem call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska 21 plus in Arizona Void were prohibited. Promo code required for $2 non withdrawable credit Prize amount may differ at time of drawing terms. JACKPOCKET dot com slash tos slash free dash ticket dash promo slash 22 is very important.


Yeah, man, you was 22 years old. I, you know, I remember when I was 22, I was in the penitentiary during a zillion years. You know, you wrapped your case up, you got your deal, you had your son, you know, why is 22 so important to you? I know why, but I know it was personal when you was going through everything he was going through. Yeah, 22. It is the hood like second out and then like 22 is where a lot of, a lot changed for me in my life. Like I signed my deal. I, I finished my case. I ain't beat it, but I finished my case, you know, and my career started turning around, like rap started going up for me. How did it feel getting in the game? You know, coming from the, you know, you was playing ball, you was, then you had, you know, you was in the streets, you know?


How did it feel? The transition? Man? Did, did you feel it? Did you feel it when it, when it started to catch? How was you feeling? I really still getting used to it. For real. don Don't know. I'm just trying to figure it. I'm still, I'm still going with emotion. Like, like, like you, you, you got over a billion streams. Yeah. You got them gold plaques. Like this shit is like, this is really real. Like you inside of this shit. For real. 'cause a lot of people that came out that never even reached them heights. So you still trying to understand. You ain't even you, you still ain't even, you know, feel it yet. You just like, damn is this really happening? Yeah, Nah, it just, Like don don't, I ain't trying to get the big head, so I just Like, I don't really like look too big at my accomplishments because I know I can get bigger.


Like I don't want to get comfortable or feel Like. I made it. Yeah, I dig what you're saying. But you know, how did it feel like to know you be able to take care of your mom? You know, like how did that feel? You know, we all seen it ourself, but you know, it's a different feeling when you really could do that. 'cause we don't see that that often where people get in the game and do things, they just flex up they self. But how was it feel to flex up your mom and you know, do all that? It feel great because that what I always wanted to do. Like, I mean. I really feel like that's what every nigga wanted to do. Like seeing your mama struggle, like, and then making her happy. Like, that's what everybody wanna do. It feel great. Did you think, did you ever think, you know, because we be seeing you play ball, did you think you had a chance to go to the league? I did for a minute, but like, probably like when I got in like 10th grade in high school and I just started thinking like, this probably ain't gonna be it.


But I kept playing though. But it just Like, I really couldn't like play on the team. 'cause I kept, I kept fucking up in school. So it just like, and then I, I started feeling like they already picnic niggas, like from middle school who Finn to go to the NBA. So it was just Like. I was just playing like hoping I go. It wasn't Like, I just knew I was gonna go. I was good though. Let me say this right, because I get a lot of, I get a lot of, you know, I, I know a lot of rappers, a lot of entertainers, a lot of comedians, athletes and you know, know we get offered to come a lot of places, mostly parties, you know, those type of events. You know what I'm saying? But I got a different text from you yesterday. You feel me?


You text me, yo, y'all in the city. I hit you back here. We been here all day. You say you Muslim, right? Yeah. I say yeah, you say you wanna come pray with me tomorrow. That hit a little different. I ain't even gonna lie, man, because you always get offered to the, to the, the smoke sessions, to the, to the turn up. But very rarely, and I could say this, no rapper, entertainer never asked me, yo, man, come pray with me man. You Muslim, right? Come pray with me. So when I showed up at the mass year today, you know what I'm saying?


It was like, it was, it was, it was kind of special for me because I looked at you in a whole different light. You feel what I'm saying? Because I know that all the things you out here doing, being great, providing for your family, just got your dad a car. Your dad come out the man he feeling man to park mine, you know, there. Because I ain't want people, you know, you can't get you close to my puppy. You know what I mean? Dad feeling good, but you still remain to put God first man. You still remember that? Yo, let me go, let me go get this Alana, let me, let me make it to Juma. Let me, and I respect that man. you know what I mean? I I really respect you for that. Because that said a lot about your character and who you are and how you show up and you just, you just out there amongst the people.


You kick it with the people. They could touch you, they could feel you. You feel what I'm saying? That's the greatest motivation that you could ever provide for the community that you come outta when you make it out and people look up to you. But yet, and still, you still right there entrenched in the community and they can feel you and they could touch you and they could look at you. I seen the way them little brothers was looking at you today when you walked out. They like, man, anything is possible. So I just wanted to salute you on that man, because that's big man being that you come from second half this, the gutter, man, this ain't you. And you made it out and, and you, you giving these young kids somebody that they could look up to and realize that if he done It, I can do it.


That's big man. So I just wanted to salute you on that. It message salute. How do you stay Morning? Tobacco smoke increases the risk of lung cancer and heart disease even in non-smokers.


This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by Swisher Sweets. Swisher Sweets knows you are all about to level up. And so are they with a family of brands that provide a smoke for any ses with Swisher, Sweets is more than a sesh. It's a refresh. Ignite an icon with Swisher Sweets savor, hand selected pipe tobacco with BLK, elevate your smoking experience with legend or kick back and enjoy America's broad leave aged for two years and leave. Whether you're gathering your crew for a session or having a smoke alone for a moment of reflection, refresh your sesh. We Swisher Sweet. Right?


How do you fight off all the distractions in this game? Because this industry, you know, once you start popping, everybody coming at you, everybody want to be your friend. Everybody you know, they wanna get around you and everything and everybody got all these offering, they offering you everything. How do you stay disciplined through all, through it all? I ain't gonna lie, I just rap with who I ride with. Like if I do, if I do lock in with somebody, they probably be for like a minute, then I'm back to doing what I'm doing. 'cause I gotta focus on what I got going on. Now you, you titled your album Thank God, right? You, you know, usually artists will have a song, this one song dedicated to God. But why, why was it so important for you to title the whole album Thank Thank God?


Because I was listening to my music like a lot of my songs and most of my songs, I'm, I'm mentioning God and though I'm thanking God for something and it's just like that. It gotta be the album name and you know what's crazy, those that don't know, I'm, I'm on this album and you said what? Yeah, I'm on this album. Yeah, I'm not, I'm not. Come on man. Stop My career, man. How fuck do you keep making the cuts the niggas albums, man HOPENY on album. You mad? 'cause I'm, I'm I'm my career bigger than yours. That's it. But well, listen, listen, the rap career wasn't, listen, I'm gonna tell y'all now, all the young niggas out there, right? He's a hater. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm jumping on albums from here on out. You hear me? I understand Hating on him. I'm still stand. They went the Martin Luther King route. If you need Malcolm X on your shit, call me.


You hear me? You, you got a problem about women not being shit. You need me to talk on the front bitch. Where you from? Where? Orlando, Florida. I come right on there, unleash You hear me? He's a nut. But, but, but you know what's crazy? You sent me the song and I put my, you didn't gimme no direction for real. You just sent me the song. And when I come on the song, the first thing I say is, dear God, didn didn't know nothing about the title of the album. I ain't know nothing about it. You know, you just talking about Rookie of the year on there and it's just crazy that the whole album play out that And all I'm doing is speaking to God on behalf of you. Like it's coming from you about your journey, about the kids, about the family, about the mom, about not, you know.


And that's strong though, man because I think we live in a world where as though a lot of, a lot of us, we forget about God and we forget that He, he, you know, without God, none of this is possible. But I want to know like, how do you, how do you, like, how do your mama feel? you know what I mean? The the see that you made it because a lot of dudes ain't made a lot of homies ain't making, I mean she love to see it. She tell me every time. But I ain't gonna just act like, like shit all just like, we just 50 rich and everything, Just all good. She still needs shit. Sometimes I still need shit. Sometimes me, I'm still working. I'm trying to get, I'm trying to get to where I need to be.


Where is she proud of me though? Where's the next level at? Like, like what is the next level for you?


This episode of Million Dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by DRAFTKINGS. Does your favorite NBA player have what it takes to be Crown King of the court? Find out if DRAFTKINGS Sports book an official sports betting partner of the official sports betting partner of the NBA DRAFTKINGS DRAFTKINGS is offering 1 million a day in bonus bets for the first 10 days of the NBA season. That's 10 million in bonus bets. Here's how you shoot your shot Opt in and get a daily NBA profit boost token. Pick a pre-game NBA player prop to boost. If the player leads the league that night in points plus rebounds plus assist you win a share of the 1 million in bonus bets. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app right now. Use Code GILLIE. Come on, whip your phone out. Come on, pull it out right now. Code GILLIE GILLIE to win a share of 1 million in bonus bets. If your player is king of the court only on draft King the crown is yours. Gambling problem call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One NBA prop bet. Profit boost per customer tokens expire at the start of the final NBA game each day when offered. Use token on PRA stat leader to receive equal share of $1 million in non withdrawal bonus bets that expire in 168 hours. Additional wagering restrictions apply four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/b ball.


Don don't even know. I really just don don't try to like I made too many plans for myself. I just like to leave it to God wherever I go, I go. But I'm, I'm just working like wherever how far I go I go. But I do want longevity though. When you, when you was putting the album together, how did you come up? You know, we don't need to get it to know. I know who's on there, but how did you come up with reaching out to people and saying, I want this person, that person, that person. How did you come out with, you know, how, what was your whole process on that? It is like, it is like if I, if I do a song and I hear somebody Like don don't know the type beat that they, that they make music on, I hit 'em and see they trying to get on there. I just start doing that for a minute though.


'cause I, I was reaching out to a lot of folks trying to get folks in my music and shit. They weren't responding. So, and then it's mutual though. 'cause like the people who I got on my shit, they wanted to be on my shit like this. Like we've been talking and shit. So it was just some organic shit. It ain't really Like, I had to go look for nobody. But like everything you do be kind of like, well some on some organic Shit. Yeah. It seemed like he ain't just, You know what I mean? Even me, even me coming to to the hood and just kicking it with you and your homies. It's just some organic shit. You feel what I'm saying? It's just like if I pulled up and I didn't know who HUNXHO was, I wouldn't be able to pick him out. You feel what I'm saying? Because all your niggas, they pretty much looking the same.


It ain't no big eyes and little yous, you know what I'm saying? So when I see you and I come around and you know I pee, I'm like, damn, this shit around here seem like it's all love and it's tight niche. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah, for sure. And that's what you need to be able to survive in this game. Like, like how was, how was it knowing you dropping this album? Like how do you feel that you completed it when the album was done? What was the feeling you got? Was it like, bet zo now I'm ready to turn it up. Yeah, I had to, I had to change it like four, five times though. How you to change it? Because I keep making music and it's like every time I make a new song I want to end on. But you got pulled 'cause it's gonna be 22 cuts. Yeah, we had to pick, I ain't gonna lie, we had probably pick from like 30, 40 songs and then after we were done with that, we still had to pick from like 25.


And then when we got down to 22, I probably switched like three more songs. I I got too much music. How do you keep your composure when you, that you are part of this game now and you see so much fake shit? Like how do you keep your composure when you see it and you be like, I don't, I ain't, I ain't really just linked over too many people to even know if nigga be fak or not. For real Like I just be doing my own thing. Who fuck with me, fuck with me. The folks who fuck with me, they, they keep it real. What is your process? But I don't like what like in the industry, like niggas run the industry. don don't really fuck with them on like another level other than music shit. Music shit. Yeah. What is your process when you going into that studio? Is you there when the beat when the producer is making the beat or you just say send a pack?


Like how is your process? It be already beats in my engineer email. I just tell him playing. He go through 'em and then I pitch pick which ones I want. I go straight in the booth, do it, come out, do it again. What's your favorite part of this game? Is it the recording process or is it when you go do them shows? You know, you see all 'em cameras lit up, all 'em lights in the shows. 'cause every time I see you doing a show it's like they packed out like, you know. But what's your best experience of this? I like recording. It's probably my favorite part. I don't really like too much like performing and being outside in the public. I don don don't really like the spotlight. I'm still getting used to it. What made you target the women? Because I mean you, you know, you make, you make street type of music, but your shit be targeted towards the women.


You feel what I'm saying? In an era where everybody is making bop bop boop bop bop music Shit, I really just tried it. It is Like I don don't know. When I do whatever comes to my mind, it came to my mind to like make a, make a tape for the females. But what I was doing before wasn't working. Probably probably like two songs work, but I couldn't keep doing the same shit and then spitting some different. How did it feel to get on that freshman cover Feel great? I, I felt, I felt like that should have put me on it last year. But I ain't tripping. That's good money like that. Was that something that you wanted, like from, from seeing it all these years, you was like, man, I'm gonna get on that phrase, but that was like attention, like I'm gonna get on that cover.


Yeah, definitely. When I first started rapping, I wanted to be on there. That shit happened was how, how was the feeling when you, when you was like, you got the news like, yo, you on that cover. It feel good. You got, you got Over a billion streams. How that feel, Feel Like. I need them. I need them plaques. You need them plaques? Yeah. You got that gold one. Yeah. So you, you gotta get, Well, you know, you keep hustling gold, turning the platinum baby. That's how it Work. I got two gold. I got, I probably got like five, six songs finna be gold in a minute. Probably in like a month or two. So shit, that's, that's all a blessing. And then eventually them gold turned into platinum. Yeah.


With hard Work, you know. And then some of the new records is platinum. So That's major. When, when, when is when, when this album you going on tour? I probably do my own tour after I draw the album, depending on how the album do we do, if we do good couple song catch, then I go on tour. Now I'm gonna drop again and keep dropping to some catch, then I'm going on tour. But if I get an offer to go on tour, I'll probably go a good offer. Hmm. That's what I'm talking about man. Well Listen man we ready, we you know Gil ain't hearing none of this song. We ready to go check out this album. We want, we want to listen to this album, hear these songs, you know, and see who got, 'cause I, you know, yo, you don't know who on here.


He got some, he got some shit on here. I could imagine He got some shit on Here. One thing about him, he, he, I i I respect his humbleness man. He a humble laid back. Even even when he, even when he fucking the internet up man cars and doing real ball shit is still on a humble level, man. So you know what I mean? I I salute you man. Especially from a motherfucker that's been in a relationship for a while. And, and and understand that you somebody that's there for you supposed to treat him good. So when I see you doing the ball shit at a young age and I respect it, man. But let's get to the studio man and you know, listen to these hits, right.


This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by New. Amsterdam Vodka. Now you know the saying life ain't going your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your wife cheating today. Shout a new Amsterdam box. You thought that check was coming and it didn't come your way. Shout a new Amsterdam box is distilled five times. It's filtered three times for a clean crisp finish. And you could drink it straight up on the rocks, juice, soda, or just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. That's up to you. But when you out and about at your local liquor store, make sure you get some New Amsterdam Vodka the official vodka of bars stool. And shout out to the new Amsterdam Queen too. D be at the crib, you know, getting busy with the cocktails with the new Amsterdam and it's great for pre-game. And right now it's hockey. It's baseball is basketball. It's football. What we talking about? New, Amsterdam Vodka try you some right man, y'all.


Oh you ain't never had no this is a big record right here baby. This just outta here. He just put on all fucking hitch. You wanna know something crazy, bro. My motherfucking see where I slice my eyelid right there. I did that coming outta that motherfucking booth right there in 2000 and fucking two, man. And guess what? These niggas didn't make no renovations. This shit look exactly the fuck the same 20 something years. They ain't, they changed the couches or nothing in this bitch.


The fuck that's back when I was signed on cash money crib Need more than 30 Right now. We need like, need like 50 More. That's fucking crazy. That's the same. 20 years ago they was bringing cookies the fuck out. They still bringing them bitches that they didn't change nothing around this dream.


This episode of million Dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by Hello. Fresh make this fall the tastiest season yet with Farm Fresh produce and easy autumn inspired recipes. Delivered right to your door with HelloFresh. HelloFresh delivers all pre-portioned ingredients you'll need to make easy homemade meals. All the proteins, veggies, sauces, spices. And we arrive in a box along with simple instructions that walk you through each step in the cooking process. Whip your tasty restaurant style meals in your own kitchen without high price tags of takeout in less than it takes to get delivered. Oh hold on. Whip out tasty restaurant style meals. It whip up tasty restaurant style meals in your own kitchen without the high price tag of takeout and in less time than it takes to get delivery. Get 10 free meals at hellofresh.com/free dollars applied across seven boxes. new subscribers only varies by plan. That's 10 free HelloFresh meals. Just by going to hellofresh.com/free dollars. Make sure you tap in Hello Fresh right.


You know what you're doing man. Yeah. All right a little bit. he said a little bit. I know the eight ball going in the middle. Oh yeah that mean you know something. I'm ready to kill. I don't got one bro. I'm gonna make it quick. Watch this. I'm finna make it quick. You think so? I'm gonna make it quick because you gotta get up outta here. You hear this finna make this quick. What? Oh get Him low. You got a We can't leave here with no L. With No L nigga. That was a tight rack. He had a tight loose rack on me.


Come on. You know he been locked up all his life. Hell he ain't got that three corner. Watch yourself, you been on him. Come on now. It's over. It's over. You ain't got nothing now what you got? It's over. Where you going? When I made that first one? It's over. Where you going? Where you going now?


I'm finna hit this in here. I'm finna hit this out. This. No no you ain't there. Oh yeah. Yeah. I got the power. I got the power here. My fault a little rusty. I'm a little rusty man Because you ain't, you ain't looking at good s keep all we real with you. Oh man you ain't, I'm rusty man. He rusty too though. I thought he was.


I thought I was done. We Trying to give you a chance man. Listen I ain't He been in here all these days in the studio. I thought he All right. No nothing. He ain't what he gonna do. He not doing it. No he not that cold for 1 4 1. Where you putting that at? You might as well pay. You might as well go have pay off four one Tony. Man, Pay that money for, don't worry about it. Neff. I got you. He ain't doing nothing. He ain't doing nothing. I'm going right here. No he not. He not getting that off. No. Oh this is over with. You're done. It right there is over Got grab. You got to grab Game time.


Game time. I'm gonna bring it right here now. Car watch this. I ain't smoking Man. Much as nigga much as we in the bank nigga.


This episode of million dollars worth a game is brought to you by can say hi to Can social tonics. Can social tonics spikes their seltzer with weed. Each can is blended with five simple clean ingredients to deliver that perfect buzz. And a buzz that doesn't backfire can comes in three award-winning flavors. Blood orange, cardamon, lemon, lavender in grapefruit. Rosemary can comes in a variety of doses for every drink. Arranging from two milligrams to five milligrams of THC. So head over to Drinkcan dot com. That's drink CN n.com and use code game 30 for 30% off your order of can and you'll get free shipping. Once again. Head over to Drinkcan dot com and use Code Game 30 to get 30% off your order and get free shipping can. Why would you try anything else? Right? Canned products are for persons. 21 plus or older canned products have less than 0.3%. Hemp thrived Delta nine THC Do not claim to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and have not been evaluated or approved by FDA.


I could've cut it. You see what's going on. We there behind you on the gang Man. Listen. man check out that new album Thank. God man. If you ain't got it man. Listen, we heard the whole op listen. Second half Listen man Is is up. I was there where you was at? Live in the Flesh nigga. Where second half nigga Listen man. Second. Second half. What you talking about? What else you wasn't there? You pulled up when it was interview Tom. Scared ass nigga. You out there already? If I was out there with my nephew, fuck you. Me niggas out there. I was, come on we, I was out there at 11 o'clock. Huh? Out I'm out, out there like this.


He get there right at interview time. Nah, I was, I was nigga deep. They look crazy. Left lying. This nigga lying like a motherfucker. But Listen man, make sure y'all go get that album because you know it's about everything that you know all of us need to do. Thank, God, HUNXHO and it's just like that. Right?