
Hey Million dollars worth. Of game listeners You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube? Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right?


This episode of Million Dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by JackPocket Feeling lucky, huh? Are you we'll get ready to try your Luck. Whip JackPocket, right? America's number one lottery app. Whip JackPocket, right? You can order Powerball and Mega million tickets right on your phone. They, they even have official state lottery games. I'm talking about right here on your phone. Just whip your phone out. Whip Whip Powerball Whip Whip mega million woo Whip official State lottery games right here on your phone at JACKPOCKET. The official the only one, the number one lottery app in, in America. Like what We talked about. It's not number two, not number three's. Number one, every day there are millions up for grabs right here on your phone. New customers get a free lottery ticket by using code GILLIE. Whip your phone out right now. Download JackPocket. Use code GILLIE. You get a free lottery ticket. That Code GILLIE is a free Powerball or Mega Millions ticket. Don't wait. Download JackPocket now for your chance to win big. And if you, you win off my ticket, you know what I mean? All the millions. Throw player back a little something. you know what I mean? I won't be mad at you. JACKPOCKET America's number one lottery app. Get in tune. Download right now. Use Code GILLIE JACKPOCKET number one, Rap Gambling problem. call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older 19 plus in Nebraska 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2. Non withdrawable credit prize amount may differ at time of drawings. Terms JackPocket dot com slash tos slash free dash ticket promo slash


You're now tuned into me, me Min Min Min Min Min million dollars mworthofgame with the og. Yes, Listen man. This guy right here, man, been in the game for so long. He drop so much jewels on us. One thing is we gotta salute him and always give him his respect and his flowers because he showed us the music game. He always was about his business no matter what from day one. I gotta make sure my paper right, I gotta make sure my paper is right. It's too type of paper. You got that quick paper? Yeah, yeah. Take this man. Just rap man. Just chill. And then you got that real paper where you know how much you supposed to get, so you go get it. And then he said, you know what, let me educate y'all about this film game. Lemme go ahead and shoot these films, show you all this. And this is what we do. So we gotta salute man.


The one and only the legend. ICE CUBE is in the building. Man. We appreciate you og. Yes. We love you and you and and you know what? Right now it's about Man Down. And for those that don't know what, what do that mean? What do that mean? Well, you know, it is, it is a concept. You know, when I finished my album, you know, I was looking for, you know, the right title. Like what, what does this record mean? You know? And Man Down was the title because I'm talking about a few different subjects where I feel like, you know, I'm going straight at the men about standing up about, you know, reclaiming their position in the world.


You know, not being so emotional and in they feelings and, and you know, to man up basically. You know what I'm saying? So it's, it's, it is kind of a snapshot of where I think we are, but it's, you know, it's definitely not where I want to be. You know? I want the real men to stand up. And do you think, like, how do you feel being a, being a legend in the game and seeing when y'all had to do it. Like y'all really had to get up, go to each mom and pop stores in stores, sign all the posters, take all the pictures, like y'all really had to be personal with it and really put the work in. What is your take on how it changed so much where people just sit back and like going to do an interview, going to sign over there, taking a, it is like, let's look the upon.


I don't do that shit. Like, how do you feel knowing that, that the whole everything that we have now was because of y'all, y'all built and y'all kicked the doors down for us to have Reverend y'all two live crews. So we got freedom of speech. So we can say what we want to when we want to, and also have all these resources that we got in the hip HOPENY game. Y'all, y'all sacrifice everything to get that. But now how do you, how do you, how, how do you feel about how everything is just so digital and it's not personal no more. It is whack. It's, it makes it feel like the music is disposable when it's, you know, it's creation, it's inspiration and you know, it's, it's like somebody, you know, playing you short on what you really are trying to achieve.


And, and then artists, you can't play into that. You have to, you know, show people you care, show people that it's important to you show your fans that they're not just a money grab, but you want to have an experience with them. And, and if you don't do that, you don't end up being here 40 years later. you know what I'm saying? You end up, you know, flaming out, cashing out, playing out. So you gotta be dedicated to, to give the audience quality and, and then put your stamp on it and be out there spearheading and cheerleading the projects.


You know, people shouldn't have to beg you to do interviews or, or you know, meet and greets, meet the fans, promos. You know, that's, that's the fun of the game. That's, you know, that's what make it fun. You like, damn, we not, we not at a a a slave job. we out here, you know, cultivating our hip HOPENY and our careers and you know what I mean? It's the middle of the day and we signing an autographs when other people are grinding, you know, and they at work. So it's precious man. It's, it's, it's, it's a privilege. Do you think, 'cause me and him, me and, 'cause we big on groups, like rest in Peace to a little cousin, his son Cheese, when they wanted to rap, we like, no, y'all gonna be in a group.


We really big on it because it's like in the, in the hip HOPENY now where You don't have it no more. Everybody's me, me, me. It's like, you could break it down. You only gotta write this. I could write this. We could battle in the, in the studio, get more stuff done. You had NWA Lynch mob, west side connection. What is the importance and, and and and what is the importance of doing it in a group? I think the fans love groups. You know, the fans love it. The artists don't love it. 'cause you have to cut up the money. You know, if it's three people in the group, you know, you cutting, you know, you want to cut your check in the three parts. If it's two people, two parts. If it's four people, four parts. So everybody want the solo cash, you know.


So the groups have not been the way to go in hip HOPENY as, you know, as the norm. But I think there's always a place for groups. I think the fans like groups. They like the dynamics of having multiple people to get into in the group. You know, you might start liking one person in the group and then you listen to the record more. Now you flipping over to another one, you're like, no, he killing it. And so it's a part of hip HOPENY that, that I want to get back, you know? But Like I, you know, people gotta really be into it.


You know, if it's just a money grab, then they won't go to the group dynamic. But it, you know, if they came up in the game together as friends or crew trying to make it, then that, that's where there's hope for a group. And it's like a launch pad. Because I, you know, like with, with Mac 10 and Dub C did, coming up outta there, I'm talking about man banging albums. I'm talking about they had, they, they was doing it. It is one of the greatest launch pads. And especially for you to even want do that, to bring all your influence and your fan base and say, look at my two homies. Yeah, I think, I think that's what, and if you look at Wutang, you look at all the groups that we had over the years, everybody wind up literally, you know, breaking off and getting their own situations anyway.


But the group bring all the attention to it, you know what I mean and it is just major now how do you, you know, how do you feel like when you go into the studio now and you like, damn, is it, is it like, what is the mindset of like all this different music out, all these different sounds? How is you going to hear to approach it? Well, I think once you become a artist that's been in the game as long as me, you know, call it a legacy artist, it's not about looking out as much for inspiration. It's about looking in. It's about, you know, breaking it down to the simplest form of do what you like.


That's how you came out. Came out before you was chasing charts and chasing this and chasing billboard and scans, And, all these things. You just did what you like. And everybody else had to kind of get in on that. Then you get in the game and now you looking at, oh, what is he selling? What is he doing? Do I need to, you know, make them kind of moves so I can sell that? Now you're playing a record game and once you realize there's, there's really no future in playing the record game. You know, at a certain point you're just gonna have your clientele of fans and if you don't service them, hyper service them, then they'll go, they're gonna find somebody else.


And you might look up and not have any fan base. So it's all about doing what you feel and, and kind of letting the chips fall where they may. And if you, if you true to that, your fan base come along, you know, the, the key is for ICE CUBE to sound like ICE CUBE not for me to be chasing Right. A sound or, you know, or chasing somebody else's success. And try to, you know, do something similar is really about like, you know, I get this example when I go, if I buy a new Anita Baker record, don don't want her sound like Rihanna.


you know what I mean? I want her to sound like Anita Baker. Like what I know. Right? And I'm to a point where when people buy ICE CUBE record, they want it to sound like ICE CUBE. Absolutely. They want me chasing and do what I like and then present it to the people and you know, hopefully they dig it too. So let me ask you this being as though you've been basically running the culture for like 35 years. I'm talking about from the music to, to the, to the movies, to The Big three. Everything is culture driven. Yeah. Do you, do you even being a legend that you are wake up some days and be like, holy shit, this shit is amazing.


This shit is incredible, man. Of course, you know, you a gratitude is the attitude. you know what I saying? I'm a nigga with attitude, but gratitude's that attitude. It ain't, it ain't the other attitude no more. It's, it's being grateful for, you know, having these opportunities present themselves. Grateful for not being afraid to challenge myself and, you know, accept some of these opportunities. Even whether I knew the game a hundred percent or not. Just trusting yourself, you know, and, and then being a student of whatever game you're gonna get in.


Like, you can't just jump in without learning the game and understanding the game and, and sometimes learning what you shouldn't do, right? Sometimes that's the best thing to do, is learn what you, what you shouldn't do before you learn what you should do so you don't make the major mistake. And so doing those type of, you know, you know, analyzing myself as well as understanding, you know, where I've been blessed to be in the position I'm in, you know, it just motivates me to do better work, to be more prepared practice and study more and, and just try to maintain the quality for the people.


To me, that's, that's that, that's where I am. That's where my head is. I'm glad that's where my head is. You know, that I'm not, you know, I, the money's cool. I love it. It's fun, but that ain't what it's all about. It's really a tool. You know, this is really about creation, inspiration, you know, letting the universe speak through you and just being, being ready for, for the opportunities when they come. You know, you know what I noticed is you always take your class with you and I'm gonna break it down. And I, and I love that. And I was talking to Drape when we was at the last Big three and I was snapping 'cause I was kicking it with Treach, right?


And I'm like, BA man, every time I come here it's like Kane, you know? 'cause we've been The Big three for years. It's like, what is the importance of taking your class when I say your class, the class at MCs that was operating with you from the beginning in the eighties, like Like I, see Kane there. I see like everybody that was like, why is it so important to utilize your platform to continue to amplify them and honor these legends that came up with you? Why is that important To me? That's, it's nothing better. Yeah. I love than to show love to somebody that you've been a fan of, somebody you grew up on, somebody that you respect and, and, and, and give them a, a spot to shine at.


Or, or let people know, yo, you know, this, this is one of my folks. This is somebody I love and respect and grew up on. And y'all should love and respect them too. And, and it's cool, you know, to have something like The Big three to be able to invite, you know, the, the, the personalities of the culture, you know, like yourselves to come participate and have fun. And, you know, I I'm, I'm just grateful that you guys, you know, come and be a part of it. You know, you can say, ah, man, you know, I got something else to do. No, you know, but it just makes it special.


It makes it, it's, it is the reason why it's been here for seven years is because the culture has embraced the league and has shown up. You know, I'm always happy to see anybody, you know, coming through them doors at the game. Especially from the culture, especially that people know love and respect. And I wanna put 'em on blast. I want to get 'em on tv. I want to show the whole world that they there. Right? You know,


This episode of Million Dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by DRAFTKINGS. The rollercoaster of the NFL season is moving right along and it promises to be a month full of tricks, treats, and of course, touchdowns and DRAFTKINGS Sports book is an official sports betting partner of the NFL is the number one place to bet touchdowns running it in from the a DR bomb. We don't care how they score touchdowns. We want to bet on them. DRAFTKINGS hurt us and they're delivering. Ready to police your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score a touchdown, go to the Drafting sports book app and make your pick. Here's a reason for New customers to do touchdown dance on their own. BET $5 and get 200 instantly in bonus bets Bet $5 and get 200 instantly in bonus bets. All you gotta do is download DRAFTKINGS right now and use Code GILLIE. Come on, go get that money. I'm giving you time to download that right now and get that money Punch in promo code GILLIE. You bet. $5, you get 200 instant bonus bets. What are you waiting on? The crown is yours. Put it on it. It's Right Gambling problem. call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot, Hill, Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus beds expire 168 hours after issuance For additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/ft ball.


Warning tobacco smoke increases the risk of lung cancer and heart disease even in non-smokers. This episode of me and Osworth, a game is brought to you by Swisher Sweets. Swisher Sweets knows you are all about to level up and so are they With a family of brands that provide a a smoke for any sesh with Swisher. Sweets is more than a sesh. It's a refresh. Ignite an icon with Swisher Sweets savor hand-selected pipe tobacco with BLK. Elevate your smoking experience with legend or kick back and enjoy America's broad leave aged for two years in leave. Whether you're gathering your crew for a sesh or having a smoke alone for a moment of reflection, refresh your ses. We Swisher Sweets, right?


It was always good for us because like you, one of the guys that come up before us that we looked up to, that was an inspiration to us because it's never no settling for you. Never. It is always okay. And, and you come off as a person that like, damn, everything he do, he do good. Like yeah, you know, I, you may have failed a lot of times, but we've never seen your failures. Every time you come out with something, it's like, damn, that shit pop off that. So it give us the inspiration to be like, oh no, no, we not just stopping with the podcast, let's go get this. Let's go get that. Yep. Let's get, let's get a little stake in this. Let's get some stake in that. Let's try our hand in this. So you really are one of the people, the the front runners that bring the inspiration to us.


you know what I'm saying? Yeah. For us to drive us to be great. I want to ask you a real question. Like how you doing as just you, the person, not the ICE CUBE. Just you. Because when you obtain a lot of things in life, people never ask you that question. Yeah. They just assume that you good because financially you good. How you osha how you doing? Oh man, I'm a cloud nine. Yeah. I'm on cloud nine. Living my best life, you know, got my family, you know, couple of grandkids. Yeah. you know what I saying? Me too. Saying, yeah, absolutely. So Bills paid.


Yeah. you know what I mean? I don don't owe nobody no money. Right. And life is lovely. Life is great. You know, I always had that attitude though. Might not seem like it, but I've always, you know, understood that there's gonna be ebbs and flows to life and nothing last. You know, nothing bad lasts unless you let it, unless you dwell on it. Unless you allow it to, to work you mentally. So, you know, I'm just, I feel grateful and blessed to be in this position and I'm doing good, you know, thank God no issues.


I wanna, I wanna give a shout out right to The Big three, because the breakdown of Big three for me is like a family reunion. Not for the artist and celebrity be there, but we see so many of the people that support us and it's, and it don't, it is a game, but it feel like, just like a fan bunch of people. I'm talking about the audience. I'm talking about the connection to the, how the audience is so comfortable with everybody that's involved. Yo man, it is like the people taking you can take pic. It is not like a real game. It's like a family. A family get together. It's like the energy is unbelievable. Just the energy in the town. Like even us being in the towns, no matter whether it was a Baltimore, I at DC, Atlanta, Boston, it was just like the town around the, the, the energy around the town you getting, it was, it is just like, it's a great vibe, man.


I'm talking about unbelievable vibe. And we, and we thankful that you always bring us out, man. Because you don't have to do it. you know what I mean? So we always thankful and we always gonna come. Now, when you went into this, you know, this session and you said I'm putting the album out, what was the first conceptual song that came in your mind?


I want to talk about this, this episode. A Million Dollaz. Worth Game is brought to you by Skims. When I first got introduced to Skims, I'm only thinking this is women's stuff, but you know, I give, you know, a gift for the holiday. My ex, she bought me some Skims and I'm like, what did you buy me Skims for? That's women. No they're not. Bang, she bought me some of these. One thing about these Skims, man, I'm gonna tell you something. They don't move. They don't go nowhere when you got 'em. More You don't have to keep adjusting 'em or none of that. And not just that. They advertise your package in the way. Your package never been advertised. I'm talking about they fit great, they soft. Sometimes I feel Like I ain't even got nothing knowing. I feel like I'm just free balling. I'm walking around with just my pants on. What you need to do is you need to get down to, you need to get in the Skims game. Skim are for men, for those that don't know. And for all you ladies out there, huh? Do what I, you know, take care of the guys. Like I was taking care of, I got some fresh Skims and you know, Let me tell you something, they changed my life. I've been wearing Skims ever since. They're just feel great. Like nothing is on. You feel like skin and they don't move, so you're not even feeling nothing. They're great quality. The quality feel good. They got 'em in different colors. They got 'em in different lengths. Go out there right now and get your Skims. When you do go get your Skims. Tell 'em I sent you when they be like, damn, how did you know about Us podcast? I'm telling you. Tell 'em I seen you go to Skims dot com right now. You know, shop Skims for men. Go out there, do your thing. The holiday is coming up. Load up on your Skims. And it's just like that.


I think the first conceptual song, you know, I got a song called, it's called Talking about these rappers. Rappers Go ahead. Yeah. Talk to me. And it's about, you know, people on the internet just talking about rappers, you know, and making that their, their subject to the point where they're, they're trying to, to, I guess make the, make the culture aware, but they're, they're like living off of the bad stories of the favorite artists of the day.


And I just think it's a problem with that. I think it's a, it's a thing that, you know, when you got the mic, you have responsibilities to hopefully try to uplift. You know what I'm saying? Of course if it bleeds, it leads. But you know, it's just to me to a point where it has to be spoken on because it's just constant every day. People on the internet just, you know, this and this rapper, this and that rapper. And to me that was like, that was the first song that, that I felt like, okay, this is the start of a album.


I got a song called Scary Movie, which is talking about, you know, how crazy the game is, you know, and it's got a bunch of movie analogies song in there called So Sensitive, which is talking about niggas just being emotion, Emotional. Oh my God. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So my God. Yeah. You know, that's really Got it. You know, got the record going. You know, it's My ego is a record that, you know, so many people think egos a bad thing, but, you know, our egos make what what makes us unique.


It makes us stand out. It makes us proud of who we are and what we accomplish and proud of who we are. And I don't think it's something that we should be suppressing just to get along and fit in. Or it's making everybody seem like they don't have a personality. They don't have a a you know, they don't have the, the, the confidence. So I I, you know, it's a song where I was just like, yo, let's celebrate our ego. Instead of saying it's a bad thing. You Got, you got a line that you always say something about.


They don't want you to show who, because it'll bring out their insecurities. Yeah, yeah. A lot of times they try to say, humble. Humble. You know, be humble. No, what what I post to downplay my celebration and my happiness because I won to make you feel, you know, the cater to your egos and your shortcomings. No, no, no. This, you know, that humble word is a wild word. Be humble. What the fuck you mean? Everybody got the ego and everybody got a feeling of I'm celebrating the sh the work I put in. You put this work in cube. You, you, you here for a reason. You know. But another thing is this, I always wanted to know, and I've been, I was supposed to ask you this at the game. Who is somebody that gave you the most game during your journey through this that gave you game on like that you went to and was like, and they laid it, laid it down for you and schooled you?


Who schooled you? Oh man. I would say I had a manager by the name of Pat Charney. She was a pr the PR person for priority records when NWA Okay. And my solo stuff. And you know, she was able to lace me with a lot of game on, on the music business and how, how you stay relevant. How do you become an artist that people care about and not just a song maker, you know, that they might not care about.


And you know, so I learned a lot about just being true to yourself, which keeps you true to your audience. And, and, and to let the chips fall where they may, you know, if, if, if you rub some people the wrong way, don't change who you are because some people may have not liked what you did. You know, essentially that's their problem. It's not, don't make it your problem. You know? And, and so I learned a lot of game from her. I learned a lot from Eazy-E I learned a lot from Lonzo Williams.


Not him showing me, but just watching him and how he, you know, he was the first, you know, leader. He was the leader of the wrecking crew. He was playing record crew Independent. Yeah. He was putting out independent records through Macola and just watching how he handled that business and, and up learning a lot. I'm glad you said easy because I'm one of the Bulls grew up off of that. Zy was my man that Zy does it. That was my shit. He was my man. What is the game that Zy gave you? Trust yourself. Don't, don't, don't, don't play the game to the point where you play yourself.


Mm. So it's a game that's being played in the record business, but you don't want to be playing the game so much that you lose yourself as a artist. You don't put out what you feel is real, you know, just always do what you feel is real and then let the industry figure it out. See, when we first came out, we thought we were gonna be straight underground artists. We was like, we not gonna get no radio play. Mm. We not gonna get no love. We West coast rappers. So we felt like we not about to be as big as Rakim and you know, you know, heavy D and the boys And all that.


We weren't gonna be as big as them. We felt like that shit came up. We gonna just be underground Straight Outta Compton crazy motherfucker named Mice Cube. Yeah. From a gang called Niggas. We at. I was 12 years old like this. My cousin was knocking at shit. That Was some wild shit, man. I love it. Yeah. And, and so we was cool with that 'cause we was like, yo, We gonna be big on the West coast. It don't matter. It don't matter if we ever get big, all that matters is we doing what we like the people in the neighborhood love it. And we just gonna be like neighborhood ghetto stars. you know what I mean? That was cool enough. And then it just blew up. Now, now, now one thing about it, y'all was West Coast, but for some reason you explored out Yeah.


You like, like what was the importance of that? Because that's what helped you get your longevity and connected with different producers coming to New York. Coming. What, what would encourage you, what empowered you to Like I? Let me, let me see more of this shit. Let me see. The country. My favorite groups was on the East coast. pe. pe I mean, you know, all the way back from run DMC, you know, slick Rick and you know, Dougie Fresh, EPMD, salt Pepper, you know, it was just a plethora of superstars on the east coast doing all the music that we love. So, you know, we were West coast, but Like I said all of our, you know, all the groups we liked was from the East coast mostly.


Did you ever think that hip HOPENY would take it this far? It would be so big back then. Like you, Nah, you know, I didn't, it was so, you know, when rap first came out, hip HOPENY, it was shunned by regular musicians, you know, soul singers and, and r and b artists. And everybody disked, it said it wasn't real music. So I felt like this was the plight, you know, that this was just gonna be a underground street thing. And, and then it just started to grow and grow. And then, you know, run DMC took took it from, to me, from just a street side thing to, you know, a profession, you know where oh you can real, yeah you can rock a stadium, you can rock arenas.


This is how, this is what it takes to be a pro in the rap game.


This episode of Million Dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by BODY ARMOR Sport Water, the alkaline water that provides real hydration with electrolytes for taste. Everybody is always drinking it around the office, the sports drink, the zero sugar, and even the Flash iv after a long weekend, we can't get enough of BODY ARMOR to sport water, in my opinion is the best water on the market. I mean, as I speak to you right now, I'm a little thirsty. So what I'm gonna do is I'm going to crack this open just a little bit. I needed that. The alkaline water tastes so good. Shout out to BODY ARMOR for the sports water though, that they send us all the time because this is really some of, if not the best water on the market. So when you out and about, make sure you head over to your local seven 11 and get you some BODY ARMOR sports water today. Why not some great water BODY ARMOR. Try it.


So how did it feel when you finally, now you there, now you land in New York in the, the same people that you was just looking up to like, oh shit, ICE CUBE. Yeah. What's up? And I fucked with you. How you feeling now? It felt like I'm in the league now. you know what I'm saying? Like, you know, your youngsters playing in your backyard in high school. You just got drafted and now you in the league. You know, now you there. You gotta show 'em proof. You can't just be anonymous. Right. You know, everybody gonna see what you do now. Before we would make records and put 'em out, we didn't know if anybody was gonna ever, you know, see the light of day. But now you know, you at a point where everybody know who you are, what you do now you gotta, you know, continue to be great.


You coming into the game young. Right. You talk about them stages where, oh I just want to be, you know, a ghetto superstar around the way, you know, but then it starts growing. Who was a, who was one of the first people that you bumped into that was Like? I mean? It could be anybody, an actor, rapper, comedian, anybody a movie star that was like, oh shit, ICE, CUBE man I love your shit. And you like, oh shit, that's such and such. Oh man. Few different people. You know, getting that from, from you know, Eric Sermon.


Okay. Here getting It from bis marque. You know what I I'm Saying just getting it from ll Yeah because LL was, he was, he was, he was out Before, you know, he was a LL was like LeBron, he was a superstar from day one. Like, And he seen you like man I fuck with your shit. Yeah. You know, and that just, you know, gives you put them batteries in your back to keep doing. You know, Chuck D who you know is my favorite rapper, public enemy's my favorite group. And just being able to know these dudes and talk to 'em and have 'em embrace you.


You know that So you know them dudes, you know Prince Paul gave us a lot of love early in the, they forced him Ds, you know Yeah. Gave us love in the, you know, in the beginning. And it was cool because we was fans of they music and everybody embraced us. Remember we got, we got booed at the Apollo got booed at the Apollo as NW Eazy and NNWA, this is when we only had a few singles out and we didn't perform none of 'em there because they were so raw and, and, and they was like, you can't do these records, you gotta do those records.


So we went in there, you know, kind of unknowns, you know, people didn't know who we are. Were so they started booing then we did, we Want Easy. And then they all, you know, s like, oh okay, that's them, that's them. You know? 'cause we had that video out. Yeah. And so we was like, you know, feeling, feeling fucked up 'cause got boot at the Apollo. We only seen that shit on amateur night at the Apollo. This wasn't even amateur night. Come on the ball. Come on. Damn. We getting this ain't even a show. And so, but we was in the elevator and then Run was in the elevator and Run was like, yo, yo, where y'all from?


You know, you know where y'all catch from? He was like, yo, from California. you know what I mean? And he said, I got a song Easy EI got a song caught. I got a song. You know out, you know Poison in the Hood. You like yo, you do that song Poison in the Hood. It's like man that shit is banging man. you know what I mean? Keep man, don't worry about that Apol shit. Just keep doing what y'all doing. Keep, keep going man. That shit is banging. And we, we, you know, that gave us, you know that motivat us back up because you know if Run say we good God damn it, we good. And next time I came to the Apollo I was solo and That shit was different Then.


It was different. They, they rushed the doors. It was all in the hall. Broke the banister throwing money on the stage. That was one of 'em joints. You left outta there like Yeah you bitch I got y'all back man. I was Like, I got y'all back. My, I came back couldn't tell you. Couldn't tell me nothing after, after that show because going into that show, I'm circling on the counter. The damn New York on the New York on the 21st. Oh shit. Okay. Shit. Okay shit. Y'all ready? We ready man. Remember that happened. Okay. Make sure that shit don't happen this time. Mm. So, but when we got up there, it was all Love and had one of the best shows I ever had. And, and shit they was throwing money.


I'm like you go getting booed to them throwing money on the stage. Like dope, dope boys D boys just throwing that shit up there. It was cool. How Was it when that, when that letter from the FBI came to NWA Well it was kind of like, yo, where you at? Where you at? Boom boom huh? Yeah. Come pick you up man. Brian Turner wanted to talk to us. That Was the president of President prior records. So we didn't really know what he wanted. you know what I mean? We have been up there a few times. Yeah. For different shit. So I just was like, maybe you know, he want to extend the deal.


I don't know what he want to do. You know, I'm just going off a ride. he said, come on, let's go. So we up in there and then he, they all nervous and shit and you know, scared and they're like, yo, we got this letter from the FBI and he was like, man, can you believe this shit? The fucking FBI is like telling us we need to take our record off the shelf. And so easy jumped on. Lemme see, lemme see, lemme see. So he's like smiling and shit. He's like, man this is, this is crazy right here. So we all reading and looking at it. And so I'm like, what they going to do?


Yes we Going to jail. What they going to do? Just this, it just a letter. And then now we laughing 'cause we like this, it like you caught us up here 'cause you got a letter. I mean we know this, this motherfucker, they house kicked in the battle Rams and you know, LAPD the sheriff's actually put they hands on. You ain't, they ain't gonna give you no Yeah. Letter telling you to stop. So we young naive, not really understanding like, man, you know what you all scared about? s like, yo, let's make this shit public. Yeah. Let's get some publicity off of man. And, and and Brian's like, man, don don't know man, we should just lay low I don want these motherfuckers starting to fuck with us.


And so we ended up putting it out in the press and, and it is just like using it. It made y'all bigger though, didn't It? It did. Between that being banned on MTV, those things that where they was trying to like suppress us. It just made us bigger. But, but didn't they come back and mess with y'all after was MTV? Huh? Did they come back and let y'all back in after? Yeah. Yeah, after, after we did a few different tracks. They start, yeah. They end up playing straight outta Compton. But it was a big, it was a big thing about them banning the video.


Yeah. 'cause I remember y'all was driving around in Compton with Fab Five Freddy. Yeah. Back in the day. Yeah. I was like, that's real. How The fuck do you remember that? You was probably like Eight man. I was watching all that shit man. I thought I was a part of the group. I was a member of the Dream C nigga. you know what I mean? You Was one of the mob that got got your ass whooped. You was the only part of the lynching mob used to get your ass Whooped. Well, didn't matter. I was a part of it.


This episode of me and O mworthofgame is brought to you by New. Amsterdam Vodka. Now you know the, you know the, you know the slogan, life ain't going your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your wife cheating today. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that money was coming your way and it never arrived. Shot a New. Amsterdam Vodka is distilled five times. It's filtered three times for a clean, crisp finish. You could drink it straight up on the rock's, juice soda or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. But as you can see this bottle right here, you see where the new Amsterdam was at? We was in here getting busy. you know what I mean? Cocktails and you know, straight shots and you know, however you like it, you know. But it's great for pre-gaming as well. So just know it's NBA is arrived. It's for football season, you know, baseball playoffs. So when you are out and about at your local liquor store, make sure you get you some New Amsterdam Vodka, the official vodka Barstool Sports right Now,


now with this new album. Right. You, you, you brung some legends out with you man. Mm. You got be real. You got Corrupt. You got JD on there from Lynch by like, like how did you do the selection? Like what was it like who was you think, was you thinking him he had sound good on this or was they just around Straight inspiration? Okay. You know, the JD song, you know, I know I wanted to do a song with him 'cause he had just got outta prison and you know, he wanted to show that he was back on the mic. Yeah. It was cool. And you know, the Snoop Too short. Yeah. Short Dog ones E 40. You know, we had just did Mount West. That was a no brainer Then.


I had never done a song with exhibit, you know, And all these years. So it was cool to do a song with exhibit. And then, you know, getting B Real, I wanted to do a a a records, a record where Blacks and Latinos can, can come together. Yeah. You know, so let's Get Money Together is the name of the record. And so it was just pure inspiration and corrupt. David Banner had did a track and Corrupt was out there and jumped on it. And then I was like, man, this shit sound good. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So I I I kind of formed reformed it into a song that, that works for the record.


Did you gonna shoot videos for all 'em features? Maybe not all of them, but a few of them. Yeah. Yeah. Like how do you process it knowing you a director yourself? Do you have somebody else be like, well you do it or you, or do you take on that too? Like, I'm gonna shoot this yo I'm gonna write the treatment. Well I, you know, I definitely wrote the treatment for, for this new video. It's my ego. But I had Gabriel Hart who's done a few of my videos, you know, let him take on the director role. I, I Like I like being in the producer's role and, and being able to kind of, you know, help the whole vision without being locked into it.


Like a director has to be a director has to be 24 7 on this one thing. And I got so many other things going that is better for me to produce. You created one of the greatest movie franchises in our culture. Is it coming back Friday? Yeah, it's coming back. Oh, okay. Yeah it is. Well he could be the me and him could be janitors in the movie. I could chase him around or some shit. Like, and, and and and it's gonna be some big surprises, huh? Yeah. You know, we going to do what we need to do to make it dope. Make it funny, you know, bring it up to date.


Introduce new characters. Yes. Bring back the old characters. You know, just create that feeling that the movie gives you of, you know, people love Friday because Everybody Pretty much experienced It was real. Man that's you high High. He wiped this shit off. What the fuck did that? Somebody eyes shit. Like, I still look high. Everybody in that, every character in there. Somebody knew that from some days. That person from around they way People love Friday. 'cause everybody's lived Frighted. Yep. Everybody, everybody Lived In our culture. Yeah. Hanging out with they homie, with they friend, with they cousin trying to figure out what we gonna do today.


How we make It's tripping off the neighborhood. You know? And so it's so relatable in that way. 'cause everybody has lived a thousand Fridays And it was always that one bad old head in the hood. All that, all that, you know, every aspect. Yup. Sexy. Everything. He had every little part in there. Man. Dude. To get outta jail is just crazy. There's always somebody. But now what's next for Cube at the Man Down? You got The Big three, you got like everything like you got Friday coming. Like how do you keep being staying creative to think of something new? Just keep living. You know, don't press it, don't force it.


Just stay open to the universe to to, you know, give you that inspiration. Like, oh damn, you know that can, you know what I mean? Let me write that down. That can, that can be in the movie or just right here is some cool shit. I'm, I got the right movie. I'm gonna put that in there. So it's just like collecting, you know, these these moments Yeah. Moments and then figuring out, okay, now's the time to use that moment I was thinking about over here and this project, oh that right there could fit here. Yeah. So it's like always collecting that kind of stuff. And you know, you look up, you got enough ingredients and it's like, yo, let's do, let's do this cool project right here.


Listen. Now now when is the tour coming? 'cause I know it's gonna be a tour. Yeah, We want a tour. You know, hopefully early. You know the record gonna drop 18th Nove what? The single drops was 18. The 18th 18 album drops on November 22nd. Okay. So by January we probably have a tour going. How do it feel man? Like, like you, you, you, you know what's so great when we people like you going touring some of our legends, it showed a rockstar moment because in our culture is like, is it like a time limit on it? But it, but no, we got rock stars too. Yeah. you know what I mean? That that tour the world. Like how do it feel when you go out there and you see people that been coming to your shows?


It's like forever. Like how do that feel? You grab that and that thing come on. That good day. Come on to you. Yeah. I mean, or check yourself. Come on. You just, how did that shit feel to this day? It, it feel amazing to, you know, see fans that's been there and then they bring their kids. Yeah. You see different generations coming to the show and you know, it is really, you know, inspiring. It really inspires me to just give 'em their money's worth. You know, make sure that we on point, you know, I don't rap over the lyrics. You know, it's, it's instrumentals and we gripping and we rip it and, and people, they enjoy it 'cause they, they feel like they, you know, they, they grabbing something like a, a piece of, of hip HOPENY history and, and you know, to me that's what it's all about.


It's about staying a pro and you know, letting people see a real hip HOPENY show. You know how I saw when I was young and different fans, different age groups. Love it. You know, you see eight to 80 in my, my show. See bottom line is there's a soundtrack to a lot of people lives. Yeah. Yeah. Because when certain songs come on, Like I said Straight Outta Compton, I took me right back. I was 12 years old. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. Like it took me back to when we was on, I'm riding with my cousin Rice in a Toyota Corolla.


We're on JFK Boulevard and he hit this fucking lady while that song was on. She went 50 fucking feet in the air and that shit was screaming out that Toyota. Wow. Yeah. From a gang called Niggas We at you see in the air and shit. Like, so as you, you grow you then you another song come on. You like, damn, I was in college when that shit came out. There's A person, Another song. Come on man. I was, bless me. Yeah. But either Was maybe she had them titties on. Man. It just take you through a time period in your life and you realize like, yo, this dude really was putting out soundtracks to my life. Because every time a song come on, it take me to a moment in my life where I was at at that time.


So I want to thank you for, for making Soundtrack to my life. And you definitely made a soundtrack to his Life. Because when m came out I thought I was, You've never been a Mack. I'm just saying man it was a, you know, never but but, but it was the idea of the concept of the song. And that song's still relevant to today. Yeah, no doubt. Who's the mack like it is like, think about This's a brain game. you know what I mean, but it's like Lethal Objection or America's Most, what's your favorite album out of them? Two America's Most Wanted. Why You Came? Kicking the Door Down, You know, working with the bomb squad. Squad. Squad, working with squad, everything. You know Eric, Vietnam, Sadler, Keith Shockley, Hank Shockley, Chuck D Yeah.


Production was pretty, it's just a special moment. Starting at 17 Franklin out in Long Island in a warehouse, you know, just full of records. You know, it was like these kind of shelves in there. Just record after record after record. Yeah. And they was like, they come over with two empty crates. Once you fill up these crates, then we can go to The Big studio, like fill 'em over with what? Samples, hooks, baseline, whatever you could find And. all, all of this. So we spent the first two weeks listening things saying, oh man, we should use that baseline just to fill up that crate.


Once we filled up the crate, then we went to The, Big studio started working in Green Street. So the process, we would have people coming through there, you know, from from Kane to Ex Clan, you know, all these dudes just popping up, showing love. Busta Rhymes, EPMD. You had red band back On bus with leaders Coming through K Solo. You know, it was just, just a special time K solo To be in New York and have all, you know, it was just the golden age.


And you know, you could be standing, standing out in front of your hotel, look up and Eric b drive by whatever, you know, you look this way. You know what I'm saying? They Was doing Dana Dane hit the corner on you. Everybody. It was just one of those times and, and you know, you knew okay this is just a special moment. Yeah. In in in life and hip HOPENY and, and it's cool. I'm from the west coast and I'm getting love and embraced and and I'm a part of it. Yeah. Yeah. Now the album coming out. Man Down. November 22nd.


November 22nd. Yeah. 22nd. The scene come out October 18th. Classic. We already know it's gonna be classic, classic cube. But before we leave, being as though you've been here so long, what game do you want to give to the young artist that's trying to figure this out from a legend. This game coming from a legend that's gonna look at this interview and you know, 'cause everybody always looking for information. How do I become this? How do I perform? How do I record? How do I what game could you give a young cat before we get outta here Man, do what you like. Stop chasing. Mm. Don't chase charts. Don't chase streams or this and that. Just do what you like.


You know, break it down to very last compound. Do what you feel, you know what I'm saying? And then put it out. You know, be a real artist. See a real artist. Don't care about what you think. You know when you paint that painting, you finish. He's not, while he's painting, he's not asking what you think. You like it, you like it. Come check a look. Come take a look at this. Not doing that. It's all about do he like it, paint the painting and you put it on the wall and he gone. And everybody walk by and they look at it and then whether they like it or Some people or not.


Like it or not. Yeah. Yeah. The artist could give a shit. Right. Right. He gone. Right. It's on the wall. Right. It's out there. And to me that's where you want to be because last thing you want to do is chase and then You don't catch. Now you put out something that's, that you might not be feeling a hundred percent and it didn't work. you know what I'm saying? I'd rather put out something I'm love that I love and it don't work. At least I like it. Right. Right. You know what I'm saying? But if I put it out and I'm chasing this sound or this, this and that and then people don't like it, now I'm lost.


I don't know what to do. I don't even like it. So be a true artist. Just do, do what you like. Do what you feel. And if it's fire, people will, people will join on. If it's not fire, maybe you need to do a little something else that you like. Right. Do a little something different that you like. Right. But always make it where it's a, it's not a outer thing but it's an inner thing with your creations. Well we appreciate you for coming through. Appreciate you og. If y'all ain't get no gain from that young artist, put something on the wall man. Yeah. Stop sitting around. Stop letting the wall be naked man. Throw some shit up on the wall.


Keep it moving man. Throw some shit up on the wall. Keep it moving next wall. Keep it moving. That's how you win. Shout out to the legend man. ICE. CUBE man for coming through. Hold up. I got, I listen, I think you need to have, I gotta put this out there. Almost not. You should have CO MVP so 'cause I would've got that with you. What the fuck? I would've got four points. I got four points. He did. That was the most you ever story. That was The Big point. That was fucking mom. When that shit clu, I, didn. They were clut Points. That was clutch points. didn didn't. We needed Them. The fact, fact that he had a girl on guard him. We ain't gonna throw that out. Nah, we ain't gonna throw that out. She was a professional. Nah, don don't give off. She played play the devil. She was five two. We, it Don't matter. I was never pro.


And you bullied, you ran all into it. didn didn't Do that. Let, let me, let me just say this, you know Steven Jackson set the tone for the league When we first started Stack, He was like, yo, ain't got no friends out here. I'm going at your ass. You better come at me. That's Jack. This is not gonna be no bullshit. All star looking the game. Yep. We about to play for real. And that's the spirit of The Big three. Yep. And how you play, You heard what I told Professor, How you play? You Going, you signed up for this shit. Yeah, that's what I'm Saying. You, you signed, that's the spirit.


But Q Qq was slick. That's the spirit. Q was slick though. Qq walked and he, he, he put the flame on me. He put the gasoline on the fire. What? he said, we all standing there waiting to come out q walk up. he said he going to give it to you today. I go, right, and you signed up for this shit. Yeah. That's, that's The, Big three, you know what I'm saying? Like Threw gasoline Out. I'm whole time. I'm Like, I gonna kill him. Guys. I already knew what everybody was thinking. They got Professor Gil winning. They was telling me, you ain't getting MVP this year. GILLIE Inc. He got the professor. They, he said All. right. Watch this Shit. CQ walked right up and doubt me. But he knew what he was doing. He ain't really doubt me. He wanted to give me a mind, he wanted to change my mindset real quick.


he said, he gonna work you out, man. What, what he, you shut up. He snapped out. I loved It. That's what I love, man. You know, the, the spirit, the competitive Absolutely. And not being afraid to put it out there. Right. you know what I'm saying? Some people, they can play, but they gonna be quiet till they start hitting. Right. you know what I'm saying? Right. Like you come out the gate, zero, zero you talking head. Right. You talking trash. Right. You know, you Mike Beasley was Snap. You got your Yeah. You know, it's, it's how we, how we played the game. Right. That's, that's how the game is supposed to be played. And the beautiful thing about The Big three right.


Is that you see posts that go up from The Big three or certain players and you see in the comments people saying how he not still in the league. Yep. You always, that's, you see that all the time. How, How this guy not in the NBA, The way they play with so much passion and he, So it's beautiful because just like any, anything that's a huge business. There's a lot of politics that come into play. Yep. A lot of them. So the fact that you can showcase some of these guys and it is still questioning like, wait, he's supposed to be playing in the league or Overseas calling like, yo, he come over here But he in The, Big three.


That's Big. It is. You know, it shows that we are at a professional level. Yes. With The, Big three. You know, you can't just walk out there and get buckets unless you GILLIE Oh. You know what I'm saying? Unless You GILLIE, Lemme get my thought. But for The most part, for the most part, you, you know, you got to, you know, be at the pro level to, or you gonna get locked up out there in The Big three, you know, so it's, it is really, it's what the league is supposed to be. Absolutely. It's it not supposed to be a cakewalk. It's supposed to be hard. It's hard to get a win. Right. You know, they play hard.


The defense is hard. Everything is a little rougher than, than just the average and the norm. And that's how I like it. Absolutely man. We appreciate you for pulling up, man. Appreciate shout y'all man. Man Down always. Yeah. November 22nd. Go get that. Oh yes. I'm in my ego. Yes. October 18th. Man, check it out man. And it's out here. Me, Alice River Game. ICE, CUBE, the legend. Like, just like, just like right.