
Hey Million dollars worth. Of game listeners You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube? Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right?


This episode of Million Dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by JackPocket Feeling. lucky. Hmm. Well get ready to try your Luck. Whip JackPocket, right? America's number one lottery app. Whip JackPocket, right? You go to Powerball and make a million tickets right on your phone. They even have official state lottery games, so you could just whip your phone out right here. You know, wham, you download JackPocket, right? You could. You could write official state lottery games. Powerball Mega Millions right here. It's that simple. Every day they are millions are for grabs right on your phone. You should try to get you some New. customers can get a free lottery ticket using Code GILLIE. That's GILLIE All, right? That's Code GILLIE for a free Powerball or Mega Millions ticket. Don't wait. Download JackPocket now for your chance to win. And if you, you so happen to win off my ticket. Don't forget a player. You know I ain't asking you for nothing, but I'm asking you for something. Make sure you download JackPocket though. America's number one lottery act promo code GILLIE. Get that free ticket man. This might be the ticket to change your life. You never know. New customers get your free ticket using cold gilead JACKPOCKET dot com. JackPocket America's number one lottery at Gambling problem. call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2 non withdrawable credit. Prize amount may differ at time of drawing terms. JackPocket dot com slash toss slash free. Dash ticket dash promo slash


You're now tuned into yes, me, me Min. Million dollars worth for baby making. See, 'cause what's going on is this Gil's going to tell you I've been shooting blanks. Right? Because I ain't had no babies yet. Right. He gonna tell you I've been shooting blanks. That's not true. I'm gonna tell you got a cab gun. That's not true. Yeah, it it is going to happen real soon. That's all I'm gonna say. It's gonna happen real soon. So we wanna congratulate Jack Queasy, you know little boy man, you in the game now man. How you feel man? I Feel good bro. I'm a real father. A real father. You wake up in the morning and you like Look at, look at my man. Look at Little man right there. Every how I wake up in the morning, I look at him, you feel me? I just be Like I kiss him. I just be like, man, that's really me bro. Then I walk with him when he get up. I got all my plaques and stuff in the crib.


I call it like the, like the Hall of Fame. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I walk him down there, I'd be like, bro, you see your daddy? I'm like, bro, you can do that too, bro. You see what I'm saying? Da football, come on. I'd be like, well you know your people play football now. You know you can, you know what I'm saying? You can get into that bro. You can be what you wanna be. Now he just be staring at I be, I be knowing like he can hear me dog. You feel me? Yeah. Like it be real. It be. It's super hard. I just got off the phone with him. Deandre just called me and she put him in the phone like, bro, you see your daddy? I got it on now do that. It looked like he was was, he started surrounding looking at his head. I was like, okay, well boy start to understand. It's just a good feeling Bro. You know all that shit in your head. Right. Yeah. he said, he said this, Hey bro, he talked to, he talked to Louis six months.


he like, man you could do it too. He was like, Y kid, that nigga boy, he just a proud daddy. Yeah. He ain't say none of that. Hey, when you a proud daddy, you see shit. You nobody Else. Yeah. you know what I told him, I got that shit on. he said you do dad. Yeah you do. He ain't say nothing. he like, you look crazy dad. He said Gimme some milk man. Yeah, now, Now this what I want to know because yeah, He, yeah I nigga stupid because You just fucked this whole thing up. he like, man he might Be right. He talking about he hear me And all that. He, because I know that because I heard that. What the fuck you say? I Heard that like the proud father man you make, you just, You See shit that Don nobody else see for real time right now.


Now this what I wanna know because how old is you? I'm I just turned 30. You Just turned 30. It's it, it's for sure that me and Gil was made off of baby making music. We don't know about you. You could have been made off of Tupac or some shit. you know what I? Nah, How do You, you know what's a different vibe as we got you What I'm saying? I'm just saying it was different. Right. You right now. Now was your baby made off of baby making music and if he was, what was and if he was, what was it? What was the music y'all was listening to? I believe my baby was made for my music. Well you was playing your own shit. Yeah, I always, Oh okay. You s it. Damn, that's a hell of a thing to be Singing your own shit too. I would play my own. I'm gonna keep it all real. That's playing shit son. My like when you could be like, because you know if I got a woman I can surprise of a year.


I can't never get her to the beach. And then we pull up and there's a piano out there and I'm just like, woo. Yeah. Yeah. All that shit. Yeah. You know you getting some ass that night. You out there champagne, you singing to her, somebody playing the piano or you play the piano or you win. That's some real players Shit. Yeah. Some real serious shit. I can't never, you know he used to win a talent show in prison, Don. Okay, Don Don't don't go for that shit right now. Talent shows in prison. Don't Go for that. I was only in one shut up nigga. Swear. Yeah, but that's another story. He Guess what song he was singing? Whitney Houston. He lying. He lying. I didn't sing that song. Every You already know he lying.


But, but, but let me ask you this now he's a fucking nut. No, I threw his throat off. He threw my thought. I got my She laughs You think thinks don't do that biggie. So, so, so in the process of this is this, this what I want to know when making this album, they be making music A lot of babies these days. You could tell they wasn't made off of baby making music. 'cause a lot of 'em is crazy than a motherfucker. Right. It wasn you like it wasn't No, because they ain't got, motherfucker ain't got no smooth bone in they body. They just doing a bunch of crazy shit. Ah, ah. They jumping around all day. So it's like there's some crazy shit going on. When you was making this, what made you title with that? Why did you title with that? Well honestly I had got an idea from Stunner, you know what I'm saying?


He was like, man, you just had a baby. You know what I'm saying? You need to put out something that's, that makes sense with, with your life right now. You know what I'm saying? He was like, ain't nobody ever made no project called baby making. It's a bunch of RB niggas. You need to make a project called Baby making. I was like All. right. That makes sense. you know what I'm saying? I was like that, I'm gonna do it. You know what I'm saying? And I started making the music while Deandre was pregnant, you know what I'm saying? So I was, you know, telling my, my, my camp like look, we need to make songs like this, you know, gearing towards this. 'cause we always made music that was talking about sex, you know? But it wasn't like love, you know what I'm saying? It was always just like All. right. Yeah. I know you want love, we wanna fuck like da da da, shit like that. But this was different 'cause it's like I'm in love with shouting so it's like this a love baby.


You know what I'm saying? So if we talking about sex, it's, it could be love. It's like it's more mature. People are accepting different, 'cause adults making love, you know? Of course young niggas fucking, that's what they say. But adults making love. So I feel like this is my album of like the love, like making love. It's sexual but it's like love making, you know, you like that's a part of love. You know, sex, you know when you, when you grown. Yeah. You know. So that's what this feel like, it feels like, it feel like, you know what y'all came up on like the key sweats, you know what I'm saying? The, you know, the original king RB you know, it feel like all that, you know, it's, it's, it's exactly that and it's, it's that mold. You know I got records like Margie Sex that talk about, you know, a woman in a beautiful dress and how y'all can't make it out the spot just because this gorgeous dress You don bother.


She can't even believe it's real. She think it's some middle of the mall shit. you know what I'm saying? Y'all can't even make it out the crib. You know what I'm saying? You got baby making like, you know, she make you feel so good. You like damn I just, I wanna make a baby. You know what I'm saying? Then you got a song called the Graduation. It's like going to the club but you like, man we done grew outta this shit. Like we can graduate from this and go somewhere and make love. Like this could be our everyday thing instead of the club. Like every Friday, fuck going out. We could be making love. You know. So I got, you know songs called Touchdown, you know, where I kind of like put you in a mind of like sports and different things like that. But I'm, you know, it's talking about making love touchdown in the city and you know, doing all that. And it made sense for, for the lady on with, you know what I'm saying?


You know, just mixing it all together and just bringing it home. You know? I think this is one of my greatest projects because it's so consistent just back to back. It's, it's on, you know how sometimes you make a album And, all the songs be good but it's kind of like this one over here. That one over there, that one over there, this one just, it's just like a movie. Like you could just press play. It is like this scene, you could see it, that scene. It is like, it's like a beautiful scene. you know what I mean? It's like this. You press play. Especially if you like one of y'all bro. Y'all with y'all lady? Mm. You know I know you be With two all the time bro. You feel me? You get in a con play this, it Is up. You know what I'm saying? Shout out to Deandre. She, she, she made a nigga tie sneak up and throw 'em up on Wire.


Nah, for real. The motherfuckers up there, she sat a nigga down. But that's what it feel like. That song get explained because you know spell, you know when you wanna be with your lady, you okay for a motherfucker to sit a player down her real player, that's something for that nigga ties Chucks up and falling the fucker up on the wire and gotta walk past and watch him hanging off the fucking wire. That's different. What's That? Because you know, once you threw the jump, you knew your dick go up there too. Right. Straight up. You know that come part of that rich, your dick go on the shelf sometimes too. Straight up. Get in an argument. Motherfucker won't be mad for five days. You like you pussy ain't mad though. Like you mad but your vagina ain't let me get some shit.


You gotta go through that too though, when you're married All. right. I mean you, you know. So get ready, Get ready man. Now how do you, how do you stay vulnerable in your music? In a, in a, in a world where it's like people are so aggressive towards women these days. It's like, it's like, it's like people be Like, I don't know. 'cause I was talking to a young kid, he was like, damn I don you buy flowers. How you do? I said when I'm with a woman, I ain't gonna be nonchalant. I'm gonna let you know. Listen you the shit baby. I'm on. You get these flowers, I'm gonna let you know I miss you. I'm going to be on it. I'm gonna put this pressure on you in the way. You gonna be like, you going to feel this shit Like. I know his decision. I know that he's on me. It ain't no, I gotta guess he ain't pressed. 'cause you know a lot of dudes hit him with the joint. Oh I ain't pressed I'm cool until, until somebody else slide up in him and now you know somebody else, she's somewhere on a vacation somewhere.


You like you can't reach it now you're like damn, what's going on? No, no. How do you maintain? 'cause everybody on some shit Like don don't give a fuck. I'm a player. So how do you maintain your vulnerability through the music in this culture of now and the mindsets of now? Well really honestly how I do it is I just always tell myself like I'm, you know what I'm saying? I always tell myself like man, I'm not these dudes. you know what I'm saying? No matter what Like, I ain't these niggas, you know what I'm saying? Like, like 'cause for like at one time I had got caught up in it. You know what I'm saying? I felt like, like not with my music or nothing 'cause I was always catering to women. But you know like a part of you, if you do that sometimes it's gonna just, it gotta match up. Everything gotta match up. you know what I mean and you know, it was just at a point where I was like, man, Like, I felt Like.


I was moving in a way that wasn't matching my music or who I wanted to be. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like it's like okay you singing about these type of things but in the streets you moving like this, you know what I'm saying? Like it's not adding up. You get what I'm saying? And I, and I used to just tell myself all the time like man, I'm not these dudes bro. Like even if I'm from there, you know what I'm saying, I'm coming at a different angle. you know what I'm saying? I'm Like, I'm coming different Like. I'm not running like these niggas, you know what I'm saying? Like, I can't get caught into that. 'cause I, at one point it felt like all the girls was falling for that. You dig what I'm saying? So you know, if all the girls falling for something you like damn maybe I should fall into that shit. you know what I'm saying? But then when you realize like, nah, I could see through this shit like, you know what I'm saying?


This shit, all this shit kept like let me just be me. You know what I'm saying? And that's what got me, like living how I'm living now and then speaking in my music too. you know what I mean and it's like it's, it is very vulnerable because I'm with somebody I could be vulnerable with. you know what I mean? Like that's very important too. Like sometimes as men we could be with somebody and you spill out your heart and then they can make you feel like a sucker about it, you know? And then that's when you go in your shell like, man I ain't no sucker fuck you then. You know what I'm saying? Nigga starts saying words. He don't even say like, like me, I never really called a woman a bitch before. You know what I'm saying? It was something that I was just like, eh. Even when I be having conversations, like sometimes like, you know when, when God, when we talking or so we might not mean and be like, man you know this bitch like, you know what I'm saying?


I remember I'd be like ah damn that shit didn't feel right. you know what I'm saying? Like in my heart you feel me? Like damn that don't feel right. you know what I'm saying? Because my momma ain't raised me like that. You dig what I'm saying? Like so you know when I started falling into shit like that I was knowing like damn I'm like that ain't how I need to be. You know what I'm saying? And then, you know, I get into something new, you know, and doing, doing all that, you know, it just, it just got me feeling like okay, I can be Like, I want to be Like, I can Like, I can be like, you know, it's not lame to be like this. Like, you know what I'm saying? I could be like, you know, ain't got me feeling 100, you feel what I'm saying? And I think that's, that's just gonna show in my music. I'm very vulnerable, you know, very vulnerable. I'm not afraid to tell how I feel my insecurities if I ever have any, you know.


'cause everybody got insecurities no matter what they are. So What's what's, what's one of your insecurities? I think me, no matter what Like, I never, I don't like to hear people like women on with or something like talk about they past, you know what I mean? Like guys they bear with, even though I don't give a fuck about 'em or nothing like that, you know what I'm saying? I could be cool nothing, but I just don't like to hear about it. you know what I'm saying? I think that's just something don don't Wanna hear about. No nigga laying or down or Spraying or that. Nah, Bring regie up bitch. Yeah, that's one of times you say bitch don't bring Regie up bitch. Yeah. You Feel me? I don and that, that's just something with me, Like I because I feel like I'm so who I am. It's like, and then the past is the past, you know what I'm saying? Like you say like, like, like, like like you know like we was just talking about, you know what I'm saying? So for me, I think that was something I never voiced before.


But I think like me, I don't like to hear about past things because if we on this right now, it's just like, like if I hear about some, like if I'm with someone they bring up, they past instantly make me wanna bring up mine. you know what I'm saying? Like, oh well I used to do this with such and, and you might Go back to that old nigga. It just make me just, you know how I do it just make you, it's a defense mode. Yeah, defense. It's a defense mechanism. You might really don't mean it. Exactly. Yeah. you know what I What I'm saying like it'll bring someone outta you be like, damn, I ain't even wanna play myself like that. I ain't wanna, I got petty 'cause I feel as though they took a little, let me get petty. But now I'm on some shit where it's like no matter how I feel, I'm I'm, I'm on some like I'm on some Like. I never been how I am now. Like the type of person I am now. I've never been this person before. Like I literally think about everything, you know?


So I could be feeling some type of way but then I don't like, you know what I'm saying? Like I was, yeah. So that Mean you reaching a higher level of peace man. Man for sure bro. Like I know I'm getting up bro. I was having a conversation with my uncle last night. We was talking about some shit.


This episode of me and os mworthofgame is brought to you by GAMETIME. You know how much we love GAMETIME now with their brand new GAMETIME picks features. They're making it easier to get to the game. GAMETIME picks filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats so you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. I was looking at tickets to a six A game you know of like, you know, a while ago trying to get there, right? And I saw amazing GAMETIME picks deal for great seats only on GAMETIME. Just pull up the chosen event. Turn on GAMETIME picks settings at the top of the stream or browse the best local GAMETIME picks deals near you on your GAMETIME app homepage. What are you waiting for? I'm going to buy those six er tickets right now with GAMETIME GAMETIME picks. You hear me? The best way to get your seats download GAMETIME app today and use code dollars to easily score great deals with the new Gametime Picks. The dollars is spelled D-O-L-L-A-Z. What is it? It's GAMETIME, right? It's no better time than GAMETIME. Get in tune with it. Download right now. Get into the game GAMETIME.


Right. And I was just like, bro it ain't even in me. I just want to, I was just saying like if I did it, it would be just be something I wanna do. Like it was just some dumb shit we was talking about. And I was like, but that's how I know I'm MA mature bro. I'm like, even with my relationship, I'm like bro this the, like I'm very loyal in my relationship, you dig what I'm saying? Like I don't cheat. You dig what I'm saying? Like even no matter where I came from, you dig what I'm saying? Like where I am now is like See you could grow fellas and That shit real though, you Feel me? You can grow because you see the way he said that shit he, he can't believe he had this Like, I don't do shit. Yeah, I couldn't believe it though up. But then I said, I'm like but that got everything to do with me. Not even her though. You know she falls into the, she falls into that, you know what I'm saying?


Like me being loyal to myself, everybody that's with me, they get the best of me. You know what I'm saying? Because that's just what it is. Like, I realize like when you're trying to just be faithful to a girl in a relationship, it ain't gonna work if that's the only thing you're trying to be faithful to. You dig what I'm saying? Because it's like that shit not, it's not gonna work like something going, it is not gonna work. You know what I'm saying? You gotta be disciplined in every area and that's what make that really just like be easy. You feel what I'm saying? Like You don't even realize like damn, I ain't even realize I ain't even been out here with he, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like then when you think about it you're like damn that's crazy. But then it's the right thing to do. You feel what I'm saying? Like I think about like my uncle told me like you gotta think about the risk and the reward. Yeah. You know what I'm saying?


Like it's like for me now I got too much to lose to be playing with anybody. You dig what I'm saying? Like and he, he always have me, you know he talk to me and think, he like Bro you gotta think about your son you dig like like like if your son grew up and you wasn't with his mama, the nigga gonna question you and be like damn. Then he find out something he gonna say Damn my daddy the reason my family ain't together, you know what I'm saying? And no matter how how it is, he could grow up and be like you know still rock with you as his boy. You know what I'm saying? But still know like damn because you know niggas be close to they momma regardless, you know what I'm saying? Because they momma going to talk around them, you know what I'm saying? They going to hear stuff that probably ain't true. They momma gonna say a bunch of shit ain't supposed to be said, you feel me?


Just keep it real, you know? Of course don't get me stuck, you know what I'm saying? But it's Like, I want try my best. Like I told Like, I told everybody from day one like I'm gonna try my best to be the best man I could be. You know what I'm saying? Because I feel Like I even owe that to myself because you know I like my mama really was, you know what I'm saying? Everything for me, you dig what I'm saying? Like you know I love my daddy for sure that my nigga, you know what I'm saying? But my mama was everything for me. Like everybody know it. She was the rock. Yeah. Like they know like oh that's Rosie's son, you dig what I'm saying? Like they gonna see this and be like, oh Rosie I seen your son, you dig what I'm saying? But it's like for me, you know what I'm saying? And it's like my mama always had an example of a great man, like my sister father got killed when he was 21.


You know what I'm saying? That was my mama first love, you know what I'm saying? And she always would use him as the example of a great man. Of course my dad a great man, woo woo. But that was her first love how we was talking about earlier how you could be, you know what I'm saying? But she got off of that 'cause she remarried and different things like that. But she still knew so young what, how, how that felt to be loved that young. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So I would always be like dang I wanna make somebody feel like how Alfie made my mama feel, you dig what I'm saying? Like that was his name, you know what I'm saying? And I was like man, Like, I wanna make somebody feel like that. And you know when I got with D, you know what I'm saying? Like you know every relationship I was in I was trying to do that, you know what I'm saying? And then when I got with D I'm like man, you know this feels like what I was trying to do.


You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm at peace. Like, you know what I'm saying? The biggest thing I always wanted to do, I wanted to have a baby. You know what I'm saying? I was, I wanted to have a baby so bad, you know? But I know God only gives you, he only, he only gonna give you what he think is right. You know what I'm saying? Like you could be trying to have a baby with whoever but if God don't think it's right, it's not gonna happen. So when, when, when this stuff happened with me and Deandre I'm just like man God I know Like I know it gotta be meant to be. you know what I'm saying? And then when I had a son I'm like man I know it like you know it's like like 'cause you know they say you have a son first. It's powerful. you know what I mean Like you know you have a little boy first. It's super powerful man. And I'm just like dang like you know we Knew you, we knew you happy to be a dad but you was making shit up.


I never heard That. Nah for real. No this shit got it. Had you like that though bro, you feel me? It Got, he so happy to be a Dad. He just got me in a different mindset bro. Like a different place nigga. Like think about it though. Nigga got something to really live mom. He so happy to be a damn Bobby Making shit you feel me? Like for real. He said have a son first is the most powerful. That's what they say though. I never heard that. Nah bro. That's what they say bro. You have a son like you know how most niggas be out here in the street, they have a daughter and then they be like that's your payback nigga. You had a daughter, da da da da da. You know what I'm saying? No that's Some raggedy street shit we came up with. Well that's shit. You was a raggedy street nigga. That's why you had daughters. No he had had daughters because that was in the genius I don know.


But this shit I'm on, it got me thinking like, hey man I had my son first. This got me thinking I'm on some special shit, you know what I'm saying? Keep Thinking that them brother you gotta fool yourself Sometimes. Nah you gotta but you but you gotta think about life. You gotta have your own beliefs in this shit. You better do. You dig what I'm saying? Like that's how you gonna goddamn get to where you gotta go. If I'm sitting here around here running around believing in what you believe in, I might not make it where I need to go. You dig what I'm saying? Like so this shit that I believe in got me where I am today. Right. Got me not drinking for eight months. That's a blessing. That shit got me like faithful to my lady. That shit got me. You dig what I'm saying? Don't think about it though Was the nine. But you feel me? I done lived that life though, you feel me? So I can, I can really look back on shit and be like damn boy I used to got damn you get what I'm saying?


Boy I done had goddamn see a nigga with a whole life why used to got you feel what I'm saying? Yeah, whatever. You get what I'm saying? It's like the shit that I'm believing in now bro. You gotta think like even how me and Walla was talking earlier about niggas stuck on same friends all type of shit. Like I had one of my close friends bro. Nigga ain't hit me when I had my baby. You dig what I'm saying? Yeah. And the shit had me feeling like damn no matter what we going through, I thought like when new life come in the world everything stopped. Hell you my partner. But that could have been some funny street shit I grew up on too. You dig what I'm saying? No He's just a nut. But we ain't never read this shit nowhere either. That's some more shit that we just believe in. We we, we all believe that if a, if life is brought into the world, the world stops. But where do we read it at Like I I'm not sure. Is that biblical?


you know what I'm saying? I'm not, I don't you Be making a lot of shit up dog. We just No but that's some street shit though. Yeah the world post I'm thinking I know I'm just, if you have a baby right now, You don Wallow get into some shit by a million dollars worth a game. If that nigga don't call you I'm gonna think y'all relationship was ka. You Know what I'm saying? I'm be like oh them niggas was capping is they really cousins? you know what I'm saying? Them niggas probably Kevin 'cause it's certain shit there's certain moment but you basically saying it's certain moments that supposed to bring us together. Right. If life come or life go other than like yo bro, But when shit like that don't happen they'll let you know who that people people Is. Yeah. You like damn what the fuck was you on? You hate to do That that much because it is like bro, if me and you, if me and you was going through something, no matter what we going through, when I have a son you can reach out to me bro.


You have a child, I'll reach out to you bro. You got a death in your family, I'm gonna reach out to you. Reach out. It's just, It's certain shit You do. It's just certain shit that is supersede what we going Through. So when certain shit don't happen, that shit let you know what level you staying with people. Right. Right. It's certain like when And that's when you, that's when you, that's when you get the new number and see who gonna reach to you. Right. Yeah but the people because the people that need to get to you gonna get to you facts when you get a new number and I'm talking about the business shit. But the people, when you change your number, I changed my number and Gil from the rip get the the immediate circle. They got your new number but anybody and anything that's meant for you, somebody damn I'm trying to get Jackie for the show. Damn I'm trying to get you for this brand deal. Them people going to get to you or they gonna get to somebody you need to know. Of course. So you ain't gotta worry about everybody else that was removed.


'cause a lot of times we say man I can't change my number because I got too many man. All that shit you can text every day text 15 people that need to have a deal here. My new number here, my new number. But people always make excuse. It was something you said. Right. It's very important I think in in our community. I think we missing that part. You said your mind changed and you know you just wanna be faith, you wanna be right. I always believe that when you have a child with a woman, whether you together or not, the way you treat her, the way you respect her, the way you love her is the way it's going because the energy is going to reciprocate and come out to your baby. Because, because what happened is in our community a lot of times I see that we have a kid by somebody and sometimes it don't go that way.


And it starts a lot of it be a lot of tension, a lot of rage, a lot of sometimes and it's Like, I don't think sometimes as as as men, especially as black men. We gotta understand that that shit trans, that energy transformed to her, transferred to her baby because she now she's strong. She just out of and now she not. But when she being loved you, you, you putting that love on her, you putting that respect on her. You taking care of your business as a man. As a man, just being a man. Damn this, I gotta make sure this right. I gotta make sure that right. I gotta make sure I respect you right. 'cause the baby is watching and listening. Even when they behind the closed door, even when the door closed because we heard, we heard everything growing up. No matter if the door was closed, they was downstairs, upstairs, outside.


We heard that shit And when we heard that it built resentment either way. Facts. Damn she she threw that bottle at my daddy. Damn. He said that to my mom. We might couldn't say nothing 'cause we wasn't old enough to say something. But the resentment is generational keep, we never forget. We never forget. That's the thing. So it'd be like if you got a a woman, y'all got a kid the way you talk to her, the way the baby is receiving all that, even if they a child because the way the mom might grab 'em the way the mom might is the aggression come with the disrespect, disrespect, birth, a lot of aggression. And I think a lot of times we seen it so much to where's dope. It's like a, we just take on it like, oh this is how you supposed to be. No I had to check the bitch, I had to bro what where do you learn that at?


But this episode of me and Os mworthofgame is brought to you by DRAFTKINGS. The NBA is finally back. A new season means new ways to get into the action at DRAFTKINGS Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA who's draining threes from BNA Hark, who's crashing the boards, who's grabbing rebounds? Get behind your favorite players and the prop bets you can make on DRAFTKINGS the home of the NBA props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to Draftking sports book app and place your bet first time New draftking customers bet $5 and get 200 and in 200 and bonus bets instantly. Just a simple $5 bet to get you 200 and bonus bets instantly. But you gotta put in promo Code GILLIE so I don't care what sports betting. Whip your phone out right now and download DRAFTKINGS. Get this, get this dose. Get it. Bet 500, BET $5. Get this 200 in bonus bets man. Promo code GILLIE. Do it right now. Turn that 200 bonus bets into something nice man. Take it to the rack with DRAFTKINGS Sports book. Every point counts. Download DRAFTKINGS Sportsbook app and use code GILLIE. That's code GILLIE. The crown is yours. Put it on. Wear it right DRAFTKINGS. Right Gambling problem. call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly. On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see d dk g.co/b ball.


But also too, you meet when you get into a relationship it's usually when you approaching your adulthood or in adulthood. A lot of these women is facing the motherfucking traumas they have since, since since birth man. True. So that shit ain't got nothing to do with you. You can come in, you could be the, you could be captain fucking nice guy. Hey we ain't want something to eat. This bitch is destroyed man because her mama was destroy. Grandmother was twist, a twist, Destroyed, twist. Don't put don't put your dick into that. That's what that's what I'm saying though. But Lemme just give it to who you wanna be arguing with the bitch and your dick. You'd rather argue with her over your dick.


Your dick needs some action. Fuck you talking about. We ain't getting none of this tonight. Your dick like fuck you buddy. Whip me out. Fuck you talking about? I'm tired of being with Pamela nigga and some motherfucking lube whip me out. I want some as tonight man. No But you always hear this, you hear this and you say This a lot and then as a young man think about it. You say this a lot when you 19 years old, there's only two things to get out here. Somebody is pussy and you don't want nothing else in life. Now listen though, when you 19 and 20 But but you say this too 'cause a lot of people say this, watch you have a baby By Yeah So, so certain shit. You can't even be knocking off if you know it's gonna be problematic. Yeah but you and if you ain't got the patience to grow with it to try to go to the process.


But understand, you gotta understand the reason why you, you, you learn as you get older because when you down here you going to make some mistakes. Oh Yeah. Without a Doubt. You feel me? You didn't mean without a doubt to get her pregnant but she, she the way she turned when she was giving you them brains, that motherfucker leg, it was like never before you was like this. She looked up at you looked you in the eyes nigga. Next thing you know you in that ass raw. She talking about give it to me, you talking about alright your leg go out on you. She got you man. You done, you didn't mean to do that. You knew she wasn't fool you but she on demon time.


Demon dime, demon time took his soul. But he's alive. She take your motherfucker soul. You gotta understand, especially when you, you new to the, your dick brand new to the introduction. Oh don't get no shorty. That's done been with some old nigga that's a little older or something. He done showed her some things. What she gets your young ass you done. You sitting there you oh when you making sounds and shit you ain't even, you can make you're done. You ain't rob a bacon. Anything you done, you gotta go through your first heartache. You gotta go through your first acknowledgement of damn I wasn't ready for a lot of women. Ain't shit man because you did. Oh I love her.


You gotta get your heart broke before you start, before you toughen up and you realize I'm fucking Joey. Nice guy out here fucking Ronnie loser. Let me get my fucking life together. Stop loving all these motherfuckers. Hey then you got some motherfuckers every time they meet somebody they, they love them. I love you. Yeah I love you. You got motherfuckers out here just looking for motherfuckers to love. I love you. Then you got a lot of women out here. They just want the other side of the bed warm. That motherfucker been so cold When they they roll over they swing they leg over there. Oh shit. That ain't no he over there. They want the other side of the bedroom. So it is, you gotta weigh this shit out that's up.


You feel what I'm saying? The reason why I went with two back in the day over some other women is because she had structure. Her structure was way different from mines. I never came home and ate dinner at the table with a whole family of shit nigga this was fend for yourself. Nigga I'm trying to cook these sausages for my little sister cooked them motherfuckers. He hiding the cheese come the house hiding the cheese stick in the room. Fucking you hiding the cheese in. The nigga was f for yourself. Shit Murphy. So bro it's all about how a motherfucker was when he was growing up. How they was loved when he was growing up.


How you feel? What I'm saying? The transfer, it transfer. You could, you could get around the chicken. You could love all you if she's fighting a bunch of demons. Yeah it won't work. Shit ain't good. Ain't got true Nothing to do with you man. That's True.


This episode is brought to you by BODY ARMOR Sports Water. The alkaline water that provides real hydration with electrolytes for taste. Everybody's always drinking it. You know at the studio Kev and my production people and they love the sports drink, the zero sugar and even the Flash iv after a long weekend we can get enough. We can't get enough of BODY ARMOR. The sports water in my opinion is the best water on the market. I mean y'all always see when I'm on live I'm anywhere y'all so y'all see that I really do it. This is not just a add eat. I really drink the BODY ARMOR sports water. Get yours today at Walmart or at a local grocery store near you. you know what I mean? Don't forget, get your BODY ARMOR sports water today at a Walmart. There's Walmart's everywhere like Broken Glass or a grocery store near you. You hear me? BODY? ARMOR the best water on the market. Get you something right Now.


I got, I got this. I wanna know this from both of y'all because for some reason both of y'all is RB singers. you know what I mean? Gil, Gil, Gil, Gil. I Was, I was RB and singer. He was RB singer. Say RB he swear he's well he think he could sing. That's how about that. Yeah I can take That All right, take All right. I ain't dis challenge Everybody come. I wanna disrespect you. Now what I want to know is who is your top five of all time? Dead All lie Dead or lie your top five RB of all time. I got did You put 'em in order?


Nah, nah I'm just random. I think the original king of RB we all know who that is. Chris Brown. Who saying if it 12 mine Luther. Luther? Yeah Luther. I probably would but him original King of RB Chris Luther, Luther. I can I, I gotta put Luther and Teddy on one like slash Luther and Teddy and then But you did leave my man out. Nah He might not hold up. Do do Michael Jackson go here. It is up to you. Yeah Michael, Wait when you said the original RB who you thought thought you talking about Michael Jackson.


He said Chris cb? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It Brown. Yep him. And if you missed it, It's his, it's His and He said the original king of RB. Yeah. I'm gonna have to rewind this motherfucker. That shit shot nigga I. don thought you talking about Michael Jackson. I thought what you talking about MA? Tell him that it's Human. I thought Michael was a king of pop Pop RB could be the king of Put in there and I got, This is More don don't even Know how You gotta think this, You gotta put Usher in there. Okay. Yeah You gotta put Usher in there And one more. He got one more. No that was five. That wasn't no five. No I got one more Because he, because he put Teddy because I put Slack.


He put Teddy, he put Teddy in, he put Teddy and Luther together And then you put Mike up there and so man You ain't, you forgetting somebody man don't you do that. Oh you talking about Don't do Juan will go to my room. No you gotta S another one. That's the only one you know cus What you Mean sing another a joint. That's the only one you know. And what you mean when a woman's fed? I think I said everybody It ain't nothing you can do about It. I said that first You ain't say R. He said How how you gonna keep going? You just said hold. You said Chris Brown then you bounced the mic and now you going to RI started with the original King of rv. That's What I thought. You talking about Michael Jackson? That's well, oh you talking about r Kelly?


Okay R You don even leave my man out. Shit. I mean we talking music Don't be Yeah I believe I can fly. I sung that in my pre-commencement in high school. I believe I can touch the sky. You can't sing no cousin Crazy as shit. The tune that he hit was a little different than your joint was just Like I I'm beast. Your joint wasn't anybody trying to sing joint? No, He's alto. What's the difference? I'm beast. Hey that's one of the greatest songs ever though. I believe I I bet you I Come on. I think so. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What the hell is you saying? I Was, I was letting him Oh I don know what you're saying. I was letting him know he you was letting him know he he can't riff like me Mom, you feel don't do that Mom.


I'm a BMF. I'm a bad motherfucker mom. He Hell a BM don't let me wake these joints up. My Can you shut him down real quick? Get a tune man, please. I, I gotta, some gotta hit me like, like that Luther hit Me. This world. We gotta go high note on him man, shut him down 'cause he, you don't even sound right. You sound like a just a person in the crowd trying tos. Get the fuck outta here at a concert. You don't sound like you, you got any musical history? The fuck Out here. You just don't sound like My riff might come to my head. It just might. I can't. I can't think of one off. See I got riffs already. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That Ain't no riff. Yes it is. It sound like somebody, it sound like oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. No. I don. Sometimes I get a little lonely But you That ain't nothing though.


That ain't nothing. See you doing bullshit. You can't do it. Nah don don't. Come on nigga. I need background music. I don only sing. Come on nigga. Nah I don only sing. Oh yeah That was something. Oh okay. I could do that though. That's, that shit was like Do it man. Hit that one. Now I'm gonna show you a way you can do this shit now you can hit the low and I can do the high. It never sound good.


No it sound no you don't know what you doing. Listen, Now you do the low. He can't sound like Shit. I just did it. I like that. Fuck you tough. But that was a hell of a blend. One more time for you. You ready? Hey hey. Oh you getting in there Bad motherfucker Uhuh. No you hype. I'm put the album out. Call old nigga still got it. You hyping him up. But see, see it go. It'd be like this sometime it go like this. Sunshine Blue skies. Please go away. My gas found another And gone away with that with my future.


My life is such a gloom because day after date I'll be locked up in my room. What your cell was saying, I know to you What your celly say. It might sound strange What's say but I wish it would rage. I wish You ain't know I had that C, CC. I ain't gotta go. No I ain't gotta go. No See you ain't know that. Put me on your next album. That's one of my Favorite singers, David Ruff Dave. Man Nigga you ain't David Ruffin, you was oldest nigga. Oh you didn't see Ain't nobody come to see you or nigga. See now, Now this, this is what I didn This What doing the movie? Nah, that's what he told that nigga. This nigga. he said nigga I'm David Roughing nigga That's one of my favorite Come to see you nigga.


Shit. Damn. In the five heartbeats. Don't forget that. Yeah That's that inspired me man. He was on that butter though. It don't Matter. Everybody that everybody listen. All the legends that we know that was legends. I ain't putting nothing out there. They had a little moment man. They helped them. I'm just saying I'm, I'm not knocking nobody but that. They had a little moment so That can't help you. Huh? Man, listen shit man motherfucker you, how you think a motherfucker come through and dance for 20 songs? Straight feet ain't tired the another day and get back up the next day and do it. Fuck you think niggas had a little, they had a little help. They was legend. Give him Harris ain never Had no Help. I ain't saying you brother. I'm just saying Nah, I'm just saying you know Back. he said oh ain't no help help. I'm talking back in the day man. Damn. He said get that K cocaine shit off my knee.


I Ain't put that on his jacket. I'm just saying motherfuckers had a little help back then. Now, now, now.


Morning Tobacco smoke increases the risk of lung cancer and heart disease. Even in non-smokers. This episode of Million Os mworthofgame is brought to you by Swisher. Sweets. Swisher Sweets knows you are all about to level up. And so are they with a family of brands that provide a smoke for any eSSH with Swisher? Sweets is more than a sesh. It's a refresh. Ignite an icon with Swisher Sweets Savor, hand selected pipe tobacco with BLK. Elevate your smoking experience with legend or kick back and enjoy America's broad leave aged for two years and leave. Whether you're gathering your crew for a sess or having a smoke alone. For a moment of reflection, refresh your SES with Swisher. Sweet. Right.


When you, when you know how did, how did you make the call to Coach Prime when he was like, oh shit I gotta call your dad because you got mannerism. I already know, let me just Say this. You know his dads we hell of a protective of our Doors? No for sure I was with him the other night. When Was it when you got In? When you called? That called Like talking about when I got in like Part of the family niggas. Oh you mean like Yeah You made that call like, hey coach, listen. Yeah. You know when did you, when Did you finally get In? You talking about like when was it when I, because You know Bucky, all of they Super Bacon. Oh yeah. Nah, it was a couple. That's my sister the Hil. It was a couple. I had to do a couple different calls. No like introductions 'cause I was a different nigga three times. Damn. You feel me? Yeah.


Introduced as the friend, the boyfriend, then the fiance. This My, oh so he came around. This is my friend. Hey, what's going on? Oh yeah man, I like your music motherfucker. Oh we dating? Nah, see Like I was, nah see I was already like Prime. Of course you know Prime Like I had already followed him on the Grammy. Was Adam like before? Like, like when they gotta to Jackson? Yeah Jackson. So that was before I had met Deandre. For real. You know what I'm saying? So he was already like hit me back like appreciate the love brother. You know what I'm saying? You know how Prime beat love Young and da. But then when I met Deandre it was like okay, when I met him he was like, man that's my little dude like you know told Deandre like that my little dude right there, you feel me? And you know he, he told me from day on he was like, man Deandre gonna ride for you.


You know what I'm saying? he like, she a rider, she gonna ride for you. You know. That's what he told me off the riff. He just kept telling me that like she gonna ride for you do. I'm like for sure, for sure. I wonder like OG said Like. I was like your daddy kept telling me you a rider. You know what I'm saying? And that just stuck with me, you know what I'm saying? And I remember when I wanted to marry, I remember I called his pastor. Okay. Dewey Smith. 'cause we would go out, me and Dere would go out, would Dewey, he took us out once, you know, just to go talk to him, you know, talk to a pastor stuff when we first got together, when we was having problems and stuff because you know we would do counseling and do all that stuff and just For you grew up. Yeah. Yeah. Ca trying to sit me down and talk to me. Stuff like, you know how it goes.


Hot go Lord. What I remember once I got, once I got all the way right, I'm like man, I drove up past the house. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I remember I drove past the crib and I'm like, pastor, I you crack. I wanna marry Deandre, you feel me? And so he was like bro we gotta call Prime. You feel me? So You called Prime? We're Prime say he answered phone Meeting? Nah, he ain't answered that day. We called him the next day 'cause he was on a jet back. He had to do a shoot sign or something. Him and Sha Shallow and, and Bucky. So he called, we called the next day and he just got on the phone and he was just like, he like, you know he told me some stuff, you know he gave me some good game. Some stuff I'll never forget, you know what I'm saying? And he basically just gave me his blessing.


He just told me, you know, just try my best. You know what I'm saying? And did Shallow ever. But that's a real wild fucking dad Who see you gotta think man was tight first. Oh Yeah. You know what I'm saying? See, Shiloh was always mad at me 'cause I ain't never make it to Jackson. Knew it was Shiloh. Yeah. We always S the one gonna be Like. I talked to Shiloh when the baby was born. Shiloh. You know what I'm saying? But we tight though, you feel me? Like. I just seen Shiloh locker room like, hey bro, put Deandre And all the videos bro. That's my nigga. he Like, Hey you need to be And all, what's up? I haven't seen a video bro. Put in the video. I'm like, this nigga crazy. But we was always tight though, and Bucky, you know what I'm saying? So I'm, I'm like everything good. You feel what I'm saying? But it, it start, we had our moments though, for sure.


you know what I'm saying? Just like, but I respect it 'cause they her brothers. Right. I would be like that for my sister. you know what I saying? I start realizing Like, I would be the same with my sister, like a nigga. Like I would be the same way. I got sisters. Oh. R and b Ass ass, you feel me? Nigga trying to, you feel me? Nigga could just break out at any time on my sister when she mad if this swirl over mine. Yeah. All that shit. I told you shit make my sister melting shit when she mad. Nah. But them, my niggas Like I said we had our moments, but it's, it feel like family though, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Feel like, feel like family M saying. Absolutely. Now with this new album, what, what do you wanna get across to the people?


This new album right here is no features. you know what I mean? It's no features. So I want people to understand that Like, I'm really him. you know what I mean? Like not on no arrogant stuff, you know, but like I'm really him Like. I can really hold my own. I can make music. Mm. you know what I mean? Like I can make music. I don't, features are, it's like icing on the cake. Like the cake should already be good. You do what I'm saying? It's all heavy. You know, I usually take my icing off my cake anyway, you know what I'm saying? So it's Like I just think this is just my time to shine. You know? I always talk to people in the industry, you know, people that's connected to, you know, big time people you know like myself.


But they would always tell me like, Hey Jaqui, you should do something that's all you, you know, to show people like all you, because you know I got double platinum, gold, platinum hits. That's all. Me too, you know? So I was like, hmm, this could be the time I could drop my project all by myself. And another thing with this industry is, you know, I rock with everybody but I'm not like, if I ask for something, you know what I'm saying? That person don't do it. You know what I'm saying? I, I don't be mad or nothing. I just respect the game. And this whole year is been like a thing where I felt Like I was I asked somebody for something and they didn't do it and I did it myself and it turned out how I wanted it. So I think that this whole year, like that just been about what I can do.


You know what I'm saying? I think that's been this whole year is like what can JACQUEES do? You know what I'm saying? What can you do? You know? Like for example, I remember when I proposed to Deandre, I wanted Jagged Edge. I wanted a bunch of different people to come and sing while I did it. You know, of course everybody's schedules it, it just couldn't happen. you know what I'm saying? And I remember I was just thinking like, damn, it's not gonna be right. You know what I'm saying? But when I did it how I did it, I was like dang this was perfect. If I would've had somebody singing, it wouldn't have been the same. You know what I'm saying? I thought about Like, I lost 30 pounds this year. You know what I'm saying? No trainer, you feel me? I'm like, if I'd had a trainer bro, I probably would've been in there like not listening to this nigga. you know what I'm saying? Like thinking this nigga just trying to tell me extra shit to do.


You know what I'm saying? Lost 30 pounds. You feel what I'm saying? Like drinking. You dig what I'm saying? Like I done took aa classes before. You feel what I'm saying? Couldn't stop drinking. You feel what I'm saying? Like but you Was off that cost amigos. I I used to like to handoff real dudes A heni warrior. I started fucking with the Casamigos but It wasn Like me. Huh. You Know what I'm saying? But I was more, I was, he, I be Like. I was no better in my heni days. Once I started fucking with that tequila I got was off the bridge. you know what I'm saying? Nigga, every video I Got on brand, I'm off the, I'm like this. Yeah, that shit do something to him. That shit nigga like that nigga crazy. But I'm gonna tell you what else. I did this shit too. What really helped me though, bro. With the, with with just like going back to the album and stuff.


Like, I was watching like Jalen Brown. 'cause I fuck with my nigga a TL Snake. You know we all from the Yeah, that's my guy. Yeah. You know we all tight and shit like clay. You know Clay was like That's a piece of clay. That's a piece of clay man. My clay. Oh Listen man. Let me just say this one thing I loved about Clay, he was a connector. Clay. Not, not just, he was a connector. Clay would call your phone just to talk shit for half an hour about nothing. Nigga you bald ass nigga. What you doing man? Where you at? Man, I, I'm down what's the name? Niggas come To the City. Don't call me niggas. It's a problem up nigga. You know you gotta check in man. Like Clay was just funny. He was always connecting people and connecting people with nothing involved. He ain't have nothing yo, what's the name wanna call you man, make sure you call him. Man y'all two people need to meet. Clay was just a beautiful dude.


I always see his son check on his Sunday running around with Travis Scott right now. Man Clay was little Clay. Clay was shout to Little Clay. Clay was one of the niggas that really believed in me. Like from a Jet, Like, I gotta tell this story about Clay and I'm gonna go back to Snake. Like Clay was like that nigga believed in me bro. Like you feel me? Like, I, remember when I was like 16 and we had a club in Decatur, it was called Obsessions. It was on Glenwood. You know what I'm saying? My high school was like right across the street in the neighborhood. And I remember at this club like they would always have certain artists but you know if a nigga like Chris Brown came, it's like what the fuck? You know what I'm saying? Because like we in the hood, you know what I'm saying? Like Chris Brown coming over here, It's up, It's super up. That nigga came, you feel me? So I'm a young nigga but I'm like I'm going to the club.


You get what I'm saying? Chris Brown coming like this my chance. But God get in there. You get what I'm saying. I'm 16 so I remember we go to the club, we get in, you know the niggas know us at the club. They let us in and shit. You feel me? So I remember We getting in the section like we get to the top Where Brett? Where Chris Brown at? You feel me? I remember one of my partners, my nigga FYB Tevin, I'll never forget. We like 16. That nigga Tevin tried to put his hand out to dab him up when a security grabbed my nigga hand. You feel me? I'm like damn these nigga ain't going for it, you know what I'm saying? I'm like how the fuck we gonna get over that? So I tell Clay, I'm like, Hey Clay, hey you think introduce me to Chris Brown man nigga cuts me out in the club, you know what I'm saying? He was like, man, what? he like man you wanna meet like duh, like woo. he like, I'm not introducing you to him like you need to go get on your shit.


Like you could, you could be that. you know what I'm saying? You could be him like, you know what I'm saying? You need to go get on your shit. Like don't ask me to meet another nigga. you know what I'm saying? Go get on your shit. Like, you know what I'm saying? That shit stuck with me. You dig what I'm saying? And Clay just kept like, hey you like I'm talking about my whole career. You dig what I'm saying? Like, I got this shit on camera. You dig what I'm saying? Like just always Like I. Remember when he was like right before he passed and stuff, he'd call me like, Hey man you need to start checking on your old, your old man. You feel me? he like you, you just need to call me. you know what I'm saying? he like, Like don't want, you know, he like, you just need to make sure you wake up and call me. You know what I'm saying? Like he tell me that and Snake would always be with him 'cause they had a spot together too. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So that's how me and Snake would get close. Like you know when Peter street was really big, you know what I'm saying? Niggas used to go to 2, 5, 5 Peter Street was the shit.


Yeah Like Clay the first one. That's how I started eating Rasta pasta. You feel what I'm saying? Like the pasta that everybody eating the ra pasta shit. Me and Clay, like when I used to drink we used to get the Jack and Sprite, they Had the cigar ball right there. Yeah. We used to just, and then Tip, you know that's how I got like closer to Tip, you know what I'm saying? Like you know what I'm saying? All that shit. And I just remember like going back to Snake with Jalen Brown. I, I watched Snake with Jalen. That's like his nephew or something. Yes. And I watched Jalen Brown like go to the championship last year, the year before last. And I watched him niggas lose, you know what I'm saying? But then I watched the nigga put in all that work go back to the championship. Yes and win and then won the MVP. But I was watching how Snake was putting on his page and shit. 'cause I, you know he was like, hey watch Jaylen like he going like da da da da.


You feel what I'm saying? Like this nigga going like woo woo. You feel what I'm saying? He going, you feel me? And he like watch, you know what I'm saying? And I was just watching watching. I'm like damn this nigga put the work in and went to the championship. They went back and the nigga won any the MVP. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like Snake was saying this shit, you know what I'm saying? So I took that shit when I started working out, I'm like bro I can win a championship 'cause I'm a championship type nigga. I'm Like I just gotta put in the work, you know what I'm saying? I'm like bro I gotta lock in. I'm Like I gotta be on some Jalen Brown shit. You know what I'm saying? Because I'm like this nigga on the team with Jason Tatum. You dig what I'm saying? But I'm like this nigga still won the MVP. You dig what I'm saying? Like niggas ain't see that coming, you dig what I'm saying? I'm like I'm on some MVP shit. Some championship shit.


You dig what I'm saying? And I always use him as the example now, you know what I'm saying? I be like nah I seen that nigga Jalen Brown do that shit bro. He went to the championship, lost went back, won that shit and won MVP. I'm Like, I can do that shit. That's how I feel now bro. Real too. That's like with my album and shit. I'm Like I don't need no features bro. You feel what I'm saying? I'm Like I can, I'm hard enough, you dig what I'm saying? I'm like I'm hard enough to stand up with these niggas, you know what I'm saying? And it's more respectable because it's like oh he dropped that shit by himself and it's hard and ain't nobody making music like this. This shit real r and b is not. And it is straight up this shit really like this shit ain't no gangster music but it's gangster. And when is it out? November the first baby, Baby making baby.


A lot of you know what's crazy. You at the right time. A lot of babies be made in the winter. Exactly bro. Yeah It's why all of us is a bunch of Leos out here Man. Yeah I promise you. Some people gonna made to this Tim Leos, some people gonna be made to this for sure. I promise you bro. It's time next year or something. Them people gonna be saying like Ja my your album be like for sure Lead that man. I always appreciate you man. Appreciate you coming through man. You know you family man. Nah for Sure. Yes sir. So when, so when you, anytime you wanna tap in and you know you got me on this battle. Next time I'm gonna go sharpen my shit up and make sure I drink some hot tea before I come somewhere. Nah, I got you. I'm gonna get you the next time though. you know what I Still had you on Harmony though nigga. Yeah You help me out Down me. That was some bullshit you did at all.


We gotta teach Wallow how to come in on the Yeah he came in Rusty as shit, didn't he? Nah, I thought that was cool. Nah, his shit was great. It was passionate. It was. That was, that's how he did it. I Closed my eyes and listened to it. I'm like this nigga, nigga you got the Passion from singing in the cell. you Know what I get the fuck outta here. You know? you know what I Mean. That whole lot of singer get Outta here Don. Listen. Hey I'm gonna tell you some real shit though. Just on some back shit bro. You can't even tell you did no time though. That's a Great thing. Like. I'm saying like you look like, you know what I'm saying? Like you done got your shit like you like and then I see all the cars and shit. You be buying I, I be comment on that shit too. I be like boy that's hard. don don't know if you see it. That shit be hard though. You doing your thing bro. You nigga came home and got to it. I had To. So you saying that the seven years of being on the streets, the nigga finally look normal.


That's What you No I'm saying this nigga wall, you saying nigga, nigga ain't just pulling up a Walla Nigga. First picture was like this. He lying nigga lying On me. You had to tell nigga out get right. He lying On me. Get outta here. My eyes ain't never like that. You another ass nigga. He another ass nigga. Nah bro, y'all this shit dope though, you feel me Man. Appreciate You man. Appreciate you man. Keep going up man. Baby making man Y'all make sure y'all get my shit too bro. Go get the album baby making. Yeah go go get that man. Everybody man. Right Jack Next album. Him and Gil putting a tour together. They gonna be partnering. don don't know the Name of the group. My next album called Mood too after this one. How many songs Gil? On Gil we got a, it's some shit we supposed to do. We ain't do yet.


Yeah, we Ain't do yet. CI put my business out there. I don't Like I like my shit to be a surprise nigga. Fuck wrong with You. I'm just saying man. And it is just like that right.