
Hey, Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right? You're now tuned into me, me, me, me, me. Min me. Million dollars Mworthofgame. Yes. Today, listen, you got one of my favorite players here. A member from my team, the championship, Boston Celtics. Now I'm gonna tell y'all about this story. Back when I was a kid, I was in the spectrum, Philadelphia. Dr. Dre and Bird was going at it. So as a kid, bird hit a three on. And I don't know why he looked at me and pointed at me and said, that's when I knew the Celtics would be my team. Just so happened they won last year. Y'all know I deal with the winners.


Him and my nephew Tay, they doing what they do. So I got him here today. I'm excited about this man. We gonna wind up winning another chip. This we got rings. Bird hit The three And look, oh, we got is rings, man. That's what we gotta do, you know what I mean? I, you know, we gonna win again this year. But how do it feel to be a champion, man? Honestly. Oh well first appreciate y'all for having me. Thank You man. Man. And we got JAYLEN BROWN in the building. Oh Yeah. They know who he is. They know my favorite, one of my favorite players. They know my team. Everybody know He might be a 6-year-old kid on here that's a six fan that might not know who he is. That's, I feel sorry for him to they six his friends. I'm sorry. Bad. And it's crazy that we had to interview him the day after he Barbecued.


He came down there and threw a barbecue together. Yeah. Threw him on The grill. Come on man. Trust the process. Oh, he, what process? He Bitches he dig his shots already. That's another story, man. We wet started Nah, progress on that NFL championship, Man. Yes. Nah, for sure. Y'all. Yes. What's your team? Me? I mean, I'm, I grew up in Atlanta, so Oh, so Ain't see how he ain't even wanna see your fos? He ain't even wanna say, I grew Up in Atlanta. I grew with the other team. I don't really watch football like that. So there you don't, but I'm a, I'm a claim. My, I'm a, I'm a Falcons fan. Dirty bird from the south. So you know, Falcons, we gonna have our day.


Alright, Lemme ask you a question. No, top Because I knew top soon let ask you a question. Yes sir. The Olympics was this summer you winning in a championship? Being a finals. M-V-P-M-P. Yes sir. Submit your name in the, in the, in the history books. But you didn't get called to the Olympics when everybody know you should have been in the Olympics. How did you feel? Did you feel any type of way? Did you not feel any type of way? Did you say, it's cool, I'll be there next year. I be next time. How did you take It? I'm gonna be honest with y'all. Yes. That's what we want.


That's why, that's why we needed you here. Complete honesty man. I had a great summer. I had a blast. Yeah. I'm, dude, I'm making, I'm in music videos all too, you know. I went to Mecca. I'm traveling the world. Yeah. I mean, because online, you know, people perceive things a certain way because I was saying what I said, what I said, I, I meant what I said about like the shoe industry, et cetera meant what I said about, you know, everything. But that didn't stop me from having a, a great ass time this summer. So like, to be honest, like I was in great spirits.


It was the best summer in my life to be honest. So I didn't miss out to me, you know, even though it'd been great to be there, you know, amongst the great Steph, kd, LeBron, et cetera. Man, I had a great summer. I seen you over there. I've seen you overseas in King move. You and snake. You was moving around man on some king stuff. I'm talking like, I'm like they just get it, get crowned in the country or something. Was they laid, they laid it out for him. Yeah. And the snake was out there running around. Shout out the snake man. Shout out to snake rest in peace. And my brother Clay man, them two dudes, snake and Clay is two major, major. I'm talking about good, good leaders from Atlanta, man that really been holding it down and, and protecting young, talented brothers for years. But I'm gonna say this, you get what big sneaker deal, right?


You did something different though. This is a big partnership. Why, why big? Right. You know, why is why them, why you go that route when you could have went any other route. You could have got tons of money from everywhere. Why did you do the, the partnership? 'cause you ain't got no like sneaky, you got like a partnership. Like why did you do that with big? Well, I think the state of the industry, it just called for like one, a lot of athlete deals that the major corporations have pulled back. You know, they've been more reliant into like cloud and clickbait and, and bots and less invested into like athlete storytelling and you know, actual authentic engagement.


So for me it just, I think the industry called for, I think the decentralization process is here. It's among us, like we see it in different fields is is coming like even in media, you see podcasts emerging, which is taking power from like the ESPNs and these large corporations. You see it in marketing with content and, and on streaming everybody's marketing their products through streams. You can see it in our currency where, you know, bitcoin and crypto decentralization is here. It's the, the state of the world has brought, has brought, has brought us to And why not the shoe industry? I mean it's already happening and, and in Europe with Owen and other brands that are emerging into the market, you know, why not us start to, as a culture start to as athletes, as influencers, as entertainers start to build organizations around our own influence rather than someone else making it off of our backs, off our sweat equity.


So I just think that's where the world is in 2025. And I think we'll be doing the next generation of diff service if we next, if we let the next 10, 20, 50 years go by and it's the same then it, then it was the last 10, 20, 50 years. In talking about value, Do you get, do you have these conversations with other players and if so, do they get, do you get kicked back or do they, do they understand or do they just like, man, I'm gonna get the back. Yeah, What's crazy is you like I talk about this stuff with players all the time. Like my teammates, you know, I'm the vice president of the players association. I've been doing it, I've been doing that since I was like probably like 20, 21 years old.


Like youngest VP in. Yeah, Because you only been in the league what, 10 years now? Almost? It's been 10 years. It's been While. Yeah. Crazy. And that 10 went fast, bro. Fastest. I was gonna say about seven, eight years. That 10 went fast. You gotta remember When we went up going on, When pool was coaching, we went up to that game. How long ago that was. That's crazy. It's been 10 years that I remember you getting drafted. Yes. That seemed like it was just the other day with the third pick of the draft because that's when I really found out about you. Like, 'cause you know I gotta be interested in who ball in getting who certain teams getting. I'm like, that's when I really, really found out about you. I was like, had seen you play a couple times, but Kyle didn't really get as much TV times as they probably should have got when I, you know, I guess on the east coast.


So I only got to see you play a couple times, but I ain. Yeah. I ain't had that machine behind me. Yeah, that machine, that machine is powerful when you had that machine behind you, you know what I mean? Like, I did stuff a different way. I've always done stuff a different way. So they didn't really put those that, that machine behind me. So people didn't really know who I was. Yeah. You think you came undoubted That I came undoubted I think from a, from from a viewer standpoint. Yeah. But people in the industry knew, like Philly knew. Yeah. Like when I worked out with Philly, Philly had this first pick. Lakers had the second pick. I worked out for both of them. And the two picks that were, that were perceived going one and two in the draft was Brandon and Ben Simmons.


So at the time I didn't have an agent, but I was like, this is what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna work out whatever day they flying in, I'm gonna work out the day after them just so I could show the world the difference. Oh, so you, you didn't have no agent when you Went? When I entered the drive, no, I didn't have an agent. I'm probably the highest picked, selected ever that didn't enter with an agent. Why You ain't have an agent? Just when I was evaluating, I went through the whole process and sat with a bunch of people and what they was offering I didn't really need for real. And you know, it was kind of already slotted. So I leaned on the union a lot more and then, you know, they, a lot of the agents came and was like, yeah, we'll we're gonna move you to la we'll get you a trainer, put some money in your pocket, da da da da da.


And I was like, for what? You know? And he was like, do do I gotta get, do I gotta get that money back? They were like, nah. But you know, standard agent fee is 4%. So I'm starting to do the math and the house car and all that. Whatever you was offering is a lot less than what 4% would've been. So long story short, you know, the math wasn't ing for me but I ended up being the third pick even though I took some, you know, I think the, because I came in like that a lot of people tried to, well some of the, I think it was the agents, they tried to like slander my name a little bit, put it in the media that he's too this, he's too that.


It ended up backfiring. But you know, it all worked out in the end. So you said you leaned, you leaned on the union. What game did the union, what game did the union give you to, had you like, alright I can do this With a union Without the agent? Yeah, with a union. We, we pay dues all the players in the NBA pay dues. We all pay like 10,000 or something like that out of our salary. That goes to hiring lawyers, hiring, you know, just staff, CEO see everything that you need to lead a company. Just that works for us. So all of that is our resources that we all pay for that we agree to. So once I learned that, I just started using it. Oh, So you mean to tell me


This episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by Gametime. The best part of college basketball is here. We know you're excited and we are too to watch some big upsets throughout the tournament while we are streaming in the cave. You can get out to see the action in person with Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports Gametime makes getting tickets faster and easier. Prices on the app actually go down the closer you get to Gametime plus the Gametime picks features. Makes it easier to find the great deals on seats. You one, just pull up to the chosen event. Turn on the GT picks settings at the top of your screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. I was looking at tickets for to Jerome Boots in his fight one right on Gametime, right Whip Whip. Show me the best tickets for the best price right there on the app. Guess who's sitting front row me? They've got great, they got great curated deals for all tiers of tickets and you know you're getting a top action when you see the Super deal icon. What are you waiting for? Go ahead and get your tickets to a fight or a game or a baseball game anywhere right now on Gametime picks. Take the guess where. Gotta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app and create an account and use code dollars. That's D-O-L-L-A-Z for $20 off your first purchase terms apply again, create an account, redeem the code, spell it out dollars D-O-L-L-A-Z for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it Gametime?


Who, If anybody have any issues in the NBA they could just go to the players union and they handle anything for you. You for Sure. Security. I'm talking about you can get, you know, private investigations done. They give, you know, they give referrals for financial advisors. They have a list of approved, you Get a trust done, all Type of stuff. All type of stuff. Yeah. Foundation wise, health Insurance, A health insurance, whatever you need. They have a liaison that's paid to make sure that you get it done. Yeah. So I put it on their desk like, I need you to get this done. And they do. 'cause that's their job. So They So that probably was one of the smartest decisions you ever made, huh? One of 'em. Yes. Yeah. One of I don't need. You did, did, did you see, like after you done it, did you see anybody else say, you know what, I'm going this route.


Nah, but I just saw SGA shout out to Shy. I just seen him announce that, you know, he's going into his next negotiation deal without a, without an agent. And I, and I, I tweeted that. I love that because like, you know, it's gonna be like he's just gonna walk in and say Max, that's all he gonna say. That's all he gotta say. Now Let me ask you this question. Do you look at at it like you may be ruffling a few feathers because you not doing it the traditional way. Who is he to think he don't need that Percent? And I hope so, I hope I ruffle all the feathers. Like all of them because it's a, it's a bunch of players. The agency model isn't working. It's a bunch of players going broke when they retire.


Right. And then that and that ain't ruffling no feathers. Right? It's a bunch of players. It's like 60% of players within the first 10 years are losing majority of their wealth. Like when within 10 years of retiring from the NBA, after making millions of dollars, players are going broke. Right. You know, living check to check, right. Et cetera. You could blame the athlete and maybe they live in expenses of course, but they was 18 or 19 year olds when they came into wealth. And the people that represented them didn't help them handle that in no, in no to no capacity or care to, you know what I mean? After they get you and they get in your pocket, they just go get the next one and get in his pocket. Right? Absolutely. And I, and this is what I'm gonna stand on and this could be controversial. I don't care because I, I lose my platform for who's coming next.


If you can't help me at 18 or 19-year-old to, to to maintain my wealth, build a legacy and, and keep what I'm earning and, and be able to influence me on my decision making, shouldn't be representing me in the first place. Shouldn't even be allowed to walk into my house. But we allow this agency model, these, they keep coming in and they, and they keep stripping everything that we giving it right back to the same people that, you know, that was giving it to us in the first place and giving it right back. And it, something gotta change. You know, it might be ruffling a few feathers, but there's been people taking advantage off of these 18, 19 young kids who don't come from single parent households or come from disadvantaged communities and nobody and nobody says nothing.


They ain't ruffling no feathers. Yeah. On that end. And I think that's a part of the problem where you like, you, like we don't, we don't say, we don't say that and we just allow that to be normalized. Not ain't normal. You get millions of dollars and now you broke. Yeah. And the people that's representing you can't even pick up the phone now, right? Nah, you, that's, that's incredible to me. So like, nah, these people have continued to do that and it's gonna continue. They're gonna continue to do it 'cause they see it as business and economic opportunity. But these are our best and our brightest, right? We're talking about, these are our superheroes, these are our influencers, our creators, you know, and they, and everything is getting, you know, they getting taken advantage of to, to a certain degree.


And essentially, you gotta understand this, right? A person like JAYLEN BROWN who had a dream, okay. Worked his whole life to get to a point. Now you get to this point and a and a man you don't even know is about to get 4% of your money off of dream that you worked hard for your whole life. This man about to get 4% of your money. You just met him. Man, think about that. When if you, if you got the knowledge and you, and you can, like he said, could put the union around you and you could keep your own money like Lamar Jackson just did, right?


It's, it's starting to see it more. And I don't mean to to on all agents. I know there's some agents out there that's doing some, some good work and collaborating with athletes and getting the job done, but overall the agency model is failing. It's failing our athletes, it's failing our culture. So something need to be said And I, and I, and I'm not on the agents either, but when you look at it in that light, like bro, I'm 20 years old, I'm about to go in the draft. I didn't know you up to this point in my life, but now I'm about to get 40 million and then that's my rookie deal, then I'm probably about to get 240 million.


Then if I do another deal I might get one 90 and you getting 4% of my money. Think about that. But that's it. But you know what's crazy about that? It's, I think for some of these guys, they can't fight past. 'cause when these people walk in your house, they preying on the generational struggle of your Family. Absolutely. So it's hard when your mom, they, they pull your mom to the side. Listen, what I'm gonna do. I mean, We going do this, you gonna be, and if you ain't got, and a lot of times we don't have any education. That's why education is, is key. Do you see what I told Shannon when I was talking about thousand percent?


You know, when I told him, I said one thing about it when I was talking about how he said we lack exposure. One of the greatest things you could do is go to call. Because that's the, that's the breakaway from the ghetto from the hood. That's the first time we get to go and explore different cultures different. You told me that when you went to college, you was like the Greatest thing I ever did. You met different cultures, different people, different races. But a lot of times we don't have nobody in close proximity to say to come in there. You know how some people had an uncle sit at the table like, alright, what, What we talking about? No, I got this. No, this don't make no sense. And, and and, and the reason, the reason I commend you is because a lot of people might don't know you trust your people to take care of your business right now in real time.


You who you got with you snake. Snake. You know, you trust your people to walk in a room with you or walk in a room on behalf of you and you. 'cause I think, I think we gotta get into that too. We don't be trusting our people. Yeah. And sometimes That's major bro. Yeah. Sometimes we be misguided by our own people as well. 'cause they are, they get excited from the opportunity. So, you know, instead of steering the young gun in the right direction, you know, they steer 'em in the direction that's best for them. What, what deals can they get? Right? What deals can I get? So that happens a lot too In our culture. Man. Just being honest. When you came home from jail, what you say? You say 'cause who? Your manager. I said I don't got no manager bro.


I done seen it all done at all what I need a manager for because during my journeys and having a manager, I would be places and people would be like, Gillie, we was trying to get you man, I talked to your manager. We, she said, or he said, you wanted this but we had that. And I'm like, wait, I would've took that. No, they turned that down. But because a manager is also operating off of how much they're getting. Yes. If it don't say okay for they pocket, they turning down money for you. You look up, you done missed a boatload of money during a year or three year process where you just keep bumping into people and they like, oh, okay.


Say if you a say if you a rapper and, and you charge 150,000 for a show. But the, but the promoter saying, I, I can't do 150. I got 110. Your manager just turned down 110,000 for 40,000. It don't make sense. But you got that happening out here all the time. And then you find out when you bump into these people and then you realize like, I lost a boatload of money because this person is chasing their money instead of chasing my money. Man, you said that so Well agency is even the, the word agency.


Like if you look it up in the definition, like what it means, it's like your power. So when you give that to somebody, like no, you've given them your power. Power power attorney. Yeah. Who represent me. And it was funny, it's funny you say that because


This Episode a million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by KFC. Hank may not be able to dunk, but there's so many ways to dunk with the help of KFC Dunking gets now for everyone. Dorm room dunks, shortened rim dunks, KFC, original recipe, tender dunks and anything else is fair game. You do the windmill ah, ah, ah, that don't counts. We'll share out the winning dunk videos formally. Invite them to in-person dunk contests at Barstool Chicago hq. So you can show judges Hank Hannah Wallow and myself that you are the ultimate KFC dunk master. The dunk it bucket is no ordinary release. It's the first of its kind customized flavored experience. KFC is introducing the first ever bucket built for Dunking. It is an interactive, crave worthy food experience designed for ultimate dipping, dunking, sharing, and devouring. Now with the new dunk it bucket, KFC is inviting everyone to get on the delicious possibilities and dunk in their way. Because Dunking isn't just for basketball legends anymore, it's for everyone. Submissions are closed, but you still can dunk on your own to KFC dunk it bucket and tune into the KFC Dunk It Challenge on four 16 KFC. The best way to dunk it, right


this episode a million.


This episode, a million dollars mworthofgame is bought to you by Trav Kings the finals for March Mania here. And the only thing for sure is the last time you bet on college basketball this season it's been amazing ride to get here. Full of the unexpected happening. Maybe there would be more getting on all the action expected and unexpected with DraftKings sports book. With live betting exclusive content promos and parlays. DraftKings is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers bet $5. Just five bucks. Get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Do you hear me? So bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download Draftking Sportsbook app and use code Gillie. G-I-L-L-I-E. You hear me? That's the proper way to spell it. That's code Gillie for new customers. Bet. Get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. That's it. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Put it on the word right. A lot of times a lot of these people that quote unquote represent people GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio


Dad be selling you off or out here shuffling you around to get the other clients moves. Well listen, I got him, but you gonna have to look out for them for it too. And you want, and then you know, we did. You gonna take care of me. So I understand what you're saying. That's why the way you walked in here, I respect that because you know what I mean? We got somebody that 'cause Gil don't deal with Gil Gil hole thing. Is anybody love? We ain't, I'm more the person that go, we got different roles to play. That's why. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's Gil, that's gi Listen it was on, it only been one time where I brung somebody around that I had shout out to Desiree 'cause she's a monster.


The first time he ever said no because he said she, she don't care about the limelight. She really about a joint graduated IU Ute, university of Pennsylvania. She's smart, she honest, she, she know what she's doing. She's a beast. She a killer. And because 'cause he, he, he's a, he's a dickhead. I see any type of signs though. They on some. No, no, but he's a dickhead on tip. When he see her check a couple people, she's like I like that. Yeah. Fuck that. She, she get on the air. Right. Because when you are a woman, first of all, black women don't get enough credit. They're running the game for music to film. Absolutely. They run everywhere. Everywhere they run. It's somewhere in the company that they just running the whole joint. They running the whole, but they don't get no props.


But a lot of times people try to play with 'em and ain't nothing like one that ain't going for that. So, so he was, this was the first time he was like, she gonna run this play administrate and we going and why not get her the money? Why not make sure she get the big bag? Because we been giving it to everybody else. But it ain't coming back to the community. For sure. That's what I like about Jalen s too. Yeah. Jaylen, yes. Boy I seen, I read that his whole team is all women. All women, you know? And, and I and I love that, you know, shout out to all the queens out there. My mom is like that. She, she, you know, raised this how to be young men on top of working two jobs and doing whatever it took to be to make ends meet.


But now she runs my foundation, which is a business and and she's like that. Everybody that know my mom knows she's a hundred percent like that. And she did a good job instilling values and truth. And that's why I walk with my chest out because of my mother. Alright, now why now? Because this is very important because you lead by example. Why do you care so much? 'cause for those that don't know you strong in the community, you care about giving back in order to move forward. Why do you care and why should our other brothers and sisters that have financial strength out here should be going back and caring? Well, I get that sense. That's, I mean, that's the perfect question.


I get that sense from my grandmother. My grandmother was a community worker up in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Shout out to G rap. And she, she worked in the community, was a social worker. So she, she would just touch so many different families lives and students would come into her office all throughout the year to just talk about the, the next step and their plan. And, and she was a, a woman at a church as well. So she was always at church and used to make us go to church, not just on Sunday. We was there Wednesday, Tuesday and Sunday. You know what I mean? So I get that sense of community from my grandmother for sure. 'cause she just, when she passed away, like you should have seen the people who was coming from Ohio all type all over, just all over the US just to show respect for, for one woman, for one lady.


So that, that, you know, I, I'm the light of my grandmother for sure. But as an athlete, I feel like the people around you, like I said, like the the machine and the, the people around, you want to, they want to keep you controlled and pacified. They want you to think that your influence is only used for entertainment. I'm not here to entertain. Like I'm not, I'm not an entertainer. I'm not here to play basketball for, for, you know, these owners and, and entertain some people that, you know, I ain't never even met. I believe that you as a, as a athlete, you know, you're like the modern day warriors. You have influence in your neighborhood and your community and where you're from.


And that influence shouldn't be just used on just money, cars and clothes and the lifestyle that influence comes with responsibility to, you know, take care of your family, you know, inspire the next generation, take care of your community, you know, be an influence, be a role model. I, I truly believe that goes hand in hand. I think that's a part of the responsibility. But everybody from the other side is trying to convince you that nah, you don't, you know, don't worry about any of that stuff. Just worry about yourself. You know what I mean? Don't, don't focus on you, just focus on basketball. We'll take care of everything else. We'll take care of you. Them the people that be taking advantage of us, right?


That be saying that stuff. Right. You know, just worry about you. Just get yourself a nice car here. Get yourself a nice watch. You know? 'cause who owns the watch company, right? Who owns the car company, right? Like who owns the stuff that you giving the money and all that back, right back to the people who gave, you know what I mean? To the community who gave it to you, you giving it right back to that same community. So to me it's always been about that. Always using my platform from day one. It's not like I just woke up and just had this epiphany, I'm gonna be like this. Like I've been like this from day one. You can, you can go back and, and and and and do the research. But you know, just trying to be an additive to my community here in Boston, in the Bay area in Oakland and in Atlanta where I grew up.


And in other communities as well. Just trying to teach them that, you know, our young kings in Queens ain't forgot where they came from. You know, and I try to be an example of that Now. We had a, we had a thing and I, I think, I think it's very important that the people that you partner with, you should make sure that if they with you, where you come from, we walked into a room one time and our partners with bar store and was like, they had all this money they raised, we said we need some money. They said for what? To take back to the hood. So, and we didn't have to do that. We just was, we just was in the office one day doing, shooting the show. We saw one of the CEOs and I was like, yo, we, she like, come in what you need, we need some s The what?


I said, you know, this is a time that a lot of businesses, minority businesses were struggling. So we wound up getting 4.5 million and we took it back to the 50,000, 75,000 a hundred. We just gave all these checks out to a bunch of minority, minority Businesses. That's Fine. That was the greatest thing I ever did. That was like that when we walked into these businesses with these checks and they don't even know, all they had to do was submit as long as they had the paperwork. Right. That feeling was like, you know, 'cause you know, when you, when you live in the ghetto, when you, you dream and it's a, and it is like, it's like a idea, but you never believe somebody coming one day that's gonna help you during your, in the, in the, in the in, in the response we got from that, like the personal and the stories I heard and like the, the where they was at in life at time, the reaction.


It was just crazy. But I think, I think it's so, it's so important that everybody got a foundation. If we in a position, you supposed to have a foundation for sure to be because that, that's how you could, you know, because once you got the foundation, that's when people, oh I, you got a foundation, you know how to get here. They give you that money 'cause they get the write off here. But when you just say I'm trying to do something, you got a foundation. I ain That's why we gotta educate 'em with the union to get foundations so they could be able to take care, take care of the community, send kids to college, feed them, build technology centers and stuff like that. Now on the other note, I had some ideas in my head and I told Gillie something, but Gillie think I'm crazy because he, he feel as though my basketball knowledge is not that extensive as his or yours might be.


And I be trying to hope that people will pick these certain players on they on they team or life. But sometimes they never pick my favorite players. But that's another story. You gotta pick a team, right? And the team that you pick, you can't pick nobody from the Celtics but you gotta pick your team to go play the play. Whoever. With who was you picking on that team? Who, who was your 12 players? All time or current? All time current. Everything. That's tough. Who you? No, No. Narrow it down. So that's tough all time. No I ain down current. Current. That's Too easy. No it's not. He can't pick nobody on the selfs Current.


Break it down. Who the point? Who's the point? I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go Steph. I think Steph is the greatest PG of all time. Obviously point guard has evolved. It's not like just about, you know, setting guys up. But I feel like the way that, the way Curry shoot the the three man, it just, if he's on the floor it opens up the, the floor for everybody else. So I'm gonna go Steph at the one. If we going current, who do I like? I think I'm gonna go, I'm not on this team. Then you on the Team? I'm on the team. Yes, you On the team. All right. So then, you know what I mean? That's a little different 'cause I gotta get the ball, you feel me?


Oh See, oh man he trying to make sure people Ain ain't on the team. I'm not on the team. I'm gonna just choose. I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go an man, okay at the two. This is current. I'm gonna go an man at the two. Who's my three? Either I'm gonna go Katie at the three or maybe Katie at the four. LeBron. I'm gonna go Katie at the three, LeBron at the four. And then I'm gonna go, who should I put at the five? I'm gonna go win be at the five.


So you still think the old heads is holding it down more than the youngins? 'cause you pick a few old heads. Yeah. Nah, I mean yeah. So you picking LeBron right now at 41 years old? At 41? Yeah. Yeah. It just is, you know like people don't give LeBron. I mean maybe just 'cause like you know we live in the troll era but like that man got superpowers like to be able to be 6 9, 200 and I'm 240 pounds. Like right now sitting here LeBron gotta be like two 70. His knees still ain't go out on him man. You know and you know what I mean?


I don't know if he got something else going on. You know what I mean? He's two, he from another Planet 40. It don't even make sense. He from another planet bro. It gotta be Makes sense, Huh? But on top of that, the super speed super athleticism. He got supervision at the same time. Like see the game is super intelligent like a basketball savant. Read, read the floor like and can be a coach on the floor all at the same time. You know what I mean? That's and like who has that?


This episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by Experian. March Madness is good. Madness and credit is bad to take control of your credit and finances, make sure you pick the Experian app. Experian could be your financial Cinderella with tons of free tools at your fingertips to help you take t control of your financial life. The amount of free tools you get with Experian could fill your bracket with things like your free FCO score, your score. You could boost your FCO score instantly free with Experian. Boost free credit monitoring with alerts to keep you in the know on changes on your profile. Free access to marketplaces or credit card loans and auto insurance options all match to you. Freeze your credit file for free. Helping protect you against identity theft. Make sure you're ready for one shining moment with Experian. Go to the app and download for free Experian app now results vary. See app store for details. Experian, right


This episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by New Amsterdam Vodka now life ain't going your way. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your woman cheating today. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming but it, it didn't come your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. It's distilled five times. It's filtered three times for that clean crisp finish. Now you could drink it straight up, you could drink it on the rocks, you could drink it with juice soda or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. That's up to you. But when you out and about at your local liquor store, don't you walk past that New Amsterdam Vodka. You hear me scoop it up, you get it to that register, boop, get it home, put it on ice. Make cocktails with your friends like my wife do with the girlfriends at the crib. But shout out to the new Amsterdam queen to, to the boot. Love you baby. But New Amsterdam Vodka, make sure you get you something official. Vodka bars through sports.


Right? You know what I mean? Like it's incredible. So you know he still, he's still like it's still LeBron James. Like for sure. Like his athleticism isn't is even though it's diminished, it's still crazy. You know, I don't know where it's coming from but hey LeBron is still on that team. Yeah, Let me say this. Y'all just got the ring right And it looked like y'all was going to get a ring a few years earlier before that, you know what I mean? But it also looked like in the past you and JT used to say your turn, my turn For sure Your turn my turn.


I say we got this now it seem like it is more like in sync, it is more like it's just more fluid. It is more did y'all have to grow into that? Because you know, y'all come in back to back and it's like who better? Jason and Jalen who? So, and even early on coming into, I know y'all used to be tearing it up in practice, huh? Oh yeah. Used to go at it. Used to be going at it trying to figure out who the alpha dog, who the, everybody trying to, y'all used to be going at it, huh? We still do in a sense.


Yeah, we still do. But something had to give. Yeah. You know, and I think we were younger then, so like, you know, as far as talent like JT is, is super talented. Yeah. You know what I mean? One of the more talented players in our game in terms of talent, so am I, you know, but when you working within the team, you have to utilize the team or whatever's needed within the team to be successful. So I think maturity played a part into it. Like you can't have just two young guys just trying to kill and not trying to have no wherewithal about nobody else. How everything works together. And as I start getting a little older, I realize, you know, I'm a little older than jt so I realized that, you know, in order for us to actually win something's gonna have to give, you know, and it it, it is sometimes it's hard to get to that position 'cause you like, man you put me somewhere else, I'll show you the world, whoever think anything different that I'm a killer.


Right. You know what I mean? And I, and I had to to win, you know You had to make it less about you. Yeah. Honestly. And and still at times I struggle with that dynamic 'cause people try to play you like you like and try to diminish your greatness. Like you not as good or you not as talented because you know, whatever. But in reality it's not about you if you're trying to win. Absolutely. Now, now this is what I need to know who get on that court with you and piss you off the most and make you say I'm putting 50 up today. Who be talking the most to you when you, when you get on that court and you playing the team and you be like, yeah okay I got you today.


You see 'em, you know they coming. Nobody really talk trash. You know, only person that really be like trying to do like weird stuff and talk trash is Dylan Brooks? Yeah, Dylan Brooks. He's like, that's just like his gimmick though. Like he like that's some players, you know, they do whatever they need to do to stick in the league. So they like to, you know, talk trash, try to get under your skin, try to do like push you a little bit for no reason and all that little type stuff. That's the only person that's really done that to me. But nobody else really, nobody else really do that. Maybe a little bit the guy from Indiana Nihar in the playoffs, he was doing a little bit of that. Try to like, you know, t on your shorts a little bit or just doing like stuff to try to get into like just so you know He done got solved.


Man don't talk no more. They, I'm Say this though, I'm gonna say this. I gotta say Guys be talking, they just don be talking to me. I Gotta say this. I'm about say 'cause you definitely look like you be talking Sometimes. Not all the time. I don't know. It's just your body language then. 'cause you definitely you be looking act like like you be talking. I'm like, I'm gonna say this out there talking crazy to us. A Lot of people, there's a lot of criticism out here right. With fans and everybody talking about the NBA is not what it is. They don't care about the fans no more. They not going hard. All this stuff. You got the media right and then you got him right. He disrespect the game because I'm gonna say this, he's, he's a part of the media in this point.


He just told Jeff t that he, he he, he, he named 15 players in the NBA that he that he had cook. Right. This Crazy. Right. I seen this guy games though. I seen, He said Listen, listen Hold up. He said he a cook just any random four people on the nets, any random four people on Toronto. And he Said What's my man name that played on he he play, he coming off the bench on Milwaukee. Rob di him. I said Rob Di you said he Cook him Saxon he not cooking. Rob. I said re About boy Saxon Saxon Kyle Saxon You not cooking, you're not cooking young boy. That's what I'm saying. People don't even respect Nah.


I said Nah I'm not cosigning that. Yeah I'm not cosigning that Gil. But he Said 15. I'm not co-signing that nigga. I said Not at all. Jose Alvarado from the Pelicans. Okay. He say I cookie. He didn't say I was You might be good. Nah Jose No he see my game. He said Jose, Jose, Jose strap up only you not No but you took too off. He trying to clean it up now he trying to clean it up now because, because No, the only thing is you might be like how tall are you? Five nine and a half. Yeah. You might be taller than 'cause I told You What about the guy that back up? I'm telling about the guy that back up Steph Cur step.


Oh Yeah. Did Steph Curry back up the white boy Po Winky or something, points left-handed Punsky or something that Yeah, I'm cooking him, he a bootlegged me. I don't, first of all, if you left-handed, I'm I'm definitely cooking you. I'm coming right at you. Copy. I don't know man. I but see how do you, how do you feel about the meeting Three time MVP Man? How do you feel about the people Read Man Big three And he did did it in did it in Boston. Absolutely. Last one You got. Last one was here, right. I was supposed to be there. I couldn't make it. I have full points. I couldn't make it good. That shout out to the big three. Yeah, Shout out them. So, so but no. And then, alright, so you got the people that talk and then you got people from the old media.


The most critical of of players and a lot and, and I had to realize, right? 'cause Gilby knowing little sports stuff more than me. I'm thinking a lot of these dudes played, a lot of these dudes never even stepped on the court. How do you deal with criticism from them and then criticism from fans that just feel as though they want, you know, a lot of times fans just want a knockout. When they go to a boxing fight, they don't wanna watch the whole fight and the strategy no more. Everything is what I want right now. If I don't get what I want, I got some type of criticism and I'm always how do you deal with that? Y'all got, you got some great questions today. First that's twofold. First with the fans nowadays in this era, it's all about gambling. So that's the fan engagement from now. It's created almost Guess what makes sense?


Okay. I've created a hostile environment almost for athletes. 'cause like, it don't even matter. I can have a good game and still be online talking. TI needed one more point for I ain gonna lie, fucked me up about a half a point a couple times, You Know what I mean? And be like, yo, I don't even, I don't even, I try not to even like log to because like, I I, I'd be my, my mind be on other stuff. So I'll try not to be on social media. But if I do happen to get on, if I do happen to just scroll like the comments be like, fuck you nigga. Like if I see you in the street, I'm Damn. I mean like for real par. I have a point that was in Par Lee. They had eight teams on this 62,000. I can't, I can't for five and I'm gonna say this to the camera. If one of you parlay s run up on me, this fuck you up.


I'm telling you, I'm telling one you parlay. That's black gloves got the gloves. He know martial arts dude, he call parlay gloves. Try it if you want to. That's all I was Say what martial arts you Practice? I de mo T and Tai Chi. I got 13 black belts. Get the Gu 13 black belt. No, I created, I created my own, my own style called Loon Do named after me. Wildo Loon do I created that. Gave up in jail, man. He learned listen you if he got black gloves on, you don't want nobody to do that. That's, he did come some like, yeah, he got the gloves on. He might kick you through the window. All that. The second, the second part of that I want to answer too.


'cause the OGs that be analysts and stuff like that, some of 'em didn't play, but the ones that didn't play too the same as Hypercritical and they call it constructive Cism and all that and you know, it is what it is. But I, it comes from an understanding. But this is where I, I I came to that understanding is that, you know, a lot of the sweat equity from the players that came before kind of built the league into what it is now. So you got players signing $200 million, a hundred million dollars and that was nowhere near the talent of some of these old heads, right? So they see that and automatically and make them better. Critical. Why? Because you know, one, the agent price screwed them. Their financial advisor price screwed them.


This episode a million dollars Mworthofgame is bought to you by JackPocket or the lottery tickets right from your phone with JackPocket America's number one lottery app. JackPocket has so many lottery games to choose from. They have Powerball, Mega Millions, and other official state lottery games. Best of all new customers get your first lottery ticket for free using Code Gillie. You hear me? So punch my name in G-I-L-L-I-E right now. JackPocket. Download the app. Punch my name in right now. You gonna get a free lottery ticket. You might win to make a millions off that. You know, I'm, I'm a guy that just bring good energy. You might might win the Mega Millions off of that. And I don't want no breakdown. I just want you to go when you, when you, when you picking your cash up to thank me, thank shout out to, to Gillie for that lucky ticket changed my life. But download dad right now, use Promo code GILLIE and get you a ticket GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 18 or older 19 or older in Nebraska, 21 or older in Arizona. Jackpocket is not affiliated with any State Lottery. Ford were prohibited one per new customer and her promo code to check out for $2 non withdrawable credit. See terms at jackpocket dot com slash tos slash free slash ticket slash promo Sponsored by Jackpocket Based on 2024 iOS download data collected by Sensor Tower


On some money. It didn't make as much money. The NBA don't pick up their phone calls, so you know, they gotta lash it out somewhere on someone so they start talking trash about Yeah. So this is why I don't wanna go at them, but I will praise the, the the ones who give they flowers to the next generation. And one of my, one of my OGs and one of the people that does it the best is Kevin Garett and Paul Pierce. Like I've only seen especially K Kg, but I've only seen kg. I don't, when I chime into they podcast, when I look and see what they got going on, I only see him giving love and light to the next generation of players. Like, you know, all the time. You know, despite what, you know, what people might feel about him or his career in the past or, or how much money he's made.


He's seems to be over the moon when he hears like somebody signing a new, a new deal rather, you know why, why He was the first one to signed for a buck 19. Yeah, that's True. He was the first one to get, that's why they called him the big ticket. How much must name signed for? So Larry Johnson, did he sign for something crazy? A lot of 'em signed, but but that was way before. But Kevin Garett was the first one to really like, boom. It was like, oh, like so he not one of them big old heads, he one of them old heads that got his money. You feel what I'm saying? He got his worth a lot of, they they ain't get they money.


They was in a six year, $14 million contract was a whole star out here, man. That's True. I'll And then you see six year, 14 million. Yeah man, they was on some dumb now you see now motherfucker get six year 300 million. We get paid, we get paid. Matter of fact shit, I got you. Are you still the highest paid player in the league? Second? Yeah, because he was the highest paid player in the league. Damn. I would've felt that day though. Huh? How did it feel that day? You, you didn't have no agent when you done that? I, I had an agent when I did that one. Oh, I was what you say? Yeah, but not a 4% Said what? Not a 4% agent. He said no way they gonna give you all that chicken without having an agent.


Nah. I mean, and shout out to the people that, that do a lot of great work. But you know, to to, for me it just, it didn't add up. The math wasn't happen, but that day felt amazing. That day was crazy. I was at m I t actually I just came from m I TI came from m I t here. I just did a collaboration. This is my brand right here. And I just did a collaboration. What's the name of it? My brand is 7 4 1. Oh, you Ain't bring no gear man. Yeah. You ain't even bring, you didn't bring no gear. You brought gear. Some gloves. I would've walked around. I had the gloves. You know, I'm a martial artist Man. I got y'all. Yeah, Send me some sneak too. He sneaks right Pull up to tonight. Yeah. These, Yeah man, I rock me.


You know, he, He don't, I got you. But yeah, I just did the collaboration with the, the media lab. Yeah. M I t so like a part of the design process, I want to include technology, engineering and science into like the, the DNA fabric and stuff like that. And, and then of the brand. So, you know, m I t they're doing a moon launch on in five days where they're doing, you know, some, what do you call it, a test run, a company called, what was it called? A Larry or something like that. They do architecture on the moon. A a amarilla or something. I can't think of the name.


But they do architecture and design, like what hospitality on the moon and stuff is gonna look like. So they built like a, a test deck or whatever. And I just came from m I t before I walked into where I walked in here. Why I, I said something one time on the show and I was basically telling somebody like, it's cool to be smart because in the ghetto sometimes we, we market and we market and promote ignorance, ignorance, ignorance. You always lead with your brain and your intelligence. No matter anywhere you get, any room you get in, you always lead with that. Why is it so important to read? Why is it so important to do your own personal research and don't let people market your market ideas to your mind that you don't know nothing about?


Why is it so important? Because you, this is your thing. Why is that so important for the, for the viewer? Well, one thing that comes from my family, so shout out to my mom and everybody that, you know, kind of instilled that into me. But two, we live in this, like, we live in this stupid era. We live in the lazy era. We live in the era of headlines and click bait. Everybody. We live in the area of people of controlled thoughts, Controlled Thoughts. Like nobody wants to think for themselves. Everybody just want to read a headline and swear. They know everything about a topic. Everybody's lazy, nobody wanna put in the work, do their research or et cetera. So we live in that era. So I think people consider people is subjective of what intelligence looks like.


You know, it's a bunch of different ways we measure intelligence. Some people consider it for, you know, creativity, being able to turn nothing into something Stephen Hawkins said, intelligence is to add to change. So being, how well you adapt into environments can be viewed as a term of intel, a form of intelligence, standard iq, how you, you know, memorize information. There's a bunch of different ways you can me measure that, but there's a bunch of different ways you can measure stupid as well. So in our generation, I think even just being able to think for yourself, what just separates you from the pack. So I'm always just pro that I don't think I'm above nobody or better than nobody, but you know, if it's, if it's something to be learned, I'm down.


I'm a student. I love to learn and, and I think I'm gonna just continue to do that for the rest of my life. So you, so how often do you read these days? Me, I do reading the actual book. I, I'm, I'm kind of been in a, in a phase where I haven't actually turned the pages, but I do a lot of audio books. Audio books now. 'cause it's just easier. I could be in the, in the gym, I could be in a car, I could be on a plane and I could just have it rather than just turning the pages. So I read all the time. If you, and then I feel like podcasts, if it's audio books, I feel like listening to podcasts is like the new form of reading. So I listen to a bunch of different PO podcasts on different topics. Politics, education, you know, masculinity, spirituality.


I listen to all different types of podcasts that kind of keep my brain, you know, moving. But I haven't actually turned the pages in a little bit because You gonna teach after you retire? I teach now, But I'm talking about like really going like you Yeah. People always ask me like, what would you be doing right now if it wasn't for, if you didn't play basketball? And I, I mean it's a lot of different ways I would go. But one thing that I love, like, 'cause I think it's just in my, it's in my blood in my DNA, my mom is a teacher, my grandma was teacher, our sister were teachers. Oh, okay. I think I'll probably be teaching. Yeah. Okay. So when it's all said and done, what you want your legacy to be remembered as, That's one of my favorite questions.


When it's all said and done, I want my legacy to remembered as like Jalen pioneered or elevated the mind of athletes so that, you know, they could see their value, they could see their true influence and that they, they deals, you know, how they can, how they Harry carry themselves and handle themselves reflects that in the future. And they can point back at how, you know, Jalen, you know, handed himself throughout his career and they can use that as a north star. Mm. So where did you, like, where did you develop your leadership skills from? Yeah. 'cause you know, I seen a clip, I believe y'all was in the finals and it was you that was really keeping everybody like, you know what I'm saying?


And, and, and you got dudes like al you got dudes like Tito on the team. Yeah. You know what I mean? Al has got probably 17, 18 years in it. But it was you that was really in the video I seen it was you that was really keeping everybody like for sure, like where do you get those leadership qualities from? Was it something you always had? Was it something you had to develop when you got to college or when you got to the league? It's something I, I think it's in you. I, I'm a firm believer, like leadership is a skill that could be developed and worked on, but the best of leaders is in you. I think it was always in me to be this and it took the amount of courage, security in order to be in an environment to let it out.


But over the last years I've been the, the leader of our team for sure. I like the team moved to me. You know, like I'm the vocal leader. I'm the one, like I gotta make sure everybody's feeling good, talk to everybody, touch everybody. Because like in NBA grown men, like they don't be talking like it'll go, it'll go days and dudes will just be in they zone. They'd still be doing their job. But it just wouldn't be that those con you have to have those connection points if you wanna do something special. So I try to be the connector to make sure everybody's feeling good, you know, in the environment on the team. Even if that means I gotta take like a little bit of a backseat for, you know, statistically or whatever.


Right. Just to make sure that everybody's right. Good. 'cause when it matters, that's when I pride myself on trying to be there for my team. Those are the moments I wanna show up for when everything's going wrong. Like our team's not playing well, not shooting the ball. Well those are the moments where, you know, my game is gonna shine through if I am who I say I am. Yeah. You know, but if we playing somebody else, you playing your boys. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like we let pp go for 30, we let Sam get up 10 threes, you know what I mean? We let you know d white get feeling comfortable. Right. You know what I mean? Because he just empower them. 'cause I'm gonna need them down the line. Yeah. We all need each other. So if I am who I say am, you know what I mean?


I'm all right. I'm cool. I don't need a security. I don't need to drop 30 every night. I don't need to try to do that. I just need to make sure my team is clicking on all cylinders. Do you still, 'cause I don't know, but because when you got to the league and you first got there, it used to, it used to just look like you just played with like a chip on your shoulder. Like, like do you still got that chip on your shoulder when you out there? Because you know, you see all these, these media guys, all these handle analysts, all these, they'll do a top 10 list, but they won't have you in there. But you got everything that none of the top 10 players in the top 10 lists have a lot of 'em. I'm not gonna say none of 'em, but a lot of them you got a championship, you got a finals MVP.


And I don't think that they also, I think when they, when they judging players, they only look at offense. That's it. That's how they measure the game today. They don't look at both ways like nah, nah, they don't look at, well no, you know, he locked down on defense too. He also put up a shit load of points. He's also highly productive, but he also is locking one of the best players down on their team on offense. They don't look at that. Nah, they don't, we don't measure the game like that no more. The game has changed. And I think it's like, you call it the Steph Curry era or whatever, you know, and it's, and it's also the business of the game. You know, what people have wanted to see is the threes in the, in the and the highlights.


So that's what we have given them. You know, now people are saying, we tired of seeing that. You know what I mean? Y'all Gotta fly off the moon now. You know What I mean? We tired of seeing that that game is like, you know, it's just now all three. So now I'm sure the product will change a little bit over the next few years, but the, the viewers we don't respect, you know, the actual essence and purity of the game. Like the game is both offense and defense. The top players is just the top offensive players. Right. That's it. It's the people that can do special ability on offense. But what about both? Right? Because the game is played both ways. So like, just have you have offensive skills. You got defensive skills, right.


Being able to chase through screens. Right. Being able to guard point guards, being able to guard centers, being know, being able to, to make plays at the rim. Being able to pick up full court. Right. Like who can do that? Right. A a as a player you have to, you know, and you can see certain players, they don't exert the same amount of energy. Right. And you take pride in defense. Yeah. Like I guard point guards. Yeah. Last night I was guarding Tyrese, I guard. Yeah. I guard pick up full court, I pick up Steph Dame, whoever full court if need be. I guard Last night I was guarding bead. I forced few possessions and, And my man Maxie Maxie and Drew Holladay was guarding bead a lot too.


Yeah. Drew, that's a Strong's that's a defensive skill set that we don't even value Highlight. They don't pay attention to. We don't even pay. No we don't even put, we don't put praise on it or give no love to it. We only give love to what people do. Offense. A lot of the top offensive players, you know, they put 'em on one of the players that's not doing nothing on offense. Absolutely. So they can save their energy. Absolutely. Or they put'em on a big man. Absolutely. All they gotta do is box out and rebound. Well you Guard, you guard you, you gotta Really be in the trenches chasing guys trying to break through screens. Right. Transition, guarding a closeout with some of the best players and talent in the world doing that night in and night out. Not only is it, is it you have to be incredible shape has a, a tremendous wear and tear on your body.


How Much do you spend to stay in shape a year? I do a lot. Especially in the summertime. Y'all seen I've been doing like the pool workouts. Yeah. But I'm saying paying for training food regimen. How much you think you probably Spend a year? Yeah, it's probably, it's probably, I remember, I remember when LeBron came out, he was like, yeah he spent like a million dollars on whatever. It's probably close to that. It's probably, it is probably close. Might be not a million, probably like somewhere between 500. Right. Like 700 or something like that. But it's close to that just because I have my own team of doctors. 'cause you know you gotta go outside of some of the, the stuff that you do. I got my own trainers and stuff 'cause they, the organizations only provide so much. But knowing that I exert energy at a high level on both ends being 240 pounds.


That's a lot. That's a lot of wear and tear on your body and your knees while playing 70 games. I don't, I don't miss a lot of games. No, not at all. You know what I mean? So, and I'm not just guarding the big, You guarding whoever. I'm chasing the point guards. I was guarding Maxi last night. Yeah. For the most part. Fast. Fast. Yes. He's fast. You know what I mean? So people don't understand that. Even like, so the greatest I I've seen to do that I think at a very, very high level is Koala Leonard. Yeah. But you see the words tear, But he be taken 'cause and people don't have respect for that. But when you do that at a high level, it just impacts the game at another level. And I think we have a bunch of two-way players on our team and that's why I feel like we gonna put ourself in great position to win because we understand the game and not just the the social media game.


You got like basketball players and you got social media and media basketball players. What's the, what's The difference? You got real basketball players who know and respect the purity of the game. And then you got dudes out here doing moose just for, for For clicks and Likes, for clicks and likes and stuff like that. Okay. See the one thing about y y'all To make it seem like they're nice but like they're not really The one thing about y'all that I don't see no other team in the league that can compete with y'all. Y'all got the superstars, but the pieces y'all got around the superstars, the Peyton Pritchards, the, the whites, the holidays, the, that's a tough you y'all got, y'all got guys that could be on on other teams starting that's really coming off the bench and like, like Peyton Bridge could go somewhere else and start probably Drew Holiday probably could go somewhere else and start, if he's not starting white could probably one of them start.


But you feel what I'm saying? And it's like y'all got a real solid foundation as far as wing defenders, big men shooters. Like you hit 65 threes on us last night. Man, that was unbelievable man. I I I, by the time the third quarter came I said man this, that still hitting three because at the first half you like all right they wasn't sat down locker room. They going cool off a little bit. They come right out the locker room. Oh man. Cut the TV off man. This that with man they still hitting threes so playoff time, I don't really see nobody beating there.


But you told me That the Eagles going to see them back. The Eagles are hit. I mean the sixties that have it together by the time To off I said the Sixers to make the playoffs. By the time the playoffs come, they ain't, we ain't doing nothing man. You Think they gonna make they they down at the bottom 'cause Yeah, but they're playing on the playing. Yeah, in the playing. That's what I told you. But they ain't going, we ain't, we not doing nothing man. Maxi needs some help man. He know it. That's what he said there around they, they be making fun of, we playing Joelle tonight. Everybody as soon as you get 'em on a one-on-one go at him, his knee up. I knew they, that's all y'all did last night. They go off a screen. Soon as they get Joelle on a 1 0 1 they just back it out.


I'm not a Nigga. Bad ass nigga, yo man, because I'm thinking it. I'm like why they just keep taking Joelle one-on-one and then the commentator said it, all they're doing is going off a screen. And then look at I'm not, hey they take advantage of It. I don't take, I don't take they study, they study nobody lightly. I'm not sleeping on Philly. If they get to the playoffs, they got a chance to do something. So you never know in this league. So we not, we not, we not sleeping on nobody. So he came in, he came in, he kept it real all the way up to that. Then he gave a company corporate answer. Nah, he got a chance. He got a chance. They be in a locker room.


You know, see he don't understand is, you know, poo Yeah. Drunk that, you know that's our man. Right. Yeah. That's our people. That's our people peoples. He used to be telling us what y'all used to be saying. All we gotta do is do this and all we gotta do is do that. And he used to be telling me, I used to be thinking like, and that's how they think over there. Like all he gotta do is do this and, and do this and get this person to play defense. And it is over. And and that's what y'all did to us. Real talk in the playoffs every year. I came up to Boston, rode up to Boston, two years for no reason and got us out there for no reason. Up there for no reason.


Tried six hours longer, ride back in the world, man, get up there. They beat the shit outta us. I'm walking out the arena need cold as everybody in green screaming at me. Kelly, I ain't, and then I gotta take a six hour ride back to Philly. But man, we appreciate you for tapping in with Us. Appreciate you man. Nah, nah, I've been loving what y'all doing man. Thank like, like I said before, like we in the era, we in the era of decentralization. Yes. Which means like these normal outlet corporate structures and outlets are not the same. It's just inevitable that we start to just as the world is changing, empower others to do the same in other industries. Not just in media through podcasts. But why not the shoe industry?


Why not the, the music industry. Industry? Why not the music industry needs some help? I say Definitely do For sure. Like I did a man, I did a song and I I started learning about it. I was like, oh it was traumatizing. Oh yeah, they did Too. It is crazy Dude. How many streams to make? What, what? Yes. And then who controlled the streams? You know what I mean? So like that decentralization process is key. I love what y'all doing. Keep inspiring us. Like, you know, people don't want to see us continue to thrive in our culture. 'cause they want to continue to, to do business on our culture because it's an economic game for them. So it's time for us to take matters into our own hands and encourage others to do that.


In the past maybe we didn't have the resources, but in 2025 I'm optimistic that we do. So I want y'all, as y'all continue to go and talk to people man, continue to inspire them to take it into their own hands. Collaborate. Right. You know, joint ventures. Absolutely. Team up. Yep. Absolutely. We stronger together. You know, gotta start it from scratch. Sample it, you know, y'all know music, sample it. Yeah. Start. Yeah. Start with somebody and join, join up with 'em. You know what I mean? But the next 20 years are gonna look different. Right. And it's because of stuff like this. So YI want y'all to continue to push and push that message. And my thing Is, anybody that know us know that we, we give our all a game. We don't hide no game from nobody. We don't hide no opportunities from nobody.


If we can make a plug for you, we gonna make the plug for you. But as, as, as black people as whole, what we need to stop doing is getting together, toasting the celebrations, but we don't get no money together. Mm. Investing together. All we all get together this what black excellence look like. How that, how many of y'all get money together though? Exactly. Invest together. Do none of y'all do a dao if you don't trust with who going do a da. So we gotta vote on where Yep. The money goes. Like let's, right. But we gotta still, we gotta start doing that more. 'cause that's what these other communities do, right? They Do das all the time. Exactly. But They actually getting money together.


They actually invest in things together. Black people. We will all be successful. We'll all get together for a party or an event. We are all salute each other, but we don't get no money together. The time, The time is now. The Time is now. The Time is now. Call out the time Now to call out. Even even, even even with me, I just, I just call KI just DM KD out the out the blue. 'cause I see he be making a lot of smart investments and I'm like, KD man, the next time you got something man, let me know. I got some money man. For sure. I'm, I'm gonna invest too. No more keeping man. I'm tired of these, the gatekeepers. Even in the black community, I'm sick of 'em.


You know what I mean? It don't make no sense that you to get successful and start acting like them. Stop gate keeping. Right. You know what I mean? I'm I, I played on showing everybody how I do everything. You know what I mean? Because it's important for the next generation to be better than this. Yes. Stop. Stop with the gatekeeping man of It. And that's what we big on show, showing people ownership. We own everything. Everything we do. Licensing deals. So for us it's like, bro, you gotta own something. You gotta to, you gotta have something. You just can't be out here just oh work here, work for this, work for this work for you have to own something if you in this space. 'cause this space is very productive and if you not owning nothing, then that mean a person owning you.


And you gotta understand something that's very important. Lemme see that. This right here. Everything you need, you got right here. Everything you need to find everything you need to start with this right here. You can shoot a movie, you can record a album, you can design a clothing line, you can start a app right here. This, this, this. Like you be, we be having this and we be using it. Wasting time on social media. Wasting time subscribing to everybody else's lives and worrying about what somebody doing, who doing this to tabloids. You better get on this. This is a, this is a Technology has made things so much easier. So much starting a business now you can use, you know, artificial intelligence can GBT poop to Yeah.


To give you a marketing plan. Yeah. To handle your accountant Right. To build you a whole business. Everything. So like finding Emails, everything. And it's new technology emerging too. So I wanna make sure that the community, our community is not the last to figure it out. Figure it out as the world is changing and decentralizing and let's not be on the, the end of the curb. Yeah. Because then once it centralizes and once it becomes new Right. You know what I mean? And somebody controls it. We always be the last to find out. Absolutely. You know, like I want it to be a call out. You know what I mean? The time is now. I know what's in the past. The optimism has been low. You know, people have, you know, made these assumptions about our community. But let the past be the past. I'm ready, I'm ready to build in the future. The future is different.


Absolutely. It's a different game out here now. Absolutely. Y'all are examples of that. Absolutely. Y'all podcast man. Absolutely. You know what I mean? So let's keep inspiring that amongst our community. How to do it. Yes. How to come together, how to combine, how to join up. You get It? 'cause 'cause right now we, we like in our last year of our deal, so we kind of feel like you felt couple, two years ago. Oh it's ready go. It's Gonna time. You know what I mean? Super Time. We've gotta feel how you feel. I feel it. I feel it. You know, even beyond that, we gotta own the network, Own all that stuff. We got, it's getting built right now. You know what I mean? I got that getting built right now. Y'all got the voice. Y'all got the talent, y'all got the eyeballs. Why not? And and we, and we about to, you want to break the news here?


You want to save it for later? We save it. Alright. We break the news now we gonna get a bunch of d Y'all Wanna break it up? Break it right now, Break it right now we gonna do a show. We going Do a, we got a show called the next, the next hot podcast. Where we going to go and we gonna find the next hot podcast and we gonna give 'em a bag and we gonna give 'em blow em up infrastructure. I love it. Give the team, put a team like blow it up. You know what I mean? It's so many different shows out here that's doing it independently, but they don't know what a lot of people like, they don't know the infrastructure. The back end of it. The Back end. We the back. That's, that's the, yeah. Once you know this, the infrastructure is so key.


Right. That's what I'm building now is the infrastructure to everything. And a lot of the pe the person that I I'm, I'm looking into the most, who I'm inspired by the most is Kobe. Kobe Bryant, the late Greg. You know, learning about him, his infrastructure, what he was doing towards the end of his career is like, is what I'm interested in the time is now. Absolutely. Yes it is. The time is now. Absolutely. Absolutely. So man, I we just want to thank you for pulling, man. Appreciate that man, man. Wish you, you know, stay healthy for the rest of the season, man. You know, hopefully you don't come across my Sixers in the playoffs. Ain't nothing gonna happen because I know they gonna get us outta here. That's what I know.


We, but we'll be back next year. You say that they ain't here next. No, I, I believe I'm a real fan but I'm just saying all real fans be next year. You've been saying That for a long time, Since 82, 83 season. You right. I was like seven. Yeah, that's that's a bad fool. Don't worry about it. But we'll be back next year 'cause this year ain't looking too good. You know what I mean? But shout out to Pure Fuel, the official sports drink of the Philadelphia 76ers and the Chicago Sky. Yes sir. That's one of our, one of our products. And JAYLEN BROWN man, appreciate you man. Young legend. NBA champion finals MVP Play on my, my team. We won. We got rings, baby. That's all we wear is Drew. Oh man.


Shut up man. It's just like that right?