
Hey. Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast. Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Right. You're now tuned into me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me. Min MillionDollazWorthOfGame. Listen. Yes, listen. Lemme tell you something. So when Joey walked in right, I said man, we gotta get to this shit. Let's battle. He waved the white flag. Gil was going take me back. Gil was going, Gil was going 16 bar barbarian on some back in the day shit. He waved white flag. He ain't with no work for Philly. He ain't with no Philly work because you know Gil used to be running up in them regular labels back in the day.


Barbecue and people, you know he barbecued Mac Fry big barbecue. He put Macy. He put, he put who, who you put on, what's the name? A bunch of man, I put uls on the Grill. You put him on the grill. He was the dream team. Put him on the, Who else you put on the grill? I put a bunch of Devil came up Against May sign got barbecue. Oh Yeah. Mike sign may Sign, barbecue. Big tip. All type of sauce was dripping off of him fried A one A one barbecue sauce and baby Back. Baby back rib dripping off. But we got, we got Joey back in the house, man. He's a Legend man. We Start this shit off. Right. Go ahead. Not start this right. Fuck man.


We going right to a acting scene. You unique. Right. Alright. I'm you Ain real actor. It's just the scene. Right. You gave us some work. Right. Alright. We got backdoor for the work. We coming to tell you we got backdoor for the work. He's a so he come right in. He bitching from the gate. I'm not really trying to hear that shit. I'm almost some more different. And then you take over from there. You ready? That's Fine. So I start it off. Right. We walked in. Get the bitching. Listen man, listen, I don't know what happened, man. I'm telling you man. Like I, I really don't know these guys. They just came. I don't, the stuff was gone. I don't know what to do. Like, like what do I do? Like I'm, I'm sorry man, but it wasn't somebody backdoor me.


Man. Listen me, I ain't with all that shit. Somebody broke into the factory, man. They got to work. Either you going to give us some more work and let us work this shit off or you're burnt. Oh man. Don't be talking to him like that. You know you shut The fuck up man. That's why I don't know. Nobody respect you already. 'cause you always bitching. Snitching. But I'm saying like, Shut up man. Come back here from the first place for it. Man. What I'm saying, what we going to do? I don't know what the should Have been OT by now. Man. He ain't Supposed to respect On way to pa by now.


Yeah. We trying to get you get some more work to make it right. Huh? Like you ain't making it Right. But dude used to do that back in the day. Come back. We Got both of us outta here. God We did. At least I went out like a G You went out bitching. You gonna get the jail guy. Like come on there. He dusted y'all off. Use the bitch. Well being though, New York was in the finals. Right. Because you know, it's sad to say the New York finals was getting to where they got to, you know what I'm saying? After they beat ball and they won the championship. Yeah. That was the chip that was like the chip for New York City. They went crazy. That was a big one. That was, that was crazy. That was it. You know. And it's like the, the guy that they say is most o most overrated player, he come through and crush the buildings man.


He just been coming through barbecue and shit. So it's like, what's going on? Like you thought y'all was going win Talking, asking me what's going on? Shit man, I'm trying to figure out the same thing man. Listen, it ain't over yet though. It ain't over till it's Over. By the time this come out, it'll be over the funeral and all that shit. It's a sad song Man. Man. I'ma have, i'ma have my unwavering faith. It ain't over till it's over. All right. Maybe, maybe we take it to, to, yeah. You know what I'm saying? Y got me talking in a negative light now and yeah, he, it ain't open till the, He said maybe we take it to game six Already got me man. Affected my mind with the negativity, man. Now What there, from, from your, from your outlook, how do you, what is the state of HipHop right now?


State of HipHop? Ah, where do we start? I mean, I think me, I'm, I've always been an optimistic person. I've always been a person who like, I'd rather not complain. I'd rather act, you know what I'm saying? I'd rather contribute, if you will. So I think, you know, after what we saw last year with, you know, between Dot and Drake, I think it did a good thing for HipHop in my opinion. I think that the competitive energy being brought back into the game was a good one. I think there was a lot of aspects being fought in that battle.


Not just basically who was the best artist, but I think it was like kind of a war of different sides. Like, you know what I'm saying in the way it was kind of like the underground versus the mainstream. You know what I'm saying? Dark versus light if you will or whatever. But you know, I think a year later, especially with just what transpired based on a, you know, what I was just involved in. I mean, you know what I'm saying? I think we just trying to keep the spirit alive. You know what I'm saying? I could, I could speak on what I'm doing. I can't really speak on what other brothers is doing out here, but I know I'm trying to keep the spirit alive. I am keeping the spirit alive just by existing. And you know, that's, that's what I'm gonna continue to push forward. Like I'm a true student of the game and I'm always staying on that.


I've always been a student of the game. I've always had utmost respect and reverence for the people who's come before. Even the people who's come after it is like, you know what I'm saying? Like when J Cole said he was the middle child, I, I like really felt that. 'cause I'm like, I really feel like that. You know what I'm saying? I feel like I'm really like OGs is right here and then the, and the the Yns is right here. Joey is like in the middle, you know what I'm saying? And I'm, I'm, I feel like I'm connected to both sides. So I'm gonna just do my part man. You know what I mean? And try to keep, continue to keep the culture alive. Continue to keep the spirit alive and everything, you know what I'm saying? And yeah, I'm, I'm gonna do that by of course putting out music but also like helping brothers where I can.


'cause I feel like we need more of that. Like, you know, we was having a conversation off the record before we came on cameras just about, you know, the old generation to the new generation and how it wasn't enough passing of the guard. You know? So that's something that I, that I wish to tap into as time goes on. You know what I'm saying? Like I wanna, I wanna definitely have a reputation for looking out for, you know, dope artists who coming up but who's also competitive. You know what I'm saying? Like I think it's not enough of that, especially in the genre of, or in the space, in the HipHop world that I exist in. I feel like it's not enough of us lyrical helping each other out.


'cause we, you know what I'm saying? We trying to outshine each other. Yeah. And be the best or whatever. But yeah, I mean I think we go all coexist and I think it could be dope to give each other the help at hand. Even if you trying to take my head off. You should, you should do that. That's what you should wanna do. You know what I'm saying? So yeah, that's just, that's, that's always been my mindset on it. Like, you know, I come from that competitive nature of it and yeah, it a sport man. And I love the game. I love the, Let me speak on the passing of the guard, right? 'cause a lot of youngins and I'm not speaking on you, but a lot of youngins in the game be looking like, be looking at like, man they been doing it for so long, they don't wanna put a young on, they don't wanna pass it off.


They don't wanna put, you guys understand at one time, say somebody like Funk Flex, somebody like DJ Cosmic Kev who've been at the radio stations forever, DJ Clue DJ Greg Street, shout Out to the, You feel what I'm Saying? At one time they was young DJs, right? Just hoping to get on. You feel what I'm saying? Or LeBron James, he was a young player that was just hoping to get to the league. You feel what I'm saying? Now when they get there, they trying to hold on to that as long as possible because after my dream is done, after my, I also feed my family off this LeBron James in his 23rd year, he ain't not once said he, he this the new king that trying to go out there and work out.


Now I'm not saying that you can't uplift some young man help some young get in position, but the reality of it is ain't no trying to put no other Nigga ain a position to take his job. I just feel like if you really believe that you that, then that shouldn't stop you. But if I am a, if I'm a og right? And we all work different and I see that, that young is that I know that he's more in tune with the coach right now. He everything around the board, the young, he got me beat everywhere around the board. That young gotta come take my job.


I can't put that young position to get me out the way. And now I'm running around can't feed my family. I Can't, I think, I think it's too much money out here for all of us, you know what I'm saying? But it's only A certain amount of positions that's right there. Now you right what I'm saying? You right. You feel what I'm saying? At the same time you right though, but at the same time it's like when are we going to shift from the individual mindset to the collective one? You know what I'm saying? Because what you just said is that go deeper than rap. That's just how we are as a culture, as people. You know what I'm saying? So it is all me and mind and it is like, you know, it's not much of it is not enough of the collective idea of us. Like where do we wanna see this shit go in 20 years? Right. You know what I'm saying? Like, and and and even still, it was like just because you share your light or you shine your light on somebody else who's coming up or who might be more hungry, that don't mean that you necessarily put your, you compromise your position.


You know what I mean? I think that's just been the, the historical approach. Sparks, man you wanna be hard, you wanna be strong, you sparks man they sponsored while's party. It was a great success man and we appreciate you guys. But if you guys need a little yo on fourth quarter,


What's up everybody? I'm Wao 2 6 7 MillionDollazWorthOfGame and I am a Ro partner. One thing about Ro Ro is a life changer. So if you're going through something right now with Ed, don't even worry about it. Road is gonna take care of all that. Ro Sparks is a two in one prescription treatment for stronger, harder erections. I'm talking about you're gonna be, you're gonna be standing like a statue. I'm telling you life is gonna change. They hit the bloodstream like this. They work in 15 minutes on a and guess what that mean? More sex more. Any I'm, it is a game changer. You want a thicker, a longer erection road. Sparks is here for you. Road Sparks is active in your system for 36 hours. So you go back to back round after the round and be ready in the morning, be ready for play with Row Sparks Road connect guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online. So there's no awkward conversation with in-person providers. You don't have to worry about none of that. If approved treatment shipped directly to your door, I'm talking about come, you ain't gotta go nowhere. It go right to your door. If you get approved, if prescribe new sexual health partners get $15 off Sparks on recurrent plans, connect with a provider at RO dot co slash MD wog to find out if prescription Ro sparks is right for you. That's Ro dot co slash MD wog for 15 hours off your first order. What are you waiting for?


And people just continue following that. But you don't got enough people modeling the other things. So it was like people just scared to take that path. Right. You know what I'm saying? But, And I'm not saying everybody do it 'cause we sure love everybody. We don't give a fuck what you doing out here if you in our space. But what I'm saying is because in our space it really is enough money for everybody. Right. You feel what I'm saying? But in a, in a, in a space where as though, okay, you might be the head of Universal, you might be running universal, you feel me? Yeah. But you know, this kid right here From Warner, From Warner, you know, he, the shit, you know, he more in tune, you know, he breaking more records than you, you know, he doing better business than you.


You not bringing that over the universal to take your job. You gonna be like, nah, if they fire me and they hire him, Well that's different. You know, you know what I'm saying? That's What I'm saying is that's, you know what I mean? That's what I'm saying. It's only certain amount of top DJs in New York. Right. There's only a certain amount of top DJs in Philly. There's only a certain amount of basketball players on the team. There's only 12 s on the team. But, all right, so my counter to that would be, but does that help the collective or does that damage the collective people holding onto they positions and stuff like that? You know what I'm saying? Like, I mean, I don't, I I I can't really knock nobody for working hard, placing themselves in a position to feed they family.


No, I better than life. No, I agree. I would never knock nobody for that shit In themselves to replace a that they know I knew this. I can't knock no for not doing that. Now I knock you for, for, for hating on him. If, if, if, if the company see that he's great and they trying to bring him in and now you can't hate on him nigga, he like how they got me, he better than me. I might gotta go get a new position. I'm built different man. Like, you know, I think that's all ego. You know what I'm saying? And I think that's all insecurity too. You know what I'm saying? People feel like, and you know what I think though, they positions is compromised because somebody, they see talent in somebody else. My, No, I'm not saying that that's always the case because that same person could see talent in a bunch of hire him, but that talent ain't threatened to my job.


Right. You feel I know this mother over here is doing what exactly what I'm doing. Boom. And he's better than Me. So exactly what you're saying is what I feel like we don't have enough of Right. Or or what we have too much of. And even we gotta get into the convo I guess. But like New York rap, right? New York HipHop. I feel like that didn't happen enough with our OGs reaching out to the, the younger ones on the come up being like, yo son is nice. Let me embrace him without having to sign him or some like that. Let me just, some don't Sign you ain't with you. Right. You know I'm saying you see a lot of that, you know what I mean? Yeah. And it's like we learned that from these record label.


Exactly. You know what I'm saying? And it is just, I saw, I saw a Jim Jones interview one time and he was like apologetic about what he feel like he did the Max B but his reason, his reason was he like, yo, that's how I learned the game is all I knew at the time was that I couldn't put it on unless I signed him and like for fake put him in a, in a contract. You know what I'm saying? Like that's just the part of the game. But I gotta eat off you in order for you to win. Right. Even though I know you great. So it's, it is a matter of us not even really having the right mentorship or like guidance going in the, I just feel like yo, this has come so far that we don't gotta keep playing that game. It's like all right cool. Maybe that happened over the last 10, 15, 20, but now it's like yo, it's so much money out here for all of us.


Like why the fuck are we still playing that game? Right. And I believe this though, this is my outtake on it. I believe it goes both ways. 'cause I believe yeah, main man could have a position that doing whatever they want to do, but at the same time when you really on your shit, he can't stop you facts. There's nothing he could do no matter how high he up. If you on your game and you want that. 'cause some people like, like I ain't gonna hold you like for me coming up and I go all the way back to be 46. I remember when being the DJ was just as strong as a rapper when people wanted to be a dj. Right. But as the DJ started declining and fall in the back, nobody wanted them real positions that funk and Mo because they like, nah, I wanna be a rapper.


Because the popularity was, it was more of a thirst for popularity than the popularity came from the rapper. The DJ used to be in front of the rapper. So it was like dudes looking like, Damn I wanna go on tour. They ain't going on tour, they ain't getting no tour money, they ain't getting no show money, they ain't getting this. They ain't, so as you say, you didn't see a lot of young dudes saying I want be the most popping in DJ in New York City. I'm gonna take the shit manager. Yeah. All the man like nobody. I I wanna be the next biggest manager. Yeah. I wanna be like they was Top. Exactly. I wanna be, I wanna be a big time a and r like they was in Def Jam back in the day. Like all them Kaiser, Leo and all, they don't, people don't wanna do that record Label. And I think it's situational. See rappers with rappers is not a limited amount of jobs.


You feel what I'm saying? I could help you come up, you could be better than me and it don't affect me. I still run around, make my money, Get my children. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie. You know how much niggas I help come up and that shit ain't never once interfered with my career. Right. With with certain, with certain jobs is unlimited jobs. Right. So like Being the Robber. Right. Right. That's what I'm Saying. It's unlimited Opposed to being the top DJ at a radio station. No, that's a fact to to be the the, the corporate you running Wall Street to being the, the, the motherfucker that run universal priority or or or whatever record label cot or that those are limited jobs.


The top motherfucker. You feel what I'm saying? It could be a, it's a bunch of top motherfuckers in the rap game. Little Dirk is a top motherfucker. Young Thug is a top motherfucker. Kendrick Lamar is the top motherfucker. Drake is a top motherfucker to, to me any nigga that made it out the ghetto and is feeding they family and surviving off a rap, fuck you a top motherfucker world Up because a lot of people ain't making it word up. You feel What I'm saying? So if you able to run around here and make 10,000 a night off a rap. Well that's what I'm saying is like, so why is like motherfuckers still scared of like putting, you know, I don't agree with that in the rap game. I think that niggas should put niggas on in the rap like how we put niggas on in the podcast game.


Absolutely. But what Cam and them getting 50 million, whatever they got that didn't affect nothing we got going on Period. Word you feel. But this is also a motherfucking gig. If anything that shit help. Right. Because that shit's shown that like okay niggas can get money in this shit for real and there's more money out there to get, you know what I'm saying? Just like the convo we was having off the record, like yeah every one of these officers got a fucking somebody, somebody in their forties. Yeah. Who, who's a fucking student and lover of the culture of the game. It is like a football player. Right. You in your ninth year, right. Wow. Now they gotta pay you $17 million a year.


$18 million a year. Some niggas $20 million a year. You a defensive end. They just drafted a defensive end from Alabama. Now you could play this two ways. You could be like, I'm gonna show this motherfucker everything I know. And then next year I probably won't fucking be here. They probably going to cut my fucking check. I probably gonna be missing out on 17 fucking million dollars. Yeah. Or I could say young boy you gotta come in and get it how you fucking live. I could show you some things from here and there to help you get better. But I can't show you everything I know because I still got two more fucking years on my contract and I need to get that last 18.4 fucking million dollars.


You already know it's DraftKings, the crown is yours. Put it on where. But you know, all the time Draftkings is coming up with new offers and new promos. So today if you bet $5, you get $350 a casino spends instantly on a feature slot game. Just bet $5 and get $350 a casino spends on an instant slot game. Just make sure when you download the app, you put in Promo code GILLIE for the new offers and the new promos. The crown is yours. Where DraftKings Right GAMBLING PROBLEM Call one 800 GAMBLER in Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly 21 and over physically present in Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only void in Connecticut and Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply new customers only non withdrawable casino spins valid for featured game only and expire in 168 hours. See terms at casino dot DraftKings dot com slash promos ends June 15th, 2025 at 11:59 PM Eastern time.


So it's also, when you playing with you, you show a motherfucker how to get you to the fuck outta here sometimes. Yeah. I mean I ain't, I ain't saying like, you know, you gotta show everybody the trick You, you know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? Like I think, you know, putting somebody on or shining the light is different from being like, yo, this is my special technique. You know what I'm saying? Like, like this is where I keep this the secret sauce at. You know what I mean? I think that's two different things I Want. I want to know this, like how do it, like when you first started this, right? This, do you think today that you beat billboard charter, Grammy winner philanthropist, you got December 20th, they named after you so much stuff you do, do you think you'll have all this under your belt?


Just, just being an mc? Like Damn, I just wanna rap 1000%. You Knew this. Absolutely you done Had no Doubt. I mean honestly, sometimes my days is spent thinking that like I haven't done enough. Mm. You know, but Where, where did that, where did that, where did that confidence and that believability and self come from? God. Okay. First and foremost, I think since a kid a spiritual belief and faith was al was instilled in me from a very young age. I always walked with God, you know what I mean? Always had a high reverence for the higher power and I always felt very close to that higher power.


And yeah like you know, I was just a different kid bro. Like I had my first business cards when I was five years old. Mm. Jovi shoe shine and I would clean motherfucking sneakers So I could buy the video games I wanted. I was just always a hustler. I was always, Let's see if you still buy the, I'm a long way from those days. BI wanna See if he still got in. It's been a long time. B nigga's bad. Cracking the fuck. But no, but no, you know, a a lot of times it's hard, right? And I wanted to, the reason I wanted to know about that is 'cause for somebody out there, they don't have their self-belief and have a lot of doubt and be pessimistic based off the environment.


'cause the environment produce a lot of PEs pessimistic mindsets based off of, look at this, why would I think I could come outside of what I see? So it is always good to hear that and just having that. And I think a lot of times it's based upon everything that's going on in the house. When you growing up as a kid, it don't always look pretty coming from us. No facts. It, it look, you know, 'cause you gotta look at how is my mom believability? How is my father believability in self? And it gets, and it it could rub off on a kid or a kid might get breakthrough based off of grandma. And I'm based off A grandfather and I'm glad, I'm glad you brought it up because I think there's too many of us. Like this is a, this is a godless world.


It's a godless environment that, that we exist in. You know what I'm saying? Coming up from the streets, all of that. And not enough of us is grounded by faith. And you know, I don't, I don't mean to get all like religious with It. No, no. You just speak, Speak on it. But it's just from a standpoint of faith is important because that keeps you grounded, that keeps you centered. It's important that you remember that you are not in control all the time. You responsible for how you show up. But like, I always say it like this, right? Like if you gotta goal to get to California, you gotta meet God in Arkansas or Ohio. Ohio. You know what I'm saying? You gotta meet God halfway way, Whatever.


Like do what you can and you know, God recognize that. But at the same time, people gotta recognize too that it's not just an external job either. The, the external is a reflection of the internal. You know what I'm saying? That's why it's, it's always easier to help people who you see help themself. Like record labels nowadays don't wanna fuck with you unless you got motion. Unless you already a machine. Unless you already got something going with, because it's then it's like try pu try pushing the fucking boulder up a hill. It is nasty work. You know what I'm saying? It is that take too much, too much fucking effort to do. You know what I'm saying? So I think what's going on a lot out here is, is not enough faith instilled in us as kids.


Because what that faith that that like when you see people mad and you know they upset, of course their upbringing contributes to that. But a lot of that frustration comes from you feeling as if like you don't have control over the situation. And you gotta remember that there's there this, this other factors involved. You know what I'm saying? Like you got this, this whole spiritual world around us. Like that shit is very real. You know what I'm saying? And not enough of us is tapped into that. You know what I mean? So for me by far, that's what has kept my confidence is my faith. It's unwavering. Lemme tell you. So I, I know that there's, I know that God has a ultimate plan for me.


And with just that thought alone, I ain't shook by nothing that happens because I know it's part of the plan. You know Anybody that knew me, right? I tell you, even when I was going through my roughest times in life, me and my wife locked up me, I'm going through a bunch of shit. I always told my homies, God got me facts. I just know I keep working. I keep putting this work in. I just gotta put enough work in to please God. Facts. That's the only person I gotta please.


The only one. Once I please God, all the doors are open up for me. And they did. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. Look at you. Thank they still opening Up. Listen man, you went from grilling niggas on that barbecue to, you know what I mean? That was, that was my once so Dripping. That was my old life, man. Apologize. Let me ask you this. 'cause you speak on like being self confident and you never did no acting classes, right? So, or did you I did one acting class in my life, but in high school I was in the theater program, but I got kicked out after my first year. So, so that none of that shit counted. Like what I do today is nothing Why you get kicked.


That I learned from that because my, 'cause bro, I was from the hood and then I went to high school. Like that was the first time in my life where I had to think about specialized knowledge. Okay, specialized education. Like I wanted to be a rapper all my life, bro. I already knew I wanted to be a rapper, but it was no school to go to to enhance your rap skills. So I'm like, all right, what's the second next best thing? Like all, like you said, it go back to us all wanting to be do that thing and fuck the camera, the thing that's lit. So I'm like, all right, what's the second best thing? Acting was like, oh, I would love to be on TV. I love Will Smith. I love Tupac. So boom, I auditioned for like a bunch of schools, LaGuardia for fucking Edward r Murrow, and I ended up getting accepted into Edward r Moro. I never had an audition in my life.


It was just charisma, just natural, you know what I'm saying? I got, I got accepted into there, but that shit was a culture shock because it was my first time going to school with like white kids, Asian kids, like non-black, you know what I'm saying? It, it was a lot of black kids there too. But it was my first time in that theater program. I was one of three black kids. So that was already like, whoa, like I don't belong in this environment, you know what I'm saying? Then I met all the, all my rap homies who I formed ProEra with there too. So I just started slacking off of that shit. And you know, they kicked me out after the first year. So let me get back to what I was saying, right? So I knew you're confident in everything, right? So when you get the call or whatever for a reason came, right? She was like, I could do this Shit.


Oh, I already know it was mine. I could, I, I could do this shit, right? And that's the self-belief. But did you know a hundred percent know that the people was going to gravitate to you? Like they did? Without a doubt. Without a doubt. The moment I stepped on that, that set, and I shot my first scene, I'm like, this shit crazy, this shit outta here. But I tell you what, right? So I tell you the whole story I had, I wasn't a power fan for a long time, but the homies used to always watch it. And I used to like, I used to be one of those niggas that used to clown m like, y'all niggas watch power Nigga, like nigga I watch a 24 shit, like sophisticated films and shit like that.


But I was on tour one day and I, I tuned in and I got hooked. I got hooked just in time for season six. Boom, Washington, the end. Then I saw the commercials at the end talking about the spinoffs. I'm like, Damn, I would actually love to be be in that joint. So I'll never forget it. December 20th, 2019, I was writing my goals for the next year. 'cause that's like just a, a, a habit that I do. Like I just write my goals manifestations and I was like laying the role. That's all I wrote land. The, that was one of my goals. But that was like one of my first goals. The next month I got the audition in my inbox.


I'm like, all right, bet got the character brief. I'm like, all right, yeah, this is it. I ain't even rehearsed this shit b when I got there, I'm like downstairs, it's like a building in Manhattan in like the midtown. I'm like, all right, let me look over the script because I'm a rapper so it's very easy for me to memorize. Yeah, absolutely. You know what I, and I, I'm very like, my strength and acting is instinctual. So I like to have my first thing come across. I don't like to rehearse too much because then I start to feel like I overthink it. I like it just be like how I perceive it the first time. You know what I'm saying? Like, 'cause that's kind of how life is. You don't got time to rehearse life.


You just roll with the punches. So boom went over real quick, went up there, deliver a phenomenal audition and they was like, yo, would you cut your hair? I said, absolutely. Boom, got it. Next month, first day on set, we shot the joint. And I'm like, yeah, now this, this going to be the one before a long time. I avoided that type of role. I made sure that people saw me do other things. Like I Did Mr. Robot and then right before Kaden came out, I did the two distant stranger short film. And that was important to me because I didn't want to get typecasted. I always knew I'd be a fucking remarkable gangster on TV.


I grew up around too much gangsters, you know what I'm saying? Like I'm around gangsters too all my life, you know what I'm saying? I already knew I was going knock that roll out the park, but I ain't want to get Typecasted in that early where people thought that's the only thing I could do. So I made sure I did all of this shit and it came and came at the perfect fucking time. By the time that came it was like, okay cool, here's the track record. You see I got range, but I'm a body the hell out of this shit too. You know what I mean? And boom, rest was history. Let me ask you a question, being though that you, you just a natural in acting. If it was any role in any movie, any classic movie, what movie would it be and what role would you play?


I would love to do like when I saw Judas in the Black Messiah, That was Crazy. And I saw Daniel Kalus performance of that. Yeah. I was like, this nigga got my dream role. I wanna be a revolutionary. I wanna do something like that. You know what I'm saying? Something that really moves. I'm gonna grab that voice. And when you hear him naturally talk for him to grab that, the whole Pace he embodi that He de pasted the name thing. Facts, Shout out to Daniel. I wanna do that. I wanna do revolutionary joint. I'm glad you asked me that 'cause I get to manifest this shit live. I wanna do a boxer, like a iconic boxing story, you know what I'm saying? And then thirdly, We, we, we, we could put together A movie you could do great great Greg Hatch had, you know, Hey Greg, come On, let's do million dollars worth of pain.


Oh, Greg s it would be Greg, the Greg Hatchett story. Shout out to Greg Hatchett, man. Yeah. But, but no, it's like, now you, you, you, your body, your body like, like, like very, very seldom. Like, so you, you did something. So basically you did something like you did, how can I say, you did some Dion Sanders, Bo Jackson stuff. You was ever to be good in two sports and now you just continue to flourish in here. But I don't think a lot of times people understand your accomplishments in music is is on another level. Facts. How do you still have a hunger? Like everything that's coming out now, you dudes policing all this stuff, right?


You just, you know what I mean? And you know what's crazy? I'm gonna say this for you to be young, back in the day, that was a major word in Philly. Crash dummy. That was like a major word. Yeah, a crash. D we used to, we used to crash dummy. It was a fucking crash. Like you just, somebody could just have you do any type of dumb shit. Come on, come here man, go shoot some fucking ball. Like that was like to see that, you know what I mean? It's like, but all this, it is like, how do you, how do you still be hungry when your success is so high over here in a different department, in a different sport? How do you still, how do you stay home? How do you, how do you, like, how do you stay? How can I say? Not just hungry, motivated.


No, no. How do you practice to still be able to come on the field and execute on that high level and rap when you so locked in over here? How do you, how do you do that? Honestly, it comes and goes, you know what I mean? It's ebbs and flows. Like I'm not always motivated, you know what I'm saying? I won't lie to you. Like, you know, there's times when I'm like, like I'm good on this. Like I don't really feel like toing, like I done did this shit for like fucking 10 years, 12 years. Like I'm bored of it. You know what I'm saying? TV film is news' fun, you know? But I think it's really a matter of like, this, this this recent thing. I gotta, I gotta attribute a lot of this to the, to the competition, you know what I'm saying?


Like, and, and that's what this, this whole new chapter really showed me is that I haven't felt, I haven't felt that there was any real competition in a long time. You know what I'm saying? And that, that in that inspired me, that inspired me to be like, oh, word that niggas think I'm not like that. Alright. Is that why it's Joey versus everybody? Yo. I mean honestly that's the narrative that the media created. Oh. But like it could stay that way. You know? It's up like one thing about me bro, I'm never going back down. I don't back down And, and, and you've been coming at some names not on duty. Damn, that's crazy. You been, you know, displaying.


Oh yeah Because I just said some wild shit. I'm talking ain't too many people responded. We ain't gotta say no names, but why? It's competitive bro. And it and alright, I'll tell you, I'll tell you a few things so people don't really know how deep the Joey and TDE Rabbit goes, you gotta understand these are my guys for real. Like I've been on tour with q I've been on tour with ab. So like we get, we share tattoos, we share homies, you know what I'm saying? Like pulls like, you know what I mean? But it is a lot of love, you know what I'm saying? So when we start talking about competition and the love for the game, this shit is a sport to us.


You know what I'm saying? Like we all want to be the best. Like this ain't a, this ain't about, this ain't a Kendrick thing. I don't got nothing against Kendrick. Like I love Kendrick. Kendrick the homie, we telling me and Kendrick see each other. It's love, respect, it's mutual. This just about Joey feeling like he the one and you know somebody in that one spot. So that happened to be the, the the focal point, you know what I'm saying? That's all it is just like for him and it's like honestly I know dot respected. I know he respected It. So you saying this is more some old school shit? It's more some absolutely this school some but like some new school shit though. We doing it way. No, What I'm saying is because because the new school now is you, you diss me, I shoot you and then oh yeah So I put you in a pack and I rap about it and I actually rap about the crime that I did.


Oh I shot you when you fell by the Honda. I tell you what, this ain't no new school, old school shit. This's some real man shit. But what I'm saying is there's Some grown shit, some mature Shit. What I'm saying is old school, what I'm saying is it was more of like basketball nigga you think you better than me nigga? Nah, I get What you playing. Okay, let's get on the court facts. Jay-Z and Nas And that's what it is for you Feel what I'm saying? LL cool J and cool mo d your KRS one and and and what's my man damn low? What's my man name? KS One who he Was going Han you feel it was more of we could, we could see who the best, let the people decide who the best and and that's going Handle a lot of business and we gonna move on right?


And then we might piece it up. You know what I'm saying? We gonna be cool later. Like yeah that's what it is to me. It's like bro, and it goes back to what I said like I don't really got like no ego like that. I mean of course everybody got a ego. I don't wanna sound like I'm just some fucking monk nigga 'cause I'm not. But to me it's like I'm fear game. A lot of my life is on display. It's so like what I show is on display for people to judge, for people to whatever show. Even with the recent sparring that just that I just undertook bro. I don't feel no way about nothing that was said. And I feel like niggas started taking off they gloves but I kept my gloves on the whole time. You know what I'm saying? Just to display like this is really what it is for me.


Like it is about the sport, it's about the competition, it's about the love for the game bro. It's like I'm a competitor, I love this shit and I just wanna put that out there. I wanna dunk on anybody. That's how I feel. We getting on a track together. You could be my man's bro. Like just like when we get on that court, don't you wanna win? I'm always, if we play one on one nigga I'm cook this shit out. You right nigga cross you up, hit you with all that, throw you on the grill with they one. So all that you know. But after that we gonna break bread. You know what I'm saying? We going politics So I don't see why it's any different, you know what I mean? And it is like yo, I think, I think lyrical warfare is great for the sport be it is like nobody getting hurt, you know what I'm saying?


Like at least, at least it is not intentional if, if people do get hurt, you know what I'm saying? But the intention is there like this is for the culture. This is for the sport. Let's keep this shit right. It's a different time. Nah it is a different time and I understand that but it's like you gotta like me bro. I haven't set nothing for this whole year. Niggas can't take that l nigga's feeling. You know what, in today's time, you know I tell you what I take it all the way back. Right? Like when I dropped rulers back and I said too much West Coast Dick Lgg, I watched the whole world like what I say and what you think I said is two different things and I watch the whole world spin my shit outta context. I watched everybody feel a way.


Oh he seen fuck the west coast, this that third. But I'm like cool 'cause it's like yo, for me I ain't backing down. So like if niggas want to make it about some shit like that, then cool. I bet what y'all got bring it. I know what I meant and I know what my intention was. Anybody what you mean bro? First of all niggas gotta understand is it's a Hove line, right? Oh, I already know. Of course y'all niggas know. If Hove never said that line, I would've never said it. I'm a, I'm a artist and I'm a great artist. So of course I knew the timing was impeccable. The timing was remarkable for me to use that line nigga. It wasn't a better fucking time to to to reith that.


You know what I'm saying? But for me personally, I'm like okay cool. Like I know those are my niggas, you know what I'm saying? Or my niggas know that they my niggas and I I'm they homie and shit. So I know they ain't going to take no offense by it. I ain't gonna lie. The only oversight that I made was I Did not, honestly, I did not expect that it was going to land on the doorstep of so many people who didn't, who wasn't tapped in with who I was was. And I think that's where it got spun outta context. People like who the fuck is this nigga like talking about? Boom boom. I'm like nigga fuck this nigga. You know what I'm saying? Like I gotta stand up for myself. I'm like all I can't, I ain't about to come on Twitter like yo, I ain't mean it like that yo. No disrespect. Nah I already know it's no disrespect.


You know what I'm saying? And I'm very much, when you see me, we could have a conversation. I ain't gonna jump on Twitter, go back and forth with niggas like oh nah I ain I ain't mean it like this. Nah, I know what I meant. But if niggas wanna take it outta context, let them take it outta context. Let them be crash dummies. Let them go right ahead. And at the same time, me being a true sportsmanship player in this game, I'm like, I respect it. If niggas feel a way like I was coming at they side and they wanna respond back, defend they side, I Respect it. Let's play ball. Let's Play ball as you should. My nigga here's an opportunity for you, some nigga talking wild about your block. Fuck outta here nigga.


Like nigga I welcome that shit. You know what I'm saying? Even though I just came through Bing, bing, bing. I wasn't really like directing the shots at nobody. I was just like, yo, what up 5, 5, 5 mouth outside nigga. You know what I mean? But then it, you know, shit, niggas started directing at me So I said all right bet that's it. And that's just how I look at it. B but like I said, anything that got said about me, like I don't give a fuck. I'm not offended. I don't feel a way. I think it was fun. I had a lot of fun like the homie shout to the homie Daylight. I don't know Ray Von personally, but shout out to him as well, you know what I'm saying? I think it was a great moment for everybody. I think it was a great moment for HipHop but you know, there's levels to this shit.


Lemme ask you. So, so did anybody come back at you ever in life? Say that again? Did Anybody ever like respond to you ever in life on track where you was listening, you was like, alright, that, that all ain ain't gonna lie. That was some nice shit. Absolutely. Daylight. Daylight. So when you heard It for the first time? Not, not his first joint, but I already knew when I, when I hit him with the, with the loaded lux joint, I already knew that. And, and we had a whole conversation about that shout be like you love it. I already knew I knocked him off as pivot with that. If not just straight got him outta there. Yeah, but when I heard that Ayo shit, I was like, okay, yeah that's hard for sure.


Like I ain ain ain't a hater bro. I I'm not a hater. I gotta respect It. Yeah. I ain't a hater at all. Like if some shit fires fire respect, you know, you know what I'm saying? But that's the only one I thought was fired. Yeah. To be real. Yeah. Yeah that was it. You know. Shout out to light now. What's up with the mentor program? Oh yeah, the impact mentorship. So we, on our second year impact mentorship is all about everything that I've been saying man. Like trying to make sure that the next generation has the access that we didn't have. So for those who don't know, I founded a mentorship program that prevents that, that promotes free mentorship for men of color free professional mentorship. So we got different industries, we got sports, we got tv, film, we got media, we got culinary arts, we got music.


So you got people like JID to Stefan Diggs to Chef Kwa, Nachi, yo, I'm A chef. I might gonna come through there and teach a class. Come on Now. Nah, nah, but but you know what, it's a year long program. Okay. So the way that it runs is 12 sessions throughout the year and it's like an hour every month. And fuck you. We basically Make Oodle and Noodle Las. I'm gonna teach him a lot. I I got my What you gonna make oodles and noodles? I got my calling jail million Dollars worth of pain. You know what I'm saying? Nigga? Nigga be cooking in jail man. No I wasn't Bro. Listen I went to culinary school though. Listen Nigga, you tell him if you go to culinary school in jail, I know That. Don't fucking count. I know. I mean I, I I beg the diff if you know how to cook in jail you can learn.


I Can cook. Cook ain't kill me for cooking These twists slim. No, we talking about real, we talking kitchen Noodles in the fucking bag. No, We talking about The kitchen Keeping it up. No we talking about the real Feeding the whole Kitchen, the cafeteria. I ain you talking about the block. I'm on another level. Fucking I I come through that joining Craftsman like if you graduated in jail, that shit don't count. Alright? If you get outta jail, you was a chef in jail, you get outta jail, You go right and be a chef in the Street, you go down to Ocean Prime. They like okay full of resume out where's all your jobs at? You like, nah, I've been cooking in jail. You ain't gonna put that on there.


You ain't gonna put that shit. But that was your job. That's not how you do it. What you gonna do is you going, listen, you're gonna fill out all the qualifications. I'm a stew chef, I'm a boo boo boo. Everything that you really is, then you can throw a reference number. They might be and all it is they gonna be calling the the teacher in the joint fact. No. Like you was They going do a background shit, they're Not doing All that shit. Do you think they just bringing a motherfucker in the ocean prime without seeing you Ain All that shit? Honestly I feel like that's a great opportunity for some virality. Like yeah Top Chef came right out the pen. I Could been top chef if I was You need a Ocean Prime nigga. You get right on the grand with I go right up, I can turn up right now. Go Up. Why didn't go crazy. Lemme ask you, when you niggas been getting locked up since the motherfucker 17 hundreds.


When you ever seen a Top Chef come home from prison? Nah, I mean I've never seen I'm, I'm gonna shut it down. Jeff Henderson, chef Jeff. Listen That shit a fucking homie. No, no he's not my homie. No, no, no, no, no. You're talking you think I'm talking about the wins name? You think I'm talking about the teacher chef Jeff did federal time in the penitentiary in San Diego came home. He was a top, he learned how to cook in the jail, prison. The federal joint came home. He was one of the top chefs in Las Vegas. Whoa. Nah, a lot of Niggas now you Ain top place chef. I mean shit sometimes just happen that way. No, he got a book Called Cook That Shit because somebody confirmed this nigga got top Called Cook Man nigga. No he not. He was on Oprah. Anything That remind me of the artist, Mr.


Wash. Shout to Mr. Wash from, from Watts, California. Speak about Him. He was, he was locked up. I think he was serving life or something like that. But he was a painter. He was just going crazy with the art in jail. And I think Barack Obama had part in him 'cause his pieces was that ill and he came home and like, shit, I got a Mr. Watch in my Crib. He went crazy. Yeah, he went, came home, went crazy. Shout to Mr. Wash, man. Mr. The homie big dog painter. Yeah, artist. Something different though, man. Chef and cooking man. Yeah Man, you, you right. But nigga ain't have no, The point is to all the peoples out there, it don't matter where you at. You could make opportunity for yourself. That's it. I ain I ain't denying that. I'm gonna say that nigga didn't come home. He's a hater. I'm gonna say this like, like, like, like when is your directing, when, when is you gonna direct something big?


When you just gonna snap and say, you know what, when? Yeah. Oh, Real soon. Real Soon. I'm talking about something that's just like, We ain't even respect. I got, I got some great ideas. I started my production company last year, so I'm already on that man. Like I feel like we ain't got enough. Like in the nineties we had, it was, I feel like it was a renaissance with black film, you know what I mean? Everywhere you looked, there was a new fucking amazing black film coming Crazy man. It's to society, Jews fucking Boomerang, Wood Mo Better, blue Mo, better Blues Boomerang, like yeah, it was just back to back to back. And I want to get back to that, you know what I mean? We, So we had quality films too, and I got a bunch of ideas, ideas that I know we wanna see, you know what I'm saying?


A bunch of stories that I have not seen told. So yeah, like I'm, I'm, I'm on it, I'm on it. I'm still getting the resources together and all that. I'm also still making my name for myself in this TV world. So, so when come, ain't no blockouts and shit like that. You Say what? So when you come it's like, nah, I'm Exactly, exactly. This shit real, this shit real. For sure. So you, you the guy on set talking to the director. Absolutely. I'm, I'm, I'm like, yo, shout, shout to my, it, it is crazy you picked that up. 'cause shout to my man, Mario Van Peebles, man. Like I'm definitely the guy who like, I'm shadowing it down. Yeah, He's a legend. Yeah. I'm like, all right, in between shots. I'm with the director. He wanted to be Mario Van Posse when he was younger.


Shit. He made posse, he made all of, he made a bunch of his, his dad was a legend too. Melvin. Yeah. Now you, you up, you up under a legend. Absolutely. Absolutely. So I take, like I said, bro, I'm a, I'm a student in every room I at, like, I don't feel like there's no room where I'm too big enough or too smart enough to learn from somebody in there. Like I learn from kids, bro. I'm learning from my kids on the daily. Yeah. You know what I mean? So that's just how my mind work. Like I'm always trying to see what's up with the, with with the get down. You know what I mean? And see how shit work. 'cause you was touching on something earlier that made me think, just back to the point of our people always want to do the lit thing. My first day on a TV and film set, my first day I shot Mr.


Robot, I was blown away because immediately the first, the first thing I noticed was how many people was involved behind the camera. So that, and they getting a lot of paper, Yo. I'm like, yo, this is 131. Mr. Robot Was Mr. Robot was the next level joint too. Nah, that means no, I shot Level Up, Malik Christian, slate, the Sam. But yo, I'm like, yo, I saw 131 jobs that day that I never heard about. And I'm like, this is the fucking problem, Problem. First ad, second ad, Boom, Mike audio, all of that. People that handle it. I'm talking the executive gaffer G You know what I'm saying? All types of shit. I not even know Security on There existed. I'm like, yo, we just got our focal point on.


I just gonna be in front of the camera. But that's like fucking eight niggas in front of the camera. Meanwhile, there's 200 motherfuckers who, who, who behind the camera, who really count. Same thing in music. Get into that paper. Same thing in, Same thing in music. It's, you know, you Know what I'm saying? Top flight. That's why motherfuckers don't even understand how crazy they sound when, when a motherfucker do a sex scene, they be talking, man, That shit look real man. You hit that Nigga. It was 255 people watching. What the fuck is you talking about? Facts. Facts. The fuck are you, Fuck. But that's how niggas in the hood think though. Nah, that shit look real. But you was in it. It's a fact Bro. You know how many times they say cut? No. But I think, I think a lot of times it's not pushed people.


Nah, that's true though. It's a lot of times it's not pushed. It Should be weird though. I ain't be it be weird. It is like all Act like all right. Yeah. That shit, that shit weird Cut ain ain't gonna lie. You cut. Hey, pull a blanket back, get a little bit more of her ass cheeks. Alright. Your actions That, that Shit Be weird. You know what I'm saying? And then me is like, you know, I'm a very realistic guy So I be like, damn, can I like grab your neck? Like nah. Like all well this shit, this shit about to be wack now Because it's not realistic. Like Whoa. Like What would you say if he asked to get I grab your neck, Hey yo, he, wow. Hey, wow. He'd be on set.


Did you giving up Rim Josh crazy man, This dude crazy. But no, the whole thing is, the whole thing is like, I think it, a lot of people don't see what's, you don't see or hear about what's behind the camera, behind the microphone, behind the video. And you don't see all these people with jobs is that's sometimes making more money than artists. That's a fact. Because we gonna be straight Without a doubt. 'cause you know what, yo the artist shit is so fucking wish Wasy, you ain't even making money when you lit. It's a lot of time spent as being an artist and you not lit Most of the time spent. You ain't lit Most of the time. You know what I'm saying?


If, if you ain't just had that pop off from the jump thing, you ain't dizzy. Yeah, right. I think, I think, I think, I think we don't look at systems a lot of time from our culture. We don't look at the systems of things like Ari for instance. It's systems being a part of the label, being a part of the, the film crew, they're going to eat forever because people don't look at it. People look at some of these actors and they ain't see that they was really going through until the strike happened. They was like, Hold up. I've been watching this dude act all this time. He, he, he, he ain't really making no money. I thought he was, I thought he was a millionaire. I thought same thing with rap. You think of the dude, you think 'cause you keep seeing somebody video you Instagram the Fuck is on That you like Yeah, on real life you're not getting booked for no shows.


You don't see no shows. You don't see no tours. You ain't seen no merchant. Because a lot of artists sometimes they don't even build no fan beats. No real hard ticket fan beats up. Exactly. They just be doing the clubs. You, you drop a single yo listen Some my artists out there, these labels cannot fucking help you. They can only assist you once you have the motherfucking engine already. What is the Engine? Well, well the, the engine is the strategy. How do you stand out from the rest of the people? What are you bringing that's different? What is the brand identity? That's the engine you focus on that you focus from standing the part of the crowd. You know what I'm saying? You get that figured out. That's half, that's, that's half the motherfucking battle. Everything else is timing and you know, some money.


But like nowadays, it ain't even always just money. You know what I'm saying? Sometimes it's just timing being at the right place, right time or knowing the right person. You know what I mean? But just know these labels cannot help you because once you, if you ain't got that figured out, if you ain't got your engine figured out, your strategy, your brand identity, once you go to these labels, all they gonna try to do is try to help you figure that out. And now they forcing you in a box that you don't even fit in. They trying to make you somebody that you might not even be. And it's just like, it's, it's, it is a, it is a fucking lose lose situation. You know what I'm saying? So establish who you are first. Create some fucking leverage. Get some fucking motion, and then you entertain a partnership with one of these motherfuckers.


But don't let these niggas finesse you outta thinking that you them no, they fucking need you. Especially in 2025. They need you more than, more than ever. And that was a man I was worth. And talk about partnership though. 'cause you said you ain't say I want a record deal. You said partnership. Explain to them what that is. Yeah, I mean listen, partnership is what you can ask for. Once you create leverage once you know yourself. Yes, yes. Once you know what you bring to the table, then it's about partnership. You know what I'm saying? It's about putting two entities together to make a bigger, to get a bigger outcome. You know what I'm saying? If it's not doing that, if you click up with a label and fucking nothing happened different than when you was on your own, that's a fucked up deal.


That's a bad deal. It don't even matter what the numbers is. The fact that you don't get a bigger result from that relationship, there's No growth up. There's No growth. If it's no growth, it's like you decide Like they, the whole time they just waiting for you to create a fucking moment. Yeah. That's it. You know what I'm saying? So like these labels nowadays, man, like they don't even fucking matter. Like you gotta, you gotta get yourself to where you at and then you finesse these niggas for the bag. All right, so this is what I need. My album is already done. Give me this boom, boom, boom and bang. That's what we going to do. And they can't tell you no 'cause then all right, bet I'm gonna go to this other, I'm gonna go to these other people. There's so much labels out here bro. Like, you could fucking figure it out.


You could. I I, I'm probably making it sound a little bit easier than it's done, but trust me, that shit is more than doable. And it's like these labels keep finessing these young artists into thinking that they need them and they don't. And I'm tired of fucking seeing it. So what you got coming up, coming up? Man, I got a lot of music coming up. A lot more new film, you know what I'm saying? Listen, I'm just, I'm just gonna continue to be the best version of myself man. Like more music, more film and shit. We, we see what else man, I'm gonna meet God in, in in Ohio and we gonna see what he had for me out there. Yeah. I like that. You know what I mean? Ohio. I like that. That sound like, that sound like that sound like a title for a project or album or a movie.


Come On man. Listen man. Million dollars worth of pain man. Yeah. Worth For pain. Think About it. He met God in the prison shower one time. That nigga one day in the wash old head was in ass nigga said shake your ass. That nigga make God please Guy, give the fuck out. He lying nigga. Oh, here they seen that. You Ain said me. Shake Your ass. Wash yourself. Show me with you. That nigga met God that day in, in his prison. Preach. Well listen man, we appreciate you man. Keep going up, keep doing your thing. If you, if you ever need a writer, a ghost writer to holler at me, I A lot. I wrote for a lot of people I wrote for Kiss. I ain Throwing them lies for Kiss.


I wrote for Kiss. You Ain't right for Kiss Yo Kiss. I wrote you gotta Have a conversation Man. See if I get Kiss on the phone, Shit. Get the fuck outta here. Oh I should rap in Jail. I'm been waiting for this just to see if you can get Kiss on the Phone. I might can, you know what I mean before I wrap up. Nigga just lying. You get him on the phone, shit. Shit. It might be some validity to this story. Yeah, I'ma see he might he Get anybody on the phone. He tell you any fucking thing. Barack Obama on the fucking phone, GU Obama. He might answer. Well now your butler at the White House. The fuck are you talking about Guo? Your call has been forward To Voice.


Fuck outta hit hit the red button. Kissing what The, you know my new number? Yes, he do Kiss and what Wallow Want? No, he don't know this my new number. I'm telling you I ain't trying to talk the wallow right now. For Real Word. The mother, I got new numbers. He said that's good. He don't know the number. He don't know my New number. He just texting. He like, I know that's Wildo. He did this like I ain in the phone for A while. No, but I wrote some of his stuff. I wrote some of his first single Motivational speeches. He gonna be crazy. Yo, Hey listen man, he being JoeyBadass and it is just like, dang Right.