
Hey Million. dollars worth. Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right? Listen, we are excited. Yes, we are excited. We got a new presenter sponsor. JackPocket. Yes. One thing about JackPocket, they gonna sock it to your pocket like a rocket if you win. Yes. America's number one lottery app. Yes. I don't care if it's state, I don't care if it's national. Yes. You could play right on your phone with JackPocket What. are you waiting for Download the app right now? Listen, your first, I'm talking about you're gonna get your first ticket for free. Yep. When. you use Code GILLIE. Yep. That's all you gotta do is use Code GILLIE Let me tell you something. Mega Millions is currently over a half a billion dollars and over $540 million in lottery prizes have already been won on JackPocket. So. guess what We are. sock to your pocket with JACKPOCKET. Get down with 'em. Download JACKPOCKET today. Use code GILLIE GILLIE JackPocket America's number one lottery app. Why. would you go to anybody else when you could whip your phone out? Oh, whip it Punch in. Cool GILLIE. Oh, whip it. Let's get it. What, are you waiting for? Sock it to your pocket with JACKPOCKET Gambling problem call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska 21 Plus in Arizona Void were prohibited. Promo code required for $2 non withdrawal credit prize amount may differ at time of drawings terms JackPocket dot com slash tos slash free dash ticket promo slash


Right. You're now tuned into me. Million dollars worth a Game, man. Yes, Yes. Listen, Man, listen, you got my, the one and only the author of Broski. Broski was one of the greatest songs of all time. Wow. Listen, Let me tell you something, man. The entitlement that friends and people close to you have is unfucking believable. you know, and, you know, join a, I don't know what what, what made you, what made you even create a song that everybody, that everyone in life is going through. I'm a dude, spend 20 years in prison, come home, been home seven years, get up every day, work, go hard, come up.


And then for some reason people be entitled to what you have and what you work for for some reason. And it's like, it's never about what they give you, but you give somebody is about what you have. I want your life. Mm. I want the women that stalk you. I want the jewelry you got. I want the car you got. I want your life. I want your life. And if I can't have your life, I secretly hate you. Right. I really don't like you because no matter what you gimme is never enough. You gimme 10,000. I'm gonna go mess it up 'cause I didn't work for it. Come back. I need 20. Damn. I don't give going back down the way, tell a bunch of people that's not doing nothing with their life. Oh, he's fronting on me. He's Hollywood. I don't even like, like what made you come up? Did, did you really have Broski?


Like Broski? Yeah. Yeah. Broski is like a, like, you know, a lot of the, a lot of the reason why I wrote the album was off based off of the, the concept of that of Broski, you know, what I mean. you know, just dealing with, you know, throughout the years, you know, when you come become successful, you know, I I I was watching this interview with Hove the other day where he, he, he said, Yeah, I Remember some people have the mentality of, you know, your success means their downfall. you know what I'm saying? Which was, which, which was, was striking to me. Right. Because that's exactly what Broski is about. you know, what I mean and you know, that's, that's really kind of been the sentiment of, of my life for a couple years.


For sure. He was pissed. Like the video displayed it in the greatest way. Like it was just like, 'cause 'cause he told you as you set in a chair, what they usually tell the people around you, they don't tell you that the way he feel. That's when he be telling his baby mom. He be telling Yeah man, he owe me man. He posed, man. I was there when he was, when he was in the studio all night. I was there. You didn't make the song. He did. I was there. No, no. He took you, he paid for your hotel on the flight. You didn't, I was there man. He, I held him down when the Bulls ain't nothing happened. You just, he paid like you ate. Remember when you ate that night at the Cheesecake Factory? He paid for that and he got you some chicks when y'all was in Detroit.


Like everything was on him. You never did nothing with the money he gave you. You, you thought you was living his life. So that song right there was so powerful. you Know? What was the greatest part about that song? It wasn't just that the, that he was telling him how he felt. It was the finesse to get up to the point to tell him how he was. It was the finesse. He, you know, I been there for you, you my dude, I'm, you, you know what I mean? Facts. Ain't nobody ever like you, you know what I'm saying? You the shit. But nigga you owe me nigga. Like what you mean? Hold on. Wait. And that's what niggas do. Like, you tell me, one of the main things you tell me is 'cause I don't really fuck with niggas because I just was in jail with 5,000 niggas.


And a nigga would come around you early in the day in jail, bust it up, had conversations with you all day, do all this shit all day to get to the end of the night just to ask you for a Soup before it's lockup time. Tell me all these stories. Like, and Gil always say, damn, 'cause you always in the cut. Like me, I'm the type of bull do this go to go home. I'm going home, lock the door, go in the crib and chill, watch him YouTube, do some studying, whatever. And he'd be like, damn, you don't dudes that see him. Damn. Why I don't in the car by myself, bro. Like I just was around 5,000 dudes for 7,300 days. You think I wanna be around you dudes.


And if you not got nothing going on, like we not going, we not gonna sugarcoat in the cap. You got people that's genuinely love you. you know, my people not genuine, but what do we fucking got in common? How is we going to mutually benefit this relationship? Why is we co like we not kids to just be, oh, let's post up and kick it. Let's be on the block. Let's be homies. No. How has this been mutually beneficial for both of us? I know what I do. I know what I could do. I know why you are around now what, what value you bringing me? Right? So to avoid all the hate, the fake homie shit, the fake kicking it, the, you my bro, I'm gonna just go my way. Now you said Broski is the main reason you created the rest of the bo the rest of the album. Tell me how the process went, The process of creating the album.


So not now I'm busy really is has really been my life for the last couple years, you know, and, and I felt like before, before I got on, I was in survival mode. you know, for my, my whole life I've been in survival mode. So, you know, when I, when I actually, you know, got enough bread to actually chill for a second, you know what I'm saying? I started to discover who I was and started to learn a lot about me. And during that time, you know, I was faced with, you know, a lot of Broski situations and it really turned me into a different person. you know what I'm saying?


And if you look at the cover and you know, you see the blood on there on my face, you know, with that, you know, the deeper meaning to the album is really just me killing my old self to become a new version of myself. But that new version of myself isn't necessarily, you know, the the, and the most positive version of myself. Right? It's kind of like, it's kind of like, you know, I'm, I'm, you know, I'm different now in a, in a negative way because of that. Because of the traumas, you know, the things that you, the the things that I face. So, you know, a lot of people, you know, when they, when they are going through life, you know, they become enlightened and you know, they're changing in a positive way.


And I think that the opposite has happened to me because I felt like, you know, I was a more positive person before and due to my, you know, the traumas and, you know, other success. And I feel like that I'm a different person now in a, in a, in a negative way. you know what I'm saying? And so the process has been pretty much that. So, so you, they, they, the the, the tribes and tribulations of your journey, your life and ups and downs, the bruise, the beat up, it leads you to go through all this stuff. And then, you know what's so funny? I know they saying to theyself, then you got the dance to say, not now.


And I'm busy. That's like a spit in the face out here to people too. Like, that's like, man, you ain't answer my call, man. You want some, You're trying to juggle a bunch of different things at once. you know, when you reach a certain level of success and only people that really, you know, have reached a certain level of success can understand what it's like. you know what I mean to be that busy to where, you know, I didn't purposely leave you on red, you know what I'm saying? You text me and right when I was responding to you, I had to hop on a, a business phone call, right? A million dollar business phone call. But you wouldn't know nothing about that. So forgive me for not texting you back right away because I'm in the middle of a two, three hour, couple million dollar, you know, conversation.


you know, that's gonna keep this thing going. And then by the time you hang up with that conversation, I got my son wanting to spend some time with me, right? So then a day or two go by and I forget to hit you back. But because you got too much time on your hands, you took that personal right? And now it's, oh, you don't want to respond back to me. You think you too good, you left me on red. You wasn't like that before. You think that just because you got some money now that you can do that and na da da yada yada y Broski, you see? And now you jumped out the window, now you online popping shit, join the things, he's this and da da da. And now it's too late to mend it or fix it because you fucked up and you jumped out there and you know, you really savage the friendship. I don't went, I went through this shit with friends, family, but even worse situations than that, that was light, A light situation.


And these motherfuckers that you really have love for to motherfuckers that jump out the window like that because they don't understand, nigga, they're not, they don't, they don't get it. The old joiner was forget he'll forgive for sure, you know? I know him. 12, well listen, 12 years, I, I known him 12 years. I know him, you know, 15 years. This your business party. Yeah. you know, I'm not but the new joiner, like, fuck you, fuck you, you're done, Cut, done, you're out. See you later. You this weight that just hangs, and I ain't carrying you, but Let me just say this. When you say gone, when you say, you know, during all this process, it made you, it made you worse in a negative way. I don't really look at it as in a negative way. Yeah. Because I understood what you were saying.


Some people might not understand what you're saying. Well, how did it make them that No, because I used to be a happy go lucky nigga that fucked with everybody. That was cool with everybody. But after a while that stem burnt the fuck out. you know what I'm saying? So now when you burn me out, I can't be that person that I used to be. Now I gotta be a little bit more hardcore. But that's not a negative thing. Yeah, that's a positive thing because you gotta weed the motherfuckers away who don't appreciate what you bring to the table, what you bring to them, the value you bring to them. Because nine times outta 10, when we in a position that we in, we bring way more value to a nigga than they bring to us. And that ain't no slap in the face. It's just that you, you wasn't blessed to be in the position that I am.


I thank God For that. But it happened, it happened with family though too. Yeah. So, you know, it's, so when it happened, they, the main Ones It happened with. So yeah. So, so when it happened with them, it's a little bit different because it's family. It hurt, right? Like it take you time to get over that and be okay with Like I. I can feel like that, but that Ain't negative thing. It's, It's not like that. you know what I mean? Nah, but that's not the, that's not the negative thing. The negative thing is who you turn into due to your traumas and your scars of that keep happening, right? So now it's like, like, you know, not the same person. You're not the same person. Now you got your, your patience level is a little bit thinner now you're not so warm anymore. you know, now you're not so welcoming anymore. Now due to that, you know, you changed up your personality just, it might change a little bit based off of that.


And then now it's like, yo, what's up? This nigga different now. Right? And it's, you know, it's because of that. But I think that it's necessary though for me to protect my peace though. you know what I'm saying? So I had to kill off the old me to become a new version of myself. And that's the new version of myself. The new version of myself is fuck you, you feel me? So the old me was more like, oh, you know, that's my nigga. That's my cousin, that's my, you know what I'm saying? We try to understand where you're coming from and try to like, you know, mend this shit. Fuck all that. It's deep because, you know, we live in a time now. And and you said it, you said it before, you said once, once people ain't get what they want or whatever happened, certain things happened.


It was like, it, it was on a time. It was on a time like, oh, I'm gonna go online. I'm gonna disrespect him, Mo I'ma do all that. Yeah. And we live in a time now where though, you know, you call it the Kat Williams effect now. But see, this is what people gotta understand. And this is for you out there, it's only gonna be one. Kat Williams. Kat Williams didn't prepare to go by you. Kat Williams was just being him. So if that's your thing, if that's what you're trying, you're wasting your time, Bro. I've had niggas, I've had niggas that I grew up with, right? That I had made music with coming up, right, just in the crib, in the trap, you feel me?


Like this like setting in the studio, yada, yada, yada, trying to come up, you know what I'm saying? And then, you know, we, we, we go off on our own ways in life and then I end up coming up and becoming who I am. But you know, those people, you know the Broski effect and it's like when you don't do for them or you don't put them on and you don't like, motherfuckers expect you to just be like, yo, here, here's Eminem's number. you know what I'm saying? Give him a call. Yo, jump on. Lucky you with me and M right? I know niggas don't know who you are, but it's cool, you know, jump, yo, here's this Chris Brown song. Jump on this. Like, they niggas think that it works like that.


It don't work like that. And because it doesn't work like that and you don't do for niggas, these motherfuckers turn around and and dis me. Like, But why can't, but, but, but Alright, Make dis records. So So This videos For for the, for the, for the, yeah. For the layman eye out there for the naked eye out there that don't know. Yeah. In particular as an industry, why can't you just, hey, I'm your homie. Why you can't put me on a song with you and Eminem? It don't work like that because gotta get clearances. You gotta get clearances. So you Gotta get a label waiver right from the label, you know? So You're gonna have to pay for it. And you know, m don't know me, but you know what, what I mean? But I'm hot, I'm hot. Like You m don't know you. And and a lot of artists though, they don't, a lot of artists don't really got the rights to do that.


The label got the rights to be able to wave that verse. So you gotta go through a label like you know what I mean. So, but, But, but, but I'm hot. Just like you and Eminem Don't matter. It don't matter. Like I can't Get As a manager. That's my response, you know what I'm saying? Like I give From the business. These motherfuckers, they social media, motherfucking 2000 followers and fucking a hundred monthly listeners on their Spotify. It don't matter. Right? It's Like. I can't just throw you on a song with m or put you on a song. But everybody say the city. That's right. Everybody from our neighborhood. Exactly. Exactly. It's a a hundred percent. But nigga I done had motherfuckers, I done had cousins, I done had cousins nigga jump out the window.


This me, this my mother shit on my mom shit, on my pop shit on my fam dis my like nigga just on some like fuck you. you know what I'm saying? You didn't, you know? And it's like, that shit hurts 'cause it's like, damn nigga, like Disrespect this you and your mom Yo. But it's like, yo, if I do that, people don't go cold. Look, if I do that, don't go no cold. If I do that, then I'm gonna get the clout. I'm gonna put your name on it and she's gonna be joining Lucas dis And then people wants, Someone Wants get a reaction from him, get the reaction outta me. So it'll go two ways. Either I'm gonna get clout or you gonna diss me and then you going gimme clout, right? Yeah. Either way you're not giving me clout, so I'm gonna take the clout one way or another, right?


Yeah. So it's desperation Out of desperation. It's sad. My nigga is like react. But that's just one. But again, that's just one sentiment of one that's, that's like one thing out of the millions of other things that I've had to go through with the people that, you know, that were close to me at one point, you know, understand what I'm saying? And these relationships were mendable or with time, you know, Tom Hill's wounds, you know what I'm saying? But then when motherfuckers jump out the window and they start like doing too much, showing, you know what I mean, showing you who they really are, nigga it is not an apology that can really fix that shit, bro. Bro. It's not really bro. Huh? Did Broski reach out when you made that song about him? It Was Mad Broski that Did the real Broski.


It was, it was one person intentionally that, I mean it was one person directly that was Broski. No, I think did that person, there was a lot. I think there was a lot. There was a lot of Broski. There was a lot, bro. I don't think it was, there was a lot. But here's the ironic part about the Broski record. It Was happening. Like, it was just, it just out of nowhere. It just started happening. I ain't look, you got what I'm saying? Right? So


This episode of Million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by DraftKings TD Touchdown Tudy taking it to the house. Infa six, whatever you like to call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more. A DraftKings sports book and official sports book partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from special teams or defense. We don't care how they score 'em, we wanna bet on touchdowns and Draftking Sports book is delivering ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown or how many tds will be in a game. Go to DraftKings Sportsbook app and make your pick ready to do your touchdown dance on your own new DraftKings customers bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. So that's bet $5 and get 200. You look at the math on this $5 and 200 in bonus bets. And all you gotta do is put in promo code GILLIE. I'm looking now, we about your phone right now. Download the DraftKings app, put in promo code GILLIE BET $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. What are we waiting on? The Crown is yours. Time to put it on right Gambling problem call one 800 gambler in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age in eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Bonus beds expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/ft ball


DraftKings, We get, we get off a label deal 2019. So he starts making bread. Really? you know what I'm saying? Because we got no label now, right? And that's when everything just starts, that's where your journey starts. You start learning, right? Yeah, because you're gonna do a favor here. You're gonna buy Hold means, which means that pre 2019 was Eminem, Chris Brown. I'm not racist, I'm not racist, you know, so they still have This expectation that he a multimillionaire signed at this record label, you know what I'm saying? But the truth is, I was broke. I was broke. He Made nothing off the label. Right? Nothing. Because they eat, which He was broke. I was broke, nigga Like, I didn't, I didn't put it like this.


Like when I was, you had a song with Chris Brown, Eminem, right? And all and you was broke. I was broke, right? But it's like, the perception was that I was rich, you feel me? But I was still climbing, I was signed to a label, right? And I had You get a 16% royalty, right? But you're not gonna see any of it because when, if they spend a hundred thousand dollars, they take your 20% distribution fee. So now you're down to 80, then they're gonna give you a 16% royalty. So you're down to what, like th 13,000, right? Yeah. That 13,000 is what's recouping the a hundred thousand that just got spent. 'cause it recoup against the royalty. So you are always in the red and you get your accounting statement in six months, right?


So you're six months behind on anything you've earned. You don't even get paid for the first 60 days. So you're really only getting payments of three months in your first six month statement. So you can't really make a forecast on how much money you've made until you are in like month 18, because then you could see a real, what does, you know, 12 to 16 months look like of royalties. By the time you're over here, they've already hit you with another advance and got you into your next option. You follow me? So the it, the, the way the labels is set up, it's a systematic like track Absolutely. In the finances. So an artist cannot grow, you know, they can control exactly what you're gonna get. So we went into the deal and he had to fulfill his first option.


That's how it started. But it's like we're not making no bread. It's like you got your advance and That's it, right? So I'm fighting them, I'm on joints, doing joints with Marshall, Chris, you know, I'm, I'm killing shit. And they're getting paid. They're getting paid, but I wasn't getting paid from that. So it's like it's Signed to them a hundred percent. They own the vocals, but the, the percept perception was, the perception was I was already rich, but I wasn't, you feel me? I'm still trying to figure out what the, I'm, I had to do some street shit nigga in order to make a little bit of bread here and there, you feel me? But apart from that, like niggas was fucked up out here, you know what I'm saying? So because the perception was I was already on, niggas had that expectation of like put me on, put me on a song with am, put me on the song with this nigga, put me on the song with Chris, oh you're not helping me, you're not doing it for me, you're not doing that for me.


I, and they dispose of me and they shit on me and they jump on the internet and they talk about me. And you know, I had like, yo, it's bad nigga. It is. It is Like. I it. Imagine, right? Imagine you built up ops, right? Like your success, right? A lot of rappers and niggas like from where you from Jealous, right? Because you in position and they not, right? So now it's like if you not gonna put me on, I'm going to either dish you, I'm gonna use you for clout, you are going to either respond to me and you're gonna give me clout or I'm gonna get clout one way or another.


Right? And then niggas is you, you, you built up ops like this, right? So you got niggas that's really jumping out the window. So these motherfuckers is going online and these niggas is like, you know, now it turned into some B shit where niggas is like, yeah nigga, you know what I mean? Niggas are trying to find you, niggas are trying to da da da. But how about your own pops is a Broski that niggas in the comments like, oh you want to know shit on my son, you wanna know dirt on my son. You want to know where that nigga be at. You wanna know information about him. How about that Bro? There's a record why? There's, there's a reason why these records hit so deep. Like you can't make it up.


Like you understand what I'm saying? Damn nigga Come dad Bro, record is such a masterpiece. I got it nigga. I got motherfuck screenshot. It's that authentic. you know what I mean? Like Picture of your own pops nigga. Like trying to like, you know what I'm saying? Like Instagram, fuck social media on the op, on the ops. You feel me? Social media is man, he, because he Mad no privately like on display because He mad, you Know what I'm saying? On display Because he feel like you ain't do exactly for him what you was supposed to do for him. You ain't buying him a new Benz? I ain't buying him a new bin. I put, it was actually I did, I retired my mom's, you feel me? And it was Like. I should have did that for him. Well No you kind of did like he took his like a hundred K Atlantic events and took like after commissions it took, took like 30,000 of it and gave it to his mom.


And then Was like, which was only, which was only after hundred. He like 30, 40 gs Left. I had a hundred K advance. I took after it was 20 got paid out after everybody got paid out. I got stuck with 60 K and I gave half of that to my mom. I told her to retire. But at this time I'm thinking more bread is gonna come in, I'm signed Now. didn Didn't realize until after that I fucked up and I'm like, oh shit, I realized what the situation was. But this bitch ass nigga was jealous of that. Right? Like, like you should, you should've did that for me, right? And it's like nigga, I would never like nigga, I want my, like my son, I'm on his ass, you know what I'm saying?


Pause to respect his moms, to love his moms to want him to, you know what I'm saying? To take care of his mom. you know what I'm saying? His mom come first, nigga fuck me bro. Like it's your mom. you know what I'm saying? Every man should feel like that Moms come first. How the fuck you going feel like you come first nigga? you know what I'm saying? And especially with the type of nigga that he was, you feel me? So it's like, but just imagine this is all Broski, this all plays a part in the whole Broski shit. It's deeper than just that. So I got that shit going on. I got niggas and I got cousins and family members and motherfucking friends and you know, motherfuckers all at the same time, people You doing business with, That shit turned me into a different nigga bro.


It turned me into a whole different nigga. And if you go watch like my first interviews like with the Breakfast Club, I was like a real giddy and like cheesy and happy to be here. you know what I'm saying? Like just, I was a whole different nigga. It was like when you was watching Pac when he was 16 and he was talking about girls and he was like girls, you know, and then motherfucker turned 23 and he's like, fuck them hoes, right? It's like nigga, it's like something did that to that nigga, you feel me? Because he wasn't like that. That's what, not now I'm busy as nigga. Like that's where I'm at with the shit now, you feel me? Like so it's, it is, it's more than just one Broski or one situation, right?


It's like you going through this shit with multiple situations but when you reach a certain level of success, that's what happens And you have to sacrifice that shit. Like you can't have the money and have everybody that was there and you know you can't, nigga, it's like motherfuckers got, some people gotta go right? Everybody can't go facts. That's just A plane and when the train take off, everybody can't go. Damn if you a liability and not a asset, you can't get on this train. That, that's just the reality of it. And a lot of times, you know you have friends right? And y'all come up together, y'all got dreams together and you, y'all got wants and y'all got ideas and y'all want to get all this shit out.


Right? But shit might start happening for you and ain't happening for him, but that shit happening for you. You see more shit, you learn more shit, you go more places. You growing in life. This motherfucker still staying the same. Yeah. So I had to let motherfuckers go because I would come home from being on tour with cash, money and shit. I'm coming home feeling good, got my money right. I'm a, I come home, niggas talk about who got the package in the hood. Yeah. 'cause such and such got, oh man I don't wanna hear about that shit man. Nigga I just, oh no I got to go. I'm getting away from this nigga. Man you because it's like bro, I'm in a different space and you still talking about the shit we used to talk about six years ago, my nigga, I'm not 22 no more.


Now I'm 28. But you still got a 22-year-old nigga mentality. So you know what I fuck with you. I love you but I gotta love you from a distance nigga. I gotta love from a phone call. Hey one to two months. Yeah. What's up nigga? You cool? You living all bet? Alright. I can't because you gonna jeopardize what the fuck I got going on. Right. It ain't nothing going jeopardize what the fuck I got going on because I got kids that depend on me. I got a wife that depend on me. I got mom, I got a dad, I got sisters, I got nephews, nieces, so you ain't gonna never fuck what I got going on. So a lot of times you gotta lead niggas where they at. Facts and yeah niggas gonna be mad and they going to talk shit and they going to be, but my favorite line is if God wanted you to have it, nigga you would have it.


That's real. Shit. That's Real. you know? So, so as you know 'cause that seem like that, that that really, that really hurts you in a nigga Way, nigga. And old is you now 35 That nigga 35 savage now. Yeah. Yeah. Listen nigga Turned Savage. But but how did you, how did you, how, how was you able to get your head up, look up and start really working on the project? My kids, because you addressed so much on Broski that was like, that was a one shot deal. That's all you need throw. That was like a bomb boom. It killed all the, that was like kill all the Broski boom. Yeah. What the interesting thing about that is that when you drop, when you drop a record like Broski, right?


If you are a Broski, you, you, you are now forced to deal with two things. Number one, you have to acknowledge that you're a fucking Broski. They not gonna Do that. And number two, you now have to see every person who shared, liked, commented on that video. Right. Telling you that you're a fucking Broski. Right. Right. So it's like, yeah. Yeah because because they only yo because everybody that got a Broski Yeah. They like yeah. And I'm posted it like two times. I Had 400,000 shares on the Shade Room. Yeah. This shit's bananas bro. It's like top five posts on their page. you know what I'm saying? Everybody's crazy because, and the person that know that person is liking or sharing it on they stuff, they know they talking about them.


Yeah. Oh that's what I'm saying. That's like vicious. You're forced to, you're for, and I know a couple Broski that shared the shit Broski shit. I know a couple Broski That shared it, but it shit fired. It was so hot. Say Yo, this shit fired. This goes out to all the Broski out there. I'm like, nigga you motherfucker, you, the shit was for you nigga. And I just wanna say this, by far, he gotta be one of the coolest niggas ever came did the show 'cause he the only nigga ever used my motherfucker show Resting pad. So lemme tell you what's happening nigga. Yo, this, this couch a little tight bro. I'm over here nigga, nigga first I didn know if he was trying to show the L off, He said tell you Something motherfucker On get, lemme tell you that This nigga is stupid.


How, how has, How has your independence been treating you? 'cause 'cause like to be on the, to be on the, 'cause it's a battle going on out here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The battle is, you know you got a lot of people with no money saying I'm going independent, I'm going independent, I'm going independent. Not knowing that Independent need money. All the young boys, a lot of the young boys out here. Oh, I'm going independent. I'm going to, I'm keeping my masters. You don't have no hot music to keep your masters. Nobody care that you keep, I'm just being straight up. Your masters ain't need masters. They minors Like, like on some real stuff. Like on Some real, like on some real stuff. Masters don't mean shit. Listen, Like on some real stuff we need to do a PSA and the PSA need to go to this nigga.


Stop rapping, go get a job. It ain't, it ain't stop rapping and go get a job, get Trash. I, I made a post. you know what's funny? I made a post like probably like a month ago where I was like, yo, real question to all you upcoming rappers and shit out there. What is your cutoff? Right? When do you, when when you doing that post, at what point do you just say, you know what, this shit ain't working. That's it. A lot of niggas got mad at me for that. Like, oh you see Jelly Roll, he's motherfucking 40 something years old and he just made it and yada yada yada. And that's true. Right? That's a fact. That's One, that's one dude. Country singer man. He pushed that, he pushed through.


That's one dude. Two no two chains did it out. Two chains pushed Through. No, no. But it is different. Was t was already in the game. He was already in the game. He was for sure it was just a hit. So I said they Was mad at You. They was mad at me. They was like, oh, how could you say that? I, I'm, I'm asking him when did he cut off? he Said, what? How could you say that? You sound like you trying to tell us to quit and you tell us, you know, this is not what I expect from you. And as an independent artist you should know, you know how hard it is to get in the the game. And why would you try to tell people that they should? I'm like Listen man. I'm not telling anybody they should do anything. I'm telling y'all 'cause my cutoff was motherfucking 26 to 28. Like, it was like, if I'm not close to getting to where I need to go, I'm, I'm selling drugs nigga, I'm, I'm motherfucking, I'm selling Bricks nigga and Kilos and shit.


Like I'm, I'm not going to work a nine to five if I tell you that shit. Like there's no motherfucking, there's no goddamn way. And motherfuckers was just like, oh you know niggas fucking No because, Because it should be a cutoff because what's the cutoff? I just think, I think if you in your, if you in your late thirties and you had no motion, you should have been go do construction nigga.


This episode of Man Hours, mworthofgame is brought to you by New. Amsterdam Vodka. Now life ain't going your way. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka, you caught your woman cheating today. Shot of New Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming and it didn't come your way. Shot of New. Amsterdam Vodka also is also G good for pre-gaming as well. So when you out and about at your local liquor store, don't you just walk past that, you know what to do. Ugh, ugh. Boot, Get it home, put it on ice. You could drink it straight up Juice, soda, whatever you like. Or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. That's up to you. But when you're out in B your local liquor store, you know what to do. Get you some New Amsterdam Vodka. That will be the official vodka of Barstool Sports. I'm gonna say that one more time. That will be the official vodka of Barstool. Sports New Amsterdam Vodka. There's no better choice.


Right, But bro, what's the chances you get some motion? Man? Be, get motion. Be young niggas man because motherfuckers be excited for you. You young, you yeah he doing it man. you know such and such, such man. He doing it man. He nigga kill you. When you been trying to do this shit for 15 years. You ain't got no groupies. You ain't got no groupies man. That's the first level entry man. Groupies man bitch, suck your dick man. I like your song. Slap yourself all in the face with your dick. That's the first entry of of being being a good rapper. If you 30 something years old, you still ain't got no groupies man. You ain't got no motion man. Ain't no bitches, pistols sitting pistol whipping they self with your dick.


None of that. They not coming up to you talking about I wanna go home with you. You have no motion. Get that shit up bro. You wasting time. Like motherfuckers, it's motherfuckers that popped off in they thirties like Griselda. But they had motion where they was at. You might didn't know about them niggas in in Iowa or you might didn't know about them niggas in Atlanta but in Buffalo they knew them niggas. Them niggas had motion. Yeah, shout out to Zelda, shout out. So it's Dnce, it's like oh Jelly Roll pun on us. Jelly Roll had some niggas knew who fucking Jelly Roll was. Jelly Roll said to himself, this shit ain't working to ing on Down.


Stop Gold. Stop trying to use, He switched the fuck up on him. Killed the Mix. But Joiner, they gotta stop trying to use Joiner. They gotta stop trying to use Joiner though. But this is the thing Joiner, they gotta stop trying to use as example 15 people outta 2 million people. That's rapping. Stop trying to Use 2 million nigga. The 2 billion motherfuckers rapping it's 8 billion. Motherfucker. Mom might got a verse right now if I told to get in the booth. Everybody wants to be a fucking rapper. Oh Rapper. Oh now, now this is the whole thing. You got rapper. This niggas Listen. Podcast is the new rapper. Oh It, it's 10 billion podcasts out here.


There's A lot of podcast. This is my podcast rap. And this is what I'm gonna say about your podcast. A lot of you motherfuckers just, y'all just starting shit for nothing. Nobody never listened to you. Nobody never listened to you coming up. You never had no game. You never got no bitches. First of all, if you a man and you got a podcast and your bitch ugly, ugly, nobody listens to a nigga with ugly bitch man, a woman is the easiest thing you could get on Planet Earth. Yeah, bitch ugly and you giving out game. Get the fuck off the screen man. Nobody's not listening to you man. Alright, I'm sorry man. I'm sorry man. But yo speak yo speaking, you Talk That's I'm saying speaking of podcasts though and all the billions of podcasts, shout out to million dollars mworthofgame though, you know for being, you know one of the ones, you feel me, like what you guys have done and I told Gil, you know years ago I hit him up.


I already seen what he was up to. I seen what he was doing. He was been giving niggas million dollars mworthofgame and shit. And Like, I. I fucked with that shit. 'cause like he, this nigga was teaching me and schooling me on shit, you know what I'm saying? Like secretly motherfucking like giving me some motherfucking game. You feel me? And I, and I hit him up. I told him I let him know. you know what I'm saying? You did like nigga you appreciated that too. Real shit. But I love what you did, you know what I'm saying? How you took it from there and now we here nigga you got the motherfucking like come on bro, you doing these big deals, appreciate you. Big deal with this nigga Wallo, y'all nigga killing shit. I mean because Killed it nigga. Now I want to ask you something important. Yeah, yeah. Now that we talk about independence for Sure. Y'all got a, y'all, y'all business partners, y'all got a real independent company you're doing saying everything from the muscle.


How much money did it take to start this independence Shit? Like how much money did y'all really had to put up to say we starting our own thing. I'm gonna back your play. Like, I Had to go in phases, Put put, put the mic. It went through phases. It went through phases. So it's like his first investor was somebody that just believed in him. And it started with like what Million thousand. It was about rest in peace. My brother Abe, he was, he was rest Peace Abe. He really believed in me always had, and it was light 10 me, 8,000, 10,000 or something like that. That's the first First. Now we gotta break this down. Yeah. Because don don't want, nobody think I got 10,000, I'm independent artist.


Nah, nah, I'm gonna break it down. I'm break It down. Like please, please break this shit down. How to build up. It was $10,000 for what? Right. And we sat down and the 10 and the 10 K was to, you know, pay for a publicist. It was to, you know, get some music videos going, you know, I already had music, you know what I'm saying? So that's what the 10 K was for. And we took the 10 K and I did that. Ended up paying for a little bit publicity, ended up shooting some more music videos. And then I had met my second investor, this cat, he invested like a million dollars.


And we spent about, and it, and I'm telling you is when we got to about two 300, I was getting scared 'cause I'm like, yo G, like there's a Lot of money to owe somebody. You Me and what was y'all doing with the two 300, once you got in, could you break it down? So what we did with two 300 we lot mistakes. Paying, there was a lot of mistakes. We coming in the game, we don't know anything. We're spending money on different people. How much did that two, 300 you gave to Karen? 60 K. Mm. 80,000 to Wendy Williams. I mean, not Wendy Williams. Wendy Day Day, Wendy Day 80,000 to Wendy Day. Mm. And you know, she ba Wendy Kept in touch. Wendy, Wendy did.


Wendy, Wendy did a good job. She helped, she helped build a independent label that we started. And you know, she was, she was basically facilitating some of the promo tours and some of the things that we had to do facilitating, you know, just basically just telling the investor where to spend it, how to spend it, you know, things like that. And then, Then I, then I got into, then I got involved. So me, I started managing joiner. Yeah. And it was really just on the marketing side, advertising, things like that. Right? So I already had a mark, a marketing company. He didn't start as a manager though. He started as someone, I had my Own marketing company.


I didn't even want to talk to this motherfucker on the phone at the time. Me and him didn't talk forever. I had another manager that was like, yo, you got this, this one cat, he knows what he's doing online. You should probably talk to him. And I was like, man, I'm done talking to niggas online. I don't wanna talk to nobody. And he was like, all right, in months and months and months of him like, yo, you should talk to this cat, talk to him. I finally hopped on the phone with this London nigga, you know, I was like, Hey bro, hey bro, that's Australian. That's my bad, whatever. But you was Already 140,000 in, We was already gave, we like three By the time we got with him. But you, but I just want to be, you know, get to get the, get the get get, get. I just itemized it. 'cause I want to know. Yeah, you said you gave money to Karen, you gave money to Wendy Day.


They ran A radio campaign because I know about it Much. Break it down. Right? So they did, they did like a radio campaign, maybe like 30,000. Okay. you know, to, to put radio out, show you're gonna pay 30 right out the game. It was one 70. So that's what they were doing with him. They'll go make sure they paid 30,000. Boom. See what happened. Right? And so there was advertising within that 400 probably. So there was probably about 30,000 in advertising. Right. And that advertising, how that happened was, it was like that budget was like try get something to work. So we're getting these consultants who that, that are saying they can do this and they can do that.


Okay, cool. you know, we're getting radio over here. Make sure, let's see what that does. All right, cool. We're gonna do some advertising over here. Right. None of that was really resulting into anything. Right. Okay. Now I get involved, I meet his business partner, I meet joiner and we just start working, right? So we've never met, this is all remote now at this point, right? So he goes, all right, let's do the advertising. I was like, cool. So we take the budget and I say, let's put it on Facebook. And this is in 2014. How much about 30,000 Dumped into Facebook. Did you back, was it 30,000 dumped in Facebook off for a video or song or project? A video. So one video. So this is what happened.


Facebook opened up video, right? And when they opened up video, it wasn't monetized or nothing. So you could do whatever, like you could throw whatever video up you want. They're not gonna block it now. You Can't. I got it right here. This is what, this is what, this is what this is. 2013, right? Producing distribution, engaging licensing, licensing, music videos. Branding. Branding, packaging, packaging. Yeah. Business team lawyers, path forward, begin partnership with Wendy, set up structure of company, set up publishing and signed contracts, company agreement, artist agreement. Begin procuring beats, creating my, my project.


Three to five music videos. One industry feature, single 15 tracks total. One short film to introduce any, you know what I'm saying? Marketing, radio, video tour, online, street team pathway. So Now the budget had to go to these things. Yeah, yeah. Right. So now's disperse, right? All right, cool. So we start spending advertising. So this happens, this already happens. Now we meet, I say, yo, let's do advertising. Let's just put 30 up over here on Facebook. Right? So I show him what's going on and he goes, alright, this makes sense. Go ahead, just do it at this point. Let me try see if something else stick. And then it was like two months we are doing this, right? He calls me, he goes, bro, whatever, whatever you're doing on the advertising, don't fucking stop.


He goes, this radio shit ain't, this ain't working. I guess at this point the consultants and all that wasn't working right? Yeah. So he goes, just keep doing what you're doing there because in my inbox I got like 200 messages every day of people telling me they love my music. So I know it's getting heard now, right? And so we took that formula, built the page up to about 70,000. By then me and him started talking. So now he's starting to understand the platform and how it works. And you know, the triggers on the platform that make shit go viral. He drops Ross Capic on the page and it just takes off and we go up to like 200,000. Yeah, that was the first piece of content that just took the whole page.


Once he saw that, then he started dropping more content on the page. We took the page to a million followers. So we didn't do anything but advertising to get the JOYNER LUCAS brand off the ground facts on Facebook. And we picked one platform and said, let's just focus here instead of spreading it out everywhere. Let's just focus here. We got one thing to work and it's so hard to get one thing to work. So when you get one thing to work, you're supposed to just keep going on that one thing that works. Right? So we did that on that one platform. Got it to a million. Then the trickle down effect started happening. And where YouTube started growing naturally. 'cause he's got music videos and then Instagram and all the other platforms started growing. But during this time though, now I had to convince my investor to spend money, spend More money on this side, Right?


So when Drew came into the picture, what was different about Drew was he was on some like, listen, don don't want to get paid I, don want to just show you what I can do right now. Let me don don't, don don't want you to pay me. I just want to prove to myself that I can break an artist. Right? And I feel like you're the, you're the person. You're the perfect person that I can break because you understand what I'm trying to do. You make storytelling shit Like. I know you can connect with certain demographic and he worked for free, right? For like a year, right? And it was just, I think like Three, Dang, Nobody's counting. He remind you for a year. Nigga said, no niggas, there's 900 days.


So then nigga, the nigga said, look man, he said, look, I mean have a talk with you, you know, and this we ain't even met yet. he said, look, I just want to know that I have a place here bro. I don't wanna feel like I'm doing this shit to. So two years in, we've never met, Never met. Paige has taken off. It's growing. And You doing all this from London And we're working? No remote? No, I was in Florida. Okay. No, San Francisco. San Francisco. I was in San, yeah. So remote, just working, never met. You are a bad Motherfucker Man. And then the thing was, I was like, what I'm thinking this whole time is we're gonna figure something out here and then I'm gonna be able to create some type of model that I can sell to a record label or something like that.


So I'm not even thinking management at this point. you know, You know what I mean. And so My relationship and the deal with my manager at the time was coming to an end and I didn't necessarily wanna renew the contracts because that manager, my investor was clashing and it was putting me in an awkward position and I had to choose, you know? And you know, I ended up choosing to rock with the investor that money. you know what I'm saying? Go, go that route. You taking money over. Listen, listen. It's hard to get Somebody to listen. Artists, artists, artists think it's easy to get somebody to put money up and invest in them. Yeah bro. Like for somebody to take their money and invest in an artist, that's the hardest thing, bro.


Yeah. Because at the end of the day, That's like trying to win the lottery, bro. Because at the end of the day, I work for this money, right? And then if I invest something and in a smart investment you invest, you don't see nothing back, then you invest, you don't see nothing back. You not investing again because you like my nigga, this shit don't make no sense. Right? At certain some point I gotta see some fucking money back. Right? I ain't seeing no money back. So for you to get invested, that's like, so Listen to this. This is where shit gets crazy. So that relationship or business relationship with the old manager dies down. And I, I asked Drew, right?


That's when I got into it. So baby Mamas is pregnant and I'm real stressed out at this Point. Life on the line Just paid Karen civil. Mm. My last ditch effort. She stung you. Yeah. Stung him like a beehive. And I got to a real like, you know, depressed state and I, and I needed some bread 'cause my kid was about to be born and I had asked Drew, I said, yo, Like, I need some help bro. We gotta figure out something where I can get some bread somehow. And he was like, how about this? Why don't you come meet me in person, bro, we never met. Right? Come fly out here working like a year and a half, right?


I pay you, I'll pay you a plane ticket Come meet me. I went to Florida and I went to, went to Florida. I met, oh, Drew had to get you a plane ticket. He bought, I was down, I was down down, I was down for sure. He Was cracked. Like the Liberty Bell, huh? A hundred percent. So he got me a plane ticket. I flew out to Florida and we went out to, and this is after Running through a independent million dollars. Yeah, yeah. No, I didn't run, run through all the millions. We had four. About three. We have three, four right now. Three, four. Alright. We gonna get to the rest of it. Three. So at three, four. Yeah. He's still in this situation. Right. You know what I'm saying? So I went to go see Drew for the first time. Right. And you know, he took me to, to go either hungry and I was like, yo, I'm starving.


He took me to this hot end restaurant. And I'm like, yeah. He Opens up the menu goes, man, these prices is too much. But when this Go somewhere else's crazy, this go somewhere else. I mean the steaks is like $50, $60. But at the time, again, g like I'm, I'm messed up. So his cousin is actually at dinner with us. Uncle, uncle. First time I've ever, first time I'm ever meeting his uncle and Drew and I'm sitting at the table and his uncle, within the first two minutes of us sitting there, pulls out a stack of $10,000, puts it on the table and says, yo, that's for you.


You like, I'm like, what? He's like, yo, just put it in your pocket. Don't worry about, I'm not doing this. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like this, I'm doing this for him. He, he, you know what I'm saying? And he told me he wanted to help you. But you know, I know he's not in a position to, to do it. you know what I'm saying? So he don't even know I'm doing this right now, but because I believe in him, Damn, I believe in you. Boom. First time I, I met, I met either one of these niggas. Right. And I'm just sitting there looking at this shit. Like I about to cry. Right. Because like, that's the type of shit. That's the type of nigga I am. Yeah. you know what I mean? That's the shit that I do. So to me, so I knew the moment that he did that, like this is why I'm supposed to be so, I mean like, these are the niggas I'm supposed to be Like, I Feed my daughter.


Right. I can, I went in the bathroom real quick and I'm counting this shit. I'm like, damn, these niggas gave me like 10 racks. I come back. Drew's like, yo, I didn't know he was gonna do that G Like he did that shit. Like, so What happened was, I had like three, 4,000 in my pocket. I was gonna give him later. You said if he don't need it now. Yeah. And my aunt knew that. My aunt knew I was going to do that. Yeah. So he just was like, and then he was like, thank you. he like, don't that me thank him. he like, we Good. Shout out to Kana. Shout out to Real, real shout out to Introduce me to that nigga. Fuck up.


But what it show you is what it show you is what that right there show you is that the people that really rock with you, they ain't gotta be where you live at. You ain't gotta know 'em your whole life. All that day one shit. It'll be a day. Threes the energy, the ones that really connect it's Energy bro. It's good energy. I think he felt good energy for me right after that. Right. I'm like, okay. My head back in the game. You like It's on now. It's on now baby. About arrive too Baby about to arrive. I got a little bit of bread now I could take care of my son. That's about to arrive. We gotta get, we gotta, now we gotta start moving. So 300 some change spent and now, You know. Now mind you, he's, he's dropping music. So you're talking Ross Capone's out, you know he's, he's done records.


I'm sorry. That's gonna go, that's out. Right. So there's records that's out getting to the deal with Atlantic. Alright. So we're going to, we'll do high level on this 'cause there's so too many details if you do. But look, you signed a deal with Atlantic Before we signed the deal to Atlantic. I was already at 800, 900,000 You. know what I mean? Like in debt with Kat. And there was a point where with The advertising and everything, There was a point where I was so defeated after the whole Karen shit, I was so defeated that I hit my investor. And I said, yo bro, I said I, I'm just ready to give up at this point bro. Because I feel Like I owe you too much money. And I just, I feel bad bro.


'cause you're spending all this money and we are not making nothing back right now. And he's like, nah man, you not quitting bro. Hmm. We gonna keep doing this shit. You gonna, you gonna, you get on, you gonna do songs with Eminem. You gonna, I swear to God, God may strike me dead right now. he said you are not quitting. You are gonna do songs with Eminem. You are gonna be a a big artist bro. And I'm not letting you stop. So stop talking like that. I was like damn, this is my investor bro. You didn't let me quit. Like fuck that. Don't worry about the money bro. Keep going. Shout out Sean. Shout out to my nigga Sean, bro. That's my brother. Shout out Sean. Shout Out Sean. Man, motherfucker money longer than Broad Street, man. Yeah. Shout out Sean.


Don Worry about it. I got you nigga. We, how about Die? Hundred thousand nigga you ain't quitting Sean, you a hell of a dude. I have been, I've been, yeah, I think it's trying to get his shit up. Matter of fact, I'm gonna give you some money part ways he going another dime for you. Take care of that baby. The fuck outta here man. We ain't mean no money. Sean was a hell of a nigga, man. The Real nigga. And he believed in everything that he said was gonna happen, happened. And to this day, lemme tell you something. Signed my deal, got got on the label, got off the label, became independent, got rich.


And to this day I make sure that Sean get paid every month. And that's gonna be fava. Right. Fava. As long as I'm good, I'm gonna make sure that Sean is good. 'cause if it wasn't for Sean, I wouldn't even be here right now. See if to say Sean got his money Back. For sure he got it. Yeah. He he good. He he he's way good. But he's gonna continue to be good. Right. I'm gonna make sure that Right. That's just what, that's just real nigga, real nigga shit. Not like, oh you did this for me, you got paid back, move it. It's like, nah nigga you changed and you saved my life and if it wasn't for you I wouldn't be here. So you know, you gonna be straight. That's, that's real.


So, so before we signed to Atlantic, you're about making 10,000 a month maybe in streaming revenue About 10,000 a month. Right. So you sign a deal Now we don't have to pay for it technically now the label will pay for it. Right, right. Cool. They probably spent maybe what a meal I say they spent. I don't know though, because with labels you can't really everything flavor, you can't see what they spending. They're not gonna show you what they spending and what they do show you. The cops are Crazy. Yeah. If they do show you nigga they didn't spend that shit. No. It's like, oh we spent 150 with Radio cap. No you didn't. All right. So let's let's just say on the books, it's a M cap but probably say 500.


Right. Five, 600. Five six. These niggas won't gimme a first class flight. Like nigga when I went to shoot a video at Eminem, I would try to get a first class flight. They wouldn't let me get a first class ticket. Said you wasn't there, Said that. I wasn't there yet. Mm. You you Want the decent nigga on his way to just shoot a video with em and m man Playing ticket like six, $700. They wouldn't do. They said no You ain't come. Calm down, chill Man. But then double back on it yet we but Rose, I, I'm not saying these things to try to like throw 'em under the bus. It's really just because like This is what happens with artists, Labels. What? Not real shit. This is the the reality of it. Right. But here's the thing. If you're gonna sign to a label, just know you are gonna have to work within their template. Right. They have a infrastructure set up and now it's like a franchise.


Absolutely. Because they got, they're a franchise. They got a bunch of niggas on this label man. Yeah. They got a bunch of motherfuckers that you never going to hear about. Right. These, I'm talking about thousands of niggas. There's a tax write off Delaware, Donny, Jersey, Joe, You know what motherfucker, All them Niggas and you know what, you know how you know he was a tax write off shit. He went wood, he went copper. That nigga went plastic Be laughing, Went 10 times plastic. He was a write off. That's how he felt. Warner Brothers, He Warner Brothers. First of all, I never put no Universal. I never put no album out. You was aal, we Universal. I never put no album out or or swap off. They gave me some money.


Yeah but They wrote you off Shit. They gave me some money and all my advances was good nigga, you know I didn, you know the game shit. You know the game. I'm an advanced man, Advanced 20 Nigga I didn that down. he said I never was given, Never turned into album. I was never given, I was never the an opportunity. That's how you know he was a write off. They rode the off. Hey that's cool. They wrote me off all the way to, I wrote me in nigga. Yeah you right brother. You Right. Fuck you talking about. I five fuck around go by 10% of Universal nigga. Fuck you talking about? Or you wanna go in with me nigga?


Fuck I might fuck wrong. They ain't on TikTok no more. Man. They took all the sounds off TikTok Universal. Yeah. Why? Yeah, Like I don't know Like I. Guess they're not paying out the money that they were supposed to get assigned. You gonna hear About that? Yeah. It is getting real. It is getting real. I do my research tonight. Let Me ask you this question. How you feel about the Kendrick Drake piece? I love it. 'cause me personally, I I I think it's a sport man. Yeah. I think when, when we leave it to just rapping and it's a sport and nobody ain't gonna get hurt. Dang. Seeing each other at the awards, socking each other and getting into that type of shit. It's just a sport. I love it man. The bars is Five. I love it. Kendrick's Five I was a little bit, I was, I was confused 'cause I know Like I know Drake was working with Future.


Right. So it was Like, I felt Like. I didn't know if they had a relationship or not. But then for Kendrick to get on there and then throw shots at Drake, I'm like how does that work? 'cause future and Drake must be beefing man. Yeah you gotta be, man. I don't know. Yeah because if you're my mans and he Yeah you not getting on my track throwing no shots at my man that's on my first single. Would you try too? Drake was just on the single Now a lot of times when they have N NBA about a bitch, man, I'm just trying to tell. I don't know if that's the situation but I'm just saying a lot of times when niggas with a Lot of money fall out, it'd be about a bitch. But he, I Think, I think Kendrick went off on it. I think he went off and he did his shit on it though.


I think that he's shaking shit up at this point. Right. And it's like I'm not mad at it. I wish I, I love it man because I'm to see what Drake and Cole going come back and say yeah you know what I mean. I that's what, that's what hip hop was based off man. LL cool mo d mc Han K Ks one motherfucking Tupac. Biggie Mo. That's what it was based off of man. Oh you think you better than me? It's like basketball man. You think you better than me? What's up? Take this with you. Oh no. Oh that's the best you could do nigga take this with you. That that's what this shit was based off of.


Hove did it. You don't want it. But Hove nas came right back. You fan your pho a snake, a pussy, a stand, a steel whip your ass you 36 in a karate class. That's you. That was you. That was you. Na was talking about He can have his own stand up though. I'm just thinking Na was talking about this sticker you 36 ho He said the karate class Black belt. I thought He was fucking up Man. Nigga's a pink belt nigga got his shit in prison man.


Yo you crazy. No but see this the whole twist though. It's like, and then it get crazy because rap became so sensitive. Yeah. That you can't even like and is like, you know when you look at things like Jay-Z and Nas was one of the biggest hip hop battles. They wound up being cool and doing business afterwards. No, Jay was being funny. Nas big him, Jay signed him. Get over here. The nigga signed you signed to mean now. No, I'm just saying whatever the course may be, it is like they did. I'm just playing. They did business afterwards. Yeah they did. That's why sometimes, you know, people just gotta watch the sport and be like enjoy the sport. But it, but, but I'm glad that it seemed like it's getting back to the sport where as though we can see shit like that we could hear because what happened is, for a while it got so sensitive.


I was doing that shit like early in my career. I was hopping on niggas beats and like flaming and talking shit about everybody Jacking for beats. Yeah. Because 50 did that. 50 came In, I went out, I was going over like little pump beats and going crazy on him. I was doing shit over 21 beats. you know, I was just dissing niggas left and right 'cause I didn't give a fuck. It was Like, I, wasm getting on like fuck that shit. And then niggas was getting mad at me and then you know, I became like, you know niggas was calling me corny 'cause I was just this nigga for no reason just 'cause I was just trying to invoke a response and then like, you know, do my sports shit. But you know, I guess nowadays like that shit's considered corny so I'm Like I bet so fuck it type shit.


So I stopped doing That shit. Now I'll tell you what though, I'll tell you what's crazy about the freestyles. He he did though. Yeah. Yeah. He had a show in Boston. There was like 3000 people. Bro. I haven't ever heard a crowd of 3000 people rap in whole fucking freestyle a song. I understand. But a freestyle and they knew the world. You got, you got different towns. Imma say this is crazy. You got different towns ass hip hop towns. Like when I see hip hop towns like the balls don like the New York and like there's certain towns. It's like they, because it's different levels of rap now, it, it expanded more to where it was just hip hop. Boston is a hip hop town. They're gonna know every lyric they're gonna, they're gonna know Hip hop. Hip hop. There's certain places that you go Buffalo.


Are You talking about regular Boston or Bobby Brown Boston? I don't know which one is different. Oh, I, I, you know, Shout out to Bobby Brown. Boston. Listen. So, so my whole thing is like certain spots they going to know that stuff. I know you go to certain spots and it's a different reaction, a different support. Like they more tuned into like you, you, you are hip hop like as they would say you are a real rap. You're from the, a lot of people don't, but That freestyle you can only get on YouTube. It's not like you can, it is not like back in the day what I'm saying, where you're fed it. Like, I, the person would have to go to YouTube, listen to it mad times just to know the words But understand you can't get on Apple or you understand YouTube is, Or CD is the biggest place because it's free.


It's free. That's the only place I, everybody don't got Apple. Everybody ain't got Title. Everybody ain't got Spotify, YouTube free. So the kids and everybody, regular person, they'll just play YouTube, put a playlist on and play it in their car and be driving around YouTube playing, you know you could do that right. Put the playlist. And so, so that's where a lot of pe a person that listened to all his stuff, that's all playlist out in the car going to work or in or at or at work with the back brace on and in in the warehouse. So you know, You always talk about that back brace. You waiting for your piece to get out on you. He try to get a back brace. Nigga Dick went out on him man With a back brace in the warehouse nigga had with the suspenders on and Nigga wear back brace.


Man you like you, you ain't too far from your dick going out on you man. Once your dick go out on you, you're done man. You're done man. Without a good man, without a clip. It's like a soldier without a clip man. Man without a dick like a soldier, without a clip. I hate you. you know, out there war for no reason man. You're done. Let me ask you a question. When it's all said and done though, who you think gonna win this battle? Oh damn. Now hold up. Hold up. We can't say it. Oh That's a good question. I got it. A battle. A battle was different. you know, even with j and m was doing it folk flex drop or whatever, it was a back and forth. It wasn't, we gotta wait for a bunch of, for a bunch of time to go by I didn response to wait. But Yeah, but, but, but I would say that don don't think, I don't, we've don don't think we've ever heard Kendrick ever have to go back and forth with somebody.


Right. But we've heard Drake do it and we know and we've seen what happened when he did do that. Right. When he went with back to back, you know, we seen It wasn't even a battle. He just made a great record and made everyone sing that record And you were done. Yeah it was a, it was a, it was. So that's a different type of, so it's like we know, we know what So you saying D Drizzy nigga say it nigga Don don't try to beat around. Nah, nah, Nah, nah, nah. Like people That love lyricism, He is Gonna go but Kendrick come. But I know Kendrick's lyrical capability so it's like I've never seen him in that space. But I know that when he gets into that space, because I'm a very lyrical artist, I felt like he's about to, he's about to rip somebody's head off.


Off. I'm gonna say this. Yeah, I'm gonna say this. The greatest thing about this is that we got the biggest dudes in the game doing it. Yeah. So now, so now, so now this it is like you gotta salute it that damn okay this healthy. Yeah the big, the biggest. That's not ka we not going cap. Like somebody don't take no offense the biggest dudes in the game. Right? They this the big game. This the big league. Yeah. Like so they making it popular again. This is what we on. Lemme ask you a question. Do you think because because you are rapper. Rapper, do you think anybody in that space could fuck with you? Like if they like on a battle, Like if you slap him in there because if you like do You think anybody in that space like no nigga, it is cool, it's cool.


You might be bigger than me as far as record sales or whatever. But when it come to this nigga, y'all don't want to do that with me. You think any, I'm not saying, I'm just saying anybody in that space, in this rap shit, do you think they could fuck with you on, on some going back and forth trying to test Shit a little. I had, so I had a back and forth like that with Tory, right? Tory Lanes. Yeah. I, where the fuck was I At? Me and Tory did. We had a few back and forth. Right. What Was that? When was that? Don don't know. Was that Who won? So listen, no. Who won? Who won? Did you def Fry the man? No, hold on, let me, I saw. Nah it was, so look it so I would say this right. So he actually surprised me because he can spit. I'm gonna tell you he could spit.


I went crazy right on the, I think it was Liddy. I did the Liddy again. Beat Freestyle. Yeah right. I went him on Liddy. Right. And then he responded over, I think it was a lucky UB or or might been Liddy. He did the lucky You Beat first. He did Lucky UB first 24 Hours. Within 24 hours. He, I responded with with with Liddy. Right. But I was already writing Liddy before he even did his shit because I had a feeling he was gonna do that. So I had like a week so I was pending my shit And then he was a week. Yeah I had a week. Shit didn't last no week bro. No I, this shit, This happened from a phone call like this with you on IG live. You on IG live like this. He called you out on IG Live. he said he gonna do a record then he dropped it 'cause he was in the studio.


No lucky you didn't happen. Lucky you didn't happen right away nigga. He Was in the studio. he said he's gonna pen it up Right now. But it didn't happen right away. That shit dropped hit. Lucky you dropped in like 4, 5, 2 that maybe, maybe four days from now. I don know. But in that time I was penning and then when he dropped the Lucky You shit, I went Ham on Liddy. Right. And then he responded back and I was like, oh shit, this nigga gets nigga going in. And then at the time I was working on this song, freestyle over the ZZ beat the Kodak Black. So I'm Like I might as well just fucking make this the third this.


But I fucked up right because I chose the wrong beat. I picked the wrong beat. It was Like. I was already planning on releasing that as one of my freestyles. So I picked the ZZ beat and then I was so quick at trying to respond. I went like the Shit was still Fire. It was fire. But I, I felt Like I fucking missed that because now listen, listen you took that As a lyricist. he like don't lemme get in. Lemme, I don't think so. Tory Gotti Can get free Tory Free Tory though. Like free Tory. Absolutely. So I went, I was in a, a race for time. Right. Because I wanted to show that I can respond fast.


So when he dropped his shit, yo, I was trying to respond within like a couple hours. Right. I was Like, I was trying to go and I feel like I'm, I mistepped a little bit because I'm like just, I just started going off and writing and trying to be funny and yada yada yada. But it came off a little cheesy. I ain't gonna hold you. It came off a little cheesy and I was mad at this motherfucker and I was mad at the engineer at the time like, yo, when I dropped the shit because The shit wasn't bad And it wasn't, nah I thought like when I went back and listen was Hold, no, No, no, no listen, no we gonna get to that. Tory laughed at it and he was like fuck this shit dog. He was mad as I finish what I was gonna say.


What's up, what up to him wasn't lemme get, lemme tell you what happened nigga got I can't talk I like that was me. That was some rhyme shit. I playing, I'm playing. You wrote that shit. But lemme tell you what happened. Like I gave you the bars. I'm gonna tell You what Happened. Try so usually when I write I have like a day to like sit on what I did and then I'll go back and listen to what I did and then I be like that ain't it. But I'm depending on these niggas to be the ears for me. Man these motherfuckers didn't Tell me It wasn't, fuck he doing me. So yo, hold up, hold up.


We getting yo, listen this small ass fucking couch nigga. What you expect me to do? We used to three niggas. So look, so I'm, I'm, I'm like damn nigga like when I put this shit out and I took a nap nigga and I got up and I went back and listened to that shit nigga I was like ah. I was like why'd I say that? Why'd I do that? Yada yada yada. And then he hopped on live. See I told you it wasn't that. Why he do that? That happened afterwards. The nigga hopped on live And and Tori Funny and Tori's a funny nigga that pisses me the fuck off because he's the funny nigga and he got on, he got on live and he's listening to the shit live right.


And he was just stopping it and then just being like, Hmm, What? Like yo, yo. I was hot nigga. I was, I ain't gonna lie, I was hot Nigga Was in the crib swinging like the nigga old Poison in the hood. But I was more mad at myself because I'm like damn niggas. But it was his fault. I should have fucking, I should waited. Nah shit was fired. I should have took my time nigga and made sure that that I should have chose another beat. Shit was fired bro. I should have went crazy but I'm gonna tell you what. So yeah on that record, that one Record had more, I took views than his Shit. I took a l on that record for sure. Hands down to, but Lemme ask you a question. What song did they play at your funeral? But he didn't respond.


That's your last answer. He didn't but he didn't Respond. Right. How Whisper that? Yo, this fucker yo, yo he whispered shit He didn't respond. He took That out. you know why he, he didn't respond because he said this shit is so trash I'm not gonna respond. That's what you really Does. You like, oh nigga I ain't Even gonna respond now you stuck. Now I'm you stuck Now. I'm like damn nigga, I'm like you want To go In again? You just Let nah nah I just left that. No, if he did it would've been fucked up bro because he just did. I just let the nigga have that and was Like I bet. But my, the lid freestyle nigga I went crazy on that nigga bro.


Pause it easy. The cover was fired too. You gotta go back and listen To, I'm gonna go back and check it out. You gotta go listen To This. I'm knew yo was leaving. I listening all that shit Now for the people out there. Not now and I'm busy. Right. Yeah. What, what shit he look for man. What's your favorite tracks on the song? I mean on the album My favorite record on the album between the best for Me record with my brother Jelly Roll on there. Which talks about, you know, the opioid, the opioid crisis. Yeah I seen that. That shit's hard and the fentanyl and stuff like that. That record video is hard. I appreciate it bro. That record, that record is probably one of my favorites besides the Three Little Pigs got a song called the Three Little Pigs about, it's a story about three racist police officers Hunting down a black wolf.


And I got a book, a children's book coming out called The Three Little Pigs and I got a mobile app game called the Three Little Pigs where it's a, it's pretty much like Temple Run except, you know it's the wolf getting chased by the pigs. So between that three Little Pigs and I would say last but not least, I really DMX join the DMX record. Mm. you know that one was real. That was, that was probably one of my favorite joints on there for sure. Just because x you know, on that record he just sounds like he, he still alive, You know. How did, how did that record come about?


I spent some time with him. My ex, you know he, he, he taught me a lot about the game and Was it hard getting there a record approved Was it? No, no it was pretty easy. It was Alright. It was a relationship already with him and ex so it was kind of like reciprocated, you know Like we no x fuck with you. So There's a couple, there's a couple, there's a couple joints in the pipeline that a verses and shit that I got me and him and shit that's gonna drop too. But, but yeah that you know him on that record. He sounds like he's still alive. Like he's saying Like didn didn't go You know what I mean. Yeah that's major. Yo I need to use the bathroom.


I need a pistol though. You gotta take your shit. No I need a pistol though. That's Cool. You gotta take your shit. Go ahead nigga. Ready We race, you know y'all gonna be squeezed Up in this corner. My bladder This time frame anyway. So anything you wanna say before we get outta here? Man Make sure you download the album Download TikTok. Not now. I'm busy Instagram For sure. And then the tour, the not now I'm busy tour feature from, I got Millie and God man From May to 11th to June 22nd. So make sure y'all come check us out live. You heard right now I'm busy. Shout out to Gil the kid Wallo appreciate you Million Dollar Game podcast.


I'm proud of y'all niggas. Thank You man. For sure. Proud of you too bro. Keep going up man. Make sure y'all, y'all hit them tours, make sure you get the album, download it, stream it for TikTok it, Instagram it, put your videos up whatever joint you fuck with. Support, support, support. He bringing you that real music, that real shit. Shit you could ride to listen to. Whoa, Whoa. How many, how many City Tour? I think it's, it's, it's it's, I like 30 days. What up boy? Hey my brother, what's up kid? How you feeling baby? I'm good man. I'm That's Simba right there. Shout out to my brother Simba man. Congratulations on a new album man.


Thank you G. You got cricket Simba Simba got a cricket phone so Right. Nigga Said he got a cricket phone. You got a cricket phone over there. We in these hills man. We getting money Now. Okay, talk Shit. That's good to see you on there though man. Yeah man. You already know Give What's popping. What's up dog? Just let me know when it come you again. Hold On. Oh, you cooked that and you cooked that nigga. I cooked that nigga. They say, they say Jamal Crawford about this Barbecue bacon.


I'm, I'm gonna cook this shit out Jamal Crawford man. And his son said, he Said he barbecue, I'm gonna cook this shit out him and his son man. No man. Love y'all. You I love you brother Listen man. You, you know you up right, you up. You gotta figure out how to get to us man. Oh no. you know we on the way. We ain't here right now. Look there. We at y'all ain't playing. We waiting for you. We right now getting it right. We waiting for you. All right, love you now. Love you, you man. Leave that but shit man we got join in this joint man. We appreciate you for coming through You know what I mean. Drew just had to take his shit. Yeah, drew was bubbling and playing for the shits Burg, Steelers and shit.


Starting linebacker for the shits Burg Steelers, he had to call one of my producers. Dr. Ain't no taller paper. Yeah he had to run bring him some taller paper and shit. He was damn. You learned a lot today though man. Yeah you gave him a lot of game. A lot of game man. We appreciate you man. For sure appreciate y'all. So make sure y'all go get that album, download it, stream it, TikTok, not now I'm busy and I'm busy. Don't hit my line Right. I'm always busy and it's just like that. Right.