
Hey Million. dollars worth. Of game listeners You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right? Million dollars mworthofgame. We love all our supporters out there for rocking with us for so many years. We got everything going on. Revenue like Gill on sports. Where's Wallo Adventures? Whatever it is. What you need to do right now, I need you to push the subscribe button but also share like go down below, get some merch share like get some merch. Subscribe. We got more to come subscribe right now. Million Dollaz Worth Game. Ah, You're Now tuned into me, me, me, me, me, me, me. Min Million dollars. mworthofgame. Yes, you See. what we got up here? Yes. JT up here. Hold On. Let me just say this.


We been trying to get JT for a long fucking time. We been trying to get you up here. I'm just happy you finally got Here. Yeah, she here. It's going down. Real talk city. Cinderella, everywhere. Yes. But you know I, it was a lot of things on album I was listening to and had me dying. You know what I mean. Some of the things he said, you know even I didn't even know they still called it the WIC office that had me like that had me like I didn't even know 'cause that shit was like back in the day. I remember the wic you up in there getting your food stamps and all that shit. The WIC office definitely still exists. I ain't know they, I ain't know it was still called that. You know they be remixing names, making names more. You living good? Yeah, you living good. That's right. Yeah. You don't know about the wig office?


The wig office is still alive until Trump take it. Damn. The wig office is still alive. That's gonna be, that's gonna be something else, right? I mean but but how do it feel you out? You're doing your thing. You know, just like, just like me, you know being in jail, you had dreams. You write your stuff down, you say I'm gonna be this, that, you know. Was there ever a time where you was in there and you seen what was going on and you said to yourself, damn that you know, seeing like my life like go by me like what the is I'm gonna be able to like Was there ever any doubt in you? Well yeah of course it was a lot of doubt. When you sit in prison it's like you anxious all the time.


So everything that's on the outside seem like it's moving past you until you get adapted to the situation. And then prison kind of become your life, you know when you get used to it, you get your job in there, then you get used to That. Where was you working at? Well everybody gotta work in the kitchen when they first start. But I tell you she was a kitchen worker. She was the chef didn't, wasn't a chef. I wasn't Aho I first of all, no don't play. Everybody has to work in the kitchen when they first you, when you first go to prison, you that's chef. Well then miss you mean you liked it? I you gotta do your nine, you gotta do your 90 days though. In, in women's federal prison you have to do the 90 days in the kitchen like you have to start in the kitchen and they was trying to like wa it for me a little bit.


So I think I only did like 60 days but you have to do like 90 days in the kitchen and I never cooked or nothing. I just literally did shit for real. I used to go in there in the morning and sit in the corner and sit by a little red sanitizer bucket and try to make them think that I was cleaning up or something or talk all day. But yeah, I was in the kitchen and then I, what else? I work, I don't even remember, you don't have to have a job after the first 90 days and I need no job. I wanted to work at recreation so bad. But that's for the people that been in there like Why you wanted to work at rec so you could be outside all the time. So I could be outside. I could get like contraband like you know it's easy to get more stuff when you work on I See.


what you trying, you trying to get that phone I need? No, nah in women prison it is, no. I would be so surprised when I see men prison have all that stuff because hoes is title tellers. Like they're not gonna let you have no phone in there. If somebody had a phone, I didn't know about it but they used to always shake me down 'cause they thought I had certain shit 'cause of who I was. But no, I never had a phone. Any chicks ever played with you in there? You ever had any issues in there? Yeah, plenty of times. So you mixing? Yes. No, I got into something one time but the girl had a kid and I'm not gonna say her name 'cause I'm pretty sure she probably proud of me right now. But me her used to get into it a lot. I used to get into it with officers more than the girls.


But What y'all get into it Though? The officers? No, you and the girl She used to talk so much shit like she used to be talking so much shit. But all 'em ho that be talking shit like they used to be antagon thinking they was antagonizing me but I used to have my little clique of girls and then they, you know, people used to be hanging on me 'cause who I was Doing your thing. What kept you strong in there? Because I know them days you just like damn. Like what kept you strong? What kept me strong inside? I really had built a solid friendship with like some girls in there like braces T damn, damn, damn I forgot. So you'll Be mad.


She gonna be mad you forgot. But them two I still talk to. So I still talk to braces and T. Oh my cousin was in there with me, her name Vita. So I had a cousin in there who was so messy who kept me in shit because I used to be so quiet and I used to be to myself and she used to be on the yard bragging about me. So you know how like if somebody bragging about you all day, people are not going to like you So bitches ain't like me and ain't already done met me. 'cause my cousin ain't done say, oh she the baddest bitch. She the richest bitch in here. Mind you woman, that bitch bald here to fuck you and everybody I the baddest bitch. So she been on y'all, she the richest bitch in here, da da. And they used to be like she ain't no body. And it used to be like a back and forth like that. She used to love her. Like she just from Miami. She love her love Vita love to fight.


She loved the drama. She just loved the, she loved the drama. So she used to create little drama. She used to have me in beef that I ain't even had nothing to do with. 'cause she used to be bragging on me basically. But I oh Lily let not forget Lely. Lily Gonna le, It's a lot of my dog. Like I'm not gonna lie, like you know how you get it like a little brand vibe. But I had a cut crew of like down ass bitches in LA used to hold me down and I was pretty young. Chopper, my punky, she from, from Virginia, she was like a big stud. I'll never forget she was my bookie when I first walked in there, I did not wanna be a bunkie. I was like, Oh my god. It, I was so sad.


But she was so nice because no, it was like my first day of prison was my first day of prison. Like, you know how you, it was everything. I imagined it to me like the first day of prison. And I walked in there and I seen like my bunky. She Said I had to some ass. No I didn't that Sleep that that first night. No, I didn't sleep like two days out. But no, but she was cool. Like you was like, she didn't try me like that at all. She was very like motherly when I, once I got to know her. Yeah, but she, her name was Choppa. She from Virginia.


Choppa, choppa Chop. Choppa Choppa. Oh shit. Choppa. And she was like, you good in here, you gonna be good in here. 'cause when you first get in there, you don't get your food right away. So she had all type of food 'cause she was in there for a little minute and she was like, I got you, I could cook you something. I was like, I don't want nothing. I'm go. That was the setup some honey. We eat the buddy buds if you want buddy. No, You know somebody actually put some shit on my bed one time, man, I came back and I'm like, damn, don't eat that shit. It, it was crazy. But that's another story. But like She got to the cell though. She heard somebody see Damn, it's not sales. Oh it's not sales. It's like a open dorm. Oh They was in the dorm.


Oh Y'all was in the dorm? We was in the dorm. My, I ain't gonna lie, my prison experience was kind of like college a a little bit. It Was like college. And you was, you was bunks with L Choppa, Huh? I was bunks with Choppa and then I end up, I don't know, I think Chop no Choppa ain't go home. I wind up switching my bunks out for, 'cause she wanted to be at the end. 'cause like moving to the end was like a big deal. And then I end up moving in with T and she was like older. So she let me get the bottom bunk. 'cause at first I was at the top. You gotta be in there for a little minute to have the bottom bunk. So she was letting me get the top bunk, I mean the bottom bunk. And then it was like a breeze after that. Like I had, I'm not gonna say I had fun, but I got used to it. And then it was just like When it came to writing, doing your music, you was in there writing or whatever.


Yeah. What motivated you? Like, like was you listening to music on the outside? What was you listening to? Like did, did you have beat? I was listening to everything but I was listening to everything that y'all was listening to. So like I would buy music on Fridays. Like y'all, the radio kept me up to date. We was popping. City girls was popping. So it was like, it was the same thing when I hear certain shit. I was really into like Ariana Grande when I was in. Okay. I didn't really wanna hear rap like that because it was like I rah rah. I just wanted something like real common. So I would listen to like Dan and a lot of gospel and like a lot of old music, like nostalgic.


Did they ever hype you up? Like how you see videos now you hear, you see videos on Kelly all in there. Mama mind's telling me no you was in. Did they ever you they No, no, no, no, no, no, no. They never made me, I never did a college show in jail. Like No he three years of the world The fuck outta Here. So, so listen though, let me ask you this.


This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by Can say hi to Can Social Tonics Can Social Tonics spikes their seltzer with weed. So you know, I like it. Each can is blended with five simple clean ingredients to deliver the perfect buzz in a buzz that doesn't backfire. Canned comes in three award-winning flavors. Blood orange, cardamone, lemon, lavender and grapefruit. Rosemary Canned comes in a variety of doses for every drink, arranging from two milligrams to five milligrams of THC, head over to drink can.com. That's drink CAN n.com. And use the code game 20 for 20% off your order of can in free roadie six k sampler can is not for use or purchased by persons under the age of 21. Can products contain less than 0.3 delta nine THC. That's derive from health. Do not claim to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and have not been evaluated or approved by FDA can. The new weeds, the new way to get that buzz without a backfire can.


Right?


This episode of me and Osworth A game is brought to you by PFL Professional. Fighters League. The PFL playoffs kicks off Friday August 2nd with women's flyweight and heavyweights headed to Nashville. It's win or go home as fighters compete for a spot in a million dollar PFL World championship. Don't miss the action Friday, August 2nd at 9:00 PM Eastern on ESPN and EPN plus for those looking to attend in person tickets are available on Ticketmaster. So don't forget to tune in Friday, August 2nd at 9:00 PM Eastern on ESPN and ESPN plus. And tickets are available to see live the action right there. I mean I five switch, I'm on your blood man. That's what you like. You wanna see that action up close and personal. That's what I like. Then tickets are available at Ticketmaster. And don't forget to tune in. It's the PFL Professional Fighters League.


What are we talking about? Right? Was there somebody in there that when you would write your raps you was kicking you Too? Yeah, they, my white friend, her name Caitlyn, she from Texas. Okay. So late at night. She was such a Gucci man fan. Like she was like hella Gucci and she's a big Ariana Garner. She the kind of one who put me hard on her. Wait, Hold on. I Don. Oh, the niggas in jail. The white girl was your a and r? Yeah, she was my a and r. Okay, Okay, okay. She Was my a r Kailyn. Kailyn would be Like, was like write that shit over. That shit over. No, she no caly. He'll be up at like three o'clock in the morning. Yeah. And she'll, because I, you know, I, I was shy. I don't wanna rap in front of nobody.


She was like, she was like, why you on never wanna rap in front of me. 'cause I used to write my rap when everybody would go to sleep. So she put head over my thing 'cause she used to always like come and talk to me late at night. She's like, can I hear you rap? I'm like, no. So she's like, please, please, please, please. So I finally her hear me rap and then we will like, I'll go all night. Like every day, every day, every day. And that's who the only person I Did she give you feedback like, no, don't see that. Do you see That? Hell nah. She used to tell me that she used to be fucking with it heavy 'cause it used to be good shit. So she used to be fucking with it heavy and like saying like she wanted to do music. I, I think everybody in the world wanted do music. So I don't know, not one person that don't think they could do music, but she wanted to do music and that's how we connected Child To Caitlyn Child to Caitlyn.


So now you out here top Prison A and R. Yeah. Top. Now you out here, you're doing your thing Paper Magazine, crazy cover. How did that go about? How did I get it? Yeah, How did they They reached out to me Paper and Randy, I see Randy, My publicist, they call me. When Paper reached out to me, I was so excited because I remember like Paper was probably one of the first magazines that I wanted to do when I first came in the game. Like when me and Karisha first came in the game. So for, and I see like all the cool artists will be on paper and they'll be on Fader. So I wanted to be on those magazines. So they used to be telling us like, oh you gotta build relationships to get this stuff.


Like you can't just get this stuff. And I felt like at the time it was like we couldn't really get covered so anything. So I wound up going to prison. Long story short, when I got out, we weren't really doing much magazine coverage. I think we did Billboard or whatever. So when Paper reached out to me, I was like, oh my God, they must be really think I'm like doing my shit because they not gonna just call anybody to you know, do it. How was it for you, you know, you do arenas, you did all these big festivals, you do all that. Why did you decide to say, you know what, let me go to the ground and connect with my fans? Oh, because that's where I started. You know, like when I first started rapping, I started on SoundCloud. My first songs was on SoundCloud and my first appearance was in the club.


Our first appearance was in the club and people used to show up there and used to be always packed out. So I felt like I reached a surface level without really reaching the surface level. Like it's like, like I have to go back down to get back up 'cause shit wasn't like moving how I was no more. And I had to reconnect. I feel like my music is street music. I don't know, like I feel like I make street music and not really festival music. Not purposely make festival, but of course I could perform it at a festival. But I felt like I'm connect more with like everyday girls. So, and then I'm just neat, like when they was trying to make me do like a bunch of performances for like no bars and they was trying to thinking they was tricking me and telling me like, you wanna host and shit like that.


You know, promoter somewhere you wanna pay. Yeah. So they like, oh you wanna host, you wanna host, you wanna host? I'm like, I'm not no fucking ig model. Like no, I don't wanna host show club or whatever I wanna perform. So I was like, how about this? 'cause they was offering me so many shows. So I was like, how about this? We gonna put 'em all together, package y'all together. It wasn't supposed to be a tour, it was just supposed to be like, I'm announcing everything at one time so everybody could know where the fuck to be at. But when I did it, everybody like was like making fun of it because if you look at me, you look, if you look at the city girls, you're gonna think of like superstars. Like that's a big name. So you're not gonna think that no, we are gonna be performing at the places that I went back to perform too.


So I'm like, well what the fuck? So I'm, I'm down right thinking that I'm about to be performing and weight is gonna to be walking across my feet, like the way they was talking. But it was the most best, it was the most beautiful experience I could ever like do. It was the best thing I could do. It pulled me back into like wanting to create music and like wanting to put out music. Like it was, it was everything. How did you come about, you know, what, what did you come up with? The idea of blessing the the, the young, the young sisters with the Prime dressings and stuff. What did that come about? Well I always, always wanted give back. Like, that's one thing about me, I do a lot, I do a lot of stuff for young girls and boys off the Internet, Off the internet, off the like foundation type shit.


Like I don't get credit for it. I don't even ask for credit. Like if somebody ask me for something and it's reasonable and I can do it, I'm gonna do it. 'cause I remember not having nobody to do shit for me at one point in my life. So if I could have like somebody I could easily access and I'd be like, oh, can you gimme a prom dress or shit? If I ain't gonna wear this outfit no more, why not give it to somebody else? You know, I, it is Not a big deal to me. So when I, the prom idea, it was around prom season so I, me and my team was thinking of some ways I could give back and I was like, let's do a prom giveaway. But I also wanted to those suits too because I just love the, I love all like boys and girls, but they was like prom dresses. So yeah, stick to that. How did you come about, you know, with JT World Health Foundation?


I came up with that. I have not yet to like really like do everything I wanna do with it yet, but I kind of want to, I have to do a lot of stuff. 'cause what I really, my end goal is to get like A-Y-M-C-A type house in Miami. So, but before you get that, you have to do like community outreach. You gotta do a lot of, it's a lot of politics before you be able to get like a house. So I'm still working on that. Let Me ask you a question. Yeah. What's some of the qualities that a guy has to have for JT to be attracted to Him? Oh, I'm in a relationship. No, I'm saying, but you know what I'm saying, like What's some, you know, what's some of the qualities? Funny? Yeah, kind, funny.


Successful. I love a, I love a confident man. Like I love my man to be confident. I love my man to know he the shit. Like, I don't like no insecure man. I just, There's some good answers. I just like my man. Now, now, now with, how do you like being in the, in the big position, right? We live in a world now, especially us black people where everybody got an opinion. When you came out with your stuff, everybody had something to say about you know, you know music. Like what, like how do you, how do you, how do you, how do you deal with the fact of all the hate you got at the beginning of the documentary, you played it all.


Like how do you deal? Did you use that as fuel or how do you, you know, how did you deal with it?


This episode, A Million Hours mworthofgame is brought to you by Draftings. Know the beautiful thing about being a sports fan. There's only like two days the whole year without a game. Two with so much happening and so much action that makes just about every day a Draftking Sports book day, it's super easy for the first time to get started, try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to Draftking Sports book, select your team and place your first bet. It really couldn't be any easier or simpler. Baseball, golf UFC. There's something for every fan of every sport. Tibet on on DraftKings and I know it's early but football season will be here. Before you know it, download DraftKings Sportsbook app now Use code Gilly. Code Gilly. Code Gilly Download it right now. DraftKings code Gilly code Gilly code Gilly Code Gilly. Let's get it right. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in Connecticut Health is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly 21 and over. Physically present in Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only void in Ontario eligibility and the restrictions apply. New customers only $1 wager to earn $100 in non casino credits that expire in 168 hours. Terms at casino.draftkings.com/blockbuster.


So I'm learning how to deal with hate more now. I'm so, so proud of myself 'cause I came so far with dealing with hay. I like even with the past couple of days of putting out my project and when people was like writing me certain stuff and it was, and it was probably the most least time I received hay when I put out C Cinderella 'cause I got so much love. But I feel like it don't benefit me to respond to people all the time. Like sometime you'll catch me and I need to release anger and I'll be like, okay here go a outlet for me to release anger. Not that I give a fuck but sometime I need to talk my shit just how they need to talk this shit. So it's like we'll go back and forth. But yeah, it was a lot of shit said about me that I felt like I have to prove people wrong, prove people wrong.


So I loved it. I was like these same people wanna have to either shut up or give me my props or pretend they don't have, they don't see you, you know what's Going on, What's going on. Well the reality of it is none of that shit don't mean nothing because I can guarantee you 99% of the people that hate on you haven't did one 10th of the shit you've done in life. So they already hustling backwards. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? They That's your phone? Yeah. Okay. They already hustling backwards. You feel what I'm saying? Like you, you can sit at home and you haven't accomplished nothing that I accomplished.


You haven't been to the places I've been to, you haven't did anything that I've done. But you could sit there and type some negative shit about oh you don't like this song, I'm this, I'm that. Well if I'm that, what are you? 'cause I'm out here being great. They was trolling from the WIC office right. Worse than the WIC office. I feel like with with people these days it is so easy to talk shit about people and they know we, they kind of feel like we see it. They get they opportunities to be on the same platform as us now. Like they're gonna make it to the blogs, they're going to like get a clap back. It's like gonna be a notification from a celebrity. I feel like back when I was growing up, when we talked shit about people, they didn't see it I don't think because we didn't use the app for one and for two we wasn't getting the platforms like we, they weren't posting us on blogs or like it was like media takeout at the time and shit like that.


When I was growing up I felt like social media, like Twitter moves so fast. So it's like if I could talk shit and she could respond, I'm gonna get followers or maybe my shit gonna blow up. Right. You know, or I made retweets or some shit like that. Like I remember when I hit you one day and I was like you ain't gotta be paying this no attention. You was like no Wow. I'm tired of motherfuckers playing with me. Oh yeah that was your whole thing. And I was telling you like listen don't even like, you know because it's like I always look at it like heritage is your marketing team. Let them work. Yeah. Because a lot of people and once you get in the celebrity space, you need the haters to keep you relevant out here until some point. Yeah like, like they gotta be on the block. They gotta be talking about you. Like if they ain't talking about you, if you ain't got no haters, you ain't popping the scene like out here.


No. And it's sad that that's where we come to in the culture. But how do you feel though after all the hate you went in there and put that music together? When I went in the studio this time around, I just wanted to create something like that. I like, you know what I'm saying? Not what you like, what they like, what nobody like but what I like and I felt like it was gonna bring all my people to me. So if we got the same, you know vibe, I know what they like, they like no bars, they like sideways, they like shit like that. But when I went in there I didn't really think about haters. Like I knew that I was gonna come back out with a result that I was proud of.


So they didn't matter at the time. Like I just wanted to make myself proud and like prove that doubt that we all put in the back of our mind of ourselves. Like I don't think that it's not one person that try to do something new that have at least a a least amount of doubt. You know? Like damn what if this don't work? What if this, you know? So I'm like let me try this 'cause hold on. Everything I do try works since I've been a little girl. Like since I've been a kid. Everything I tried when I first I was playing when I first started rapping and that worked And then if I try something else that'll work. If I try to rebrand myself, that'll work. So I was like let me retry music.


'cause coming off of like bad sales and bad press and like people was talking shit. So I was like let me put my fear to the side and not waste my talent and lemme make myself proud. So it wasn't so much about them at the time, it was more about me absolutely in that moment and what I deserved and owed myself that I missed out on when I went to prison. And when I got outta prison and it was COVID and 'cause if I would've just like gave up and said well let me start a business or like, or let me fucking use my likeness and just not do you know it would've, I would've never knew.


So I'm good at music. I love to, I went in the studio. I had the most fun I had in so long when I went in there. I feel so confident when I rap, when I put how I feel on a beat and I hear myself back, I feel powerful. So I'm like this is what I'm meant to do. So I have to continue what I'm supposed to do. Like God would've never brought me this far for me not to be doing this. Absolutely. And I feel like I couldn't give up on myself. It wasn't so much about a hater what they say because they hate on everybody. Everybody. You get what I'm saying? And it's not just me that they hate on. Like I try not to make myself pity myself like right. Oh y'all hating on me because literally everybody get talk shit about and I get comfort in that.


I be like man they talking shit about me today. They was just talking shit about her yesterday. Him the other day. Him the other day. Her the other day. They just, it's just the shit talking world right now. And I feel like they feel like their opinion counts so much to the fact that they're going to keep talking shit. It's up to you to do your job. Why they do theirs. Like you say, it is their job to hate. Yeah. How do you feel about the support you getting from the juvie? I feel so like literally I feel so good like connecting and touching them and building with them because I'm, I mean it might seem like it's a lot of us but it'd be the same ones over and over. Showing up for me time, after time after time, no matter what number, what charts, chart, placement, what anything like, just the admiration and how they think of me and how I represent them.


I love them. I love like my little, my little supporters. I won't call 'em fans or fans 'cause I don't think they made it to that, that point of crazy yet. But they support me and I support them. Like if they need me, I'm there for them. If I need them, they there for me. And I think we got a cool relationship. You,


You Summer is all about the freedom to have fun, forget a vacation and take a tequila vacation with new truly tequila soda. This refreshing blend of real fruit juice from concentrate sparkling water and premium Tequila Blanco is the drink of the summer. Try all four refreshing flavors. All with 5% A BV and just 100 calories. Truly tequila soda. Keep it light hard. Seltzer beverage company, Boston, Massachusetts. Please drink responsibly.


You drop the, you know the documentary which was just what, what, what made you come up with that idea? Man that was a great idea. Like, So the documentary was supposed to be two different things. The fir, my first idea was the city Cinderella was supposed to be like I was supposed to go to each city and find a city Cinderella. So I wanted to, and I'm still gonna probably do that and highlight like in the smallest towns, like the girls that do the hair like and let people tell they story of they hustle and shit like that. But I didn't have the time so that's what it really supposed to be. I supposed to went in like city to city. Yeah. Like I don't know if y'all ever seen this documentary called Hood the Hood. Right? You ever seen Hood? Nah, it it was like you talking about is that the documentary where they go to people hoods?


Yeah. Yeah I remember that hood. The Hood. So I used to love Hood the Hood 'cause it used to make me think that like it was A rap documentary. No was street, It was like a street document. You gotta watch it. Like They go to different Neighborhoods, they go to D different neighborhoods. So when they came to our hood and the boys from our hood was on Hood, the Hood, the DVDI was like damn they made it like so I wanna make girls feel like that. Like when you like I made it like I made like I was on but I didn't have the time to put that together 'cause it take time to do shit like that. So I had, we had the sponsors, we had to back it. Everybody was excited to put money behind it but I didn't have time so I was, I because I had to go on the road and then the shit wound up being longer than what it was supposed to be. So I was just like, let me document this and make this the documentary. So my initial idea was that like a hood to hood type, Let me say this right, I think you reconnecting with the bottom to go back to that.


I think that's going to help you in the long run because a lot of times people, they come from the bottom and then they get up here and then when they get up here the reconnection with the bottom is lost. Somebody else get the bottom. Yes, There You go. Somebody else get the bottom. So for you to say, for you to humble yourself and say no, I'm gonna go back to the roots of this shit and connect with the roots of this shit because the roots hold up the tree. I don't give a fuck about what they talking about. Fuck what they, I'm gonna go back, I'm gonna connect with the roots in the long run. You going to see that was one of the best ideas I ever Did.


I see it now see I see it now. Like see I was like, and and it make you one thing about it when you, last night I went to Indianapolis and it was so funny because it was like not as crowded as all of my shows being 'cause I ain't promoted to be honest. I didn't promote it and they probably didn't think I was coming there 'cause I never said anything about it. But when I came I was like in the back of my head like damn this shit. Like not what I thought it was gonna be. But when I got on that stage them motherfuckers already knew City Cinderella and they came out Friday and I was like, this is what real love looked like.


Like there you go, fuck a crowd of people. These are the motherfuckers that's showing up for you and that love you And that ca like knew the lyrics to ci. I could do rap cam with them. They knew the lyrics already and the project came out Thursday midnight. Midnight Thursday. So I was so happy to feel that. And I think that some of us sit in our room artists, we sit in our room, we sit around our families, we sit, we forget like the real love that's outside. You keep reading on the internet. Reading on the internet. And I had to, I had a little sad down weekend because you don't work on a weekend as a artist all the time and you I be needing to be active. I hate to be just sitting at home when my project out and I feel like I'm not doing enough.


Like what I'm gonna post, what I'm Do I'm do. So when I seen them and I seen they knew my lyrics, I said oh my god this was all worth it. Like nothing. Nothing else matters. People out here that's fucking with this Music. right. How is it like, you know you ain't walking here by yourself, you walking here with a team. How important is it to have a team that you got? How important is that? Well I don't wanna flatter them 'cause they right here. Oh man, I'm just joking. I'm just joking. I'm just saying a joke. You got I'm, it's just, it's just a joke. Just a joke. You got, you got them all. It's just a joke. But I love my team. Like I've been working with the same people for years and they kind of like see me at my down lowest. I don't think it's gonna work moment.


What the fuck we gonna do? What's on the schedule? Because I pay they bills no shade. Like this is their job. So if I don't work and I don't make money, Right? I mean, well him right there, right? Especially him, he like wanna follow me around everywhere And, and I remember shows, I remember shows had got really slow so he was like, my hairstylist was like harassing me and he was like, what's on the schedule? What's on the schedule? What's on the schedule? What's on the schedule? And I'm like, oh baby, go back to LA didn't do hair. It's no schedule. It's no more shows. Like our project had just did so bad.


It was like October and it was nothing. The calendar was empty. I never seen no shit like it. And I was like


Get the crew together and head off to the course in the new 2024 Chevy Traverse with impressive cargo room three row seating and the first ever Z 71 Trim Traverse can handle your buddies and their golf bags with ease Chevrolet together. Let's drive


Like, oh my god. Like if I don't, like, if I don't figure out something, I'm pretty sure he could have found another, you know, celebrity to do half of. But it is, or like my team could have found another team. But it's like when you have a team, you build a family so you don't want your team right to, to leave you and go in nobody else's pocket. So you gonna wanna, you gonna wanna work hard so you can get your team back in a position they was in. So I just put my head down like not put my head down in defeat or thing, but just to focus on absolutely rebuilding myself. Because that's what it was all about in that moment. Like once that fucking Project Raw didn't do what it was supposed to. Do I mean what it, what it was, it did what it was supposed to do because we didn't, we didn't put much into it.


But you know, once you get that media of being like those numbers, people don't wanna support that. Like these people are like kind of monkey see monkey do they wanna be on what's popular, what's hot, what's selling. You only get a few people that wanna rock with you just for who you are in this industry right now. Like when it come to fandom and people that's talking about you and all that. So I didn't know what the fuck I was gonna do. No bars had done ran this course a little bit and I was like oh my god I have nothing. But then it, we went viral and then I dropped sideways and them two songs kind of like carried me through and I did the little club tour thing. Then we was kind of back up and it was up from there and it was, I dropped okay and then it was just, I was doing this shit.


And So you know what that, do you know what the lesson and all that is? Whenever you doubt yourself, all you gotta do is put your head down, lock in and you can come up outta that Shit. Yep. That's it. Put your head down. I I always say that like people like keep your head down up. Like nah, put that motherfucker down like you lock in, you need to lock in. You need to get that tunnel vision to get yourself back on track. You can't look at left, you can't look, I mean you can't look left, you can't look right and you can't worry about what other people doing. And I feel like this, this club tour thing and this whole era has humbled me in a way that I don't give a fuck what nobody doing. I'm so confident I don't compare myself to nobody. Like I don't care what nobody's doing. I don't care how successful their record is or what they got going on or anything because I just feel like I'm in my own lane.


I put myself in my own lane, right? This is my shit. This my lane. What you do is what you do. What I do is what I do and I, I know I'm great at what I do. So I needed that. I needed that to go back on that road to get that confidence back, watch the people sing my music all over again and get my power back. I got my power back. I don't give a fuck with a bitch Going Out. You know what's so good about hearing you talk and hearing you say you're so transparent and vulnerable with the down parts of your journey. And I think in this world where everything is perfect and everything is just, everything is got this deep, big production of I'm just perfect. I got it all together. You know? I think people connect with that.


Yeah people connect with you just being real like yeah this shit wasn't, this shit wasn't that. How do you maintain just your authenticity in this fake ass world? I mean I don't go outside that much. I don't kick it with people that much. I don't hang out with people that much. So people don't rub off on me. Like you don't catch me just like outside like taking people energy. I feel like that's what keep me grounded. I stay to myself, I talk to my everyday friends, my family, my men and I literally just stay in my own little bubble. And I, that's what keep me myself in what and what matters is like how they feel about me.


I don't really like to hang out with people like that. You never really see me hanging out with people. I feel like when you get in that zone of like partying with so many people, then you gotta be fake when you go out you gotta smile on people face and you gotta act like you like people and shit. But when you just do your thing, you gonna stay authentic to you. It's and and that's a part of that is you know who you are. Yeah. You know what I mean. Facts. And it's funny as shit that she say that about going out because we get invited to every party and what I always tell you, I'd rather stay home. I always Do I don't wanna go kick it with a bunch of other rich motherfuckers who we going to sit here and we going lie to each other man we gotta do something baby.


Yeah call me baby. It's always baby we gonna get y'all the shit. We then we never talk bro. What is it? Yeah, I could sit my studio and smoke weed have a better time than that. So I understand you when you say I don't really go out and I don't, yeah I don't really, I don't put other people's energy on me. I ain't really with that either. But I don't have a, I won't, I won't say like if I'm out then I enjoy myself but I'm not desperate to be on the scene or desperate to be around people because I feel like they energy rub off. Then you have to pretend too much and it's just too much of that. Like if you home too much or you at work or you with your family, you ain't gotta pretend. How do you feel now? I know you ready to get charged up about this. You ready to go out there and get with your people now on this tour?


You know what I mean. You ready C now you you, you seen him just in Indianapolis but now you ready C him word for a well. You know? So how do you feel about that? You charged up about that tour? Yeah, I'm so excited about tour. This's gonna be my first official real tour with like hard sell ticket. Mm. The merch. The merch. And unfortunately the city girls never went on the tour. Like we, we never went on the tour. So this gonna be my first official tour. We went on a tour with Jack called up without a headlining tour. So this is my first tour headlining by myself and I'm excited, I'm excited to like see them get they merch, sit in their seats. I got some cute ideas for them for like Rap Kim. And like it's gonna be real cute. I don't wanna give it away, give too much, do give too much away.


But it's gonna be very intimate. It's gonna be an experience. I'm gonna say this to you. Like I always tell people, man, God's gonna touch you then, then he gonna bless you. Keep doing, you keep being you the real gonna win at the end of the day. Yes they are. And it is manufactured fake ass world no matter what. You know the images that we see every day got people in depression. People think they're not doing enough. Listen, you're doing enough 'cause you're doing you. Thank you. Keep doing that. Keep, you know, keep shining and keep, keep growing and keep growing and everything that's supposed to come to you is going to come. Yes, absolutely. Fuck the haters. Fuck 'em. That is so true. I'm glad you said that. 'cause it is true. Like I think we all get that you, that internet syndrome. You, you watch the internet and you think you not doing enough 'cause the internet moving so fast.


And that's why lately I've been trying to tap out of them blogs and like, don't look because it's, you feel like it's not all about you 'cause it's moving so fast. Like they post one person, they post the next person they post. So you feel like you in this one box of people when it's a billion people in a world and you just want to, you need to expand and explore. Comfortable. Yeah. When you able to push it into perspective and you like, okay, I'm reading a blog from a person who hasn't accomplished as much as me in life. Right? Right. Why the fuck am I reading this block? Right. Being nosy. Being nosy. Be Exactly.


See, see, So being nosy, when You learn how to get that fuck it button, I promise You it's, you know, you wanna know something, You Don't care about nothing. It's like now we are this generation and I, I'm, I'm not example, I'm not too good to say Me too. We finding out like everything through the internet, I remember having to wait till I get outta school, walk past my grandma legs and glance at the TV to see what's on the news, to know what's going on. But now, right now it's in the palm of our hands and I be feeling like if I don't tap into like certain shit, I'm gonna miss something. So it's not that like I love the mess, I'm just looking for the information and what's going on today. And things have changed. Unfortunately things have Changed. Everybody tries to go viral and unfortunately negative shit go viral 20 times faster than positive shit.


Yep. So if, if I'm a young person, I'm a blogger, I'm, I'm a YouTube or I'm and I'm trying to catch a moment nine times outta 10, it's gonna be a negative moment over a positive moment because negatives sell more than positive. So Yes it do. Especially in our community, right? Oh yeah, fuck you. I'm not gonna lie. Yeah, I don't know too much. Let me, let me don't say that 'cause I don't know too much about what other races do, but I wanna say in our community it's like child girl you heard what? Yes girl. And like we want the T like the T is the the main thing that is gonna sell because you gonna see the comments. It could be something so positive, rarely comments and then let it be somebody done died, broke up anything negative like for it.


Right? Argued on the internet it's gonna have the most comments. You Can't even break up, you can't even break up with your partner now and you gotta read 15,000 comments of why y'all broke, broke up. You can't even fuck, you can't even fuck not breaking up with your partner. You better get date, your partner right now out loud because it's like so many people are thinking they in your life. Like I don't even see why people care that much. Right. No they care because a lot of times in our culture, the black culture, First of all, a lot of people I think we change. Whereas though just growing up to be the doctor, the lawyer, nurse, whatever, that's out the way. Everybody want to be in your position.


We live in the world now where everybody want to be popular. So they whole thing is like they, they just praying for your downfall for you to fall. So you got the whole culture watching you hoping you fall 'cause they mad that they not in the position and then put the work that you put the fuck in. We gonna be realistic about it. Yeah because you're so, you're so subscribed to people lives that you worship. Like they, they, you know, people be worshiping people's lives out here but they worshiping in any way. They just wanted to be, damn I can't be that person. Damn. I hope they lose or I couldn't be that I want, I had, I had dreams of being popular in the star but it's never happened for me 'cause I ain't, I ain't put the work in that they put in No why them and not me. Everything is always why them and not me. I could rap better than that person.


I could sing better, I could play back. So everything is a comparison and it's gonna continue to go. But when you doing your thing and you make it, you just gotta stay on top of your game. And in our culture they champion you to the top and then when you get to the top they champion you to the bottom. Yeah they do See, they see white folks, they champion Garth Brooks to the top and they love Garth Brooks forever. They don't a fuck. Why the fuck will we ever be mad at Garth Brooks? Black people, they champion you to the top and then you get to the top and they'd be the same motherfuckers that was championing you to the top na in your comments, fuck outta here. You change you, you like only thing changed was my bank account. I worked hard and I came up like, and then they champion you to the bottom.


Like if you look at all the rappers, that's that's, they all been through some shit that where is like once they hit the top here it come Drake going through it. Now once he hit the top there's a 55 rappers came outta nowhere. Bam. Like it was like a alright set the set the alarm off on Drizzy. Here you go. 55 rappers came outta nowhere and just start going at him from, so once you get to the top you gotta expect that Here we come. But I'm ready for it. I don't give a fuck. That's how I feel. Bring it on. Like I feel like that, I feel like this second go round I be like you could say whatever you ain't finna make me feel no type of way. 'cause I know what it's like to really be damn bad.


For real. You Know what that's called growth? Yeah. Nah. You was in prison like I was in prison rapping to, what was it? What was the prison? A Rly. Kailyn A r Texas. I was in prison rapping to Kaitlin. Like now I'm out here going on tour, my own tour that I'm headlining. You think I give a fuck about what any of y'all are talking about? I don't. And that should be your mindset. Yeah, but sometimes You Know we flesh, we feel you care sometime. But it's not, I'm not surprised about when they hating and why they hating it. Because when you, when I first came out we had a up and then everybody come out with old tweets.


This, that third trying to tell you snatch it down and that's only when you get popular. So I'm just ready for anything now. 'cause I done been through everything. So it's like when the hate come it's like okay, I know. Alright, now I know Before we get outta here, what's your favorite song with the album? You only can pick one. Don't be telling me this one and that one You only can pick one. The the one that you listen to the most. Well Hope Hope is my favorite song. That intro. Yeah. And that, that Hope was playing in that documentary too. You, I like, I like Nineties baby. 'cause I was in my Prime in the nineties. Nineties baby you was talking Shit. I met my woman. Yeah. I like nineties baby.


Nineties Baby is the single like nineties. Baby is the single. So everybody know nineties baby. He went to jail in the nineties. So he probably, I'm gonna say this though, I'm gonna say this though. That that swing is crazy too. You like swang. Yeah, You was talking about getting a letter from the rental office. You was getting real crazy. I love Swang. Swang is like, I love City Cinderella. I'm not gonna lie, I love Swang because Swang is that laid back. But you, you, you know what I'm talking about. Yeah, it's a vibe. It it, I swang. I'm crazy. I was like girl, I laughed after that song. Like I literally laughed after that song. But hope it's my favorite though. But I'm gonna say this to everybody out there. Go out there, download the album, buy the album. Yes. Repost it. Stream it.


Go on YouTube, watch the videos, play everything. Yes. You know what I mean. She gonna keep doing the thing. Get them tickets for the tour. Make sure y'all get merch. She gonna be coming to a city near you. Yes. She be pulling up. Ain't no telling. She might pop up in one of them salons. I don't know. Oh yeah. Yep. The city Cinderella. It is not over yet. This is a a long, good, Beautiful story for everybody. You had to explain yourself though. You said she may pop in one of em salons. I'm answer. Oh yeah, he was mad. My fault not, I'm just saying she Oh, the tour. The tour, the documentary nigga switch up You. know what I mean. You just gotta make sure you on your job one em girls in Houston might come and take you. Stop talking all the lies, man. Stop lying to it. He might get, she might slide into some lines and get somebody new.


So, I mean, but listen, keep doing your thing. Thank You. know what I mean. You shining. You winning city Cinderella. Go out there and get that, man. Yes sir. And it's just like that, right?


Summer is all about the freedom to have fun, but you don't need to blow your budget on a trip to make the most of it. Forget a vacation and take a tequila cation with new truly tequila soda. This refreshing blend of real fruit juice from concentrate sparkling water and premium Tequila blanco is the drink of the summer. Try all four refreshing flavors. Lime, pineapple, guava, grapefruit, and watermelon. All with 5% A BV, and just 100 calories. Take a tequila location with new truly tequila soda today. Truly tequila soda. Keep it light hard. Seltzer beverage company, Boston Mass. Please drink responsible.