
Hey, Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right? You're now tuned into million dollars Mworthofgame. You see who we with right here? Glockaveli Tour. Don, listen, we ready to go and check the show. I'll give you the behind the scene access. You've never seen this before, man.


We love you. We love you, KeyGlock. I'm his number one fan. I love KeyGlock much. It's hot out here, but we out here for you. We Love you. We love you. We support you.


This episode, a million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by New Amsterdam Vodka now life ain't going your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your wife cheating today. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming in but it didn't come your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. It's still five times. It's filtered three times for that clean, crisp finish. You could drink it straight up on the rocks. Juice soda is up to you. You could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. But when you out and about at your local liquor store, this is where it's at. Don't you walk past this New Amsterdam Vodka. You scoop it up like a funboy at the gold line. Get it to that registered boot. Take it home and drink it the way of your choice. New Amsterdam Vodka. Get in tune. It's the wave, the official vodka of bar stoop sports. It's create for pre-gaming as well. Shout out to the new Amsterdam queen Tootie be at the CRI with her girlfriends doing the cocktails and things right.


Deep on this side. You rolling up the side Fried og. I smoke one right with you. You be like I cook. You like cooked good lamb chops. What's up doc Mix going against man. Alright. How old are you? 27. I know you like 47 old. 26 old five. Y'all know what this would be right? What A young barbecue. Ah, you know y'all hot dogs in the hamburgers man. Y'all going on the grill court When you wanna come to Harlem? Us Cut your As you go to Philly too. Lemme tell you about the hard right. Let lemme tell you about some hard think some extra loud dress shit.


I mean they gonna talking. They going have motherfucker have on motherfucker Louis Vuitton. Chanel they love to dribble. I'm talking about they'll throw the ball between your legs six times. Yo, Yo yo Basket Check. He don't wanna do that. No. Give a cookie first though. Give a Cookie Here too. Let's love, let's love he from the Kingdom. You doggy. Nah, G Dog. Harlem is not known for playing basketball. What was known for then? What we known for? Shake.


Y'all talking about He like that. He said, he said. Oh, he did that off the top. What you been outside with your life though? Said you know what's going on. You know what's going on. No, all of 'em got some ballers. You from the A? Yeah, I'm From the A. They ain't really got no ball. Nah. Yeah he know my pops. Who your pops? That's Clay. Clay? Yeah. That's Little Clay right there. I ain't even know nothing. I'm tripping. I already know. I know. Oh Weird. Oh man. I know I seen him before but I'm like I'm tripping and I'm just thinking you how you see it. You was like maybe I'm tripping.


Maybe look like a nigga or something. What's up dog? What's going On boy? What's up? Yeah sir. Man you already know Dog Pop was a legend. Legend was my man. Man, You hear me? Yo. Pleasure me. My guy All love. You know that Anytime y want anytime up anytime y'all want to do a barbecue. He ain't got weaves up under that. I ain't trying to Nah, Stop bro. Oh alright. Okay. Talking laying like a bro for no reason. Okay, okay. You definitely ain't got no Oh I so what I'm gonna do, just cut it down.


You just turned me up Only, only for this song. 'cause it the bass hit too hard and it beat feeling distorted when the show starts. So I'm gonna cut it down only on this song. Check one two, check one two. I got Glock mike so cut me up at the booth back here on his mic. Cut it up. I can't, I can't really hear him back here. Check, check one. Can't here myself. Check one two, check one, two. Check check one. Yo. Your boy DJ Memphis. Y'all know Glockaveli tour right now. We're doing sound check. Trying to, trying to get it, get it right. Got the girls doing they thing right now. My guy, you just don't know motivate me every time.


Every time I see anything that you do. Whether it's on the court playing or on the, on the, you know what I'm saying? Talking to people on the interview. It, it is funny. Somebody brought up Damien, Gil Uhoh somebody in the back but we ain't, I Don't know. I'm about to be ready for him. It's a jump somewhere close by. No, you come to Cameron. No he not. He's not about to ready. I ain't gonna lie. Now that shot on man. When he get that shot on fire now that shot going round Drop shot. I'm a foul him. But now this sound check we getting ready for the show. Big show in Dallas sold out.


That's what we do. PRE Cutthroat DJ Memphis the hundred dollars like man, you know what going on. That's what it's about. Bebe KEY GLOCK. Stay tuned. Right. Y'all will be coming from this way but the people gonna line up, come out this way and take a picture and shoot right back out. So this is James Up brother. How you feeling? I got some tree in my hand. Alright, You a good time. You gonna show day so yeah, they gonna pull up right here. Oh You gotta, Nah, I got 'em at the desk. I can get you in a second. Yes. That's clean. They'll come up, they'll come up from that side. Boom, take the picture, shoot out.


That way those curtains will be closed so they won't see 50, 50 plus a couple people that Beyonce the names With them fans at with 'em fans. Come on man. Let's go talk to some people out here man. What's up y'all? What up? What's Popping dog? How y'all feeling man? Y'all here to see KEY GLOCK, huh? Yes. This an episode of million dollars Mworthofgame right here. So all y'all going be on there. Is y'all cool with that? Yeah. Stuff up. Why you here to see KEY GLOCK man? You know what I'm saying? We've been out here listening to him since it from the Jump Man, you know?


Okay. What's your favorite songs? Good. What about you Lil Mama? What you here to see him perform? I'm here to see him perform Blue Devil. Blue Devil Blue Devil You We going to turn that when he perform next? Sure. What about you? What you here to see him perform? A Dolphin and Goat. Okay. What about you Lil Mama? What you here to see him perform? I'm ready for Blue Devil. She ready? Somebody better tell him to play Sunny Days. Yeah, tell him that when I go in the back Sunny days. You hear this for Do man I'm here for penguins. Penguins, penguins. So this is a clear indication of what type of catalog that key got because everybody's here to see diff hear different songs.


See? So how many people buying merch? Y'all leaving with some merch? Merch? I'm leaving some of that. See? See in the event it sold out. I didn't even notice the line was all the way down there. Oh, line at the end of the building. Yeah. KEY GLOCK. Yes sir. And Glock we trust. I like that. See No. Yeah, no, no. And she ready from the new album. So we excited. We Ready. Can't wait. Can't Waits Hot. But we love him so love him. Dad Die Hard Family Brock From nothing.


Spike Lee, presidential role all the way back. Long Lived Dog man. It's PRE Man. Cut the LA for million. You We love you so much. It's hot out here. But we out here for you. We love you. We love you. We support you. Why am I here? He's my favorite artist. He's my number. I'm his number one fan. I love KeyGlock. I love Glaucoma. Glaucoma Two. I like Glockaveli. What the yellow? Both of the two albums. Dumb and Dumber. Dumb and Dumber two. I like What's that? I love all of them man. I can't. He's my favorite artist. I love you. KeyGlock.


What'd you say? Hey, what up? How you doing Fish? She gets out. Fish, she gets out. I'm good. You all Pleasure. Finally to meet y'all, man. What's love man? I'm, I'm Chef Benjamin. I'm a celebrity product chef in Dallas. So man, I cook like a lot of celebrities when they come to town and pretty much like everybody. Cowboy fan, Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. So I don't, I ain I ain here from Texas. Oh, okay. So I'm, I'm originally from Alabama. Okay. So, so man came out here to Dallas a couple years ago and like nigga started my own company. So yeah, it's actually front of me.


That's a sous chef aj. So we, that's what Im talking about. We watch our podcast all the time, bro. So let's get Official. Do you Really think this nigga's a good chef? I'm a chef. I'm a hell a chef. Well, I, I I wanted to make a bet with you real quick if you don't mind. What's that? Okay, so I made a busload of like Hennessy and honey wings, which y'all like signature wings that we make now. And you know, I throw it on the table. I'd like for you to try one and if you don't like it, I give you a hundred dollars. No, He, this is, this is my wing guy right here. Oh, He's a wing warrior? Yes. He Said that's a reason we going to see if He wants 250 wings in 10 minutes. Oh man, I tell you what, I can make you up by 300 of 'em. He's a wing warrior. How Long would that take dude? For the 300 Man? Probably like an hour. 20 minutes. Damn.


Keep doing your thing brother. Come on. Appreciate it Wing. He he will eat 200 them right now. He's a wing. He's a wing warrior. I ain making we Through eight tenders in hand. Nigga was like this. I did as soon as he get here. What was the flavor with la The Hennessy Honey wings. Every motherfucker time we come into one of these stadiums, he blitzes a nigga's locker room and and opens the food. I'm chilling. You let that nigga do that. I went to sat, I mean T Up.


This episode a million dollars Mworthofgame is bought to you by Rocket Money with prices going up on just about everything lately being smart with your money isn't just a good idea. It's essential. But managing subscriptions, tracking, spending and cutting calls can feel overwhelming. Lucky for you. Rocket Money takes the guesswork out of it so you can easily make smart decisions. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel unwanted subscriptions. Monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all of your subscriptions in one place and know exactly where your money is going. For ones you don't want anymore, Rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money's Dashboard gives you a clear view of expenses across your accounts. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved over 500 million in cancellation subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when they use our app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash dollars. That's DOLL AZ today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash dollars Rocket Money dot com slash dollars. The best way to save some money. Rocket Money right?


The fuck I'm talking about. I love to see that young nigga like nigga they used think my shit worth. Yeah. You know what that mean? Yeah. Whole crew decorated they dick last night when you was broke. Right? And you wanted to get on right? Right. All you needed was some studio time. Right. Don't become one of these rich niggas and start saying shit like Yeah man I just got a lot on my mind and I got writer's block and wait, hold on. So when you was broke, all you needed was a fucking studio.


You never had shit on your mind. You never had writer's block, you never had none of that when you was in the worst times of your fucking life. All you needed was a fucking studio. Now you got all this money bitches sucking your dick three at a time. You got four bitches in the room. One bitch can't even do nothing. You just reaching up, grabbing titties. Now you got writer's block. The fuck are we talking about Mac? Yeah man The fuck you talking about Man, you got seven cars outside Mac. You just had six Dominican bitches in your room last night. You ain't got nothing to rap about. The Fuck are you talking about? Man, don't become that nigga bro.


I see a bunch of niggas saying Yeah because you know I be having to get my mind right. Your mind Right. Nigga if you going through some shit, that's when you supposed to go to the studio and rap about what you going through nigga. I thought a basketball player, it didn't matter what he was going through. Once he stepped on that court nigga this win. I don't even think about that shit no more. That I thought that's how this was. Man this something. Damn I'm going through something with my bitch man. I'm gonna go through, I might go to the studio and make a song about this shit tonight and next thing I got the biggest motherfucker record in the country 'cause I was pouring it out from a police that was genuine. That was real. So a bunch of young niggas that's going through this shit around the country, they can relate to that shit 'cause they going through it with they bitch.


Yeah. Feel me? Sure Niggas be going through it with bitches man I can't. Oh shit. I can't man. All why? Because the bitch you seen the bitch with future man. Cut it out man. Now you can't fucking rap man. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. Nah, Get your fucking money now shit shot.


We love you KeyGlock. So first and foremost you're gonna go in one at a time. If you want to do a group, you're gonna do the group photo on one phone. It's gonna be on your phone. Have your phone ready to take a picture in your photos application. If you do Snapchat, it's just one picture. I'm giving it back to you. I don't have time to see if you like it. I'm gonna take the picture vertical and horizontal. I'm gonna take a bunch. If you don't have any space on your phone, delete some of them memes right now. I know Ain ain't got no space on my phone. I know I get it. No video, no nothing else. You guys are gonna walk in through the curtain. There's a table there. Put your stuff down if you want to put your stuff down, you're gonna walk around the right side.


Meet him, take the picture, end your phone, walk around the left side, come out back out this way into where the room where merch is at and then you guys could go into the May Hall when it's time to let you in when they're ready for production to let you in. Is that clear? Anybody have any questions? No. Cool. Steady. I can't right now. Block steady.


You we?


Yeah. Thank you. Biggest fans? Our picture? Yeah man, for real. Come on. They gotta take a real picture. How do we do this? Like Man, you do however we want to do it. You know me Two biggest fans right here. Number one. You make sure you get the logo Right. Don Al, what's up Gametime baby?


Yes sir. Gametime baby. What's up? Yes sir. Biggest fans nigga. Fuck number one fan nigga out there.


This episode of Million Hours Mworthofgame is brought to you by DraftKings. It's officially the best time of the year for Hoop fans, playoff, drama, buzzer, beaters, all the chaos we live for. And if you're done just watching and ready to actually win some cash, you gotta check out Pick six from DraftKings. Nobody's dropping. Better payouts than pick six. Hit pick six. And that's 25 times your cash. And if you beat your competition, you could be looking for a 500 x bag in your pocket. It's super simple. Select your picks, track your scores and go to those big time prizes. No gimmicks, just straight up fun. Pick six is live in most states like Missouri, Cali, Texas, Georgia, and plenty more. So yeah, don't settle for weak payouts. Make your picks with Pick six and let your basketball brain pay off. New to DraftKings. Pick six new customers tossing just $5 on your first entry and get 50 in bonus bets instantly to playoffs are on. Why not take a shot at making a little money while you're watching? Download DraftKings. Pick six app right now. Use code Gilly. Download the app right now. Use code Gilly. Play $5 and get $50 in bonus bets. Better payouts, bigger wins. Only on pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Put it on right. Fuck It. Gambling Problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Agent eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdraw. Pick six bonus picks that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos


Is your phone.


You are now tuned into me, me, me, me. Mi min million dollars Mworthofgame. You see who we with right here? Glockaveli Tour. Don? Yes. Listen, he number one on the charts right now, you know what I mean? Apple Music number one in hip hop. He like four in all categories. He got about like 1.3 billion views on YouTube. He got another 11 million monthly listeners on on Spotify. He got four studio albums, five mix tapes, two collaboration albums, two eps, collab compilations. He got a body of work now. I I remember him. Oh, Can I say something before you get started? What he got real fans.


Real fans. Hard tickets. I've Been at the motherfucking venue. You gonna see the line since And the content Four o'clock Real? The fans been out there since five. Nigga the fucking venue didn't open till seven. No, they was actually out there when we pulled up At four seven. Yes they was It was something Out there. No, it was actually three 40, something like that. And so you gotta understand And it's hot in Dallas, You gotta understand real ticket sales is everything Merch real merch sales Is everything. Like it's, I just want to tell y'all that this line was, and we ain't just telling you, we showing y'all as I'm telling you this, the line was blocks long to get into this man concert man.


And, and I'm gonna just say this though 'cause he not gonna say it, but I know 'cause I know people that know people that know people that might know some people. He's not gonna say it. Republic just gave this boy shit load of money. I'm gonna just say, I gotta say this shit man. It was d it was a different type of bag. I'm not, it was different. 'cause you gotta understand all this time before this he was independent. So this project is out right now. Glockaveli Tour Dawn, you know it, it was like this, it was different. It was different type of money man. That's why it really paid to be independent all them years, huh? Exactly. It paid. I knew my Worth. You got my worth. Did did you feel as though, did you feel as though you could've got more 'cause you got Yeah, if I, if I waited longer, of course, but, but then again I can get more now.


I can still continue to get more. Yeah. But but how did it feel though, knowing like, oh, because you gotta think about this before the deal with Republic, you was selling out shows around the country doing 30 city tours, right? Selling a bunch of merch and you was independent like, like no real major back you or none of that, right? So how did it feel to be like, did did was it a little battle to say let me sign with a major? Of course it was a battle because I want, I didn't want to sign just to say I signed or just to, you know what I'm saying? Like, because it wasn't needed. Like I never like needed a, a major deal.


It was something I wanted to do. You get what I'm saying? But long as it worked in my favor and me dealing with all those, you know what I'm saying? Other labels, Republic stood out the most, they understood me the most and they put their money where their mouth was Because it was a bit more For sure. It was a, it was a crazy bit more. Yeah, because I, I remember I got a call somebody like, we almost got him. It was a lady was like, yeah, we, we we, we about to get I'm gonna need you out. We going get him. I said, all right, we gonna see. And I knew and I knew yeah it was, it wasn't who, it was a legendary label too. They ain't get you, you know what I mean? I was like damn. Yeah. So it's like to see somebody get that is like an example.


But the problem is a lot of people don't know that story. Right. Because they see you and they see all the cars, the houses, the jury, everything. They think you already was major. They think you already, they don't even know. Right. Because you was independent, rocking, rocking, you know, on a major. What motivates you to keep going and keep making this music after all these tapes, all this money. Like what motivates you? Really just like my peers, my daughter, you know, my mama and, and do of course. Yeah. So it's, that's, that's my motivation right there. Like be honest. When, when I first saw you on the King documentary, right, right. See you on the king. Come on. You got, do you got daddy in the back seat Benz you see going to get the cut and all that.


Then when he show you, you got the Benz, you leaning on it, you young, this when you was young man, right? The ice was on you. 19. 19. And did you think it would be this? Do you think you would get here? Huh? I don't think they early so fast. What you doing man? Come on in. You trying to hide man? Yeah. Come get some of this million dollar mworthofgame, bro. Yeah. What's up? What's up with baby? Come on man. You coming in like a candy Man and shit. Like how did you, how was it for you? For me? Like coming like no Like, like, like just the journey man.


'cause I don't, you know, a lot of people be like, I'm gonna get in the game, but they ain't sure Ain ain't gonna lie. I, I I wasn't sure. Like I never was sure like I never dreamed of none of this. I just, I realized it could be all of this as I got older. You get what I'm saying? Like I say my second like the sec my second year like out of high school like, 'cause I was still just thinking Street first, street first Fast Money Street first. Then once I, you know what I'm saying, got with Dolphin then learned the growth of, you know what I'm saying? The, the business of of the music, the show money like broadened my eyes more basically.


You know what I'm saying? The show money. So I was like ah this shit's sweet, this shit easy like that. So, 'cause it was like I be in Tennessee where I go to Mississippi, Alabama, it's so many cities, you know what I'm saying? Outside of the major cities, like that's relatable to where I'm from, like from the hood. But then getting did chill in circle. You get what I'm saying? Did chill in circus you would say I want eat chill. No, no, no. See, no see, see see I forgot, I forgot F. So the chillest circus, alright. No, no we ain't, I don't eat chilies either. No, no, no. The Chile circuit. No, no. Lemme give you the game. I got a schooling right here. The chillest circuit was Like A tour.


It was a touring circle. The down south they used to call it the Chitlin circle. The Chitlin. Yeah. So it be like it's spots that you want. That wouldn't be big cities. Right. And you would hit these spots Like parts of Alabama and That everybody had to do this back In the day. So it would be motherfuckers from down south. Right. Who would be huge down south. Only down south. And you don't know them motherfucker They going To, they would be you fucking chilling. So cat Is so big. That would be like for us, that's all the small sit towns around Philadelphia to the pots towns, the Allen towns, the average birds, the sure and a motherfucker be huge in them areas. But in the east coast we never even heard of the nigga. Exactly. But this nigga got thousands of motherfuckers singing his shit every night.


Kinda like my man, that's how I started. What's my man who we found out about at Jackson state man. Oh, Oh, oh oh. Or the dude that sing the them them songs. I Forget if you going leave, go in and leave. Thing that I found out. King George. King George Three King George. Yeah, king George. Yeah. He's popping Down there bro. We never heard of this nigga in our life. We went to Jackson, Mississippi. The whole, The whole fucking stadium was singing this shit to the point we like what the fuck is going on? Who the fuck? The whole time I'm thinking this some shit from 1970 or something.


I'm not even knowing this young bull singing this shit RB stuff Hard. It's a young nigga, it's hard. He's switching it up Though, you feel me? So the whole time I'm thinking this a motherfucker from back in the day, it's a young nigga that's, that's out now singing Blue Slash but he out there doing all them them them shoes in them small little towns. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. Rocking Out. He rocking out. So we go back up north, we go back to Philly, we in the car on the Instagram singing the song. Snoop Call Us, yo, where's that boy at? He wound up signing the boy. It's hard. Like nobody because we didn't even Snoop ain't even snoop like what's that? You know what I'm saying? So it's like, but the chilling sugar is that. So what you're saying is you was like, street's cool, but now I'm going to these towns getting this money, this shit is a little better.


It is like it's still the streets in a way though. You what I'm Saying? But it different. You trapp But different. It's straight nightclubs. It's straight nightclubs. But like I've been going to nightclubs but like I'm getting paid for it now. So I look at it different. You get what I'm saying? So I'm starting to look at, I move different. So it's like shit ain ain't gonna go to a club. This I'm getting paid now. I I was thinking like that five years ago, you know what I'm saying? So it's like imagine me now like But how did it, how did it transit transition to tickets because you a nightclub, they just, right. Somebody just give you your bag promoter here man I got this bag for you here go front end, back end Nightclub only holds so many people.


Yeah, right. But then again, once you get to like a certain level or certain status or whatever more, more people want to invest into you. So that's where the bigger, you know what I'm saying, venues or maybe arenas gonna come in at, you know what I'm saying? But like nowadays it's kind of different. Now some people might not never did a club performance and they just go straight to a festival arena. Like it's it different now but it's not organic like that and they don't, you know what I'm saying? That don't really last you get, know what I'm saying? It seem like you always doing your own tours and you don't go, you don't do too many festivals.


No, I do festivals. I just don't too much go on tour with like other people. Yeah, for sure. Why is that? What's the science to that? I really just never, never thought of it really. Ain ain't gonna lie. How do you continue to be original stay to your sound in this world where everybody is trying to mimic what's going on on TikTok or mimic what the next artist to do. How do you stay original to what you like to to your base? Man, I ain't gonna lie bro. I just, I just stay to myself for one. And then again, like I pay attention to everything around me and I try to be the opposite of what that is. Like not in a bad way, but I just don't, I don't want do nothing that's trending basically.


I wanna do the, the opposite of that. You get what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. Other than, other than you having the money and being able to feed your family and take care of your kids and all of that shit. What's the best part about this shit? What's the best part of The Fans? My fans because ain ain't gonna lie, it's like I know like my family with me, you know what I'm saying? My immediate family, I know my circle, my like my boys with me. But just to feel the energy of people that, you know what I'm saying, don't know me, that know of me. It might have just, this might be their first time seeing me.


It's like them folks emotion and reaction just be outta this world. You know what I'm saying? Then again, it it, it hit me a certain way. It's like, like like bro, you, you really got, you know what I'm saying? You really found your, your purpose or whatever, you know what I'm saying? Like folks really look at you bigger than how you look at yourself. Right. And I always tell myself that so I really, I just be chilling bro. That shit ain ain't gonna lie. It make a nigga feel good though. Yeah, yeah. Fast. How, how do you feel knowing that you was the one coming up one day and P Empire, you was the one coming up. Now you got a team that's coming up. How do you feel, what game do you give them about your journey?


What game did you pass down to them? Ain ain't gonna lie. The journey's still going on and we all learn together. Okay. You know what I'm saying? We all put each other on game. Like what I always tell my folks like never lead each other in the blind. Like everybody has to know what's going on. You know what I'm saying? In inside out, you know what I'm saying? Because like business, like doing business with your family and like with your friends. That shit rare. That shit rare. Like it don't always go the way they think it should go. You know what I'm saying? But that's 'cause like people don't just understand business.


They look at business more like a, a friendship. You get what I'm saying? That's where shit get the, you know what I'm saying? But long as everybody got got like minds and on the same page won't when shit go wrong, you can't do nothing but Flourishing. And, and and that kind of remind me of a situation we was in. Yeah. You know what I mean? When we was building me and I work for gang, when it came time to break bread, That how you know, which He showed me the respect of 'cause you was building this shit when I was in jail. Right. So how we going to break it down? Exactly. You feel me? But I showed him the respect of I don't need no nigga looking over at my shoulder man.


Right. About how much money I got and how much money they got. Exactly. So we going to do this shit 50 50. Exactly. You feel me? Exactly. Because I don't need, we get a, we get a $10 million check. I don't need you to be saying, damn he got this much, I got this much. Yeah, for sure. We do the same amount of work for sure now even though he put the work in to kind of build the brand. For sure. No, fuck all that. I I I'm the type of person We gonna bust this shit down. We rule everything front Line. Nah, that's right. So I, I respect that type of mindset. You feel what I'm saying? I respect, I respect that too. Your Decision. You know what I mean? We, we teach each other every day. Right. You feel what I'm saying?


We learned off each other every day. Brothers And it and it and it is solid that you said what you said because it's like even though somebody might be coming from behind you, you understand the fact of they might be on some game that you not on. So that's a blessing. You say we teach each other because I think in this game, in this time we in everybody, they don't know how to, they don't know how to eat with each other. They want to compete with each other even in some teams and families. Yeah. It happens. So to be able to have that it like is really rare to be able to have that. It really, it really what happens is it'd be a, it'd be a, it'd be a like a a a fake alpha male type of thing that go on that. Now just because you, the you the successful rapper and you got the most money, your niggas can't even talk to you no more.


Right. You feel what I'm saying? Right. Where where as though when we was just homies nigga I could play with you. I could joke with you. I could now I might be in fear of getting kicked off the tour or sent home or didn't sit back home man Or So now I, so now I can see my man slipping and I don't even wanna say nothing 'cause I don't know if he don't agree with me that he might get mad at. So it's cool when, when you like, 'cause most niggas in your position they not even listening to them. Niggas ain't never did. I gotta put them niggas on. I'm spending my money. I ain't, you feel what I'm saying? They closed their ears. Right. Niggas get money and their ears close faster than a motherfuckers.


Exactly. Now they ain't even teachable. They ain't even talk to them. You can't even talk to these niggas no more because just because a nigga rap good now. He know everything. That's real. He ain't lying though. Think about that. Nah, he ain't Lying. A nigga rap good so he know everything and it's like come on bro. You if if you a rapping I always say this, if you a rapper and you don't got no niggas around that can check you, you in trouble man. Right. If you ain't got a nigga like yo, this shit ain't looking right man, get to the truck nigga, come on, we outta this fuck conditions get to the Truck and it, it ain't about chicken the nigga it just, it just check it nigga just take it the wrong way.


You know what I'm Saying? Checking is dog checking is just a form of correction. Just not being a yes man. That's all. That's all it is. Checking ain't no I talk crazy that this your man checking is a form of correction. For real. You feel me? Oh my man about to crash out over a bitch and I'm shoot the niggas dog, dog. We don't do that nigga. Fuck you talking about? Man fuck that bitch man. Exactly that. That shit's a form of correction yo dog. Man go smoke a blunt man you tripping man. Fuck that hoe man. She throw a nigga dick in her mouth like a motherfucker like she is at the motherfucker Out man no each other man this dick bitch. Right. Like like there ain't nobody bitch this dick bitch like you feel What I'm, 'cause the reality is most rappers that's up.


That's winning in life. Not all the time but most of the time when they beefing is over a bitch we ain't got nothing else to beef about. You got ferra, I got Ferrara five 90%. You right you got Ferraris. I got Ferraris. You got a 20,000 square foot house mine. 16,000 square foot house. Yeah you fly private. I fly private. Why Would we other than that nigga with my bitch man No That shit Tennessee bitch man that that shit bitch when you got a show in Tennessee That's Also a bunch of other niggas bitches when they got in Tennessee. So for real that's how it would be. You feel what I'm saying? So I respect that, that that you like No we teach each other.


I learned from niggas ain't. Yeah because you can learn something from anybody real time. You know what I mean? One of the, one of the, one of the main niggas that can give you game the most is niggas that lost the most. Exactly. Exactly. And they could definitely give you a game on what not the fuck to do. They can't tell you what the fuck to do to win 'cause they ain't never won. But they can tell you Don don't, don't go down that road. Yeah they got me on Finn. They been There before. Yeah that's real. Yeah Because they been there And they didn't experience the Yeah Now to the crew. Sure. Tell the camera y'all names and tell 'em you know why they should be tapped into y'all.


Oh boy. I go by paper I woo. You know what I mean? Oh shit. Y'all need to be tapped into me because shit, I'm up coming. I'm hot right now and shit. I got a lot of shit to say and shit and I need y'all listen to this shit, you know what I mean? You can't man Locked this shit man. You shit got another. We got you gotta tell how long, how long been locked in? Oh shit man we been locked in for so goddamn long folks since we not rap buddies. I mean I I mean I watch y'all last interview you was coming and ask about me. I'm here now baby. Yeah 40 fuck up though.


He 41. I bookie Man he look like he was dangerous though because he looked like he was get you in that paint. He got a different kind of look though. He looked like he could lay up. He looked like he might have shot a few niggas in his top. He looked like a lot like he looked like he did a one and a half to three. He He did that for real. Look I did that. See how good I read niggas. Yeah I did that. But you look like you changing your Life. I changed my drastically from shit since back then. Shit. You can't tell me nothing. You can't pay me to go to jail and shit right now. You can't pay me to go do. How Did you get outta that mindset? How? Because I went did time when I was young nigga.


You feel what I'm saying? Like I did time when I was like 16 all way. I mean like what the, I wanna say what 16 to 18 and shit like just being in that motherfucker. Jesus that ain't shit I want to do. Been around a lot of niggas is all this fing and this and that and I don't be having time for that shit. What I'm saying So the fact that he did five as a juvenile then one back and did 20, he loved being around a lot of niggas. That's what you're saying. Nah nigga just No you can keep it real Boy. It ain't even that but sometimes nephew You can keep it real nasty sometimes. Yeah you go do five you you that shit should just wake you up like nah I just went did five year juvenile. You see how niggas was fucking with you when you was doing that five.


Right. You feel like you don't be hearing from a lot of niggas and shit. Oh no They don't. Nobody Bitches and shit. It is over. You feel me? Like you don't get the same love that you gonna get out on the street. So I don't want to be that person that's up in the motherfucking cell like not getting no love all that. That ain't what I do. I don't like being around a lot of niggas. You feel what I'm saying? 24 7. Oh this lady right here. She ain't number 21. She four years older than me and I gotta listen to her but when niggas go to jail, niggas be faulty. This shit like 21. You gotta listen, you don't wanna do that, you know what I'm saying? How did you, I don't wanna do that. How did you create your sound? How did I create my sound And What makes you different? What makes you sound? Shit I created my sound shit. It was boom and boom shit we was just trying shit when we young niggas bro and shit.


The the city was fucking with it. I be on and off with that shit like they stayed with the rapping shit like I was on and off 'cause I was in jail and hooping and shit. So that shit have just come but when it's time to go rap, I'm gonna go rapping, make some more shit. You know I fuck With you. Right. Stop throwing that hooping shit out there like yeah Man. But that's what it was though because I wasn't no consistent rapper like they was like they was rapping. Yeah I wasn't rapping, I was just all over this motherfucker. Yeah, yeah. How long did it take you to realize That the rap game was better than the Street game? Shit when I, shit I think I went on tour like three years. I went mix tape then you know I shit.


Damn it took you that long. I would've been like when that nigga pulled up with eight calls I was going, I was going on, I was, I was doing this shit with do too though. When DOL was alive, like I was coming to little shit watching him pick up 30, having like a hundred thousand hour weekends. You feel what I'm saying? A hundred thousand hour weekends. That shit lit. You feel what I'm saying? You leave this club, you go here, we flying there shit. Shit better than the street folk. This shit, the street gonna be here when nigga dead and gone tell 'em. Yeah You feel what I'm saying? Shit, this shit just round just for don't make your money, get out this shit and enjoy life. You feel me? In the streets. The streets retire and draft niggas every day Bro. Every day bro. They retired niggas every day in draft me niggas every day come on with the first pick low shoot 'em up from West Philly.


YI Ain't got no money. I just got guns. My, my, my gun is bigger than my bankroll. I got a big ass gun. I got $60 in my pocket. I ain't, I'm going to jail. I ain't got no lawyer. I'm going with a pd. He going gimme 11,000 years. They gonna sentence me like I'm a fucking tree. Like I could fucking live there long. We send you to 11,894 fucking years. Like you a fucking tree up as fuck. Nah for real Face offense too. Real talk. They gonna slam so they gonna Slam the Shit out. You so I, I respect that you was able to get your mind right at a young age. 'cause most niggas they go in early juvenile, they come home, they go back, come home, go back, keep lying to God and shit.


When in they, God you let me out this time. I promise you you ain ain't never coming back. They they be, you know they be in there Muslim, Christian all doing all they be praying like a motherfucker God let 'em right and they come right home. We the strap as nigga. Alright you going back nigga you lied to God. I'm glad you was smart enough to be like man I, I'm at a young age 'cause most niggas when they young they think hanging around niggas is cool. You see these niggas doing FaceTimes from jail. These niggas do FaceTimes from jail like they still on streets. Yeah we up here. Yeah these pussies running yo you niggas is about to get life man. That's what you niggas got on your mind up there feel me?


So I'm glad you was able to smart that. Tell him who you is now. I'm zo trap lot man. How y'all should tap in with me? Shit, I'm a just an authenticy little nigga. Shit. I don't get no sharper than that. Straight up. Yeah I seen Neff perform on, on on a motherfucker on his phone. He gotta go jump on the stage. He get that money. Yeah nigga he get that money. Look at it. He got the mic on. Kill that shit. I seen his performance. Right. He, he had performed the other night and he was singing this shit word for word man.


So I was in there asking him how it felt and it and, and it felt good for me as a OG to see a young nigga that I'm just meeting him now. That he was just blowing when he was saying that shit like yo, he was singing my shit word for word man. They was fucking with me man. And I'm just like damn look at the young nigga man. He he really getting that first taste and like damn this shit is going down. I'm one of them niggas right now. We was singing my shit worth, worth the whole audience And I like to see that shit man. And I told you I was proud of you in there and I ain't even knew you nothing. So I'm gonna tell you that I'm proud of you on camera. Appreciate it. You feel me Appreciate It. My how's feeling?


I Tell the truth nigga don't lie nigga Ain't lie. It feel good like, but you know what I'm saying, it feel like I'm really just, I I wouldn't say used to it like but I work for this shit bro. Like this shit didn't come overnight for me so shit, it be like shit do what I grind for. So it just feel kind of like smooth sail like oh this what I, this is what I'm doing so I just gotta stick, stick at that shit. If it would've came overnight for me then I'd probably been fuck you know what I'm saying? Not knowing what the fuck to do. You see what I'm saying? But I just work for this shit. Yeah. Alright Now you this boy be in Atlanta. Hey we popping it off. You be going crazy man.


This nigga you the CEO You would think he was YCE he was Okay. That's a good He be he nigga You look like the CEO Money. Tell him, tell him what you got going on man. Tell him who you is today. Don't know Ken Money. What I know what I'm saying. You gotta tap in on me. I'm gonna show you how to get some money. I tell you how to get some. I just be working man. I be doing what I do kick with my folks. You gonna see me. That's what I be doing man. I'm working. Get into some money, Get into it. Got to. That's The fuck I'm talking about. I love to see some young niggas shining man. And I ain't gonna lie man that shit over there man.


I don't know what the fuck you got that that shit Got cold right Now. That motherfucker hitting different. He not playing. That nigga ain't playing Boogie man. That nigga shot. How the nigga out the motherfucker pink joint? I don't know what that motherfucker for 400,000. Right? That's more than That. Yeah I'm talking about the fucking watch. I don't know what the fuck that trade is. 300. This a Richard. That's a Richard. I never seen a pink bump. They only made like That's a different format Too. 60. Like 60 These with the collection. What collection? Bun Bond, whatever that is.


I got one. I got one though. Yeah. I mean that's when they, that's when niggas get money. He don't even know what the fuck the BU collection. I think it was the bun. Yeah that was the extra 50 for this one. Now what what's your favorite song on album? My favorite song personally made a way made away. Because you made way. Yeah most definitely. Most definitely. Yeah. 3M in Tokyo That I really didn't even record that for the album. It just, it worked its way on it. That's the one that joint, that joint hit.


But yeah, it, it is definitely the One now this your first night so we gonna be here, we giving the people a all access backstage looking to the start off Uhoh to to the tour. So the night I know you got, you got, I know you gonna go crazy. The line, we got that line, that line was from here all the way to Houston. I swear the line was stupid. They out there turned out they ready. So you know you ready to go out there and get my medley. Most you may get 'em all types of hits. Oh yeah, it it, it's Finn be a festivity. How many songs you performing? Like 30 Damn 2, 5, 30. Shit, it's an hour. 60 minutes. Yeah that's worth it. 60 minutes, six figures.


He Chop, he chop. Woo. 60 minutes, six fiftys chop up. That sound good Run shit I ain like I ain 30 something. I ain't even know 30 Fuck songs because you only doing like a verse Smooth like A verse. Yeah a verse bang getting Like 2000 a minute Man. It's like until I, until I'm gone I'm always play do music. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? If I'm on the stage they gonna hear do music as well. So So some of them 30 going to be do on too. Yeah. Yeah for sure. It's just how I am. Yeah you I mean that's how but that's how you supposed to be. Nah, for Real because, Because when we look back we looking at a nigga who put you on.


Yeah. Okay. Feel what I'm saying? So it's only right that you say I'm gonna hold my nigga down forever. For sure. 'cause without that nigga and understood, without him being here, it may not be no me. Right. You feel what I'm saying? Right. And if the nigga was here, we'd probably be, he'd probably be the only nigga that I did a tour with. Yeah for sure. Open Up for it for sure. But because, but but, but now it's, it is different. It ain't even now at this stage in life where you at and where and where he would've been and ain't no opening up this is cold headlines. Exactly. Because you got just as many motherfuckers coming out to see you as he not coming out to see him.


Right. So now you just add all them in the pot and now the venue is is 10, 10,000. Exactly. You feel what I'm saying? Right. So and and and you not even looked at as like a a a a opening up because y'all niggas would've had songs together. Y'all on stage together and shit kill shit, shit. You feel what I'm saying? Then he go off, then you do your set, then he come on, can you run back on stage with him? So it ain't no it is, that would've been we going on tour big bro. I miss this Shit. I'm say this, I'm gonna say this. I just want commend you, I want to commend you and salute you 'cause I'm gonna tell you some shit.


That's my big cousin too. You know what I mean? I couldn't imagine. You know what I mean? It, you know I will push because I know he would want me to push and go on. Right. But it's just like, it it, it take a whole lot to keep going but, but he proud of you and I and one thing about it, he leads you with a lot of game because the last time we saw him we was in a patchwork studio. Yeah. And the game that he gave us about dealing with the music business from, I'm talking about he bringing it down. No, you gotta put the equalizer on YouTube, then you put the, the vi the visualizer, then you gotta put the word he break that shit down like it's the streets. Yeah. He will break the music game that you gotta put 200,000 into, put 200,000 into a song. Put this here. He broke that shit down like it was a package.


Yeah. I'm talking about. So it was so, so it was a blessing man. And I know he proud of you. He's great. And you gonna get out here tonight and kill it. So what we ready to do is we ready to go out here. Oh yeah, y'all go on stage too? Oh yeah. Oh. So oh yeah. This be familiar man. This Ray to be a movie. You ready to catch everybody bread? This the tour that's behind the scenes. I'm talking about the D Glockaveli. The D is out there now? Yeah. Is number one on, on hip hop, apple number four and all kind on, all on all categories. And it's gonna keep going up man. But we right here, this is the tour. I'm telling you. This is day one Dallas. We ready to go turn it up right now. I might even, I might even, I might even drop a verse or something. Stay die. I might, I might drop a verse.


I ain gonna stay. You let him jump in the crowd head first. Shit. He gonna throw some idiot up. I tell him he done. I ain go and check this show I give you ready to go and check the show. I'll give you the behind the scene Access. Real. You not seen this before man. Hey, hey she ain't with me. Hey if you see her, she not with me. Me all. I don't got nothing to do do with that Ain ain't nut cracking the fuck up. So you think about my old ass on the ground. He laughing. He's gonna laugh. The music gonna stop ambulance and you be all like this chalk you out.


I fucking the show up for 30 minutes got me all on the motherfucking joint. Rolling All you all on the sha room. Fucking the show. They gonna see you in the air. Slow bro. Boom. Turn it up man. Show let's get One. When y'all shit, shit dog. Who you a fan of bro? You a fan. I could tell. You know why We the Most famous. Well listen, you know how I could tell because I was looking at her like this and I glanced over to You was like, I was like Hold up.


So right about this nigga Energy. What Team You like Dallas? Okay, hands plane. America's Team, America team Bro. You realize Y ain't wants us. Don't Matter. You still don't. Still don't. Right. But ain't want. But listen to this team. But listen to this. I just want you to realize the reality y'all ain't once since they took cocaine out the league. You know we play y'all week one. Right? Week one of this year we play y'all. Right. When we, when we, when our band go up and we get our, we play Dallas week one.


When we get up, when our band go up and we get our rings So I'm just going to give you a preview now months in advance. So when you see it, you be like, damn OG told me that Sunday morning I'm gonna be standing on my truck and I'm gonna say, ain't it a coincidence we play the Dallas Cowboys on Ring Day. Just the closest you motherfuckers won. Get to a ring in the history of your fucking franchise. And then I'm gonna say gimme my fucking theme music. Boom Boom, Blow the whistles. Alright. So just know when it come across your timeline.


Just know I already got my shit planned for week one. It is May. Why would God do that to y'all? Send y'all to our ring ceremony. Jay Jones have a fucking heart attack in the beginning of the game man. You gotta sit through that shit man. I cook this shit out that old ass nigga Man. Oh you Nigga. I don't even play old niggas man. I told you that playing that nigga like doing a cone drill. You ain't gonna score Five points on me. I know. Serious.


I score. I scored five points on Donvan Mitchell. You think ain ain't score five points on this nigga Don't play on defense. Hell you talking about that. Why all man that why in Cancun right now nigga ain't Cancun. You don't play on defense. Too little give. That's what they all say man. Man I don't want hear that shit. You too, too little. As long as my wife don't tell me that I'm good nigga. You. I mean she ain't never told me that. She said he be more That's a hell of a piece right there young man. And that ring you acting fucking stupid man.


Yeah but most ain ain't look at myself. Most niggas that is be chilling. That's why God put 'em there every chance. Look at us. We be chilling y'all nigga. That's, I just got a knife to Close. That's a little more than Jelly. Think be having a 5,000 fiddle? No, I'm just chilling. Damn nigga kid fly. Must be 10,000 real top. How old are You? I'm 48. Who? 48?


I'm still young but I'm still old. I got three grandkids. Two, I be 55 and two. Oh get the hell you just graduated high school right before me. She talk. She talking. I got you. I got you. Soon as she was, soon as she was singing on her way out at the, at the 12th grade I was coming in to the next level one Time.


Can we take this shit to the next level? One time crowd, something like this bitch up. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, Hold up, hold on, Hold up, hold on, Hold up. Light this bitch up. Put them cameras, put the lights on. Tone it up. Light it up, rest. Light it up it. This shit. Y'all ready? Y'all ready?


Let's get it baby. Let's get in baby. Come on. Come on man. Come on y'all. When he This shit. Y'all better shake the fucking building. Y'all ready?


I say say Hill. I say say I appreciate you. I.