
Hey. Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Right. You're down tuned into million dollars worth of boxing. Yes. Yes. You know what we got? You got the Champ right here. Got the champion. The newly champed. The newly champ. Yo, They, the guy just got his belt. KEYSHAWN DAVIS the businessman. What's up bro? Man, what's up? I told you we was coming to get you N Yeah, we coming. I said when the time permit we going to come get you. Now you a world champion. World champion. Yeah. And we gonna salute you now.


Shoot you. You hear me? What's up? So now you're 135 pound champion. It's you, it's Shakur, it's Tank, it's Loman, Chico? Yeah. Oh That's a little dangerous. That, That, it's like pick your poison for real with that. That's dangerous. You know what I'm saying? Like anybody that's trying to become world champ 1 35 is like who you going to fight? That's dangerous. Who you think that It's not no easiest fight. Like who you gonna fight and each fight is gonna be a mega fight. I feel like 1, 3, 5 division is definitely like the best division in the, in the sport right now. So. So when you say like, how do it go? So now it go like who is the the next in line, like the num, like outside of the everybody that got the belt, who is next up?


Like who was under them? Whoever. Who number one ranked person that you, Whoever number one in that division. That sanctioning body. Well who number one in that division At WBO. Yeah. I don't know. I can't look behind me. You looking in front of you won a champion Man. For sure. For sure. Would you take a, you'd take a tank Davis fight next? Hell Yeah, I would take a take. Hell yeah I'd take a tank Davis fight for sure. I Don't know. Simple. I don't know now, now, now. That's what I'm saying. That's the only reason I'm saying I don't know. He tos down, down tank beat. What's up? Tank. Ah man I think it'd be a lot of body and fender work man. And you might be the car man.


Tank is dangerous man. All dangerous bro. I'm telling you he dangerous. It's like, it is like it like it's like you get in there, you know for me studying him, you get up in there, he gonna let you do your thing. He gonna figure it out. He gonna let you feel as though you winning. You might even be winning on the cards. And then he gonna go into crazy mode and then it's like it get dangerous in there. Get treacherous in there. And I know everybody got they own they, they own outlook of it. But I ain't seen nobody get past it yet. So that's why I'm just like, oh Tank Tank could beat anybody ass. For sure. Now you gotta realize too like bro 30 and oh so y'all done seen this man, his Experience Over 20 times I can say 'cause his first 10 fights Y ain't known y'all done see this man a lot of times, you know what I'm saying?


I'm 13 and oh and I'm already getting compared to the face of boxing. So you gotta put things in perspective like I'm not, I'm not in this position because like I just been getting over, I just been winning now I've been making real noise. Mm. Making real noise Outside of that. You know I'm an Olympian, I travel the world. I didn't see a lot of different styles and stuff like that as well. You know what I'm saying? So and Tank at the end of the day. Tank? No me bro. Tank no nothing. Tank. No. Like he crazy nigga, I'm gonna get crazy with you. Alright now what about, what about Shakur? What about him like fighting him? Yeah. Nah, I never fight Shakur. Nah. Even Though Hold up y'all in the same rank. I know y'all, I know y'all, I know y'all homies brothers who? Somebody gotta get all the belts like Don.


So what if you got two belts? Shakur got two belts and he puts a shitload of money for like y'all gotta teared up. I mean I mean bro like it gotta be like a shit load of money bro. 'cause y'all, y'all would never fight each other. I whooped in nigga y'all would never fight each right. Real We be here sir, I specialize martial arts so I through window, I'm a black belt. 13 times you a black Belt. Oh, 13. Okay then I got 13 belts. Okay. You know how to kicking all that. Yes, yes for sure. People through car, windows, doors, all type of shit off of roofs. It is crazy. But, but my whole thing is saying listen you, you got, you got four belts to be and you get all em belts to be the undisputed, right?


Yeah. You wanna be undisputed. So how do you go, you gotta fight L Chino, you gotta fight tank or somebody gotta, y'all four gotta fight some type of way. Right? I'll fight Loma for sure. Like I would love to fight him my next fight for sure. And they saying like either he gonna retire, he had one more fight. I would love to fight him my next fight. For sure. For sure. And we both on the top rank, you know what I'm saying? I think that's a not think that's a easy fight to make. It's gonna be out Las Vegas. Should I live out Las Vegas? I would love to fight Loma Chaco next, but I just would never fight Shakur bro. I just, I won't, I really won't like money don't make me bro. I Understand that. You know what I'm saying? We come from nothing. So the so, so the position I'm at right now, I can say I made it like we come from nothing my nigga, I'm a world champ and I made a lot of, I made great money, you know what I'm saying?


So, but money don't make me bro. So at the end of the day, the only way you will ever be an an undisputed champion is if lmo get the belts or if tank get the belts and you gotta fight to beat one of them basically If l more a tank. So Some no soor had to lose the belt to somebody. Man, let tell you something too pu I man fuck undisputed That don't mean nothing. That don't Mean each belt. Why don't mean that each belt, each belt you gotta get, you gotta pay for the s at the end of the day, if you really wanna be technical at the end of the day US fighters that's promoting these belts and sectional bodies, we keeping them then we keeping them alive. We keeping the sanctioning bodies alive. Us fighters that be like, yo, I'm a world champ, I'm a IBF world champ, W world champ.


We getting they lit so they can keep charging us for this what champion or NBA finals or Super Bowl, you know, gotta pay, gotta pay for, gotta pay to be a champion. That that's why like Tank never really, really technically really wanted to be a world champ because small like that it is like he know he gonna get the section about these lit. Like I know the supporter boxing my business, my name is the businessman for a real reason, you know. So I don't give a fuck about okay becoming undisputed you gotta pay for the S right. Why gotta pay for something that I earned. Right. Come on man. Stop Saying it is the title. So because it more likely your whole thing is like people just wanna watch great fights. They don't care if you got belts or not. Basically what you saying. Exactly. For Sure. They just wanna watch fights as action packed for sure.


Somebody get knocked out, somebody getting warmed up for sure. And that's, and that's what it's about, Javonte versus you know Ryan Garcia, I'm only speaking this 'cause my weight class but Javante versus Ryan Garcia, that wasn't for no world title fight. I know that was for respect. That was for respect. He Ryan Garcia run the Mexicans tank, Brenda the blacks, they fought. It's always a big fight versus Mexico versus our culture. You know what I'm, it was a big fight and they both made a lot of money off the, it was not for no world title fight. What you wanna do next? You wanna fight the, the top attendant in your class. You wanna fight for a belt? What you, what is it that you wanna do? I wanna fight a name. I wanna fight a name that one of y'all like one of the casuals, you know like I'm a world champion now.


So like I can dangle down they face like yo world title, like you wanna come fight for the world title. Who wouldn't wanna fight for the world title, you know? So I just wanna a name in there bro. Like I made my name fighting off no names, you know what I'm saying? So I feel like me just getting a a recognizable name in there is definitely going to catapult my my Career. So your whole thing, when you say casual I see that your whole thing is like a lot of the people that's buying the pay-per-view coming to the fights, they people that really don't even know about boxing 'cause you say casual, right? For sure they just a casual fan. That's not deep into it. For sure. And your whole thing is like, it seems like the sport of boxing is like boxing is more about outside the ring than in the ring now. Nah, for sure. That's why social media plays a big game in this, you know, like I'm, I can say I'm a star in the sport of boxing but the sport of boxing is so small, you know, now I'm, it's trying to be a star outside of the sport of boxing and then become a superstar.


You know it's, it is levels to, you know, and I can honestly say I'm a star in the sport of boxing but that's not enough. Alright, now who is, if You fight Tank Davis, will you beat him and why? I would not tank out. Just off the strength though. What? Nah, nah, nah. You not knocking no tank. I might be a casual but I'm just saying I, I need people like That. I didn't see no I'm just saying bro. So could be fucked up. So when I put a little slip In, I'm just saying this, I'm just saying she gonna Smack Seventh round. I'm gonna just say this bro. What's up seventh round? He say seventh Round. Watch. Watch The seventh. I'm just saying that's when he get crazy. That's they, that's when They crazy. That's he always say, he always say this when we had take fights he be like, because it is almost like the sixth round. He about to get crazy now.


No, No because listen, that's what He about to go in the foster child. The Whole twist is He all types of you not foster, foster child watch. Well I'm telling you. No, what I'm saying is that's when you talking that right now you're not. No I think seventh round. Nah, you got your, your pillow, you got your pillow and your blanket. Nah, you lay, you, you got your pillow in your blanket and you in the corner and you, no matter how loud it is in there, you just there. I Can't take s it serious. He funny as hell. You snoring Ain't got you snoring the pillow in the blanket you laying there. Hey right There. All your hands used, you snore. I'm like yo, get up. He sn get up man.


Holy shit. Business. You gotta handle your business. Nah, you sleeping and shit. I'm telling you that. He Wake up, you got ahead of your business. Do not be, it don't be like that. Nah, like one thing about me bro. First, first, first thing first. He's not knocking me out. That's number one. Mm bro it is not knocking me out. So bro, it's not knocking me out. But he do stop Everything. So why wouldn't He knock you out? He stopped. He ain't stopped no motherfucker. The Garcia dude, I'm not talking about Ryan, I'm talking about the other Garcia. He stop but he broke his face. He broke the Face. Yeah. That's a Stop. He he ain't knocked Cz out. He stopped. He ain't knocked Isaac Cruz out. No He didn't babe. He broke his face. He was actually Ing with Isaac Cruz But his hand was fucked his hand up. Yeah, for sure. Liket look like.


I ain't going straight. Talk about cu cu come from nothing. Just like come from nothing. You know what I'm saying? Cu come from Fox. Like cu cu is nice. Cu is definitely nice at the end of the day, but I'm the, I'm the new, I'm the new, the new, I'm the new, I'm the new generation. Let ask, ask you a question, lemme ask you a question.


This episode a million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by DraftKings. Hey basketball fans, are you ready to win real money? Check out pick six from DraftKings when it comes to basketball payouts draft King pick six dunks on its rivals including prize picks. When you hit all your picks, you slam home higher. Minimum payouts on pick six than flex plays on prize picks. And best of all, you win even more cash if you poster rise the competition. Track your picks for a shot of huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. Don't settle for smaller payouts. Switch to pick six in cash in your basketball knowledge. New players get 50 and pick six credits instantly on just $5 entry. That's $50. And pick six credit instantly with just a $5 in with just the $5 entry. The fund of basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings, Download the DraftKings Pick Six app NOW and use Code GILLIE. That's code Gilly for new customers. Play $5 and get 50 and pick six credits. Better pay out bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Wear it DraftKings Gambling Problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six not available everywhere including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawable. Pick six Credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer see terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Take there 30 and oh right He 30 and oh how wait three zero Didn't You say that? I think he 30. Yeah I know he got 30 fights. Alright But whatever You got 13 right? For sure. Experience is something different Though. Experience is a motherfucker. That shit that That experience is is like, it is like alright for instance you know but break his ass down. I go in the gym. I know, I'm just saying I go in the gym with Boozy. Right? Me and him got the same level of black belts. But the only thing that's different is he a little more older than me. So he know, he know he was with k Roddy Earl. Yeah my, my OGs and them. He, he was around there with Chuck Norris and them, you know 'cause Bozi old, he was around them bulls.


So it's that he know from Chuck Norris, dragon Fried Jones and that I might don't know even though we got the same amount of belts. So that don't always mean that experience is crazy. He was around when I wasn't even around. I keep saying say about the belts man what's I got? I got 13 black belts man. That's why I gotta put my shit. I always let my people people know so we don't get mixed up. It's different over here. It's crazy. That's from experience. So my whole thing is you only got one 13. 13. Yeah you got 13. It's a lot of experience. But what I'm saying is that experience is crazy now. It Is because, because it's like you know how to reset. You know how to just in the moments of that, when they get hot, you know how to turn the AC on. When, when, when, when you hear the, when you hear the police coming you know how to run.


It's it's certain like all that in the ring. You need to know that. You need to know when they get on your bike. Yeah but ain't no police in the ring though. Yes It is. When when that motherfucker hits you in the hit you in the right spot boo. Hey you start running this when the body of fender work happened, that's when the police come and Wallow. Look though. Woo. You think I got power? You think I could punch? No I Seen you. You can punch. No he Called me. So when I nigga Beast you can punch. I seen you. We need to get that tomorrow. Like No you saying though? I'm saying like when I punch him like you see how Frank you know his last fight, his last opponent was punching him. You think bro gonna keep letting me punch him like that? No he got, he got a dip game. He know What he did. He got dip game. So you saying shit dude do I do I got good defense.


YouTube Both of y'all good. Y'all good. It's just that you see what I'm saying? No listen this is but ain Ain't even done Ain ain't even done breaking it down though. Go bring it down. See experience it is a motherfucker. Right. The thing that he didn't get coming into the pros is international experience. I got international experience to where I done travel all around the world to see all type of styles. I done went to the Olympics. He never did that. He never got, he never got the full amateur experience that I got. The reason why I'm 13, no fight for World Title. Did y'all know Tank at 13? Oh was he fight for World at 13? I just, I just was finding out about Tank at probably about 10 and 11. 10. Oh but did he have a world title though? It's a's a's a is a difference I think. Think he got his world title like 16 and oh 16. Oh with with Raza type shit.


And I was watching that fight going for his, but it's a difference like coming into this, I came into this differently. I'm arguing with undisputed champions like that and Earl Spit responded to me like it's is just different. And the reason why y'all comparing me to the face of boxing right now. You know? And you say I got power, I got defense. I got, I'm not no dumb in there. Just like he ain't no dumb in there. There's a lot of things he do in fights that he would never do against KEYSHAWN DAVIS take, there's a lot of things I do in fights I would never do against a ante. And you, what you gotta realize is me and Javonte, we go back from to the amateurs before all even kicked off like have a fight as amateurs. We sparred. Oh who got the best in sparring?


We keep sparring. Sparring. All right we keep Sparring. I'm gonna say this though. I'm gonna say this. I Can say something but ain ain't gonna say nothing. Who got the best I'm gonna say it off Camera. No. Who got the best? Who got the best in sparring? If he gonna say it, he gonna try to say, if gonna say I'm gonna say I'm, nah it not. It is not the best of sparring. It is a situation that happened in Sparr. Alright. But I'm gonna say this though. You, you Ain't dropping. I'm gonna say this though. Come On. Stop this though. No I ain't going for nothing. I don't m gonna say this though. So invincible. I this got, man I'm gonna say this though. I'm gonna say you fuck did you stop him? 'cause Man I'm gonna say it off camera man. Oh I'm gonna say this though. 'cause Ain ain't going to even do all that.


Let me say this though. We gonna leave sparring this Sparr, let's leave Poring this leave spa because I, anyway, I'm gonna say this though. I'm gonna say this. You wrong about something. What's Up Tank? Who? I tank. Duke got international boxing experience. He fought a bunch of Mexicans. Man they not from, that's not America. That's international. And you fight them. They don't even be feeling most of the time. That's a Fact. So that's if you can fight them and beat them, you can fight any body in the world because you got throwing a thousand punches, you hitting them and it's like you hitting a brick wall. Come on man. Different You talking about the business man bro. This international boxing though. The Man business man you talking be the business man bro.


Bro. Take no think about his coach Kit. Yeah Kenny keep bringing my name up. All Kenny. A legend. This Kenny. No bro now all a sudden will gimme respect. He started getting respect when I fought that Mexican I went 10 rounds with mcg ano he started giving real respect after I fought him. Kenny's A legend. Yeah. Niggas no bro is hoping, really is hoping I go to one 40. That's the fact. I don't think they Hoping K ain't hoping about nothing. You mean from me, from I ain from Baltimore. I'm from Baltimore. Tank is not wor, he's not worrying about none of that. You talking about he hoping he crazy. Why the fuck would he be hoping he go listen crazy. Listen, listen I'm gonna tell you this, I'm gonna tell you this. I'm gonna tell you this, this shit Listen To what you need to do is you need to go to the mattress store and figure out which type of mattress you want to have in a arena.


He talking and You bet put your money where your mouth ist and don't bet fan or draft Kings nigga. Bet me Nigga bet you a Lock. I judge because I know if this little door ass nigga send me a contract, I hope he send me a contract. I'm gonna bet on my guy. How tall are you? I'm gonna bet somebody in the streets zone. How tall Are you? I'm five nine and a half with a seven with a seven with a 70 inch, you know reach How tall is tank? Five? Five. He probably like five two. I'm gonna say that. That shit don't mean that don't mean that They like, Alright I'm gonna just say this, I'm gonna say this. Get punched for sure. He box got little boxes say this, but he fighting the businessman bro.


What do Tank do better than you and what do you do Better than Tank? What does I do better than me? Just 'cause he proved it a lot of times. He cannot it out better than me. Okay. He proved it more times to me Because I I I just say You but he never, he never knocked me out. Nothing like that though. You know how, you know how Mom? What you do better than Tank? What I do better than Tank? Honestly, I'm just overall inside and outside the ring. I'm smarter than Tank. I got wisdom, real wisdom. I'm gonna say this, I'm gonna say this at the end of the day, you know mom be like Bobby Ke keyshawn, you gotta go to school tomorrow. So you gotta be the bed by seven.


Tank gonna put you to bed by seven. By seven. You gonna be in to bed by seven, bro. What is you talking about? I don't know. Boxing. I No more short. I you, I need you commentate I this Fucking boxing. I need you to commentating for that fight. I promise You. Oh no, no. You Don't want to commentate. Say when I start putting hands on This way, you don't want me to commentate. Listen, listen, I'm telling you right now 'cause being as though you know business, this what I'm going to do for you for sure because I know business too. I know sponsors and boxing is about sponsorship a lot for I'm gonna get you a pillow sponsor, a mattress sponsor and a sheet sponsor. And I'm gonna get you a night Quil sponsor. Yeah, Go ahead and do that. Go ahead do that because listen, when light skin fall on the ground like that, you know I can use all that for sponsorship. Listen man, I'm you giving a free pillow as a comforters.


I'm telling you man. Yeah, but but outside of that, 'cause I already know you'll be sleep at seven but I'm gonna just get to Something else. Outside. Outside. Listen outside. No, no, because this is what I wanna know. Talk to You. I understand it'd be paydays right with us, but you never hear a lot of us as black fighters calling the Mexican boys and the other boys out like that, like Loma Chino. You ain't call him out like that. You ain't say nothing about lmo. You, you said Loma Chino. You said his name low. I don't know. I don't know. I'm just saying. All right. So what you're saying though, I don't Know if you really, you know what I mean? You Don't know if I really wanna fight him. I don't know. You don't know if I really wanna fight Chenko. Yeah. See y'all don't really know me like bro, I I but before I just Shit outta somebody.


No off air. Off air. You was just saying yo like who you really wanna fight Just chopping up with me like who you really wanna fight? I said honestly I don't nobody. I already wanna fight nobody. You know ain't my dream fight. Right? I said that off air. I fight any of them. I fight any, I fight any of them. So everybody outside of Shakur. Yeah everybody is lunch food for me, like I'll fight one. Damn. It's like I just know the business Chenko is on his way. He got one more fight to he retire or he around just retire and he get to choose. He in a position where he get to choose who he want to


fight. This episode of million Dollars Mworthofgame is bought to you by Rocket Money. You signed up for something, forget about it. Trial period ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there but you're not using them. Thanks to Rocket Money. I can see my subscriptions in one place and cancel them once I'm not using them anymore and save money. So now you got all these subscriptions on your phone. Rocket Money has it right there. Line the, I don't use that no more. Boop, let me save that little $7. I don't use that no more. Ah, let me save that to the, ah look all of these, I'm just spending money. I don't even use these anymore. Ah, let me get rid of that. Let me uns. So Rocket Money is saving people a lot of money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings easily. Create a personalized budget for Custom Cate. Easily create a personalized budget with custom categories that help keep your spending on track. See your monthly spending trends in each category to know exactly where your money is going. Rocket Money has over 5 million users that have saved over 500 million in canceled subscriptions. I had a lot of, I had, I did have a lot of things on my phone that I didn't, I was subscribed to but I wasn't even watching, wasn't even paying attention. Got Rocket Money, WPP got 'em right out of there. Save me some money. So subscribe to Rocket Money right now. Cancel all your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash dollars today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash dollars. D-O-L-L-A-Z. Save your money right now. Rocket Money


right Tank. So I, I don't know where I'm at on his, on his totem pole. Where if he gonna choose me, you know what I'm saying? So I'm not gonna be calling a little Pacheco out when it's possibly that is never gonna happen. I'm not about to fool the fans. I'm not about to trick the fans out. Nothing. I tank Saying he gonna retire too though. Tank T ain't retiring. T got too much unfinished business. He gotta fight in the sport of boxing before he retired. He ain't gotta fight nobody. That's my opinion. He he don't, 'cause he's Richt ain't gotta fight nobody. He's rich. He right, he don't. But you saying also legacy but also on respect level for Legacy for our culture. Who he Gotta fight. He Gotta fight out me and Shakur. Mm What about that? He gotta fight Al Jaco. What about Devin? What about him? Devvin gotta get his, get back with Ryan Garcia. Devvin got Devvin got his own going up and I'm not disrespecting Devin.


He gotta get his, get back with Ryan Garcia, however that work out whatever tank. Either me or Shakur. He ain't gotta do it though. He don't. But do you think that his legacy up if he don't fight you or Shakur? No, I, I don't, I he a casual so I mean that means more. No it don't. 'cause like who, listen, lemme explain something to you. Listen. All, all, all, all the, all the greats had to fight somebody, some, some grates. You, you had to bro. So, So hold. So you mean to tell me Tank ain't fighting? No great. So what is you talking about? Who, who was great that he fought real shit like real shit greats. Lemme explain something to you. Lemme just say this.


Say a lemme say a name. I don't wanna hear no explanation. Explanation. So he ain't fight nobody that's going to the Hall of Fame. Who? Nobody fork going to the hall of fame. Who? Who? Who? See see this is what I, this, this is where the bullshit be coming at all them dudes. I seen him fight. What's the little dude he fort the little small little dude. Was he Mexican? A dog something. Pit Bull. Pit bull. You think pit Pit bull got three losses now man what The do that mean he's a animal? No I'm just saying he just be keep, Keep. No, I'm saying great. What about Ryan Garcia? We talking about great Ryan Garcia. Garcia cool with me but we talking about great, we about great Ryan Garcia never even won a belt yet man.


Yeah, He just said the belts don't mean what is we doing? Do the belts mean he don't? No, I just need to know like dude, because my belt speed up Great fighters Belts means up. We talking about Great fighters. Listen, he can retire right now and be a millionaire. He don't have to fight nobody else. Like oh for sure he's Going to the hall. Hall of Fame about legacy means Great Hall of Fame legacy him Hall Of Fame. Okay. No, no, no, no, no. Listen, listen. Tink going to the Hall of Fame. Jake Paul make a lot more money than most of these s He's not a great fighter bro. I'm not Talking about money He just got but okay. Ryan Garcia is just an attraction. I is he a good fighter? Yes. Has he accomplished anything in the sport of boxing that will make you say, oh he's great in the sport of boxing and he hasn't won?


No, That's what I'm saying. Only thing I I'm saying is that's all he saying Tank is getting a gold jacket. That's it. He getting a jacket. He's going to the Hall of Fame. You can say that. No. What color jackets do they give out in boxing? They give out jackets or belts. I'm trying to figure out, I would just be thinking like, Yeah I don't know. You was talking about some whole foot. No I'm just saying but what I'm saying is, Is Tanker Hall of Fame fighter right now based off Yes. Based off boxing accolades. Just boxing accolades? Yes. Just, just boxing? No. No. Okay. I'm trying to figure out how do you beat all these people and it don't mean nothing. Boots Beat 30 people too. He's not a Hall of Famer yet. No Boots are Hall of Famer.


You see that sparring in the gym. You see what the try to do to me? You mean hall of You silly bro. You silly bro. I can't take you serious. No listen, lemme explain something to you motherfuckers listen, lemme explain something to you. I'm trying to figure out how do you fight all these Right. And it don't mean nothing. He ain't got one loss tank. Ain't got one loss. No. So what the f How do did I, I ain't say this for Tank. Tank any, any anybody else That's like just saying if you ain't fighting nobody that can actually really give you a challenge that you're supposed to win or you gonna knock him out. You just supposed to win. If you fight, if you 30 and no in the streets but you fight, that's like and shit.


You what? You know what's crazy about you? You supposed to fuck him up. This was crazy about Ting Fights and I'm gonna just say this, I'm gonna leave it here. Everybody always say oh yeah he was getting the best oft, he was getting the best of T. But then when he win he ain't fighting nobody. I'm trying to figure that out. Do they say that or not? Am I lying? Oh he almost had Tank. He was, he had, he was winning the rounds but soon as Tank knocked him the out. Oh it ain't, he ain't fighting nobody. Am I lying? This is what people be saying. Yeah but you gotta understand against Who like Mario Barrios, it's a Bunch of that. People trying to, Is Mario Barrios going down the Hall of Fame? No, I don't even know who the fuck that is. What's that Instagram, Mario Barrios.


Who the is he? I'm just saying who is he? Oh Take B Take. He knocked him out his first fight. He wasn't won for, I wasn't supposed to know him. He was asleep by the time I got into the game he was asleep. What I'm saying is Frank, Frank Martin, I knew Frank Martin. What Do you rank Frank Martin as a fighter? A. A fighter B, fighter C, fighter B. B Solid C plus type. Oh okay. Solid C Plus you know Frank C This he might step to you. Who? Who? Frank ces. He might be like what? What'd you say? Man I seen Frank work so They said you on Frank Martin up next. That's easy Word. I'm not Frank ass. No, no You're not. I don't think you can knock. I'm not Frank ass out for Frank. I seen Frank, he was in the R doing this thing. I want, Y'all know all these fans right here.


Like everybody watching like I'm not up here just talking like I'm not just up here just you know tooting my own horn or just like being cocky or nothing like that. Like what I'm saying, that actually really gets done each. My last three fights. My last three fights. Everything I've been saying really gets done. I really live on, I already stand on business every single time I fight. So like when I say I would drop Tank Ain ain't say I knock him out but I drop Tank. Don't be surprised. Alright I'm gonna say this. Alright let me say this. Let me ask you 'cause I need some understanding who right now is fighting is Hall of Fame fighters. 'cause y'all saying Tank ain't, but I'm trying to figure out, you saying Tank ain't not Gil who the is a Hall of Fame fighter? No. When you saying Tank around go in the Hall of Fame. I'm like, I mean I can't agree with that.


Well who because his career just itself was just so everybody just knows his for Knocks out. He's there. He's like the small Mike Tyson my Like alright, but but but you saying he no great fighters. Explain to me who fighting right now is a great fighter And who and five people. That's Hall of Fame worthy. Terrance Crawford. Canelo Alvarez. Canelo Alvarez. Not you 'cause him. Terrance Crawford. Canelo Alvarez. He took Terrance. Terrance Canelo Alvarez. I feel like since we already talked about we could throw Tank in there, I feel like Shakur would definitely go down in the hall of fame. KEYSHAWN DAVIS will definitely go down in the Hall of fame. What about Devin Haney and I also feel like, like Tyson Fury will go down in the Hall of Fame. What about Devin Haney?


Devin Haney already a Hall of Fame. I feel like Tyson Fury. Oh The Hall of Fame. Trying to see on de you see you on some bullshit. See that's why I just set you up. Fucked That man. He had One But see but Devin Haney, listen Devin Haney already a Hall of Fame fighter one. He was undisputed and he had two week division champion. I'm gonna be byas about that. Y'all talk about Ain ain't talking about Nuff Had one loss though. Y'all can talk about got Taken away. I can tell y'all. Oh he Ain't got, he's undefeated. Yeah So but what I'm saying is because cool boy Steph is a four time weight division. I mean four time champion, two weight division. He already in the hall of fame for sure. Once you win multiple real titles at two weight divisions. I'm gonna just say this, that gets you in the Hall of Fame.


I'm just say so. So as far as Tank right now he only got one title I believe. Right? He only won one world title. Right. Didn't he beat Barrios one 40 for the nah bar Won't Champ No wasn't no he wasn't Champ Was He one 30? He beat, he beat, he beat Praza at one 30. Yeah he beat Praza. So he two. He two. So he in the hall of fame two division, he a two division league champion. He in the hall of fame. Who? Tank. Tank. That's what I'm saying. But this is my whole thing. I don't even know some of these dudes y'all talking about. I know when I came home from jail and you used to be thinking you was about But didn't know him. No, no I seen him Fight. I was in the arena.


I seen him now I knew this is the people you said that used to be betting or seeing the fights or whatever. You'd be talking in the studio. This is the names.


This episode with a man I Mworthofgame is brought to you by Mando Mandos whole body deodorant. His safety used anywhere on your body pits, balls, thigh, folds, belly buttons, butt crack and feet. It was created by doctors who saw firsthand how the normal bo was being misdiagnosed and mistreated clinically proven to block odor all day in control odor up to 72 hours. So I mean, you know a lot of y'all to be taking bird baths, you know what I mean? Little real quick in in the shower when out the shower in 12 seconds. Whoosh. Whoosh. You need a little man though. You know what I mean? Keep you fresh for 72 hours. Choose from a variety of fresh scents like bourbon, leather, clover, woods, Mount Fiji or Pro Sport. Mando Starter Pack is perfect for new customers. It comes with a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant. Two free products of your choice, like mini body wash and deodorant wipes and free shipping has a special offer for listeners, new customers give $5 off a starter pack with exclusive code that equates to 40% off your starter pack. Using code MD wog at shop Mando dot com. That's shop Mando dot com code M-D-W-O-G. Please support our show and tell then we sent you smell fresher, stay dryer and boost your confidence from head to toe with Mando. Keeps you fresh for 72 hours. Mando the best on the market, right?


A love. What the, is that dude name? Where he from? The Spanish guy. What weight division MoCo Mo? No, Loma Chiko. I thought he was Spanish. What's the other guy name? The little short guy. I don't think he was good. We went to his fight in Vegas. He didn't do good but he wound up winning. It wasn't no good fight. He short, I think he was supposed to fight t his Spanish name. He, He started, his name started with a T, TMO Lopez. Tia Fimo Lopez. I know him. I knew Dev, I knew Tank, I knew Shakur, I knew Earl. I knew Terrence. Yeah. And I'm the only one. Yeah. And I said it right here. I said I told Earl Spence, I said Terrence gonna beat you the up.


He, he Shout out to Earl. I told him that shout, shout to Earl. Yeah. Word. Because Terrance some somewhere in what he from Nebraska, right? Yeah, Nebraska. Yeah. Lifting cows and doing all this extra terrestrial wrestling. He lift cows, He'd be wrestling. That's different. So I said he's, and he was too strong 'cause I got a little far away. Tell Earl man you, you got too much drip on man. I I think Terrance might get you. Yeah, he had too much drip on. He had too much going on. Terrance don't go, Terrance come right in there just with nothing on a, a motherfucking a filo sweatsuit on some Tims in his arms ready. So I was like damn dude ready? Terrance don't. So No What up?


No I'm just saying like Justin, he don't give a like That. Yeah he got in there and went ballistic. I told that and he thought I was tripping. And listen, listen what's the name Boots always knew Boots cool boy. Step J Rock. I knew S Felo sweat Too Fighter I I know, I know fighters. That's popular Man. So like a fighter like me right now. Okay, Y 13 and old. Who would y'all wanna see me fight right now? I wanna see you fight any of the champions. Any, Any of them. Even though you won't fight. Shakur your homie, he's your brothers. How do you think I'd do with any of them champions though? I think you'll hold your own m Gonna say this about While I was saying experience shit.


All the champions got way more experience than who Was that dude you just for because I didn't know him. I think beat Micko. Who? I think you would beat Loma. Who Was that boy? You just, I think I stopped Loma Chino. I don't know that dude too fought. I don't know if stop him. You said that against Praza because He but Loma Chenko never been stopped before. You said that against Praza though. Praza was knocked out But ranching never been stopped before. He was 19 and nine. Who's he Talking about? Man It's just like, look, look while these sports look Gilly like I'm gonna call it Spade Spade. If you small you're, if you small you, I never had a problem with small guys. Go back and watch my amateur fights. I dropped a guy from not Ukraine, Uzbekistan my first, my first my international, my world championships in Russia.


Motherfuckers I'm walking out motherfuckers playing bongos like oh this kid up Call. Call Dropped him. He too small. He too little. I dropped him call if you small calling Him something You talking about I gotta ask Bo Boey Fighter that's in my weight class. Oh he's fucked. No, no, no. Don't say nothing. Don't say nothing. Just call him. He's Fucked. Bosy Fighter that's in your weight. Who? Bosy Fighter In your weight Class nigga that tried to shake my hand Ish. I know you're talking about Ish the Look that tried to shake my hand. But Watch this don't say nothing. So you saying you won't have No problem with Tank bro. Watch Smalls small bro. Hold up. Yo. He's just too small. I could punch bro. Bro if He answers and Chenko small too. Chenko, he's small and he can't punch What he going to angle me to death.


That not gonna work son. I'm not just being, I'm just being real. You know what I'm gonna do real. This is what I'm gonna do because I'm tired of this Set. Set the fights up. That's what you should do. No, no. Set these fights Up. I'm gonna get with Boozy. Do that. Gonna see it. I'm gonna get with what? What's your weight class? 1 35. I'm gonna get with boozy. I'm gonna come down and me and you gonna spar. I wanna see if this really real, I wanna see if this real Bro you was just saying, you was saying watching me fight you don't, Don't mean nothing. That shit don't. I gotta get in that ring to make sure shit Fight son. Who? The Who? What was this boy name? You just for ic. He was good. Who? Ukraine. He was good. He'd never been dropped. Stopped nothing. He never lost.


Who? Who made that up? I never heard of this name. He who made that up? Crazy. I never heard crazy. Listen, I never heard of him so I'm sitting back like, all Right he, he was, he was off his best win ever. He was off his best win. And Who did he fight? He fought Navarra. Who The fuck is he Mexican. He from Mexico bro. He's good bro. Y'all be hyping niggas up and hyping nigga. At the end of the day, at the end of the day it is only like, alright, matter of fact this is what I want to know. Who the top five best boxes in the game right now? KEYSHAWN DAVIS? Not, not we can't count you. All right, cool. Just want you to know that. Terrance Crawford, cane Alvarez, Shakur Stevenson, Terrance Crawford, cane Alvarez, Shakur Stevenson.


A new way is real. A new way. And I'm, I throw tanker there for sure. You better throw tanker there. I was raised C you know you scared. That's why he didn't let me throw tanker there so he can take it easy on me. Hype up. I got hype. Who Did you say before him? I Got hype him up. Who was his boy Anyway? That's Who be cool with Steph's from Japan? Yeah, yeah. No Steph gotta go in there. Steph got his belts. Fuck Steph. Steph gotta go up in there. Yeah. Alright boot. How you ain't say Boots? What the F? You said top five right now? Right now? Yeah. Boots top five right now. Nah, He not top. So what's your top five Boots? Cool boy Steph Boots cool boy Steph Tank. You biased.


If if if Bar Boy is right next to Philly, Shakur Jersey is too And dev Devvin Dev get can't even get lost in this time. Can't take a l Soon as somebody take a L. They they they done. Now How Listen, what's the situation With you and dad? Yeah I never with what? Because cousin with me. On what Tip bro? It was like times where like bro it was times where like me sha I was always around Shakur as a like as a amateur. So Shakur introduced me to Floyd, Devin, Haney all type of, so there is hell less times around Devin Haney and we 24 fifth is playing basketball record before became celebrities type shit or just who we are today.


And it just never showed, never even looked me in my eyes. It never showed me respect. Like it never Shakur always like Yo Keshawn, this is that third. He be like for real still a kid. Like he just never gave you respect. He sons you. You know what I'm saying? So it's like you, you know goddamn well now I'm here and everything Shakur been said. I lived up to it and then something fuck you talking about? And he stick like his father used to. It is crazy 'cause my beginning of my professional career, his father used to be like oh the businessman what's up with you Up my man? So you always was The businessman and Dan was keep his face forward and I can't get No we African American.


You can't show me no type of love African You are weird bitch. Alright well how about this? So so you've been the business man? Yeah. Hell yeah. Since like an amateur? Yeah. Hell yeah. Oh Okay. For sure. I'm gonna say this to you. I'm gonna give you props after this For sure, for sure. After this interview, this bathroom right here, I'm gonna send you and Gil in there. You be Gil up Legend. You going the hall of fame if you work Gil, if I open that door and Gil sleep under the toilet, you a real one. I'm gonna give you props. I'm gonna give you props because I just want you to be this Because He talk all his, all his making all his noise.


They don't do that when they box. Nobody do that. He talk all his boxes. Shit. Shit. That's a fact. We don't do that. Thank you. He do that shit. He listen I do that shout boxing like that though. He do all that's dumb. What only people that supposed to make noise when they doing this martial artist. Martial artist when I shit like that. But I'm gonna say this because this was a, a boxing trainer. This would, listen this was two and 27 in his boxing amateur joint. He's a boxer Joe Frazier's gym. He was two and 27. His Joe Frazier was lit though. Yeah, Yeah he was two and 27. Yeah and he trained his son. He lost ain't So at the end of the day it's like bro, if you go in there join to beat this you a hall of famer.


But he two and 27 though so it Don't matter. But how That make me a hall of fame? Them be the boys That explains why be Listening. No, no he could pat your jacket up. He could have my jacket. Most of these dudes be fighting. Listen when you do the research, a lot of these boys, a lot of these boys, they early fights. Yeah coming to the, coming to the the Ring his jersey Joe. His record is two lost it, I mean two wins, 37 losses by knockout. Like come on bro. Dudes be having let me find a some of your early fights you was fighting Jersey Joe and Johnny Jim Rat. My first three fights it was probably Johnny Jim Rat's in Jersey Joe. See, see I knew it, I knew it because I'm starting know Look Box Rat, look at Boxer Rat.


You see But all my, all my opponents was had winning records though. Ho ho. They all had winning records. They won't like Gilly two in 26 He fighting boys. He fighting boys. That was boys and girls. Boys and Girls Club Champions. The Boys and Girls Club champion. Yeah you know Lil Ronnie And them they them first SC fights though. They be Rocky And Ronnie know they don't, They be rough. They be, they be down at the local bar and Oh shit he Fighting all, he was fighting in the bar backyard. Ah he got his first two, The first two be like 1200. You be in a local bar Bro. That's shit crazy. For real. Yo he think everybody get Bullshit. I'd be like, I'd be like yo man, I asked him about a fighter. I'd Be like that's funny. You said how much is It's the truth though, shit motherfucker.


That's why fucker be so happy when they come out to that arena. They be like I made it bitch I Made it. I was just fighting at the ballroom at the Holiday Inn. He think I ain probably getting 1700 Real. No I Like, I be like good How he got four? Will you tell him brand new new fighters we get a little eight 50 like they're four. No no 1750. He was a silver medalist so he got 2,500. The rest of them niggas man they be giving him 4 54 Greg Hatchett. Man Nah I ain't Bucks ain ain't never get 25. That's what I'm saying Nigga I dropped through that. Yeah for sure. I ain never getting 2,500. So call, call Greg man Greg a lot 20 Call never got more than eight 50.


Greg Please Call my man Greg. They called Greg. Greg? Yeah. Okay. Greg Ain't no fighter, no Greg's a fighter. He got a record. For real. He a fighter. Call Greg a man fighting two, two And 39. No he not. No he not. That was his Wrestling. No he's not. But Call asked you much. He got, ask Greg how much the most he got paid, did he ever take 8 54 a fight? Yes. Ain't nobody taking no 8 54 a fight. Why not? If you force somebody to took eight 50 he was a bump and you pat your jacket. Hell yeah, but You pat your jacket I think gonna take eight 50 for, for a fight for sure. Oh he was three and 23. Oh. Oh he knocked out twice. Call Greg, call Greg. Oh I ain.


I forgot I ain flip out there like Call Greg Hank Yo. This pro? Yeah that's Pro Call Greg. Call him man He got one of the best Jones out here in Philly. He's a legend though because he's a great trainer. What the Greg Hatchett is a great trainer. Call Greg man What though? Three and 23. But still he's a great trainer. That's my man though. See he said he all right. He No, No everybody every but but listen, I had a problem with his other man though. No Listen, on some real though, everybody that I know say no Greg could rumble. They say like no he can fight. They say the problem is he'll just take any fight. They'd be like yo, we need you in DC tonight. Alright, how much y'all got? Alright, I'm on my way.


Like his whole career was like that. No But listen A lot people Was he trading though? Didn't even matter. He could be at a little yo we need you right now. All I'm on my way. He fight for the top prospect. Nigga don't know who he Yo man what's name Hell, what's name Boxing Jones wasn't like that too but he a great trainer. Who? Boey man Boozy Shit wasn't like Boey was seven to 20. Man, get the fuck my old Earl worked him out like three times. Man get the Fuck out street. Fight on the street. Fight tip. Fuck you up. No, no he not on the street fight tip up. You seen me? Him had a standoff in the, in that gym that time And you ran. Bitch he had a Standoff. I mean my old hair Earl worked him out three times.


That's what his Jack on street Jacket guy Lion on bull. But but this is what I need to know. This is what I need to know. What's up with it. Boxing like it seemed like the fans fans like me. I don't wanna watch a fight if s wrestling and hugging for 12 rounds, that's corny. Yeah, gotta get knocked out man. Yeah, I'm just saying like people and you know the average fan, all that style and defense and like bro who get knocked out, why is we here? Nobody wanna wait a whole 12 rounds man. Yeah, I think that's why like how do you feel understanding the fans is like this? Nah, for sure. Like I got that. I feel like that's why you know me and me, you know got that intriguing style. You know I'm 13 though shit. I'm up here a million dollars Mworthofgame.


You know what I'm saying? And the reason why I'm up here is because I'm very entertaining. You know? I mean Knockout you got, I got nine knockouts. SA nice, that's a nice amount For sure. And I feel like my fights just be entertaining, you know, especially in my, my last two fights, this one right here, like before I even fought Clarissa tweeted out like, yo, Keshawn brought the whole New York out. I'm like, for real? I'm in my head like for real. So when I walked out to that crowd and I seen it first round, the crowd going crazy. Like the round, the round is going on, the crowd's still going crazy. I was like, nah, this is crazy. I'm in the ring fight like, yo, this is crazy. Like this is a real world title fight. You know what I'm saying? But for sure I think I just got one of 'em styles and I just got that charisma that people just can attract to, I think you, I think you a boxer puncher that take chances.


You think I take chances? Yes. I think, I think that you, you'll get in there, you a i but then they'll fire you. Catch that opposed to stepping back opposed to get out The way. Hey champ, you take Hold up. Jesus. Hold up. You feel what I'm Saying? Hey you. Hey listen, I gotta ask you a question. What's up? I'm ready to come down and wait. I'm ready to spar Keshawn. What you think about that? Fuck KEYSHAWN DAVIS? Yeah. What You mean I'm ready? Foreign. Why you say his name like that? You all hyping. You gonna try to play me but ke like I'm tripping. But you gonna say she gonna say that gig like I'm tripping.


Key. What? Keshawn like You crazy ke You okay? No, I'm just saying I, I think I I we gonna spar man. I'm tired of these shit man. So What you want? Like just like, you just wanna practice with Him? What you mean a practice with him? What you think ain ain't got a chance? I'm just saying Kean listen. Oh man Mean Man, you hyping him up. Listen, he ain't here right now. He hear you hyping up. I'm telling me he, I ain't going for that. You guys gonna kick your ass. See that's crazy man. He talk. That's crazy.


That's Clarissa. Oh that's Clarissa? Yeah. Oh. What's up? Hey my boy, my boy. You sound like a motherfucking, I'm so proud of your Kid. Thank you man. For sure. Thank you man. This motherfucker in here talking about he wanna go in the bathroom and tear it up. You said she said KEYSHAWN DAVIS? Yeah. She said like I'm tripping A businessman. Are you crazy? Fuck wrong with When you coming to the show? When you coming to the show? When y'all Invite me man, come on man. Jump on the plane. Come tomorrow man. Actually I actually got a spot. I'm flying a first court. Oh, alright, bet. Okay. Nah for sure.


Tell Sha used the moves. I Told gonna watch it from the states. Nah, I'm gonna watch it from the States for sure. Ain't taking at 18. Nah, hell nah. You come to use the grab and hold. Get real. See, see you know my moves. I trained her. I trained Tank. I gave Shakur some moves. Dev, I gave all of my fucker for Sure she gonna be in my corner when we fight. Yeah. Alright. He gonna try to give you some Train. Terrance. Who? Y'all I trained Terrance. He trained Terrance. I Earl Danny Garcia. I trained. I gave everybody a little move. Jako used my though. Sha used my, What'd you say You Got Kean? Yeah, he right here. We record, we doing episode right here. Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah. See this the thing right?


I be telling motherfuckers like when I kind of sparring, see y'all be seeing fighters fight inside the ring and sometimes some fighters are better in sparring than they are when they actually fight Kean because I've been inside the ring when Ke shot. Hey Keisha didn't mean you spar. Nah, for sure we did. She Knocked you out. I heard about It. We Wes sparred. I knocked him out. We spar. No, I spar Ke signed back when he was younger. How old you I was like, I Was like 19, 20, 20, 21. I was like 16, 17. So me and so me and Keshawn was in the, we we was in the motherfucking ring scrapping. Right. But after we got done, Keshawn was like my nigga, I've never had to fucking Spar a girl like that.


Like that shit Was fucking, he fought for his life Like we was in there and, and also I'm bigger than Keith Brown. Right? So he like, That's what I'm telling him. Leave me alone Slipping and throwing punches and he in there throwing his shit. I'm hitting him, he hitting me and we both like, We fighting. So When we got done he was like, Carissa, you different. But it's, it's different because you, but then you get in there and you, and then you spar with somebody and you work with him, you be like, man this shit is not a game. So that's what I'm saying. Wallo, you don't wanna fuck with Keyshawn and Spar with him. He, he not he gonna do you bad. I'm Gonna be laughing. Lemme ask you this question right here. Lemme ask you this question right here.


Clarissa. Do you got the businessman or do you got Tank Davis Put her on the spot. Listen here, this is the thing, right? Keshawn is, Keshawn is still developing right now. Right? I told the only thing I think that Tank have over Kean. His experience is power. I think as far as in skill and even one thing that's gonna get Keshawn over the edge is his heart. You, when you, when you fight a nigga that got skill, that got heart, who not who not scared of you all. To me, all Keshawn need is some more experience and to actually hone his grown manpower, that's a real evil fight man.


And it's not gonna be just a walk in a park, but I think Kean actually boxed better than Tank. Tank just got more power than everybody. He know how to land those shots. Tank put him asleep, fucking lights out, put him to sleep. I told him he going to sleep, he gonna sleep by seven. But you Heard it from the quote herself, man y'all heard it from the quote herself. This shit 50 50. 50 50 for sure for real. And that and that's me being honest. That's me being honest now. Now the fight with Tank and Shakur, I'm going towards Shakur 60 40 Shakur got that experience and he's also grown into his grown man strength. Now the thing that the difference between Keshawn and Shakur is to me Keshawn is a lot more rougher than Shakur.


Shakur don't keep that cute. He don't go in there. You not gonna be able to hit Sha quarter. His son gonna get in there, it's gonna get ugly. He don't care about you hitting them and then he gonna feel you just skill. So it's like then you got a who just coming at you fighting who don't give you hit them too. They gonna hit you Too low. That's why I said he gotta More Experience. So he knows do not go in There. That's the Virginia in here too, to Love that nigga too. Love To love. He keeps saying Tank too little. He Too little bro. Hey listen, real shit, Keisha's a Batman tank is a bad man. Shakur's a Batman them right th them right there is some bad men.


I got, I got respect for all of 'em. I got respect for all of 'em too. And I love all of 'em. I I feel like they all my nephews and, and while we even develop, you know, even put everybody on million dollars Mworthofgame is 'cause we just wanna promote you and we want to help y'all make the biggest fights to get the best amount of money that you could possibly get. You know what I mean? At the end of the day, I'm watching as a fan and I got love for everybody. You know what I'm saying? For sure. So just like I be rooting for Shakur, I be rooting for Tank. Just like I always be rooting for Tank. I was just rooting for you last weekend. You feel what I'm saying? So I, I'm just a fan of all of y'all really. When it come to this boxing you Terrance Rol tank, Shakur boots, cool boy.


Just go on and on the quote it just go on and on. I'm a fan of boxing so I just love it and I love that y'all top level, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. All of y'all is at, at a certain level in this and getting y'all money on. That's what it's all about man. You did this since a kid is all about now. Feeding your family, feeding your son, providing for your family, living a life that you always dreamed about living. So you know, keep doing your thing. Well we appreciate you for tapping in with us. Love you baby. What Show Love y'all too. And hey Keshawn, keep kicking my Boy. Hey, I got you G. All Right. Okay, there. Now I'm gonna say you this, I don't think me and you spar, it ain't gonna turn out that he stuck on, he stuck on that.


I dunno what she was talking about. I think that really Hit hold for you. Me and Spar. I'm telling you man, I got this move. I mean we can spar. I got this mood where I, you throw the jab, I step in body shop, right? Yeah. I come ba that's it. You you sleep that same move, huh? But he said, He said body shot. Right. Turn it up couple. I'm gonna be like wham, wham, wham. How you, That's that martial art, that's that black. No I'm telling you that's That. Okay. Yeah, It's a mixture. It mixture. Mixed mix, mixed martial arts mixed with boxing. Shut up man. A nigga like, I mean a guy like me though man, at the end of the day like shit, I, I really will fight anybody at the end of the day. Like it's not about one person, it's not about two people.


At the end of the day, man, I'm in this sport to really, my goal is just to really like spread the word of God at the end of the game. Aint wrong with that honestly. Like we ain't, I ain I wouldn't be here without, without him. You know what I'm saying? I done been through some real, just like we all, but I feel like God put me in a position because he know that I'm gonna lift him up in the shadows and in the light. You know what I'm saying? Even times like this, you know, and that's my only goal, you know what I'm saying? So people like Keshawn, you done went through a lot during this fight week. You know your sisters got in a car accident the day of your fight, you know like this, that third how you stay focused, like how you stay. Keep confidence man. I believe in God. I really, God really, I really believe in God got me in this position because he want me in this position.


And when I walk in that ring I know I got God right here and right here behind me. My third eye, my second eye, all that type. You know what I'm saying? So I really believe in him man. I know God got me in this position for a real reason. A reason bigger than boxing. How Do it feel coming from, you know, va you got Pinnell was from down there. Yeah. A legend. Yeah. How do it feel knowing that you like yeah it's my turn to carry this thing. It feel wonderful because I got my brothers with me doing it. You know s it is not about the business man. It's about DB three Davis brothers, it's three of us. My oldest brother Kelvin Davis, I'm the middle brother and my youngest brother Keon Davis. I feel like Keon, you know he just fought in my fight on my card last weekend and I feel like he just introduced himself to the world.


People is definitely looking at Keon now. 23. What Week class? He 1 47, 6 3. Well Tell him this line up one of y'all go fight all of her son. One of y'all got lined up man. Because I don't, I don't like what she said. Nah, We fight. We first I gotta find you young boy. I gotta find your little brother. I might got more experience my young brother. I might got more experience. I got cousin Too. Who's last name? Davis. How about, what was his weight class? His Weight class one 30. Nah, I went to board as 1 47. You want 1 47? Yeah, Whoever that Was. He has a bad motherfucker. Yeah, that's a bad motherfucker boy. Whoever it Is gonna put the fuck I, I gotta get back in the gym man. I'm gonna start sparring people again for no reason. For no reason. I used to walk in the gym Joe Razer walk be walking by, go up in there, throw the on yo my man you right there.


Come on get in the, get in that ring Man. You talking to Joe Frazier like that? No I'm talking about like just somebody in there. Not Joe because Joe see me like see here we go. When Joe see me he tell trainers the boy right there could have been a world champ. The fuck guy. I don't call somebody yo my man you right there LA up. Get up in there. Another ass outta peace. We appreciate you for coming man. Appreciate you coming man. What you got going on next though? Tell us what's next. You know what I mean? You know what you doing man? Yeah man. Expect to see me three more times this year for sure. Three more times for Sure. Okay. Yeah, my last two fights, you know like I went one full round my last fight and then, well the fight before that and then my last fight I went what, three, four rounds.


So I ain't even go six rounds. Damn. Since my past two fights, you know I've been knocking, knocking guys out. So I'm 25 years old. I'm young, I'm only 13 in those, you know what I'm saying? I'm on a, I feel like the best promotion, I feel like the best promotion out right now. We fighting on ESPN every second time I fight. You know what I'm saying? That's good, that's good. Put me on keep, keep putting me on man. I'm gonna keep knocking these guys out at the end of the day and whoever the next, I wanna fight a big name next. Honestly I really wanna, I really want a big name whether it is a Mexican name or African American name, you know, it don't matter. I just want a big name in there next, you know what I'm saying? But either way y'all gonna see me three more times this year Like you know, just keep doing your thing man. Stay focused man. Like you saying you a businessman in and out the ring.


It's good that you know your business and you know, anytime you get a chance share share the knowledge with some of the brothers that you know. 'cause a lot of brothers don't know man and these brothers be doing putting their mind, body and soul on inside of that ring. But they don't be knowing what's going on outside of the ring a lot of times and a lot of brothers get taken advantage of and it's, you know, so anything that, you know Yeah share it as much as possible with your fellow, you know boxers because man like yeah I done seen people get taken to the cleaners, man you hear these stories you be like, what They ain't get, I thought this man was, taxes ain't paid, they gotta worry about this. Didn't get the money they supposed to got promoted Rob. Like so Nah, shit, I share The knowledge. I I'm glad you said that 'cause like for real, like a lot of these fighters, I be wanting to share knowledge but a lot of these fighters are already brainwashed and they, they ain't gonna learn until they learn in the moment through experience are, you know what I'm saying?


Like and honestly shit, I, I'm a victim of you know my taxes not being paid and I up a lot of hundreds, hundreds of thousands for sure off of taxes, off of just off. You know what I'm saying? So I know a lot for real and I do hold in that knowledge because I could tell somebody something and they go running back to they they manager that they really trust when they not even knowing their managers off the top before they even get to see the contract to see a fighter like me, I really sat down, I really sit down with my promoter and talk about numbers and talk about what's the next fight and shit. I was just on the phone with him the other day. I do that with him and I don't have a manager. I have a advisor and a lawyer, you know what I'm saying with a lawyer, you feel what I'm saying?


But I don't have a manager hands on with me like hell no me and DB three hold down. Sure. You know what I'm saying? So I sit down and talk to my promoter and be like, yo, what's these numbers? I did a million dollar gate. Okay back next time when I do that we going to do this and this and that the third, you understand what I'm saying? So I make sure my be straight before I ain even go back to like my advisor like okay. You know what I'm saying? So I really do have game to give but you gotta be careful of what you say to people because that gonna get, it's not gonna stay within them. Yeah, I think what you're saying but with Shakur that's different. That's what I'm saying like Shakur really my brother, we really do talk real like numbers. We really do talk.


What's next for you? Like I was just texting Shao right now. Real talk, you know what I'm saying? He telling me like what's going on with that Floyd Schofield what's really behind the scenes and this, that the third like really keep each other up there. He just text me outta nowhere. How they ain't fighting. Right? Yeah. How they ain't fighting. Yeah they ain't fighting. Yeah. That's crazy. It's crazy And like if you think about it like speaking of Shakur, you know Frank Martin was supposed to fight Shakur, you know his first million dollar payday and you know kid Austin, you know his first million dollar payday them two guys pulled out was like why everybody so scared to fight Shakur? But yet everybody's saying oh he peel hands or Oh he not tough enough. Not dangerous. Shakur is, I feel like he's one of the most, he, he's the one of the most feared fighters in the white light With the vision he punched the joint on man My stomach up like what Joint he had the body Joint.


If he wasn't my brother ain ain't gonna lie to you. Like if he wasn't my brother and I didn't love him as much as I do love him and his family, I would be gunning for that. Yeah because he's trying to fight everybody think about him fighting kid Austin kid Austin was wasn't even really kid Austin, it was his father, but kid Austin was talking all that on the social media. Sha cool like man that give him a chance and kid Austin pull a move like this is is, is is crazy. It's disrespectful to the sport of boxing. It's disrespectful to the Turkey Alki. He just backed out saying, he backed out saying my boy poisoned him. Like we know how to poison fucker, how we come from the hood, how to poison people. What you gonna, what you, we don't get the did he po posted a picture in the, in the hospital.


I just seen this myself. He posted a picture in the hospital on Twitter. Motherfuckers is really Scared. You coulda caught the flu. You coulda got sick or you coulda just went to the hospital for They really scared of this bull. I feel like Shakur is definitely one of the most feared in the lightweight division and people want to blame it on, oh he's boring. Oh he, this, that third is, that's a false narrative that people is, is grabbing and running with because it's a narrative. It's not facts. You know what I'm saying? These fighters really don't wanna fight Shakur. If I didn't love Shakur how I love Shakur, I would be, I'll be gunning for that because I know he'll gimme a contract. That's deep Facts Shit man. Shout out to everybody doing they thing man. We look forward to seeing your fight soon. Hold on.


Hey Boey? Yeah. Boey FaceTime. You're FaceTime up man. Get a new phone man. Shout up man. Shut up. Yeah, but man, shout out to Keyshawn man. We appreciate you coming through. Yes sir. Man, the DB brothers, DB brothers, shout out to all of them, you know what I mean? Keep doing your thing. Keep Doing your thing Keyshawn, man. Just keep going up man. We looking forward to seeing your next fight, man. Yeah, man. The next time you put belt that Yes sir. So you know what I mean. And this is million dollars Mworthofgame and it's just like that ride.