
Hey Million dollars worth. Of game listeners You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube? Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right?


This episode of Million Dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by JACKPOCKET Feeling. lucky hmm. Well get ready to try your luck. Whip JackPocket America's number one lottery app. Whip JackPocket. You go to Powerball and make a million tickets right on your phone. They even have official state lottery games, so you could just whip your phone out right here. You know, wham, you download JackPocket, right? You could. You could write official state lottery games. Powerball Mega Millions right here. It's that simple. Every day they are millions are for grabs right on your phone. You should try to get you something. New customers can get a free lottery ticket using Code Gillie. That's GILLIE All, right? That's Code Gillie for a free Powerball or Mega Millions ticket. Don't wait. Download JackPocket now for your chance to win. And if you, you so happen to win off my ticket. Don't forget a player. You know I ain't asking you for nothing, but I'm asking you for something. Make sure you download JACKPOCKET though. America's number one lottery act promo code Gillie. Get that free ticket man. This might be the ticket to change your life. You never know. New customers get your free ticket using cold gilead JACKPOCKET dot com. JackPocket America's number one lottery app Gambling problem. call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2 non withdrawable credit. Prize amount may differ at time of drawing terms. JackPocket dot com slash tos slash free dash ticket promo slash Million dollars worth of gain.


Yak try to send me and give a million dollar wire. Is that we said tomorrow I don Fuck no, we no we Listen. Like I love the love. I need it. I deserve shit. Say they with Devil I. don wanna see my You got in the back Double truck. KODAK. BLACK gets his live from Golden. It's been a movie. A Look at me man. Listen, you special.


Hey buddy, come on. What's up? Come here. Come here buddy. Oh look, come here. Here go one right here. Oh no, she's laying down. Let her chill. Hey Goat, come here. Hey y'all, look, you got them, them Jones on you. I see you. Hey little baby Goat, come here. I ain't got nothing to give you.


Your antlers growing too. I see you over there buddy. You the OG with the goat? Yeah, I see you. Oh man, Frank. Frank. Look at Charlotte's Webb. Oh my God. They, them big joints they'll get you. Look at Charlotte's Webb back there from the book Man. Oh, why you jump on him like that? Stop that acting out 'cause company here, little babies. I see y'all. Oh, you just laying there, huh? Mm Hey.


Oh, hold, hold, hold. Don't get outta there. Stop. Gotta secure this door. You know you. What you doing? Don't do that. Trying to, you was trying to get up out of there but No, the door messed up so I can't fix it. Hey buddy. Hey. Hey little buddy. Hey. Hey Little Pony. Hey come here Donkey. I want you to kick Gil. Oh, there you go. Come here man.


Come here. Don't listen. This is me. I ain't got no apples for you. Come here. Hey, hey buddy. Hey, hey buddy. Look at you. How you doing? Hey, I ain't got no apples. I know you hungry. Look at you hungry. I ain't got nothing for you right now. I'll be back. I trained horses and stuff. Bought me a horse ranch. What the fuck is that? To the same shit? Nah, it's a lighter up. It's A lighter. How nigga walk around shooting? I'm holding it to itself. I said this. I'm gonna wrap I don. Lemme see that light. Lemme see. Make it light. Make It light.


Okay. Damn. Oh shit. I'm like that's a baby Uzi. I ain't know what the hell was going on when come Out. Yo. I said the same thing. I ain't never seen no shit like that. Yeah, you got a baby Ozzy. Oh this is my joint right here. Minivan? Yeah, I'm a minivan killer. Y'all gonna let this shit This right? This, this is my shit right here. I want this. Yes sir. All right? Huh? Are y'all gonna ride this woo shot out do up in this joint? What he think he put a scr pole in this bitch? No, she she gotta be, you gonna have a midget in there. He like Right. Right.


This thing. Well this nigga crazy Man. Yes sir. Hell This nigga, this nigga aint don don't even know if he ever drove this this shit Man, this this me because minivan, This shit still got plastic on the stair wheel. Y'all sliding into the woo Job do day. You might need to get one of these because watch this Nice, this thing nice minivan Got the tv. This whole thing Probably tv. That's a whole TV right here. This come up bang. Oh my Goodness. The K our day today. Everybody that joined You got the KT B all back in this shoot all back as shit.


That's crazy. Yeah, that boy gonna love this shit. Watch him fucking boy head up. I like this Boy boy riffing in and shit. Nobody know what it's at. Nobody, nobody know you in here when you driving through This own dope city To City tv, all that. See The whole East school up with this? Yeah. You don't be taking none of this shit for granted do you? Hell no.


That look, look how you smoke up. I just wanna make sure You don't be taking 'cause you one of them niggas man. And if you look up and be a young born, the joint tur in the joint thug just came home from the joint. Yeah. X dead. Yeah, V dead. Ty in the joint. I'm a rapper. A lot of shit. One of them niggas like A lot of Like I. I wish all my peers like really like learn from them shit. Like man bitch you can't be having too much niggas around you on Right here You are. Well I'm just a nigga. They smoke. Yeah, Yeah. Shit. Nigga sitting around from there, detective homie Like I ain't wait until yeah like that.


Yeah. Yeah. I just wanna make, make sure you know. Yeah you one of them niggas man you blessed man. Sure man. Niggas that cut two fucking pinky fingers off to be in your position. Fuck. And you really one of them niggas man. So just make sure you're taking advantage of that shit man. Because when I look out here, bro, when I see all them cars and I see a nigga that come from the ghetto that come from nothing and he doing it like that. Come on man. Yeah. Come on nigga. Yeah come on. That why a nigga do this Deserve shit. Come on nigga. Nah that's he shit. Yeah. Yeah. You feel me? Yeah. So you can't never take this shit for granted man because it because you one of the niggas that's really blessed man.


Shit bro. Really got talent man. Yeah well get you off the streets. They love that man. Love for you to be sitting in that joint talking about free Kodak, And, all that dumb ass shit. Nah, I remember few years ago and she my old girl. Right. My mama said she stay like that. You so special bro. Even niggas who don't like you want to see you home, you niggas don't like you can't wait till you get out. Right. December 20th Is going down. Wallow knock on party. The biggest show on earth. You never seen nothing like this. I'm talking about unbelievable fights. I'm talking about the It's so funny. It's so real. It's so everything. I'm talking about the fights, people going to be getting knocked through, the rings knocked out.


I'm talking about they gonna be seeing all types of fights from people that you never expect to see fight before. This is the biggest show on Earth. Yes. Knock up parties. Listen it's Going down at the Chase Center. Chase Center. You see what happened last time Chase still House in Delaware. You see what happened last time. You see How it was sold out. We ain't worrying about that. If you can't get there it is going to be on pay-per-view. Paperview pay-per-view pay-per-view pay-per-view pay-per-view. Last time we did 29,000 pay-per-view. This time we trying to do 70,000 pay views. We gonna Do a hundred thousand hundred thousand we going down. That's right. Listen, Gillian Wallo knockout party, you've never seen a party like this. You've never seen a show like this. You've never seen a boxing match like this. What you wanna do is get your tickets, don't play no games. Get your tickets Gillian Wallo knockout party December 20th Chase Phil House, Wilmington, Delaware.


It is going down. It's going to be big on the 19th. We'll be doing a weigh in. You gonna see the craziest fight from some of the wildest people. Yes. I'm talking about the action is action facts. Yes. I'm talking about what you never seen before. Yes. The greatest show on Earth GILLIE while knockout party. It's going down. Either you could be there or you could watch at home. It don't matter as long as you're tuned in. Yes. I'm telling you you're not going to regret this. We got my guy Lawrence coming back. He's gonna be on the mics with me and Gil. We gonna be how we got Rome coming back to get the after the fight action. It is going down. You don't wanna miss this Gillian Wallo knock knockout party. The biggest show on earth December 20th. Let's go be there. Let me show y'all how KODAK BLACK is doing it. Alright follow me Cyber truck, You feel me?


Hit the cyber truck. Yeah. Kodak bought this shit too man this Kodak shit bought this whole property. All this Property is his. This is store we used to walk to called K Cross. We used to walk through from the back of the projects and walk through this bitch from the back. Yeah man Kodak bought this shit man, Let me show y'all the rest of the cars got the bat Buddy got Lake out here nowhere in these projects And he got his wife with him. This nigga. That's how you know, that's how you know Shell rider. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Little big boy shit man. Yeah I mean he got the Scooby dude van. Yeah what I'm saying? Got the bent right here.


Phantom right here, Mayback right here. Come on. What's look at this John. I don't know. This motherfucker crazy. Snipe on the side. Look at this motherfucker crazy got snipe on the side. It's a little dark out here but I'm gonna still give y'all come on the lamb chop. you know what I mean?


That's how, That's how, that's how he ignoring it man. That's one. And this ain't even all his shit. But that's 1, 2, 3, 3, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. That's That's, that's just nine of his cars. That's just nine of them. you know what I mean? So boom, check this out. You gonna have a bowling alley right here. Then we got the car wash on the side of that. We got gonna be a finger licking connected to the bowling alley.


Princess treatment salon, player salon. You know what I'm saying? We got a daycare that's gonna be right here. Then you got fly supply where all the merch gonna be at all along this corner. It's gonna be gas. Like you feel me growing up in struggle like this. Imagine you a kid walking when you come on the way like like yeah walking the same block like every, everything ain't for everybody and shit like that. You feel me? Like no success and make nigga remind nigga like all these shortcomings, they fat And, all that good shit on but they got just draw jewel and shit And without ing like showing out or like spit.


No. Yeah I'm saying I look up to the same niggas I look up to now nigga. Even if even though I got what you, I don't even know that's real shit. You s state thing real under. You can't, you can't have everything but you can lose the dollar though. And a lot of people like man, oh yeah well you do for the hood. Whatever Listen man you do a lot Shit. Don't gotta be fucking camera or going viral Man. Not fat food. It don't gotta be visualized. It's from the heart, you feel me? Turkey, I used the bikes, the book bags. That Point don don't even remember certain shit. I think you what? What Me dollars worth went to gang.


Shout out to Wallo. Get the king all was in Philly. Man. Straight up man. Motherfucker hey well by the ugly one. That whole way more service than that man. Black gold. Gold toilet seat, gold sink. The whole guts and shit. Guns and roses. Oh you got another one there? Hell yeah. Like the whole the whole like the whole inside and shit. Yeah. Guns and roses. Yeah everybody every gray right now everybody the toilet through like the toilet and shit or the black Blackwood gold one. A bush a garden.


Me? Yeah, yeah, yeah. These shit ain't Even gotta see that now. Ain't even gotta see Deal pickle.


This episode of me and Houseworth for Game is brought to you by Draft Kings. The Emirates NBA cup is here and you can win. You can win big. Getting in on the action at Draftking Sports book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the rights to advance in a single elimination in season 20. Culminating in the NBA Cup championship in Vegas. Get behind your favorite players and the prop bets you can make on DRAFTKINGS. The best place to bet NBA player props ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple as picking how many points your favorite player will have. Or go to DRAFTKINGS Sports Sportsbook app and make your pick first time. Here's something special just for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 and get 200 and instant bonus bets instantly. Whip out your phone man. Download DRAFTKINGS BET $5 and get 200 in instant bonus bets And. all you gotta do is put promo Code GILLIE. Come on man. What are you waiting for? The crown is yours. Put it on Gambling problem. call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot, Hill, Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction. Boyden Ontario Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance For additional terms and responsible gaming resources. C dk eng.co/b ball


Don't Follow me man. What it mean to y'all That KODAK BLACK come back to the project. That's y'all people. So what it mean that y'all can see We be soul It it's back be inside zone. Believe that Soon. Hey I saw you playing basketball, you all scared You saw me. Hurry up Killer. Who the hell is interviewer? What's up, up, what up And?


all y'all, you think you Ball? Yes. Basketball.


When I found out SKIMS was making underwear for men, I gotta admit I was excited like oh it's going down. SKIMS came out with the Cotton five box of briefs. Put everybody I'm talking about crush the game I'm talking about they feel good. They just feel like you ain't got nothing on. I love it. Look at 'em. Oh man look. Oh they just look at this, it just feel good. It's like you ain't got nothing knowing you just feel free. You be walking around, you got SKIMS on but you really ain't got nothing knowing 'cause it feel like you ain't got nothing knowing. 'cause that's how the good, the cotton fire box of briefs feel. I'm just, I'm it just feel great like stop playing games. Get you some SKIMS. 'cause I got mines. You better get yours And one thing about it, they make sure you right they have you. They have you. you know what I mean. They had you looking Right. The one thing about the SKIMS Cotton fives, they don't move around. They be right there. You ain't gotta go up your leg And all you know box. You gotta keep adjusting. You ain't gotta adjust the SKIMS Cotton five box of briefs. You ain't gotta do none of that. What are you waiting for? You better get you something. I got mine. Shop SKIMS men at SKIMS dot com Let 'em know I sent you after you can place your order select podcasts and let 'em know I sent you SKIMS.


You don't love me Nigga walk so motherfucker fast. No man left behind where that little sausage. So this where you was brought up at? Yeah. Right here. Huh? Yeah I was talking to some people earlier. Right. I said, I said what? I said what you act mean in these projects? he said man he act let us know we could do this shit man. So he was thugging around this bitch. He was nine years old, 10 years old. Sure he said 11 years old man. Ho, ho ho ho. Watch yourself.


And he said he give us hope we could do this shit man. All. right. you know what I mean? Yeah that's sir. Hey what happen? That's What I love and and appreciate how the police don't even run me out my hood. you know what I mean. Right, right. Because I deserve my respect. Right. You know the devil. The devil and shit try to make you feel like You don't deserve your success in what you got in it for the future 'cause of your past. Try to remind you of your past man. Shit We going forward. We going backwards. Yeah. Sucks where Step might run sideways. He ain running back. He turn around When you were just like one of them little kids right. Yeah. Running around this motherfucker. Right. Look at this shit.


This shit poverty. For real. This ain't no fake shit. Shit. So Did you ever in your life think you could be this Big? Of course. Why I was telling me that because that's a matter of time. Me know it gonna happen. So you knew it. So a part of a motherfucker becoming who they becoming. They they really gotta believe that shit. Yeah if faith, if faith gotta be strong. Yeah. Faith is something you don't see. So like bitch I, I ain't got no money yet but I know I'm rich in spirit. So to the point like bitch I'm just walk to that. Yeah. Fall in my lap some kind of way. Right. And shit and you know what's up Crazy. Right. I supposed to sign I I wasn't supposed to sign with Birdman on Birdman trying to and and bitch you love whatever.


I was like 17 you feel me? And Brus said bitch you rather gimme me 3 million no contract. So I like they told me and my cousin you win and shit. I Like. I ain't gonna lie Man that shit sound crazy. Why nigga told Red House man you Haitian, you Ronnie boys me. So like bitch that shit gotta be right Of course because you down shit like that or whatever. But anyhow boom we come out from that shed damn and we pull up tell like found them woods and shit. he like oh shit what happened over there and shit. My cousin he bitch he told them I wasn't even tell them where like about the 3 million shit car told him. I'm like oh yeah man bitch bro say something about three MI swear to God on everything I always think about this shit. Right.


One of my homeboys said 3 million. He not, he ain't ready for that. And retrospect I'm like damn homie mean he probably might. He probably was right. He shit on me. But just hearing that shit out the gate to any person homie, they going to think like damn what bro Some hating shit. I was going shit like man you know what man fuck that shit. I'm gonna just do it my way before niggas feel like they ain't gotta respect my shit because I'm cash Wayne. Right. I don do this shit myself. Right. Fuck it. I can't tell me nothing. Right. You shit probably took a few more years. Right quick what it happened you shit. Yeah You talking about when I cash money off him 3 million when he was 17 and shit And you ain't taking it.


You was like fuck it I'm gonna keep going. Fuck. Let me ask you a question. What do King, queen, Isabella and Prince mean to you? Everything You lit up What? What do it mean to be a father? Like what do that mean? Like when you hear them names that you brung life into this world as people you know these little babies is counting on you lead them You shit to the point it be like that. It'll be selfish. It'll be selfish of me. you know what I mean? I just go out any kind of way. Especially Like. I ain't down like no perk. That just ain't it on gang that they gotta crack my shit open. You feel me? And that ain't happen neither though Some shit like, like my little ones then they got it like even when it's all said done homie tight Tommy bro they aint no like that.


Daddy was a real nigga. They shit was a real nigga. Bro wasn't no goofy none of that shit homie. And we sat, we scraped up bitch my will been, I been sat my shit up my will homie. Not that I feel like I'm gonna die of course just shit like shit happen at any time and I shit Like, I want my family to love me after I die. Not shit like oh I'm keeping this drunk, I'm keeping this to the point. Bitch forgot to bury that nigga and then shit. So he like man damn boy daddy had a plan boy this whole time Daddy Had shit set up that shit. How do it feel to come back to your community and see the love you get Everything. I can't leave this bitch bro. I can't. When you say you can't, why Explain?


I like this shit just like is a bigger purpose then I always feel like this shit a gold mine shit a gold mine bro. Yeah and When you say gold mine elaborate on that. What that Mean? Like bitch is like so much shit that they could do with so much shit that's wide open. you know what I mean so much. Shit that's wide open. See that shit right here? There used to be a basketball court, you feel me? And then like the time and shit like troll they took off all the rims off the, off the goals. So I was hollering at the city and shit. The dude we over like zoning and planning and shit, you feel me? So I was some time like man they took all the rims off and shit like just can't play. So they, they say I get bored and just do crazy shit.


That's crazy. Look what 5 6 11 Man. Man that's what what say 5 6 11. I never thought it. That's my birthday. That's it. That's all I have to say.


This episode of me and O mworthofgame is brought to you by Mando Let me tell you something about Mando. Mando whole body deodorant is safe to use anywhere. And I'm talking about anywhere on your body, your pits, your balls, your thigh folds, your belly button, butt crack and your feet. It was created by a doctor who saw firsthand how normal bio was being misdiagnosed and mistreated And it's clinically proven to control odor better than a shower with soap alone 12 hours after a shower the average man grundle odor levels was a five out of 10 with Mando the average rundle holder level was zero out 10. So just know you you wanna go 12 hours through the day and still be fresh, still be at your best or do you want to go 12 hours out of the day and be a little funky monkey. It is up to you. Yeah you don't gotta be a little funky little monkey little run around here. Why smelling? No you could be nice and fresh. It don't matter. And this is for everybody Mando. You hear me? That's what I'm trying to tell you. It comes in salad stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant. Two free products of your choice, body wash, deodorant, wipes, and free shipping. As a special order for our listeners New customers get $5 off a starter pack with your exclusive code that equates over 40% off your Starter Pack when you use code M-D-W-O-G. That's MD wog and shop mando.com. So Listen man you're tired of being funky man. Get get man though. Look at this, look at the products man. You all the products keep you fresh all day. you know what I mean And I ain't gonna lie. Some of y'all need some all day freshness 'cause you be a little musty after a half hour you don't even walk around nothing. You, that's you. Yeah I'm getting some of y'all that for your birthday Mando get it right now. Shop mando.com right?


Yeah Up. I'm so fucked up about them too. Them. That's another reason why I can't you shit crazy. Plenty. We love you. We from here. We love him. We love y'all. We appreciate that Y'all okay?


How you dog? Good long time. I don't see you sir. How are you? I'm okay. You don? Yeah. Who's this manager? Hi. Yeah. Yeah I said with o Love. You lying now. Okay thank you All. right. Alright All right now. Alright Papa. What does she mean to you? Because you lit up. You lit up? Yeah. You seen her? What did she mean? Everything That's what I'm, they're my old eyes right here. Which one?


You know all shit. Yeah, how you know what's up? Crazy bro. Right. One of my houses and shit. It ain't too far from over shit around. Lemme just say this man, that bitch 15 no one. Right. And then just the other day I bought a whole nother property. That bitch 1601 too on that side of the street. But you came from Here bro you right here. You just pulled Betley Motherfucking all types of shit up to this motherfucker. Yeah. All types of shit. Motivation and And the love is real. The love. Ain't nobody sitting around like this man fuck that nigga man.


That nigga don't, he don't do nothing for the community man. The love is real. They embrace you. All I heard all day is man we love you, we love you, we love you, we love you. That's some serious shit man. So How do it feel man to get all that love though Man I love the love. I need it. I deserve shit. I deserve it. Especially if we do everything I need here through on. That's why they here. That's why fuck people relying on just enough cash to survive. How It feel standing in front of this house though? The memories Bitter sweet. I ain't gonna lie.


Like if they ain't never get outside I have never looked. The bitch I have never knew when it was in right time and got got kicked out and shit because nigga was like really bitch just had this shit sold up. For real, real. Look at me man Listen you special. Don't ever doubt yourself and you got them babies counting on you now there's gonna be times where you gonna doubt yourself, you gonna be in pain but them babies counting on you, you gotta be here.


And I'm telling you that because a lot of people get around you and they see your success and they say oh man a lot of people need you. And they yes ma'am you I ain't here to yes ma'am you, you know me. Every time we connect with you know I got love for you not because I need you. I got love for you 'cause you a young cat and I was young, Gil was young. Live live. And I'm telling you that because you see that love that that lady get you see how you light up when I talk about your babies live, these people wanna laugh, they wanna joke, they wanna criticize. They don't know your pain. I don't know your pain but I know one thing them babies counting on you, your family counting on you and your and your talent. You got something that I'm talking about. A lot of brothers ain't here no more. That had the opportunity.


You had some of 'em in prison, some of 'em dead. And they looking at us like we just some niggas that don't give a fuck. We drunkies. We are criminals. That's what they think of us. Boy we gotta learn how to change the narrative brother you got, you got a lot of people watching you, a lot of young people watching you see them babies, you see how they ran. Take advantage of that and live, live don't hurt yourself brother. And that's why we come down here because everybody else wanna laugh and talk about it and comment and critique you. Fuck all that. It is about what you feeling, your feeling side of yourself. But you gotta understand this Queen prince, king, Isabella, prince king, queen, Isabella, prince, king, queen Isabella, they counting on you.


Don't play them babies. Don't sell 'em babies that live for them fucking babies. You hear me? Yeah I love you man. You hear me appreciate I love you man. That Said boom fucking boomer ain't my way. I love you. I ain't gonna lie. Right. I'm gonna just spoil the woman right now. You hear me? I appreciate you thinking so much. Right. Million dollars worth gain. I ain't going to say this shit right but the morning homie, you niggas gonna see a million dollar homie that ain't even buy shit. For real, for real bro. It 'cause like this shit, that shit worth it bro. I don even all that shit. That shit a nigga take that shit serious bro because like if you ain't listening you ain't learning. I always been how nigga just be so swift like that family because Like I don't mind listening And I give my respect and respect for young me Believe that.


But you know it's just sometimes you know you need to be reminded that you really him man. And a lot of people look up to you man. And a lot of people count on you just like a lot of people look up the NBA young boy look up the Dirk, look up the King Vaughn, look up that and yeah you know what I mean. Yeah This is beautiful man. Live from the motherfucking projects Man.


This episode is brought to you by BODY ARMOR Sports water. The alkaline water that provides real hydration with electrolytes for taste. Everybody's always drinking it or you know at the studio Kev and my production people and they love the sports drink, the zero sugar and even the Flash iv after a long weekend we can get enough. We can't get enough of BODY ARMOR. The sports water in my opinion is the best water on the market. I mean y'all always see when I'm on live I'm anyway y'all so y'all see that I really do it. This is not just a add eat, I really drink the BODY ARMOR sports water. Get yours today at Walmart or at a local grocery store near you. you know what I mean? Don't forget, get your BODY ARMOR sports water today at a Walmart. There's Walmart's everywhere like broken glass or a grocery store near you. You hear me? BODY. ARMOR the best water on the market get you some Right?


Yeah man. Yeah I ain't gonna lie. This shit had a game. Priceless bro. That shit for sure bro because like ain't no other people like doing how y'all ripping me. He got old head like they really just doing some shit like trying to cruize these young niggas like that. Just young niggas period. Shit y'all steady be on some shit like man hell yeah boy that's fucked. What niggas like what I'm saying like that's real Because yeah we used to be young. Yeah I done been, I done been shot, I done been locked up with a shitload of weed. He done did 20 year we not perfect so we not going to come and sit here and talk to you. We ain't talking at you, we talking to you. We respect you as a man. So it's different and we not telling you what to do. We just saying listen Neff, we been down that road Neff.


Sure. You feel what I'm saying? So it's a difference. We not here to talk at you like you even No, no, no, no, no, no. We all men, we here to say no we a little older than you and we supposed to give you some game if we see you slipping game has got attention, motivation and education All. right. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. So that's all it's about with us man. We got real love for you. you know what I mean. Every time we see you keep it solid. Ain't no fake shit. Ain't no fraud shit. Ain't no phony shit. Ain't no oh he yacked today. He this yed tomorrow. No, no, no, no. You same. Two steps. Same O2 steps. Same o, two steps, same O2 step next. You hear me?


You hear me? Yep.


This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by New. Amsterdam Vodka. Now Let me tell you something about New Amsterdam Vodka life ain't going your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your woman cheating today. Shout a New. Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming but it didn't come your way. Shot a New, Amsterdam, Vodka distilled five times, filtered three times for a clean crisp finish. Now you can drink it straight up, you could drink it on the rocks, you can blend it with juice soda or you could just make it classic new Amsterdam mule. That's up to you. But when you out and about at that local liquor store, make sure you scoop that New Amsterdam Vodka. Run it to the register like a fumble on a gold line and you rent it back. 99 yards poop. Get it home. Put it on the ice cocktails however you like to drink it. NEW Amsterdam Vodka. There's no other vodka for you. Try damn new Amsterdam Right Morning. Tobacco smoke increases the risk of lung cancer and heart disease even in non-smokers.


This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by Swisher Sweets Swisher Sweets noses. You are all about the level up and so are they with a family of brands that provide a smoke for any sesh with Swisher, Sweets is more than a sesh. It's a refresh. Ignite an icon with Swisher Sweets Savor, hand selected pipe tobacco with BLK. Elevate your smoking experience with legend or back and enjoy America's broad leave aged for two years and leave. Whether you're gathering your crew for a sesh or having a smoke alone. For a moment of reflection, refresh your ses. Whisper Swisher. Sweet. Right.


You already know this is live from Golden Acres. KODAK BLACK. I hope y'all already, it's been a movie. It's been a movie. A Azu love little projects man. Yes sir. And it's just like that. Right? Like my nigga say they trying to get up with me say they dancing with a do but I. don wanna see my gritty. She called me for a speech. I said I want to fuck you nigga. I've been noticing a lot of bad bitches come from Philly when niggas straight. Only time you fucking with me.


They be smiling in my face. Will really want kill. They be smiling in your Facebook. Really? When you another nigga trying to pay me like a chunky and I got fucking issue songs. They don't catch me with another pistol man. I ain't finna say nothing. I'm just going come and get you stick legs in the project. I remember everything up Time Project UT boot nigga trying to put you on the tee. My life And. All my And all me nigga whip. I knew I never real I was in, I knew I was going penitentiary before I winning.


You been blessed. We remember you in a project. You don't even know who you yet. I bad but I was smart as shit. Coulda went to private school. Come on in. A lot of spelling be contests. You get up my first job contest. It is a best. Gambling Ain't ain't me. I can do it again. Friends bitch. Bitch nigga. Playing like I'm a kid so I'm grown and grown than you.


Then Step treat me like a feel. Like I fucked up. I the shit you said ain't Like I up. You know I don like a dick. Niggas come support they brother homie like a dick Rider support me Nigga Piss on baby neck.


Look at that really shit going. Niggas look at that You don Like a dick Baby neck. Nigga stop at playing. Look at that I. don wanna feel like a dick rider Ninja Turtle nigga. Ah man. Splurging. Oh Big zebras man. Zebras nigga Stripes nigga. Woo. Hey say baby, say it flush too. This will point out my cake if I can't Eat it. If I can't eat it too. Want ice cream? Huh? Yeah, whatever. What Do it flush. What's the point of having the motherfucker, what's The point of having a motherfucker don't flush the fuck is ya doing?


Represent Black Friday. Black Friday Bill? Yes sir. For the Haitian people. What I'm saying gimme a Haitian say hold on boy. A aye Yeah, yeah, yeah. Gl I Let me wash your wagon and drink the about water There nigga. Hey fuck that. Fuck.


Fuck all that man. How all this shit you could ajo me to say play Cyber truck again please. Fus nigga go The NA project on me and poker. No Is now this is what happened today. Million dollars mworthofgame Yak tried to send me and Gil a million dollar wire. It's better tomorrow. I don't gonna fuck We we listen Like the game is priceless my way. You feel me? Y Chill.


Let me do me, let me do how I do. Yeah Listen man. Million dollars mworthofgame. Tell 'em where we at right now. Older nigga projects. Pump Pump New Florida. That's so Million dollars mworthofgame. Yep. And it's just like That December 20th Is going down. Yes. GILLIE Wallow knockout party. The biggest show on Earth. You never seen nothing like this. I'm talking about unbelievable fights. I'm talking about the It is so funny. It's so real. It's so everything I'm talking about the fights, people going to be getting knocked through, the rings knocked out. I'm talking about you going to be seeing all types of fights from people that you never expect to see fight before. This is the biggest show on Earth. Yes. Chase While knock up parties, listen it's Going down at the Chase Center.


Chase Center. You see what happened last time Chase Still house in Delaware. You see what happened last time. You See how it was sold out? We ain't worried About that. If you can't get there, it is going to be on pay-per-view. Paperview pay-per-view pay-per-view pay-per-view pay-per-view. Last time we did 29,000 pay-per-view. This time we trying to do 70,000 people views. We gonna do a hundred thousand hundred if going down. That's right. Listen, Gian Wallow knock our party. You never seen a party like this. You never seen a show like this. You've never seen a boxing match like this. What you wanna do is get your tickets, don't play no games. Get your tickets. Gillian Wallow Knockout Party December 20th, chase Field House, Wilmington, Delaware. It is going down. It's going to be big on the 19th. We'll be doing a weigh in. You gonna see the craziest fight from some of the wildest people?


Yes. I'm talking about the action is action facts. Yes. I'm talking about what you never seen before. Yes. The greatest show on Earth, GILLIE while knockout party. It's going down. Either you could be there or you could watch at home. It don't matter as long as you're tuned in. Yes. I'm telling you, you're not going to regret this. We got my guy large coming back. He's gonna be on the mics with me and Gil. We gonna be how we got Rome coming back to get the after the fight action. It is going down. You don't wanna miss this Gillian Wallow knock knockout party. The biggest show on Earth, December 20th. Let's go be there.