
Hey, Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right?


This episode of MillionDollazWorthOfGame is brought to you by JackPocket. Feeling lucky? Hmm. We'll get ready to try your Luck Whip JackPocket America's number one lottery app Whip JackPocket. You can order Powerball and Mega million tickets right on your phone. They even have official state lottery game, so you just whip your phone out. You ain't gotta run to that whip, whip, whip right there on your phone. Everything right there. What we talking about? Official state lottery games right there on your phone. New customers get a free lottery ticket by using promo code GILLIE. So listen, go on there right now, get you a mega, get you a Mega Millions, a Powerball ticket. Or me if you win. I don't wanna break down, but I do want to break down. That's all I'm telling you. And that's called GILLIE. For a free, proud Ball or Mega Millions ticket, don't wait. Download JACKPOCKET now for your chance to win. Big Good luck. JackPocket. America's number won the lottery app. Why would you go anywhere else you wouldn't? It's JackPocket right Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska. 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2. Non withdrawable credit Prize amount may differ at time of drawing terms. JackPocket dot com slash toss slash free dash ticket dash promo


slash December 20th Is going down. Yes. Million Wallow Knockoff Party. The biggest show on Earth. You never seen nothing like this. I'm talking about unbelievable fights. I'm talking about the, it's so funny. It's so real. It's so everything I'm talking about the fights, people going be getting knocked through, the rings knocked out. I'm talking about you going be seeing all types of fight from people that you never expect to see fight before. This is the biggest show on Earth. Yes. Knock up party. You see what happened last time, still House in Delaware. You see what happened last time. You See how it was sold out? We ain't worrying about that. If you can't get there is going to be on pay-per-view. Perview Pay-per-view. Pay-per-view. Pay-per-view. Last time we did 29,000 pay-per-view. This time we trying to do 70,000 paper views.


We gonna do a hundred thousand hundred thousand. We doing it down. That's right. Listen, Gillian Wallo knockout party. You never seen a party like this. You've never seen a show like this. You've never seen a Boxing match like this. What you wanna do is get your tickets, don't play no games. Get your tickets. Gillian Wallow Knockout Party. December 20th, chase Field House, Wilmington, Delaware. It is going down. It's going to be big on the 19th. We'll be doing a weigh in. You gonna see the craziest fight from some of the wildest people? Yes. I'm talking about the action is action facts. Yes. I'm talking about what you never seen before. Yes. The greatest show on Earth. Gillian Wallow knockout party. It's going down. Either you could be there or you could watch at home. It don't matter as long as you're tuned in. Yes. I'm telling you, you're not going to regret this. We got my guy large coming back. He's gonna be on the mics with me and Gil. We gonna be how we, we got room coming back to get the after the fight action.


It is going down. You don't wanna miss this Gillian Wallo knock knockout party. The biggest show on earth. December 20th. Let's go be There. You now tuned into me, me, me, me. Min Min, Min Min MillionDollazWorthOfGame. Yes. We right here in London, man. We cast eye. Listen man, we, we came off, we got KSI. I know jj. Oh Yeah, jj, Y'all. I know JJ Alci. I don You said that's KSI. Yeah, That's what I know him about. You know him about something else. I knew jj. You know what I mean? Yes. How, how's life treating you? Life's good, man. I mean, it's December right now, starting to slow down for Christmas with the misses.


Yeah. Super chill family as well. Yeah. Relaxed. Everything is going how you want it to go? Yeah, I'm better. I'm better, man. Like, you know, I released Thick of it, a song that just went viral and it's looking to be like my biggest song ever sold out Wembley Stadium with my mates. And what all we're doing is just playing football. It's charity match. And that was huge. It took us what, three hours to do that. You know? I did Prince Got Talent and I imagine you guys know America's Got Talent. Yeah. Yeah. So it's like a pretty version of that.


And yeah, I was one of the hosts, I was one of the judges, sorry. And that was cool for tv. And you know, the list goes on of like all the things I've been doing. But you know, I was saying that this year was gonna be a chill year, like a year where I just relaxed. Yeah. Went crazy, didn't Do too much. And used it as a preparation year. And obviously, you know, a load of things have happened, which have been good. But yeah, next year I've told everyone that, you know, I'm coming on smoke. See, that's when you knew. You truly blessed when you like, ah, I'm gonna take this year off. You know?


What about your bills out? I don't. You paid up for the next 30 years. I spent a Lot of money this year though. I spent, yeah, like a stupid amount, but it was like good things. So Like, I paid for me and my mates to go to Vegas, so I like bought a jet, like a massive jumbo jet for us to fly all the way there. Vegas and back sought out there. Everyone's accommodation. Literally, we stayed at, is it Caesars Palace? Yeah, we stayed there. Gambled the way, partied away. You know, I had a sick time playing golf while we were out there and you know, I saw everything, you know, I was just Gambling.


Did you win or lose? I always lose, man. I always lose. Yeah. God gotta get you some. We, he like me, you win in real life. But, But I like crops. I like crops. That's my favorite game. I just won two days ago in crabs. Really, Bro. Oh, that is the way that others, He went a lot. He went a lot. Yeah. Yeah. I, that's just the way, man. I win a lot. It is like roulette. It's just Roulette. I like, that's his game. It's too random, man. That's his, You just gotta pick the numbers. I Like, I I asked you like that. What's Your favorite numbers? 13, 20. 13, 20, 20 17, 21, 2, 6, 7, and 30. Bro, you trying to cover the whole ball That I pulled? No, you got to, that's the whole point of the game.


You just pick one. I'm not, because I, I just can't deal with one number. It ain't gonna work. Oh, you got one number outta 36 ain't going you like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You gotta spread that shit. And then you thinking like once you spread it, it'll come, it'll come from there. Now who would you be If you had to pick, If you had to pick one? It's a game we play. Anthony, who would you be? Anthony Joshua. I seen his response right there, sir. You tell him the rest. Nigel. Ben. Okay. Tyson's from over here, right? Who? Fury. Fury? Yeah. Tyson Fury. Who would you be?


You had to pick one of them. Oh Yeah. Aj. Aj, yeah. Yeah. Easy, easy, easy. Yeah. Why? Yeah. So, you know, big respect to Nigel, Ben, but you know, AJ has reached high highs, man. He's literally like been at the top of his game in this day and age. So money wise, he's good. Fame wise, he's good. You know, like life's good for him. Yeah. To the point where he probably don't Need to Fight, need to do anything anymore. Really. And then with Tyson, oh bro, that guy's ugly man. He is an ugly bro.


I'm sorry, man. Like, I, He's entertaining. No, he's entertaining. Yes. And you know, big respect for everything he's done. But compared to aj, bro, he's so ugly, man. Yeah. So, yeah, I probably, so he is Big aj. Yeah. Just, just so that, yeah. Yeah. Yo, how long, how long, how long was you shooting your content? What in in general? No. How long was it before you started seeing money? Before I started seeing money. How many years? So I started, I, I guess like around 14, 15. And I started getting paid around 19.


So like 4, 4, 5 Years. Where was you living at? You were staying, you were staying with people? Just with my parents. You were staying with your parents, doing your content? Just Doing it. Yeah. I remember I used to like take my computer, which was upstairs, take it all the way downstairs just to record on my Xbox. Yeah. Xbox 360. So we, So was you was in the, you was in the middle room, the basement? What? No, so I was in the, you know, upstairs with, you know, my brother over there and my parents over there. And I'd take this computer and I'd have to take the monitor and everything all the way downstairs, plug into the Xbox 360, just to record everything. And then once I did that, I had to take it right back upstairs just so I could edit and just edit, edit, edit, do all the crazy stuff that I did to make my videos entertaining, and then upload.


And then I'd just do that over and over and over again. In the process of this four years going by and you not getting no money, and you at your mama house, you know, you, you putting dents in the couch, refrigerator, ripping the refrigerator door off the hinges. Yay. Was your mom like, boy, you gotta get a job. Yeah, this contact. Yeah, I know you got dreams and shit, but you got it. This ain't working. So I tried to get a job. I tried to work from McDonald's, but they said I was overqualified because, because they saw I wasn't gonna be there for very long. So they were just like, oh, okay. We just don't want a party. But besides that, I've never actually had like a proper, proper job.


I think for me, I've always just looked for new ways to try and make money online, because I was quite an introvert, so I never really socialized with people. I kind of kept to myself a lot and I would socialize with people online. So like for me, online was like my bread and butter. So I was just there, okay, how can I make money? So like, you know, I'd be looking at, back then it was like crypto or looking at like clicking ads to get money, et cetera. Just like new ways to make money that haven't really been, you know, known before. So that was, that was my real, So after the four years, you, you, you doing these skits, bro, mom?


Like it ain't working When it finally started getting somebody. Yeah. How long did it take before you was like, oh no, I, I can make, really make a living off of this now? So I think it got to a point where, You know, I was just doing the videos and my parents were just looking at me doing them, and they were just getting annoyed because I was, Well they, they saw that I wasn't doing well in school because of it. Right. Like to the point where You, you, I did like A Levels or As, and bro, I got bad grades. I got like C, D, F and then the UI didn't even know you could get a U.


Yeah, I ain't know that either. In school. Yeah. That, that's some new, so that was he have used out in the 94. I heard of that. Yeah. That's Wow. Like Un gradable to the point where the examiner looked at my paper and said, nah. So that's what you mean, you un Yeah. Yeah. Un gradable. Yeah. I wrote my name and that was it. They was just Like, I, I can't, I don't want this brother's doing. Yeah. That's funny. That's crazy. Crazy. You out there? Yeah. So yeah, my parents were pissed. Like, and to the point where I was like talking to my uncle, being like, you know, rest his soul. He died this year. But, you know, talking to him like, yo, please like try and convince my mom that this YouTube thing is gonna be, you know, big.


And like he saw I was passionate in it. Like yeah, obviously there was no money in it, but like there was views, right? There were people looking and I was, my views were increasing. So there was definitely something there. And it got to a point where eventually, you know, I did start making, making money. And I remember the first paycheck I got was after like, getting into this partnership program through Machinima. I mean, that's a long thing to talk about, but I got about a hundred dollars and I was gassed. Yeah, bro. The first thing I bought was an Amani suit With a hundred dollars, A hundred dollars Amani suit.


It was the same one that gigs wore in a song called Game Over by Tinchy Schneider. Because I saw that music video and I was like, this that suit he's wearing is the coolest thing I've ever seen. Shout out the gigs too. Shout the, yeah. That's my guy, man. So I saw that and I was Like, I want that. So I found it online and I was like, yes, this is sick. And I used that and I was like, yeah, this, this is hard work that I'm wearing right now. And at that point I was like, cool, I'm gonna keep going harder and harder and harder to the point where I was making, you know, more than the teachers were making. Yeah. And at that point I was like, All right, why am I even in school? Why am I even doing this? Yeah. So I stopped school, you know, eventually, you know, eventually my parents were still adamant that I should have done school and everything.


But eventually, you know, when I was showing them the paychecks, they were like, yeah, yeah. Go, go Ham, man. You are passionate in This. How it feel for you that knowing that, okay, I was just a YouTuber man. I was just a, a, a kid that I seen the views. I didn't really see no money in this, but I seen the views and I just kept it going. I got my first check and I went and bought the same outfit that gigs had on in the video because I was a kid. That was the coolest me. Now when I see gigs, it's like Ks what's like, Yeah, yeah. It is. Like, I now I'm, Yeah, yeah. We're homies. Yeah. Right. Like, he invited me to a Christmas party that I'm going to.


So like, it's sick. Like, to me, one of one of the kids that, you know, just looking up to him, you know, as a musician and seeing what he is done for the scene, and then to just be like, cool with him. Yeah. That's crazy. Right? It's, it's Fucking don't, it don't make sense. Right. But it's, it's one of the things where if you believe in something, man, and if you're just passionate and hardworking and you don't care how many times you fail, eventually you are probably gonna get it. Yes. Yes. Yeah. That's me. How Did Prime come about? Prime came about through me and Logan having a fight.


I remember the fight. Yeah. So it started, I mean, I'll give you the whole run through. So with Boxing,


This episode of MillionDollazWorthOfGame is brought to you by DraftKings. It's the most wonderful time of the year holidays on the house at DraftKings casinos with their season offerings. Your unwrap, everything you wish for from table games and jackpots to slots at the top of everyone's list. Jingle Bell Power reels. Draft Kings is offering a warm welcome to new players with $100 instantly in casino credits with just a $10 wager. So what you throw up below 10 wha hundred instantly. What we talking about? That's, that's a good trade for me. I throw up 10 wha a hundred instantly. Oh man, that's a great trade with just $10 wager. Plus everyone can get into action with a holiday reward every week. So sign up with cold GILLIE 'cause the holiday Cheers here only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Put it on DraftKings Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly 21 and over physically. President Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only void in Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only opt-in required casino credits are non withdrawable and expire in 168 hours. Terms at casino.draftkings.com/promos.


Those, These two guys, Theo Baker, Joe Weller, they had a fight. It was like a barring fight, you know, type of thing. First thing, this was the first YouTube fight that was ever done. And it was quite cool because no one ever thought of it before. And back then Joe Weller was doing a load of random videos that were quite cool. So he did like WWE e moves in real life. So he would like tape people, SUEx them into a pool and stuff like that. And he'll have the soundtrack or the, the commentary of wwe. Yeah, yeah. Commentators actually Hogan. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And all.


Yeah. Yeah. So he did that. And then when he fought Theo Baker, I put in the, on the Instagram. 'cause they post, post up a poster of them fighting. I was like, oh, I'll fight the winner Low as a joke. So obviously Joe Willa wins. And then Joellen goes, All right, okay, so let's go. And you Was like, hold on, Hold up. No, no, I ain't, I ain't trying to fight. What the fuck? I ain't never fought. I've never fought in my life. I think the closest thing I've done to fighting was me maybe doing karate. I only got to the yellow belt with that. He was, he got to the pink belt. Yeah. Wait, pink. Wait, I don think there's a pink belt. I got to the black, I'm a black belt. Don't worry.


Wait, really? 13 times. 13 times black belt. Yeah. I'm pay him no attention. And yeah, So they, he came at me and I was like, nah. So When he came at you, like, what was in your mind? Like, oh shit, he really serious, bro. I, he was joking. Well, He, for, for him, he said like, I'm about to get Views. Yeah. If we Fight. So I'm, I'm gonna make this happen. Yeah. And I'm like, what the, yeah. Say I'm just there. Like, what, What the fuck you drinking all? Oh, this is just How much I drink every day, man. Water. Yeah, yeah. Water with PCAs, et cetera. Yeah. Yeah. You ain't playing. Yeah. Trained here. Trade mode. Well, I trained every day, man.


That's, it's a lifestyle. But anyway, Joe Weather was coming at me and it got to a point where the pressure was so much that I had to fight because online I'll be posting videos. All the comments is like, yo, why are you ducking? Joe Weller fight. Joel Weller fight. Joel Weller fight. Joel Weller. Like, people aren't even appreciating the videos that I'm releasing anymore. They're just talking about me wanting to fight Joe Weller. So I was like, All right, this, let's do a press conference and see what happens. And you wasn't training enough of you, bro. I, bro, I had a bit of a belly. I was just Like, I had no abs. I was outta shape, you know, I never done any exercise, bro. Didn didn't even know how to run like bro with cross country.


I was there like, whoa, That, It's why I hate that. So like, to then have to learn how to fight and everything. So we had a press conference. It got heated. It got really heated to the point where there was bad blood between us. And with that, I was like, All right, cool. I'm, I'm about to kill this. Hmm. I don't care. I'm gonna train. I'm gonna throw myself in there and just figure it out. So I did that. I started training, I did a couch to 5K to learn how to actually, you know, do a 5K 'cause I've never done It before. I then, you know, threw myself with Vidal, Riley and Leon Wills to learn how to fight, learn how to, you know, get in there Boxing and bro, I'm getting my arm beat.


Left, right center. I remember I fought Gib with one of my first spa, and he just beat the, You fought who? A guy called Gib. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. So he Beat, he whoop your, He actually fought last week. Yeah. Against Slim. So Slim was seven and oh, and yeah, he just put him, rolled him in a lift, man. Just packed him up. But yeah, so I'm there, sparring getting beat up, da da da, da da. But, you know, eventually I'm starting to get the hang of it and got to a point where we have a deadline February 3rd, that's when we're fighting. So I walk out, I'm getting Booed. Booed because Bo like, he had a movement.


Everyone was like, yeah, Joel is that guy. Yeah. You know, he's tough guy. He's got the abs, he's ripped. No one's beating. Was You scared? Yo, if I'm being honest to Death, yeah. Yo, you walking out fight another grown man. This is Ridiculous. I'm hearing the couple box arena sold out. I'm there walking to booing and I'm fighting this guy who's already had like a year plus advantage on me in terms of like, training. Yeah. So I'm like, man, this is, this is hard. But I gotta show face and be like, yo, I don't care. I don't care. I'm the guy, you know, I'm laughing at people booing at me.


I'm, they're like, whatever it is what it is. So I go to the ring, then he comes out, everyone's cheering, saying, yo, Joel is that guy. Let's go. He's gonna win this, da da da da da da da. He walks in, you know, we're just staring at each other. We're like, yeah, this is it. This is huge. Holy shit. We're about to do a madness today. Round one. You know, he freezes up, he's there like, he hits me a few shots, but then, you know, I'm bouncing a lot, throwing jabs, you know, I'm just trying to stay away from him. And then it's like, yo, I'm actually All right. After round one I was like, I'm All right. Like, I don't, I'm not too scared right now.


So round two, you know, I start putting on him. Yeah. I start really putting on him and then he's there like, oh shit. You can tell, like, he doesn't know what to do. Yeah. In the fight, you could tell. Well, The occasion I think kind of got to him. Yeah. And then round three, bro, at that point I was like, it's go time, bro. Yeah. I'm about to beat this up. Yeah. And then I do, bro, ref goes, enough is enough. TKO I'm celebrating. That Was that greatest feeling you ever had. Well, One of the best feelings I've ever had My life. But, but was you, was you, was you, was it the point where you was like, when you hit him a couple times the first time and you felt that you'd done something, was you like, oh shit, this outta mindset. I thought he was, Well, I think it was more like a, I was just kind of confused as to why I wasn't getting beat as I was getting beaten in like sparring.


Right. So I throw jab and then I was expecting, you know, multiple shots. Right. But he wasn't giving me any. So I was like, oh shit, okay, let me hit with jab or nothing's happening. Hit with another jab, nothing's happening. I'm like, but, But in sparring he's probably fighting real fighters. Yeah. Yeah. So they trained to, you throw a jab at them, they catching a five extra. Yeah. Catching that, that going with more. So he's so used to getting shot, hit with shots. He don't even where it's coming, doing sparring. You, he got in the rink, he waiting for that shit. He waiting to go to sleep. But you fighting a regular. Yeah. They don't know that. So we like legit I'm there like that. He didn't, he didn't hit me.


He hit me like, All right, Lemme go again. We keep going and we keep going and then the confidence starts building. And all of a sudden I'm Like, I, and then you start to realize, wait, I was fighting real live fighters. I'm fighting a regular fucker like me today. I thought he was like a proper fighter as well, because like, especially with stuff that you saw online, you just saw him like beating up the pads. Like, you know, the pads, The pads don't Punch back. Yeah, it's true. It's true. Like, don't punch back. And I guess the whole occasion just proper got to him and yeah, man, he just got starstruck and then, yeah, it was night nights. So at that point I was like, cool, I'm a call out LoganPaul, Jake, Paul, any of the pools.


'cause I was Like, I want to try and reach America. Yeah. Because I was like, with the whole Boxing, I felt like that was the best way to do it. Yeah. Like, you know, I tried with music, but obviously with music it's, it's kind of hard, especially with Americans. 'cause of the accent. Yeah. A lot of people were like, oh, we don't, And all Americans are there like, oh, we don't like UK accents, da da da da. Yeah. So with the Boxing, it just made sense. And then, you know, Logan was like, So right after that was LoganPaul. After that was LoganPaul. Yeah. And then there was no looking back. Well, That's it. So first, the first fight was the Manchester Arena sold out.


You won, right? It was a draw. It was a draw. It was a draw. And then there was the second one in LA Staple Center. That was when I won. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That was when I trained hard to win that. But Logan is like, bro, He's Big as Bro. Logan is massive. Like, in both terms. In in terms of like size and in terms of like notoriety. Yes. But everyone knows LoganPaul. And then to then fight him as well, bro. Like his arms are huge. Like that's what I'm saying, that, that, that was like a big weight difference, wasn't it? Oh Bro. Of course. But Like, I was there like, Yeah, Yolo man. It's crazy. 'cause it's crazy how he never had a fight or none of that shit.


Didn't just, he just don't give a fuck. And did just, he won and rumbled and did that fight was like cocaine for him. He was Gimme more. Oh bro. He was like, It was a great deal. Gimme more Real. Yeah. Yeah. So I was like, bro, I, I was feeling myself. I felt the confidence, the aura, the, my ego was just sky high. I was like, man, let just go in and just do, do something. And you know, I've kind of had this attitude all my life. Even with the tummy Fury fight,


Morning tobacco smoke increases the risk of lung cancer and heart disease, even in non-smokers. This episode of a MillionDollazWorthOfGame is brought to you by Swisher Sweets. Swisher Sweets knows you are all about to level up. And so are they with a family of brands that provide a smoke for any sesh. With Swisher Sweets is more than a sesh. It's a refresh. Ignite an icon with Swisher Sweets savor, hand selected pipe tobacco with BLK, elevate your smoking experience with legend, or kick back and enjoy America's broad leave aged for two years in leave. Whether you're gathering your crew for a SES or having a smoke alone for a moment of reflection, refresh your SES with Swisher. Sweet.


Right. Everyone's there. Like, bro, look at the size of Tommy Fury and you wanna fight him, you have no chance against him. He's gonna absolutely knock you out. He's been Boxing for years. That's all he does. Boxing. Boxing a love island. That was it. Yeah. So then to get in the ring and arguably beat him, bro, like shot everyone up. Yes, he did. Obviously you got people being like, oh, you still lost. But then I go, All right, show me the highlights. Show me the parts where he was beating me up, beating me up. People struggle. You know what I mean? So it's just, I, I love just, you know, like it take a lot Of heart to do That myself. Yeah. But like, you know, I, I got that dog in me, man.


And then with that, anyway, going back to the Prime with LoganPaul, you know, we fought, it was done. And then we linked up again for his podcast and then also fought this thing called the KSI Show. It was like a show where I was just showing like all my music and I was like performing and also had like a bit of a skate. It was something done, something that had, hasn't really been done before. And I released that it was like pay-per-view at the time. And then I released it eventually, you know, years later on YouTube. But with that, we both linked up and did those things and we started just talking with each other and we realized, you know, we're quite similar.


And we were quite cool. Like, at the time there was a lot of bad blood. Like I was going at his misses at the time at his family, bro. I was, I was on, he was going to a by I was, I was going mad. Yeah. It was crazy. The shit I was doing. And then, you know, eventually we just linked up, you know, started talking, you know, made up. And then yeah, eventually he was just became a friend. You know, we just see each other a few times, you know, just talk a few times. And eventually came up with this idea. Like, he came to me like, yo, we should do a drink together. And I was like, what? I was like, what the hell? What kind of drink?


And he was like, yo, let's release a drink that could, you know, rival with Coke and, you know, Pepsi and Gatorade And all these other drinks. And it, it was called Prime. So, you know, I tried it and I was like, oh, this, this tastes real good. And then, you know, one thing led to another and eventually we got to this point where we were about to launch, and then I ducked out. So you Ducked out? I ducked out. So the reason why was because one of the, one of the partners of Prime, I'd never like met before, as in like, I'd never even seen his face.


So I was al like, for me, I'm there, like I'm really hands on with everything I do. So, you know, I was there like constantly be being like, yo, I want to see this guy. I wanna see this guy, I wanna see this guy. And once it got to a point where we were about to launch, I was Like, I, I don't trust it. I don't trust this whole thing. And then I pieced out and then eventually I saw his face. You know, we talked, we figured out what the things I needed to reassure me. And then once that was done, we released it and it became one of the fastest selling drinks of all time, man. I-C-A-B-A we in the games, it'd be in the video games on the mats.


I see it aWhere. Now. Now, is this the biggest thing you ever done In terms, in terms of money? Yes. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. But in terms of like, well, I just like, maybe even like in terms of fame, probably. Yeah. Because I, I know people who are drinking this and don't even know that I own it. That's it. Like, it's at that level and it's sick. Like, I, I never, me and Logan never expected to get to this. What year, what year did y'all start that? Sorry? What year you started? We started 20, was it 2022? Yeah, 20, 22. Two years later. Two years later, bro. It's just, and it's just still growing and like, we're still taking it to different countries and that's what's so sick about it.


Like, it's not just in America, it's in uk it's in loads of places in Europe. It's in loads of places in Africa. It's in Australia. Like it's, it's worldwide. And you know, there was, you know, we'd recently just launched it in India. So it's, you know, it's one of, it's a thing that can just transcend throughout all nationalities and it's just sick. So that's major To you. What's to you personally? Yeah. What's your biggest thing you did to date that touched your heart the most? That, I mean Was, was it the fight when you, when you first started, when you beat, when you beat my man?


Because that really, that really catapulted you kinda like, Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I know a lot of Americans knew him about me because of that. I remember I saw Justin Bieber, you know, watching and I was there like, holy man, that's, this is pretty crazy. Let me ask you a question. Who have you bumped into? That's like, yo KSI and I'm talking, but I'm talking about early in the game when you first starting to blow you, you bump into 'em and you like, holy shit. I think they know me. Oh. Oh man, it's gonna be hard. I I, I think most recently it would have to be 50, 50 CENT was pretty, pretty big.


Yeah. 50 CENT j you know Jason Statham? Yeah, bro. He came up to you. He like, yo, isn't he an actor? Actor? Yeah. Yeah. He was Like, I respect what you do, bro. I was there like, how the fuck, do you know who I am? Yeah. Yeah. I, that, that was sick. Yeah. I mean there's just so many like, you know, obviously The Rock as well. He was a big one. Fuck you up, huh? He like, well, I mean, I think for me, like it's just, it's just quite surreal to meet all these celebrities more these people that, you know, I've seen in movies or I've seen, you know, musically smashing it and you know, people at the highest of the highest and you know, they're giving me that respect.


Yeah. And they're there like, yeah. You know, I've seen your grind and I fucked it. Yeah. It's just sick man. Yeah. Like it's just


This episode of MillionDollazWorthOfGame is brought to you by none other than New Amsterdam Vodka. Now life ain't going your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught chill woman cheating today. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming and it didn't come your way. Shot a new Amsterdam boxer distilled five times. It's filtered three times for a clean, crisp finish. Now you could drink it straight up on the rocks juice of soda, or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. That's up to you. But when you out and about at your local liquor store, don't you dare walk past this new Amsterdam. You scoop it up like a fumble at the gold line. You run it to that counter, boop, get it home, put it on ice and it's gonna be everything you like. New Amsterdam Vodka. Get you some the official vodka bars through sports and NAV New Amsterdam Vodka. And it's just like that.


Right?


This episode of MillionDollazWorthOfGame is brought to you by BODY ARMOR, sports water, the alkaline water that provides real hydration, real electrolytes for real taste. Everybody's always drinking in the office around me, you know, at the studio, everybody, you know this one thing, this is a studio favorite right here. You gotta stay hydrated. The sports drink, the zero sugar, and even the flash IV after a long weekend, we can get, we can't get enough of BODY ARMOR. The sports water, in my opinion, is the best water on the market. I've been telling y'all that for a minute. Make sure you go get yours at Walmart or a local grocery store. And don't forget when you are out and about. Matter of fact, I ain't gonna lie, I'm a little thirsty right now. I'll me crack this puppy needed that. When you out and about, make sure you get you something probably on a sports water. Why would you get any other water when you could get BODY ARMOR?


Right? Yeah, man. Kind of unbelievable, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Being there like maybe like 2015. Yeah. That's crazy. You a middle room warrior bro in your momma's middle room. Keep you taking the TV down, the PlayStation, the Xbox. They Laughing, they look at he crazy Mom upstairs talking, that boy gotta get a goddamn job. I'm tired of this. Yeah. And now you like, Be crazy. One of the biggest figures in the world, man. Well, yeah, man, it's, I mean here. And that is quite wild. I'm so bad at taking compliment by the way, as some people You seem like a humble guy.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean online because as like KSI, I'm able to like be confident and be that egotistical guy that everyone's, they're Like, I fuck him. You know? He just thinks he's the all the time and I'm able to like come through with that swag. But then, you know, in real life, bro, I'm so, Like, I Can't lay back myself. Yeah. You know, my girlfriend is just quiet, like, doesn't wanna be famous. She works at the NH s, like normal nine to five. She's super, super simple. You know? I Oh, She still work? Yeah. Yeah. You never said, listen, let me just, Why would No, you never said let me just, No, No.


So, so you a girl working regular nine to five every day. Yep. Yep. And you'd be running around the world. How did that work? So I met her through Tinder. Get, is you kidding me? I was Tinder better pay you for that. Did they pay you need a check for check? Get him a check. Get him the check from 10 days, If anything, Tinder. So, so, so, so, so, but listen, listen. So you mean to tell me, you KSI you doing, all you doing, you go Outside chicks, ah, and You on tin. How did you do this? Break it down. How did it go? Where was you at? What made you go and like, how did it start? All right, so it was about what, 2017?


20 16, 20 17. I was going through my phase. Yeah. Where I was like, oh, okay, I got money, I got fame. Let me, let me enjoy myself. Yeah. So I was doing that a lot. And you know, back then it was just Tinder or Bumble. There wasn't really any others. I think. I mean, later on it was like rare and stuff like that. But, But why did you, you go to the store, the grocery store and find it Like, nah, but I, it is just because I'm an online guy. But your picture on your picture on the, on the page, right? Yeah. Yeah. You think they won't know who you was? They, So they didn't, or a lot of them didn't? Maybe some did.


The reason why is because Like, I had a really male audience, so a lot of the females didn't really know of me. It was only when the music really started going is when I got like a mixed audience where it was female and male and obviously just being mainstream in general. But yeah, it was mainly like a male audience. So like, there'd be women that wouldn't know of me, but then all of a sudden I'd get way more attention from them. Yeah. Outta nowhere. And it's because they have a brother and the bros like, yo, That's Ksr. That's ksr. What the fuck? Like, that's crazy. Like, I, I remember I, well like went, I Like, I would go, I went to like, I saw a girl and then I went over to her place and like the bro was there and he was just shook.


He just mouth wide open, staring like, oh shit. And like, the sister was like, what the fuck going on? What's wrong with you? And he's just there like, like he couldn't believe it. And I'm just there like, Hey is what is man? Like let's, let's go to bedroom. But That's crazy. He on he, he on Tinder and he like, I'm pulling up. He not even having to pull up on him. He, Well, that's why I'm just like a normal guy. Like, so I'm just You not a normal Nah, At that time you ain't Normal. Right. So like, yeah. So I kind of just did a load of that. And then, you know, my misses was just like, just one of the other women that I was just seeing.


And then I kind of just enjoyed, you know, chilling with her. I was there like, oh, okay, what the fuck? This is weird. Like, I'm just meant to, you know, in and out and this is what it is. We just, I'm just here for fun. And I always said that Like I, I was never looking for a relationship because, you know, I got the world ahead of me. I got so much to do. You know, I'm focused on business. But yeah, I just enjoy talking to her and like, the way we would talk, it just, it was perfect. Like, you know, the way we would text, she wasn't like needy or anything. She gave me my space. It was just super nice and chill. So it gotta a point where I was like, oh, I actually like spending time with her. Right. Then I saw more often, more often. And eventually I started cutting other girls out.


Yeah. And then eventually I was there like, yo, I want, I wanna make you my girlfriend. And she was just there like, what the fuck? Like, well, this is Just gonna be fun. She was like, okay. Yeah. But sure. Yeah. Yeah. And then, yeah, one thing led to another and then yeah, I've just been with her. But, but the Working thing, I'm a little shocked about the nine to five. Well, yeah. So she's, she's an independent person. Right. She doesn't want to just rely on me. Right. Like she just does her own thing, you know? That's just how she is. And, and I respect women. That's on it. You don because a lot of times You don I know it. I know, I know. No, because a lot of times a woman will let a guy set 'em up Yeah. And put 'em behind the eight ball. Yeah. You know what I mean?


I don't work now, she ain't got nothing going on for herself. Now, five, six years go by, I wanna break up with you short, you behind the eight ball. Now if I don't give you some money, I don't break you off. Then you busting and disgusting out this. So it's always good for a woman to be Like, I I love you, boo. You my man, you take care of shit. But I gotta have my own going on as well. Mm. You know what I mean? So How do you maintain all of it with success? How do you maintain relationship with success and you just all over the place and how do you create get time? Communication. Okay. Communication helps a lot, bro. I'm always talking to her, you know, I'm always letting her, what's going on. Even what, you know, like where I'm at, what I'm doing every day, I let her know.


It's not like, oh, I'm just going out and that's it. Like, I tell her what I'm doing every day, you know, I let her know all of that. And then, yeah. You know, I, I find time for her as well. So like, you know, these past few weeks, months I've been traveling a lot and you know, to a certain extent it's been kind of hard for her because, you know, she's the type of person that her love language is time and like being there. So you know, me being there so when I'm not there, you know, it's, it does, you know, slowly take a toll. But you know, I make sure I find time for her. So then when I am there, you know, I'm like, All right, let's do, you know, cool stuff together.


So we play, you know, the new Black Ops six, we playing zombies together. You know, we reach like level 20 the, a few weeks ago, which was sick for both of us. Or you know, we play other random Xbox games, PlayStation games, we just do card games, et cetera. You know, play Monopoly deal and stuff like that. Or we just watch a movie together, watch series together, you know, watch TV together. Just like, we just do a lot of stuff together. You know, go restaurants, you know, I take her out holidays And all this And all of that. You know, it's just finding the time for her, you know, in between my crazy schedule. Right. I still make sure I find time to, like, a lot of times, especially when I've got a busy day, I make sure the evenings is for her.


Yeah. And that's just it. Like, that's how I make it work for me. How much, how much time, how much time a week did you spending on creating content? Filming recording games? I mean it's, I think maybe it really depends. How Many hours do you think? A week? Hours a week. So I guess let's, let's say like my normal day, I'd wake up nice and early, like 7:30 AM and then I'm going gym. So I'm leaving eight 30 to go to the gym at nine. And then 9:00 AM I'm in the gym working hard. Like my trainers kill me, man. They put me through hell, but it's 'cause they just want the best for me.


They want me to be the highest level. So I do that. I train, get back, eat, shower, and then depending on if I'm doing like a sideman video. So Sideman is a group of your group? Yeah. My, my group, it's not my group, but a group I'm in where we all do videos together from like cheap versus expensive videos to hide and seek to just random stuff. But like, it's together and it's funny and it's, you know, a good time. So I, you know, film that. And then after that I'm finding time to do a 5K run, like after all of that.


And then I'm chilling, eating, shower again. And then that's eating. So You are just going 5K run for no reason. Well, it's like my second session. Yeah. Well, Hey, So wait, hold on. So you'll go out in the morning. That's, that's Why I'm dressed Like this. But you'll go out in the morning. Yeah. And then you'll go after you workout showers and do some skits and then run 5K. 5K. Yeah. After that you take another shower, you eat, I Eat. And then that's evenings for me and my misses. How many cameramen you got? You got a bunch of cameramen. I mean, I mean, I guess so I've got my personal one. So that's one. Especially when I travel.


So, So, so now he, he's shooting any editing, So he shoots 10 edits. Yeah. Yeah. And then in sideman. Oh. But we, we've got like 15, 20, 25 cameramen there. And then, I mean, I, I guess that's about it. Unless I'm doing music, then music video. That's a load of cameras. Boxing. If we're doing a Boxing event for, that's a ton of cameras there. So Yeah, we got a Boxing event coming up December 20th. Yeah. December 20th. Killing wallow knockout party. Yeah. It's Crazy. Crazy. It, it'd be crazy Asha. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well wait, as in you are Fighting? No, No, no.


We get people out, out like just regular people. Oh. I'm a home healthcare worker. And they'll be fighting a, a construction worker and Fight is not here. See him. He looks scary, don't he? Yeah. Yeah. Good. Look bro. What is that? It's watch. I, I'm Not excited. Could you fight him? Oh yeah. Easy. Easy. No, look, watch, watch, watch. Oh bro. Oh, oh, oh, oh. He came. What's he doing? Did you see how menacing he looked? Oh, is he trying to with his head?


Yeah. So we, we throw it. This That's amazing. Yeah. That's, It is regular People. Yeah. Just regular People Sick. And we our own, we got our own energy drink. Yeah, yeah. Pur fuel. Our drinks drink. Yeah. Official Sports drink for the Philadelphia 76ers and Chicago scholar. Oh shit. Oh, so you're doing your thing as well? No, We trying to get some game. No, there Is bro, bro. We'll, working together, I had to ask you, you know what I mean? Give Some game, you know what I mean? But it's like you just, you just killing everything. But it's, it, it, it is amazing how you make time in your life, like your everyday life. Yeah. Because people will think, people will go on YouTube and see this stuff and they just think all you do is shoot, shoot, shoot, no life, shoot, shoot, shoot. No life, shoot, shoot, shoot. No life shoot. They don't understand. And it's good that you broke it down the show that, you know, you make time for what things that matter.


Exactly. You fine. And that, that is the most important thing, man. That is what I'd say is the foundation for everything. Like if you, if you don't water the foundation, bro, everything's gonna collapse. Yeah. And you know, same with like, you know, mental health and everything that, bro, I always get that in check all the time. So whenever, you know, I'm feeling the type of way I go see a therapist And all of that, and I make sure I'm, you know, all good, talk about my problems, et cetera. And then I just Yeah. Go on with the day. So break that down to me a therapist. You, 'cause I've never went and seen one. Yeah. I just think I would feel Ahuh. You come to me. I think I would feel a little funny just going in there and talking to somebody.


Yeah. That I absolutely have no clue who they are. What, how, how does that work for you? Well it's, it's bro, it's so simple. Like, you know how you work out Yeah. To get better physically. Yeah. So a therapist is like working out, but mentally trying to improve your, your brain. 'cause obviously without this, bro, none of this works, bro. You can't do a rap without your brain. Like you, you can't do stuff without making sure your mind's right. So all you do is just talk, man. Did The therapist ever tell you something and you was Like, I don't agree with that lady. I don't agree with that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Of course you can.


Yeah. Like you can disagree and then, you know, you can have a back and forth. But that's it. It's a conversation and it's you letting it out to someone that has no relationship to anything else that you have. So it's just nice to just Talk. And how long it took you to find the, the therapist that you want? Did you had to go to multiple? Luckily, I only there was one and she was the perfect one. Yeah. And the thing is, I don't even go, I've never met her in person. I've never met her in person. It's all just through Zoom. That's it. I just like text her like, yo, can we find some time?


And then boom zoom link. And I just talk. It's so easy for me. Like imagine me having to actually go to see her. Like, a lot of times that can be quite daunting. And I know a lot of people feel a type of way because of that. But like for me and her, bro, I've never met her. I've just done everything through, through Zoom and it's just made my brain How, how many times a month? So it depends. Like, if, if I'm really going through something, then I, I'd try to do it like every week and then if it's All right, then maybe once a month. And if it's blessed then, you know, I'm just, I don't need to see her. And that's just it. Like, I haven't seen her for, I, I think I've only seen it once this year.


Yeah. It's just, Oh, so this year been a hell of a year smooth ride, huh? We ain't had no complaints. No. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's just it. And, and like yeah, I always, I always tell everyone, you know, it's always important to make sure this is in check. 'cause Yeah. It's just


This episode of MillionDollazWorthOfGame is brought to you by Duke CANNON. Look at this. Well look at this. Look. Look at the varieties. Look. Lemme just, just show you the varieties first. Oh man. What are we talking about? Maybe you've seen du Canon products in Target, Walmart, or your local hardware store. If not, let me introduce you. Du Canon makes a variety of men's grooming goods, big bricks of soap, thick body wash, beer care stuff, colognes and hair wash. They also donate money to veterans causes each year through the Duke Cannons veteran fund. Simply put, they give a damn and their products work hard and smell terrific. Most of the year I'm a saw two thick body wash guy. Then in the fall I like the buffalo tree soups. But during the holiday season, which is pretty much here, I put the big of cold soap on my wishlist is a holiday classic, like die hard shop now at duke CANNON dot com. Amazon and Target or Walmart. They're everywhere. Like broken glass go forth and save 20% on soap bundles and gift sets, the products, the packaging. You won't find better gifts for men on your list this year. 20% off right now. What are we talking about? Du CANNON. Get it right.


So you feel as though those conversations Really Do something for you mentally? Yeah. Yeah man, it just helps make things clearer for me. Yeah. Like, and makes me understand, oh, okay, I felt this type of way because of how I was during my childhood. Like a lot of the problems that we have, you know, as adults you can go back to childhood to understand it and why, you know, you were, you were a certain way or you are a certain way. And then once you understand that, you go, okay cool, let me make a change now. Let me fix it up. You know, lemme not just do repeat the past problems of, you know, my past generation and the generation before that, lemme be the one that makes a change.


What would you think say is the biggest change you've made? Saying no. Yeah. I used to always just say yes to everything. Because I remember as a child, if I ever said no to my parents, I'm getting beat. Yeah. Like, like there's no talking. I'm just, it's like you are saying yes to this every time. So after that, you know, even in real life, in like, as in my adult life, I would just say yes to everything. Yes. You talking about any, I'm always trying to please people and everything. Yeah. So Success coming, people want stuff from you. Yeah. You say yes, yes, yes. Say yes, yes, yes. So I didn't even care about myself. So I'm there, shattered, knackered, tired, but I'm saying yes just to make sure, like psychologically, you know, mentally.


And they're Like, I can't say no, I can't say no. You know, I, I don't want that, that mental belt essentially. So eventually, you know, after I saw a therapist, 'cause I was there like, bro, I just, I just don't feel good, you know, I'm just, I feel like I'm putting myself out there all the time. I'm being used up and that I've got nothing left for myself. Eventually I was like, oh, okay, we taught this, this, that, that she told me about like my childhood. 'cause I just talked to her about everything and then I understood like, oh, okay, so I, it's okay to say no you know what I mean? It's okay to say no. Like obviously I'm there, Like, I wanna make sure everyone's happy. I wanna please everyone. But it's like, nah, you've gotta, sometimes just think about yourself, you know?


As long as you are good, then it doesn't really matter. So stuff like that. Yeah. And then there's, there's loads of others, but like, you know, something, something like that definitely helps. So, yeah, He's amazing. He got a hard time seeing though. Yeah. Nah, he's Lying. Oh really? No. He'll tell him he don't kill. I let him know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I love him. That's his favorite man. I late on my renting. No, no, Because kicked Out. No, because People, people, the story of no is deep because it's like, you could say three. Yes. One no. And everybody upset.


Yeah. Yeah. I'm saying what I, what I just pulled to Yes, you did. And, and it and it enabled people. Yeah. Because people always feel as though they could come. They, they, it is never one time they keep coming back. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, can I go with you? Can I do this? Can you be like, yeah. Then you say no. What? Yeah. Yeah. You just the worst person in the world. Yeah. So it's deep. It's like you just, but I'm, I think a lot of people that's successful. That's, that's one of the obstacles they had to go through with people in they life. Always want to take advantage of your money, your resources, everything, your time. Yeah. And you know, it's like you can't be there for everybody. 'cause you, you are neglect yourself and even the ones you love. 'cause you're trying to be there for everybody else. And it's just Like, I, there's nothing left for you.


It's just real crazy. So I got, I got this kid, right? He in Philly, he's a streamer. He coming up it's name Rod. I wanna call him and I want you to give him some words. Okay? I want you to give him some words if he, if he answer. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because he doing, he doing, he doing something right now. Okay. He's, he's streaming right now. He look up to you dudes too, man. Yeah. Oh, for real? He Is young. His name Rod, rod. Rod. Rod. Rod G. Let me see if he answer. He better answer. He Probably, You don, he be Might Be asleep. He like, he like one of the, he like to probably the biggest streamer in Philadelphia. I, Phil. So we like to get a young guy's motivation, you know what I mean?


He must, but he, his motivation though, lemme see, you hear me? We try to give him some motivation. Oh my God. He, his motivation Telling, man, what the hell? How did you, he must be online but still don't you answer your phone when you on there. Well what, what time is it in America right now? Coast. Oh, he should be up coast. Yeah. Yeah, For Monday. Lemme see. What is he doing? Lemme see if he on live. I know he not on live. That he would've, he would've fell out about that. He Like, oh my god. Fuck. Don't worry about it. He gonna see it all here and be like, man, I'm fucked.


Y'all should have told me. I know. You know, Wallo always trying to look out, man. Is he here? Right here? Is this live? He really on here. Is that him? Oh shit. Is that, is he in the crib laying Bro? He look, no, no, he's not even there. He, that's him right in the bed. Oh No. Yeah, he's asleep bro. How is he asleep on? Oh, He out. He yo he doing cops and that shit too. Huh? He's Gone, bro. He asleep right now. We, bro, you about to message him. Why he ain't gonna see that? Well, I, I can't even do it. How many people is watching This seen live streaming? Him just sleep?


How Many people, how many people is watching this? How many, How do you know? How Can you see? Oh yeah. 739. He, He's watching him sleep. Just watching him sleep, bro. And I just called his phone and his phone was, his phone was just right here. Rod, how You don have your phone going? What's, look, You see his phones? Look, look, look at his phone. Isn't she there? Yeah. Yeah. Zoomed in. Damn. Damn. That's His, his, his, his streamings would've went up through the roof. We trying to look out for the kid. He won't pick the fuck. All right, so I'm gonna make a video. Alright. So Rod, I call you, try to FaceTime you, but you would sleep in the crib and it's 10 30.


I don't know, do they pose to sleep this early if they streaming? I don't know. It depends when he's, when he was, he Trying to call you with the Guy, so, so I want you to just give him some words of encouragement. He doing his thing. He young and he's a, he's a beast. He's gonna big. Okay, so could you give him some words? Rod? Rod. Rod, rod. I obviously we saw you on the live stream, Sleeping, falling asleep. We try to call you game's, the game, man. But I mean, if anything, it kind of shows how important it is to always be alert for opportunities. Like this was a huge opportunity that you just missed out on.


So you gotta always be alert bro. And in terms of with the streaming, man, just keep going. Like you might have good days, you might have bad days. Keep going man. Consistency is the key because with that more opportunity and then with opportunity you can capitalize on on all of that and become one of the best streamers you can be like Kai speed. You can, you know, get to the very, very top. Like we all saw what Kai's done with this subhan again, like over 700,000 subs. Man. Like it's incredible. And like that guy has been putting in work. So that's What you gotta do as well. You gotta put in the work and things will happen.


And then also just always have fun with it. Don't be afraid to try new things. You know, just ask your audience what they wanna see from you. Ask or look online with stuff that interests you. And don't be afraid to just do stuff out the box. Don't be a person that just stays in their own lane and never branches out because eventually bro, people just get tired and bored and move on. So yeah, always look to improve your content. Look to evolve your content and Yeah. And then they have fun. Bro. That was game, that was game that was guidance. Attention, motivation and education.


Being he was Asleep. He is full asleep, but he must be up all night and his phone was right there. He hear. But Listen man, I appreciate you. Yes. You know, for that. But I appreciate what you do because it's a lot of kids out here, right? Mm. That in America, I know they're, they're fascinated with street culture. Yeah. And what they do is, is snatch their individualism away from theirself and they're not a, they don't want to be themself no more. Everybody wanna be the same thing. But now you know, it's a different outlet of kids like you, there's embracing their individualism to say, no, I'm not going out there. I'm not gonna do this. So I salute you because you're aspiring a lot of kids rather, you know it or not.


You might don't, you might be in the cut chilling, but there's kids that could say, I don't have to go to the streets. I don't have to be criminal. I don't have to do this to be cool. I could be Myself. My 5-year-old nephew ask me, did I know you ask me did I know Ka or not? Yeah. Yeah. He five. He's five Reggie. Wow. Gie he said me, you know, KSI shit called Reggie. I'm like, what? He probably in school right now. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So it's just, it is just unbelievable. It's like, he's like, you know, Kyle had to like pull up the, the me and os Mworthofgame with Kyle. I'm like, yeah I know Kyle.


I'm like, he's sitting there like, I'm like five years old. Yeah. Asking about That's crazy. Yeah. Streamers and, and YouTubers and boxers. And think about that though, at five years old. That's, that's powerful. That's powerful man. And, And all the things that y'all doing out here, man. I salute y'all man. Nah, thank you so much man. 'cause even you even bring like, you know, some motivation to a guy like me when I see you got Prime. I see what y'all doing with Prime. Yeah. Yeah. We got Pure fuel and we just looking. Yeah. We Watching, we Game, we watching, we soaking the game up. Trust me. Yeah. Yeah. We soaking it up from afar and a part of us wanting to interview you was to get some game from you.


Yeah. You know, we always give out a lot of the game to the youth, but shit, you ain't never too old to take some game. So Yeah. We appreciate the game you gave us on Prime and how, you know, how it started and how you, how we're make making it happen worldwide because that's, that's what our goals and aspirations are with Pure Fuel. Yeah. And it's, it's good that, you know, even you flying over, you know, to interview me and then hopefully just interview other like legends in the uk, send skip to gigs, you know, Dave, et cetera. Like it's cool because there's a lot of Americans that just don't do that. Right. You know, there's a lot of Americans that just go, nah man, Like I don't need to do that. But we understand them, we understand you guys' importance on a global Yeah.


Aspect. Yeah. You know what I mean? And sometimes you guys feel like unappreciated. Yeah, yeah. Like damn they don't, how can I be this big over here and I'm not the same over there. Yeah. Yeah. And now you see a kid like Central C he's growing fast over there. Yeah. I'm talking about. So you know, it is all about time and a lot of times it's all about opportunities. Yeah. And now the UK is really getting the opportunities. And I came over here. I, I'm the culture advisor of the YouTube. Okay. I came over here to bring a program called that I created called YouTube Avenues with tma. YouTube Avenues is a program.


Where is though? We put four or 500 people in a room and we educate them on how to start the YouTube, how to scale on YouTube, how to monetize the YouTube. I'm doing it with cre Sick. I'm doing it this Thursday. Yeah. That's sick. So we bring, so, so we came here to do that too. Yeah. So, you know, it's like, so we Already did all this Oakland and we did a bunch of Philly, But that's the first time we brung it out of the country. Yeah. And we, first place we came was to London. Wow. Yeah. That's, well appreciate you bro. That's sick man. Yeah. That's what it's about. It's good to see, You know, just making it happen. But we appreciate you Yes man, for taking the time to be here. It's all good. Keep going up. Keep doing your thing.


Keep being creative. Yeah, yeah. Keep, you know, living outside of the boundaries that and the barriers that people put on us as people and just, just keep shining man. And we respect much love. Thank you. Thank you. Massive respect. Appreciate you man. I knew you're about to go run a 5K. 5K Run. 5K. It's nothing to do. Ain't nothing to do man. I'm just gonna get money many miles. Workout, beat people up, drink prom and run five kids 3.2 miles. That ain't bad. How long do it take you? I mean, it depends like my fastest was 1810, but if I'm chilling I'll probably just do it in about like 22 minutes. That ain't bad. Yeah, that's fast.


Yeah. You run it every day. Every day. Yeah. 10 K on Sundays. 10 K. Yeah. So That's six miles. Six miles. So that's six points. How Much weight did you lose? So right now I'm just chilling around two 10. Alright. Did you lost a lot of weed from running? No, because I eat a lot. Yeah. So I, I'm trying to just Maintain a certain amount. So you fought Lu what Lu was about two 60. Two 50? No, No, no, no. He, so I'm only getting bigger now, But like he was about what, 2 30, 2 20, something like that. And then for me I was Like 180.


Let me let y'all rumble. All right. So you got a new single coming out. Talk, talk to me about this. Some things got leaked and people, Well I mean I had a load of songs leak this year, like a pretty much an album's worth of songs leak. And it got to point where I kind of just got pissed off, But Engineer and somebody, one of the engineers. How do your songs get It Leak Somebody? Well I, I know like, because it was songs as well that I totally forgot about. So when they just released all of that and I saw online, I was just like, oh my God. But then there was this one song that everyone was like gravitating towards and that song was called Dirty.


So a load of people were like, oh my god, Billie Eilish is on this. They were like, yo, what the fuck? Oh my God. Oh my God. And then they heard me on it as well, come in with a different source that I've never really done before. And they were like, yo, what the, like it blew everyone's mind. 'cause a lot of people see me as this YouTube rapper, YouTube musician, blah blah blah. But then they heard that song and they were like, yo, this is crazy. So obviously, you know, I've released a song anonymous as in like, I'm not gonna say who the of female artists is. 'cause obviously it's just gone through loads of trials and tribulations 'cause of it.


But just gonna release that and just let people, you know, fully enjoy it. Yeah. But it's a, it's a song that no one expected me to be able to do. Yeah. Yeah. And it's gonna just, it's, it's just kind of mind blowing. December 13th it come out. Yeah. Yeah. You ready? Of course. Shoot a video. Shoot a Video for, we'll see, we'll see. We'll see how it does. We'll see how it does. But yeah, When the album coming out, We'll see. We'll see man. Yeah. Yeah. You got so much on I got four Fight. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Lemme just chill without man. Lemme just relax. Lemme just put our singles sauce. Singles. Singles? Yeah.


Singles. Singles. No. You know what's crazy? Singles is good, man. Just, it just, I think singles is good because it allow the audiences let you know when they ready for like more. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like that's cool. That's cool. And Attention Span is like, or even the ep, you Know? Yeah, yeah. Because I think people like minds, they just want what they want when they want it. And I just think sometimes they sit there and listen to a whole album. Sometimes they be like, ah, because they just something pop up on the phone missing. It is. Well everyone, everyone takes in music differently as in like, but the amount of times, well this is all I do. I listen to an album and I go, I like the song, like the song, like the song. And then I don't listen to album anymore and I just listen to the three songs I it the most.


And I, that's on The playlist Of all the other songs I've liked. That's just it. So You know what's crazy, my favorite artist is from here. Sanford. Yeah. Yeah. I know. That's my favorite artist in the world that Oh, sick. Yeah, we seen San He Cry like Damn Baby. And this is my new, one of my new favorite artists Five shit. Oh, repeat that album. She's cold. That album right there. She's cold. Yeah. That album. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Crazy. I'm talking about crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a real hip hop album right there. Yeah, He's been Going but he seen, he seen Sanford, he cried like That's my favorite artist in the world. Wow. You know he did 20 years in jail. Yeah. So he used to, so he used to listen to him while he was in there.


Yeah. He's a beast. He's a beast. Yeah. Yeah. His music bashing. I Never heard, I never heard of him until he came home from jail. Yeah. Never had heard of him. Wow. And then now I'm like, he is pretty. Yeah, he's the guy of that guy. He's Big. There's so many sick. Oh in the UK man. So many. And it's just one More shit. What's your top five UK artists of all time? Of all time, man of all time. Come on my God, because you said it. All right. I'm gonna put Skep Scap. I put, I put Dave, I put Dave in there. What? Just rappers. I just said artist. I just said artist. Period. Ah, Well then you gotta put like Ed Sheeran.


Okay, ADE. Okay. That's four MI minus yourself. You Know what I mean? We, I Don, I think I, there's still more for me to do to get into the top five. A liar, Uhuh? Nah, nah, nah. Beast. Oh for Okay. 'cause if you gotta put the top five in there, you definitely have to be in here. Huh? Nah, nah man, you wouldn't. No, I still got so much more I need to Do all the shit you stirred up around here. I don know I still so much more I need to do music. Yeah. Yeah. I Haven't even even scratched the service bro. Nah. Okay. So it's Dave Skeptic Adele, ed Shean.


That's good. That's a good list. It's one more, I think it's too early for se man. You know, I think we need Gigs. I think I was gonna say it's either gigs or like a, I mean he's not really current anymore. I was gonna say Tiny Temper, but he ain't really been about You gonna get a phone call, somebody gonna call you like, damn, he didn't even say me. He didn't say me. Yeah. Yeah. You, Nah, you know what, I'll say gigs, But all of them are, are, are UK legends. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's so many, Like I said, so many sick artists in the UK who have just been doing bits for time and are still going.


And like even with Scap, man, he finds new sounds, new waves and it's just sick to see. So. Yeah, man, like yeah. We're we're doing bits over here. 13th December. Get ready for the new record. What's the name of it? Dirty, dirty, dirty, dirty, dirty, dirty. I'm trying to get my uk I'm trying to get my UK accent on. Dirty, dirty, dirty. See in Philly would be dirty. Dirty in the UK is dirty. Am I saying it right? Yeah. Dirty. Dirty. Hey girl, you're very dirty. Little dirty.


Oh my god. I'm taking that back. Dirty. God. What you little dirty. Hey, live from the uk you already know KSI. And it's just like that. Right?