
Hey Million dollars worth. Of game listeners You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right?


What if the golf ball you're playing isn't the number one ball for you? Meet. the all new TP five and TP five X from Taylormade. Whether you prefer the softest five layer tour ball in the TP five or the fastest, that's now a half a club longer in TP five X, you'll be playing a golf ball that performs like it was built just for you. Available in white, yellow and picks. You can personalize it with my symbol no matter which you choose. Every TP five. TP five x is designed to help your game. Head to Taylormade golf.com today to find the number one ball for you.


Say hi to Can Social Tonics Can Social Tonics spikes their seltzer with weed. Each can is bundled with five simple clean ingredients to deliver the perfect buzz. And a buzz that doesn't backfire can comes in three award-winning flavors. Blood, orange, cardamom, lemon, lavender, and grapefruit. Rosemary can comes in a variety of doses for every drinker ranging from two milligrams to five milligrams of THC. Head to Drinkcan dot com. That's drink CAN n.com and use code Barstool 20 for 20% off your order of can and a free roadie six pack sampler can is not for use or purchased by persons under the age of 21. Can products contain less than 0.3% Delta nine THC that is derived from hemp Do not claim to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and have not been evaluated or approved by the FDA.


A Listen man. Million dollars worth a game. Yes. Welcome to Cleveland. And guess what? We Up the Way man. Yes sir. Going baby. Where are we at? Up to Up. the Way baby. Up top baby Cleveland. I say like this, Look, there's nothing to talk about, but I'm gonna talk my shit in. Burn this joint. Like I popped it out. Cleveland really? Shoot to kill City's like a slaughterhouse. My big homies in a wheelchair. He ain't walking out. I made 10 mill with some and we ain't talking out. Fuck the money. I just want the loyalty we talked about. It's no other side. It is only us. Huh? I get cross-eyed watching y'all switch up bitch. What? What? Heavy smoke hopping out the ra.


That's our Holy Ghost ready to go. Blood. It's in rotation. I got vertigo. What the fuck they talking about? Like all I do is rock and roll. All I do is rock these shows and break the tree down in our road. Sometimes I nod off and this bull off. These tens though. Nowadays I gotta thank the Lord that I ain't dead though. Junior year they swooped up half the block when the feds roll fucked up that some of them won't get out until the kid's old. You are not a bus. You bust up and put your friends on. We still in the field with four quarters, no end zone speakers in my door. I pull up booming like I'm Metro Sleepy Hollow Cool. And I'm running with the top off. Sometimes I the, I'm just freestyling these verses off their head though. Sometimes I don't wanna fuck. I only want their head though. Sometimes they don't wanna see you win unless it's them though. Where the fuck were they when I was shooting in the gym? Every day a movie.


I wake up, I put a lens on feeling like New York and wintertime. I got my tens on. They can't look inside when I arrive. I got my tents on, sold the stadium out in my city, got my prints on, gimme 50 feet. I need like 50 Jeeps and this on just to show 'em they can make it outta where we come from. I made an agreement 'cause I disagreed with someone. I told the reefer, wait until I leave the spot and then come Up the Way. Real Up the Way shit.


This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is bought to you by New. Amsterdam Vodka. Now life ain't going your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your woman cheating today. Shout a New. Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming and it didn't quite come your way. Shot a New. Amsterdam Vodka out to steal five times. It's filtered three


times for a clean, crisp finish. You could drink it straight up, you could drink it on the rocks, you could drink it with juice soda or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. But just know when you out and about at your local liquor store. Don't you walk past that new Amsterdam. You scoop it up, you get it to that count of boop, you get it home and you drink it however way you fit feels fit for you. New Amsterdam Vodka, the official vodka of Barstool. Sports get you some right. You're now tuned into me, me, me, me, me, me. Million dollars worth a game. This is, this is the Cleveland Edition. Yes. We right here with MGK.


Listen, I don't even, we gonna get right to it. Who are you to hip hop? Something new? I'm a kaleidoscope. Something that like, depending on what lens you look through, you can have what it is or you can have a plethora of colors and something that's entertaining for the eye that's different from what you're used to. You have a a a lengthy body of work. You've been doing your thing over the years, but you know, do my, you know, CNA interviews over the years, all type of stuff. You feel as though you don't, y'all not giving me what I deserve based off of my execution and based off of what my contribution to the game Based off my my past interviews.


You're saying that that's the energy No, I'm just talking about that's, that's how I feel like, yo man, y'all not giving me my my just dudes man. Well it's interesting 'cause I feel like on one end I could take the win of like, You Know. we sold out the stadium in our in in our city. Right. That's, I I don't really know. A lot of Artists don't do that. Nah. And that's, that's like a, a platform that I don't really know that you can even like Numberwise beat. So to go from there, you would think that maybe the hunger stops, to be honest, like I completely forgot about that show show and I'm back down to day one. Like as if I'm passing out mix tapes two blocks from here again. So I, I don't necessarily know if it's like I have a chip on my shoulder feeling like I don't get the credit I deserve.


I actually feel like it's more so I'm on purpose starving myself so that I can continue to keep regenerating. It's almost like fasting, you know? 'cause when you fast it gives your body, it, it gives your body what it needs to regenerate the proper cells. Right? It kills all the bad ones and it brings the good ones. So to me, I'm, I'm essentially just fasting and I'm ready for a, you know, I'm, I'm in a new body. I literally am in a new body. Like I covered everything on, on my arms and my, and my body. I, you know, I left windows to it, but just like there's windows to my old work. But I'm, I'm a new person. So the evolution has like, led me from a caterpillar to a butterfly.


Now what Birthed that mindset though? Hold on. That was kind of deep because you said you covered yourself, but you left windows. Like what do windows represent? Well, the, the one thing I think fans don't appreciate as an artist turning their back on what made them fall in love with you Now while like I may not resonate as much with stuff o older work that I've done, I do resonate with the fans always. So I I I don't ever wanna run away from them. And also a part, a huge part of me besides just music was image too. And so a lot of people remember like, you know, tall, skinny, tatted white boy with these, there was, you know, some iconic pieces.


So I didn't wanna necessarily erase everything. Like I'm running from it. I just put on armor Alright now. But, but what, what birthed that mindset to go back, to go back to the beginning that, you know, you feel as though, like, what birthed that, that whole mindset to say You know what I ain't. I still ain't It. It it is probably gotta feel. I I feel a little bit like Alan Iversson who ha has the respect of so many people, but he doesn't have a ring. Mm. You got a ring though. You actually got Cleveland Cap. That's, that's funniest. You actually got a ring though. I'm just saying you got a real ring. Like that's a real joint. Like You know what I mean.


That's the championship ring. Yeah. Yeah. That's a real ring. That's my, you said I just had to point this out as go Any fucking further. I'm still waiting on my fucking Eagle Super Bowl rink. Like, Alright, let's continue. Damn, let me see that. That's a real deal. It got diamonds for the wins rubies for the losses. It's kind of fire. That's when, When, when, when Brian Won. Yeah, 2016. That was my team back then when they won. But go ahead, my dog. That was my team then. The fuck they not my team. I'm just saying, you know, I got a boss of my team now. But go ahead. As you was saying, don't hate me. I'm we winners. Oh yeah, man, that was fucked up.


Didn't they take us out the, this year? Yeah, I mean, I You know what I mean, You know, whatever team wins his team. Yeah. That's just how she up. Hmm. Yeah, I feel like I don't have my ring. I don't know, I don't know if the Ring to me metaphorically is a, it, it's not a Grammy, you know, I've won many awards. I haven't won that one. But it may also be as simple as like, you know, the last two albums I put out where Rock albums, right? I grew up with them, so maybe that music, I'm introducing them to that music. Like that's the first time, you know, a lot of my friends even listen to that type of music.


So maybe even it's just as simple as, okay, well I wanna make music that my friends can listen to. And I, you know, I've made plenty of songs that they can back in the day. But I'm, I'm living, I'm, I'm so present. Like I used to be a drug addict. I don't do any of that anymore. Right? Like, I'm sober, so I'm always living in the now. Before I was always escaping. I was living on a different planet. So I think maybe it's just as simple as being present, being like, okay, well, you know, I want to hear my music out of Their speakers. Or maybe it's, I'm online and I see a lot of the people involving artists and conversations that maybe I feel left out of.


I, I don't know. I think, I think I'm one of the best and I want people to acknowledge that. I think there's a Do you feel like there's a, there's a, there's a fear factor that people have with me because I'm st that I still feel like they think I'm a peer. I realize that we have a problem with waiting until people are either dead or too old to feel like competition until they acknowledge them as legends or as you know, oh, he was so cold. I see all this MF doom talk. I said, bro, I didn't hear you mention MF Doom one fucking time in these conversations when he was in his Prime.


you know, you wait till these people, you know, got grays in their hair to start being like, yeah man, it's, I feel like there's still an intimidation factor with me that I don't even bring because I'm so, I'm really a, a kind soul. And I, and honestly, I just put my, my life I would die for music, bro. Like I would, I would, I I would give my life for the, for this craft. So I don't really, I don't really See what the, You know, hesitation is to give me the flowers, but I I also, I'm not asking for 'em. Like, it's, it's a game. So I just enjoy the competition no matter what, no matter what the championship is.


Now I'm gonna just, I'm gonna just follow up on what you said that I'm gonna get into another question. I seen that happen with Nip Rest in Peace and Nip n on Wall. I seen it happen to him. Whereas though, you know, Gil would shooting movies with Nip and him and Gil would shooting movies in like 2012. No, I, in 2009 I interviewed Nip years ago. And to see him die then he get millions of followers and everybody is just like, it just, it's just a fake world that we live in. We, we that it is what it is. But I wanna ask you a real important question. Do you feel as though as, as hip hop, hip hop magic and visibly say that it only could be one white rapper?


I'm not going back to college to be your friend. I'm going so I can get Uber one for students. It saves you on Uber and Uber Eats. I'm there for $0 delivery fee on cheeseburgers, up to 10% off smoothies and 6% Uber cash back on rides. Just to be clear, I'm there for savings. Not whatever you think college is for. Get Uber one for students, a membership to save on Uber and Uber Eats with deals this good. Everyone wants to be a student join for just 4 99 a month. Savings may vary. Eligibility and member terms apply.


Yeah, it kind of will. It, it, it feels like white rappers and female rappers is kind of the same thing. Like there's a stigma of like, it can only be one. I've always tried to break that. you know, anybody who was coming in the game who looked like me, I always embraced, and that was a lesson I learned from Mac because me and Mac were cool and we, we would, we would kick it before we ever made it. Just like in the basement, I remember we were eating frozen wing, frozen wings in her mom's basement when we were just making mix tapes. And he was in Pittsburgh and I was in Cleveland. So the two hour drive, he would come do shows for a couple hundred people. We would come out support, we would go do shows for a couple hundred people. He would come out and support. And then the fame hit, and like egos obviously grow and the, the lack of comradery started happening.


And then I think jealousy stepped in on both our ends. And then it took me and him running into each other in the elevator in New York where I like was getting on and he was in the elevator. I was like, what the fuck? What are you doing here? He was like, I'm going up to my room. He was like, come up and smoke with me. So I went, we went up and smoked and we were just like, man, what are we doing? Why, why do we not, we had songs together. We never put 'em out. Like we, we, we were, we were so like disappointed in ourselves that we, we weren't breaking that, that kind of curse that was already laid Yeah. Before us. And then the week he died was the week that he was sending me a pack of beats and we were about to make the link happen and we were talking about like, oh, it'd be cool to do a tour and, you know, all this shit.


And so that was a, that that was a tragic loss because me and him could've, you know, broke that. Let me ask you this. I want to, I want to elaborate on something you said. You said, I used to be a drug addict. Right now, Being a former artist and being around a bunch of, of rappers and entertainers, I understood that a lot of artists didn't feel themselves, didn't feel confident, wasn't even able to perform until they had the drugs in them. They felt like in their mind they wasn't who they were until the drugs was in them in the studio.


What made you feel different to be like, nah, I'm gonna back up off it. I'm gonna, you know what, go through whatever processes I gotta go through to get off of what I'm on. And I don't need that shit to still be MGK. Well, it started with my daughter saying, dad, you know, I can tell when you're high. Damn. It broke my heart. I was like the ultimate let down. How old was she at the time? 11, 12. She's 15 now. It took me a while afterwards because obviously, you know, like drug drugs have a, a vice grip on you. Absolutely. And also, bro, I, I grew up in a house where I was constantly being forced to be like being, being somebody else was beaten into me.


And so I, it gets to the point when you're, when you're in fifth grade, sixth grade, you start to become ashamed of who you are because you aren't who your father wants you to be. And really that's just a reflection of him not being who he wanted to be. So he wanted, you know, and I see so many of that even with sports dads, you know, my, my daughter's a volley. I'm, I'm a volleyball dad, so I see a lot of the, the fathers there Living, taking out, Living through their child and they're doing stuff. You, you, you missed, you missed, I need 10 pushups. I'm like, damn homie. Like, And you really see that in the boxing gym? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because my son used to box and it'd be fathers, a lot of kids that box, they parents used to box father.


That's why he got a son in the gym and he got dreams of being a world champion and that shit long passed. Your son don't got that dream.


This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by PFL Professional. Fighters League. The PFL playoffs continue on Friday, August 23rd with light heavyweight and lightweights headed to Washington DC It's winner go home as fighters compete for a spot in the million dollar PFL World championships. Don't miss the action Friday, August 23rd, 10:00 PM on ESPN and ESPN plus for those looking to attend in person ticket to are available on Ticketmaster. So make sure to tune in Friday, August 23rd, 10:00 PM on ESPN and ESPN Plus and tickets are available on Ticketmaster. And I think I might be in the building for this fight for these rumbles to see it go down the professional fighter league, follow 'em on all platforms, get with the, get with the program. Professional, Fighters League, the new improved MMA, right?


So you were here getting your kids ass whipped for some dreams you chasing right? Then as soon as the kid get old enough, we be like, fuck you dad. I ain't boxing no more. He's not boxing no more. So I see a lot of that. I seen a lot of that in the boxing. Yeah. So that like was step one for me, right? Okay. As a father and as a, as a man, like to be the the to be the father, my, I wish my dad would've been, I have to, I have to break this generational curse for my kid. And then second off, I think I just became a real unpleasant person to be around for all my friends, right? Like I, I was, I was the only child. So the family I had was these guys.


And I think like when I began to like run away or run people away from me because man, you become flippant bro. Like these, when the drugs, when the, when the drugs got you, it's like if you weren't that person, you're, you're a asshole. Until you go meet up with those demons and then those demons make you calm back down. But that, that's a demon in and of itself that you can't even be awake or alive bro. Like until you, you are that, I mean like that was even, Hey, what's up college students Big cat here from Pardon my take and I've got some exciting news for you. Uber one for students is finally here for just 4 99 a month.


You get all the benefits of a regular Uber one membership, but a half the price. It's the ultimate savings hack. Let's break it down. Hungry for a late night craving. Get $0 delivery fee and up to 10% off on your Uber Eats orders. Need a ride? You'll earn 6% Uber cash back on your Uber rides and it gets even better every day. You can score free items in awesome deals from your favorite restaurants. Join now and get four weeks free. That's right. Four whole weeks of sweet savings for free. Remember Uber one for students is your ticket to saving big on Uber and Uber Eats. Head to the app, sign up today and start saving with Uber.


One for students with deals. This good. It even makes me want to be a student again. Even when me and hold up, Somebody was smoking some Cleveland Reg coughing off. That's off. I do Cleveland. Reggie, Reggie, get an ambulance. Reggie, get the Reggie card. What the fuck's going on back there? They got some good stuff. Ain't there trouble? That must, it must be good man. Motherfucker back there. Walk away. Don't let him go out. Don't let him go out. Walk away. Yeah. Come on, let me see. See. what the fuck? He Smart shit.


Yeah, go ahead and finish man. Shit ain't that strong. No. Why is Cleveland so close to your heart? Most people blow up like you and they disappear. Yeah, I watched it happen so many times they Go to Miami. Why you still, why you still here? No, I'm playing. There ain't no shot at Brian. Oh, that's fine. We love, we love Like why'd you still here? Still connected? It's like you never like you, you, you got a home here, you everything like, like what is it about this? What is it? It's kind of like the family. I never had, you know, like do you have brothers? Yes. Older or younger? Younger and older. Okay. So I'm the youngest one out. Everybody. Okay, so I grew up, I always had this dream, right?


I mean I had my, my dreams stretched at different times, right? Like I, at first I wanted to be, I mean I, I had so many bro, like when I watched Top Gun, I was like, I wanna be an Air Force pilot. Okay. And then they're like, I'm, I'm like 11 years old at the time and they're telling me like, okay, well you can never do drugs because they'll test your hair and they'll be able to see if you had drugs. Then I took ecstasy at 11 years old and I was like, alright, damn, that dream's out the door. You 11? Yeah. On the E Yeah. My friend, my friend, my friend's older sister dated a rave DJ at the time. And so the rave DJ was like, this will be funny. And so he gave us, you know, some, some extra whatever. So How'd that night end Up man, They gave us pacifiers. 'cause they said your teeth grind crazy.


So it was just like me and three of my friends just walking around like with pacifiers in our mouth looking stupid as hell. But it was probably awesome, dude. Yeah, for sure. And so from then I was like, all right, well I can't be an Air Force pilot then I wanted to be, I, I watched episode two, attack of the clones, star Wars. I wanted to be a Jedi, bad as fuck. Damn. So I took the end of the hockey stick off and I just had a staff and that was my lightsaber and I would practice every day. I was like, I'm gonna be a Jedi. And then I saw, I'm pretty sure it was, I saw DMXI 1 0 6 and park and then I saw Freestyle Fridays and I was like, no, I want to be that. And then I, I became a battle rapper and that was the first time I ever felt community.


Yeah, right. Like when I said that first punchline, I made everybody go, oh shit. And from that point on, I just wanted to, I just wanted to rap. And so, you know, growing up I was always moving all over the place. And when I landed in Cleveland, that was the first time I really felt like, alright, at whatever cost, we're gonna like help his dreams come true. Yeah. And so this was also the place where I, I became a man at, you know, this was where I had all my first experiences. So this was this, this place was like the home that my home should have been my whole life. Yeah. And yeah, I mean also home is where the hardest.


So it's like, these are my best friends. This is where I love this. Is this is it just, it's like a, it's a, it's a, it is a wild city, but with, with, but with me individually, it's like a, a big hug, you know? So I you can't Leave. They give you a goddamn ring man for the championship, Man. No, the ring, you and him got something in common though. You used to see things as a, as a kid and you know, you seen Star Wars, you wanted to be this shit. He seen the Mac, he wanted to be a pimp, but he never got no bitches. So that was, No, that's a lie. But I will say this never Got no old. Now let me correct you, just because you get a ring don't mean you gotta stay. I didn't stay at a lot of cities. My team won. I just kept it moving.


You ain't had no real connection to the fucking cities either. I do. If this is my team, I, I go to a game or Sue. But I will say This ain got a real live championship. You Ain't got one though. Impressive. I got a bunch of 'em. I'm mad as shit at the Eagles right now. I'm gonna keep it all the way real Also like the mission's not done here. Yeah, we Gotta We gotta spotlight the city. We talk about that all the time. Like this is like, this place is, they keep missing it. Even tours with these artists. I'm like, I appreciate you guys for coming to the, oh it means a lot that you come to our state, but like, you gotta come to Cleveland, you go to Columbus, you go to Cincinnati, like come here, come home. The venues we got here are amazing. The fans we got here are the best fans ever. And honestly, even just the artists alone, like come connect with us. Like there's a lot of, there's a lot of talent here and there's a spotlight that I have the platform to put on the city.


So, you know, I haven't done my job yet, you know, I haven't, I I've started it but I haven't finished it. So, you know, I can't, I'm not, I'm not a person who starts something that I don't finish outta All the stuff you accomplished. What make you keep going though? What what give you that drive to keep going. It is easy to get comfortable when you get that money, man. When you get them cars Hold up, time out, time out. You remember we was having, look where I'm at, you see where I'm at? Tuma, I'm in Cleveland. You remember I was talking about Cleveland? Yeah, I Remember this is the head of black music and YouTube right here. What Up dog? What's up? They got a, they got a movement out here and I just, you know, I ain't get into specifics, but they got a movement out here, bro.


Yeah. And you remember I was talking about we, you can't forget Cleveland in that, in that, in that meeting. So there's some shit going on out here. Wow. Wow. We gonna talk about it more. But you remember I said why not you Cleveland bro. I'm with this. I'm up. What's up G? What's up bro? I'm gonna put you on, I'm gonna put you onto what's Up man? How are you? What up dude? How are you? There's a lot of good things going on here man. I want, I want to see some Cleveland artists on the algorithm. Alright. Alright. Hey, hey, hey Tub. But you know, he know what he talking about because he said the algorithm motherfuckers that don't know what they talking about don't even say that kind of shit. But listen, I'm gonna call you when I'm done the interview, all right?


Okay. Alright. Sounds Good. Alright. That's a hit of hit of black music, YouTube. I appreciate that man. Yeah. But, but no, we was in a, I can't get into detail, but we was in a meeting and I kept, you know, and I said Cleveland because a lot of times, you know, I I'm, I'm the coach advisor, YouTube also. And I created a program called YouTube Avenues where we go to different cities and we educate people how to start their YouTube, how to scale on YouTube and how to monetize the YouTube. We put like six, 600 people in a room. Managers recording, artists, producers, creators. This


summer of Squirt has officially arrived thanks to can roadies like can without the can roadies or pocket size liquid packets that allow you to mix and micro reduce your THC from anywhere. Just squirt them into some sparkling water or just down it straight up. You do you, it's the same award-winning flavors and uplifting buzz you can get with can, but you can shove these in your pocket and just rip them open. Whenever s slur it si it swig it, squirt it, splash it, squeeze it. The opportunities are endless. Head to Drinkcan dot com, that's drink CAN n.com and use the code game 20 for 20% off your order of can NA free roadie six K sampler. Once again, head over to Drinkcan dot com, use code game 20 20% off your order of can and a free roadie six K sampler. What are you doing? Can, that's the way to go.


And we was talking about cities, hold on For you a little bit. So some of the cities you've done At, oh, we did Philly, Baltimore, dc Houston, Oakland, Miami, Detroit. So we was putting some cities together. New city IC we gotta go to, you know, Cleveland got, I said we gotta go to Cleveland and I said we don't, you don't wanna miss moments. And I think a lot of times, you know, y'all got a group that sold some of the most records as a group in the history of rap Bone Thug. So it's like how do you misplace this that, that produce stuff like that. It is more to come, but sometimes I think when you have a, a moment where's though a lot of artists don't pop, you know, this thing is like, you know how this thing is you popping and we on the city, you know, you know, it's like every city get a shot though.


But sometimes they gotta have the right light and they gotta get the right information to be able to grow and blossom so the world can see about it. Because what, like, the main thing of the program is most artists out here, artists be hot as shit. You going, they hot as shit, but they don't have the infrastructure and the knowledge to scale. You See what I'm saying. They might don't have the right manager. They might don't know how to place they shoot the videos. They might know how to upload the videos Right. Properly. They, they probably not clicking anything in the background. They probably don't got a PR and, and and, and that's what we teach it. Like YouTube avenues we educate people. So, you know, just y'all on the radar just know that You know what I mean. Well one, I appreciate that. Two, that made me think of a actual a a better answer to your question of why are you still in Cleveland to me?


For the kids to actually be able to see you in the flesh, it inspires. Yes. So I need to be able, I they, these kids need to be able to see me here so that they can see one of their own who they also see on TV and they can, they can see it's attainable, right? Like if you, if you're just looking at everything through a box, it's no different than a sci-fi movie, right? It's just, it's something you, you can't reach through the screen and and and feel that right, like that this is something where they need to be able to see me. That's even I look I'm not even, I'm, I'm not a money guy and I'm not a flashy guy, but my voice slim was like, you need some diamonds just because that was like, I, it's it is really You, You need some diamonds so they can see, you know, it's funny how something like this can really can inspire.


I went to a, I went to a jail with, with Jelly Roll to go talk to the kids, right? A juvenile center Child jelly roll. That's my guy. Yeah, For sure. And so when I was in there though, it's funny 'cause they gravitated towards Jelly was in there, iced out and they were just like, oh my god, that it, it gives them something to like a goal they can work for. And honestly diamonds are just a metaphor for like a better life. Yeah. So I'm here to, to inspire and I think I'm gonna just, I think I'm gonna always be here. And you know what's deep


Summer is all about the freedom to have fun. Forget a vacation and take a tequila occasion with new Truly Tequila Soda This refreshing blend of real fruit juice from concentrate sparkling water and premium Tequila Blanco is the drink of the summer Try all four refreshing flavors. All with 5% A BV and just 100 calories. Truly tequila soda Keep it light hard Seltzer beverage company. Boston Massachusetts Please drink responsibly


Overhead told me back in the day were you sell Tootsie Roll. No, not him. That was, that was another story. But Overhead told me back in the day, I was young, I seen him, he always looked good. Ice home was just back in the eighties. And he told me something very important. He said, money give money to money. Money give money to money. You didn't Know what the fuck he was talking about back Then. I didn't understand it back then, but I understand it as I grew. And that's how the game of life is when they see you winning, they support it more. Yeah. Sometimes you would get the, sometimes you'll get the sympathy and the sympathy, support and love, but when you grow they support more. I gotta ask you a important question though, because a personally your success, they haven't been able to master what I what it would it, would it seem like you mastered, how would you ever to maintain the bond and the relationship because a artist of your artist of your stature, they don't have this many people still around this.


The brother, the brotherhood always gets fractured. Yeah. Based off entitlement, based off of people. Just how did you, how would, what is the ingredients to maintaining this? Because a lot of people lose this and they lose this sometime in the first year. Good leadership. Okay. And leadership being that you're not above anybody with you. Okay. The best general is the one who goes to war with everybody. Not the one who sits back and tells 'em to go to war for 'em. I'm not above anybody. I learned something from everybody. I'm, I'm a student always. And so I don't put myself above to where I could even create a jealous atmosphere. I'm still, and, and I, and I know my place, like I'm still a, as, as as much as my, my voice and my face has become of this status.


Like I still hold the, I'm still, I still feel like the little brother who was in the studio is watching these guys rap and freaking miles and just being like, all right, when's my chance? Okay, boom, I'm going in. What'd y'all think about that? you know, like anything, any beef I have, I always go to the round table. Yo, what are we doing? What's the move with this? I don't make a move without the approval of everybody. I don't do anything that, you know, especially now. I mean maybe off the drugs I did some shit that I'm like, yeah, All I they called you in the morning. What the fuck? Fuck yeah, yeah, hundred percent. You tmz what the fuck was we doing? And I got plenty of those.


So I What's the, what's the Cleveland, what's the name of the arena? We call it the q but it's what's it called now? Rocking Mortgage. They like You was running best in Q Ass naked man. They got you in the news now. Now what, what made you, first of all, I don't, this shit is good, but what made you come up with the Club 27 club? Because as you can see, this shit is actually good. Oh God damn. You smashed two Of Yeah, one thing about them smoothies. Yeah, he be playing for the Burg Steelers in starting line back a smoothie damn pizza. Oh Motherfucker, I'm gonna say this, I'm gonna say this.


A lot of, a lot of, no I'm gonna keep it real. He Gonna work a bathroom the fuck out. A lot of, a lot of celebrities. Right. And he got that prison stomach. A lot of celebrities. Hold on. You got that prison stomach so You know it's a little Soon. He he got a shit, he got a shit now. No, I'm not gonna say that. I promise you I will say this though. He Going to end at the interview right now it go fuck your bathroom. No I'm not, I'm not gonna do that Kev. But I will say This to about two good producers in the back. He shits everywhere. I will not say that Anywhere. I will Burger King, Chipotle fucking airports. Can I say this movie Theaters?


Can I say this? But, but let me just say this though. 'cause it's been established that all of us have the same shit. Environment, habits, it was established in school. All y'all took a shit in school. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, for sure. The school is the same as Target Prison, burger King, fucking this the, the club twin. All of it the same. Y'all just, y'all just too boogie Now. But see you were in prison so you weren't embarrassed to shit. See me, I'm still the type of person where if they come in the bathroom, I'm like, I'm I'm gonna lift my legs up, pop. Oh not me. And, and I'm not doing that so no one can. Oh That's him. Oh, oh he's This shit, this shit motherfucker come in. He got a wild over there. Huh?


I you know, I'm not going to disagree with that. You want a battle. I'm not gonna disagree with that, but that's something else. Next thought I me you want battle? I'm gonna say this shit nigga. I will, I'll say this a lot of times This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by PFL Professional. Fighters League. The PFL playoffs continue on Friday, August 23rd with light heavyweight and lightweights headed to Washington DC It's win or go home as fighters compete for a spot in the million dollar PFL World Championships. Don't miss the action.


Friday, August 23rd, 10:00 PM on ESPN and PN plus for those looking to attend in person tickets are available on Ticketmaster. So make sure to tune in Friday, August 23rd, 10:00 PM on ESPN and ESPN plus and tickets are available on Ticketmaster. And I think I might be in the building for this fight. For these rumbles to see it go down the Professional Fighter league. Follow 'em on all platforms. Get with the get with the program. Professional Fighters League, the new improved MMA right.


Welcome to the Football fans. The NFL season is almost here. Did you know that DraftKings Sportsbook, an official partner of the NFL offers season long pick and pool contest that you can enter right now. That's right. And here's how it works. Head to the DraftKings Sportsbook app, select the pools tab and find a pick contest to enter each week. Make five picks against the spread. Each correct pick earns you a point. Compete against other contestants and climb the leaderboard Each week. Be one of the highest scoring players at the end of the season to take home your share of millions in cash prizes. Don't miss your chance. Reserve your entry now. New customers download the Draftking Sportsbook app now and use code BSS during signup. Compete for your share of over three and a half million dollars in total prizes with season long pools only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Entry fees required max entry limits apply prizes issued in cash ends 9 8 24 at 1:00 PM Eastern time. C dk.co/pick terms for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


So a million dollars worth a game where we give you nothing but news you could use. I'm saying if you sitting on the couch right now, you trying to figure out who you working a nine to five, you like, damn, I wanna do something different. I need some game, I need some information. That's what we do here at Million. Dollaz Worth Game Business Spotlight. We always give you the news. You can use some game today. We got my brother Basil Jackson here where he got a company called fun class live.com right now go to fun class live.com. He's gonna help you start your own funding business. I'm talking about where's dope. You just teaching people how to fund, how to get funding for their company. Mm. I mean one thing about Basil, he's doing his thing. Regular guy working nine to five, trying to show you how what he doing, how he take a couple hours a month, make some cash same way you can.


All he doing is giving people information, helping people get the information the same way that you can help to get people getting information if you start your own funding business. Now Bazo, break the game down for me. Yeah man. So a, a Lot of, first of all, before we get into that, we got a little issue right here guys. He played for the Cowboys. I'm just saying we going, but I'm gonna stop trying squad, I gotta outta there as quick as I could. Trying, trying to get There as quick As the Eagles. The Eagles as Was Eagle realized when he was working for them, he couldn't come to the Eagles. But that's another story you could have came to my chiefs. Yeah, yeah. So, so I work a nine to five man, truth be told. So, you know, a lot of people think that, you know, they wanna be entrepreneurs full time, but shit, it's not for the faint of heart at all.


So, you know, for me, I'm comfortable like, like most people watching this, you know, I, I played in the NFL for a little bit, really needed cake to take care of my family and I had to make a decision crash out, you know, or or man up and get a nine to five and, and, and take care of my family. So what I was able to do was find something that allowed me to make a Lot of money in a short amount of time. So I ran up half of him in four months starting my funding company. So yeah, getting to The back now, now at the end of the day, like if I'm Johnny anybody or I'm trying to figure out life, how do I start to go to fund class live.com and start a funding business? How do I do what game you giving out? How you giving out? How do I sign up? Where do I sign up?


Is it a fee? Is it free? Like how do it Go? It's, it's free. So it is completely free. So, so I'm giving out the game A to Z on, on how to Start a hundred percent free. So all I gotta do is A hundred percent free. They can So fun class live.com and yep, They'll get a free, they gonna get a free ebook and not only they gonna get a free ebook, I'm gonna do a free master class where I'm breaking down the game A to Z on how to start a funding business, how to find funding clients and how to automate the process. So if you wanna make five to 10,000 a month working maybe five to 10 hours a month, then then tap in with me. I'm changing lives and I done changed mine in a short amount of time too so I could speak to it for sure. So so they and and you're giving out game on your Instagram two Billionaire Bays. Yes sir. Billionaire Bays on Instagram, basil Jackson on Facebook.


So, and you're giving it up right then and there. I'm Right there. 100% ain't holding nothing back. I'm changing lives. Real deal. Like I said, so before we hopped on, I got somebody in North Camden right now he doing 50 G's a month. Alright, so how do, how do I, if I come to you, how do you know, how do you put me on, like do I gotta have a certain amount of credit? Do I gotta have this? What do I gotta have if I'm just trying to figure this out and I'm trying to start this company because right here you're saying you gonna teach me how to start my own company, but I'm gonna get funded myself. Yeah. So truth be told, as long as you got a phone, laptop and wifi, you can start a funding company. So what we do is we leverage pre-approval tools. So as long as you can get a yes from somebody that they want some funding, whether they got good, the greatest credit or decent credit, you can get them a bag and, and all we doing is charging 10% on the back end so it's no overhead and, and we running up a bag.


Damn. So that, so that's what I'm gonna charge if I, So, so, so, so if I came to you and I said, you know, I need some funding, you could get me the funding and, and what you want in return is 10% on the backend or whatever you get me. So, so we charge 10% on the backend. It's however they wanna, however you wanna run your business, you could charge people up front or 10% on the backend. So it's simple math. If I get you a a hundred thousand dollars loan, we get it today. Funds your account on Monday. Shit, that's, that's, that's 10 Gs for me on Monday. You ze me, wire me the bread. However, so, and, and this is, and this is something like I said that and don't take a lot of time to really transform your life. It's not some, some petty shit. you know, it's like, it's like you don't need a bunch of clients.


One client can completely transform your life in a, in a month of May. I had one client, I got a million dollars of funding $85,000 payout. That ain't bad. That ain't, that definitely ain't all Profit. That definitely ain't bad. So, so you mean to tell me though, but what he's saying though, Gil, is he help you set your own thing up? Yeah, Gilley's funding company. Okay. So once you help me set my own thing up, do you get a percentage of the shit I bring In? Nah, no, this is all free. I'm give you the gang, you got the free ebook, the free class. I'm teaching you how to do it from A to Z. It's, it's, it's, no, but you know, for, for those people that's not as confident with speaking to people about the funding and stuff, we let them partner with us as well. But this, this A to z this is something you could do.


And like I said, it's, it's something that you could quickly transform your life doing. But If they wanna partner with y'all, you, they could come in y'all hand do it and you just want 10%, We bust it down the middle Or bust it down. We, we could, we could do the work. If, if you don't wanna do none of the work, we could do all the work for you. But like I said, I work a job so I don't got a lot of time myself. This is something that I started working a job, you know, Monday through Friday, I'm on the clock right now. This is my work phone right here. So this is something that you can do with not a lot of time. It don't cost a lot of overhead. You, you can worry about the LLC and all the other shit later. We, we, we changing lives. We changing lives every night. So, So the job you got right now that you working nine to five must pay you good money if you ain't quit yet to just do this. I'm doing half a MI I'm comfortable like people, like people watching this.


I'm, I'm just comfortable. I don't need to leave. Yeah. you know, I'm, I, I got a lot of responsibility and, and I'm transitioning into getting outta that working mindset. But you know, for me it's like shit, I'm, I'm cooling this, this, this new money. So we have for m like I said in four months. So You Know, we, we on the way we getting there, but like I said, a lot of people glorify entrepreneurship but it is not for the faint of heart, you know. So for me it's entrepreneurship and working a nine to five. So, you know, for now that's, that's where we at. And and if you want to tap in and learn how to do this with only a little bit of time and, and run up a bag, if that's what your goal is to lead a nine to five, I can help you do that too. That's major. But but that's major. But, but let me ask you a question. Was the cowboys your team?


Tell the truth, don't, don't lie. That was your team growing Up? Man, my team growing up, truth be told was the Eagles man, I ain't gonna count with you. You Lying. Nah, you Lying. My, my, my team growing up was the Pittsburgh Steelers mean Joe Green, Jack, lamb, Jack Lamb Jack, ham, Jack Lamber, all them. Yeah, them, them was my guys because I played backer. I'm like a tweener, so little hybrid, you know what I'm saying? So yeah, Yeah I used to but I Was going whatever. They was cutting a check though. Whoever was cutting the check. What college you went to? I'm on Tarleton State. So it's a small school outside of Texas. So I got kicked outta my first school. I started out at Northwestern in, in in a big 10. But you know, ran into some little issues being away from home and stuff. So Yeah. You think that affected your, your ranking going into the the league, you think you would've been stronger if you was coming outta Northwestern?


Yeah, a thousand percent, you know, and I, and I'm really like that and I, and I still feel like I really still got it but you know, it's just one of them things where it's like you just gotta make a decision at some point, you know? And, and, and a lot of shit is luck sometimes too. you know, it's, it's the league not as cold as it could be. you know? I know you, I know we got, we got Gil Gilbert, Gilbert Arenas right here, but you know, the league not as cold as it could be. But I got something where I'm working part-time hours and I'm still making league money. So for me it's, I'm good, you know, I'm Chilling, you know, off, off the record, like right now, the other day I was training 'cause I'm back training again 'cause I used to play for the, I started off my, my college joint. I got kicked outta Penn State. I went from Penn State to Villanova and then I traded out of Villanova, went to St.


Joseph's, wound up going to the league You know what I mean. Had a little moment but I'm back training again because I just feel like I could walk on somewhere the other day I just ran a three seven You know what I mean? So the fuck you Mean? Mm. Penn State you said he said It's about mm, like this shit real. You say Penn? Who? He said He you ran like a four. What You ran like a five two. You mad at me? 'cause I ran a three seven. I'm just saying he, the way he said Mm like that shit was real like you faster than Dion said this or something When he was in his No. Oh Deion, that's back in the day I'm talking about right now. Like You know what I mean. I don't believe None of that shit. You ran a five. What? I run the five other fuckers you talking about but make sure y'all download this master class.


Listen, what y'all need to do is No, no listen. What y'all need to do is y'all need to go to fun class Live right? And Brother Bezo was going to to give you so much gain. I'm talking about any giving it to you for free. Where though you don't even have to pay him a dime. See a lot of times one thing I like about people that we bring a million dollars worth a game. Cool. If you decide to go further, you can, but not, it don't even matter. Because one thing about this spotlight, we make sure that they give you information that you can take the information yourself and go get a bag yourself. Yes. You don't, you like


Get the crew together and head off to the course in the new 2024 Chevy Traverse with impressive cargo room, three row seating and the first ever Z 71 Trim Traverse can handle your buddies and their golf bags with ease Chevrolet together let's drive.


But he's offering the service, he's offering the information to where you gonna go in here all to do you go on your phone, get it. But a lot of times when I'm doing, when I'm doing like information or doing my research, I like to go on for laptop or desktop so I can see it big. I can write my notes, print it out, print the stuff out. 'cause one, I'm one of the people that I love to take information off of websites and I like to print it out. 'cause when I print it out, I make it mine. Get my highlighter, staple my stuff, have my notes on there and all that stuff. So, you know, I'm def I'm gonna check it out myself too. Also for, for a friend of mines You know what I mean 'cause they could be doing that. 'cause they definitely need some extra, extra funds. But Yeah, and, and it's one of those things too where we teaching people how to get funding, you know, for they selves as well. So they have proof of concept.


But you know, like I said, a lot of people wanna start businesses, but you gotta know what you're doing when you start a business. That money's still gotta be paid back. So it's like a lot of people may not have good credit. you know, they say one in three people might have good credit, you know? And so it's a business where you could start today with, with not a lot of experience. Long as you get somebody to say yes, shit, you're making a cut. Wherever you negotiate with them For a hundred thousand, how much they gotta pay back on interest. Like how much interest do it be? How much is the payback? If they, if if a person get a hundred thousand and funded from the bank or whoever they get it from, how much do they gotta pay back? So we, so we got so many plays that we run, you know, so we, so we talk to people about what they goals are, you know, whether it's to buy real estate, you know, whether they need a line of credit or they need a credit card at 0% interest, or they need just the cash from a loan.


So typically we go for 0% interest stuff for 18 months. So one of the big plays we got is, is Chase and we leverage banking relationships to go and get 50 K, 70 5K on one credit card for, for 0% interest for 18 months. you know, and so, and so that's one of the big plays that we run. But, but that's, but that's, but that's later down the line. You Know, we, we really just want to give people the game on how they can start today. And I'm talking like next week, have some bread in their pocket with, with only a couple hours of their time. No knowledge, no expertise. You, Know, we can, we can, we can make it pretty later, you know? Damn. Absolutely I like that. So, so tell him, tell 'em where He can find you at. Tell 'em what you got going on. Tell 'em how you're doing your thing. Yeah. So, so like I said, you can find me on Instagram, billionaire Bays, Facebook, basil Jackson.


Y'all can tap in with me on my, my, my class. Be giving y'all the game A to Z and yeah, tap in with me. I'm changing lives. Like I said, y'all, y'all need to tap in for sure. Now let me ask you a question outside of all this. You think I could walk on somewhere? I think, I think they got like some rec leagues or something around Here too. No, no, no. Rec leagues. I'm talking about like the NFLI think. I think. Oh, he just, he just invited me to rec league. I think you go, I think you What's a rec league? Walk onto that woman league's? The Woman league league that they played Football time. Hold time. What's a rec league? Like? Walk onto the field and, and, and motivate the people? No, I'm talking about playing, like, playing like in league or Something. Oh. Like, like playing on the sidelines. Like It's a woman's League. Like what? Yo, what is the Don? They run around in they panties.


Don't the, The shoulder pads See. what Is the minor league joint? What is the minor tackle? All of, what's the Minor league of the NFL? What's the minor league? Ain't no minor. It's not really a minor league, but it, it's other leagues too. C So you know this, this the guy's. What's the minor league of the NFL? No, the CFL nigga fucker. You talking about a whole different league. Who You talking? Hey, it's some, it's some cats in the CL too though. Now I, I play It's the CL too. It Is Kurt Warner came up out. Ain't no minor league for the NFL. Ain't no minor league. Oh. Kurt Warner came up out of, didn't played one Super Bowl. He, he's legend. He did. So don't, it ain't never over. He was like 43 came in there, won a suit. He wasn't no fucking, fucking, Yes he was, Kurt was over the oldest shit when he did that. But hold up, he just invited me to a rec, like, like to go to a park or some shit.


Like I just told you. I ran a three seven. Like who doing that? Three, three seven ten three seven ten Yard joint was 3 7 3 7 10. Nah, 15 You know what I did. One more time, man. Flash that fucking joint up on the screen for me, man. You see what's going on? Follow him on Instagram. Billionaire Bees underscore that Baes is BAZE. Fun class live.com. That's f they see it, you know the, you see it right there on the screen. Get with him. He gonna give you all the listen funding business ebook and free masterclass. How many pages is that? Ebook is lengthy. That, that, that ebook. I, I done spend some time on that.


That's, it's, it's, it's about 30, 40 pages. So I could just, you just, but I got a quick start guys. So I made it three chapters so you can start today. Like it ain't no. So you can learn everything later. And, and Could they download the ebook for free? Yep. Ebook free class. Completely free live class. I'm breaking it down from A to Z I'm not holding nothing back. But listen man, this is another episode of Million Dollaz Worth Game Business Spotlight. Yes, we got my man on here. Bazel Jackson, AKA on Instagram. Billionaire Bays. That's BAZZ Eco. Check him out on fun class live.com. Yes. For your funding two in funding ebook and free masterclass. Check him out, man. There's a bunch of people out here with good credit. There's a bunch of people out here with credit good enough where they can give them some funding and they not doing it.


They just sitting back, they letting the money pass 'em by like a PT Cruiser on the fucking expressway. What are you doing? Tap in, get you some bucks, get you some money, get you some funding, get you some paper. Get the fuck up out your grandmother's middle room, stop weed for her to die so you can move your shit from the middle room to the front room so you can finally see the street when you look out the window. No, he's providing funding for you to say You know what? I had this idea. I always wanted to do something. Now I could go get the funding, I could try to make it happen. I can give it a shot. You don't hit no baskets if you don't shoot your shot.


Get the funding, shoot the shot. And it's just like that, right? Celebrities, they create businesses based off of their popularity and not good products. And they don't have, they don't have good deliverables and they don't know how to do their thing. this shit is actually good. Yeah. Now what made you come up with this? How did this come about? Well, 'cause people always have to travel to experience some type of, you know, Instagrammable culture moment, right? Like, oh, this place has organic food and they have colors or they have walls that you can take pictures in front of. And you know, this is a steel town at the end. Hold on. But you rolling up tobacco? Yeah. Do you know they, that's kite in gel. you know they do that in jail, right? Yeah. They roll kite up in jail when you can't buy Newports or something. Yeah, they got a kite on the dry.


Everybody know about Kite. I'm like, hold it. Is he over there rolling some kite up? Y'all know what, what's kite tobacco? Kite is tobacco, but it's, it is loose tobacco and it's cheaper than a pack of ah, a pack of cigarettes. Right. And they give you, they give you the, the whole, everything you got right there in the package is like this. And you just roll up all day. You see why I call him another ass nigga? Everything. No, because He on jail Time go back to jail in the middle of interview. So Jail. No, hold up. You rolling up, you want some jail shit right now? They Rolling up dead In jail. No, but you want some jail shit. He rolling up on the street. That's all he rolling up. That's tobacco. But Why, why I like doing that though is I put intention into it as I'm rolling. It's the same thing with weed, right? Like if you're in the studio, the reason why weed hit so crazy in the studio is 'cause most people are thinking like, all right, I'm gonna roll this and I'm gonna lace some fire.


And what's crazy is, you know, tobacco is a tobacco, before money existed in America, tobacco was the form of currency is In jail too. That's the form of grass of Money. Right? So, and, and so to me, I'm, I'm Adam, I'm, I'm putting attention into this as I'm rolling it. Yeah. And like I said, I'm also on my sober journey and I'm, I'm, I chilled off weed 'cause I haven't made my best album yet. So when I make my best album, like after that's done, I'll go back to being Stoney. But this is just, I, you Know, weed ain't drugs. Yeah, A hundred percent. Yeah. Just wanted let you know you can smoke some Weed if you, you want. Thank you. Thank you. This just, that's just me setting a goal for myself. Okay. But okay, I made, I made every album high.


But let me just tell you something about weed. That's weed should be in your goals, not outta your goal. I'm just saying that's, I'm gonna smoke three pounds this year to the face just me. That's part of my goals. I'm gonna make this amount of money and smoke three pounds just me to the face shit To the face sound. Wow. But that's another Story. That's what you mean when you, when I don't know. when I don't smoke, you smoke to the face. I don't know That, but I will everybody listen, Everybody so sensitive with this fucking not on duty. Pause, no video. You can't say shit around this Motherfucker. But I will say this, I'm about to take a shower, pause, what the fuck?


I'm on the wash. But listen, how did this come about again? You was breaking that down. This Oh, this the club. Yeah. I mean one just a spot that everyone can go to and feel like they're somewhere else, right? Like a lot of people can't afford to go to London and see the coffee shops there or it's to New York or La Not, not that look like this. No, Exactly. So, you know, and the second part beyond just aesthetic was education. Like with every meal that you order, you get, you get a, a card that comes with you and it's one of the, the members of the 27 Club. For those that don't know what the 27 club, it's all entertainers and musicians who died at the age of 27. So there's like a whole, you know, aura or you know, enigma around the, those who died at 27.


Now on this painting that we put here, we put some people that weren't in the 27 club, but who just meant a lot to me. So, you know, Mac is 28, I think when he died, so was he, so was Heath Ledger and Nipsey was 33. That's why we put him as Jesus right there. You got Dolph. I don't think he was 27 either, but you know the rest you Got Morrison up there. Yep, Yep. The rest are 27. Jimmy Fredo Santana, you got Juice, you got Peep, you got Pop Smoke, X, XX. All of them was 27 years Old. Except, except people On the right. But yes, All with 27, Kurt, Amy, Winehouse, Basquiat, Jimmy, Jim Morrison, Fredo Santana was 27. Yeah. So, I mean, but but, but that being said, I, I did, I put this on to like kind of just keep the education of music going.


I see you and jelling. Y'all tight, y'all brothers man. Yeah. How did that come about? Shit, we hated each other. We wanted to kill each other. What? Yeah, what the fuck happened? I don't know about like 12 years ago, Jelly Road down he little big man. I'm just saying I'm not gonna get in. No, I'm not get no fight. Not on duty right there. What? I said he what Jelly roll? He a little big he no, no, no. That don't you seen it? I'm just saying like, jelly invited You know what I mean for sure. Been in some shit They had. But You Know, we would've had to jump his ass. Okay. See, okay, I understand Him. I would've had to grab a bottle or something. But yeah, Jelly's my brother bro, like that, that came about. I mean his squad, we, our squad, we, we hated each other. It was like a, a thing with i I, me and Yellow Wolf didn't like each other.


That was yellow wolf yellow. And I dunno, I think it was just, it, it just, it was a, a lot of tension between Nashville and Cleveland at that time. But then there's also a big dope connection. And so a lot of that, like a lot of the, the older homies were like, this is not good for business. So I think that kind of squashed itself in time. Mostly it squashed itself with a drunk FaceTime phone call to be honest. Like, we just got drunk and we're like, man, we're low key. The same person bro. Like, yeah, fuck all this shit. Let's, let's unite. And then, man, I sat with Jelly and like he took me to church, bro. He really, He, he, he's he's changed many things about me in just one conversation, right? And then I'm grateful to have him, you know, kind of as, as a mentor now and being a more stable, less angry human, you know?


'cause a lot of the times it's easy to be mad at the world and you know, as far as popularity goes when you mention that and, and brands and all that, like, I don't really ever acknowledge my popularity. So to me, when I was making the shop, it was strictly from a place of, you know, here's another canvas. I wanna paint something beautiful on it. And so yeah, I mean, but I also wanted to bring like health conscious food here, like organic coffee, food that excites, you know, and, and, and have ingredients that may be different than the norm. More rappers come at you, right? Yeah. How, like how do you, how do you take it?


How do you, is it like a competitive thing, like a basketball thing? Okay, let's get on this court, let's See what we can do. Is it a, well, First off, we all die laughing at that shit every time. Yeah. Because it's always clowning to me. So you don't ever take it serious then I take it serious when it's time to But you think it's just more of a clout warrior shit? Sure. There's a of cl clout warriors out here For Absolutely. Like, you punch up no one punches down. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And you respond up, you don't respond down. But what if somebody's gonna like, you know, You, Know, we right here, we, we we neck and neck. Yeah. Because see, growing up when we was rapping, if somebody came at you, it wasn't, it wasn't never really, you thought about no physical shit, it was like, oh, you want this work or you think you could fuck with me.


Now it's like ity, oh nigga wake me rappers. Right? What the fuck's go with? So this shit got a lot different, you know? Yeah. For us it was just a sport like, oh, okay, you think you could jump ahead? You, it was like a basketball thing. Like that's why I asked you like, how do you take it? Is it like, oh, he dissed me. Alright, come on, watch this. Yeah. Or, or you take it like, I can't believe this fucking guy or Yeah, no, we, we, we laugh at it and then we get on the court and I dunk on him. Yeah. you know, poster their ass. Yeah. Pause. Did you ever, Did you ever, did you ever hear somebody come at you and you'd be like, oh, that shit hot. The motherfucker was kind of nice. It Was kind of hot.


Mm. I mean, ain't gotta say no names, but you ever was like, No, you can say, you can say whatever names. No, I'm saying I don't, I Don't, I'm talking about you. I don't, I don't really know if artist came at you. I just know you just said elaborate. You had some issues, but like Yellow Wolf and so I'm just assuming they must have threw some raps out there before, So, oh yeah. Yeah. I mean I Just wanted to know how you felt when a rapper come at you. Like is it like, okay, hold, I'm going to the studio tonight is the fuck on. Like, or you know, a lot of rappers take shit in different ways. Yeah. I mean you can even see it with Rap Devil. I did that the same night. Those three dishes came out on me same night. I did my shit. I don't gotta wait. Right. That's how we was. The faster the better. Yeah.


To me, to me, if you wait, that's choking. Yeah. It Makes you look A little, yeah. So like with with it's, I look I'm MVP on my court. Yeah. So I, I play the game when it's time to play, but sometimes I, if I gotta punch down and I'm like, yeah, no, I'm cool. You Know, we just laugh that off. But yeah. What, what, what, what inspire you these days? Like what are you listening to? What are you watching? What are you reading? Like, what inspired you to keep going? The author who wrote The Alchemist? He has a, he has another Malcolm Gladwell. Nah, that ain't him. This Palo lemme Shoot. I'm thinking about the other book. Alright. My fault. Lemme Get the name right. Yeah. I'm, I'm tripping.


I'm thinking about this other book, Puelo, you're probably butchering his name, but any book that he's written is from a perspective of someone who clearly is tapped into something, into the universe that offers advice from a place of, I'm not speaking on something specific, it could just resonate with you however it resonates. But it is telling you how to be grounded and, and you know, achieve a goal. I love, I love this book, the archer that he wrote where he said, doesn't matter how technically skilled someone is, it never beats a shot that's done from a place of like the soul being aligned.


Okay. Right. So like someone who, you know, could be considered the best. If someone comes in with the mo that's most, the most authentically themselves and shoots that arrow from a place of, of groundedness and balance energy and where their soul is really into it, it's always gonna beat that. And I love all the books that he writes. Right. Like, I love, I'm inspired by what am I I'm inspired by sound, smell, you know, all, all five senses. I'm, I'm really awake and that's why I still feel like I haven't made my best music yet. I'm just now being able to like see the world.


I want to go to different colors. I wanna go to your block. Yeah. I don't wanna take you. We're going let, Let, let's go to the block. Let's take it from there. Let's shoot, let's shoot up out here. Lemme get some more food though, right. He gonna take his shit. Stop. I ain't gonna take no shit right now. He gonna decorate the bathroom. He ain't gonna lease your tallest seat. you Know you gotta lease the toilet. We going, You gotta do the what? You gotta wipe it down first then you gotta lease it. Yep. How many layers You gotta promote seat. you know if you, I'm Got one layer dude. Oh no you see you should, you bare back in the toilet that's like bare back in the toilet. You got la that join up like three times. But I always make sure there's no drops. So no. So when the paper goes down it's leaking through. I, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm Yeah, Yeah. Art to it. He just be back warrior. No you go extremely.


No I'm Olympic. I just, That's wild Olympic shitter. You got the gold medal? Yeah, I'm Gillie Bow Simone uncle But yo, that's wild man. You was a vicious boy. So you be having your hands on the toilet. Yeah it toilet. You be having your hands On it. It don't matter your hands. No I can wash my hands. I ain't, the rat ain gonna get on my hands. It's gonna get on your ass. that shit crazy man. And I don't shit like that. I don't be taking shits in the airports where a hundred thousand asses hit the tallest seat that day. I don't do that type of shit. You no more. I get up and then I see stand up. That shit be dripping as you wipe your ass like a woman.


You sit there and put the toilet paper back there. Sit on you. I stand up like a grown ass man and wipe my ass man you still wipe your as down. Shit coming outta your league. See she used shit. You find out what million dollars worth of gaming. Tell us we take to the block man your and we go to the block and it's just like that Right Summer is all about the freedom to have fun but you don't need to blow your budget on a trip to make the most of it. Forget a vacation and take a tequila vacation with new truly tequila soda. This refreshing blend of real fruit juice from Concentrate Sparkling water and premium Tequila Blanco is the drink of the summer Try all four refreshing flavors. Lime pineapple, guava grapefruit and watermelon All with 5% A, BV and just 100 calories.


Take a tequila occasion with new Truly Tequila Soda today. Truly Tequila Soda Keep it light hard. Seltzer beverage company Boston Mass Please drink responsibly.