
Hey. Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast. Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Right? You now tuned into me, me, me. Million dollars Mworthofgame. Listen, we got nothing up here today. We got nothing up here. Who, who? We got up here. Listen, we got nephew up here. Who? We got NARDO WICK up here. I know. This little badass boom boom. Oh, okay. Okay. That's, I know that. So you weren't exposed to that Business. Used to go street. Used to before he got kicked up outta Lee and all that. You know he, that's, I know we knew Somebody. Yeah. I mean he used to run around all crazy. He Had to put enough business out there like that though. Little boom boom, little boom boom was bad as shit.


Man, mom always boom, boom, sit there, get off the couch. He just all over the place wilder than a man went to Lee. That was the school he went to. Then they kicked him up outta, they got boom, boom straight. He was on some crazy, Okay, now we gonna get right to it. Right. You see his mind? He like, how do he know? Yeah, I know some people that know some people. Doug, We gonna get right to it. I want to know because me, this, this, this is crazy. No though I'm a big fan of ep. Right. That's my thing. I always tell me this, my personal, I think I'm like a a and r slash manager slash eight. I be telling all the time, put the EP out. Right. Because the attention span of the average, you know, are, are your fans any, give your fans something to hold onto as you preparing to do other things and you ain't torn whatever.


Like what made you come up with the EP Man? Hold on. What made you Do that? Just because, just just 'cause it, it had been so long, you feel me? I ain't wanna just shoot straight to the album. So I wanted to warm 'em up first and get 'em back in the groove. Get back in the algorithm a little bit And you know, it's hot. It's hot. So what was they re you know, what was they, they reaction to it? How did you feel they reaction to it? Yeah, I, I, from the reaction I seen with it, honestly I really would, should wish we would've waited a little longer. Like built out the EP a little bit. 'cause it was a cover song that that was sticking but then it, we pushed right into the album. So, but let me ask you this, how do you maintain, you come on the game, you young boom, You come right in the game.


Yeah. Like how do you deal with that? I mean easy. Just deal with it. You just got, you gotta deal with it. You ain't got no choice. You know what I'm saying? You gotta deal with it. You feel me? Just go along. I prepared the whole time. Like before I even got in the game, I was prepared mentally. Like you feel me? 'cause I knew what was what it was gonna be. I knew what I wanted to do and I did it. So it really wasn't no preparing, like I was prepared already. So it really wasn't no dealing with it. But how do you deal with the, the side effects of success? Like the fallouts, you know? 'cause once the paper come, you know, everybody get entitled. A lot of times. Family, friends, associates, people standing around. Honestly I deal with it. I just cut a motherfucker off.


You like who? We sound like Your nephew from N no because, because Cut nigga off or? No, because because Hey Nigga, you breathing too hard around? No, I'm just saying man, Get anybody. I'm just saying no. No because it is real. Because we, we come from a culture where though everybody pocket watching and when you come up and I don't think a lot of times people, you know I got, I got, I got, I know people that's just doing their thing, working regular and they be shocked. Some of the stories that I tell 'em about how I just call you one day. Like, yo man, you know what I mean? They come up with the craziest joint, yo man I need 55,000, man, I gotta send my daughter to school. Man. They just kicked your daughter go to public school. Yeah.


I, hell nah, I don't be going for that. Like I say, I, I cut off like if I feel like it's stress, like before I'm finna be stressing out over a situation, trying to help him. I just cut him off. Won't answer period. Because, and then I feel, I look at it like be like you don't never answer when I call you. But you ain't never called me this much to know if I would've answered, you feel me? Damn. Damn that's some game right there. Damn fucker never called me that much. I'm like, so how? You know, I would've answered back then. Right. You only called me three, four times my whole life. Right. Ain ain't calling me three, four times a month. Right. I Like that. So do your real life. How do you put the, you know, basically like, you know, going to that studio like therapy. What is your process when you're going into the studio? When you making a song?


Like, like how did, how do you prepare for it? Before I go, I probably listen to a couple beats. See if I catch a vibe. It depends, like if I'm in Atlanta, like home, listen to a couple beats go, it feel like more work. But when I'm in like Jacksonville, it feel like natural. Like having fun, you know what I'm saying? Because the vibe, the energy, like it, I feel like I'm, I'm young still, but I feel like normal, more normal when I'm in the city. Like with my guys like where I'm from and just feel more normal. Right. So I just go and do what I do. But when I'm in at home in Atlanta, that's where I live at. When I'm in Atlanta, I listen to the beach prepare more. Like I'm finna go to work, listen to the beach, try to be more prepared so I don't waste time.


You feel me? Who was you listening to when you, when when I'm talking about, you know, 'cause sometimes we listen to motherfuckers or who did you listen to before to be inspired and be like, yo, I'm gonna turn my up. I'm gonna do this. Like Really everybody who was successful, that's what inspired me to turn myself for like everybody who was successful back then. Like the young, like young boy. I listened to Lil Baby back then. That's why I was on heavy like around like 18 when I was like 18, 17, 18, 19. That's what I was listening to. How old are you now? 23. 23. It's crazy that from when I first seen you, when we had the concert to now it's just like I see the maturation of like he really a grown s man now.


Before you was like more laid back just you would talk but not too much. Yeah. You know what I mean? Now I see you really coming into your grown man. When you FI now I don't know how much work you put in. Before I was introduced to a lot of times a lot of artists be putting work in, putting work in behind the scenes. Don't nobody know 'em. And then they catch a break and then everybody know 'em and they think that just happened overnight. Yeah. That's how it did with me. I Forgot, you know what I mean? Yeah. First time I was introduced to you, you was on a song with Dirk, you, you know 21 Herbo 21 and they was trying to put a little SMU on your name, put a little mustard on your jacket. Oh we a industry plant.


How he come right again? Them Me so mad. I ain lie you mad But you look up Like, like once I learned what industry plant was, yeah. I like man you ain't know what that was. I ain know the mud. Yeah, but it like, because they was saying like, you getting plugged in or you knew people before. But I didn't know nobody, I got email right now I'm sending like it's certain people in the city like OGs who had like a little pull in the music industry. I tried to send my music to them. They, you know what I'm saying? I'm sending them the same, who won't smoke letting them hear the same song. Right. You need a little development. And nobody from the city like really with me until it was too late. Like once I, 'cause how I got discovered, I used to put my on, it was like a Chicago page, but they used to post a whole bunch of like all my, when I used to do my snippets, I used to have guns and my snippets.


So no blogs would really post it with the guns. Right. But it would be like the Chicago page that post everything like shootings, all type of crazy. I used to put my on they pages and a lot of Chicago seen it. And then that's how Mooney, that's how he found me. And he caught me like that. He came to Jacksonville, seen me and that was it. And rest history. They flew me out to LA. But yeah, I worked, I worked real hard. Ain ain't gonna lie, But, but why you never stopped? Because it's crazy. Would you say you were sending the emails out, say you need to do this, you need to do that. What kept you going man? Because a lot of, like, a lot of creators, they stopped because they be like, man, Yeah, like boom. I was trying to pay, I was trying to, I had hit like I I, I was trying to pay Bootsy for promo too because I know he like used to do the page promo and I used to see the, he do, I remember he did somebody, I'm looking at him, they get like 5,000 followers.


They get because I just wanted to get to that 10 K followers. I feel like once I get to that, yeah. Fucking won't be scared to follow me. Like they like the music, they gonna follow it because they see 10 other following. But it was too much. I'm like, I got 2000. Like boom, I, I know it's like 5,000 for the post. I'm like, I got 2000 boots. Manager was like all signed me though. Back then I would've signed to anybody. Boots manager was like, he was like, let me hear something of your music. Let me how it sound. Because he, I said what he posted? He was like, I'm gonna ask him. I said, well he posted for 2000. He was like, I'm gonna ask. He was like, you from Jacksonville? I'm like, yeah. He like, lemme see some of the music. I sent it to him. I didn't say nothing. But by the time it was too late. I ain't need to boost post no more though.


And then the other, I met with a that produced in Jacksonville. I went to the studio, met with him. They never made the beats. He was saying he was gonna make me some beats. Ain't never made the beats. And then bigger rank, I sent bigger rank. Y'all know y'all ever heard the bigger Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I sent bigger ranking the emails on my music. He was like, he the one said the development, he ain't never hit back. But like I say, everybody started reaching back out after the buzz had already struck. But by then it was too late. But like I didn't hold, I never hold nothing over nobody. Like ain ain't be like you 'cause I, I understand. You feel me? That's what need people around them to know.


'cause a lot of be too busy. Like start sounding the same to 'em. You feel me? Like I know 30 done sent music to him today. Sound like, you know what I'm saying? Like when you listen to the same beat over and over Now, now this what I need to know. 'cause you shocked. Who gave you the game to know that? Because you was spending money your own, let me tell you something. Nothing. And was you reaching out like you was putting the actual email in? Yeah, he sent the email. Yeah. I was in there. This, this, this what I'm Oh he wanted that. Yeah. This what I'm trying to figure out because a lot of people that come up from where we come up the ghetto, they always looking for somebody to just throw the money into him. You know, you'll catch a dude like you was throwing money into yourself. Where did you get that game from? I mean, I just knew somebody had to do it.


If ain't nobody gonna do it, I gotta do it. You know what I'm saying? Like my daddy. My daddy, he like, see my daddy used to sell drugs, then he stopped. You feel me? Because you know, telling the police like, be too risky.


This episode of Million Dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by KFC. The future of Dunking is here. The Dunk it bucket is no ordinary release. It's the first of its kind customized flavored experience. KFC is introducing the first ever bucket built for Dunking. It's an interactive, crave worthy food experience designed for the ultimate dipping, dunking, sharing, and devouring. Now with the new Dunking bucket, KFC is inviting everyone to get in on all the delicious possibilities and dunk in their way. 'cause Dunking isn't just for basketball legends anymore. It's for everyone. KFC Dunk It Challenge may be over, but you can still dunk, dip and Devour with KFC. Dunk it bucket. And if you haven't seen the the KFC Dunk It Challenge, you can go check it out on YouTube. Or you could just join personally by taking one of these good old tenders right here and these fries and dunk it in one of these tasty sauces. KFC Dunk it.


Right this episode, A million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by DraftKings. The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it is time for all the high stake drama clutch moments and jaw and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting. Draftking Sports book has you covered. It's an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals. Now's the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase glory. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop now. Want to make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30 points, 40 or more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app now locking your bets. And let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's some new specials for first timers. New DraftKings customers Pet $5. Just five. And get 200 in bonus bets instantly. Make it a playoff run. You'll remember with DraftKings. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code Gillie G-I-L-L-I-E. That's code Gillie for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours to put it on and wear it right. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


So he working, he telling me like, you like this month I gotta pay rent with this. The next month we put something to the music and really when my grandma died they got a, you know the little life insurance. Yeah, sure. It really wasn't that much though. I think. I think my dad only got like 2000 from it. We put all that into the music. We upgraded the mice to Avalon. Like anything, any type of money that came in into the music period. Like I asked my family members for the money. I wasn't buying no shoes and everything was for music. Literally like I put everything into So You had your own studio? Yeah. And a house with my dad. We, he built, he built a studio like outta pipes. He put the pipes like it was just this little small little booth pipes and curtains.


You, we looked it up I to build like a little portable booth. He connected the pipes and then put the curtains around it. Is That where you did that first record at? Yeah, that's how, that's what I did. The horn smoke. That's really why I did my whole first album at Yeah, my, my daddy first bought the mic. It was like a little $4 mic. All we had was the mic in the stands. Like see that's why we don't use Pro Tools 'cause that was too much to get. We used it called Studio One, we still use it. It was only $40. I was doing a song with That shit. Like I ain't trying to mess up Bluetooths. Yeah, but how much was the whole studio though? The whole studio that pop hook up In the beginning $40 and then we just upgraded as we went. Like we got a different mic. First we started with a little $40 personas mic.


Then we upgrade it to the, I think it's called Ashton. I think that like $200. Then we upgrade it into the, we didn't even get to Avalon until after, I mean not the Avalon Newman. We didn't get to Newman until way after. But we just upgraded everything. We upgraded the interface. You feel me? We just kept upgrading everything as we got like any little money we got, we upgraded. So you Knew why? You knew why? Like you can win. 'cause he hands on. Yeah. He like, you gotta understand this. If if 10 more artists, nine more artists, you being 10 came in here and sat down right there, they couldn't tell you what mic they rap on.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I Especially at your level like, or maybe some when you get to a certain level you're like, no, I need the best of the best. Oh gimme that. Yeah. At 23 years old now like yeah I started off with this mic, then my dad went, took another bean down there. Then we had got this mic. Yeah. Then I think I came across two more honey. Then we went back and got this. Don't know that. Yeah. So the fact that you hands on like that, that's probably the reason why you win. Don't never change the shit. I was, I was real, real, Real, real, real precise. Like I knew what I want. I knew like the, I see my sound, my sound that didn't come up. I didn't, I ain't know what my sound was gonna be. I just rap. Listen to the beat and rap.


Like I ain't try to sound like nobody. I just rap. Right. Mother be like, how you come up with a flow? I just rap. I don't know. You feel me? And then it end up sticking. Like once I found, 'cause if I, when I go back and listen to my first, like the first first couple songs I was making, it was really like all over the place. And then when I found the one, like when I used to find good beats on YouTube, I didn't just click the beat. I used to go to the, the person who posted it and listen to all of 'em like so I can get a pattern. Right. And I finally found a channel who had the making all the type of beats I liked and I was using them beats and that how my sound came. And I knew like what it, I know I needed eyes. I'm like, I know don't like it.


They just gotta hear it. You feel me? I was doing all type of to try to get eyes. That's crazy because I'm sitting here and I'm saying to myself, see one thing about it, when we started a million dollars Mworthofgame, right? This whole thing was for dudes that could come up here that got success and give out a million dollars Mworthofgame. Yeah. Yeah. The reason I kept pulling out at that information you was giving. 'cause that's a million dollars mworthofgame to somebody that's out there right now in the trap that's gambling that might listen. And the reality of it is might get killed, go to the penitentiary or they might just give up. They might stop And just hearing your story is like, and that's the everyday story. Dudes trying to figure this out. And a lot of dudes don't know, like you said, like just the whole mindset.


'cause I never thought of this myself. Well you said I just need to get 10,000 'cause if I get 10,000, that mean gonna make people cool to follow me. Yeah. Like 2000 followers. I might listen to it and like it, but go to the page like, you feel me? Like they got 2000 followers. Right. I know once I got 10,000 followers like that 10 k it look good. Fucker won't be scared to follow me. Right. You feel me? Now you was doing your whole thing. Did you go up on, did you go up on like Distro Kid, the United Masters or something when you was first doing It? Yeah, I, that's how I first started. Like I was on Distro Kid. I only, I had dropped like three songs before. Like they had family draw like three songs. Distro Kid, like I was doing, I was doing Distro Kid and then I was dropping like I had to go, I'm, I'm gonna try to drop every week.


Video was like $400. And I first, the first music video I ever dropped. Like I said I always wanted, I know I needed the eyes. I ain ain't wanna make a YouTube channel from scratch because I know wasn't gonna see it. So I paid a YouTuber to post it. I tried to pay a, a YouTuber to post it on their video on their channel. And they posted it. Then it got deleted like two months later they talking about it got deleted. I still don't even know if that's what you feel me, but they end up, we ended up getting money back. They was like, it got deleted but I still don't think it got deleted. I think they just took it off. How Many views you got? They had like 60,000 in like That's cool. Yeah, in like a month. Then I was like, then I had to start over. Then I was like, I'm just making my YouTube channel. Then I made my YouTube channel.


My wasn't doing nothing, but I ain't get discouraged. Like my first song in there had like 200 views in a week or something like that. 200 views in two weeks or something like that. Like I had a screenshot. I got a screenshot because I knew I, I screenshot, like I screenshot all my progress. I still, I remember I had a screenshot from my month into this month. I had like a thousand months this month. Had a screenshot where motherfucker, when I had 2000 followers, I got that screenshot. I got a screenshot when I got 200 views on, on YouTube. Then I got like the progress. When did you know it was real? Like at what point was you like, okay, When that money came? Oh no, not, not even when the money came.


I didn't even when the money came, when they called, when everybody was calling. I'm like, okay. Like I'm feeling good. Like it, it is picking up. Mm. And when that money came, I'm like real, I'm in the car. Like before it even came, after I signed the deal, I'm in the car. Ryan started crying like, boy I time. 'cause it felt like it was taking so long. But then when I looked back, everybody like, you blow fast. I'm like that fast, I been sweat blood and like this everything. I'm putting my everything into it. So it felt like it take, it was taking way longer than what it was. But in reality it really only took like a year, two years. Yeah. But when you putting everything in Exactly If, if you put a hundred percent in what you trying to do, right?


Like Going broke For 365 days, damn feel like it's two years Feel forever 'cause you really working and you really, and then it make the journey even longer.


When this podcast is brought to you in part by Stash, saving and investing can feel impossible. But with Stash it's not just a reality, it's Easy. Stash isn't just an investing app, it's a registered investment advisor that combines automated investing with dependable financial strategies to help you reach your goals faster. They'll provide you with personalized advice on what to invest and Based on your goals. Or if you want to just sit back and watch your money go to work, you can opt into the award-winning expert manage portfolio that picks stocks for you. Stash has helped millions of Americans reach their financial goals and start at just $3 per month. Don't let your savings sit around, make it work harder for you. Go to get dot Stash dot com slash dollars to see how you can receive $25 toward your first stock purchase interview. Important disclosures, that's get do st.com/dollars paid non-client endorsement. Not representative of all clients and not a guarantee. Investment advisory services offered by Stash Investments, LLC and SEC Registered Investment Advisor Investing involves risk offer is subject to t's and C's.


This episode a million dollars mworthofgame is bought to you by Jackpocket. Order the lottery tickets right from your phone with JackPocket America's number one lottery app. JackPocket has so many lottery games to choose from. They have Powerball, Mega Millions, and other official state lottery games. Best of all new customers get your first lottery ticket free using our code Gillie. That's G-I-L-L-I-E. Yeah, make sure you spell it right at checkout. Jackpocket America's number one lottery app in official partner of bars Stu Sports. So make sure y'all download that JACKPOCKET app. You hear me? Put in Code Gillie get your first ticket for Freak may hit Mega Millions may hit power ball. You never know. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 18 or older, 19 or older in Nebraska. 21 or older in Arizona. JackPocket is a lottery courier in not affiliated with any state lottery Eligibility restrictions Apply Void where prohibited promo code required for $5 Non withdrawable credit terms at j kpt.co/draw Sponsored by Jackpocket Based on 2024 iOS download data collected by Sensor Tower.


You might be progressing but it's not what you, it's not how you want to see it Progressing. Exactly, exactly. You like put out on video and got 4,000 views. Now the next one got Yeah, Exactly. 6,000 mean it just supposed to be a 30,000 Like so it even make the process seem longer. Yeah because I thought, I thought that's how it was gonna be. 'cause I'm like, I done put all my, I done put all my brains, all my thoughts and brains into it. I'm like, so I'm thinking the first song, that's it. Like I prepared everything. I set everything up. So whenever I dropped the first song I'm thinking it's gonna pop. It didn't, I'm like, I dropped another one down, just started grinding from scratch. So, but when I started getting my first 10,000 views, I remember I was happy. Like my first rap money I ever got, I was happy.


I don't, I ain't even, I think I only had like 8,000 followers or something. Paid me $200 for a feature. I was so happy. Like God I remember I spent my, I spent my $200. I was happy hell like this is the first money I ever made off rap. Like period. It was only $200 I did it. I mean ain ain't even do the feature. I sent 'em a song. I was halfway done. I was wondering, I'm like, I Wonder if they ever tried to drop it. I don't even know what at. And then he was like, Don't worry about it. He going come with, soon as you drop this album, yo old man, remember that joint for 200. I'm trying to do the video now. He'll be like, what? And he was like, he wanna shoot up, shoot the video. I told him gimme the four more hundred. I was gonna drive like six hours just for the 400. But he ain't never, I think end up getting locked up.


Oh That's determination though. This nigga gonna drive six hours for, that's the determination. I was a lot of money to me back then. Yeah. But no, it's just real and it's just, it just show you're trans that you're transparent and do that. You gonna get so many people to gain because like, I'm gonna be honest with you, you know, people said you, you need more development. They know. But I realize in this you don't know what's going to go. Yeah. You don't know can't, you can't come. I can't. You can't. You can't. Like, and I think a lot of times people be going to people and get, trying to get their opinion. They don't even know how they gonna get they life and order, let alone know. Something about the art that you, that you, you know, that you working on to put your, your money into. So it, it is good that you ain't stopped. Now you in the game how that song come about that you, you heard about How did the song come about?


'cause because you, you grinding, I did the song, see that's the song that made Moony called me. I did a little snippet. I was at like the, the roof of the car with like three guns in my hand. I did a little snippet and then that's, and then that was like the vi the views and the lights. It was, it wasn't that many back then, but it was more than the other videos. I like this one. And then once they called, everybody was calling and calling and calling. They flew me to la boom. They with the song like I didn't, like they were, everybody was talking about to stumping. But I didn't think that was, that was just a part of, I was, that was normal for me. Like, 'cause I used to always try to do something different along my song because that part was normal.


They flew him to LA and then heard was there and D say he was playing it at the light and heard ask him like who that is? He like, I'm thinking about signing, I'm gonna fly him out here. So when I flew out there, he met me Boom. And he did his verse first. He was like, I'm get on that shit. Fuck with it. He did his verse first, boom. Then like that was it. Later on I'm doing songs, doing songs regular, going on about my life, dropping videos. And then I text Savage and then Savage had followed me and I'm like, okay babe, I ain't text him going on going on. Then I text him, I was like, I got, I like I want you on the song, duh duh.


He was like all S send it. He ain't do it right then. Then I end up hitting him like probably like a month later. I'm like, don't forget dude. I was like, you you still gonna do it? Something like that. He was was like, yeah, I got you. I'm gonna do it tonight. And he did it. And then when I linked with Dirt by this time the song already going up, it probably was almost Gold by then and Dirt did his verse. Then that's, I came by, I just put all of my own song because I could, I could've spread it out. Try to get this from this. No it was best if you put all of 'em on a song. Yeah. See I didn't even know you had the version out. That was without Dirk. Yeah, I did. And it was, it was going up. Yeah. So you just had the first version was just you and Yeah, just me.


No, just me. Period. It was me by myself. I had already dropped it. Okay. And then it was you and G Herbo? Yeah, but I ain't drop it. G Herbo did his verse first. Oh, okay. Then I just got the Savage verse Then the third verse. Okay. So that was just the remix you came with with all of them on. Okay. How do you stay creative when you going? Because you know, once you get the, once you, you come from the trap. So a lot of times we come and we, we get spit about that then our lifestyle change just start to rise. Yeah, the paper start to hit. You're dealing with a D you know you're driving a different car, you living in a different crib, you're traveling different, you know you're dealing with a different caliber S in the be, I mean all that type of, how do you, how do you, how do you keep the music because once you rap about that life then you rap about this.


Like how do you keep going up? Really? Like it depends on what I'm trying to tap into. Like if I'm trying to tap into a certain vibe, might go to Miami for four days. Okay. Like that I'm trying to tap in like my origins. I go to Jacksonville. That's why I get my best vibe at Jacksonville. I go to the city, I might pull up to the hood a little bit, pull up on my dogs and that's really it. Like it just depend on the vibe I'm trying to catch because that like back then it was so easy to make music. Yeah. Now I seem like a nigga gotta think like overly think. No, but let me just tell you something that mean, that mean that's what you doing. Yeah. See The one thing I always speak on I don't understand about rappers is when they complicate this, don't never complicate this.


Yeah. Because think about it like this, when you didn't have none of this right. All you needed was a $40 mic and you was like I'm getting busy now You got all the money, you got the jewelry, the drip, the five star restaurants, the best hotels, little little chicken tenders screaming your name. Ah. It should be easy to go to the studio now. Yeah. You know what I mean? I don't understand when they, when when you get everything and then you like I got writer's block call cont tenders in here and tell 'em beef you up and that's going.


They tell em suck the writer's block out you what the you talking about? Yeah. Get the to the studio. Yeah. Having to catch that vibe Sometimes. But it, it's just, but you gotta understand just being in the studio you'll like nah, I wasn't even coming tonight and I got the biggest record I ever did. Yeah. That had be too. It is just being in there, being locked in. It's like you always gotta remember that it's mother out here that gotta wake up every day and go to a nine to five. They gotta be there 8 58 every day. They gotta wake up the same time every day.


Breakfast gotta be done. They gotta clock in is 1159 Gigi for lunch 1259 Gigi. They back five 50 chi they off. Yeah. So you gotta understand that this is my nine to five. Exactly. Yeah. This my, this is, I gotta go clocking in life. If I don't go clocking in life then what the fuck am I doing? Yeah. And a lot of rappers get too comfortable and they forget to clock in on life. You a rapper, you ain't clocked in in three months. I know you getting all the sucks. You love driving in the Florence. The clubs is ooh the liquor.


Ooh you got to D ooh you pouring the mouth go clock the at the studio bro. That's when you get your money. Yeah, exactly. So you can never forget the main thing is the main thing. The main thing. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And that's where a lot of s fall off at. Yeah Because once they get there it is like I made it this episode a million dollars Mworthofgame is bought to you by New Amsterdam Vodka now life ain't going your way. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your wife cheating today. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming in but it didn't come your way.


Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. Is it still five times? It's filtered three times for that clean crisp finish. You could drink it straight up on the rocks. Juice soda is up to you. Or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. But when you're out and about at your local liquor store, this is where it's at. Don't you walk past this New Amsterdam Vodka, you scoop it up like a funboy at the gold line, get it to that register boot, take it home and drink the wave of your choice. New Amsterdam Vodka get in tune just to wave the official vodka of bar stoop sports. It's create for pre-game as well. Shout out to the new Amsterdam queen Tootie be at the CRI with a girlfriends doing the cocktails and things.


Right. You gotta understand we got a studio house. Right. And I like my studio house 'cause said, 'cause he said man we gonna go get, let's go get a 10,000, 20,000 square foot facility manufacturing man make that the fun factory. And I told him no 'cause I could do that in two years. This right here make me feel like I ain't made it yet. Yeah, exactly. That's the mindset I wanna keep. I don't wanna feel like I made it. Yeah. Even though I know I made it. 'cause when I walk out my house I'm like damn. Yeah. But my mindset, I don't want to feel like I made it yet. Yeah. Now two years after we do our new deal, after we sell pure fuel, after we get a a trillion dollars for all these companies we got going on, come on man.


Let's go get a 50,000 square foot facility man. Yeah. But right now you staying home right Now I gotta, I gotta act like I ain't meat it yet. I don't even want to get comfortable. Yeah. You feel Me? So that that that's what I wanna let you know man you 23, you gotta look at it like this. I'm trying to go on a 10, 15 year run real quick. Yeah. If I could do that. Yeah. In today's game where, be here today and going tomorrow or they'd be the hot in the world on Tuesday, they'd be the coldest in the world on Friday. Yeah. If I could just maintain me a run. Yeah, you good.


I'm good. You know what I mean? So Yeah, that's the whole thing. So, so now with the, with the album looking like, and, and I wanna ask you this question, do you get rid of your hard drives? Meaning I always say some of the best you probably find is on the artist's hard drive that he don't even listen to or check out no more soon. I Lie. I don't know how. Shit, I don't even got no hard drive honestly. You don't? Nah, I mean what you saying it's a hard drive on, on on my daddy computer. Okay. But like when I record our other studios I just tell him send it to my daddy so he can mix it because I don't be like how that be sound? So your dad mix? Yeah he mix. He missed some shit.


He been mix. Oh he's a, Your dad was rapping back in the day or something? Yeah, a little bit but he just bought, like I say he was recording me when I'm telling him. I'm like you gotta learn how to miss Turn this daddy to an engineer in there. Yeah nigga be calling you your drums too high nigga. Damn. I told him, I'm like it gotta sound right 'cause I was telling him, I was like I can't ain ain't gonna be able to record it. It don't sound right. Then he just wanted to going on YouTube YouTubeing looking up seeing be different how this sound, how this sound, how this sound, how this sound. And he just end up getting it. He, I think now it's done about three, three years. We done been three, four years we've been doing it. So now he down there perfected it. That's crazy man. That nigga he going utilize it that around him.


Yeah. That you gonna manage your dad. You mix down on try to make myself cousin go my music. Hey Try to make my dog my security like that. All That shit. Yeah. He Nigga get two guns, you protect me, take take pictures. He gonna use the resources around him. I respect that, that he just told us his pop is be mixing his records down. I'm like damn he started with me So he still mixing 'em down. He he can go get the best mixes in the world. Yeah. Send it to my daddy. Yeah. He my mixer. He be making it sound good though. Yeah, exactly. And that's why I be telling my ain't broke no fish and shit. He been doing it. He did all these, he did the ones that got me where I'm at.


Yeah. Yeah. He know what he's doing. But do you like, how do you do, how do you find your beats now? Really? See that really be the hard part. But ain ain't gonna lie. I'm really finna start back going on YouTube like how I used to do. Okay. Like they get, try to get that just different vibes. But now I got like 3, 3 4 producers I use just tell 'em send me the beats. Or if I'm in the city of the end I tell 'em pull up. Yeah. That's really it. But I'm real pick with my beats. Like I, I construct, like if I get an idea, I call the producer, tell 'em my idea and then they'll send it back to me a day later. I I just critique it. Tell 'em do this, do this like that. I like the, I like the attention to detail that you paid especially Yeah. You on it because I'm gonna keep it all the way real.


I didn't pay attention to detail like that when I was your age. Yeah. You know what I mean? I just, either I like the beat or I don't like the, I don't like the man next beat. I don't like the man next beat. Oh yeah. That's Cool. Yeah. Like I done made it, I done, I done down there like re reconstruction. The beat a boy wanted the beat and he was playing them. It was like I liked it. The, the, the little kids on the beat but I ain't like to beat around it. Yeah. And I just told him I ain any way you can make this faster in the beginning, like double it and then make the beat drop it. Then he end up, he cut it up like how I wanted it Made it happen. Huh. Man your album out Ep Ep? Yeah the album out too. Album Me?


Yeah. I like the EP though. I ain't gonna hold you 'cause I, I'm one of them attention span bulls. I'm trying to take me in and out. You see what I'm saying? I love it. Yeah because because I ain't even gonna front it's so much coming my way. Like you gotta listen to so much, so much music. Yeah. It's just so crazy 'cause it's like you gotta think about it. They ain't used to drop this many out, you know, you know what I mean? Songs come out a day. I'm talking about probably like Drop Man probably like 2 million songs come out a day this period from independent to regular people, different germs and it's like that short p it is just like you could just throw it on, take that Rod you by the time you get to where you you in and out. Yeah. And you right there in and Out back then, back then.


Wasn't it like it wasn't that many? Hell no, no, no because nobody, we ain't, we ain't have independent channels with at Home could just be like, alright my out today. Yeah, Exactly. You know what I'm knew who, who was that was Only come out with every three years. So you drop a album and basically be touring for three years and ain't nobody gonna say you, you fell off or none of that. Now fucking want you to drop a album. Aint but, But that's also when radio was king. Yeah. Radio was, You know what I Mean? I was thinking about that the other day. I'm like is radio still the same? I don't know why I feel like and there like TikTok the new radio. Yeah It radio, radio fell off a lot because, because now you know you gotta understand back in the day if a put a single out we couldn't Google it.


Yeah. We couldn't sing. Oh let me go, we had to sit up and wait to hear that on radio. Oh this is joint I was telling you about man got yeah. Radio is breaking records. Right. It was breaking records. Now the internet is breaking records. TikTok is breaking records. You feel what I'm saying? There's so many sounds that you hear from the internet that you don't even know whose song it is and then that come on. Exactly. You like who I remember a few years ago, all I used to hear is welcome to Yeah. Times Crazy Fuck. And and then yeah then you fucker be like, you know this rapper, you like no.


And they be like, and you play the song and it's like, oh I heard this. Oh yeah I heard this before. So that's the blessing that y'all got. You know what I mean? It it, it was crazy because like if we go back in our time, like we used to have to wait to the song come on the radio to record it. To Record it, to record It. And then y'all keep it like that. Keep It on the tape. On the tape. So and then, and then it was a little different some and and that and that's a little what it is now. A lot of people is accessible. Like you'll be we'll never see you like never get to see you. Yeah. Like you'll be popping, we'll see your music video but I never get to physically see you. Right. Yeah. I don't really pop. I don't Do shit like I'm no I'm talking about back in the day. Oh back in the day. Yeah. I would've never seen you in my life. Probably sooner y'all done got video.


So Star The video Like it's bigger this you feel me? Because you never seen him. So when you see motherfuckers like yo you see day, then then then fucker do some corn. You like man that corny shit. Oh I get what you saying. Yeah. Yeah. You never Seen because it wasn't no internet. So all you see the video. The video, That's it. And then when you, so you never seen a motherfucker, you never seen celebrities like, like How you can go on Instagram when you got a motherfucker cussing picture. So when you seen a, it was real stardom like oh Yeah. They go like Yeah. And that's why Now to see you here listening to your music all day, he'll see you.


He got the same watch on as you and he like yeah got my watch on. They think they in the same Yeah Dog. You not on that ball level bro. You listen to that boy of music all day man. Act like a fan man. Yeah To be too cool sometimes. Yeah like you gotta understand I was with my wife man at the airport. I looked up, I said that's nice. Oh ba hey God loves you. Yeah. He like, I with you too G said all that up off you. Yeah. Like now this seen big daddy. That's my Big daddy can Yeah.


See Big Daddy KA rapper from back in the day right from the eighties. We in the airport, he's coming through, he's trying to be low key. Like he ain't, you could tell like it's six in the morning, bust out big daddy ka that it, He mad at hell. He was mad at, He came over and kicked the dope. You know what I mean? Yeah. He wanted to slap off. No that was stop calling my never. No but it was cool. Fuck. But I but but this is the thing though. You gotta understand this. You gotta understand this. Just imagine like you wear Jordan's all the time. Look you see how heavy Jordan is. You've never seen him in your life. Yeah. Most of us never seen Jordan.


Like everybody couldn't go to a game. Bullshit story. No, no I'm just saying, I'm not talking about when I seen Jordan that time I'm talking about he seen me. Yo say that bullshit. No he didn't. He did the same to Jordan. Then he did the big came Yo Mike, that's Mike. Mike Nigga said Mike did one of these Sneak in a hotel nigga daddy you doing. He said shoot that nigga scream my name saying But, but, but what I'm saying is fucking never seen Michael Jackson. You never seen he Yeah. So just imagine if fucking never see they can't go in TMZ, they can't go on Instagram. Yeah. Be to the even to the sky even more. Yeah. But it's like that shit like you, every, every city had the like powwows. They had to or they have a joint like a big festival or they have a joint in the summertime and that'd be like free.


That's be like the only time you seen the rapper. So now it's like everybody see you so much they just get so comfortable like oh he de dependable let me go to the next Who hot now? Yeah exactly. Who got a song out there and and the fan base is so unloyal we got an Unloyal fan base out here. Whereas though they just wherever's hot. It ain't like Yeah A fan base like copycats. Yeah It ain't, it ain't, it ain't even, it ain't even on a tip like alright fuck that we rocking with the fucker to lifestyle. Yeah like this is our artist. I that song helped me get through it. Now they be on Lil Johnny till next week. That that's like when you see old s right now I'm talking about the old that stuck in the time that don't exist no more. Yeah. I'm not that old. I ride around listening to young. Yeah I want The listen to a bunch of songs I already know for That's some dumb but I'm pretty sure you might have some more over there.


You know stuck at the town. They get in the car, they bang Tupac, they they was banging Tupac since the nineties. Yeah Think about that. 25 years they getting there. They bang biggie. They been playing that since these Yeah that's how loyal the fan base is now. I ain't that lawyer. I'm listening to you. The Dirk Young thug, the Lil Baby. The baby ain ain't I ain't no fool back Thursday. I'm riding around what the is that Clapping? Yeah me But man we appreciate you man.


Yeah, yeah I Appreciate that. But that tour when you on the tour Probably like three months, something like that. Okay, So you hit Philly. I knew that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. See last time I came to Philly they ain't do the right like they had the 21 or older and I was 19. I'm like how y'all do that? I told 'em to change it. The old one. Who was that? I don't know where he came off. It was lit. Yes. Yeah I fuck with that shit. It was lit when you came to our man but But shout out to your pop man. Yeah. Yeah because you know he seem like he is still a lot of game at you. Shout out to your mom too. Every time I see you he be rolling with her. She'd be like handling your business, getting you, I see you got like a family type of, you know what I mean, structure going on man.


And I salute that man. Yeah. Yeah. But everybody that's watching make sure you go get that EP in that album. Yes. Go both of 'em out right now. Yes. Right. This me and Os Mworthofgame Tom, Nardo Wick. And it is just like, damn. Right.