
Hey. Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast. Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Right. He was the oldest. Nah, we the same man. This my and we ain't got the same mama. That's just my brother, my best friend my whole life. Yeah. Damn right here. Yeah Man, brother. When I like in kindergarten. Yeah, I don't like kindergarten. My best friend my whole life. Different Dads. Nah, we ain't got the same mama or daddy. Neither one is my brother though.


I dig that. I dig that. Yeah. This is my mo brother. We got like it my mama, mama, his daddy. My daddy like I ain. My daddy died before I was even born but his, my momma look like it's the same thing like we were raised together. Damn. Like we did everything together since kids first tattoos. Like everything we did, we was so crazy since kindergarten school tried to split us up. Like they had a rule. Like we couldn't be in no class together from like the third grade. Once they caught on like these, like we ain't have no class together. That's deep man. That's nine years going on. Nine years he been gone. Yeah. Yeah. You know just hit eight.


No just hit eight. Yeah, just hit eight. Yeah. So inside of the yeah ain't some change man. Nine this year. You wish he was. I know you wish he was here with you. Shit be tough man, bro. Wild together right now. We ain't never think. I ain't think it gonna be this big. Who? Hell we robbing these $400 thousand dollars, 1200. Whatever you got we're gonna take from, we ain't give a damn. We gonna make it. We're gonna add it up and split it down the middle. Whatever we gotta do. Been time. We done went on play bro. Let me keep all the money. Yeah. We ain't give a damn like it was like that type of tip. That's deep man. I see. Rest in peace of this young Man. Yeah. Rest In peace of Mark. Come on now. I ain my name double. I not gonna did all behind bro. Like I name everything I had.


I put behind, put bro name behind it. Push they can't see me without seeing this name. That's crazy man. How he passed? He was on a play. Really like a play on the play. You going go rob on way to rob you. Same thing. Why I'm saying I died on play. If we, we caught our first case together. Five everybody to rob me, meet him and my big sister. Two my s and two older tail on us. Oldest one we come home bro. Bro died not even probably a year after we go in. Like we, we went in the whole 10th grade year after ninth grade we was in jail the whole 10th grade.


He died 11th grade year. Mm. That's crazy man. Yeah, it's deep man. Losing people. So You got purpose man. Yeah. Yeah. You got something. You know losing people man is a, is a hell of a motivation man. Could motivate you in a bad way or could motivate you in a good way. Push me to do everything though. Yeah. Push me to do everything. I had to graduate prom. I wanted to do everything behind bro. Broke gone So I gotta do it. Then we was the ones that everybody always thought was gonna be dead in jail. Like we was the ones that everybody knew for getting into like nigga. So we just came home bro. Back door die. So it was like hot like hell no I gotta do. So I gotta pop. I started rapping like two weeks before bro died.


I made like a freestyle. He the only one nigga. Nigga knew I can rap before he die. That's what really made me push with this. It's a blessing though. He looking down on you man. Seeing you turn it all the way up to unimaginable, You know? I don't really come to graveyard. So this just bringing back memories of just all the, that I lost man. Yeah. On my journey, you know what I mean? Especially my son, you know what I mean? Yeah. And why before I be doing I be having to calm more comes. I just come and let bro see it.


Like yeah I just pull up on him, let him see it. I know he can't see. I just pull up on him, let him see every step of the way. I, I been pulling up on every step away before bro had a steady headstone. Ain't no left. Every year the crowd gets smaller and smaller. Stop coming around. First year bro died. Whole city was there for him. Every year it gets smaller and smaller. Smaller, smaller, smaller, smaller. Nobody wanna come around no more. You holding down, That's all that Matters. That's mandatory matter. That's mandatory. I got to, I can't forget this. The whole world don't know about this bout this business, about this double up business.


That's definitely what it's about. He got any kids, he ain't had no kid. Nah he died. 17. That's deep. That's real man. That is real. This shit just bring back so many memories. Yeah man.


You gotta understand right when you grow up in the suburbs. Yeah. Most s don't even most that live in the suburbs don't even know that's been killed. Don't even know that's been shot. Yeah, think about that. You know what I mean? I got these joint man Ugly. I be telling you all my, all my closest partner dead in jail then all that was raised over me dead in jail. I'm the last one so I'm my last done can I I nigga I'm waiting on come home now.


Everybody else dead. All I really say like really love me. I know for a dying gonna die for me like a 5%. Ain ain't got a questioning they gone. That's Why you gotta hold the down Man. It gone like I ain't never 25 I heard telling me I was a young and they was 45. That's why you 25 been going through this my whole life. Real talk. That's why you gotta understand when you looking at this right here, that is more to life than it. Yeah. You know what I mean? You ain't going to die for that. You going to live. You feel what I'm saying? You ain't trying to go join him. You trying to live for that Face. So when you hit them stages in Toronto and and London and Switzerland and they know what the emblem mean right there man.


And they walking up on you like yo, like they know the man man. Rest in peace to mark Man. All facts Feel me Go up to you saying bro I ain big. Yeah right. And watching in the trap throwback first episodes. Yeah like Everything is possible Once you get motivated from all the pain that you go through in the trenches, anything you could do anything that, that, that pain that you go through in the trenches, you know loss of you know incarceration loss. They give that push. Oh man, push Push you and you feel like can't nothing stop you man.


You just feel like unstoppable. They come back from that loss. Who? And give a that push. I know I'm him. I know it. I just bounce back. I was just flat like anything Possible man. You just be like anything possible. I had to come let y'all see my brother man. This is the other half of me long lived Mark man. That's mandatory. Like the other half of me. I wouldn't even be doing it if it wasn't for bro, we'd probably be on some more shit. Are the pictures of him up top? It's real. Hold on, let me go. I'm gonna go grab somebody quick. That's real. Go grab a towel right quick. Alright. Yeah. Wipe me down.


What's Real Beautiful And Beautiful thing man.


Ain ain't gonna come see that man, let alone come clean them. I love you brother. I'll be back in a minute. Yeah. Ready? Yes sir. Long lived Mark man.


This episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by New Amsterdam Vodka Now life ain't going your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your woman cheating today. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming and it didn't come your way. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka that was distilled five times as filtered three times for a clean crisp finish. But something about New Amsterdam Vodka right, is you could drink it straight up. You could drink it on the rocks. You could drink it with juice or soda or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. That's up to you. But when you out and about at your local liquor store, don't you walk past that New Amsterdam Vodka. Don't you do it? You scoop it up, you take it to the, you scoop it up almost like the rebound in the final gimme that you feel what I'm saying? And then you get it home and you might finish it. Like Tyrese holler. That's the new Amsterdam feeling when you drinking New Amsterdam. It's great for pre-gaming, it's great for, for whatever you wanna watch right now. If you about to watch a movie, just know New Amsterdam Vodka to official vodka bars through sports to get you something.


Right.


This episode of million Dollars Mworthofgame is bought to you by Zip Recruiter. You know what speed dating is, right? Hmm. Okay, what if you were the owner of a growing business and it was a feature like speed dating but only for hiring. It is Zip Recruiter. In other words, you can meet several interstate qualified candidates at once all at a designated time. Well good news, ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter, you could post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates immediately Like the next day. Like you can find, find somebody qualified tomorrow for the job. And right now you could try ZipRecruiter for free ZipRecruiter dot com slash game. So if you hiring, you got a company you looking for the best candidate for the job, ZipRecruiter is the way to find them and you find them fast immediately. ZipRecruiter zip intro gets you power to quickly access excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro does all the work, all of it. And finding scheduling qualified candidates for the best position that you have to offer. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with new zip intro. Only the ZipRecruiter rated. Number one hiring site based on G two. Try ZipRecruiter for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash game again at ZipRecruiter dot com slash game. Zip intro post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow. ZipRecruiter.


Right Talk man. I don't got no through this back though. Huh? Lot niggas ain't got no action through the back though. No Got that back door action. This ain't no robbery. This ain't no robbery baby right here. This ain't no robbery. Dallas, Texas. What is Big T? You Wanna go to food? Walk around first or go straight to the barber shop. We go wherever, wherever you want to. Oh this. Oh we we up in the whole swap meet. Yeah. Yeah they bag all action. They got the swap meet in here. Oh yeah this, this. There's some Gucci shit before we leave man.


There's some different, some different shit. Here we are big teams Dallas, Texas, you know what I'm saying? Gil Ray get him some fits up outta here. He ready get dripped Play. I get he ready get dripped up. You know what I mean? Gil Ray get crazy man. MONTANA 700 brung us to the block man. This is Gil is a lot of dripping Gil. Here you go. Gillie these you these you cus woo them you. Oh they no Gillie love it. That's you too Gillie. Yeah the white bottoms. They ain't playing in here. See A lot of, they be tripping.


Oh a lot of lot of people be cheating. How y'all doing man? Y'all doing good. This where they go when they be cheating at? Yeah we doing good brother. They be out cheating man. See look nigga like me when I'm come here for two things. Would You come here for Tee some t-shirts? Hey right. We got something right Here. He coming up here for some T-shirts. That's it. He come here for Tee t-shirts. City lab. Best thing you gonna find a city. I need to move right now. It'd be nice for you girl. I got you killing these right here Gil. At your party? Yeah you can wear these to the party. Huh? You can wear these at the piss party Gil.


When they still got a bag full of ones like this Bro. That mean y'all ain't do y'all job last night. Call we leave with the warrants. That mean y'all ain't doing y'all job. Ladies step your hustle up. Hey What They need to do? I got like probably one 50 homie. Me and this bull have a money count contest. A Grown man side. Alright, let's get it. Let's get it. Come on, let, let's do it in the back right Here. We get it right here. Bush your head right quick. Keep it light. Hold up 'cause I'm fat. We gonna see who the fastest. Now you gotta understand this. I'm a old school player from the eighties and my okay I know what my, my thumb still got arthritis from counting all that paper back in the day.


Let's Go see who'll get the 51st or 30. I ain't got 30. You ready? That? You ready? One, two. Gotti got Got. Hey I, nah he just showed that I got it. He just pulled a trick Man. That nigga know how big that was. Come on. Alright, go back. Let do it right. Let Captain not one. Let's be right. Let's, let's be right about this. I'll be precise about this. Go ahead. One, Two. No, no. Count 1, 2, 3. I can't, I can't Hit. That's 30. He killed this. Count that.


That's a 30 piece. I bet I'm accurate. 30, 31. 31. You off. He was off. He was off. He was off. I went past it over. He gave a nigga a little extra. Yeah he Was off. He yeah he wasn't playing though. He tipped the nigga keep the change. He Said go ahead. He me Big TT Plaza Wasn't, he wasn't playing Big T Plaza. We out here Nigga Thumb don't work no more. Montana 700. We out here off nigga New DALLAS baby. New Dallas. NEW DALLAS. You know about Gil 1,000,050 in the backpack. NEW DALLAS baby nigga Be walking around 30 deep Jumping he and jumping out there.


That the big boy truck too man. Yeah. Never you fast. See I new D pop after You fast up baby Going Out very you faster than me. Yes Sir. You wanna see? Let's go when y'all ready, let's run. Let's run. Let run again. Yeah where you going? Cus right here. Oh he wanna fuck with young boy.


Young boy. This is my boy right here sir. How much you wanna be? How much you wanna bet wanna be? You beat me. I'm gonna give you a hundred dollars. Come on. Listen Neff. Hold Neff. If you beat him I'm giving you 200. I Bet. Hold on, hold on, hold on, Hold up, hold on, Hold Up on my Phone. Where we coming to? We going to MONTANA. Clear away man. Clear the weight man. Yo got a serious waste going on. Hold up. Hold up. Cus Neff if you beat him I got 200 for you. I told him I got a hundred for him. That's a tray hundred Not his love baby. When I put my arm down we gotta get it.


1, 2, 1. Hold on. Hold on now hold on now my arm ain't move. You gotta watch that arm If you running out the bank early baby. Keep it clear y'all one, stay out This two. Let's get it. Oh n come on Now. Stop. Stop Playing with me now. It ain't Take this B though anyway. Hold on. NN huh? Take this anyway. N look at he burn. I burn Him up. Is that right? He deserve, he gave your see you knew young nigga don't say thank you nothing.


Believe that n Much love Nev. Come on get a picture. So now you can pull this on net. See this the see He had the cleats on. That's why Cookie. What's up? Knew you couldn't beat me nothing. I you a head start. But you know how I knew you couldn't beat you. Come on. I beat your pop back in the day. Dust him. Yeah man. The NEW DALLAS baby.


Wait, Wait, wait, wait. But but see this This episode of me and I Mworthofgame is brought to you by CashAppPod. CashAppPod is safe. It's a fast way to send money and receive and transfer money to family and friends. CashAppPod has your back. If you are about to send money to a sketchy account, a scam warning pops up and you can set up your account instantly. Just enter your phone or email. No bank account needed none. No bank account needed at all. No waiting around for days. It's your money. You shouldn't have to wait. Not one minute. CashAppPod has your back. Transactions appear instantly and CashAppPod is just, it's just simple. You get the date, you punch the name in, you send how much money you wanna send. Soon as you go you pop up. You can see they Abby. You can see who it is. If it's the right person and you just press send. That's how easy CashAppPod is. So when you thinking about the best way to send money, it's CashAppPod. For a limited time only new CashAppPod users can use our exclusive code right now. Earn some additional cash right now. For real, there's no catch. Just download CashAppPod and sign up right now. Use our exclusive referral code M-D-W-O-G 10 in your profile and send $5 to a firm within 14 days and you'll get $10 drop right into your account. Think about that. Download the app M-D-W-O-G 10 terms apply. That's money that's CashAppPod right episode.


A million dollars Mworthofgame is bought to you by DraftKings. Now the NBA finals are here. This is your last chance to bet on the NBA until next season. And DraftKings sports book, official sports betting partner of the NBA. It's pulling out all the stops to make the finals to remember one team will be crown champion, the other one will lose to history. Who you got winning it all. Put your hoop expertise to the test. All season long drafting has been the go-to spot for NBA props. And that doesn't stop. Now who's going to carry their team to the chip is the question. Try placing the bet on your personal MVP to drop 30, 40, maybe even 50 ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports book app now locking your bets and finish to season as a winner. Here are some specialists for first timers, new DraftKings customers. You bet $5, just five Cinco, just $5 and get 300 in Bonus Bets if your bet wins. So all you just take $5 you bet on something that you know this is like ah, this is sure to win BA 300 a bonus bet. So right to your pocket like a rocket right in your account. Let's get busy What we talking about? And that's Promo code GILLIE. So anytime you listen to me and you pull out that DraftKings at you, make sure you put that promo called Gillian so that you can get that that money sock to your pocket like a rocket. You hear me? DraftKings the crown is yours. Put it on word Right GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Police play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


What's the thing MONTANA, you out here you dudes policing your thing in the game? Yeah well you knew this shit was real Shit. I say when when when the nigga started singing this shit word for word. I said that no cap that probably like two years ago. I my first time performing at headquarters, they like the biggest club out here but when I'm performing they turn the music off 'cause no cap was out there And like we got a clear the stage no cap outside. I get one song again. I'm like what? Who fuck who outside? This is my city. I rap Ira a song, acapella whole club went off. Bitch went crazy. That's when I found out okay the city behind this shit nigga where can go nigga put that push behind it. I be because since then Why did they come up with the name New Dallas?


It's the new dude. This what we doing. It's NEW DALLAS right now. It's the new test. All the young niggas, It's about separation. Like Yeah you know this shit, you know shit it was a rap scene before this but this is what's going on right now. Like we the face of this shit, we brought the glue back to the city. Young niggas, all the OGs behind this shit. Niggas that's born today gonna be behind this shit. But was it, was it a battle from the streets to the, from the trap game to the rap game? Was it a battle of like I don't Hell yeah I don't know like It was hard. I cut shit. I made so much money in this shit like I made enough, I was good. I ain't have to choose the rap but on a legal tip like this all nigga knew then ain ain't when I started rapping I ain't never ra to get rich.


I really rap to go legit Then I'm like shit nigga really make a lot of money out this shit like nigga be a Drake or a future or I ain't never think of going that big. But when like, like when 300 connected with you Brooke and them like what was the feeling like? Like damn this shit really gone. Yeah it's time really. I just feel like the time just started like it just started race just started. A lot of niggas feel like that's when like you made it Man I feel like it's time to put the gas now man. It's time to show 'em what a nigga made of but they gonna hurt me now. All the ears that we been waiting like we feel like you nigga just need the ears and the eyes. They finna come, they wouldn't be standing right here with y'all right now. They be somewhere in the trap on this day. Last year we was at b we at BET last year we was in the trap In the feel it just feel good.


But to see y'all to see what is it about y'all brotherhood though? Because a lot of times when you coming up in the city and you dudes policing the music thing, everybody they don't want to eat with each other. They wanna compete with each other. Yeah right. How did y'all lock in on the brotherhood? Had a nigga tell me the other day. I don't want to, I don't wanna work for no nigga, I don't wanna be a part of NEW DALLAS. I'm like nigga you must be blind. Your eyes can't be open. Every nigga around this whole run they side, every Nigga ain the picture with us got their own motion. Young bosses like can't no nigga say hey bro feeding me this nigga feed Nah way. I got our own motion. That's the only way this shit gonna be this big. We ain't gonna be able to all pop it this hard. I gotta buy all the cars So I gotta buy 10 rentals. Every time we finna pull up, hell ain't gonna make sense.


Y'all gotta bring my money with broke money and we all gonna put this shit together. Make it look big. We just gonna stay with 300,000. But I bring the whole 300 head and I got a hundred in my G bro. Got a hundred on him bro. Got 50 on him. Broke out 40 on him. Said team Memphis effort. How did y'all let me say this. Hold up 'cause how did y'all lock in and stay focused on you know the music now a lot of people be talking about backdooring the homie. Yeah just killing a dude just to kill a dude. Ain ain't gonna lie. How? How y'all stay away from that? I ain't Lie. Like I don't understand it ain ain't grow up on that tip. Like these young niggas different. They they feel like, like if I get around my partner and I steal his gun and run out the back door, I'm slime. I ain't grow up on that. I grew up on we gonna do something to another nigga. I don't like me and my brother. That's my brother.


I love you. I'm gonna give you everything I got. I done went broke so many times with $30 in my pocket just to feed my partners. We walking home stranded. Ain ain't never grew up on no take something from my partner and do some whole shit to one of my niggas. I don't. I don't understand any nigga. The young niggas different. Lemme just say this, I wanna commend you first of all that it ain't no big eyes in little u's. Yeah in the clique. Matter of fact you feel What I'm saying? 'cause most young niggas they operating off of ego. Yeah man it ain't a though. We all equal and whoever the people say is the one is the one in. Matter Of fact Y'all niggas playing on an even playing field to where it's like we ain't even operating off no ego. Whoever they say is number one is number one.


Whoever they say is number two is number two. Whoever they say is number three is number three. But guess what we all getting a championship. You gonna see everybody. You gonna see everybody what Time out their trophy. You gonna see Everybody. So, so so we come from the streets. It may be a time where I'm getting a hundred every night. Yeah. And my man getting 30. Yeah my nigga that's 30,000 to pull up. Yeah drink some liquor. Perform and choose what bitches you leaving with tonight. Right. So I commend y'all for you feel what I'm saying? Putting the ego to the side 'cause most young niggas can't do that shit. Most young niggas gotta feel like it's me and then it's everybody else.


Yeah. See me and 'cause don't operate like that. You feel what I'm saying? Me and 'cause is a team True and through. Yep. Can't no niggas get in between what we got going on. Can't no bitches get in between what we got going on? None of that. It ain't no big eyes lil used. Right as I love you, like you love me, I want for you what I want for myself. You feel So I commend y'all for That shit. Yeah. That's how a nigga grew up. I don't even understand that nigga. See but I was in, I've been doing this shit for a long time. I had five aggravated cases at 15. I been in the streets as a little nigga. So a lot of the young niggas now like they still think we young nigga because we 25. I'm a grown ass man. I don't even move like these little, I done did that shit when I was 14, 15, 16. Now I'm on my whole different shit.


But do you get credit to some OGs? Did you have some OGs in your life? Yeah. Yeah I had some OGs. My nigga Big Mark Freemont nigga Big Robert gave my nigga Doug that was the first nigga told us stop robbing, go Hustle. Told us his blood on that money. Like that was our, that first first thing I used to do. We wanted to go rob some niggas. We weren't really tripping on the hustle. We were gonna Robb a nigga for two three bows, hit his trap and go sell all the bows to unc them and keep two zips just to bus down because we wouldn't really tripping on hustle. Unc been told us from the jump there's blood on that money, they ain't gonna see the end of it. All my nigga died on plays to this day. Any nigga around me, they in jail for plays when they died off a plate. 15 years, 20 years. I ain't seen my niggas who was 15, 16, my nigga died who was 17 on the play, 20 on the play.


Every, every one of 'em. That's how we came up. That's all we knew Outta everybody in NEW DALLAS. Describe everybody strength in the crew. Yeah. Describe each person's strength. Shit, if I'm the arm bro the leg, I'm the leg bro. The head. If he the head he the foot like we one body and we all gonna move as one. That's how I feel. This shit ain't going. I don't even feel right moving. Not as one. Ain ain't gonna lie. That's why I take all my niggas on the road with me. How many of 'em can fit in the truck? That's how many going. I ain't tripping on no flight. I want all my niggas to see this shit Since the deal came did did do things change a little bit on the aspect of how people see you or when you just, you know you can't be there every, every everywhere for everybody.


You can't do everything for everybody. Did things change? Like did people energy change towards you? Thanks. Even if you don't, if you telling no, they'll feel like damn bro I ain like how you gonna tell me no you just spent 10 at the store yesterday Or you, you know I'm saying like niggas don't understand it. Even the people look at you, they gonna think you rich out the jump. When we first signed, everybody thought oh that mean he ain't got millions. He just jumped out and, And and let me and let me give you some game n 'cause you know when when when we come from the ghetto Yeah And we get some success and and we rapping and in sports and in certain things right where the money come a lot come kind of fast. You wanna take your niggas with you, you want your niggas to see that shit.


But also this can't be no motherfucking revolving door. Yeah. You feel me? During this motherfucking journey, niggas gotta feel, gotta gotta understand. Okay what role am I going to feel 'cause I can't be no motherfucking liability. I gotta be a asset. Right. So me just coming out on the road, kicking it fucking holes ain't figuring out what's my part, what's my role, how I'm gonna make the team stronger. Then some of them niggas gotta go because eventually the the object in the game is to get rat money and get rich not get rat money and go broke. Right. You feel what I'm saying? So if anytime I go out on the road I got 20 niggas, that's 20 niggas I gotta feed.


That's motherfucking 20 hotel rooms I gotta get that's 20 flights I gotta book. That's that shit started adding up. If it's 20 niggas that's working, that's something different. Yeah. You know I done been around bro we done been around real live superstar rappers and these niggas done mentioned that they needed something four times. Yeah They got a concert tonight and they like man I need some white t-shirts to the point where this nigga said man fuck that we're the store man we go get you some white t-shirts. Yeah This nigga Got 40 niggas in here. Yeah we ain't moving like that. Hell nah we can't bro them already know if I need anything they gotta go to the court.


You feel what I'm saying? So at the end of the day, if niggas, and this is for some niggas that's around. If niggas is not an asset, you a liability bro. And if you a liability when it's time to go home and you gotta miss a few trips and a few vacations and you ain't in The Bahamas and you ain't out in London and you then that's on you because this shit ain't playing. He not playing. The artist not playing, they out here fucking working. So you go on the road and you just playing. I just eat at the best restaurants. I take two bitches to the hotel. I fuck 'em all night. Wake up the next day, ain't did nothing. Same routine.


Nah. Ah you gotta go home. Thanks. Come on man you ain't, you ain't bringing nothing to the table. We already did this once I let you see what the world look like one time bro. I'm just supposed to do this shit for year after year. No that ain't how it works. So that's the game I wanted to give you on that. Okay. Because we all, when we come from that bottom, we all want to take our niggas with us. But eventually it'd be like What you doing? I was supposed to make 900,000 on this tour and when I came home I had two 70. 'cause every time I went to the Gucci store in the Louis store, guess what I did? I bought 20 pairs of Louis.


'cause them niggas shit was fucked up too from the club last night for the after party. All the bitches stepping on they shit. Then you feel like a nut when you Ain a Louis store, your man pick up the jacket you like hey joint. Yeah this Go ahead man. Get there joint man it is 4,800. So eventually niggas gotta be a a asset and not a liability. You feel me? Because niggas go broke in this motherfucking game. Trust me. How do you stay creative? Shit, I stay motivated. That's about creativity because you, as long as you motivated, you gonna always be trying to come up with something new. I'm trying to get to the next level.


I don't, I'm hungry. I don't feel like we did nothing yet. We gotta go big, we gotta get millions of plaques. We need plaques, we need views, we need screens. Like we gotta go on tours. I need to see big crowds. We need to see some big cribs paid for cars, some, some businesses. Like we gotta, this is just a start. Who do, who Do you look to? Like when you was coming up in this music game, who did you look to and said I I want my grind to be on that level. Like on a music tip. Shit, when I first seen it, ain ain't gonna lie to you Rick Ross, he got, he he, he got too many businesses like when went to the car show this nigga house so big and that's just one of 'em like it just like this nigga house is so big.


Yeah like it, it was ridiculous. I couldn't even fathom it. Like we walking through this nigga grass, he got a, he live on the neighborhood, it's too much money in this rap shit from that day. Like it's too much money in this rap to be made for us to be out here playing. That's what I'm talking. Absolutely. That's what I'm talking about. I know you Ain Cowboys fan. Right. I gotta throw that out there Right. Yeah I like the Cowboys. Okay. You don't love them. You just like them. I Like 'em. I love, I love my city because If you just like we accept you to come on over to the Eagles. Nah, nah. See, see, see, see I ain't never run in Philly. I born and raised in Dallas. I got a ride with 'em. You might As well come, come on. Come out to that first game. Yeah, I mean come kick it with us. It's on our Y It is on our side.


Side. We'll come don't worry. I got the sweet I'm with it. I'm with it. Be there. We gonna be there. I might run out the tunnel before I come. I might bring them out the tunnel before I come up to the suite with you Don't even trip. You know when I bring them nigga out the tunnel Like a little do let's move do Oh I'm at drinks in there for you Nigga. Ain. You know when I bring them out they undefeated. Shit not even close. We blow niggas out because when they put me in their locker room I talked to them niggas is up. They gonna run through a motherfucking brick wall. See when they say New Dallas? NEW DALLAS. The New Dallas? No Y'all got old players. Oh so, so the NEW DALLAS connected to the team though too. It is NEW DALLAS. Is That energy new? No, I would give you that. Y'all drafted Shado.


Y'all still got old ass D Man this ain't if they were driving to shit door, I coulda won with the NEW DALLAS. Yeah that'd been hard. He from Dallas they had every chance to get it Went out that crazy Door. I could see y'all niggas down at the stadium now like this. That went crazy. They ain't get that went crazy. That's why y'all know y'all ain't going Sorry to tell everybody in here. Hey, hey, hey look, anybody on Dallas, we know don't even get your hopes up yet. We got, we gotta be so close to the end to get our hopes Up because a lot of y'all wasn't born when they went. We just go to the game to have fun. Hell nah ain ain't once y'all A lot of y'all wasn't even around and shit. You know what I mean? Yeah I understand.


We went through a process like that but now Super Bowl team is, I'm sorry my because she getting mad. I Did. I'm sorry I, It's crazy man. So who you wanna do? Who, who? Who's some artists? Y'all. Did you want to One I nigga Hustle man Keys right Here. I'm hustle man. Keys man. Hustle man. H-U-S-C-L-E-Q-I-S-C Hustle. Man. Keys on our platform. Everybody looking good. They shining. Everybody shining. Come on now everybody, y'all, everybody shining Bro. Rich look at my rich. You don't know who To rap. I like talk that shit. Shit go out. You know what I mean? Yeah with one 50 in the bag nigga.


I ain. Come on nigga. He said the ones to the fives go to the babies nigga Like a 40 clip man. Something wrong. Just add it up. 40 clip man Hold up bitch. 60 got I got bags like that. Dollar. Dollar. Well yeah a dollar man. Young niggas dollar, niggas dollar 10 getting money nigga. Third Ball Dollar 40. Dollar 40 Nigga Ain my added up man. I Really got like, hold on Man. I got a dollar 60 on me. I called my Bluff. Oh okay. You got a dollar 60 on him man. Got a buck 60. Yeah. Goddamn damn Neff. That's how you come too Neff. Hold that's, you know what I mean. I'm a smooth shot Dallas. Yeah Book 60 ball.


That's okay. He told you all, he told you you know if I got one 50 on me, my man got 50 on him, 40 on him, he got 60 on him. He got I mean ticket. A lot of niggas be bluffing and capping like my ugly like the big cap. I be winning. It ain't them niggas though. You know what I mean? Ain't the NEW DALLAS some money Behind it, some money left nothing once. Lemme just tell, lemme just tell you something. Right. This is, this is why we always going to be the leaders in this shit 'cause we got our ears to the street. We got our pulse to the street.


We go get what's next, what's hot. You gotta understand I was at my house last night. My son stopped by and I said yo you know the NEW DALLAS? Yeah he named a last one of them niggas. Oh yeah they hot dad. Yeah they y'all want to get them. Yes. We got our ears to the streets man. And it's our responsibility to bring you what's next. Young niggas getting money, talking about getting money really flexing, really having shit really got they city on lock.


Really doing shows. Ain't no fluff on this shit when they pull up. Wow. We like where you at dog? I'm in the purple G wagon. Damn you want Barney today? Barney? You want I love you. You love me? Huh? Hold up. What'd I say? I know bro in there I see a Mayberry. I know bro in There. I know bro in there. I see the May busy, you know what I mean? I see the me busy gizzy in that motherfucker. You hear me? He like, he like that he, he gonna steal that. He about to change Instagram right now. Yes sir. So it's our job to give you what's next man. The NEW DALLAS man.


You already told you I fucked with Dallas. Thanks Ain ain't lie. Except the nigga. Nigga tell that if a nigga t trapping he ain't coming like this. He lying. It gonna be hard for a nigga to believe y'all nigga. I swear to God we setting the tone like just the tone. You ain't coming like this. You got a crew full of niggas act like y'all get it on. They not gonna believe you. Mm. It's a lie. Mm You're bluffing. Huh? It's a lie. Yeah talk that shit say I love some young I Nigga show the money, spin it. Oh spin it, spin it. I'm gonna spin it though. Mm I see you spin it, spin it that bitch heavy as you could slap a cow joint killing. I got a new joint on the way. Slap a cow and kill him with that. He go right out.


That motherfucker heavy getting money. Dallas niggas going up. Yes they are Going up. We have Big T's Plaza. Right. What part of Dallas is this Oak Cliff? Yeah we're in The cliff. Oh this oak cliff right here? Yeah. Yeah we're on Luke 12 right now. This the Cliff? Yeah I had to bring you where it's at. I'm little Cliff nigga. I don't even know where that's how you know I don't give a fuck. I don't even know where I'm at. He me, he coulda been like this Iraq I'm head nigga. Yeah you got, we going to sell y'all some other shit today. Just stay tuned man. Graveyard. You see what's going on man? Yes. Zillion dollars. Mworthofgame Yes is going down.


Zillionaire Right here with Doe front of one of his properties. We we in Dallas in front of one of his properties. So there definitely like you never seen a young cat come into the game like this. That's him right there behind us. What's going on right here? We gonna get straight to that 'cause you know we Gonna get straight to it man. But what's going on right here? Yeah. This 1 0 4 right here. You know what I'm saying? Me and a few of my guys, we, we went in on this 1, 1 0 4 pay like a a m for the motherfucker. Total bitch down redid the whole motherfucker. When we done we was gonna be like 4.5 million and we here in Preston Hollow, one of the prestigious neighborhoods. Dallas, Texas Comp ran here like three m's A year ago.


Did you think you'd be in the game Shine to CMG? You running around with Gotti, y'all doing big things running around the country. You're getting booked eight week. Did you think a year ago would be like this? Nah, I never, no I didn't like when I really first started in 2022, like I never even thought my shit would get like a thousand views. Like my first video I ever uploaded, I uploaded on YouTube. I put it on my Instagram. I'm like a thousand views. I'm gonna give y'all another one. But I'm not even thinking like, because I felt like my shit was so different from what's going on. What was going on. When You say different, what you Mean as far as like the message. You know what I'm saying? So I didn't think like my peers would gravitate to the shit.


A nigga talking. I Didn't think. But you saying you wasn't talking no kill, kill, kill shit. Exactly. Nigga wasn't talking no shit bullshit. No rah rah. Niggas on some boss, you know what I'm saying? Some boss shit. Some grown men shit. Telling the youth this, telling the people do this, do that. So I didn't feel that my generation or my peers would gravitate to the shit a nigga was putting down. You know what I'm saying? But I was completely wrong. You know I had my big brother that believed in me. He's, we used sit in our place of of business. He begged me, begged me like we arguing, going back And forth. What type of business y'all have Trap. Okay. Place of business. I like that. Go Ahead. You know what I'm saying? Big bro, we sitting in our place of business. He begging me every day like rap, I'm telling rap, you going, you gonna blow up old night, you'll be a whole nice success.


But me being me, I didn't see it. You know, I never wanted to rapper. I didn't see, never seen myself being a rapper. You know what I'm saying? So to see where this shit at today, you know what I'm saying? I didn't even, I didn't even think I'd get a thousand views, you know what I'm saying? I ain't think nobody even fuck with a nigga shit. So to see where it's at today, I never even seen it coming this Far. So after you got a thousand views, what happened next? How did the buildup come bro? So from you doing the 2022? So, so basically after the first video, when I dropped the first one, my first thing was called life of a Young boss. You know what I'm saying? I did that when I, I put it out, you know, it gained the little traction. Like I put it out. Everybody reassuring my shit. It just going crazy. I, I put it out, I went to LA like the next day or the same day, I'm looking, I'm just going through my notification.


First video. I see Qcp came and liked my shit, you know what I'm saying? So there was enough motivation right there just off my first video. Like damn we might can, I might do some P seen It. I'm saying that was, that was like some motivation to keep, just keep going. Right. You know what I'm saying? I just kept going, dropping more videos, you know what I'm saying? Dope videos like got all my tools, you know what I'm saying? Cars just showing 'em the lifestyle and shit. I just kept going video another video, another video. And it just gradually went up, gradually went up. It's times where I even during that time like it going, I see I'm seeing the, I'm seeing it go up, you know what I'm saying? But I still had doubt like all this shit ain't gonna work.


Like, you know, it still to this day we, I think everybody, I think it's normal for humans to have doubt. Even after they seeing things going super well. Like I still have self-doubt to this day. You know what I'm saying? I think that's normal. I don't know. It is is normal. But when did it go outside of you seeing like you doing your thing? You, you getting the likes, but you start seeing the city, you start seeing more people jump on and you was like Hold up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. This shit real. So it was, I did this one video bro. I was just going through a bunch of stuff like I had fucked my money off all type of shit. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I down there at that time D boy dreams, they playing all the clubs, like every club in the city, they playing it, you know what I'm saying?


I'm saying like tagging me this, this and all the club. Like, then it played on the radio. I dropped it like the next day. They played it on K 1 0 4. So I'm like damn, like this shit started this shit for real now. Like in the city, like nigga out there, it is going on in the city. You know what I'm saying? I had that time. Like I was kind of like going through things emotionally, I mean financially, you know what I'm saying? Financially, like, but I had all my, I got everything. Like you Had your kids, you know I'm, I got my kid, I got, you know what I'm saying? Wils everything. But if you didn't know, you know what I'm saying? Outside looking in like nigga really going through it. So I'm like Damn, I really like want to quit bro. Like I can't keep doing it.


You know nigga spend, nigga really investing in this shit for real, you know, go do video. Niggas buy $5,000 outfits, you know what I'm saying? Might go rent a 1200 Lamborghini. You know what I'm saying? Like that's how we came in the game like that. You know what I'm saying? So for me to be going through that at the time I'm like Damn, I don't know how I'm gonna continue to do it. By the grace of God, I, I just so God like I, I'm just always like looking out for people. I feel like God just ripped it like whatever, like nigga put good energy into the universe. So that's the same thing, nigga get back by the grace of God. At that time that was just going on. A month later I went on the best run of my life. I dropped a video called Trap store.


I dropped a trap store junk. Like when I dropped that one, all the label started calling. This was December 20, 23 outta label started calling Gotti, called QC called like it's serious now. Like this shit for real December, 2023 and shit from there. The rest was history. How I feel being in the game though, you know what I mean? Because you, you know, you don't know you growing up in the streets, you don't know if you gonna die and go to penitentiary 'cause everybody around you is getting killed or going to the joint. Like how do it really feel though? I'ma be real like, you nigga move so, so good and swift, you know what I'm saying?


Nigga how to move and maneuver in the street. So like, it's kind of like right now to me it still don't really like, it ain't just hitting me like don't feel real. I'm still just trying to grab things, you know what I'm saying? What's like some, it takes me to probably gotta get high, get drunk to just really be like, damn, this shit for real Gillie. Right. You know what I'm saying? Nigga ain the game. I, I really still don't look at it like I'm I'm in the game just yet. But why y'all name it the NEW DALLAS? We named it the New Dallas because you know, I feel before we had jumped on a rap scene in the city, like the city was kind of like divided. And I feel that Dallas was viewed as such, you know what I'm saying?


So I wanted to like, we came with a new NEW DALLAS, like we pushing positivity, peace, unity. You know what I'm saying? The city was divided, everybody was against each other. You know what I'm saying? So me just being a person that I am, I'm like shit, we, everybody just need to come together. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Everybody from like NEW DALLAS, like it's people from this neighborhood, this neighborhood, this neighborhood. You know what I'm saying? Like it was, it, blood been shed and all type of shit, you know what I'm saying? But like us, we like new generation. We, everybody put they pride to the side.


Came together, just pushed the same narrative shit. That's how this shit going. Now what Do all the what, what, what do all the, what do all the members mean to you in NEW DALLAS? Everybody. That, everybody that's rapping. Like what do, what do, what do they Mean to you? Man, bro, I ain I love all my niggas bro. But it's like this bro, like bro, 700 bro. I already, he, he rapping like he, he got it like, you know what I'm saying? Like bro started, he, he started liking in high school, you know what I'm saying? But it be like, bro, it's like, it's so amazing to see like an idea. I'm the type of guy, like I already visioned shit in my head, you know what I'm saying? I had already envisioned all this too.


So to actually like see it come to life, you know what I'm saying? It is like, bro, it's unreal. You know like I got my guy, Keith like bro wasn't even rapping. He was rapping a little bit. He stopped and I just, I I I had already seen a start on, you know, you know. And I used to tell bro like, you need to, you need to rap. You know what I'm saying? Like you got it. I'm telling you. Nah, I gotta throw this out There six, six months later bro. Shout off. I gotta throw this out there. Right. 'cause I'm an Eagles fan. Yeah. Y'all Dallas fans. You know the old Dallas used to whip our ass. But we fucking the NEW DALLAS Up.


Damn. We beating the shit out y'all. What is we talking about This first game of the season when y'all gotta come see us, get them rings. I Tell her we going to the sweet room. Please come to the sweet because one thing about Zoe at 700, they got some money. They want to get a uncle. They just got, I, I'm just standing next to the nigga. I just happened to look, he got a brick in his pocket. He dying to get a uncle about these nasty ass cowboys. I can't wait, we what we on? Huh? No, we ain't doing no gambling. We saving. Oh, alright, Okay, okay. Seven got the Bet on with big Bro. I got the bet on with 700.


Alright, but you coming to the game, huh? I'm gonna come. I ain come now, now. But see, see now as everybody looking at y'all, 'cause I'm trying to, I'm trying to figure out what was the discipline and how did you stay focused enough to not follow crash out rap when that's all everybody, you, it seemed like everybody was listening to it. Like how like, like because I was raised around infamous hustlers, you know what I'm saying? Instilled certain things into me. So I never, like, that was never the type of shit I listened to besides Chief Keef when I was younger. But like growing up, like that's not, that's not like the type of shit a nigga like even want to like glorify, you know what I'm saying?


Like so it's like shit, I was raised a certain way, you know what I'm saying? I was got people that instilled things into me and it is just like shit that just ain't nigga ain't on that like nigga on this like to us, to me like that type, that shit ain't cool like this. What's cool to me, you know what I'm saying? Being here with GillieAndWallo and my guys, you know what I'm saying? Free and alive. To me that's what's cool. You know what I'm saying? So like, nigga ain't took blowing fire. You know what I'm saying? That lifestyle also, they don't want to instill that into the youth. I feel right now, like the world is in a fucked up place because all the people with the influence is telling the youth and telling the world the wrong shit.


You know what I'm saying? I feel like I got into the game. I didn't think they would, but I'm like, shit, nigga want to like change the world in a way, you know what I'm saying? It seemed farfetched getting into it. But to see like how it's going, like I, I see it's kind of like working just a little bit, you know what I'm saying? So nigga just wasn't on it. They don't want to steal bullshit to the youth like nigga want to tell the youth to do the right thing. You know what I'm saying? That's what it's about. You know what I'm saying? That's what it's about. Do you think you had that mindset right? Because you was already getting some money so you already had other shit to rap about? You know what I mean? I, I look at a lot of the drill rappers that come up in the inner cities. Them niggas ain't, them niggas ain't got no money.


They ain't getting nothing. They ain't got nothing to rap about. All they got is a $500 gun, $700 gun. Most of the time they gun be bigger than they bank wrote. Nigga have a $700 gun, got $80 to his fucking name and he about to go buy a eighth. You Know? But even when I had $700 in a gun, like a nigga just was never on there, Don. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Because like nigga, this, this what the nigga on like we want buy, we want to live luxuries, you know what I'm saying? We want to, you know what I'm saying? We don't wanna be on that. We don't wanna be chilling in the hood and you know, so like since a kid nigga always, it just what a nigga wanted outta life, period. You Know? You got an old nigga mentality though. Yeah. Like, because see as kids when we was growing up, we looked up to the hustlers, we looked up to the niggas that was getting money.


The nigga that was, was just a killer. He was a crash dummy. He was the nigga that you, he ain't, he he was respected as a killer but as a person he ain't even get too much respect 'cause you knew he was going to die or go to jail. Facts. You feel what I'm saying? So we respected the niggas that pulled up on the block. They jumped out. They had motherfucking might had a LSC nigga had a act legend, he had them joints on it. You like damn. Yeah. Yeah. He talking that shit. Yeah. Nigga, nigga only thing out shy me is the son, nigga. Yeah. I'm getting money nigga. You like you a young boy like yo now your Everett, they looked up to the shooters.


Yeah, but if you heard what I told you earlier, YI say I was raised around Hustlers. Absolutely. So the people that you talking about hopping out in these my folks, I'm seeing them doing what they do. Right. You know what I'm saying? So I'm already, I was on that already m like, you know what I'm saying? Right. Because that was always the objective in the ghetto was to get some money. It was, I I never knew the objective in the ghetto was to kill niggas and brag about it. And you didn't even kill a nigga for no money. You, you killed the nigga that to go on social media and, and tell on yourself. How Did you get into the real estate game? Man, I, I got a good, my, my mentor was out here, you know what I'm saying?


They already was in the business, you know what I'm saying? Right. Like I always, nigga already, I'm saying we already own this, you know what I'm saying? So nigga already had dreams of, you know what I'm saying, getting into the real estate business and I, it so happened the perfect time came, I reached out to my, my, one of my mentors one day. Like, you know what I'm saying? I want to get into the business. You know what I'm saying? He like shit, but I got you one day they called me with opportunity, you know, just by the grace of God I was in the right place financially at the time, you know what I'm saying? We just made it happen. What'd You get this for? We paid a a million for it.


It was like a, it was a, they had like, it was a nice home that we knocked down, pulled in the back, everything, you know what I'm saying? They had just remodeled the whole inside, you know. But shit, we tore it down and redoing it. This shit here crazy. What make you feel like you not bigger than the process, you know what I mean? Because a lot of young niggas, you know, a old nigga put a, an older nigga put 'em in place to be able to win, to be able to advance and then they start winning and the money make 'em deaf. Now they can't hear nothing now they don't listen to the old niggas no more. Now they what made you still follow the process as a young nigga? 'cause as a young nigga getting money, it's, it's obvious you getting some money, you still continue to shout out.


No, my mentors, no. My OGs, no. They put the plug in for me. No, they showed me the way. Why didn't the money make you deaf? Because it is like, this nigga got big goals and big aspirations. You hear me like this her, none of this like this. Not even nowhere near, you know what I'm saying? Where a nigga see his future, like, you know, we, we, we thinking so much. We thinking so big on a big scale. Like you, we, we want yachts halfs by the waters cribs and Miami crib. So it's like how can I get big headed about this into, and I know people that's doing way bigger shit. You know what I'm saying? I know it's bigger than this. So there's no way that I can get the big head or feel like I'm doing something or it is like, shit, we got so much, it's a marathon.


We got so much to conquer and you know what I'm saying? We gotta keep going. Like this ain't, this ain't nothing. How did it feel when you was recording Life? Great Man. At the time when You was writing that, when you was Coming up? I just had left with, I just had left with bro now, you know what I'm saying and shit, everything, shit going good in the streets for me. It's going good in the music, you know what I'm saying? I'm seeing where this shit finna go. And at that moment your life was just great. For real. Seen that shit. For real. How do you, how do you go about writing your songs? Like coming up your cre creative, when you go in the studio, is this a certain vibe it gotta be in? Do you only write in the studio?


Do you write on your phone? Like how do, how do you create It's more like the vibe bro. Like whenever I go in the studio, you know I just gotta catch the vibe. I, I just go everything out the head. Like however I'm feeling like all my reps is like real life, you know what I'm saying? I'm telling real life tales. So like however I might, whatever state of of mind I might be in at that moment. Like it I nigga come, if a nigga heard a certain beating this beat make me want to say this. You know what I'm saying? Like that's how, that's how we doing it. That's how I always thought rapping was because I, for me it is like how you know what you gonna rap about and you ain't even got to the studio and got the beat Yet. Exactly. Exactly. So once the, but everybody creative price is different.


Yeah, everybody but, but what I'm saying is you, I can't predetermine what I'm a rap about because most of the times in my era when we got to the studio, that's when we ran through the beats. Yo pull up the email from su yo pull up this email to and then the beat tell you what you going to say once you like the beat all shit, I like this beat you now you playing it now the beat tell you what the fuck to say. You feel what I'm saying? That was always the process for me. It seemed like that's the process for him. Yeah because he like I get in when I, when I, once I catch a vibe. Exactly then that's how I'm writing. I'm writing whatever the beat tell me to say. How was it being at the BET awards? Did you feel like I'm just going ahead to survey the scene So I can come back and next time I'm gonna be on that stage?


Man I really was just like, I like come from where we come from. For me personally, I was just more like grateful and appreciative just being here. You know I didn't even look at it like Damn, I'm just blessed and grateful to you and be in this atmosphere and to be in the building sitting on the front row next to yo got it glow really and money back. You know what I'm saying? So I was just taking it all in like shit, this shit just amazing. Like knowing where I come from, knowing where I got periods that died 6, 7, 8 years ago, you know what I'm saying? To be here at BT award on the front row, we bliss. Like thank God I'm grateful I'm preaching. That's what it's about man. When you I'm gonna say certain names and you just tell me something, you just tell me, you know, whatever you feel head honcho Amir Greatness like I seen bro.


I seen my nigga rapping like seen this shit probably about three, four, like three, four years ago bro. Probably a up snippet or something, you know what I'm saying? Everything bro putting out hard like even back then, you know what I'm saying? Before like even just the city just caught on like I been seeing bro just had it like, you know he instilled and raised up under a certain structure around OGs, you know what I'm saying? His daddy, his daddy, his father was in the music business and shit. You know what I'm saying? He raised correctly kind of like, you know what I'm saying? Similar, similar to me. So bro, bro got it all the way, all the way around the board, you know what I'm saying? Not to carry himself like gentleman, you know he can get on this, get on that.


He, he one one keys my nigga man keys man. Yeah me and bro from the streets to this shit. Like I told him like we used to pull up on me in my place of business, you know what I'm saying? We doing what we doing might be on YouTube looking at some videos and shit. Might be looking at my shit and I'm telling him like I'm telling you you need to rap. You got it outta here, rock it, keys to rock it man. So I told him he gonna be outta here. 700, 700 man my nigga 700 me my nigga me bro. Like day and night. That's my nigga. I love him like and we, I met 700.


I been knowing him like since we was little nigga, you know what I'm saying? Just Instagram and mutual friends, shit like that. But I remember I met bro probably like 20, probably 20, 21 when I actually like met him, you know what I'm saying? On our own terms and, and we had, we were doing business, you know what I'm saying, in the streets whatnot. One day we just happened to go to studio KFI, they closed it down and my brother that is currently 700 manager, he was happened to just be the engineer there, you know what I'm saying? And one day we had it all went like me, 700 my nigga Z and a bunch of the more, you know what I'm saying, members and shit, from that day we had just locked in, you know what I'm saying?


But, and bro and we start this shit and it just like shit beautiful bro. Like bro from Oak Cliff, I'm from South Dallas, you know what I'm saying? For us to come together and just conquer this shit, how we doing it is amazing. Beautiful. The reason, the reason I asked that question was because, and I said names and wanted him to, you know, express how he feels because I think we live in a time now where as though we don't understand that we can eat with each other. We ain't gotta compete with each other.


And I, and I wanted to hear from a young perspective and the way he lit up when I said his brother's names, you know, they all from different parts. He was just like, it was, it was passion that came with that and it was love and it was honesty and it was trust and it was just respect. And it's like, you know, we come from the ghettos and it's like we we go to the moon with this shit wherever you from. And just, just the way he spoke about the, the, the elders spoke about the game that was transferred to him. I think I'm I we came down here to get them more importantly because it was about the brotherhood, it was was about the unity and it was about a new beginning of a town that got a lot of history in it. So I want y'all youngest is watching this to soak the game up to see listen when you, when you come together and when you, you stronger together and when you come together you can make some real shit happen like this.


He lit up talking about his brothers that's from A different hood. We, he lit up talking about some brothers is getting it like moms went through the same struggle, props went through the same struggle, same shit going on in each another neighborhood. We got a thousand reasons of why we can't fuck with each other but all we need is one to two to get rich together. And he, he, he, you know he chose the one to two. So I want y'all to continue to tap in. You see he got the real estate, big old house. Life is great. All his homies shining, everybody looking good. The city is, the city is champion behind him and everybody can't catching on across the country but you know this is one of his houses. We gonna move around the city and we're gonna tap into some more brothers that's doing they thing. But I just need the young cats to really tap in and say listen man, you got your gun.


The gun gonna take you to two places. Either we gonna be your mom going, you gonna get your mom together so she can do a fish fry to try to raise some money for your funeral 'cause she ain't got no money to bury you or she gonna try to have a fish fry to try to raise money to try to get you a lawyer. So it, it is either you get with this and you get with that ain ain't gonna sugarcoat and tell you no dumb shit. You know what I mean? And all that hating shit. It ain't gonna get you nowhere man. 'cause there's a lot of paper out here with your name on it. But you just gotta believe in yourself. But we gonna go somewhere else but that be him. Hey young cat and he having things, you know what I mean? He talking about yeah this boy In Dallas, this Boy tripping. You see what I'm saying? He ready to get it go. Where we at right now? Yeah, right now we here man my little pop warn I play Pop warn football that, you know what I'm saying?


Play basketball there. Neighborhood. I grew up in Granny house down here, blue house that I, you might hear me rap about all the time right here down this street like two minute walk, you know what I'm saying? We used to play basketball in the gym, walk home, you know what I'm saying? What's The most shit ever put up in that gym? At least probably by, at least probably by in that gym probably about a 30. 30 30? Yeah. What did you play? What position you played over here in Football? Football? I played quarterback basketball, I played point guard. What's the most touchdowns you ever had out Here? Probably like one game I had probably like, I remember like four I think you was Running Like they Call one back 'cause I did the Dion on running to the end zone And you was the quarterback playing like that Quarterback.


I'm coming nigga. Visor Shield. Shield, static cleats, sleeves and cleans on the field. Yeah, This ain't go you was, you was in the league. You was going to the league At the time. I thought I was. What happened? Shit just, you know, just, just growing up, you know nigga financial struggles. Okay. It is product of the environment. Yeah. Devin and Devon in the streets, sports shit don't go, it's playing shit. So Zillionaire records where that, where, where that, tell me about that Zillionaire Records is a label that my dad started back in like the nineties, you know what I'm saying? And my, actually it was daddy's most dangerous at first and my big brother, which is my dad nephew, which is also my auntie first son, you know what I'm saying?


He didn't have a father, he didn't have his father in his life. So my dad had me when he was 30 years old. So until my big brother was 15, my pops kind of like his dad. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And my dad, he had the record label, you know what I'm saying? But my big brother, I guess when he got older he, he came up with a new name which was Z in their records, you know what I'm saying? It's the label that him and my dad, you know what I'm saying? They, they started, I just carried on the legacy. That's what's up. Trying that shit all the way up. That's what's up. Well we live, what's the name of the school At this St. Philip right here. We live from St. Philip man He was in there putting 30 up. I've cooked him though. If I, who would've happened? What would've happened if you, I woulda came through gave him 45.


He'd had probably little, little 12 or something. Okay. Little poke ass 12. He was a point guard. He was a pt. I was a point guard too. So y'all would've been, it'd been up. I could be got about it got, I got a little something. I seen his game. He threw that out there. You Ain. What you say? How you threw that out there though? I'm got little something. No, I listen that nigga, that's what he, I'm telling him like shoot the rock. He keeps trying. He got game. He keep passing it. I'm more like point guard, facilitate like I'm go when I go but I'm a, you know, I'm trying to but He ain't had too much to work with. He ain't T team. Yeah I ain. I ain't have nothing to Work with. Yeah, they scored 40 points now when you went In you was, you were scored, it was like, it's crazy But you already know NEW DALLAS, he moving around some more moving around.


It's just like that. Come on, you're now tuned into me, me, me, Min, Min, Min, Min, Min, Min, Min, Min million dollars, mworthofgame, AKA NEW DALLAS is going down now this is a very special episode because usually when we come it takes some time for us to come but at certain times we gotta come because it's special. And what make this special is that it's a brotherhood that make this special. It's a unity that make this special and there's something going on that you don't see in a lot of communities around this neighborhood. Some young cats winning, loving each other and showing brotherhood and turning it the fuck up like they doing in NEW DALLAS.


So that's why me and Gil had to come down here and All from different neighborhoods And put some light on this. You know what I'm saying? It's real special. And you got different styles with everybody that's here. We wanna start off with Amir, right? Yeah. How, How did it get popping for you? Man, you know really, you know me just started rapping but I really wasn't taking it serious. For real though nigga just playing around with it. But then it was like I had did my first show at Victors they had booked and it really, I did it for free, you know what I'm saying? But I seen the crowd came out. Then from there I just knew like okay It is on, You know what I'm saying?


It is on. Then like I just kept dropping consistently paying them for promo and shit. Shit just start going up. Then I was just like, okay, that's it. Like, you know what I'm saying? When certain people start reaching out, you know what I'm saying? Like, nah, you the one, you gotta keep going. Woo do. I was like man, I'm gonna just stick on, stick with it. You know what I'm saying? That's when I just started taking it serious. Who put you on the rap though? Who put me on the rap? I been around music because my pops now they had a label back then and he had a artist So I was already in the studio as a young nigga, you know what I'm saying? So when I was a kid I'm watching 1 0 6 support videos. I already, I already knew how to rap when I was young. I just didn't tell my people now like I went to school with wigs.


Me, we in middle school, me and bro freestyling, you know what I'm saying? He would tell you I been to how to rap, you know what I'm saying? So it was always in me like to do the music shit. But what motivates you to give up that different talk? Because you know I was talking to Doe and Doe was like man, he was a little apprehensive of rapping about the lifestyle, of rapping, about just music that was positive of music that was more motivated. Get some paper. Yeah. Like what, what, what motivates you to do that outside of you know, most of the different cities. Everybody was talking about kill, kill, kill, kill, kill. No, I really, you know to each your own if you rap about it. But I wasn't really on that type of way 'cause I wasn't on that. You know what I'm saying?


I was on, I'm on getting money, shit. You know what I'm saying? I'm on some team shit wanting see my nigga Sean. Shit. So that's what I'm rapping about. Then all my OGs like I be around my OGs every day. They giving me the game, you know what I'm saying? Since I was a youngest. So they letting me know, you know what I'm saying? You, you a boss, you a you a leader, you ain't no follow who through they know what I'm saying? Putting it already in me. So then I'm just really rapping about my life, what I'm doing Before we go any further. Right. I wanna shout out experience the vibes for letting us come in this motherfucker and and interview the NEW DALLAS. You know what I'm saying? The food is great, the hospitality is great. The owner is showing nothing but love. So before we go any further, I wanted the shot experience, the vibes y let me ask you this question, right?


Other than the money, what's the best part of this shit Man? Getting the love from everybody. I ain't gonna lie love. When I pull up to the show and I see it's packed out, he just gimme pumped up. I'm like hey came to see me, it's time to put on the show or when I'm walking in and everybody like Mecho New Dallas, NEW DALLAS saying shit like that and just be like yo this shit on and pop that. See the mo, that shit feel good. NEW DALLAS mirrors. Nah for sure but they gonna do that. That shit feel good. Absolutely Alright For sure. What about you Keith? What about you? Shit for me, shit, I really ain't really just want to rap.


I just had, I just be be around them. I just be around them like bro and them just say you need a rap, need a rap, need a rap. So shit, I was on hassle risk for like five, six months. I'm sitting back thinking I watched the interview with y'all and Ice swear Zo and he was just like you hustling and you ain't rapping you Ain you, you ain't doing it right. Like so he was like shit, I just really thought what bro said and just start rapping shit, start doing it and shit just But when did you know you you had something? Shit I think like my second video like Rod wave like I'm like shit Broadway, shit, shit I gotta keep going. Like got to For some reason it just seemed like, I don't know if y'all already had reputations in the streets or whatever but, but for some reason it seemed like Dallas just wrapped they arms around you niggas because every nigga that we talked to like I ain't really want to do this shit.


Then I dropped the song and it was over. So it's like Dallas because how many artists is authentic? How many artists say that? You feel what I'm saying? Yeah, most artists like man I've been doing this shit for years man I just wanted to catch a wave. Oh your niggas got the same story. Like I really wasn't except for my man. He said he knew how to rap since he was young but for the most part everybody like my homie told me to try this shit. I really wasn't trying to try this shit but then I dropped the song and that shit. It wasn't no looking back at the second song, third song, it wasn't no looking back. So it was like salute the Dallas for really rapping they arms around y'all in the surrounding areas.


You feel what I'm saying? Because a lot of motherfuckers be rapping them motherfuckers 46, they been rapping for 28 years and they block don't even let them niggas they the homies that they hang with every, they don't listen to don't Shit, don't shit none of that. You feel what I'm saying? All 'cause they scared to tell that nigga man you, you are a good friend, you a fucked up rapper man go get a fucking job. You've been doing this shit for 32 4 years. You ain't got one fucking chill. You keep performing at picnics and shit man. Cut up the fucking so you know what I mean. Salute the Dallas man for supporting 'cause it to to really be able to take off on some rap shit.


Your hometown gotta back you. Yeah you gotta have that support from the hometown where it's like motherfuckers that come here for vacations or visits or man I was in the club man they was playing them niggas that shit was crazy that then that shit just spread all over the world. You feel what I'm saying? So salute the Dallas man for supporting the home team. Real talk MONTANA. How do y'all not let no ego coming between us? Because everybody like show love, like y'all all got this disrespect for each other. Shit I Want the same thing for everybody. It's enough money in this shit for everybody. Ain ain't gonna gonna lie. I can't sit here and get these millions and I want bro shine. I don't wanna pay for everything.


I want my nigga to be able to pitch in. He be able to pitch in. We all can do this shit together. That's What it's about. Now. Now for you though, like when did y'all like when y'all go go on the tour or something? Man we really was working on one. I I kind of wanted to do like my DJ right here. He pitched the idea to him like we need to do a Texas tour, you know what I'm saying? But then niggas start actually trying to execute and put it in, you know what I'm saying and play and like the numbers wasn't kind of adding up but then I kind of like as I'm going like I'm learning the music business, you know what I'm saying? Like the club, I mean doing club venue shit only get you so far, you know what I'm saying?


The hard ticket. So it's like I should have went on ahead and just, you know what I'm saying, orchestrate it and put it in play because it's like shit if it do well you know what I'm saying? We got the, the, the, the the the resource to show, you know what I'm saying to the to the touring companies like yeah you know this is what we did. You know what I'm saying? So I've been looking at it like 'cause I'm about everything about profit but sometimes you do gotta sacrifice might not profit this time, you know what I'm saying? But you sacrifice this for this in the long run so nigga really might need to, you know what I'm saying? Put that, put that on the flow. Who did DJ you like you were back in the day? DJ like you scratch your shit. You know how to do that type of shit Ain't do it all. You think you could fuck with Walla 'cause Wallo was the top DJ That as out Ain't never dj.


No He DJ'ed a couple times he was DJ ass out in prison. Man get the Fuck Outta this nigga a nuts. Scratch it like a waffle. This niggas a nuts but listen but listen So I just wanna say this so y'all got something going on beautiful. Y'all continue, your brotherhood is gonna go to the next level. The thing you're saying is really important because a lot of times a lot of artists they achi theyself because what they do, they do two things. A lot of people will sign to the money but won't sign to relationships because a nigga give you a million dollars and he give you a million dollars but he can't make a call. You see what I'm saying? He might don't have the relationships and I'm talking about some of these big labels. Everybody that work for these big labels, everybody don't fuck with them.


Everybody don't have relationships. So that's where some people make mistakes. Another thing people make mistakes. They'll say damn this club giving me 25, 30,000 but they want me to go do a show in 10 cities for 7,500 a night. That ain't worth it. It is because that 30,000 is not your fucking fans if experience right now if they have a joiner and he give you 30 people come in here anyway 'cause it's the popping Place whether you come here tonight or not and it's popping on Friday night, they come in here and we can't tell if that's your fans. Them tickets could tell if that's your fans, that merch could tell if that's your fans. So now Live Nation Ag, shout out to ag my brother it they gonna be like Hold up W like why should we give you this?


But when you go and take that, that 7,500 could turn into 25. That 25 could turn into se because now you got a track record now you in the system. A lot of artists be coming out like I'm be straight up. It's a lot of artists they was killing the clubs get one 10 to walk through. They they was killing the promoters killing And then when it came time to get to get a hard tickets you be like damn they can't even sell a half a ring. They can't sell a a empty theater. They can't, they can't put 5,000 in a room And you're trying to think 'cause they ain't never built no audience. You gotta do that shit early. Yeah because the people, the people that's rocking with you right now, they gonna be rocking with you five years from now and they gonna still have shirts from the merch from the shows that you did this summer.


They gonna come with that joint on like yo. When you look at people like different artists, it's different artists. You check out and you see them. They built they real fa I'm talking about real fan bases and and a lot of times everybody be so money, money, money, money, money. You'll grab this money right now and the fuck up the money for tomorrow. But you got to build your fan base. You straight up like like what y'all got, y'all got real shit. Y'all gotta build it like that Texas joint. That sound real smart. There's a bunch of 60 cities in Texas Go to tech go to the closest states next to it. It just kill 'em. It ain't even about no paper. Paper ain't no thing y'all got paper. How can we pay for our shit a night? Go ahead. It ain't about the paper. Just get these tickets and just build our name up.


So next thing next time they gonna get y'all more paper. But y'all gotta build, you gotta build it up man Don't look for that upfront money. You look for the relationships and look for the business of the game. How can I do good business 'cause good business gets you more business. Right. And how can I get connect with people that got relationships And you finesse the game. So if you know, you know okay we could sell 4,000 tickets right? Meaning trying to sell 4,000, we trying to sell, we gonna sell 3000 so we can a thousand motherfuckers outside trying to get in now perception is reality. Feel what I'm saying Now it's like dude they had a thousand motherfuckers outside man they had 5,000 motherfuckers outside trying to get in.


Man you not niggas hype shit up now your next venue it's 8,000. Feel what I'm saying? You see how you sacrifice some money today for the look to be able to make more money tomorrow. You feel what I'm saying? And you can't and you can't. And the thing in the in in the game that I can give y'all is you know how people say oh you gotta live in the moment. Fuck all that shit. You live in the moment you are dying that bitch. Because what happened is people will fall in love with the moment of what's going on right now. You know how you see these people pop up on Instagram, you'll see somebody pop out with a dance, you'll see it but and then you be like you been holding onto that mother, you fell in love with that moment.


It been two months now. Yeah. What you dudes policing baby? Yeah but y'all got a body of body of things y'all doing body of work y'all doing. So y'all gotta be able to say here go the moment we need this moment. They seen us out here. That was a good pr this many impressions. They looked at us at BET. Alright this the next move we gotta do Summer coming in the middle of the summer. We gotta do this move as the summer starting to end. We gotta do this move August come up. We gotta do, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta move to lock in your next move. That's what this shit really is about. 'cause I'm sitting back and I see dudes all the time and I, and I see him come and I be like, yo, he going to go, he going to catch. But sometimes they'll go, they'll catch but they get locked up and I ain't saying locked up in jail, they they, they just freeze up 'cause they don't know how to move to the next movie.


They ain't doing no business. This shit is called the music business. The business is what you post. Who, you know your mannerism your business because I seen artists fuck their whole career up off on one bad post. They disrespected the wrong motherfucker. 'cause you don't know who is who friends out here. You know what I mean? That's why I respect, respect, respect. You think what I'm saying? And, and and you just gotta, you just gotta continue to just do your thing and but y'all already leading with the brotherhood alone. That just that for us to be able to see young cats getting together, getting money, that's everything And everybody should salute that.


Everybody should put their arms around that. Everybody should respect that because all we see is, you know funerals all the time. Right. Yeah. On the timeline. That shit getting corny man. Y'all could Take the model or we could be beefing with each other but we eating with each other. I don't wanna shoot you, I wanna salute you. But that and that's why we gotta commend y'all and when you see that, 'cause that's where we gotta start pushing more. Not just in the NEW DALLAS and the culture around the country because come on man, we we, we just gonna keep going to funerals. This dude, you know this, this, this neighborhood beefing with this neighborhood 'cause this nigga smothered this nigga girl out. But he went back and told the homies he shot at him or he took a package or he snitched whole time. No he just sprayed, laid your girl down and sprayed it down.


But you ain't come up and be player about that. You know how many dudes died about that shit from neighborhoods beefing with each other for years. You know how many dudes did a sucker sucker moving, got a dude from a package over here. You know what I'm saying? And, and didn't tell the homies who went back, man he did this, they tried to jump me and, and hundreds of motherfuckers had to die. You know how many young bloods is out here on the front line for some shit. They wasn't even born, they wasn't even operating in they daddy nuts when the war started. But motherfuckers still out here operating on some goofy shit and we killing off generations based off of some ego and some shit. We don't even know. 'cause a lot of, most of the time it be dudes from the neighborhood that don't be man enough to stand on they shit.


But y'all changing that and y'all showing a different way and y'all got the people together. So I i I salute y'all for doing that. Now when, when is this mix tape coming out with all y'all on there? Like this, this, this, this unofficial mix tape that's going get leaked one day. Like where the fuck is that at? It's on the white man. Like That's the move. Like where's that joint at? For sure Asap. We got You see what I'm saying? What what With, you know with the, with the low dose. I Ain't gonna lie since you speaking on that, it's a lot of niggas out there I've been hearing trying to sneak out with this NEW DALLAS Meats type. If it's not coming through us not going down. Not hearing a lot of niggas been trying to sneak out with the idea.


They think they gonna collect some songs from us and run off and make the tape without us. Never, we don't work too hard for this shit If y'all don't post the tape and it don't come from your output, it ain't real. That's basically what you're saying. Yeah, nah, facts Like, like you know I I think that, I think the, the merch, the NEW DALLAS merch some type of logo with the n in the d Notre Dame Got they. Shit, I don't know. Y'all gotta figure out y'all ND like Hey listen I I I wanna see the New Dallas merch. Yeah, can I just ask y'all question? Please don't put no star on that motherfucker. That's all I'm asking. Got Not asking too much.


We got Rich. Just don't put no star on that but could be the New Dallas without the star. This motherfucker here. I rock that shit. I can't rock that shit. You put a star on that motherfucker now that, that's connection to the Cowboys. You know what I mean? If that shit say NEW DALLAS, I'm rocking that shit. I don't like the cowboy. You know what I mean? When my Philly niggas say nigga you got a Dallas nigga this the NEW DALLAS, this rap shit nigga. Now what we going to do is got that star On it. I'm done. I'm fucking cooked. What we gonna do is this, y'all got the floor, y'all talk to the people. Y'all tell the people what they need to know. I ain't, we ain't gotta say too much.


I seen y'all, I hit you in January. Yep And the DM and I said listen man it's January 6th. I said I see you. I said I'll be to come see you in MONTANA. That was six months ago. I'm here y'all talk to the people and tell 'em why they should fuck with y'all. What y'all got going on and you know how it's going down in the NEW DALLAS. Hey man look man this New Dallas, you know what I'm saying? I think you should fuck with us because shit, you know some positivity shit. You know what I'm saying? Not just for the city of Dallas but just for the culture of, of of African American race as a whole. You know what I'm saying? Like I feel like what we bring to, you know, the rap game is, is much much different than you know what the what the, what the rap game has been used to the last couple years.


You know what I'm saying And shit, we just, we just wanna motivate and inspire the world and show, show, show people that it's possible coming from the circumstances and the places that we come from that maybe you and your brothers or you, your group of friends can come together even if it ain't music. But I'm seeing it just build something together and just stick together man and just do it man for for the culture and just notify our ancestors, you know, shit, we was one slave. I don't understand why we wanna go against each other and and kill each other and talk, make statuses about each other on Facebook instead of uplifting one another and I'm saying resharing your brother music or you know, like it's, it is enough for everybody.


You know Jay-Z got billions of dollars itself, you know so if shit everybody can get their hands on a couple million, shit it it, it is possible. It's enough. I'll be happy, you know shit I ain't, I ain't got no ego or pride problem. You know I wanna see everybody win. I'm saying shit, another nigga win win affect me in no way. You know, shit I, I just wanna see everybody win shit that's all dope for, that's all dope about, you know what I'm saying? That's all dope stand stand for. I feel like bro said enough for everybody. That why I be saying like if I, if I could play the league bro play the arm I could just shit and play the back bro. Said enough like that was enough for everybody to know Nah facts like you know new D like we really on some team shit you know I know me like anybody asks about me like my face score good everywhere, you know what I'm saying?


I really want to see my niggas win. You know what I'm saying? We was at the BET awards, you know what I'm saying? I'm happy my niggas up there front row, you hear me? I ain't gotta be up there front row. They up there front row they rep we represent each other. You know what I'm absolutely there's no beat. You know what I'm saying? I'm playing the back. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? As long as I'm in the building, you know what I'm saying? Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? That just type nigga I am like I just want to see everybody win. Like I love seeing my niggas popping, you know what I'm saying? I don't be hating, you know what I'm saying? A lot of niggas be hating on they Nigga ain. They niggas winning. I ain't never been no hater. That ain't in my, you know what I'm saying? Ain ain't got no hang bone in me. You know what I'm saying? I just love my, we look good, you know what I'm saying? They love this new D shit. You hear me? We look good. We look good, you feel me? They love this new D shit man.


We just letting the world know like and we all from different neighborhoods, you know what I'm saying? My neighborhood and his neighborhood grew up beefing with each other. You know what I'm saying? My pops him, his og, them beefing with each other man we run this shit back, you know what I'm saying? The city look good right now. The city was just fucked up. Yeah they see us, they, they proud nigga love to screen they from Dallas right now. Real talk, you know what I'm saying? Nah for real like this shit really going on. I watch y'all shit all the time. That's what's up. Appreciate that. I like how y'all talk to Dirk now, you know what I'm saying? I like that shit. Appreciate you now you know what I'm saying? For real like this new D shit like like we ain't playing like we cool for the cameras. It's really my partner for real. I really grew up with this nigga, you know what I'm saying?


My nigga wigs wasn't no ones, you know what I'm saying? He ain't get to talk my nigga Wigs wasn't no ones Ze the Wizard, one of the ones versatile, you know what I'm saying? This shit going on. That's What you need to ask. What you want to tell the world We talk to Ain ain't gonna lie bro. Nigga hit the hammer on top of the nail and shit. There ain't really much about to say shit. They said for both of them. Yeah What it is we all gonna really say the same thing. You as me. Facts not a society. It is real like it love like on damn line back there, you know what I'm Saying? Leave that Brought them shit a lot. Shit. S it That's the Dallas barbecue back there.


Shout out to I bet you niggas know my name Damien. Who? Killer. Yeah they know they ain't wanna say they ain't wanna throw it out there and shit but we live from New Dallas man. And listen man this is another episode a million dollars Mworthofgame and NEW DALLAS. I ain't gotta tell you what it is. They already told you. You see what's going on in real time they getting, they getting a bunch of action out there and they doing they thing. The only thing about it is that, and I'm gonna say this, they gotta come to Philly and they gotta come and watch this rank ceremony when the Eagles get their rings.


Now. Now I'm just saying I is. That's the only sad part about this shit. They gotta come to the jury celebration. But you know once again we was here a million dollars Mworthofgame New Dallas man. Go check that. What they going what? Gimme my theme music. It goes on and on. It is gonna go down baby, But we outta here man. NEW DALLAS baby. Love. I appreciate y'all Love baby.