
Hey. Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right? You now I'm tuned into me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me. Million Dollars Mworthofgame. Yes. Got one of my favorite. Youngest Got family on here today. You hear me? One of my favorite youngins in the world. Yes. Talk to him. NLE. What's up? Appreciate That. Appreciate that, man. What's up man? Blessed, blessed, bro. Can't complain. Can't Complain. Yeah. You feel real good, man. I, I mean, but how can you complain every time I see you in an arena somewhere, man, Shaking the arena.


Yeah. What? I mean, y'all thought this? Yeah, yeah. Wrong with you. Happy Feet, boy, happy Feet. You need to put him as one of your backup dancers. You know, back when he was kids, they used to call him Happy Feet in the party because his feet used to be on fire. He'd be dancing, dancing the night away. Hey dog. He be, stop laughing like this. Nah, he used to call him Happy Feet. Call him him happy. He, him Happy Feet. His feet was always happy anytime he heard. And then I used to be like, 'cause you can't dance to a song. He just, he just wouldn't miss a song all night. Sweating. He just boo dude. That'd be a party. All funky deodorant burnt out. Yeah. He was one of them dudes. Oh, hype, sweating, dripping off everybody. Now you, you know what's so great about this?


Like, I was talking to you before, first of all, before we get to the movie, right? Which is the great accomplishments. That's major. Thank you. But how do you, how, how would you able to stay here? When I say stay here, like, you know, I always say, you know, in this game, and I tell a lot of these artists, me and Gil is like coaches. Yeah. So, you know, the coaches last longer than the player. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like your mom, she's a coach. I just saw that, I saw that your, your mom's a coach. So it's like she, you know what I mean? Even after you decide to retire, whatever, she still got the abilities to deal with other talent or whatever, artists, whatever. Sure. So you see a bunch of people come through and in and in our field we see so many people come through every year is a bunch of artists that come. It seem like it's getting slimmer these years that's coming.


But it used to be like 15, 20 artists that are pop in a year. Yeah, for sure. And when you came, you got you, you coming to, you getting, you getting a lot of, you getting a lot of years in when you came, it was a bunch of artists that popped that year. A whole bunch. A lot of 'em ain't around you still here. Yeah. How do you stay, how do you stay here this long? First thing and the most important thing is every man he got every single man in the world. For every time I wake up, like I pray in my dreams, sometimes before I wake up, before I touch my phone, before I even talk, before I do anything, I'm praying, I'm thankful cherishing the day before it even start.


You know what I'm saying? And then I start my day. And then secondly, I feel like one thing my mother she instilled in me is like the long term, not just the now I feel like a lot of the artists, they're trying to figure out how to keep stuff going just for now. But I'm juggling and I'm finding balance within my now and where I'm heading to. So I know like I'm creating five, 10 year plans, what I want to do, what goals I wanna smash. And once you start to put stuff like that in the air, the universe, God ancestors, whoever's watching over you, they start to order those steps out. So even when it feel like you in a space of, Hey, I'm falling off here, it's just preparing you for your next, that you already asked for.


So I feel like that's been the most important journey with me. Yeah. You know, I feel like even when God has stripped me of things and I felt like, you know, I lost something. It wasn't because I lost it for real. It was just he was preparing me for my next. And then everything I felt I lost, it got restored times 10 because the things I had to build outside of what I was mainly focused on, it's helping everything to come altogether is one. You know what I'm saying? So, you know, for instance, like I remember at 1617, I was, I had lost my Instagram. That was my main way of promoting, getting and connecting to my fans.


I got banned. I'm still banned to this day. I had like 3.7 million followers. My only platform, no Twitter, no TikTok wasn't even like really there at the time. No Snapchat, no nothing. It forced me to plant other seeds. Twitter, TikTok had just bloomed. I had made TikTok and all this different, but I thought I was being punished. But whole time God wanted me to build other things so everything can come back as one. So, you know, I feel like the two things to your questions is God. And then playing the longevity game. 'cause that's, that's when you really win. Who's still here? And I'm still here. You You, you still young, right? And we come from the black culture, the black culture is extremely critical towards black people.


Extremely. And, And extremely. It's not an understatement. Listen. And when success comes, it's like, it go from just the regular round away guy getting criticized for thinking outside of the box to, from a 10 to 10,000, the criticism. And it's like everybody, like we are taught growing up in the ghetto, we taught you can't do this or you're not black, you can't do that. Or you're not black. Don't think this weird. You not black. Don't go over here. You not black. Don't wear this. If you not black, don't say this. If you not black. It's like, we got this, this, these restrictions on us where we got curse. I'm talking about every way we, we, we decide to grow in any type of way. We, we are getting, we're no longer black Because we curse And, and what what is what did.


But, but, but before I get to that, what I'm trying to get to is like how, when did you get to the point when in your mind you turned your button on and you broke it all? Because I realized that was, that was holding me back. Okay. That's deep. That's deep. I was hold on to pretty much what our program to be like. You said, where we come from, we, we talk to just be hella ized and just extremely just like, confrontational to things that we ain't even gotta be confrontational towards. We lack freedom. We can't even do things without man. Homies might not fuck with this.


S might not fuck with this. Like we lack freedom. We lack going within, which is that's where God is. Once you go within and find who that person is on the inside, those in the voices, you either got yay or nay on your, in your head. And even when you find God, you still gonna have yay or nay in your head. It's up to you to choose which one is, you know, for the greater good. I started to realize I wasn't free the moment that I had to feel like if I did something, not even like on no check in, like, bro, it's just cool. Like, like harm me or something. It's just simply like if I was to do something, damn, what if he laugh at me? It, it could be as simple as that. Like what if I get joked on about it?


Like I feel like, man, why am I going outside of myself for validation? And when I hit my knees and pray, I'm getting the intuition from prayer. So if I'm praying for something and I'm getting an intuitive thought to do something after prayer, that's God speaking to me. Right? So me getting validation from you after my intuition just told me what to do is basically going against God. Right? So I mean, once I started to figure out that, I was like, you know, I'm gonna do what my heart is, is, is, is guiding me to do. And in that process I feel like I lost a lot of, I lost a lot of homies.


'cause not even because like the song supported me, but it's just to the, it is still to the, to the, to the thing of the nature. It is like you supporting me, but I still don't think you understand. You can, you can be like, you know, that's just him. He gonna do what he do. But some people don't understand the real fight on the inside that to go through, we have been cursed, right? We have been programmed and we have been watered the wrong way. And it's affected a ton of us. Not like thousands, like millions of black people are behind because we are seeking validation outside of ourself.


But then you go in other coaches and the thing that we shame on, they're doing, they're doing, we they're Doing individualism. We shame on that. And you know what's crazy? This, this what I find so crazy. You 23 now, right? 22. 22. I'm 23 this year. 23 this year. Alright, Speak life of me please. Yeah. So, so, so think about this. What I find that is so up and so ignorant and so stupid with our culture, everybody will salute you and you know, respect you and honor you. If you was running around your neighborhood, shoot, if you, you, if if if you, if you was running around your neighborhood, shoot, having your mom panicking every time you leave the house, 'cause she waiting for the phone call for the police to call or the coordin of to call everybody, they'd be like, oh, what the does the matter with us?


And I want it from a young perspective because when you speaking, you speaking for so many young people. Yeah, me and Gil know something. But it's better to hear from your perspective because it's like we salute dumb and growth. We look at growth. Like it's crazy if it's not some ign. Man, I cleaned up enough to the point to where people forgot I used to be dirty. And that's, that's a blessing. That's a blessing. Like people could say what they want, they could say, oh he's this now he's that now. But I really come from that like genuinely like deeply. And it don't matter what area of Memphis I was in or where I moved to or where I went to, I genuinely come from it.


I've seen every side of it. I've seen, I've been on physically been on both sides of the gun. All of these things.


This episode, a million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by Planet Fitness. Everybody can get strong at Planet Fitness, high value memberships that support any fitness journey as low as $15 a month. There are over 2,700 club locations with most clubs open 24 hours best in class equipment. Has the same high quality equipment as other more expensive gyms for a workout. From strength training to cardio and stretching from brand new plate loaded machines. Hack squats, calf raises, talking about bench press. They got everything. It's very friendly, welcoming staff. Unlimited free fitness training. So where would you rather be than Planet Fitness? Hmm. I'm just saying it is a great workout, great environment, great equipment, you know what I mean? We all strong. We can all get strong at Planet Fitness. Join the day in club online or free PF app. You hear me? Hours, amenities and offers vary by club Planet Fitness dot com or stop by local club For more information. Planet Fitness, the best way to get in shape, right?


This episode, a million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by New Amsterdam Vodka. Now life ain't going your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your woman cheating today. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming in, it didn't come your way. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka is still five times, it's filtered three times for that clean crisp finish. Now you could drink it straight up, you could drink it on the rocks, you could drink it with juice soda or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. That's up to you. But when you are out and about at your local liquor store, you know what not to do. Don't you walk past that New Amsterdam Vodka? No, you scoop it up, you get it to the count of boop, you get it home and you drink it to the way of your choice. New Amsterdam Vodka, the official vodka of bars through sports. Mm. Shout out to the new Amsterdam queen too. Be at the crib doing a thing with her girlfriends. You know what I mean? All types of cocktails and things. So when you out and about make sure you get you some New Amsterdam Vodka. Right?


But I feel like the thing that's that's keeping Us in glorification of it is just like, bro, it is just, I don't think it is no one. And it's hard to even say. I don't think there's no one that has showed another way. I just think it's just first and foremost, I feel like I didn't understand that I was wrong until I had to realize I was wrong. If that makes sense. Yeah. Until I looked in the mirror and realized, hey bro, this wrong, you ain't living right. Take accountability for this. You feel this is right. Do you generally feel this is right? I had to start doing measures of that nature and nobody is willing to take that measure.


And it's like, the more we preach it and the more we try to warn and do and do these things, it's like nobody still getting it. No, but I'm, I'm gonna keep it all the way real with you neph for us. Right. You know, we get a youth gang, which has got us attention, motivation and education and we be out and we bumping the young who are just start crying right there on the spot. Like man, and, and and like I was gonna go kill some man and I seen some see it man. And that stopped me from killing them niggas. That's what mean the most to us. Yeah. It don't even matter if it's one, if it's a hundred, if it's a thousand, 10,000 in this world of billions of people, we understand that we helped probably save some's lives just by some words.


And that's important. So it it is a very small Yeah. Percentage, but it is some young that it's getting to Yeah. 4,000 Because we bump into the, and they like dog, he don't understand, they it be deep stories. They be saying, man, they killed my man and I was feeling like a I and I. Yeah. And I just seen Wao say he forgave his brother killer. Yeah. And I had to let that shit go man. I had to really, you see the pain in they face Yeah. Of wanting to, wanting that get back. Yeah. Wanting that, wanting that lit back. But it's like I gotta live for him instead of die for him. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? 1000%.


So, and I feel like too, I'm, I'm not opposed to that. I feel like it's people that get the message. I feel like when people speak, it's a lot of people that receive it. And so I to move accordingly, but I also think it's mainly in the youth. Absolutely. It's mainly in the youth. Absolutely. And I feel like, you know, not saying like the adult should catch along, but it's more so I think that should be the main focus point because once these guys reaching a certain age, once they, I can't even put age on it. Once they reach a certain level of just going through that cycle, that maturity of going through a cycle, it's harder for them to let go of stuff because they getting dirtied up every day, every other day. It's getting more dirt on the surface.


So it's harder to clean it. But my mind that's, I'm in the greens with you on that because my, my goal is before I talk to anybody, I want to talk to someone under the age of 18, most importantly really close to like 1211. 'cause that's really where they starting to get Yeah. Get going. Real talk like, you know where I'm from, they stealing cars, hopping in cars, 10, 10, 8, 8, 9, 10. They catching bodies from anywhere from 1213. That's when they getting they dick with it for real, real tough. So it's like if you catching them around that age, like I feel like for sure, like I feel like the, the turnaround rate is at a higher percentage.


Right. But murder, I ain't gonna lie. You got until genuinely like they around that 17 or 18 mark before it starts to just, it's at the point of no return and you Right. And it's Real until, until life hit 'em on their and they have to and they have to go through it and then they have to really go through and deal with the karma. They don't, nobody understand karma no more. I smack the shit outta somebody. I promise you if it ain't served right, as soon as I smack the shit out of him, something is coming, you gonna pay for That. Something is coming if it's done out out of wrong. For sure. If I'm defending myself, God knows your heart. But if I'm doing something spiteful that come around, once I understood karma, that's when I said ain ain't gotta do nothing street related.


Ain ain't gotta do nothing. Y'all could call me gay, y'all could call me whatever y'all want to call me, y'all call me a hoe, whatever. But once I figured out that karma is real, then come around time 10. For real. What? Hell no. I said gotta stop playing Now. Now let me, hold on, let me, let me reiterate on something he said, you know what I'm saying? Even, even a lot of times when they go through it, they still don't get it yet when they young. Because you gotta understand, we going to the jails that all that to talk to the youth and we, we go up the youth study center. Right? Yeah. That's what it's called. Right. Me too too. I'm I'm taking them Sand watch with you schools And juvie. Yeah. All this. And it's these kids in there. Right.


And all of them is like, you know, they in the gym or whatever. Right. And when you look around, you see very few kids that's like I in this joint, they like, you see, you see the kids. Some of the kids, they just like, they more to themselves. They just like, but for a lot of them kids, man, that's like they away at camp. They could Yeah. That's like they away at camp and then you got this one part of the jail that we go to where all the youngins is facing. Real Finn had to go to big boy jail. Right.


They ain't got no life in that. You walking there, all of them is like Yeah. Because they now understand that my life is down there. Done, done. Yeah. I'm going from here to the big boy jail and I'm probably going to get a 20 to 40 a life. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? The only reason why I'm not getting life is 'cause a lot of, because the crime I committed, I was 16 or I was 15, so they probably ain't gonna gimme life. But by the time I get the out, I'm gonna be 40 years old. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. But when we go in there and talk to them, that shit be so dark and just Yeah. Gloomy and deep.


It just, no life in that fucker. It is just, and even we trying to talk to 'em and give them some life, it's just like, oh, it, they look at you and they receptive to that, but it's like, oh head I'm done. Because It ain't nothing you can do at that point. Right. It's like, I'm done man. And that's what I mean, the point of no return. It is just like, it's kind of, it's kind of done. It's, it is not done, but it's like it is done for that, for that, for that time period. And, and it's what make it so deep is that you got these kids, they locked up, they in the same situation. Right. But they know they going home soon. They might got a year, they might got two years. They know they going home soon. So this shit's still a game to them.


And then right over here is the kids, they locked up in the same jail as them, but they ain't coming home and they ain't got no life. Yeah. They, it is no energy in this motherfucker. It's like they don't even talk to each other in that fucker. It's just like, and it is just like eventually a lot of them kids that's in this that's having fun out there. They, they going, they End up in night shoot. Yeah. And it's crazy. It's just the cycle that, because when they supposed to be getting it right over here and understanding that man, I, I just, I'm about to be locked up from the age of 14 to 16. They don't understand that I'm supposed to be in the real world doing real.


Yeah. Going to school for real. Being able to open the refrigerator door for real. Being able to go to the movies for real. Being able to pull up Netflix at the house for real. Is that, that none of that is not registering with them yet. Gil, you want me to tell you something? I think the biggest problem with the youth and with our community right now is that we are not being trained to know who God is and know what prayer is. People, people, people see, I think people underestimate the power of knowing that it's a higher power and they also underestimate the protection that we get through just holding our hands here, here, wherever you want to hold 'em, however you want to do it.


And just speaking something over you. They don't know the power of the tongue and how important it is before you even step outside your crib to speak. Right. Protection, blessings and abundance and all of these different affirmations that keeps you uplifted before you even walk out the house. Right? Ain't nobody, ain't nobody doing that no more. And it ain't about going to church, it ain't about reading the Bible at this point. It's about sitting down and understanding that God is within you. Having them conversations and finding him within you so you can understand that you protected after that.


Because at the end of the day, bro, God gonna always send, oh, what you just explained was the warning before destruction. You got so sitting in there for Deka and you got so to go over there to the big boy Real Talk.


This podcast is brought to you in part by Stash. Saving and investing can feel impossible but with Stash it's not. It's just reality. It's easy. Stash isn't just an investing app, it's a registered investment advisor that combines automated investing with dependable financial strategies to help you reach your goals faster. They'll provide you with personalized advice on what to invest in Based on your goals. If you want to just sit back and watch your money go to work, you can opt with the award-winning expert managed portfolio that picks stocks for you. Stash has helped millions of Americas reach their financial goals and start at just $3 per month. Don't let your savings sit around, make it work harder for you. Go to get.st.com/dollars to see how you can receive $25 towards your first stock purchase interview. Important disclosures, that's get st.com/dollars paid. Non-client endorsement, not representative of all clients and not a guarantee. Investment advisory services offered by Stash Investments. L-L-C-A-S-E-C, registered Investment Advisor. Investing involves risk. Offers is subject tots and cs.


This episode of me and Osworth, A game is brought to you by DraftKings, who's scoring big in NBA this season. You are with the all new ways to get into action at Draftkings Sports book. The official sports book betting partner of the NBA DraftKings is the home of NBA props so you can get behind your favorite player any which way from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass is super easy for first timers to get started, try betting on something simple like picking a NBA player prop. Here's something special for first timers, new DRAFTKING customers bet $5. Just $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly take it to the rack with Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download Draftking Sports book app use code Gilly me GIL. That's called Gilly. New customers get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The ground is yours. Put it on. Wear it right GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


Hey bro. And a lot of people, a lot of people. All I think, I think the dis Connecticut people think it's hard to, to build a relationship with the most high. It is just a simple conversation. It's just a simple thank you. The God love gratitude. That's the main thing that this whole world, the universe that he created, that's the whole thing that keep it going. When you just simply say thank you And, and, and I just want to commend you, right, because is you came out, you was making gangster, you know, and then it was a transition and when you started transitioning right, the internet, they wasn't feeling your transition.


They wasn't. And they was trying to put a lot of mustard on your jacket, a lot of slammed on your name and 10 outta 10 young black men that come from where we come from. When they get that type of hate, when they get that type of slander, they, they back down, they run away from that. They, they automatically say, man, let me get my bag man. Let me get the people what I, what they say, what they say they want. When you say, fuck what y'all talking about, this is what, what I'm doing. And if you don't like it, you just don't like it, then it ain't for you and you embraced it.


And to see you come out as shoes and embrace it and see that this internet shit ain't real. Because when I come out at the show, it's, I don't know, I don't know. It'd be looking like a sea of, I don't know how many perform in front of I'm keeping it real. It'd be looking like a sea, a ocean. And they had to see you night after night after night after night after night. Say y'all said this wouldn't work and throw it in they face and show 'em that it ain't about what the y'all talking about.


It's what about what I'm doing? Yeah. And about it's seven it billion planet Earth. Just because you don't like my, that don't mean that three, four mil s out here around the world ain't gonna like my Yeah. So what gave you that confidence at 22 years old to be like, man, what y'all talking about? You want me tell you why? I tell you why? Yes. The beginning of that year, of last year, I lost I think five to six people in January.


I think one, it had to do with mental health, two or three, it had to do with some street. I lost my grandfather and I lost, I I was losing. Yeah. Just to put it like that. Yeah. That was my January. And then outside of the people I lost to some street, I lost a, a real close friend of mine. Yeah. A close friend that I warned him every day about certain things. I was on him. I I challenged him to be a better person every day. Yeah. And everybody around though I spoke nothing but life on him.


I tried to keep getting him on the vibration on the tip of that I was on. Yeah. And it was a little hard for him. It was all good. You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna give my dog grace because rest in peace man. That's his life. That's his walk. I lost him after warning him about someone that I warn him about a whole year. But it is good though. Things happen. That's how things happen. That's how that's, that's that, that's still my dog regardless. But where it hit was a little bit, a few weeks in January when we had to bury him. I had to sit at the funeral and I sit by beside they mamas don't nobody else sit beside they mama.


Right? I sit purposely beside the mom every time when a funeral happens with one of my guys, if they pass away, I go beside the mom so it can, so I can feel the mom's cry. I can feel the hurt, I can feel it. And whatever translates to me in that moment is what keep my on the right path, fool. 'cause I got my mother over there. Right? So when was asking me, bro, drop some gangster, drop this, drop this, bro. I'm doing, I'm dealing with gangster in real life, fool.


Right? We really dying, fool. I respect You. Really dying, bro. Want to hear this? And, and don't get me wrong, I I love making gangster music. Right? But that ain't all of what I'm just about. That's some people holding on to. Right. So when I was in the space of recording music, God was speaking to me. He was taking me back to that moment. He was like, you know, just do something different this time. Your soul saw that your spirit felt it. Right. What do you want to do about that? And I'm like, you know, I, I don't, I don't gotta make a positive song. I don't have to make a gospel song.


I just wanted to make a song that was different from the lifestyle that I keep glorifying that I'm saying it's not getting us nowhere. Right? So I went in the studio, I made some that sounded as freaky as possible, as less filled as possible. But it was simply just confidence, right? I was just feeling myself. Right? I was trying to separate from gangsterism and that's more I try to detox from it. I start to realize, you know, guys, you made a beautiful individual. I see no flaws. Even when I have flaws, I still think I'm perfect. It's things I can work on. But I know even my flaws, it is perfection. 'cause one day it's going to keep getting, the more I tend to it, it's gonna be just as good as my good.


So when I was making that song, it was personal to me because didn't nobody understand that if I was a bad, I me too. It came from me having to lay my dog down. Nobody understood that. So it was personal to me. So once that, and I knew it was a hit song regardless, but that shit was personal to me. I was in the space of not wanting to rap about murder around that time. Right. When I'm knowing how karma, where I see my dog passing, I know if I go stick my neck out and I go get some touch about that, then I'm falling in the same bracket of all these other s going to jail.


Absolutely. Or dying. Absolutely. And then it's free NL chopper for one week and then y'all forget about me. Absolutely. And then it's rest in peace to NL Chopper for a week. And then y'all forget about me. Absolutely. Absolutely. They run your streams up for two months, then you're done. Nobody, nobody gonna check on your mom. None of that. Right? Nothing. Because I'm gonna keep it all the way bro. I just want to say


this, this episode of Million Dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by Uber Eats. Introducing Exclusive Eats only on Uber Eats. Every week Uber Eats is teaming up with your favorite brands to drop LTL items and exclusive deals you won't find anywhere else. This week Uber Eats has partnered with Dave's hot Chicken to bring you mini sliders served on mini potato bun with kale slaw, pickles and drizzled with Dave's sauce. Available in no spice medium or hot. Get free Dave's hot chicken mini slides when you spend $30 plus on Uber Eats until April 23rd. Order now only on Uber Eats. Stay tuned and stay hungry for the next exclusive eats drop. So just know Dave's hot chicken is blessing you. You call Dave's hot chicken, you order $30 worth of food. Oh guess what you getting? Ooh. Mini sliders. Hot, mild, regular, however you want it. So make sure you tap into Uber Eats. Introducing the exclusive Eats only on Uber Eats the best way to get your food delivered


right


this episode of me Os Mworthofgame is bought to you by JACKPOCKET. Ordering official state lottery games has never been easier. Thanks to JACKPOCKET America's number one lottery app. Powerball Mega Millions State Lottery. Pick three or pick four. You name it, they got it. The Jackpot Lottery app is great because you can order tickets whenever you want, right on your smartphone. New customers. You get your first $5 lottery ticket free with code Gilly G-I-L-L-I-E. Make sure you spell it right. That's code Gilly for your first lottery ticket on JACKPOCKET. Download the app today. JackPocket America's number one lottery app GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 18 or older, 19 or older in Nebraska 21 or older in Arizona. JackPocket is a lottery courier in not affiliate with any state lottery Eligibility restrictions. Apply Void where prohibited promo code required for $5 non withdrawable credit terms at jkp.co/draw Sponsored by Jackpocket Based on 2024 iOS download data collected by Sensor Tower.


'cause you on that, that point right there man. Rest in peace to Nipsey Hussle. Man. Rest in peace to take off man. 'cause I don't really see nobody really throw them up no more. Really shot them out no more. Really Show them the love no more. You know what I mean? When you going, they always put up and going but not forgotten. So a lot, lot of times you be going and forgotten. So I just want to put that out there. Shout out to Pop Smoke, you know what I mean? Shout out to Biggie Smalls and Tupac, big L. You know what I mean? A lot of people lost they life and and it's hip hop man. And I'm glad you said that because you get, you wanna know who the person that's still trying to do and still trying to keep they names alive. Me. I just made a whole dedicated poster to all them guys you just named last month.


That's What's up. That's real. Then I was just at Marathon Burger showing love to Black Sand. Yes, Yes. Uplift Him For where he was doing. Yes, absolutely. Shout out to Marathon Burger. Shout out to Black Sand man. Shout. Yeah man. That's our guy. A vegan burger. Whew. Yeah man. Yeah. But you know it, it is great to see you doing your thing now. Now what's interesting is you say you, you, you highly successful in music now you say I'm going over here to the acting world. How did that come about? Where did that start from? Man, it started when I used to go to the movie theaters this after I blew up and rapping and I started to feel like I developed a passion for movies. I think it stemmed from me making music videos and I was all, people was always like, these music videos dope.


I could see 'em in movies 'cause sometimes I break up little skits or whatever. But Was you writing your music video? Was you the Yeah, I directed the the Okay. Alright. And then it came to a point to where I go sit down in the movie theaters and then I look at the, the movies on the big screen. I'd be like, I wish I was in that. And I'd be like, man, I wish I could have played that role. And once I started to say that I took he of myself, I was like, oh Damn, I want to be a actor. Like, you know what I'm saying? That's what it sounded like to me. So, but I could have seen you in, I could see you in like the Fast and Furious. Yeah, That too. I could see you in something like that. Like you blend right into at You. Yeah man. So I think that's where it's stem from. Just looking at movies and like smiling at 'em and appreciating art.


I appreciate art. I don't think it's no such thing as, as anything in an artistic manner. That's bad. I can't call a song terrible. I can't call a movie bad. It's just one of my preference. Yeah. But you know, I look at art in that aspect and once you start to appreciate art, you start to get inspired. And I got inspired man. So Fast Forward man. My first full link Min, my first full link movie, March 28th, Black Heat. I'm in there with Jason Mitchell. I've seen the Trailer. Yeah. Yeah man. And I told Jason Mitchell, I was like, man, it was crazy 'cause when I was like 13, 14, like 12 or something, I cried then straight outta Compton when Eazy E died.


Like that shit touching me bro. I cried bro. I cried. Now you're in the movie with him, Man. What? Full circle. I told him that I walked up to him. I said bro, like look him dead in his eyes bro. Like my, I cried watching you on the screen. Yeah. Now I'm in a movie with you, bro. That's God bro. From the trailer though. It looked like you did your thing. I ain't gonna lie. Yeah man, it look like, I ain't gonna lie. It look like you did your motherfucker thing. Did. How, How was it that you had to audition? How did the process go? So, man, I'm glad you asked that man. I was, I auditioned for like four movies before that. Mm. And I did this, the tape and I set up the camera, memorize the script, had the ring light.


And I'm just in my own room just like this with a camera in front of me. And I'm just going over the lines. I just, for the Mike Tyson movie, I was just telling him, I was talking with the, with the lisp and I was like, yeah, I need your hot out. I I kill you, you white boy. Like I really channeled that and was good. I wanted to play Young Mike. I felt like I killed it bro. I ain't played that role though. Like when I, when I, bro, I killed the auditioning in my opinion. Yeah. But I ain't get that role. And like the other three, the four that I auditioned for, I ain't get the role. And I'm like, man, know what, fuck this. I'm like man, I'm gonna just go do my own thing.


I'm gonna make my own movie. And ever since then I have been doing that. But a week or so, a few weeks later God knocked on the door and you know when nobody, when no one else send your worth. God for sure has sent someone that that sees it. And the guy that wanted me to play in Black Heat movie actually went to school with my mother. He's a Memphis native. And he told me I didn't have to audition. He said he seen me and he didn't see now one audition tape. He just saw me and he knew I was the one for the role And That Restored me. That's crazy. 'cause that's what Ving v Ving ra seen me on a, on a, on YouTube.


I don't know, you know the act Ving RA's baby boy, he choked Tyrese. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He seen me on a YouTube video and called somebody from New York like, yo, you knew Gilly. They're like, yeah, I knew Gilly. They gave him my number, he left me a dm. This is Ving Rees. I repeat, this is Ving Rees looking for Gilly. I'm like, what the outta here man? No V ring he be looking for for Right. My man said, bro, you got like a couple hundred million views on YouTube. It's possibly he could know you. Yeah. I call back, can I speak to Ing Rames? He like, yeah, this, yeah, this Gilly.


Yeah. So I'm like, God damn, this dude sound like the, from the movies though. He like, I want you to come to Cali. So I'm like, all right. So I flew out to Cali and that's when he put me in the movie, me and Nipsey Hussle in a movie. Okay. Rest in peace to nip hard where he was our dad, we was beefing in the streets. We didn't even know we was brothers. We go to the pen, we find out we brothers at the end. And just like you said, when God wants somebody to find you. Yeah. And I had never acted in my life. You gotta understand when I got there, they wasn't even respecting me because like I was the only one there that didn't have to try out for the movie.


V was like, no, he, that role is his. And then after we get on set and I go through the roll, it's some gang. Hmm. You know what I mean? Yeah. We, we go through the roll, they like cut. Oh Gilly, that was great. Gilly, oh Let's do another now I'm in. You feel what I'm saying? But I didn't have to, I have to audition either. Yeah. But I had to earn the respect when I got there For sure. You know what I mean? And I ain exceeded the expectations. Know I see the expectations. Right. You know what I mean? So at the end of the day, I understood what you mean when you say if God wants somebody to, to define you, they going to find you. So, because I wasn't going to never hit that phone back into my man said, bro, it's possible he might know you.


And then I'm still like, man is you talking about man speak to Ving Rames. Like you gotta understand, I just talked to Ving two days ago. Okay. And And this was in 2009. Yeah. When he called me. Yeah. So that's how long and he, he put me in like, I think eight, 10, some movies like eight or nine, 10 movies. I don't remember exactly how many, but that's how long we had a relationship. Yeah. Just off of him seeing me on YouTube and taking a liking to me. Yeah. Off of my personality. So when God want somebody to come your way day, he'll send him your way, Man.


1000%. Now, now this is, this is starting to, this is your career starting to more and more movies. You're still so now did that, that opportunity say, oh no, let me get some more auditions. I gotta get back to this. Did they have you, like you gotta get back to this. You ready to take some more auditions now? I'm gonna be honest, I haven't, I haven't came back to that space yet with the auditions. I'm gonna be honest. But I feel like if it's something that comes across me that I feel like is genuinely worth auditioning for. Yeah. I'm putting that camera open. I'm gonna audition for it. Like could you, because you do it at home. Yeah. Yeah. Let me ask you a question. Do do, when you audition, do you just learn your lines or do when you going through the audition or do you go do both people lines?


I do both people. I, There we go, We go. You gotta know. There we go. I used to, I had to do that one time and I didn't even have to audition 'cause Ving got me the spot, but the people called me behind Ving back and was like, Gilly, would you mind doing the audition tape? And I was like, no I wouldn't because I'm willing to get the roll off of myself. And I ain't even tell V Then when I told V he was ready to snap out, I'm like, no I ain. I got it. They already called back, said they love it, but I wanted to get it on my own. And he respected that.


Yeah. But when I did the audition tape, I'm doing both roles. Yeah. So tell me, don't go in there. Fuck that. I'm going in there. Why you gonna go in there? They going to kill you. Don't give a ain. Ain't worried. Yeah. I'm just making it up. But that's how I'm doing it. Like going back and forth. I know they lying. I know my line. So I wanted to find out was you doing the same thing? That's dope. Did you Improv in there anywhere? You put your own flavor in there. Yeah. Went off the script. You got to, yeah, you got to. And I, it was certain moments where I come to direct, I'd be like, yo, I really, I really love this. But I wouldn't say it like that. But no, not even that. It is like, I love this, but I'd be on like, 'cause what I was doing was I learned my character.


Right. So I, I want know the backstory. I want to know why he this way, how was he raised, you know? So I was like, man with this, but I think he would do this in this situation. Yeah. Or he would say it like this, are you cool with that? And he was like, yeah, that sounds good. Like, yeah, try it. I'm like, all right, boom. And when I do it, we play it back. He be like, that was a good call. But it is very seldom, you know, I always like to, I don't want to never step on toes, but when I get something and I love it, I start to like really love it and I'm like, nigga I'm this. So, you know, once you on set too, you know it's gonna be multiple takes. Yeah. So what I would always do was, and and then they start understanding what I was doing.


I would always get the first couple takes. I'm giving them what's on script and then I'm like, can I just do one now I'm giving them what I feel like the character would say and then they would be like, oh that was good Kelly, can we get the, the, the that I'm coming over line again. And it is like, are you ready? And then, then now they want stuff that you brought Yeah. Out to character. The, the, you know what I'm saying? They want that now they, then they might even keep some of what they got and then add some of what you put in there. Yeah. You know what I mean? So that's what I always would do.


Yeah. Did You write any movies yet for you? So for your de director debut? I'm glad you said that because I shot this movie like what, three to three years ago? The movie that's coming out now? Yeah. So once I shot it and I was like, you know, I don't wanna wait for, for this to, to come and it's just like outta nowhere. I'm a, I got a movie. I wanted to put in some of my own work to me to have way. So in the process I started to do things. I created a short film called Nightmare on Cottonwood. That's like, it's over like 10 million views on YouTube. I put it on YouTube. It's like 20, 30 minutes long at Snet.


Funny. Marco Su, Keano, Charleston White, crazy ass few people, man. Who else? Ben The Dun. The one, the guy that was on. I know it is. Yeah. Ben The Dun. A lot of those guys was in that nightmare on Cottonwood short film, 30 minutes, smashed it. Then I did another short film last year called The Wash, where it was inspired by, you know Snoop? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I seen That. Yep. Snoop and Dre The Wash. I did a short film of that like around 40 minutes where it got, I got a cameo for Lil Wayne in there. I got Sue Kiana again.


Man. A lot of people bro. It is so many. It is like strong cast and it's curated and, and handcrafted, produced, directed. You know, shout out to Benmar and me. Like we really put those two things together. And then I also just did another film where I took 1.2 million of my own money and put it into it. I did a full link one and that I'm You ain't putting that on YouTube though? No. Hell no. I was about to say you can't do that because you gotta understand. Nah, not that one. I got a movie right now was on Tuby. Right. And it's called Blood Brother. But I ran it through the circuit. Like Tuby is just the last that, that is just the last outlet that Is hit.


But Tuby is real good. Yeah. But what I'm saying is I've ran it fucking through the circuit. Got my money back over like over and over and over again. You feel so with so many streaming platforms out here and that you could rent your movie out, you could, they could rent it, they could buy it. They could however they want. If they want it forever, they could pay this much. If they just wanna watch it one time, they could pay that much. So you saying you did, oh I did 30 million on this. If you did 600,000 just in rented and download sales to buy. See, and, and that's a great point.


You feel me? But the thing, the main thing that I wanted to do was like when I did the first two short films was like make it accessible to everyone. Yeah. I know. Like people could easily just hop on YouTube from kids to old elders and just get on YouTube and just see what's, you know, see what's going on and watch it. Right. Without having to pay a subscription or anything. But in the same token of me doing that, it creates more bang for my buck for once I come and sit down with a streaming service. 'cause I'm not finna just put one. You finna get lip brother number two. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? If I got a full link movie and y'all Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. The full length, you know what I mean? That's an hour and a half. But once I do the full link, I'm gonna say I got two siblings right here. Here. Yeah.


So I need all three. Right? Absolutely. And it Could be like, you know, it's way more bang and I already did good on YouTube, you know, my YouTube goes towards recoupment, you know, with my, with my contract. 'cause it's whatever. Yeah, Absolutely. I know what you're talking about. But the movie is still independently done. Yeah, it's still mine. Right. Yeah. So, you know, I can take it wherever. That's major now. Now moving forward, how, how's the music? How's the music you been working on? Man, ain ain't even gonna lie, bro. Like, like in the most humblest way.


I don't think too many women, bro. I knew you was about to say that I'm about to kill again because you ain't, because you just been killing ain ain't going alright. No, not even like think like, I know bro ain ain't nobody about me. But you have created how, what was the team involved, producers? Do you got, you know, producers, do you got any features? Like what was the whole team involved with this? The stuff that you got in the vault? Mm, I really been in the space of like, from a producer standpoint, whoever can bring the idea to life. Mm. I ain't looking for no big name.


I'm not looking for, I'm not looking for in the most humblest way. Like if it, if it, if it, if it works, it's a lot of dream producers I wanna work with for sure. But sometimes I just feel like if I feel like it's a, it's like a, I never want to feel like I'm begging somebody with me. And like, I feel like a lot of times some people overlook the marathon. I'm running to the point where it is like people that's temporarily right now and it's like scorching that that's pretty much their focus or their primary, which is cool.


I have nothing to do with that. But in the meantime I can't, you know, just wait for you to see where the gold is, if that makes sense. Yeah, yeah. So like from production, it is really, I've genuinely been producing, like I say, I want it like this, I want it like that. I'm not getting on the computer, but I want it like this. I need that there. We need keys here, we need that. So I'm getting hand in hand with whoever I feel is ready to bring the idea to life and I'm producing it if I, if I'm being a hundred. And then when it come to features, it's like, you know, you got the people that's like I said, they on, they on the high horse. It's cool. Live it out.


Not saying it is wrong, it's right, but I either wait for you or come around. But in the same token, I gotta find out who could get on this sign. That makes sense. So who could do this? Yeah. So like that's the creative process I've been in. But as far as outside of that, like by myself, I'm raw. Right? You don't need nobody. So like, but what I'm saying is I can't even picture no being on no high horse with you. And maybe they do sometimes maybe, I don't know. But like when I look at the young that's out here running the game, I look at you as one of the, that's at the top of the list For sure. So so it is generally like only two at the age standpoint. Right. And and what I'm saying is when I look at a motherfucker is running the game, right?


I'm not talking about streams man. I'm talking about how often are you booked because let's be for real, we live in a, in a, in a world now where most artists, not all of them, but probably 85, 90% of them make most money off of shows. So if you ain't booked, you really not the every time I look up you are booked. You are. And like I said, it's old, no Could be booked way more, but I'm just, she know, she know how that email look what email Crazy.


She know what them show prices going to. Right. It's getting to the point though. It's like I'm valuing my longevity and my rest to a point to where I don't want to be here, here and there. But if I, if I, if I, if I wanted to, I can have something to do every day of this whole year, every single day. Right? Right. But when you speak on the music I'm working on, Incredible. Well, if you, if you stay focused and you always in the studio and you 22 years old, you, you still four years away from your prom, bro, think about that.


Think about what you know right now. We 22 years old and you are smart, intelligent fucker man. Imagine where your mind going to be at and all you going to seen and much more you have done it the age of 26. Feel me? Yeah. So man, keep kicking the keep doing your thing. Keep doing whatever the you want to do out here. So that's what's most impressive to me. 'cause we only get one shot at the, So You feel what I'm saying? We only get one shot at this and when you die, they not pulling no U-Haul truck up behind you. The card with the casket with your money in it.


And they not pulling up the nine Bentleys to go into the grave with you. None of the jewelry. You only do the once Man. So litter up don't have no no mishaps. I ain't, when I, when I go, whenever I go, I mean I did everything man for so I ain't Shit. And I'm at peace with It. I'm at peace with it. Yep. Yep. You feel what I'm saying? It's the best Thing you can be Real talk. I'm at peace with it because I put the work in and I enjoyed it. Yeah. Don't, never not enjoyed it. You know what I mean? Because when you work as hard as we work to be successful, you have to enjoy that shit. Yeah.


You know what I mean? Yeah. Movies, music. What you doing next? You doing some for some clothes That ain't even run waist. I'm developing my own luxury clothing brand. Mm. Huge. I already see you got the sneaks, how they went? Sweet. Huge. Independently. Yeah. Black on. Yeah. Damn. That's what I'm talking about man. On the right path with It. I'm wanna give a shout out to everybody that's in the background too. That hold it down. Especially Mama Chop. She came right down. You got the crew out didn't she? She was wrong too. She was wrong like a motherfuck type. Hold up ain't answer Now. You know. Wrong. I'm like damn, mama ain. Ain't ain't never wrong.


Even when ain't wrong. You know me and your mama around the same age so she could be wrong with me. She can't be wrong with you. You dropped out the goddamn Damn. I, she she, she spit you out? She, she, she, she called me. Right. I said Ma, ain't no way you called me mama then you ain't locked in my phone. She said look, said ain't your phone ringing Nick. Hold on. Wait. She wanted to look and see. I said see Mama, you not locked in. I told you mama ain't no way you called me and I didn't pick up. She was on. So now yeah, she was on, I think she hit made a little body shot or something I had to show like, but shout out to mama man. 'cause she really be doing, she holding it down.


She be holding you down. Yeah man. 1000%. Yeah. Your pop too? Yes sir. Poppy having a little bit too much fun on stage. Yo. You already know this. Million dollars. Mworthofgame. This the biggest right here. The biggest young in the game? Yes sir. NLE, chopper, rapper, actor, artist, producer. Forget model. Director. Director. Most important Covid manufacturer, father. Most importantly a father. The Father Covid manufacturer. Yeah.


All that designer, Designer, Designer, dancer, dj. Yeah, He DJ too. He got so many, he got so many D, so many on his jacket man. Huh. Crazy. Shout out to my guy, chopper. And it's just like, damn. Right.