
Hey Million. dollars worth. Of game listeners You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube? Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right? You're now tuned into me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me. Million Dollars mworthofgame, presented by JackPocket.


This episode of Million Dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by JackPocket. Feeling lucky. We'll get ready to try Your Luck with JACKPOCKET America's number one lottery app with JackPocket. You can order Powerball and Mega a million tickets right here on your phone. Just whip your phone out. Oh, whip, whip, whip, whip, whip. You could play right there on your phone. They even have official state lottery games every day. There's up to millions up for grab right there on your phone. It's that easy. America's number one lottery app. It's right there on your phone. It's right there for you. New customers could get a free lottery ticket by using Code GILLIE. So download it right now. whip it out. Come on, come on, download it. Punch a code GILLIE and you get a chance to win some money. That's Code GILLIE for a free Powerball or Mega Millions ticket. Don't wait. Download JackPocket now for your chance to win. Good luck and don't forget to put that code GI in right Gambling problem. call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska 21 Plus in Arizona Void. Were prohibited. Promo code required for $2 non withdraw credit prize amount may differ at time of drawings. Terms JackPocket dot com slash toss slash free dash ticket dash promo slash


You down tuned into million dollars. mworthofgame. Yes. Listen. man. I was, I'm already coach. He will. He called me Coach. Coach. We had my coach Wao. Listen, we, we was out there balling. It was crazy. I was riding the bench. It was crazy. I was going to play, but I messed my ACL up. We was out in Pittsburgh. We had a great time. I mean, my man, we went out there to support Ham. It was just a great, you know, just a great, great adventure. But you know, you got a lot of stuff going on. you know, a lot of people know you for, you know how they know you. But you had a career before they got introduced to you on a large scale. How did, how you know, where was you at in your younger life when you said, I want to get into the theater, I wanna be an actor, I wanna get into theater.


And you also it. I said, I said it first before. I feel like Wallo. I must have been What's up? Good people. I wanna say that first. Thank you all, all the fans for the love. Thank you to Culture for Giving. Love to Wallo and my brother GILLIE. We still praying for this brother. Thank you sir. Lost his son. So thank you all. Culture first and foremost for me, Wallo, I'm gonna make myself four or five years old. I brought up acting to moms. I grew up 20 minutes from here to Georgia. Yeah. And she said I looked and there's some classes at the South DeKalb Mall and in my mind, bro, and y'all probably can relate to this, being from North Philly, in my mind, acting was synonymous with Hollywood.


Okay. Location wise included. So I'm like South DeKalb that, that don't fit the dream of Hollywood. So it just was athletics from that point on. It was baseball. Soccer was too easy when you're young and you just fast. That was kind of like boring. Winning into baseball really dominated most of my time in terms of sports. Dominantly were worth baseball. And then with football and then obviously I got a scholarship to play at University of Georgia. Played high school basketball Forint as well. So it became really, really that. But I realized something while I always had a pitch at for storytelling. And you said I was a poet. And so constantly writing, probably started writing at 11 years old.


Like really getting thoughts out. And I found myself going from Decatur all black Decatur to White Northwest Atlanta, Marist Academy. I'm probably one of eight, maybe one of 12 black people at the whole school. All white. And after I got my feet wet and I was comfortable being at the school academically, feeling Like I compete enough, but coming back home to an all black neighborhood, having to navigate that life. Yeah. And you think about that as the genesis for me. And then think about as you stated, while the world was introduced to me via a character where I'm juggling like at the genesis or the alpha or the beginning, I was juggling living between two different worlds.


And so there was a moment where sports became such a, I, I guess such a consistent thing that I wanted was you Got good in Sports. I was pretty good bro. Pretty. What was your favorite sport? Well, he went to Georgia. What was your favorite At that point? It probably was football. But Pops always says I was a better baseball player. What Position? Why? Everybody abandoned people Always abandoned baseball, man. My pop, especially black American men and It's guaranteed money in the longest career Pops was Like I. I feel like he was a better baseball player. But I became dominant in football. Really good. What position? Got so many defensive back and running back both ways in high school. Never really left field kickoff return pun return all special teams. So you was Travis Hunter before Travis Hunter.


What? Don't say that. That's ale Bro. Shout outs to Trav. Shout outs to Prime too. Yeah. you know some shit over there. So ultimately what happened was that pitch it that I speak about, about storytelling and having some kind of like gravitas toward it. I would ask these theater teachers at the school. Yeah. I would say, can I understudy? And they would go, no, 'cause you are all your time is on a, on a field, whether it was baseball or or football. And so, but they would let me look in. So I would come and I would watch theater and I go off to University of Georgia. I end up minoring in theater. Majored in broadcast journalism. You brought up journalism earlier.


'cause it's a great thing. Folks that wallow and GILLIE get to do something in a space where most of us in life are told to be able to execute or get to where they got. You must have proper training to get there. So they are anomalies. And there are books written about men like these two who become what they've become without having to have the formal training for that specificity of what they have become as journalists. Which is what you guys are for me, because they put me in a formal setting of being trained. That's a preparatory college preparatory school. I just started to understand my brothers that I was so much more than just this athlete.


And when you feel like you're walking around in life, knowing that's your secret, but also you're a black American kid, you go back to the neighborhood where everybody's black, you know that they're gonna be like, you change it on me. So there's a natural guilt that we all have when we feel like we're starting to, I guess be separated from the rest of the crowd. And so I, I might've taken the acting thing, even if I would sneak a couple peaks at whatever the, the play was for that year while I was in high school. I might've had this moment where I was stuffed away by the time I got to college. I'm in my last year. Champ Bailey is at Georgia at this point. Mm. Terrell Davis has been drafted. Ward is getting down. Robert Edwards, all y'all was on the team together. Everybody's on the same team. Mm. Crazy. Ron Bailey, champs brother, everybody.


Same team. That's a crazy team At this point. Travis Stroud, who ended up going to lead for a minute as well. Ran Godfrey. We had a crazy team. I started Kirby Smart, as y'all know. Yeah. He was on the team. Yeah. Cory Johnson. We had a crazy team. I started to think to myself, I should have a backup plan. And I think if you have a backup plan, you back up. But what if the backup plan, this was my thought, what if the backup plan was the first plan, man, what if that's the first plan. Right? And so ultimately the backup plan was absolutely the first plan. And y'all know how it goes. It'd be God's plan.


Let me ask you this though. And he wanted me to Do it. Would you, was you a natural off the top actor? Like you just Like I feel Like I must be. But don don't know what that is though. I'm gonna show you what it is. You tell me what it's like. I'm soon toing. I'm just going see because I think I'm an actor myself. We in it. We in it. So what's The scene? Alright, the scene is you miss St. Patrick's. I'm coming to you. I want to, I want to date your daughter. You don't like me. I wanna marry you. I'm coming to tell you that. Okay, cool. Got It. Alright. This is your security right here. I got it. I'm Security. Yeah, you the security. I come In I like that. It made you security. You, you security. I come, I Made my job easy. I Come, I come in, I walked. Alright. The door closed. No nigga. No, no, the door closed. So I'm in interior right. I'm in interior right now. Alright. Interior. How you doing Mr.


St. Patrick? I know. you know, there been a lot of things that I've done that you might don't like me dating your daughter. And I think I want to, I I wanna marry your daughter. I really love her. She's special to me. And I'm, I'm willing to work on to get it right. I'm want, I'm gonna change my ways to things you might don't like about me, but I really love your daughter. She's special. She makes me feel good. I just want to, I'm I'm asking your permission to marry her. You want me to run the bath? What The boss You Sorry. Running and see God, him at least is already rushing the fuck.


I get a hold of him, man. He did his already running. I'm done. What gonna do to me? Do you knee with A goddamn Hair dryer? Some. I feel He can go forward than that, but I can't hold it, man. He just already running. That's some acting shit. That's some big improv shit. He's already running to be able to catch Chad and just not let you. I think you gonna keep talking. he said no, it's already running. I'm in trouble. I'm done. But no, but no. How do you, like in this game? you know, so many people know you for that. It s it just so fucked up that like, have you ever had a chance Fucked up fancy with that shit?


Listen, have you ever had a chance, have you ever had a time where you be out here chilling this minding your business and somebody just be antagonizing you or getting on your nerve and you gotta turn in into Ghost real quick to say some ghost Shit to I think every Day, every day you telling about, fuck It's somebody every day And you just be like, you must don't like living. You know what, You know what happened? Shit like That. you know what happened the other night, you know, was a cat and I think the cat was a cool cat. We was in, we was in DC and I actually really hope he watches this. I I know he will because it's, it's you and GILLIE, so he'll absolutely fucking watch it. I got outta the car. This CBC Right?


Congression. Did y'all go, was y'all In DC? No, we was working. Y'all never not working. But y'all, y'all could have been doing, y'all could have had Biden. He just had, y'all could, had Kamala and Biden. I was running around on the tour and all. Yeah. He got a new book that came out armed the dangerous shout out to the number one book In the country. All with good intentions. Yeah. So What's the name of the book? All with Good Intentions That I love that. Especially knowing your history. Yes. So I get outta the car and with, with You in DC Yep. And I got a GILLIE with me. I'm making you security GILLIE. Okay. So I got a GILLIE with me, who's from DC and the rest of my guys and he's, he's screaming Go back at Ghost. But it's not, but it, but it's, but it's so, it is so, it's so loud.


You you trying to chill though. You're just trying to, you're trying to go ahead and support what's Going on. That was it. That was it. Jada. I was trying to what? Jadakiss Yeah, Jada and the, and the locks was on Right Styles Ghost the other ghost. The other ghosts. The other ghosts. Yeah. I'm just trying to support them. Yeah. So I'm getting in there. They've been friends for years. Jada's always been my bro. I know you and Wallo probably make a top 20 lyrics, if not a top 15 lyricists of all time. Top five. Top five. So Jada's an incredible friend and I just, I hadn't seen him in a while. I just wanted to hug him. Sometimes you just want to get to your cats to hug him. You might literally go, I can't to hug you, nigga I'm out. Literally so that they can go. They, you know, He came, he Supported me. That's it. So he's screaming so loud, which is gonna, you know, so when I got up there, I tell, tell us what you tell me.


I I said, bro, I said, bro, why you? And he and he pulled up for it while he pulled up, seemingly he pulled up for the, okay, what's up man? Yeah. He pulled up like, okay, you got lessons from me. He, he was there with it. And, and I said, bro, and, and then he and then he went past it and he went, are you really dead? And it, and remember we are, we are. But human bro. So Wado, if I'm having a conversation with your cousin about your nephew who's no longer in the flesh. Yeah. He's here. GILLIE. He's here Bubba. He's just not in the flesh.


If I go from an event that he and I are having that rap to another event, what's forgotten, bro, is that the actor is never really acting. The the good actor is not acting. The good actor can't act. The bad actor acts. The bad actor acts. Okay. The good actor becomes so that you guys reach through the TV or the film. Yeah, the cinema. And you go, I want that I like that bring that I want him. I know him. I I am him for you all though. You a Little strong the man. So when you, so when you feel like you, you're pulling in particularly your culture. We, we, we started out at Black Cafeteria table.


We all started out at that. So I always want us together. Always. So I wanted him with me. I went and gave him direct eye contact. I was like, bro. And, and then, but then when you talk about death, so I had to say it. I said, bro, why you talking death around me? And and that's the reference wall. Like if I'm talking to yo because about about Yeah. Like why You, meaning you never know what someone's coming from. Yeah. Maybe I just had a conversation about that. So don't, it's been when No and brave around. Those are my kids. While they hear people going, are you dead? They hear people go, yo you dead. It's like, people forget this person's human. And he's probably heard that at that moment for the 7,500 times.


Right? All we hear is the same thing that somebody thinks they're saying for the first time. Right. We've already heard it so many times. So I just found the, the kid cool. I would've never pulled up and tried to say something to him. I understand that it could come off arrogant that you pull up, but it can equally come off arrogant that you just think you can yell my name at the top of your lungs. Right. That, that it's the same thing. Right. It's deep. So dude said to me, so then he kind of went there and I said, bro, why are you talking deso with me? I asked vulnerably bro. That's all I said. Checked in with my homies afterwards. That was off. They were like, nah, you just asked that. So dude said, you know, fuck around, beat your ass.


Beat. He told, he told you that. He told you that light went on. What happened? What You tell him? So I walked off before he said it. And so he's saying it with my back turned, which is the first moment of like, ah, he's a kid. This is crazy. So I turned around, I said, what'd you say? My, what you say was a loving bridge. What'd you say? It was a loving, it was a loving bridge. Say to let him while I walk across and at least show me that you could look me in my face and say that to me. when I said, what'd you say? He turned away and said it.


He couldn't look me in my eyes. So I knew I was like, hell, I'm dealing with a soft kid. And if he's watching this interview, I'm saying soft and not, I'm not saying it in a negative way. I'm saying this is a kid who actually, he's sincere. I knew that he had love for me. I wasn't confused about that from the gate. Right. I knew he had love for me and I had love for him, but now all of a sudden he's feeling like I'm sunning him. And you know, a lot of the younger generation, they have a right to feel sun. 'cause you got me and GILLIE were talking about this off script, off camera. We were talking about how many elders will go at the youth instead of embracing the youth and whoever has the baton now or the ball now or the rock.


Like, don't do that. They got it. They gonna help us get to the next spot. So I'm never that, I'm so about this, that cat was definitely younger than me. 'cause he ain't 50 years old. Yeah. Nigga, whether I play 35 or nine, I'm truly five. Oh right. I'm 50 years of age. He's not that. So I, it was almost like my my what you say was, first of all, don't get it twisted. I can't play that character on accident, nigga. What did you Say? Fucking Accident. But what did you do? What was the response? Did you Go I just, I stared at him. I just wanted him to come across the road. He didn't, of course not. He walked the other way. Yeah. I, no, no. Lemme ask you question. He didn't, he walked the other way. But he, but, but I want that brother to know I love him man.


Like, I wanted to leave him with that. Like, bro, I love you. Don't do that. You can't love me ghost. And then go, I beat your ass. That shit is weird. Right, right. That's a, that's a weird moment. But, so yeah, in that Kid's defense, you played a role that was so good. Do you know how That he should intimately want a moment with me? What he's lacking is the vulnerability to be able to say, I'm gonna wait till he gets on the carpet and then I'm gonna go, you played a role that was so important to me, bro. You did so much for me. I would've asked the security to let him in. I have hung with him all night.


That's who I am. Gil. Yeah. When you yell out, when you yell out, this was you now sharing me with everybody. Right. You right. If you want me intimately and it, it saved to me how much you respect me. Why are you yelling it out? Amari? Let me, let me push shit into perspective. Okay. I need it. I need the perspective. I need to learn. It's Game of Thrones. Okay. It's right here. They were there, right? They were there. you know, what was the next highest watch thing for six years? It was Power after Game of Thrones. Yes sir. It was ghost. I fuck around with a C. But those what I see. But, but, but, but GILLIE. If I said, yo, I'm here, bro. I'm here.


You've gone quiet and you would like yo damn mother fuck with you, nigga, you killing that shit. What happens for me, Wallo is I don't talk about the youth negatively. I just am so confused in an adverse way. I so talk about them positively that I'm giving them permission to never be about that thing that you, me and Gi and our age group heard for a minute and it was a season of it, probably like five to 10 years. Yo no homo, I fuck with you. No homo. Why? You need to give a preemptive disclaimer. What the hell is that? Yeah. Just deal with me though. We, we weren't raised with no harm. No. So he didn't verbalize that. But that's what you are essentially saying. Whereas GILLIE would go Like, I ain't Dick Rod. I'm just Saying GILLIE would've leaned in and go, I don, I'm drunk.


So that's all he could, he could've gone. Yeah. I'm tripping man. My fault. I didn do that out. He didn't. He went here with it. And it it is. And so there's moments when you ask. It's a great question. While there's moments during the day where, where that comes out. And I, and I get it, bro. I give grace to our people. We, we angry. We were born behind the black ball. The motherfucker black ball is eight ball. Absolutely. But we born behind the ball the same color as us. Right. I give Grace, bro. I get to say, yo, what'd you say to me? I get to say that. Yeah, because I, nigga I grew because he was, he was disrespectful. That's disrespectful to me. You can't love on me and then say, nigga, I beat your ass. I wanna Ask both of y'all something. Good question for all three of us, man. And then I'm gonna get into more of the business side of, Of acting.


This episode of Million Dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by DraftKings td Touchdown Tudy, taking it to the house. Infa six, whatever you like to call a touchdown. One thing's for sure Touchdowns matter more. A DraftKings sports book and official sports book partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from special teams or defense. We don't care how they score 'em. We wanna bet on touchdowns and Draftking Sports book is delivering Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Or how many tds will be in a game? Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick ready to do your touchdown dance on your own new DraftKings customers bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. So there's bet $5. And get 200 look at the math on this $5 and 200 in bonus bets. And all you gotta do is put in promo code GILLIE. I'm looking out. We about your phone right now. Download the DraftKings app, put in promo code GILLIE BET $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. What are we waiting on? The crown is yours. Time to put it on right. DraftKings Gambling problem. call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. Bonus beds expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/ft ball.


Who would you be? Business. Oh okay. Nah. Who would you be If you had to choose, If you had to choose all three of y'all? Prince Michael Jackson, Rick James, I'll be Prince. I just gotta get, I gotta get purple ring was My thing Dude. So you, we fighting for one of the three Y'all M Saying leather pants. Cheeks out Don count because he Prince. So you going with Prince? I get that. Yeah. Don't count the chief out. You Be Rick James, huh? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. James Brown. Oh, James Brown. No, no. I just said three. I said I thought you said James. I said no excuse. I thought you said James Brown. If I did. I meant to Say Rick. Well no, you said James Brown nigga. I'm going You can't do That. You that James, Rick. You can't.


But you can't do that. You can't throw Rick in. Now you said, I thought you said Rick. he said James Brown Or Rick. I said Rick, I think I said Rick. Rick, thank you. I said Rick, so I'm mj. He said Yeah, I'm Rick because now I need, I need your best MJ impersonation now. You got it. No, no. You gotta mix. You gotta be saying gotta make some noises and some shit. Gotta, you gotta really be a actor Shut. No, That was, that was wild. Okay. Hey you dark dude, Rudy Mo that, That's Richard. What the fuck? You know who James Rick James Is? What was Rick James joint Super Freak. Oh, this bull man. He talking about Little Richard.


She's a super freak. Super freak. He super freaking Now go right in. You did it. You did good. He fuck wrong with you. Y'all gave me the hardest one. I got this raspy ass baritone voice you gave me, Mike. Let see that's what he did. That's, that's what Prince did. Why'd you pick Prince? Because Prince was a legend because No, they all three are legends. Prince because in jail he, he had the system instruments, right? He had the J with the As cheek cut out. No, he did play. He Played everything. I know he did. But I, I think I liked 'cause he was, he was to his himself. He was in gifted. Andy went to against the music industry. Yeah, he did. Yeah he did. He went against the music in energy.


I did. So you're saying Prince was a rebel, but they all do. No. Michael's a rebel. No, Michael was a re slick Rick. I mean Slick Rick. Well, slick Rick. Shout out to Slick too. But you gotta say Rick James was a rebel. Yeah. If you started out your impersonation that way, The way he started, Rick ain't care. But No, no, but no like, you know, on another note, I wanna know a lot of people in the now in the culture is starting to try to understand cinema. The business side. A lot of people you see Tuby, a lot of people is doing they thing, the Detroit people, they out there making all them Tuby movies. Shout out to Detroit, they doing it major on Tuby and everybody's getting in.


They getting cameras. The camera went from this big to the phone. Yeah, it's true. And you Can shoot a, you can shoot a series. You can shoot a film. You can shoot. It's True. Really true. What is the business side of it? Because it seemed like, if you look back, and this is just the whole business side. When we look back at Good Times, Jeffersons, what's hap when we look back all our stuff, a lot of times you hear horror stories of the actors in the pay scale. Lack of ownership wasn't executive producers. The only time I heard somebody that really get it, it was two shows. It was friends and it was Seinfeld. Seinfeld. When you heard about getting a million dollars of show friends, they was getting, I think all of 'em was getting like everything was getting, you don't hear about So, so but could if you going into it and sometimes people go into these, these roles and when they go into the roles, they don't be who they become.


Say that, say that last part again. Some people go into these roles and before they go into the roles, they don't be who they wind up Becoming. They're not, they're not not through the role. They're not saying, you're saying they're not aware of who they are before getting the role. Not They not aware. They don't become, they they're not, when they first enter it, they not who they become. Okay. Okay. Through that Role, through that platform. Okay. Through the, and it's like a lot of times they don't have no negotiation. That's right. They don't have no, they don't have no where you going. They don't, they don't, residuals don't be there. Like sometimes when I hear about the shows and I hear about the back end talking to some lawyers, I'd be like, what? They was only getting what they wasn't getting no residuals. Because Sometimes people gotta take the opportunity, The opportunity, but sometimes they forget the opportunity once they get to the, to, to the park level Become to the next level.


Correct. So, so gimme the game of, well Both of y'all, that was Gimme the game of how do you Nigga that was nice. How Do you approach This? That was some Michael Scotty shit just Out there. Okay. How do you, how do you approach this shit? So If you are act man, you're talking to the UN and come you game. Yeah, yeah. So they can had a paperwork. For sure. For sure. I said to, I said to many to to to to many people very close to me that my destination would be producing. Okay. when I said that, I didn't make that acting wouldn't be a part of that destination. Okay. I never made it that it wouldn't be a part of it.


I have an understanding that a director, let's say if the director is Phil Jackson, right? The producer is, if if we go with Chicago, knowing what they made Michael feel like Michael should have never retired with the Wizards, right? Because Michael, Jeffrey Jordan should be able to retire with Chicago. Chicago. So if Jerry Krauss and rdo and those guys, for example, Wallo are the producer. Okay. And Phil's the director and Tex winners does what he does. The triangle offense, whatever. Those are position coaches, right? But, or, or you know, coordinators right? In football, be defensive, offensive coordinator, what have you. Specialist coaches and the player is us the actor.


That's your point. Yeah. The player is us. I do understand how a Denzel and a, and a Clint Eastwood and a and and and, and all the way down to Carrie Washington when she's Olivia Pope on on Scandal. She was very surprised. I never directed anything on, on on Power. Any episode. That's a, that's a large range. Clint, Denzel, Kerry, Washington and all the other Virginia King. All of these incredible people of directorial ability, not just actor ability. I could absolutely understand Nate Parker when he was directing Birth of a Nation and acting in it.


Yeah, I can absolutely understand why an actor would feel Like. I can go direct because every day your interaction is with a director. Your interaction is not a daily interaction with that of a producer. Your daily interaction obviously is taking direction. Yes. So for me, the approach for any of the young cats, young, young ladies out there, young men out there, particularly black, brown, yellow, red, all of us, same color in this example. All the same color. The reality is, I'll start with your cousin's point. What Gilley's getting at Wallo is, but they can't go there yet.


Wallo goes, fuck all that. Gilley keeps taking your hand that you keep moving north and he keeps going. They're not there yet. They keeps moving it. They're not there yet. The reality is Wallo, both of y'all are saying the same thing. You must always be in movement forward even when you're not allowed to be forward yet, if you're in movement forward, even when not allowed to be Forward, There is almost an expectancy once to this cousin's point. You get the leverage is the word leverage. Yeah. I ask Nova Brave every day, Nova's 12 and November Brave's nine years old. I say Nova brave.


What do people always fight for in romantic relationship? In friendship, friendship, relationship and and business relationship. Love what? What a mom and papa fighting for that. You guys see us actually in fights or arguments over, they go leverage papa because I've said it so much. Wallo, I've said it so much. GILLIE every day I say it at some point 'cause they come home with these stories about school and particularly, you know, the battles amongst young women at times, right? You got daughters, why do you got daughters? You got Yeah I got, yeah I got daughters. Yeah. So when you get to those moments where you are able to talk to all genders, all sexual orientation, all religious belief create constitutes the same sort of lesson, which is everybody is fighting for leverage.


My leverage at that point when I have finally earned my keep to Gilley's point about, but they didn't start at a place where they could demand that. Right? But then they got to that place. My leverage is that I kept moving to that place. Yes. So no matter how much wallo they move you back, they almost become not expected, but they almost become trained. He's gonna go for this, she's gonna go for this team less expect it. Well if you play your cards right, which is a different sort of navigating for black people. But equally, we all had grandparents that said the same thing. Y'all's grandparents in Philly, mine in Savannah, Georgia. While I was raised in Decatur, Georgia saying you gotta be five times better.


You gotta be five times better. You gotta be five times better than your colleagues who don't look up your skin color. So if I'm having to be five times better Wallo, it's too late in the game homie for me to try to move forward. If I wasn't moving forward when they were saying stay back, I still gotta be moving forward when they're saying, stay back. Yeah man.


This episode of me and Hours mworthofgame is brought to you by can say hi to Can social tonics, can social spikes their seltzer with weed. Each can is blended with five simple clean ingredients to deliver the perfect buzz. A buzz that doesn't backfire. Canned comes in three award-winning flavors, blood, orange, cardamon, lemon, lavender and grapefruit. Rosemary can comes in a variety of doses for every drinker ranging from two milligrams to five milligrams Tac C. So what I need you to do right now is head over to Drinkcan dot com. That's drink CAN n.com used promo code game 30. That's game 30 to get 30% off your order and get free shipping. And I'm tell you something about can give you that perfect buzz that you need. you know, I mean just crack you be feeling nice and litty, you hear me? So head over to Drinkcan dot com right now and get yours.


Right. And you gotta do it in a way where part of being five times better is knowing code switch when to say certain things, what rooms to say certain things in, when not to say certain things, when to be elegant, when to keep around the way, around the way when to keep it tr when to keep around the way. Run the way around the way when to say to young black people, I am the total antithesis and I speak equally for GI and a wallo in saying this, I'm the antithesis of someone who is a pretentious, arrogant, natured person doing something. So to come off or do or or or to present myself as better. What I am is someone who wants the cats that are round away wallo.


Even if we gotta keep a round away around away mentality included. That's what you really mean. Yeah. But the the actual literal cats that we grew up who are still on the block, who might be giving hate to you and GILLIE, even though that's love, haters inverted love. Yeah. They should just cut to the chaser and just fucking drink the shit I love, man. I miss you man. Please Just do that. Yeah. Because it's, it is love. They not sleeping or wasting the night not sleeping, thinking about you if they didn't actually have love for you. Right. So if it's a round way literally cat that you grew up with, or if it's a around the way mentality, keep around the way around the way word or keep it around the way. Keep it a buck. Talk in the way you need to make your point. Even if grandma rolling over in a grave going, baby, you could have been a little bit lighter with that sometimes Grandma's going, nah, you gotta go.


They really went at you. So the reality is when I say, I'm speaking for you to include it, I know that we are in positions that we are in with a major understanding. Not a minor, not an average understanding. Mediocrity is not in this example. It's a major, my nigga major understanding. I am only doing this so that people who look like me can believe that they too can do it. Yeah. That that is the only reason. Right? It it, it's not a separation of state. I'm wanting to be next to them. As in No bro, I can't continue to play Ghost to I'm 70 years old.


I I understand that it feeds your soul. I get it. But if it feeds your soul, he didn't make me, I made that character. So then that means I feed your soul. Wait for it. Wait for what? Mr. O just wait for all the things ahead. And by the way, while waiting for it, you might find one of those roles equally appealing to your soul. You might go, I waited for it and actually that one spoke more to who I actually am than the one he played that I used to go crazy about. Right. Leveraging is everything. But there's never a moment while where people, and you know this and I love that you threw this lob 'cause it's for the people. There's never a moment that you can't be in movement. You have to be in movement. Who would you would've been in the, in the, in the, like who would you would've been?


Which one of 'em you would've been in New Edition. That Would've That's an awesome question, bro. Right now you gotta come on. I overthinking. I'm not overthinking. And I just saw Ronnie the vote the other night. It's not Ronnie. My answer's not Ronnie. I'm, I'm probably Ralph Treant meets Bobby Brown. I get Michael Bivins. I get that you probably like Michael Bivins a businessman though. But I'm an artist. I'm still an artist. So you go, so who figured out business as the artist? If Ralph and Bobby are the artist though, Bobby figured it out. Bobby might not have had a level of maturity enough to understand what to do with the leveraging that he had. Which one of us would be Pooky and who would be G Money? Shit. I Oh, shut up man.


Fucking Talking about you'd be Pooky. Fuck you talking about. No, he wouldn't be Pooky. Thank You. What? So I'll be Pooky. No Damn. Oh, you gotta pick you. You can't mix it up. There's only two of, there's only two of us in there. Two slot. I'll be Pooky. No, you're not in it. Pooky. Thank you. That's all I that's all I need to know. You just gonna throw me G Money was smoking. He was smoking too. Yeah, He was. No, he was all smoking. Yeah, he was all smoking. Who's more passionate? You or GILLIE? I know who is more passionate. I'm not asking. That's spooky. No, He's Spooky. I am more passionate. No, I'm telling. But But you feel like you're more passionate than Wallo. No, He is not. Yes I am. I Feel like Wallows more passionate. I feel like you, I feel like you love life. I feel like this nigga's pa Let me.


tell you something. See, Wallo was very passionate because Wallo feel as though a lot of time he was sitting in jail 20 Years, bro. Yeah. He Lost a lot of time out here where he could be doing Great shit. Do do you think that he would be lesser passionate if them 20 were out here? Yes. Absolutely. Do you think that Maybe see because because Tom, freedom, freedom can deteriorate. You see the only one, one thing that I had when I Freedom can deteriorate you. He can deteriorate you like this. when I had, and let me break this down. I wouldn't in the penitentiary. 17 came out 37. If fortified in the protected my imagination. If I was out here, my imagination would've got deteriorated by life loss. Heartbreak lost a job trying to figure out anything street shit.


Interesting. I'm telling you, because of people. 'cause your brother o works off of imagination. You do, but you not everybody, the average person can hold it that long. Okay. They can't fortify them. Protect their imagination. That's a great point. You, you, you know how you, you 50. That's a great point. You 50 but you like, I'm ready to do this. Dude's do. Yeah. Some people, some people's Like. I'm 50, I'm going and go to work together. That's it. I'm not doing nothing else. So that's cool for that. That's It, that's it. That's What week. And then me and my friends don't get together. We gonna go to a corner bar. And by the way, those, and those are the cats I love, bro. Now I love when the blue collar working his ass off my drop goes. You are my guy. Oh, I love That. And that's it. And they cool with that. But let me explain something to you. The reason I asked you about the movie thing, I'm mean just to thing, because right now we got a time where these cameras has got everybody shooting and they figuring it out.


So there's leverage. They they, they got. So there's leverage. And the reason I'm asking that because alright, for instance, Gil, I remember one time he got, he got this one movie called Blood Brothers. Where's though it'd just be snapping out all. And and, and this is important of ownership. It's a movie that he own. It's on some platform. We gotta be of ownership. It it, yeah. It is a movie he own. It's on some pla platforms. It's on Tub. Right. But it's on Tubby. But it snaps and he get these checks. It snaps like every month and a half and it just snap and it just checks to be like crazy. They come, they Come. So, so, so what I'm saying is I didn't even ask him because you, you want to get different. I know what He can tell me, but you wanna get different outlets and understanding for them because you got people that shooting their stuff. But once they shoot it, they don't know how to license it.


Correct. They have it all. Have it dis Distribute it. They like deliver it to the world. You Like, what is it? Is there an independent distributor that you could put it in and they could just say, we gonna get you stuff everywhere? Sure. What's the name of that? Is it the name of that? Sure. There, there's by y'all know Byron Island. Incredible. C you know Byron? Yeah. Byron Island. I know that By Byron is for a very long time been that facilitating opportunity for, but a Lot of people don't know how to get to Byron. That's why I'm actually Absolutely. Is it a platform? Because 'cause you ain't gonna get to Byron Island Not getting No, You can't. So so what I'm saying is, what I'm asking Is you mean a technological platform as Uploading into it uploading and it For shit. You fucking YouTube. It is crazy. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's not what I'm saying.


You got YouTube and when you go on this phone, you got Hulu, you got Netflix. Okay, I got got all these Peacock, you got all these different platforms. There's no Way, there's no, you don't have one. There's gotta go one for one. No, I'm saying you're making a great point. There is no way that you can go through them. They're not permeable to the point where you could penetrate their system. And all of a sudden Tuby is showing this project that a young gifted cat or a young gifted gal might've made around the corner, but they can't go. Tuby. You're gonna show my shit that's next. That you're gonna show My shit need. Because see, that's the next big thing we need. Huge. Because in the podcast space, huge, huge. We upload, we can go through Bell Sprout course and say, okay, we wanna put our podcasts out. We wanna go through Buzz Sprout. Wham, it's everywhere.


So here, so here's the thing. So then that leads us to this point. One of the greatest sources of business. And I say this to all the young cats who come up and ask me questions of you, ask advice. I say cats, meaning young ladies too. If they ask me for wisdom, I, I say, you know, it's tough for me, bros. when I hear like, can you, can I make you think I can make it? That's tough for me because if, if you're asking me if I think you can make, you can't. Okay. So that's tough for me, Kelly. So I appreciate You. You can't, you can't make it. You can't not if you, you Don't even believe you. Yeah, because I've never asked myself, you Can't do this. You can never ask that. So that's the first thing. But then there's another thing that I, that I say often and it, and it's what, what, what advice do you have to give me?


I say training, crafting is everything. It does not mean that wallow was not at point's train in a 20 year span of imprisonment. It does not mean that Gilley's life experience via v's. Experiential wisdom that thusly comes out from that. Not wisdom. Wisdom. God put wisdom on earth before light. Wisdom floats. Some of us are born with pain, some of us are born with wisdom. We collect pain along the way. We can collect wisdom along the way. But some of us come outta the womb with that shit, which is a gift. But to have experiential wisdom is priceless. 'cause you get to talk to somebody about what you've been through and their relatability now is the thing that allows you to pull up and go, there's a relatability.


Not only that you are granted, but they also are granting you a relatability. Right? 'cause they stay along for the lesson. They didn't move away from the lesson. Right. I'm saying, I always say exclusivity is everything. What you mean Mr O what you mean, ghost? Whatever that you gotta be the only one in the room that can do what you can do. But is you also saying that with your platform, is you also saying that with your, with your intellectual property, with this movie we created or this series we created? Yes. And you saying I should only have it on Hulu. Nope, That's it. Nope. Nope. Not not saying that. It's gotta be so exclusive that it's so good that it's possible for certain bigs that you couldn't reach otherwise to not pull up.


At one point Nipsey said to Snoop, y'all don't frisbee my shit. Now that's a great entry. Don't frisbee my shit. Y'all know what he meant. Don't Frisbee it. But it's a great entry. He gave it the game. Same type of thing. It's a great entry because it stands out. J Cole went to those stoops of Def Jam records all the time while at St. John playing hoop from Fayetteville, North Carolina. Put that disc there and said Sean, Corey Carter a K, Jay-Z. Well J Cole's one of the greatest MCs ever. Nipsey's one of the greatest poets ever. Right? Am I wrong? GILLIE? Guo? No, you're one's a phenomenal poet. One's an incredible poet mc.


Incredible. So at some point, both of them pulled up Snoop, that is Calvin Brodis governmentally, Sean Corey Carter govern Elite. They pulled up and went, oh, this is exclusive. This is some different shit. This is some different shit. Yeah. So to so to to that point, Wallo leveraging is being so dynamically different that it's undeniable that somebody, so when the podcast space is what the podcast space is and you guys aren't formally crafted and or trained, and our age group doesn't really know what the fuck a podcast is. I had one Wallo. I had poetics. Yeah. It was only on a specific luminary platform, Gil. Which is why you didn't know about it enough. Right? But all the way from Curtis to Rhapsody to Young Paris, to Fat Joe, to Marsha Ambrosius to Dark Child.


Right? Everybody was on it. Everybody was on it. Right? Talking about lyricism, what truly is lyricism? The start of the song lyrically is the start of their life story lyrics. Just follow it. But you, we didn't know podcasts. You and GILLIE didn't know podcasts. And all of a sudden somebody goes, Wello, you did a 20 piece. Come here there GILLIE. I don't know what you're gonna do with the pain that you feel from Sun being passed away and all the things you've been through shot included growing up. A young Irving kid in North Philly, a black kid had that come here, there y'all went What podcast? Our age group didn't know it. Right? But all of a sudden y'all are right there with all the other great podcasts. Why? Because Wallo, you and GILLIE bring in exclusive story.


You bring a story that is undeniable. It's harder in the film business is harder to, to cross the bureaucratic red tape to go, here's my exclusive thing. But it has been done. Is it money? Is it, is it it has Been done. Is it money in the film business? Now? Now listen, Is there money in the No, no. As an actor That's not Denzel. That's not Will Smith. Like is it reasonable money? Because we Looked at you gotta produce Now because we looked at what's name and he said for the show I thought that was the, the living colors and all the stuff. And I mean 11 Color, Damon, Wayne, Kennedy, And Damon. I mean, what's the name that this was on the Joe Mar.


What was it? Mar Mar Mar Mar Marlin said they was trying to give us 70,000 to stay and backdoor brother. I'm like 70, 70,000 a week. No, no. 70,000 for the, I think for the movie don don't know if it was a week. Okay. Okay. But, but, but think about it. I'm looking at it and when you hear the whole, They offered Seinfeld 5 million to stay on with their cast 5 million a year. Jennifer Aniston at some point while married to Brad Pitt was making more essentially than Brad was making in certain, in certain ways. If you put That's What I'm saying. She was at 30, they did 36 episodes while she was at 30. Obviously Uncle Sam takes agent takes yeah. Manager takes publicist takes He still walked away with 15, 16 million easily Homie.


Easily A year. And then when they offered Seinfeld, Seinfeld said, no, you forgot my leverage. They, because then they were like, oh shit, we should, he caught wind and they were trying to get rid of the show. He caught wind and all he needed was that I respect that he caught wind. Like all of a sudden you're coming in catching the vapors, rest in peace. Bismark like, nah bro, Seinfeld had a right to go. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Give that to another show that need don don't need that cash. And, and Jerry Seinfeld has become Jerry Seinfield. But, but, But for us, It very different for us Because because we, we we very different for us. I never, it never been some of our greatest actors that never had a horror story. Most people had horror stories, especially from the, from the sitcom TV shows our greatest sitcom because A lot of us, I've never in life as an actor made the merit metric numerical as it pertains to, to, to, to money.


I have never made the money be fitting in my opinion of what, because I have an understanding of of, of metrics. Was It reasonable? Was the money reasonable Course? Absolutely. But What's the most you ever mind? But it's, what's the most you ever made? I mean, your cousin would say it's not GILLIE said it's not reasonable. Or if you're the second most watch face on television, You're supposed to be the second most high State. You're the second most watch. He's doing numbers. So You say you're doing like football and all this, like It's just numbers. Listen bro, everything, everything to me is like Yeah, if Pat Mahomes is, where is that? Then another quarterback similar should Go, I forget what that's called. Like, like for me everything is like a record contract. Even when we was going into the podcast, I said, 'cause this shit like a record contract, we gonna get x amount of money, whatever money we get up front, we gotta recoup that.


After that we going to go 60 40 on merch. We gonna go 70 30 on ads. That's right. That's right. That verbiage is right. This shit is like a record contract. So it's like, okay, I'm the second highest watch motherfucker after the game. Six years of thrones, six years, bro. We talking about fucking Game of Thrones bro. It's Game of Thrones. And then it's me. How much you was getting paid and how much you, you thought you were supposed to get paid. Well, I Didn. Well the much you supposed to get paid is, it wasn't. That shit is astronomical. Yeah, it's Not. It doesn't, it Is it, you can't even put a number on that shit. You know, you know what it is. Sometimes Wao, sometimes it's just being able to say, we in here, you did a great job with that skit.


Wao we back you, you not trying to date my girl. Now we b we back date your daughter. My daughter. We, we just, we just Italian. Italian or or Jewish mob now. Alright, What I'm playing, You are playing somebody giving me the number of what word, word is bond. A very Jewish terminology and thought we don't need a contract. Right? Right. Word is bond, right? You're just giving me a number. You're giving me a, I'm gonna tell you a number. Yep. No, no, no, no. You're just passing a number to me. Just slide a number. Sometimes for me, Wallo, when I grab that, if I turn it to the people I trust, that's that.


It's not, you get it. What GILLIE just did says it all. It's not always about it. It's, it's sometimes bro business is just love. Just show me respect. It's not love. Let me take that away. Like is underrated to like somebody is underrated model. I mean to like somebody is pretty special. We love a lot of motherfuckers that we don't necessarily like, but to respect that king. Yeah. That's officially the older we get. We respect, Respect, respect. And you did 20 and you did 20 and you did 20. I already know, I already know. And sometimes I didn't do 20. Sometimes when you Turn My manager here with me right now didn't do 20. Why you, the camera operators watching it. They didn't do 20, I got friends that did 20.


You did 20 homie. So you understand respect at a whole other level. So sometimes respect is simply, and I go and then I look back at you, whether you're playing Gilley's role or or Gilley's playing your role in this scene right now, if I look at you, and especially with you knowing what's respectful and you know numbers. Now if you look back at me and you go and you gimme a nod and I trust you. I've delegated you as someone who can give me your opinion as to whether this is feasible and reasonable. If, if, if you go like this and go, then I go, got it. I actually don't even need to look at the number. If your people go is good, but not if your people don't know money.


If your people know money, then your people get to go. Ah, not then I don't look crazy, right? We should never be the bad guy. Certain interviews we're never set up for me to come off as the bad guy. But when we talk money, you can't into the world. That particular world that we grew up in, more so that particular world we grew up in understands money, right? And value right? And what a network was getting right. Or a Sony was getting right or Paramount was getting right. Or until, you know what the top up tops were getting, right? Because a lot of times Then you can't really speak about what the bottom or the middle or whatever we're not right?


Getting or should be happy about getting. I'm always happy. Count it all. Joy. You asked perfectly wallow. Was it respectable? Of course it was respectable. Alright, so, but not once you get to a place where, what's been gained by your services, getting a team down the field. Yeah. Not when what's been gained for the company by getting your team down. The field is not matching of your ability to do three step drops, cut across, throw under hand. Do Showing this, this what Gil did you see what you just said? This was GILLIE right here. What did GILLIE say? This was a bit more right? You see this date, right? You ain't gotta Get my glasses, bro.


No, you got 'em right there. I'm gonna read all this. Lemme Go back to it. Right here. So right here, thanks Stones. This right here. This, this started a bit war. That was that day, right? This is GILLIE right here. This is me and this is GILLIE. And I'm gonna tell you they offered this 10. I ain't gonna say no names. No, Go back. Go back. You see right here. Go back. No, go back. Just be free. These Go back. We went all the way down. Go Back. Because if you, yeah, We ain't gonna say no names. No, no. We not saying names. No, but, and, and by the way, in this, let give you, Let me give you the what, what happened. Okay? They sent over a offer. It was for 10 million. Yes. You could see me. I'm fucking laughing. And I'm, he's Laughing. 'cause it's a respect thing.


We know our leverage you offer Look at Million dollars. Lemme lemme look at it. And then I'm gonna show you the next offer after that. You, yeah, I see what you're doing. Your response. You see mines I'm, and then he and then right here. Look. Look. And then it go right here. The same day, July. Look later on that day. Look at that one. So, you know, they was playing at first. They Always playing. The other people come like that. So what GILLIE, so what, so what? And I said this to, to Fred, when I finished Pivot, I said, Fred, that's gonna become clickbait.


We had such a beautiful interview. You can't bring up money at the end of an interview. Yeah. Because we don't have time to talk about it. So the reality is, I am so forever grateful and humble to all jobs had. This is not at all talking about power and stars because It's leading To producer. I'm not leads to producer. And I'm not talking about power and stars. But it's Leading to Producer. Yes, that's what you said. But listen to me, Bubba, I'm talking about the entirety of the 20 year career. when I walk down the street, GILLIE and Wallow would start to cry knowing that Omari definitely has not been paid parallel to our inability to walk 15 blocks, if not five blocks down the street with him.


We can't walk. Now at that point, Gillian Wallo also being stopped. So now it's a difficult walk 'cause you two have become famous. But at some point, if you walking down the street with me and you're not, and, and, and Wallo just got out, you just got released a week ago. Let's make it that Gilley's chilling. Trying to figure out what's next. If y'all just walk down the street with me, whether it's my neighborhood, Decatur, Wesley Chapel, 20 or Hollywood. Or Chicago, that's right. Or Philly. Anywhere. If y'all are walking down the Africa, nigga, okay, if I go to Italy, I can't walk down the street. If I, so if I'm walking down the street, you would get back in your car. I would dap y'all up. Give y'all love, be out.


Y'all would get in the car. Gil would go, damn Wallo nigga this I, you would go, Gilda's old tell you his bank account. You go Yeah. And told me. But there's no way as this at the point of career he's in. Right? Not not where I'm going. He Ain't got a Hundred million. You said it perfect. Wallo not where I'm going, but where I'm at that day, when you walk with me, you will go, yeah, you don't know his bank account. But I agree with you GILLIE. There's no way he's getting monetarily that which matches his inability to walk a block down the street. That should be monetized. His impact. His impact is crazy impact that should be monetized his his Brand recognition. Right? It's nutty, right? So yes, the future is bright. What's next?


I know the future's Bright. Well hold on. A lot of times. A lot of times. That's A point. I wanna know what's next. A lot of times when you this color, no disrespect, but when you dis color right here, a lot of times you gotta get your shit on the second time. Yeah. So it's always the, I think it's, is it ever the first time? I mean that's just, I think it's, that's just how It worked For a very long time. Mike could be the third time. Who's the top basketball player in your mind, G? Should you ever play basketball? Michael Jordan. Okay. Wallo Mike. Yeah, because we all, our age group is gonna say Mike, alright. 'cause Michael Jordan was the best Period door period. Okay? While Michael is the best, what we most know, You mean $30 million? Call him and let him know for two years. That's it. Say it again.


You mean $30 million for two years? That's it. So you got kids out here that's bums right now. That's making 30 minutes. So, so this is the difference. So this is the difference. You got him back on the stage. Whether I'm an asshole or I'm a cool cat. Wao and Gilead are watching on Sunday nights. Gilead points was watching while I'm inside, right? You was watching me inside. I mean, Wallo was watching. Yo. And I go to jails constantly. I speak to juvie, I go to Ja, I go all over the place. At some point y'all was watching and going, I wanna meet those. Once you say you wanna meet me, it's very different than watching a character, right? Get a team down the field right now you go, I wanna stay around after the game and meet dude. Right? Dude seems Like. I would rock with him, right?


When you are this to Gilley's point, what's also not accounted for is your ability to be such a leader. That what y'all see coming through the camera is also leadership. And y'all go, he seems different. They don't account often for the leadership of us. Is that a specific thing accounted for? For a white colleague and or teammate whom I've loved and or at least associated with, when they say cut, I go have a beer with them. No, it's not specific that a lawyer goes, I got you this amount for being a leader. No, there, there's no, nothing in the contract says great leader this amount, right? But it's worked in, because you're also a great leader, right?


So you get monetization from also being a great leader. We are often paid for simply the service rendered title wise on paper. Not, but see as an uncle would say in the barber shop or our pops or our grand pops. But see you gotta a little deeper. Allen SSON is not just 160 pounds soaking wet, gets to the cup and then goes to the free throw line. He usually makes it at the cup. AI at one 60 wobbly knees made it at the cup and then went and it was an N one. So that's three. That's the reason that you end up paying somebody for the intangibles, which is the word often used, right? We're not often paid to Gilly's point. We're not often paid for many a thing.


But we, we truly aren't paid for the intangibles. The things not on paper. It is a disproportionate in, In performance recognition, matching that which dividends then follow. It is a inequity as it pertains to certain people's in life and particularly in this country. Whereas dollars are, again, not specifically granted for leadership for our colleagues who don't look like us, but the increase of dollar is there. So if we could get paid at times Wallow and Gilliam and in terms of getting paid, we then garner more leverage, more muscle There in lies other opportunities, which goes full circle to your point.


Then I can aid in that which Gillian you said is needed. So to be able to upload movies like podcast episodes can be uploaded. Because if I'm granted more money and I'm a leader and I want to delegate and I want my people to win, then in reality what it, what ends up happening is not counterintuitive. You still get to work with all of the people that are of every color. You're not just working with black people, but you're making it where black people who are under us as they're younger than us, coming up looking up to us, they get a shot. Because now there's certain people that are in placement that don't look like opposite of them. There are people in placement that look like them going, I went through a lot of broken glass, got through the window, cuts are everywhere on me.


So that you could kind of get through without getting cut. Right? And I'm okay being the one cut, right? I am, I get, I get, I'm okay with it. Nobody on the first time out is that Michael made $3 million, right? Forever. Finally got 32 to Kelly's point, right? you know that Wallo? Yeah bro. He's the great, they built the NBA on Michael. Well Michael Jordan, They did the a hundred number one sportsman of all time. He was number one, right? Babe Ruth was two, right? Muhammad Ali of course was number three, right? But he's the number one sportsman in the last a hundred years. Right? So the thing says, and I think all of the things say that, right bro, they built literally the, It's not NBA, let me ask you this. And Spike should get a law for that. Spike's involved in that. Spike Spike's involved in that And the culture, the marketing, marketing, All of that.


So there's monetization that shows up in ways that I want our people to go. Oh, right, even Spike coulda. Yeah. Right. There's value, right? We gotta understand value. A lot of kids will be like, that just comes easy to me. How many little niggas we know in the hood that we go that's special. They go, that comes easy. Yeah. We go, yo, you get paid for that. Right? They go really? Right. That comes easy to you. You get Paid for being special. Right? Let me say this from somebody that had the opportunity, shout out to Ving Rames, my og. Absolutely. Put me in 10 movies. Shout out to Ving man. Just holler at him. See me on something on YouTube and called me up, reached out to me, put me a bunch of movies. Shit. That's how you this, how he connected. So, so Is Va Philly?


No, he's from la He was from New York, but he lived in la Okay. Did ju from a person that, that's been on a movie set a bunch of times and started to figure out who I was on the movie set and understood that some of the the best takes on the movie set come from shit that you personally Yeah. Put into the movie. That's right. That's right. 'cause every time I would do a movie now is okay, I'll give you a couple takes where I'm reading the script. Yeah. Okay. And then it's like, okay, come on. Shit, I'm, I'm doing, I feel, I feel some stuff I'm doing me. Yeah. Yeah. Most of the time dudes takes that. Me the cut. Yeah. What, how much would you say the percentages of you that you improv, that you and that shit makes the cut?


Is it a lot of times your, your improv great? Or is it a lot of times just the script? Is it, That's a great question. I'm always gonna be able to improv enough GILLIE because I'm coming and respecting the writer. Right. So I guess the, the, the genesis of my answer is that would depend as you and and Wallo and I were talking about. That would depend on the security level of the writer. Oh, okay. First and foremost. Okay. So because we don't know often the security level of the writer. 'cause we haven't hung with the writer unless we personally know them. Then you do come in respecting the writer. So I'm Gonna stay here, I'm gonna Stay on this. I'm, I'm gonna stay here. And then they see you respecting them and then you try and adlib And then you look over and the director will be the defense for the writer, the director's, the blocker for no, for us.


Right. The director's the blocker for us, but also for the writer. For the writer. He, he's both right. He, he and or she is, is is the blocker for both. So the director might go try to get one that's not an ad-lib, try to get one. But, but I like it I like that ad-lib try to get one for the writer. If the writer's secure enough and they happen to be on set that day. 'cause oftentimes you get on the phone and you call the computer director. But if the writer, or if you get in my position at, at, when I was on Power, I could call Courtney and then she, I would have to go through Courtney. Even if someone else wrote that particular episode. I'd go, go through Courtney. She would a okay it and or go, no. Oh, I don't want you to. Okay, no problem. But at some point she explain who's Courtney is.


Courtney Courtney. Courtney Kemp is the creator of the show Power. And I know so many people watch the spinoff. So y'all would go, so what's the connect, the origination, the or the og? Is that what they call our show? The OG Power? Which star? Obviously myself, Joseph Shakur, Naori Naughton and Lela Lauren. And obviously Curtis was the exec producer. Courtney is the creator of that show. So she's the head writer and she hires the writer's room. Whether it's five writers, whether it's seven writers. That's who she is. Thank you for that. Wallow. Yeah. So in the midst of giving a little bit of Adlib, as long as you're respectful GILLIE, I have found that Omar's always been able to impart a little bit more of what I think the character remember, it's not about an ego thing.


Right. So what I feel after embodying the character enough, I never believe that an actor should have a character down, bro. I be done with, with with movies and or that character five months. And I go, ah, shit, I'm learning him more now, bro. It's over. Right? So I'm still learning the character. I never claim to own the character in the way of knowing him in and out. But if I know him enough, where GILLIE you as a director and or producer, if wallow you two feel comfortable hiring me, I know that character enough. If I feel the words that need to come outta my mouth to portray that character are a bit better. If I say it this way, as long as I was respectful on the walk up to that point, I definitely have Adlibbed in every project I've ever done.


That's crazy. Because I never ev every project, I never looked at it like that. I always, but see, I'm not as deep of a actor as Right. And I didn't grow up that I just got a opportunity. So I always looked at the script as like, this is just like kind like a, a navigation lead. But they would allow you GILLIE. Oh yeah. They would Allow me. No, I'm saying they would allow you till you became crafted. Once you become crafted, you would be grabbed a little bit more. Oh, okay. It's you not being as crafted. And I'm going, Because I would do it the first what they say. Then they would say, okay, GILLIE, let's let's do an improv where you, you ask some, and then when I do that, they're like, oh great. GILLIE It, it could be money, but, but it's hard to be money once GILLIE has more, what's the word we've been saying?


So with l leverage, more leverage. Oh yeah. Once you have more leverage. I didn't have any leverage. You were actually grabbed more. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't have any leverage at The time. Wallo Wallo Inside is free, as he said to covet his imagination. Wallo now benefits not only himself, but he benefits organizations, colleges, teams, professionalism. He benefits the team from the imagination that he was able to keep nice and pure inside where niggas was going at him. You already know as a cousin, you must have been in pain. 'cause you already know. Only in your imagination. 'cause you're not there every night. What he must be going through and your imagination is reminded you.


He must he was in, they hugged up man. He wasn. Okay. So, you know, while he was being hugged up, he was the Low spoon. While he was being hugged up By the big spoon, while he was the low spoon, he was maintaining enough of a leverage inside to make it out. He survived. Cut. Action. Hold up. I I just walk into the cell. You the OG in the cell. Let's go. Who am I? I ain't got no room. No, no. You just, you just, nobody. Okay. The cell clo cell door close. Yeah. Boom. Where do I put my stuff? Where you wanna put it is can I put my stuff on that bed? don? Don't Know. Can you Listen og?


I'm just, I'm just here to do my time. I know we All here to do the same thing, But I don't, I don't want to be in No, No problems. Young blood. So I, is it cool that I put my stuff? My name Is O Oh, what? Oh, O for you. No nigga. That's, that's for you to learn. No, because I just, I'm just, that's for you to learn now. Get off the scene. I like you. I Like you. You like me. Hold on. I like you. How do, how do you like, why do you like how you want me to like you? It could be any way you choose multiple choice here how you want me to like You. That sound like my assholes a lot. he said that How you want me to like it. Huh? you know, after that question, you know what? Come next.


See y Yeah. That's how nerd just ain't the cell for me. Nerd ain't just, ain't the cell for me. It is just, it's just like, But now my point to him is once he's out in the world speaking on his experiences and it's making players understand life better, which is making them perform better. Right. They almost forget that he was inside. Not the players. Yeah. The organizations who hire him. Right. That's what I'm saying. At one point, Gilead is very sexy for producer to call home and go GILLIE was on set. It was amazing. He was doing his thing. He was great. We didn't have a, he was great GILLIE. If you went to class and got crafted for five years and then you came, you know more now. So they expect more from you.


That's the point. So you're green before when he's in jail, he's green with great story. And while was articulate, he's bright. He was bright at 17. He might've learned more in jail. Right. But he probably took to the book the same way he would've taken the book if he was free when he took to whatever book was given his way by the og, yo read this Young Blood, he would've taken it to it outside the same way he did inside. But now that he is actually on the circuit as one of the great speakers speaking on the, on the speaker series of life circuit, there's a different expectancy of this brother now. Yeah. People really raise their bar once they go, oh, you, oh, you here now. Okay, you arrived. Yeah. So sometimes for me, GILLIE, 'cause I've arrived as an actor, it's like, you, you, you Got a certain pinnacle you gotta reach because Yeah.


Mar stick to the script a little bit. And, and, and I think what you're saying is they respect certain deliverables because when they writing it and they pick you to play this part Yeah. To play that specific. He's going to, he's gonna bring this out. So as they writing That's right. He, he know how to make this pop. He's right, he's right about that. So he can't deviate. He's right about that. Because I'm writing this so He can go. But sometimes, but sometimes when I found out the writer, He's right About that. Sometimes I found out with the writers that I would do, I would be like, yo, then like, shout out to Ryan. I would be like, Ryan, like, you know, I really wouldn't say that. I Wouldn't say That I wouldn't like nobody. And Ryan is the writer or the Director. Ryan is, is is the So, and Ryan would be like, okay, so so what would you say in this situation?


And I would be Like I probably would say this. And then, okay, let's try that. So, so they was real cool, You know what I'm saying? But While I was right, they were cool because of where you were. Yeah. And, and once You're at a place like You are up here, I'm Down here and you so Don you they still what to expect from me. And a lot of times, and what was so crazy about me is Pat Mahomes a master at Standard quarterbacking? Or has he perfected Backyard quarterbacking. Backyard quarterbacking And and what's the operative word? GILLIE. Backyard Or perfected it. Perfected It. You noted, so your cousin's saying you're coming in dope at Backyard.


Right. But once you perfect backyard, I'm expect my level of expectancy, I'm, I'm writing, I'm writing for you before He's writing for it. I'm right for you to deliver this. To deliver. That's what it really is. Lemme ask you a question. Stick to that. That's what it really Is. Have you ever had any movie roles or any roles period that came to you that you might have turned down that you look in life now and you like, why the fuck did I turn that road Down? don don't have any, You don't have any I have something that I absolutely wish You didn't do. No, I absolutely have something I wanted to do. Yeah. But I do believe that no role is yours. If somebody else got it right. The role is yours. You get. But I mean some like, but I never had those that I, I haven't had any I say no to so much shit.


Yeah. But I haven't had the one that I've said no to that I went, oops. I've definitely had a, what do you call it? Scheduling conflict. Yeah. Black Panther. Yeah. But you, but Power, power. Let me ask you a question. What's next? What's the next big Role? Couldn't go do that. That was six months. Next work. So next, oh, the next big road in Star Trek. Star Trek. Star Trek. Who was you playing in Star? Trek? Wait, Section 31. Wait, wait, wait. Do you know understand Star Trek been out forever. That's 66. Beginning of Life. How many years is Star Trek? I think Star Wars is 40 plus. I feel like Star Trek is 60 some years. So Sory berry is 60 some years. So, So, so did that, was that about leverage from here?


From Where you For sure That was leverage from what you was For sure. So It worked And a bigger and a bigger picture. Did, did did. Because my 'cause money not No, no, no. It's Not about money. No, no, no. Exactly. I'm saying it's about did it work out Bigger Picture? Yeah. Did it work out? Because it wasn't the money here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it turned into a bigger opportunity. 'cause sometimes I Think it al I think it always worked. I'm so, I'm so biblical wallo that even in, I have Islamic family members. So I could say whether it's the Bible or the Quran or the Torah, if you're Jewish or Book of Latter Day Saints, right? If you're Mormon or Book of Hinduism or, or or Buddhism. I believe all the templates have similar stories. I do believe my bro that I was, and I think GILLIE said it.


No, you said it. Wao. You said it. I still had to go through what I've had to go, gone through. I, I still had to go through what I've gone Through. Yeah. IIII counted all joy. I think it's supposed to happen that way. I think producers are supposed to get you the, the biggest bang for the lowest amount of buck. For sure. Because it's a producer job to protect the budget. Sure. I do Think it as low as possible. I like it, bro. I'm an athlete by nature. I'm always an athlete. I think it was, I I I think it was you guys interviewing. It was you guys interviewing Rich Paul. And, and Rich said the athlete has the hardest job in the world. 'cause he brings everyone to work.


Well at a point where you and Gillard saying is that is not apropos for all actors. But at the point that oh, becomes where he became once he's leading the brigade and it's the second most watched show. He's almost like the athlete. Yes. Bringing everyone to work. Yes. But I do agree that even if I'm bringing everybody to work, I can understand, oh, you still won't get paid to be able to divvy out in the way that you wanna divvy out. But you will be paid in the future. For what? Leverage. Leverage. Proof of concept. Proof of concept. Proof of concept. That's better. Proof of, I'll tell you why it's better. I Got proof that I'm next level.


I'll tell you why it's better. Wallo says it a little bit better. GILLIE because leverage I might not have at a particular point, but my leverage going forward is from proof of concept. when I look back and wallow and Gilgo owe four spinoffs came off of your getting the ball down the field. Four new, do you know how many actors though got paid from you playing quarterback? I didn't do it without a, without a great wide receiver. And, and, and, and Joseph. I didn't do it without a great halfback in Naturi. I didn't do do it without a a, a great wingback Alila.


And I didn't do it without a great fucking linebacker called Curtis 50 CENT Jackson. I right. It did. Yes. But you were the quarterback, right? Correct. So it's all on me, right? When we lose this on me. Right. When we win on Me. So at, so while, while I was right at this point Gils, I was able to look back proof of concept and go, now Courtney has to be given credit for the concept. Right? Courtney did that shit. Right. She nailed it. But if I got her concept down the field right, with my fellow teammates, right. And we got four. You Materialize her imagination. That's it Bubba. And we got four. We got four over that. Gillian Wallo. How many actors got hired off that? Plenty friends. No, no, no, no. Wood Harris method. Michael Lely is a dear friend of mine. My, my, my, my boy Woody.


I love Woody. Let's explain. Woody Can expand that. Can I expand it? I love Woody. Can I expand? How many actors got hired over? Right? How many audio guys? How many cameramen? How many editors? How many pa, how many lawyers had to do paperwork? Wow. How many people that handle the, the commissary? Wow. The food. Like the whole, like you think about the whole set, the the whole thing. you know, they don't call it commissary on the streets. Well, you know, the, They call crafty, crafty, crafty, Crafty. But what I'm saying is in jail, wardrobe, wardrobe, makeup, Keep going. So you got all that stuff. Teamsters, Teamster, all that stuff. Driving The trucks. The, not just the bands. The union. Everybody, Everybody. You talking about hundreds of people And, and so much money.


A Lot of money. So I, I I am biblical enough and believe in God enough, Gils and, and wallow that I can look at it and go, oh, I'm good. Well, because what did I say? Well, at the start of the conversation, I was always moving forward. Right? Even when people go back, back in the hood, we say back back, you can't really back, back, back up. It's so funny when we all play football back. Upda, Baghdad. There You go. 50 feet. There you Go. Yeah, there you go. So it's like, nah, I'm going forward the same amount of feature. You're asking me to go backwards. I'm going forward. So at a point, if I put in my time while you did that on the inside for real military, gotta shout out our vets gotta shout out our what y'all do.


Fight, Fight for the freedom. Gotta shout y'all out. But the inmates, even the ones who might have done something that only Wallo knows what he did. And that's only for the Lord to judge. Wallo made it out on the other side. So many don't. So once you make it out on the other side, my brother, so many don't. Right? So once you make it out on the other side, we all are left to go. Right? Right. As long as I'm always kind of going forward, even if I'm asked to back back, by the time somebody doesn't push me back, they'll look over and go, alright, you've pledged enough. I got you. Right.


And I believe in that, right? As a fraternity brother of an actual fraternity who went through that process, alpha Fowl Incorporated, having an understanding that at some point I would get a letter and and be able to put a shirt on. That said it. Sometimes in this business, you don't really know when you're gonna get that letter. If it's analogous to the payday that you feel reflects what you've given to the industry. Right. You don't really know when it's gonna happen. Right. But you write Wao, if you go to ownership and you become an exec producer, then you kind of know, at least I'm gonna get a nice one for this because I'm not just actor, I'm producer. And so on section 31, I am not set up on this first one as producer.


But what is being offered to me is opportunity that is limitless. So who knows, right? They are just beautifully saying, oh come and bring that big ass fan base that you have with you. Right. That's leverage. And, and also my fans, you guys are incredible for me, right? 'cause you are my leverage, right. My fans are my leverage. Right. My money is the fans at this point. Right. Which is deep. It's funny though. 'cause Gil always say that. Gil always say that. That's it. you know, people will be like, yo, come to the party. Come to this Gil, be Like. I don't really got time to be faking with this fake ass party. Yeah, yeah. Go to Hollywood party. All these parties, I'm doing that. Let's get together, let's kick all fake shit. Yeah. When the real people is In the street, they somewhere at that stage over there. We throw a party, we invite them.


Yeah. We invite them in. The real people this. Exactly. Because they the people that hold us down and, And hear me. when I say that, Celebrities don't hold you down. It's just a bunch of Itno, hobnobbing. Hey Man, we gotta get together. Let's do it, man. Listen man. And Then you don't hear fucking your people. And it's like, bro, I I don't even got your number. How We getting you just talking that shit? 'cause we at Michael Rubin party right now. don don't wanna hear that shit man. But for me, I'm a person that think He told the dude in party Shit. Listen, I'm a person that truly believe he said that in the party, bro. Let's stop the fake shit. Yeah, don't do that. Don't no one thing about me. I I keep It real and also wet. We on time for that. We on time for That. And one time, I I I keep it real. you know, this ain't got nothing to do with Wao. This ain't got nothing to do with O me. I get my money with the motherfucking white man. Yep. Let's be for real.


Yep. All the niggas going to do is call you, tell you how good you doing, what you should do, how we could get some money together and we never gonna get no motherfucking money together. Because the reality of it is they get money with the fucking white man too. So I don't get into none of that bullshit. We going go back and forth. We going to take it. You're not gonna so into my pocket like a rocket. You're not gonna pay me what I'm worth. I'm gonna go get paid to the closest that I'm worth. I'm a person that believe you're putting your time out here. Your blessings come from God. That's it. When you put enough work in, you put enough work in. God's gonna say, you know what? You put enough work in, here you go. Let me open the doors up for you. There you go. Because I'm gonna say something, Gil, to your great point. Thank you for saying that. 'cause you reflect a lot of what I feel about saying that the devil always overplays his hand.


Whether it's a motherfucking Vegas table of cards, whether it's life, the devil overplays his hand. And God always repays for what the devil has taken. Always. It is not making any human a devil. It is not making any group brand or accompany the devil. But if you said God, which is energy and spirit is going to grant your blessings to you, then there's another energy and spirit that of the devil I was trying to say. And it's not a specific human right. However that works. If humans happen to be in that huddle, so be it. But we're not naming any humans in this conversation, which is never an interview when it's people of love.


Shouldn't be called interviews. These are conversations. You said it right. If it's up top, no job. That's yours. Ain't gonna go your way. As long as we're living up top. If you living down low, then nigga, you might get a catch a break. Right. My Dave Dash Change as Dave down said years ago, don't catch a brick. I, I respect Dave for saying that. Don't catch a brick. My energy ain't changed until I changed my surroundings. Until I changed my energy. when I was had just a slight bit of negative. 'cause I always been a positive person, but I used to be in the wrong circles, man. I used to have the wrong niggas around me. Man. Once I changed my, my surroundings, I changed my energy, man.


Just positive shit. Shit just start, just start happening for me nonstop. Just because I always had the talent, whether it was rapping, whether it was just talking, just whatever it was in, I had enough talent to get the way I needed to go. I just needed to change the energy that Was around and that, and so for me, work does beget work. And where you and Wallo now are is to your point, Wallo is where I feel Like I'm at. I know I'm at, which is, I feel so powerful, bro. I feel so powerful really because I endured the shards of glass that I had to walk across.


We don't have yellow brick roads. We not in Kansas no more. Fuck that. We never been in ca We, we not, it ain't about, we not in Kansas no more. What is Kansas? Ours is a different walk. And so having gone through that, auntie Pauletta reached out to me, Denzel's wife, she reached out and said, oh, what's going on? Where you, where you at? She gave me a lot of, a lot of question marks and exclamation points. Not like her, but, but I deserve that because she hasn't heard from me this summer. But when I talk to her, she's gonna go. Got it. I was having to get, and I'm still having to get so right within me. So. Right. We're constantly growing. You're dead if you're not growing. Right. So even all of you young people listen to us.


We are saying growth is me telling you I'm still growing every day, never preaching to you. I'm 50 years Old, I'm growing. I'm trying to grow, I'm trying to try everything. And the reality is that's the place Wallo and Gilead, I find myself. I'm on section 31 whole new geographical and demographic. Yes. Reality of fan base. Mm. I then go from that to a job with a one beautiful beloved brother of mine who shares Curtis' birthday ironically. And that being Kevin Hart, we have something I can't talk about in interview. Gonna be beautiful from that. There's a litany of other things that are there and I'm producing them. And I'm also, this the best part of it, Kelly. I'm hiring people. I'm giving people opportunities.


Wallo. Right. That's the shit for me. Yeah, yeah. Right. I'm giving people opportunities. Right. I get to go through my Rolodex and go Yeah. Them. Yeah them, bro. When you get to a certain point in life, tell me Wallo and gi if I'm wrong, you really wanna work with motherfuckers that you like to have dinner with After they say cut. Yeah. I really do. People that you genuinely connect with. Yeah. I just, Talented people. Talented People. Talented people. They gotta be talented. Gotta be talented. Gotta be Talented. I know we gonna get along. They ain't on no bullshit. Yeah. Just And they only on Hollywood shit. When it's Hollywood Shit. That's right. When it's Hollywood shit, that's all they can play it. They can push the button. They know. They say, okay, we gotta go to a premier tonight. This Hollywood shit. Other than that, they regular fucking people.


Soon as they say, cut. Oh, we regular motherfuckers at the hotel busting and having dinner. That part, That part. So Before, before this And, and the music included, you let it went like, oh, you're a music guy. Yeah. That included. I'm just putting story out. Right. Nova said one day, Papa, you're a storyteller. Then why do I gotta tell a story then? Right. You, you said it great. You said, oh, I covered it. My, my imagination might've been gone if I was free. Yeah. But all my art might be gone if something, you know, feel me? Yeah. Y'all better tell a story before. I can't tell a story no more in all forms of telling. Right. Musically included. Before you got the call, where was you at? And when you got the call, how did it make you feel? Oh, soul track joint. Yeah.


Yeah. How did it crazy. But when you got that call, knowing all the work you put in and you believed that this is going to pay off one day, how did it feel for you, your family? Like how did it feel? Like, how could you, could, could You, could you Stones get my phone, bro? This star tray. Could You verbalize that? I don't know where it is, but I, but, but Wallo was asking, so a Dope. I want you to verbalize that Moment. Wallo was asking such, is it in the car? No, No. It might be in the car. He's asking such a dope question. I never done this before. But Wallow and, and GILLIE get to get this. Did he come In stone? No, it's in the car, bro. He can Oh you, It's in the car bro. It's in the car. Yeah, yeah. Grab it for me Because I wanna know.


I'm gonna tell you. So that first strike I think about, obviously we call it Covid, but that was a strike for us business wise. It was a strike. I loved My industry learning. Now GILLIE and Wall's industry, we're all in the same industry. I love learning that. The, I loved the industry learning. They weren't essential. Nobody was hitting pots and pans for them for us during Covid. I loved it. 'cause to your point, Gil, there's too many arrogant people in our industry. So I love that they were left to go, oh, we're not essential at all. We're not working. But the nurses are, even if the doctors got it wrong and putting everybody on emphysema tank, my security guard senior died, SI nor did eat Sayeed senior shout outs to Junior.


His son, who we still got. He died right after grandma after that grandma died right after that. Covid, they was on that first wave. So when I, think about that phone call with section 31. I go back to Covid Wallow and I go, wow. The death surrounding Covid, including Nipsey. Right. A year prior. Right. A full year prior. I see. And then, and then Kobe the next year. But even before that first week that we were like, what is this Covid shit? Kobe's January 26th. Nipsey is March, right? The fa the preceding year. That's the first strike. I didn't work until 2021. I went to do pieces of her with Tony Collette in Australia. Mickey Spiro, she was the director.


I love female directors. It was an amazing experience. Bella Hiko amazing experience. My boy Jacob Sippy, who plays the son of Will Smith and Bad Boys, okay? All of us were together in Australia. Next strike. The actual strike. Well, the actual strike, bro, as you know, right? The writer, actor, director of strike was so now as in last year, bro, the call about interest in me was during the weeks leading up to the strike. Oh my God. Then the strike you was like, and while I'm so, is this real? And I'm so picky. So I'm already not really getting, I, you know, I'm picky.


I say no to so much shit. That was the right thing to say yes to. But as soon as it came through, even though it was a week prior, and I'm in the midst of the strike, to your great point, GILLIE, I knew that I had it because God had put me on such a Trek to become my star. So when they said star Trek, literally, I said, of course I'm gonna get it. My Trek has been such a fucking journey to become a star. So why wouldn't I get a movie that, as you said is 60 years old called Star Trek. My Trek has been so painstakingly, turtle Marathon, Nipsey 10 Toes Down More Marathon.


Marlon Wayne also said recently, which I thought was dope. he said, I'm still climbing the mountain shit. he said, I don't spin on cars when I hit. I got a Range Rover, nigga, I'm still in that. Never went above it. Brilliant, brilliant. Because he still sees himself as climbing. Once that thing came across wallow and it says, star Trek, my nigga, because I had been on such a trick to find my star, and I don't know what a star is. God makes stars. you know that Hollywood also say, we made you no the fuck. Hold on. You didn't make Norma Jean before she was Marilyn Monroe, right? She was. She was Marilyn. She had the gifts, right? You didn't get, Denzel was at Fordham majoring in, in in medicine. You didn't, he's gifted, right? Sidney Poitier was in The Bahamas trying to figure out life.


He was in Miami then New York the next week. Then he met Harry. They were great together. Come on. Joseph Jaco was Chicago Naura was a little black girl from from, from freaking East Orange. Lela Loren is from Sacramento. 50 was Boo boo. The nigga wasn't even Kurt. He was boo boo from South Side Jamaica, Queens. You don't make us. We we, God picked us. He picked, you, picked you picked Michael B. Jordan. Start, pick, pick. You picked Cicely Tyson, rest in peace. Picked all the way to the directors, all the way to all the great producers. All picked the stars. And stars. The star wallowing and GILLIE have star quality. Period. It's just what it is. Fuck it. Dot, dot dot ellipses. no.dot period. There's no ellipses period.


So because my star Trek meaning wallo, whatever God made me to be was set. I had heard millions of people on audition one go, he's a star. But what is that word I even don't like when people say, he's so talented. What the fuck is that? Until I execute What the fuck is telling, you know how many talented people I met that don't do shit? How many talented people did you know on the inside wallo? Them niggas still on the inside? Yep. They never figured out how to, how to take their talent and go from A to B to Z. You passed z you on a new alphabet Wallo you and your cousin on a new alphabet, bro. So for me, when it came across the email as star Trek, I called my agents at UTA and I said, I'm gonna end up doing this.


It wasn't a straight offer. I said, but they will offer. And I told one agent who's always been about My thing, always been about, we were together at William Morris endeavor. He went to UTI waited him out. I then joined him at ut. I said, my Trek, as you know, their agent has been such a fucking Trek to becoming, whatever the world will call a star, will call a a star. Excuse me. There's no way. I'm not getting from God. Alex Kurtzman can believe that he hired me. Tunde, our beautiful African brother who was raised in America. Director can believe he di casted me. But, but, but, but you know, you and Wallo know always gonna get a movie called Star Trek.


'cause look what his Trek has been. I went back. So I listened to the music, started putting the albums together, concrete and whiskey came out more r and b. Enough hip hop field spoke a word field. But now we're putting the next project together. I'm always, you know, so Capricorn, we're, we're ahead. We're putting the next shit together. And while, and, and, and while doing that, a lot of me pressing play comes with lyrics of me talking about on a Trek to find my Dr. Spock raised on Biggie and Pac on a Trek to find my Dr. Spock. I was writing that shit in 2017.


Now I'm at Star Trek. Drop a poem real quick. Tell me the name of it. The greatest American Negro Hero. 'cause his far is short. when I was in second grade, the teacher asked me what I wanted to be. One day I said, Nero Betty at the greatest American Negro hero. She said, the possibilities were zero. So ever since that time I've been so that time I went home dying, crying. Ever since that time I've been flying to be brought back to life, to tell the thoughts that others carry on their mind. It's scary. But if you look hard enough, you can find an abnormal amount of distance between me and my shadow.


Imagine me standing so close that I actually become my own ghost. Mm. My job is to be the host. Make the world a lot smaller. Burn it up, but not like toast. Light that shit on fire. To ignite, to inspire, to rise higher and higher. Teachers said the possibilities were zero. So that day I went home crying. Ever since that time, dying to be brought back to life through verse and rhyme. And she had a thoughts that others equally carry on. Their mind is scary. But if you look hard enough, you can find exactly where Wallo he was when he was on the inside. Came out with a whole bucket of pride, got with GILLIE.


Nothing silly, nothing of game only flames. Light up, inspire, rise, higher and higher. Now we sitting on a podcast and we talking at last about all the things that we were supposed to be from the beginning when we were only three. And now we are here standing at 48, at 40 something and at 50, just like my boss, 50, we gonna be here for another 50 till we get to seeing aos for all the Latin brothers and sisters, I'm almost there, still climbing my mountain, still giving you care. And I don't really care what you think or what you care. All I know is I'm gonna always be right. The fuck here.


That was deep. You want me to drop something? Yeah, I do. Ooh, I'm deep. I'm deeper than deep than deep. Deep, deep. What? You gotta, you gotta stay it. You gotta stay with it. Chill. You gotta stay with it. You can't chill man. You can't break character. Chill. You fucking gotta, I'm gonna poet right now. You gotta stay with it. Black ice. I freestyle. So I want him to go. I'm ready to freestyle. Come on. I'm deep. Yeah. Deeper than deep, deep, deep, deep, deep prison cell. Hell, I hear, yell. See yo, help me. What do you want my innocence?


And they took, you know, innocence. They took your innocence in. You messing up my poetry, man. Come on man, you messing up my shit, man. They took your innocence. I'm getting deep right now, man. On he screamed for CO and said, what you want? What? My innocence? I'm just doing some deep bullet back The Jeans. I'm sorry. Deep and deep. Deep, deep, deep, deep in the, in the big bag. Come on man. Come on man. You fucking my shit up, man. Go get it bro. Yo, you messing my joint up, man. I'm getting deep right now. Look, look, You know what you should do. Look, let me get no Gi GILLIE, GILLIE GILLIE for come here for A minute. Come here. Let get one. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Let wallow sit. Center a stage. It changes things. It changes stage. Go ahead. It changes things.


You sit set stage. You always gotta, you change this thing, you gotta change it up. Let me do My thing. All right. Sweating my eye as I cry. I knew that I will be deep one day, but shallow as wallow hollow yellow, blue, green, red. No, I'm trying To, I got, I Got real Poetry. No, I was trying. I could give off some real Go man. Give some poetry Man. Go get, go. You cry. You So Little quiet. You crazy. Deeper. The deep, deep, deep, deep. In The back. In the back. You ready? Oh man, I'm just a nigga on a mission.


Wait, that's a wrap. No, you can't do no real Rap. You cheating. You gotta get deep. Get one with Earth. Lemme finish my, lemme finish my joint. No, no. I won't get, I wasn't, damn. It's not a wrap. But listen, come on. I started out a kid with a lot of ambition on my birthday. I never got what I was wishing for. Wishing for my father wasn't there. I didn't miss 'em though. I didn't blame them either. It was the norm to us. I mean, none of my friends had daddy's ether. I was raised by Erie Avenue where young niggas carry burns.


They bury you. Look, he was deep. It Was deep. He was getting deep. Look, I got him. It was kind deep. I'm no, you asked with GILLIE, you stay with it. You asked what? Im trying to Gil Gil. Gil. I'm in. Alright, good. I was in good. Wait, can you piggyback from him? I'm gonna piggyback. I'm gonna piggyback. Can you go from that? I'm gonna go from that. When I get free, You astronomical niggas is comical. I laugh at you as I see you betray. What is tough, what is hard but really is soft. I don't know. But it's deep.


As I read the dictionary, my vocabulary is strong. My Vern robust vernacular. My vernacular is spectacular. I'm deep. Red, black, green, red, purple, pink. What the fuck is she talking About? Y'all messing my shit up, man. Y'all messing my deep shit up the Fuck out Y'all. I'm getting deep man. Damn man. It's supposed to be a pain. See y'all see this is wrong. You told me shit in middle. I like this shit. But then I don't know why the colors, I'm trying to follow the colors while I was with you, nigga. But then you said the colors and I was confused. No, but was you said the colors. That's A real shit man. We want to thank my God Man, Come for coming through. We had a bro, you gave up a million dollars.


mworthofgame. You educate a lot people and you gave out perspective. Because what we don't look at, everybody got their own perspective and perspective is understanding of how we see it from our point of view. That's it. And, and a lot of times people don't know people. People be just looking at people from, oh, this guy's dead. They look at the clip. They don't really get the true perspective of Outlook. True Outlook is very important to say. True, this is what it is. But now you on another level. When is that movie coming out? First week, second week of January coming baby Star track. You ready for all the press that gotta come with this shit? You gonna be around the world. This is what signed up for. It's crazy. Yeah, it's crazy. We got Comic Con in New York in October. We had Diego. Y'all gonna all The ComicCon San Diego.


We did San Diego, we got New York. Now What did they, when they seen you, like when people see You? Oh, they were crazy bro. I'm playing a character named a lock. A lock sata. And what do he do? He runs a rogue policing agent group. I guess you would call 'em a policing agent group. And they control all of the crime on all the galaxies, including Earth and it. And ironically, damn, what's great about it, what's great about it without giving too much away, is you don't have to watch any star Trek if you've never watched them prior to watch this one. Mm. It's a separate entity. Okay. That's be, that's beautiful. It's, they first introduced it during Deep Space nine. Who's else? Art Trek. Say it again. Who's else Playing with you? So it's crazy casts.


So Michelle Yo, who won the Oscar last year, she's in it. Sam Richardson. Y'all know Sam Yes. From Veep. And y'all should have Sam on. Yeah. Be dope. A lot of Sam Richardson from From Veep and Ted Lasso. Rob Kozinski Ly Gonzalez. We got a, we got a hell of a cast. Really dope. That's what's up. It's a dope cast. I Can imagine. Star Trek, man, that's, yeah. Yeah. Y'all gonna like it a lot. That's just, Thank you, bro. We appreciate having, man, I appreciate you, bro. Appreciate You sharing all your wisdom Being great black man. You Sharing your wisdom with us. Thank you, coach. Yes, That's my coach right there, guys. Listen man. So OMARI. HARDWICK. It's million dollars. mworthofgame.


This was one of the longest interviews we ever did. What? Yep. We only do a hour. How long is this? Yeah, we're like an hour. Almost two. Almost two hours. This is the longest interview we ever did. And it's just like that, right?