
Hey. Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast. Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Right. You already know we live from Detroit Made out for Baby. Let's go going buddy. We out here you see? You see we had to pull up, we had to pull up on our brother payroll. Man, listen, he's not just a Detroit player some days he's the mayor.


So we out here showing him love and we needed the world to know about what he got going on. Baby and I Doughboy cash out is going down. We in the D Man. Yeah, it's just like that. Right. I told you, I told you we was coming man. I had To come. Had to come get a real Detroit player. Come on. How you be? What's Up family? How you, what's up baby? How you be brother? Doing what up baby? Man, you what's going on family. You be spinning that shit Now. Appreci. You. I'm what's up? Baby's up man up. What up boy? Be man. See you on the road a few times. Yes sir. Brother. The one big party, the future shit.


What's up nigga? What Up brother guy? Right? Man, what's up Yo? What's up man? What the dude man? Yeah. Funny ass nigga. What's up bro? Listen right here. He going Tell your manager called me Mo. I keep running to you. What up? What's up man? What's up brother? How you Feeling? You It had to be one nigga. Oh, here? Yeah. Come on Man. You know what it is man. It's, it's 3 1 3 days. Had to be one nigga here with the near ass Detroit lawyers jersey. You can't say that on 3 1 3 days. Not today. 3 1 3 days.


You can't say that on 3 1 3 day. That's that nigga though. I ain't gonna lie. That's that nigga right there. But y'all thought y'all was getting a bold in y'all. Nah, it's cool. We getting but nah, y'all keep saying that. She always saying that shit since Barry said this man, y'all thought we gonna get one next year. Y'all Thought we was? No, we thought we was getting one Running around the world. What time you wake up? Every day On the late night. On the late time. Probably like six, Six to late. That's late. I be up like Play old 4 45 my You up Y I'm up. I'm line. Shit everything. I'm lying. I'm peeping ing Dude bro. Dudes, y'all.


Y'all feeling good early? I score at seven o'clock in the morning. Stop playing Good over here. Talking about that hoop. Man ain't gonna have a bad day man. Go tell him. You know When we got older I They all for that Whoever They for that I hit you with their floater smack. That shit on the glass so hard.


You like why you do me like that big fella? Shit. That's one thing. Yeah, I see you do your thing though. You be doing your thing shit. Yeah, y'all around him Jay bad. That'd be shit. Gotta be a good one. That's the same thing. Be a good one. He can't. He's six one On one right quick. Het same. Somebody don't want hoop, nobody. 50 play no niggas over. I don't play no niggas over 35 man. Damn. I don't play no old niggas. You hear me? I don't play. Listen, I don't play no Niggas Now Assault me. They blood Man. We'll worth you right now.


Hey right here. I'm worth you right now. I cook this shit out this nigga. I don't know. I don't know. Now you know how I adopted a park now. I got a park right now we can go through right now. Right up, right up, right up the Road. Don't you do that to Detroit? Take it? Yeah, I got it like Shape. He Ain't, he In shape. Ain ain't worry about none of that man. This shit different when you get in front of it. Man. I love to see that got, oh, Andy got a Jimmy on Got him, he got a jimmy on Man. Got That Be crazy.


I ain. I ain do that. I ain gonna do that and he go scout Reports they send you to the Right. Shit. I right. Right handed. Right handed. You see where hell I smoke with. Right. Bring It out and you got this square nigga over here talking about he can beat niggas in basketball from Philly. I definitely, one thing he can't do, he can't beat the old nigga running Shit in a race. In a race. Come on man. Cut that shit out man. I mean you know, you know I don't turn down nothing. How you got, you got your gym shoes on? I give 12 for one. These niggas line up. I smoke your ass out here. That'd be the first fun thing in the day. Say You serious.


Oh Jesus sandals. I'm serious. You could beat me in A race. I'm will smoke you nigga. So just because you Just, You drop me a bottle blip and all that shit. Smoke You shit. I smoke you nigga. Hey listen, hold on. I'm saying you out here talking about what you gonna do. We get it. We Gonna get and that be the first four part day I will smoke you nigga Louis on. I'm gonna get a 12 or somebody. But I got a car full of shoes around the corner. Boy. Man, I'm gonna get him out the way. You Gangster my weight. I beat you so bad. I'm gonna leave the shit out you oog Ever. Never. Alright. Okay, Okay. I told you I don't play niggas over 35. Okay.


You think I'm let a nigga 52 Beat me in a race. In a race? Shit just got off a bitch's ass been drunk since seven this morning. Oh you definitely, he don't even know. Hey you can't know 10 niggas pull up right now. They gonna put the money on me. Shit. They going lose. Okay. That's All you gotta do. They be like damn 3 1 3. Them niggas from Philly got fucked up Philly. That nigga run like bark nigga those niggas, y'all thought y'all was getting that chip this year though, didn't y'all?


It's okay. Y'all did though, didn't y'all? It's okay. Y'all was going Anytime I look up y'all niggas was acting a play And listen and I give you a man damn man. Shit. What? I'm gonna give you a man head start Play man. Shit. Got one. See next thing he gonna race me. We don't even do shit like That. Hell no. That's why I was telling him, I was telling him that this Morning y'all, y'all wouldn't have got passed us though bro. Huh? That would've been a good game. Oh bro. Y'all wouldn't have blew us out though. Against Y'all bro. We got a weak, all we gotta do is lock in our defense too.


Good bro. Listen, we wouldn't have got whoop like that y'all bro. We got one nigga on defense. Defense crazy. We got, we got one nigga on defense. Defense crazy that every single snap they gotta put two fucking offensive linemen on this nigga bro. Every snap What's what's his name? Jalen Carter? Yeah. He every snap he a Beast or so. I ain't never pay attention to they defense to that game ain't let shit Go. We we the number one defense in the league, yardage points everything. Yeah. Ground went to Crock. We went to Crockett. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Ground went. You got understand the Eagles was getting points. Right. Right. Would I take the Eagles minus four and A half? Right. We going blow these niggas the fuck out I was doing. I've been saying this shit's not even going be cool. I said it though too. I said it too. I'm like man that shit Blow out bro. Alright hit me back later. That shit was, that Was easy for Y talked this shit about jail. Ain't that nigga. He got Another one another. Yeah BG Got another. That's the only reason like jail and her ain't that nigga. He, that nigga Hurts that nigga. I ain. He nice. Nice.


Long as y'all got my boy Brandon Graham, you feel me? He should be retired now. He he, he he be My nigga right there. My He beat. I just was I about to say like 36, 33 37. We beat in high school CD Championship in oh six. BG came out year before me. Hey town. He came out oh six. Oh yeah. BG 37. Yeah. BG Really my guy. No that's my dude. We played them back in high school that Like I know all them niggas but Bg Really my nigga. How viral that shit gonna be when I beat you. It ain't just me.


Biggie flossy. That nigga came and got whooped by Flossy in his time I's gonna be viral. You hear me? Yeah. You gonna be in there telling the jokes and shit. I had up this, my knee went out. That shit gonna be so viral. You beat me. Hey listen, you beat me. I'm You do that shit. That a drastic measure. Damn. I'm noting this nigga trying to gimme a fucking body. My god. I gotta run straight to the truck and pull the fuck off. You said?


Yeah. Yeah. Fuck they talking about. Fuck they talking About. Fuck Amigos. Yeah. Fuck they talking about? Yeah. Talk to me. Yeah. Come on with all long sad faces and shit man. Come on with all this sad faces and shit man. Saute us don shoot us man. You know what I mean? Your twin brother. Yeah. Eight Fucking Eagles with Super Bowl champs man.


Matter of fact, I'm bringing my truck out this week dancing for no reason.


This episode of a million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by Gametime. The best part of college basketball's here. And we know you're excited. We are to watch the big upsets throughout the tournament while we're streaming in the cave. You can get to see action in person with Gametime. The official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports Gametime makes getting tickets faster and easier. Prices on the app actually go down closer to it. Gets to Showtime plus the Gametime picks feature makes it even easier to find the great deals on the seats you want. Just pull up chosen event. Turn the GT picks settings at the top of your screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on Gametime app homepage. I was looking for tickets for the boots in this fight and I wasn't right on Gametime man. Woo. Whip it popped right up. Got my tickets. Guess where I'm sitting? Front row. That's right. They got the great query raided deals for all tier of tickets and you know you're getting top option when you see the Super Deal icon. What are you waiting for? Go to Gametime right now and get your tickets. That's Gametime dot co right now and get your tickets. Take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account and use the code dollars D-O-L-L-A-Z for $20 off your first purchase of any tickets on Gametime app. Gametime Gametime app today. What time is it Gametime? Woo.


This episode of me and os Mworthofgame is brought to you by a New Amsterdam Vodka. Now life ain't going your way. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your wife cheating today. Shout a New Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming in. It didn't come your way. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka distilled five times. It's filtered three times for a clean, crisp finish. Now you could drink it straight up, you could drink it on the rocks with juice soda. Or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. That's up to you. And when you out and about at your local liquor store, you know what not to do. Don't you Walk past that New Amsterdam Vodka. Grab it, scoop it up, get it to the counter. Boop, take it home and you drink it anywhere of your choice. New Amsterdam Vodka. The official vodka of Barstool Sports. You hear me? It's great for Gametime games, pre-gaming, all of that is great for pre-gaming. Getting your mind right for the whatever sport event that you about to go to or whatever sport event is about to come on your tv. So New Amsterdam Vodka official vodka Barstool Sports.


Right? You see what's going on man? We in Detroit man. We in Detroit baby Black man. Finkle ass baby. Where? Down started. Yes. Listen, we, we had to come out here and get a real live Detroit player. Yes. I'm talking about he might be the mayor on some days. It depends some days. But we had become giddy man. I said man, we coming out here, I'm talking about we overdo man. This boy got a catalog. He got a catalog. Like when did this shit start? Pe Teenagers Man, just fucking around, you know, having fun, being a crew, being them niggas in school, you know what I'm saying?


And it just transitioning to music, just playing around. But we weren't making no money off this shit at first. It was just fun. But you just kept, you stayed down into it. I mean we, we as a group, like double H cash out. We drop out five, six projects and it's just each one, you know what I'm saying? Built up, built up, built up. But we had an advantage 'cause we already was like a popping crew, you know, that everybody fucked with. So we got the rapping. It's like we already down there had fans, you know, before we said one bar. So with the rap, it just, that shit just took off As a crew. Y'all had, but you got a crew yard had albums, but you gotta catalog by yourself also. Yeah. Yeah. My, my solo catalog, like About 11 albums. Man, I don't even know. It gotta be like 24, 24 Albums. Alright, so yeah. So, so do this now.


Now this is what I wanna stand. Why do you stay independent? Oh, was the money the money? Oh, when you say the money, I what you mean? Like, because you know, you know, as a artist, as Young Cat, you coming up, you see all the, you see the major labels. You think you gonna get this big check? Nah, you gonna have all the jewelry, but your shit. I mean, that, that, that might work for some artists. But like for, for me, like we didn't have like no major label to go to. They wasn't fucking with Detroit. You know what I'm saying? In the beginning, like our sound wasn't even accepted, you know what I'm saying? Like, our sound was just popping here, you know. So we was putting our own money up, getting our CDs printed up. You know, we might buy a couple thousand CDs, put it in the store, sell out, give 'em some old, that was the game.


Then Apple Music, I mean, iTunes came and you know, you put it on iTunes, make some money, you see your money monthly. So you know, I'm doing the numbers. You're Looking at this shit. Like On one album I dropped like, damn, this making me this a Month. What's the first big check you made off that, That, that made me open my eyes up. Shit, it probably was man, $2,000. Okay. That's it. It took me to see $2,000. I was like, oh yeah, I see where the money live at now. So I just kept dropping, kept dropping, kept dropping. But it, it took me to make a thousand dollars off a verse, off a feature. That's when I took rap serious. That A long time ago. Yeah. But that's, that's all it took. That was all it took. I got that a thousand for that verse.


I couldn't believe that shit. And you was like, it was like, It's on. I'm taking this shit serious. Everything else going to the side, you know, I'm taking this shit serious. And that, that's crazy because, you know, at the end of the day, you know a lot of people, there's a lot of people that know you, but a lot of people don't. Right. But the ones that do, it's like if, you know, you know. Right. I Like it like that Though. That's what's so great about it. I like it like that. It's like if, you know, you know, but we had to put light on you 'cause you somebody special. You know what I mean? Not just in the D but the whole Midwest and people across the country that know what time it is. How do you feel about being like, you don't know, like everybody don't know how, how do it feel? 'cause you got, you got numbers on the boards. I like it like that man. You know what I'm saying? I could have been, went like the major route.


You know, I, I kind of did. You know, I had a situation with, with Def Jam, me and Cardo and I just didn't really see where the money lived at. Oh, you ain't seen no Paper. Because by then, you know, I'm so used to being independent. Yeah. You know, so I know where the money live at with Major. I didn't, it just seemed like I was just gonna be famous and not really making no money like that. It might work for some artists, but for me it didn't make sense. So I'm cool with, you know, my lane, I'm just, I I just focus on my lane. Keep building that up, ride that out. Fuck with who fuck with me. You know? It's gonna grow organically. I'm cool. How do you, how do you feel about the way people started really embracing Detroit? I love it, man. All these years I love it. Other side of Detroit. 'cause it was, you know, the street side wasn't getting notoriety like that.


Right. We always fuck with Detroit and the music ticket with the m the different people. But, but, but, but how did it feel when the streets started getting like that national notoriety? Man, that shit was a blessing, man. Like I said, I, I remember when we got signed to Jeezy, you know, like the sound really wasn't accepted. We was kind of had our time. It was like, this shit sound like some basement shit. This shit sound like some, you know, some not professional shit. Yeah. And then each, each person I felt kicked the door down even from before us. You know what I'm saying? Street Lords, Street, Lord side, CHED Boys, all of that like, trick, trick, trick, trick of court, trick, trick. Still doing his thing. You know what I'm saying? Even Eminem, you know what I'm saying?


Nigga gonna be wanna get em flowers, he gotta get Ms. Flowers. He helped MD now him up there, you know what I'm saying? He high. But I feel like when De Loaf came out, that kicked that motherfucker. Then T Grizzly came, kicked that bitches. Yeah. And that's when I got the hearing Detroit shit everywhere. You know what I'm saying? I'm in the club in Houston. I'm hearing a Detroit, you know, hell of a beat, hell Of a, know What I'm saying? What I'm saying? I never used to hear that, you know, like outside of Detroit. So that was big. You know, That's major though because I, I, I didn't, I didn't even see people mimic the flows. Yeah. I just seen the flows getting, I'm like, damn. Yeah, because I started thinking like he but you knew a person wasn't from there because they already, and they just say that Even with the, with the beats and The beats and all that.


Know What I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. But that kind of thing going on, you know. But Detroit has always been in the, in the back, you know, like not really nationally accepted. It is just now like all the way. Why do you think, why do you think it's been like that though? I don't know man. I think Detroit niggas, I for one, I think Detroit niggas probably didn't even take the music serious like that niggas felt like I'm getting money. You know what I'm saying? I don't care about that rap shit, but I'm gonna do it. But I really don't care about it. I'm getting money. You know? That was the rappers before us. Yeah. Niggas was getting money for real and they just talking shit on songs and, and probably label sat down with 'em, offered them a couple dollars. They like, nah nigga, I got that in my mattress.


That don't make sense to me. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So could be from that,


This episode of me and os Mworthofgame is bought to you buy ZipRecruiter. You all know what speed dating is, right? Well, if you are a owner of a growing business, what if there was a feature like speed dating only for hiring? In other words, you can meet several interested, qualified candidates at once all at a designated time. Well, we got good news. Zip intro from ZipRecruiter where you could post your job today and start taking qualified candidates tomorrow. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash game. Zip intro gives you power to quickly access excellent candidates for your job via back-to-back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro does all the work finding a scheduled qualified candidates for the job that you want required. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with new zip intro only on ZipRecruiter rated number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash game. Again, ZipRecruiter dot com slash game. The best way of hiring ZipRecruiter, what are you waiting for? Get the perfect candidate for the job that you have available. ZipRecruiter the best way of hiring right?


This episode of me and Osworth. A game is brought to you by DraftKings when it comes to college basketball and March mania. One thing's for sure. Nothing's for sure upsets buzz beaters. Cinderella's advancing top seeds going home early. It's all going to happen. But the unexpected. Every upset every day with DraftKings Sports book, with live betting exclusive promos and parlays. DraftKings is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple first time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sports book. Download Draftking Sports book app and use code Gilly. You hear me G-I-L-L-I-E For new customers, get 200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks. That's it. $5. That's it. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Wear it. Make sure you punch in code Gilly $5. Get you 200 in bonus bets instantly. I did that for you. Gilly Draftking Gambling problem. Call one 800 gambler in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resorting, Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio. The crown is yours.


You know. Yeah. Yeah because that, that's the whole vibe. One thing about Detroit, everybody getting paper. Yeah, I'm talking about the cameraman. The cameraman gotta change above everybody is like, Oh yeah, Detroit will getting Money City. Everybody Got some paper. Yeah. My my, my man's Jerry Jerry PhD. Yeah. Boy, that nigga icier than than niggas been doing this rap shit. You know what I'm saying? That's all videos, you know. But Detroit is a get money. Jay's a beast City man. That's one thing I can say about Detroit. Every rapper that I see that pull up on us, they, they be, they be whipping. Right. They kid it up, they kid me. Right. Yeah. That's a given. That's a, that's kind of like I'm in the game now, you Know what I'm, I'm saying Yeah.


That's a given. Yeah, that's a given. But it ain't necessary with everybody Like the me back truck. Huh? Oh man, I had to work hard for this man. I mean, but the records Off. I had to work hard, man. But Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But, but what, what motivates you to keep, to keep going into that studio? 'cause you got all these out. Like what motivate you? You up now, you know why you don't get comfortable? Oh, I can't get comfortable man. Yeah. It's, it's so, you know how it is man. You hit one level. It is a whole other level. You see like, damn, like I ain't doing shit. I always feel like I ain't doing shit. You know? But I would say for one, the fans, they keep me going because I done tried to stop rapping. I done tried to like, man, I'm done with this shit. This shit ain't doing what I wanted to do.


And it seemed like fans approached me in public when I'm feeling like that in my head. Like, man, don't stop. Yeah. Fuck with you man. Hey man. I'm like, damn, this nigga like, he read my mind. So I damn near can't stop if I wanted to. Yeah. I tried to stop years ago. The shit, you know, the shit don't let me, don't let me quit because I don't, I don't like all the attention. I don't like the being in the spotlight. Yeah. I'm cool with being in the back and it being about somebody else and I'll handle the business or something. But you know, God wanted it this way. Most of your music, most of your music, you be giving out a million dollars Mworthofgame. And, and, and I look at your music like, it's like the United States of Amer of America's Street Code manual. No, you get a game up. Like, you get, you get a game up on a aspect of just like, like you get a game up on really trying to school people, whether it's about your girl, whether it's about some, some street stuff, whatever it is.


You get a game up in different, different fields about, about, you know, putting it down. Why do you stick to that? Because you, your formula's the same. Every, every song is just like, it's some ism dropping off. You just stick to that format. Yeah. I I, I only like making music when I got something to say, you know, I got some real game to give. Like, that could probably change somebody way of thinking. Yeah. But I ain't trying to preach to 'em at the same time, you know what I'm saying? I'm just trying to like, Hey man, my years of living, this is what ied Yeah. This is some bullshit. You need to be focused on this. Yeah. And I just, I just, I just code it, you know what I'm saying? To where you don't even know I'm really preaching to you. But it, it, it is damn near preaching to You.


Why? Why don't, why don't you, I Want salute you. Right. That's some serious boogers in that. Right. Oh yeah. He not playing. I appreciate You talking. And I'm like, You doing serious? I'm like, y'all go son. Man go. I being Gary Ain't ain't serious. I appreciate that man. You know what I mean? But, But y'all, y'all niggas is legends man. You know what I'm saying? Y'all is legends like we used to be at that motherfucking house. My man's RJ may rest in peace. We used to be in that bitch watching the major figure videos, all that shit, man, to get at su with the head and we watching all of that shit. You know what I'm saying? Like yeah, it was my job to study that shit.


I was a student of the game. So I study every movement, every artist that came out. Whether people fucked with it or didn't or it blew up or it didn't, I still was just studying that shit. You know what I'm saying? Without even knowing I'm studying it. I was just fascinated by it. One of my, my my favorite song of all time by you is come to Understanding with your mate. Right? Oh yeah. Yeah. You know why that's so good? He did that beat My man's ak. Yeah. He told me, you know, why that, that's so much of a strong song because that's the everyday situation that cats be going to going. Yeah. Dudes is crashing out about these women. You know what I mean? Catching cases, all type of shit. Going to the penitentiary about not being able to fall back. Why was it so important for you to make that song about you got the paper, but you gotta, sometimes you gotta you gotta downgrade.


Yeah. The Upgrade. Why is that important? I mean, if you got a goal, you know what I'm saying? You, it's easy for, for me to lock in, but my girl gotta be locked in too. I know how to sit down and be like, I ain't spending no more motherfucking money. I gotta run this shit up. But your girl gotta understand that too. Like, she gotta be, she can't be, oh let's go to Ruth Chris, let's go, let's go here, let's go here. Like, and you like, nah, I can't now she looking at you like you a bullshit nigga. You know, you know what I'm saying? Call you broke. You a broke ass nigga. She gotta know like, oh no, he building like, you know what I'm saying? We gonna be good in a minute though, you know? But it take a different type of woman to, to even understand that shit. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I ain't for every woman. You know, most women gonna go fuck with a nigga got some paper right now.


Yeah Lee, you But, but, but, but it also depends on how a nigga got her. Yeah. How a nigga was introduced to her. Yeah. You feel what I'm, because you know what I mean. If she felt your game then she gonna feel your pain. You feel what I'm saying? And she gonna try to be the one that help you come through her. But babe, I can go get a job. I could do this, I could do that. I all about the introduction a lot of times for sure. You feel what I'm saying? Because if you can get a bitch and she don't think you got nothing, then she can't ask you for nothing. Yeah. But if you get a bitch and you like no, I'm doing it. Yeah. If you on some like, oh first date ap, you know what I'm saying?


You Oh no. That shit going, you Tripping. If you Go out like that, it's this niggas that do that though. You know what I'm saying? It niggas that do that nigga by the grandma Prezi. You know what I'm saying? When pandemic is going on on niggas I never Heard no they were stabbing Pat. Well Pat Dem was going on, niggas was buying the grandma and the mama pre, he They do different, they different. I like, I can't even compete man. I can't compete. Said When a nigga in Detroit did that. Both somebody, that Shit real. When Pat De was going on, niggas was buying the whole family Prezis. The whole, the girl get the Almar and the grandma and mama might get a Prezi. Mm. They was Snappy. I said I can't try to keep up with that. I ain't gonna try to. Yeah, I'm chilling.


I'm chilling man. I already got my foundation. I'm cool. Freddy K what it do? That's what it's about man. Clay baby. That's what it's about man. Yeah. Yeah. Look around What it do the How you baby? How Clay mis How This Clay, clay Miske man, he a singer on, on our shit Back in the Freddy K getting the voice hall on there. Yeah. Hey yeah. Know he Clay do that man. So tell Me about the members a, a Doughboy cash out. Yeah. How Did it come together though? We was, we was just two crews in high school. Just having fun. Two separate crews.


You had Dough Boys and you had cash out rich niggas and Yeah, we just having fun just, you know, normal shit being fly messing with the ladies, going to parties, throwing money around card's. Everybody got card's on the leather Owl signs. Y don't know. Y'all know that outta Dub boy Cash. Who got the most bitches when y'all was growing up? See it's members that don't rap that, that will feel offended. But in the rap group, I would say it's between Big Ke and Ke HBK. Oh they got the hoe Them niggas. Yeah, between them two niggas. He used to be driving down the street with Touch Everything And the got damn Two seated.


He, he's, he's crazy. I hope They ain't got a situation right now. This this is back in the day. Exactly. I mean you can't, you can't throw no no flag on a plate for a nigga being a player. Yeah, yeah. Nah, that's what we was all on. We was all on Player shit. Not like, I wasn't on the, so I wasn't on that Clarify that so Player Shit, it's like chilling. So what is you saying? You, was you part of the Doughboy or was you Part of the I was, I was part of Cash Out but Doughboy was my niggas before they was Doughboy. And y'all came together? Yeah. So the two niggas you just named, who, what was they part of Hb He part of Cash out Keith Doughboy. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah. Okay, Now, now who in the game you wanna do something with that you ain't do?


Because you know I know with somebody in the music game you're like man, we gotta get on the track Man. It's a lot man. It's a lot. Of course ho. You know I'm saying. Yeah, of course. Yeah. But I wanna work. Think you could Stand that heat. What ho? Like, like, like with go bar for bar with him. I don't know man. I would just do me, I ain I can't ain ain't about to just He time for that shit. But no, it's, It is like, it's a lot of producers I want to work with. Like Who? For real Alchemist. I, I need a Timbaland beat man. I need a, you know.


Damn it's a lot man. Manny Fresh hurry up. I grew up in them, on them eras, you know what I'm saying? So I need all that man. But rapper wise You fucking fresh beat up. Hell yeah. That's what we grew up on. All that shit Decoded in Detroit. Shit. You here today Manny? Fresh shit, that's Manny Fresh DNA up in there. Yeah. You know we grew up on that shit. For real, for real. They'll tell that Jeezy came out and it was Jeezy was Jesus Christ around here. It Went crazy. Jeezy was Jesus Christ. That's how, that's how heavy that shit was hitting, huh? Hell yeah. It ain't hit Helly yard like that. Hell yeah.


Yeah, that shit was a, it was crazy Tsunami over here. That shit was a way of life. It just went crazy. Hell yeah. Then you had the, the DMF shit behind it and that made it even bigger Detroit. It Made it super bigger. Oh see, see Yeah. That's probably why it did hit a little heavy. It hit heavy. Yeah it did. In Detroit. I mean did it did in Philly. 'cause BMF was connected to it with some Detroit shit going on. So Any kid swag is kind of some Detroit nigga shit. So Detroit just, yeah, Jeezy one of the, probably the only niggas that come here and sell this bitch out, you know what I'm saying? Detroit a tough crowd, so Yeah, they don't really fuck with everybody. But Jeezy gonna sell this bitch out anytime. Yeah.


Wow. Yeah, well he got hit stuff. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Know that. You know I was, I was growing up in this hood right here man. Regular neighborhood shit man. You know everything was out here. That was that a young nigga supposed to either stay away from or embrace, you know what I'm saying? Everything was out here. Yeah it was. You Lost some homies out here like right homie? Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. My man's rj, you know what I'm saying? He grew up one house over, he was a big deal over here. That's like my best friend, my right hand man. But everything was over here. It wasn't a bad block.


Like you go outside, get shot and see a nigga with his brains blown out. It wasn't that type of block. It was, this block was mainly getting money, but all that shit was over here. Killers, robbers, drug dealers, prostitutes, pimps, all that shit over here. Everything was here. Everything and all the big money getting niggas would be over here, you know what I'm saying? Like they'd be just outside talking in front of their cars and shit. All that shit be over here. But why, why, why would, like what made this block go block jump like that? I don't know. Like I think it go back to the eighties or something. Like niggas was getting a bunch of money in the eighties and you know, like my granddad's one of niggas getting a lot of money over here and I don't know, niggas kind of chill over here.


You know, like nigga get money, niggas come over here and chill and just be chopping it up. It wasn't like out here pumping, you know what I'm saying? They chop it up with niggas and you know, but we as kids, we come out the door seeing that shit like damn, they got the new Lexus and nigga got the rims and got the, the roll on. They got the chain on. You know? That was motivation for us. That's what it's about. Hell yeah. Now, now, now how, how, how many more albums you got in you man? Ah man. You just gonna keep, you just gonna keep going. Yeah. I Can't stop man. I can't stop. I got a lot of 'em. I hit a lot of guys pulling up now as soon as we get the record. Yeah. But yeah, a lot man I got a lot.


I can make an album about this block alone. I can make an album about six miles St. Mary's. Yeah. That's where I used to get money at. Yeah. I can make an album about my granddaddy. You know, it's, it could go on and on. Yeah. I can make a female album. It's, you know, long as I got something to say, I'm gonna make albums, but I can't make no music if I ain't got shit to say. Yeah. I can't do that. His music control the community and be nice of what It's today. Yes. That's what I'm talking about. That nigga said that's the, that's the Finkle Gull. He said y'all niggas look Like, yeah that that's good. That's Detroit Gud. Was it up told That's Detroit Gill. Detroit take. That's Detroit Gill right there.


Detroit Gill for sure. I don't want no trouble down. Now they then now's more toys is pulled up man. You're not playing


This episode of million dollars. Mworthofgame is brought to you by Experian Madness in March is good, but madness in your credit but as bad to take control of your credit and finances. Make sure you pick the Experian app. Experian could be your financial Cinderella with tons of free tools at your fingertips for help to you take control of your financial life. The amount of free tools you get with Experian could fill your bracket with things like your free FICO score. You could boost your FICO score instantly free with Experian. Boost free access to marketplace of credit card loan, auto insurance options all matched to you. Freeze your credit file for free. Helping protect against identity theft. Make sure you're ready for your one shining moment with Experian. Go to the app store and download for free the Experian app. Now. Do not wait. Download the Experian app right now.


This episode of Million Dollars Mworthofgame is bought to you by JackPocket. Order and official state lottery tickets has never been as easy thanks to JackPocket America's number one lottery app. Powerball Mega Millions state games like pick three or pick four, you name it, they've got it. The JackPocket lottery app is great because you can order tickets whenever you want, right on your smartphone. New customers, you get the first ticket for free with Code Gilly. So let me just tell you something. What do you gotta lose? Hmm? Download the JackPocket app right now. Punching code Gilly. And guess what? You get a free Mega Millions ticket Powerball ticket. Whatever ticket you want. That's code Gilly for your first lottery ticket on JackPocket. Download the app today. What are you waiting on? Hmm. And if you win at however many trillion dollars, just make sure you look out for it brother. No, I'm just playing. We go get that free ticket. If you have a gambling problem, Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. That's 8 7 7 8 H-O-P-E-N-Y. That's HOPE and y JackPocket America's number one lottery app. Frank Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 18 or older. 19 or older in Nebraska. 21 or older in Arizona. JackPocket is not affiliated with any state lottery board. Were prohibited. One per new customer and her promo code. A checkout for $2 non-controllable credit C terms at JackPocket dot com slash toss slash free slash ticket slash promo. Sponsored by JackPocket. Based on 2024 iOS download data collected by Sensor Tower.


The craziest motherfuckers gonna win. The motherfuckers that don't give a fuck, they gonna win. Everybody else that's worrying about what? Hate saying. I don't give a fuck what nobody gonna hear. Gonna say, you understand? Because it's 8 billion people on the planet. I ain't worrying about no my city or now I need to get my shit off. Right. And once you get it off, it's a wrap. How you doing mom? Good, how are you? How you doing? How you doing mom? I'm good. How you doing? You all right? I'm good. Yes, thank you. He had to come out here and show your son some love. I I appreciate it. Put the light on him. Let the let the world know. Yeah because he that. Yeah. Yeah. Yes he's that. Yes. Yes. I mean he's that We had to, we had to do that man. Hey cus come here man. Mom right here man. Put you supposed to tuck that man. I ain't tucking This. I'm just saying man.


You know back in the day, we know what I mean? Hold on, let me finish. You mean you see me roll? Supposed to give one second. No, I told, I called you over. You supposed to. You know how that shit Make me spill my shit all in the grass for the women right here. Beautiful women. Now all the young guys rocked the bus. You know the glasses. What was the guys rocking when y'all was coming up? What glasses was they wearing when y'all was coming? Was it any particular glasses? Well I didn't one tell my age. Okay. G Zel. It was the Gazelle? Yeah. Yeah. Oh okay. So the Detroit players, if they came through with the Gazelle's, they was, they was all right.


They was his daddy had some gazelle on. No he didn't. No. Oh he just had that game? Yeah he did. Oh. And Pretty Eyes. Oh yeah. You walk up talking about how you doing. She Ain't covering up The moneymaker. You got the eyes now Up the moneymaker. Dior. Oh yeah, I'm sorry. Payroll. I mean Payroll. Oh. Oh. That's my good brother. Dior Gave him Ammunition.


So what the girls used to say Dior with the get the cute eyes. Oh yeah, with the pretty eyes, Huh? Yeah. Yeah. He always had the girls. He did? Yeah, he didn't have to try. Who was his first girlfriend? Oh My god. What's your first girlfriend? Crystal? He had em all. Yeah, he said I had em all, all Now you get in Trouble you get But if Crystal was the first wasn't Crystal. I don't, I forgot. I think Crystal was like No that was like second grade pre Damn. Yeah. Yeah. Second grade. Yeah, second grade. Yeah. I I, I, I'm a happy married man.


Shout to my baby Ken. Talking pre her. We not talking now I Gotta go home man. You don't man, You messing up a happy home. Look at him. He copping now Look, we know who run that household. He gotta live here. You know, shout out to his woman. Shout out to the balls. He like I gotta go home. I love you baby. We talking myself from 30 years ago Thursday. Shit. Nah man, we up and coming man. Next off F live man. Coming up. We going up. That's all I got to say.


Yeah, fle wild man going down baby. Know what I'm saying? One up T next up with this shit Finkle hat representative. Nothing ain't playing. Yeah. Coldest.


This episode of me and Os Mworthofgame is brought to you by KFC. Hank may not have been able to dunk but there's so many ways to dunk with the help of KFC. Dunking is now for everyone. So get on the court, show us your best chance to come to Barstool Chicago HQ for a dunk contest. Hashtag KFC underscore don't get challenged. We don't discriminate when it comes to eligible entries. Dorm room dunks, shortened rim dunks. KFC original recipe tender dunks and anything else is fair game with bonus points for creativity and actual KFC inclusions, we'll share out the winning dunk videos informally. Invite them in person dunk contest at Barto Chicago headquarters. So you could show the judges Hank Hannah Wallo and myself the talent. You have an ultimate KFC dunk master. The future of Dunking is here. The dunk it bucket is no ordinary release. It's a first of its kind, customized flavored experience. KFC is introducing the first ever bucket built for Dunking. It's an interactive crave worthy food experience. Designed for ultimate dipping, dunking, sharing and devouring. Now with the new dunk it bucket, KFC is inviting everyone to get into the delicious possibilities and dunk it in their way. Because dunk it isn't just for basketball legends anymore. It's for everyone. So show us your best dunk for a chance to visit Barstool Chicago HQ. KFC dunk it challenge for bonus points. Head the KFC for the new dunk it bucket in. Elevate your dunking FC get you something.


Oh we could do that. Y Could jump. I told you what I'm gonna do to you nigga. Man you said some wild shit man. Line your ass up you little bitty nigga. Oh man. I'm hundred pounds more than you. Sound good man. I ain Game. No we ain't playing. We Finn to race on foot. Oh No don't do that man. Keep your money baby Keep your money man. I Slow it Off. Keep coming back. You hear the shit he said he gonna racing you. That's Flo man. Tell him what it's Hold up. Flo's been drinking since this morning. Listen Listen I drink every day since this morning. No, he said He gonna get you on feet Floss One time. S stumped out of bright to show he don't care about it. No, no Don't. He stumped it out like I don't Give a fuck Beat you the Race. One ex running back.


My Money got money. I ain't never been nowhere but to the penitentiary. I ain't been to the, listen I don't ball on the court. I ball on the streets nigga fuck is wrong with you. I keep telling what you dropped that bottom lip. That shit don't mean nothing. Line up nigga that shit don't mean nothing Nigga crazy. This nigga he gonna beat you Racist. Well you play the penitentiary. That shit don't mean listen Mr. Cus comes without hearing Cus cus listen Cus oh Jesus sandal Cus cus ain ain't gonna lie. He said some cold shit. Right. That's the shit I tell a nigga my money got money nigga. Yeah my money long on the train smoke. Y'all See me when I get in my hey My joint. I be chilling. Hey listen I be chilling Know you can't beat me.


He said my money got money. God Damn. All these niggas will tell you in my hood a couple years I was buying niggas money. You got motherfucking hundreds. I give you 12,000 in for your 9,000 hundreds. Gimme your money nigga. 'cause I need to hide this shit. The fuck is wrong with you. You told you wanna raise Me money. What they got to do with running That shit gotta do he talking that shit Let talk Yo. That's where the liquor nigga I Was buying nigga money. I gave niggas money, money, money. I Was buying Niggas money. You shit He talking. He said I was buying niggas money. Yo. That's some cold. That's cold man. That's some shit man. Hey that's A fuck. That's a way to tell a nigga he ain't got it like that. But I'm Telling you that's a disrespect.


Make Sure y'all get that on there. Hey Don't worry about Hey He said I was buying niggas Money. These all my nephews. I'm the oldest nigga Standing out here. But how you making shit up? There's Only one nigga I'm beef with. It's a son. There's only one thing can outshine me. It's a son 'cause they can cover more ground niggas talk that shit. The fuck is wrong with you. The son is the only thing bigger than me. Shit. You say you over, you over there taking notes on. I love Motherfucker talk that shit. He finn bring him out. I know you, you want, you have a heart attack man don't do that. Listen he fixing bring him out.


Let me just tell you something and we This, this is what we gonna Do. Let me just tell you something. When I beat you, we cutting the cameras off because I don't want nobody know what Happened. The history of us being kids. Right. We cutting the cameras off. Listen in the history Of us being kids we did not 146 robberies together. Ask that nigga many times I got caught nigga. Hey look, Ask him I never got caught. No I ain. Didn't so tell you something, your ass might be going jail soon as they say go listen soon as they say go. But I Mr. Bounce back, it's A siren going in my head.


I the bounce back. That's The police. I want the cameras off and I want all the phones put up and I'm gonna beat you. Y'all just gotta take that shit on the plane. You ain't gonna do it. Why you think that? That's that liquor talk. Man. All you gotta do is line your man up. I ain't think you, you ain't got him. Where am my bro At now? You tired? Come On this. No, no I'm finna get the shoes man. I'm tired. I'm just saying man I'm Tired. He gonna cut you. Ain't jeans gonna be Cut? Your jeans gonna be cut. Gravity Listen. All right come On Gil. Dig. Go dig. Go look. He warming up On a warm up On The warm up. Look at it. Come on for right there for right there, right there. Cookie. Because I ain up shoes though.


Right here. I put some shoes right here. No you better because you ain't got stretch for him cus get shoes. No you don't. Come on, you ain't got stretch SI gotta stretch. Act like the police chasing You nigga. Cookie Cu you platinum Today nigga. No you going platinum. Fuck can I get shoes? Get out the way. Get outta the, you got 12. You don't need no shoes. Shoes. 12. I'm four no Shoes nigga Can I get a 12? You don't need no shoes. Get out the way. Where going? No I need a where they going? Hold up shoes nigga. When you Ready When you're marked? No can I get Hold up somebody gimme a 12. Can I get 12? Give space back up y'all.


Huh? Back up. Give some space. Can I get a 12? Hold up bro. Bring a 12. Bring 12. Come on. No that's nigga I ain worried about that's I ain. Fuck his ankle's bad. I ain put him on the all that dumb shit. Come on man. That's Crazy. That nigga Crazy. That nigga crazy man. That nigga have been my cell to jail. We'd have been tripping in that motherfucker. Man. That's all I want. I ain't worried about that. I got crazy ass dumb shit. Your goddamn mouth. You selling wolf tickets man, you ain't Gonna do shit. You Ain't running That nigga selling wolf tickets man.


This nigga putting on shorts. It don't matter because you got it. You got it? No come on Man. This nigga putting on shorts man. What? Come on. He Bullshit man. The fuck outta here man. Nigga putting on shorts and shit. You scared? Scared. Oh fuck you talking about 48 nigga. Fuck you talking about? Oh you gonna get it. That's why Cus he is. I been ready nigga. Come on. Fuck you talking about. You breathing heavy. You breathing heavy already. Nigga right Ahead. Fuck you talking about. Cook him Because Fuck about starting right here nigga.


Shit. Wet you baby. We gonna the Escalade, we starting right here nigga. Escalade Right here nigga to The Escalade. Who the fuck is that? Listen man, You ready? Where you at Nigga? We starting right here nigga you ain't Got no wheels. We starting right here nigga right here. Can I start right here? But we starting right here nigga. We don't need all that. We starting right here nigga. Come On. 'cause you got it. Don't matter. This Is 40 we start right Nigga, get your old ass up here nigga. Why he down there? It don't matter. Come on. Stop. No, that's too short. Fuck Out here. Hey cus cook him from back here cus Bro this is long enough bro. Fuck is you talking about? Come on nigga. Come on nigga. Stop bitching. Come on Get here. Hold up. Hold up y'all.


Hey play some payroll. Play some payroll. Back up. Back up. We going the back of the motherfucker place. Fuck the car. We stop in the car. Back up. You ready? I'm call. No I don't need that. I can't hear that. I'm, come on say it. Hold on, hold on, Hold up. No you have. I'm gonna say it. I'm gonna say it. Come on. Ready. Y'all ready? Come on man. Come on man. Look at my head. At my head. At my head right here. I can't see that. I'm counting three. I'm counting three. One two. Nope. Come on. What is you doing Man? Man come on nigga. Yeah I said Go. You said it Then we going say I'ma Oh y'all Go ahead. March Set. Go.


What you, How you gonna tell me to say it then you gonna say it niggas playing. Fuck you talking about you march. Hold On, Hold up. We Hold up March set. Go. This nigga don't because you going cooking it don't matter. Stop cheating. Stop you going cooking cus you gonna cookie you. Oh you no ready? No no. Now where you going? Come on nigga. I'm gonna gun you the Hold up nigga. Man. Set. Go. You got it cus you got him because you got him. That nigga that that nigga The fuck outta here nigga The fuck outta here nigga.


The fuck outta nigga. Fuck that nigga fast. Fuck nigga. Nigga the fuck outta nigga the fuck outta Nigga. Nigga you fat you fast nigga you that nigga fast. That nigga. Yeah you out. That nigga fast. That nigga fast. Damn that nigga fast. The fuck nigga fuck here nigga. He me in a fucking race and my shit just started kicking in. That Motherfucker was working out that motherfucker.


I done definitely killed you. You see soon my shit kicked in. I said ah fuck yeah Eagle Came out. Eagle came out that motherfucker. What's up now? Say what's up. That's My son. Ain ain't walk That motherfucker beast. He he got it. He walk Like this. Fuck wrong with this nigga, You Know talking that shit all day talking that shit. I don't hear that shit. Hear that shit nigga. Fuck outta here nigga. Yeah nigga. I told you nigga. No you got that ass. I told you nigga fuck wrong with him. Said the Eagle Came Out. Fuck wrong with him as hell. I told you did did I accelerate it?


Activate mode two, That nigga Fast. What's wrong with him? He thought he had me. You said you had to Kick in second gear fire up. That Gilly won on They ass. And then what's so crazy is if we would've won low, I really would've killed him. Because you seen when I just said fuck out here You on the, you better to his ass Up. Fuck is he talking about? Got some weight on nigga. Nigga fucking you thought you won? I'm the fucking hood Olympics. Fuck out here. I'm the 60 yard champion nigga.


You didn't win. Finkle Hood Olympics, nigga. I'm the fucking 60 yard champion nigga. Finkle a Hood Olympics. I'm the champion nigga. So look, so look, I do that. Let me just say this. When y'all talking about Finkle a Hood Olympics, make sure y'all make sure I'm the fucking 60 yard dance champion nigga. Yo man, it's double boy Clay man. Fucking with Wao and Gilly man. You feel me? They came to the city to show some love man. Here we are man. Yes, we going. We're going crazy. We gonna have a good time. We gonna enjoy ourselves, you feel me? Shout out to them boys, man. Shout out to the PA too. You feel me? Have fun there. Millions of times. You feel me? All love.


I might bring Gil outta retirement in Detroit. Might get him to jump on the track with payroll or something. Like hey man. Yeah I would love that. You know it's so crazy. I keep up with Gil, I cook this shit out, Shit Out barbecue big. Hey he ain. Got it no more. Hey listen, I almost want to tell Gil, Gil man almost want to tell Gilly he raced the wrong person, you feel me? But I I I get there later. I get there later. That's little later discussion though. He won. He only one about half. Man. See, let just say this, you're 48. Lemme say this. If you win a chip, if you win a chip by a point it don't matter, do it matter you won. I give him that but at the same time, okay season vets, you ain't fucking with them Rookies. Okay, let's put this into perspective, right.


I'm 48 years old, right, you got gang? We are three green Kids, 52 in a real age. Oh okay, okay, Okay. With three grandkids. Right. Alright. And I come to the hood to get my man payroll, right? Yeah. And just outta nowhere, a old nigga say you can't beat me and race him outta nowhere. Outta nowhere. Said an old old On the grill. I'm like, like fuck you mean I can't beat you on race. Like, and then I'm like all right, cool. Yeah you right. But then like we just out here chilling in the hood. Yeah, yeah. And during the process of me being in the hood, the nigga said six times, you don't want to race though. Or you put the lip out, now you put the, You barbecue.


And I'm like, what the fuck is it about me and this nigga that wanna race, Wanna race Andy? So now when the seventh time came in, my motherfucking competitive instincts like nah nigga ain't going just keep challenging me and shit out going motherfucking figure That's don't get's, you feel me? So listen up. So now I automatically know let, let me just tell you how I gotta put game together. I automatically know if this nigga's asking me to race six times, he must be the finkle as fastest motherfucker that ever came. Fuck Right. Finkle nigga on Jesus side. Okay. Right. And he said on Jesus familiar with, come on man You from the west side nigga, we from the east.


So I Knew the nigga was fast because why would you challenge me to erase if you not fast seven times? Understand And guess what happened? Get a little bit Cooked this shit out. You did alright But you ain't did shit nigga You cheated. Nigga you cheated. I ain't cheat nigga. How you didn't cheat? You got it on camera nigga? Yeah, three, Four Started. Hey I thought he raced. He you, you cheated nigga. No listen, ain't no you know what y'all guess nigga I'll give you that. I'm gonna come to Philly. What that street we where the boat is? Delaware. I'm gonna run up Delaware. Bust your ass nigga. Are we coming to Delaware? Are we coming to Delaware? You think we ain't gonna give a guess something. We want you to feel comfortable around this bitch.


I was already, you Just started Bro. Nigga I'm cold. Him, I You got a bunny on your sweater nigga you funny because you wearing a bunny. What The fuck is you got out on? You like what? Two accidental win. Lemme ask you a question. This was the night I tell you check in nigga. Nigga this is 2025. They don't shit. Shit. He yesterday that nigga, nigga, yesterday. Yesterday. You, oh they don't wanna shoot no pool. Shit my stick in the car. Here we go. You already said some real live vision shit.


Said He said y'all out here I challenge You to get on both of us, get on our knees and see who could piss up the pole. That's some wild shit. I was like that's some wild prison shit. Like I don't want no point. That was listen bye Dick. To the piss show. Yeah. Was like man you some shit. Fucking me to our activities. That ass nigga Goochie. How was going down this week? 3 1 3. 3 1 3 day man. Today supposed to be epic.


Every motherfucker artist in city. Yeah, definitely, definitely the city gonna be crazy tomorrow. Tomorrow night. Tomorrow. I just want to say this right. Yeah Because for me, understanding the history of the D. Yeah. Free. That sound a little crazy. Not on do. Yeah There's got got got West side, east side. He used to, you know, be a little addict now niggas just kind of like put the bullshit to the side. Two six bro. Focus more on man that to get some money. What was the term that that made, that happened? It seemed like when, when both sides lost, you know Lost somebody made Somebody, we lost rock and they lost soda.


It seemed like at that point it was like, yeah we, we on some bullshit. You know what I'm saying? Life serious, let's get some money together because the city been wanting us to get together and do some shit. But it was kind of just egos, you know what I'm saying? Like we over here, the niggas over there, but you know shit, niggas squash that shit and got money. Yeah. It Wasn't no blood shit. Yeah it wasn't no blood. Shit Wasn't Like Nobody Marking each other. You know what I'm saying? It hundred percent. You know, just egos for real. You know. Hundred percent. I commend y'all those man. That's a loop man for seeing the bigger picture man. For sure, For Sure. You know what I mean? Because it's easy to keep the bullshit going for sure. You know what I mean? It was just time, man. You know what I'm saying? End of the day nigga, nope, we didn't want to end up like, you know, people before us, man, you know, we wanted to set a trend, a different a d have a different relationship man.


Build something that was bigger than us. You know what I'm saying? Set legacy for our kids man. Right. And I feel like we did that man. I feel like we did that. Like right now niggas, there's no such thing as a east and west thing. You feel what I'm saying? Right. Like that's a big deal, you know what I'm saying? Absolutely. Come in Detroit For sure. A hundred percent Because our, our, our big dogs, like our older homies, you know what I'm saying? That that East west shit go back to that, you know what I'm saying? It got ugly facts. We lost got ugly. A lot of, you know, we lost two legends from that. So it's like the same thing. History was about to repeat itself. So The fact that, that y'all was the ones that broke the cycle Sounds like See a lot because niggas, you know, niggas will die for you all the time. Man, I'm gonna die for my own. How about living for that nigga?


Man y'all, That's why it was such a big deal for us to, for the city to see us all on my stage. Absolute. Absolutely. And we had a ball that night too. So crazy. Shout out to Bill. Supposed Heard about y'all and everything and, but I wasn't up up when y'all then, you know what I mean? I knew who y'all was, but then when I seen the presence that y'all had in the city, I was like So serious. Yeah, Yeah. De yeah. You know what I mean? Definitely, definitely. Yeah man. We try to do our best for the west side, you feel me? We the west side of the east, you feel me? But it's all love this way, you feel me? Stay the west. Y'all the west. They the east. But it's all peace baby.


It's all Peace baby. All love, Love. For sure. That's me and a game, man. You already know.