
Hey Million. dollars worth. Of game listeners, You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube? Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right? Listen. Million dollars mworthofgame. Yes. Dykeman Basketball. New York City. Yes. PRESENTED, BY JackPocket. Yes. You see who we got right here? Richard? He Rich Allen Poll. Listen. Richard Allen poll a k, north Philly, Paul, whatever. It don't matter. Richard is Richard Allen. It don't matter now you from North Philly. But listen, Cleveland, don't get mad at him. He claimed it. But at the end of the day, you see where we at, but it's going down. Million dollars mworthofgame. Man. Stop playing games. PRESENTED BY JackPocket.


This Episode of million dollars worth for Game is brought to you by JackPocket to presenting sponsor of million dollars worth a game. Feeling lucky. We'll get ready to try Your Luck with JackPocket America's number one lottery app with JackPocket. You can order Powerball and Mega million tickets right on your phone. They even have official state lottery games every day. There are millions up for grabs right here on your phone. You just whip out your phone, whip it right there. Lottery is in your hand. whip it. It is right there in your hand. This is JackPocket. This is not number two. It's not number three. It's number one. So New customers can get a free lottery ticket by using Code GILLIE. whip it out right now. Whip out JackPocket right now. Oh, whip it. Throw GILLIE in there. Get you free lottery ticket. Might turn in thousands. Might turn into a hundred thousand. Might turn into a hundred dollars. Might turn into some m and ms. You don't know, but you know, you get a free ticket when you whip out that that phone. Download that app JackPocket. And what you gotta do, throw GILLIE up in there. GILLIE get you free ticket. All right. That's called GILLIE for a free Powerball or Mega Millions ticket. And all I'm saying is if you win break, break bread with a player, you know what I mean? you know what I mean? That free ticket got me the Mega millions. We GILLIE. No, I'm just playing. But make sure you do that. Download use code GILLIE. Get your free ticket. Don't wait. Download JackPocket now for your chance to win. Big. Yes sir. Me and os mworthofgame. Right. Gambling problem. call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY. Or text Hope and y 18 or older 19 plus in Nebraska 21 Plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2. Non withdrawable credit. Prize amount may differ at time of drawing terms. JackPocket dot com slash tos slash free dash ticket dash promo slash


You're now tuned into me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me. Million dollars mworthofgame. Yes. You live here in New York City. Indictment. Playground. Listen. Yes. Let me. tell you something very important. I don't care what nobody say. I'm sitting here with a mega sports agent. He already told me on the side he's going to get GILLIE a three and a half day contract with one of these NBA teams. don don't know which one. And you said I could be, I could be able to get on the, I get in the locker room some type of way. I just wanna get on the team. Like what part can I kind of be the towel boy water boy, I just need to get in the game. I'm gonna elevate you. What, where I'm gonna be. Yeah. I'd be in the front office, office front office. I like that. Yeah. The marketing. Hear the market Vice president of marketing one of these teams. No, You going, you going, you gonna be the director of culture.


Mm. I like that. Well, don't worry about Gil, just get me in that jump. See, we ain't gotta worry about Gil, hold up that train. Right. We really outside right now. You see the train going, Hey, this is, IM possibility I might activate my game. Well, Hold on. Nah, we're not about to do that. I might activate my game. He told you he was going be the director of culture. That ain't even no job. No. We gotta create the jobs, Gil. We create the jobs 'cause we control. Cool. We, I they can't direct culture. We got to. Alright, so you know what I'm saying? But listen, you, you know, I need to know what is you looking for as an agent? Who was you looking for? you know what I mean when you, when when could you see him at a certain age? Do you see him at how, when do you first see him and you spot him?


Well, Well, again, I I, I removed myself from agent. I'm, you know, I like to use the word representative because agent A rep. Yeah. Because agent is just, it's such a transactionary word. Okay? So I wanna take that away, but because I'm representing more than just from a, you know, we're not just doing the deal. Right? But what I look for today, yesterday I looked for talent, high level talent today, high level character and talent, right? Because as you guys know, the professionalism aspect of this whole thing is so important, man.


And when you get to that year, 12, 13 and that talent that ran out, you gotta be able to lean on the past professionalism to keep you, you know, afloat. And you wonder why a lot of guys, you sit back and be like, damn, why he ain't in the league? He ain't in the league. He ain't in the league. In most cases it's because while they were there and the talent was here, they disregarded the professionalism. And those same people that were in those decision making positions are now on different teams. Or that was in a lesser role. It's now in a decision making role and they don't wanna deal with it.


And so there's nowhere else you can go in the world and make a base salary that's a veteran minimum in the NBA of $3.2 million as a base salary. And I try to explain to guys, like, you want to be able to, you milk that for as long as you can. And so the talent has to match the character at this point. Because again, the way our industry works now you start to see the lesser of, they're not really, they, they're not really taking the bullshit no more. you know what I'm saying? You, you, you, you, you're not getting that many bites at the apple. You getting one bite at the apple and then it's next. So you, you know, and so if you building a business, if we only focus on the talent and then that talent isn't able to have stand power, you know, because personally I feel like Michael Beasley's supposed to be in the NBA right now.


And Michael Beasley is probably one of the most talented guys to ever touch a basketball. But Talent, Talent also have to be able to value infrastructure too. Yeah, absolutely. And you know, I know Michael Beasley personally, and Michael Beasley's a good dude. And I wish, and I'm sure he would probably, if he had an opportunity to do it over again, he would take a different approach, I'm sure. Right? But the great dude, and there's very few guys to ever touch a basketball more talented than Michael Beasley run. But how do you go about, you are an athlete, you get a hundred million dollars, you get $50 million, you get whatever.


How do you even go about setting up an infrastructure that could prepare you for after the game? Well, I think the first thing you gotta understand is, again, athletes have the hardest job in the world. They take everybody to work with them. You at work, you at work and nobody with you. You get what I'm saying. But they take everybody to work with them because of that. It's a very difficult thing to, to be a professional athlete. Not to mention a hundred million dollars, really 50 million after taxes right now. You gotta multiply that times your dependence. Right? Then break it down from there.


When an athlete makes money, everybody around them stopped working. That don't make sense though. When the, when the, when the CEO of, you know, Amazon gets, you know, when, when that person got promoted to become CCEO, I can guarantee you nobody stopped working. But do you think that's a black athlete versus white athlete thing? Because I go to the league, right? And I, I believe this the side effects of success if I go to the league today, right?


Everybody come across Instagram. I got this much money, all the homies went Rolexes. Yeah. But I gotta take care of my mom. First of all, I gotta jumpstart everybody. 'cause we already behind the eight ball. I gotta get mama a crib, daddy a crib. If he around, it'd be floating or whatever. My sister, everybody want all this stuff. So I gotta spend millions just to just, just off the strength of looking out for them from the rip. Yeah. But, but it, I think it takes two responsibilities there. Mom and dad. That's a must. Right? That's a must. But then you have to be able to have a conversation with everybody else and say, let me allow me to be your back line of defense.


I had to have that conversation with my siblings and all my siblings work. Let me be your back line of defense. Because what you fail to realize is it ain't enough. Can't save your way to wealth. It's, it's just not enough. And that's why I say it's the toughest part. And it's even tougher because what else you gonna do? And now we in this environment to where everyone wants to be everything but what they were born to be. So now because of that, I'm half-ass doing this job and pretending to do something that I'm not even really great at doing.


You Basically saying everybody ain't got it. But the Instagram got everybody thinking they got it. Or you want to put yourself around people so you can be perceived to be Something that you not Yeah. The be the best investment guy. 'cause you hanging with an investment guy or the best, you know, Bitcoin guy. 'cause you hanging with a guy that do Bitcoin and then our, our people that look like us. you know, you know how that goes. They, you always want to be in those circles so you can be perceived as a higher standard than what You really are. Yeah. And to me, that's very misleading. Staying true to you, investing in you, perfecting you both from a craft perspective and a and a mental spiritual perspective is the best investment you can make.


Then identifying those that add value to you through the lens of their capabilities necessary for the house you're trying to build. Everybody house is different. Somebody, people got mansions, some people got town homes, some people got ranches. But that's your house and you should, you know, value that. And that's, I mean, when you see it, that's the problem. Now the business is lucrative, guys shouldn't be going broke, et cetera. But you know, it's all relative today. you know how many thousand dollars hoodies did you think they buying? $2,000 hoodies. Oh, they got what?


See one thing, you see what I'm saying? One thing, back in the day when we was coming up, all we had to have on was some, some, some nice jeans, some nice sneakers. A white T-shirt. Yeah. In your jewelry. You talking about 85 Though? No, we not, we talking about 94, 98. Nigga 57, right? 99. He 57. Now give these kids 47. I'm 48, man. Oh yeah. Seven ain't no 50. I'm just saying Just walk. We have these, you look like 57 though. Now these kids, I can't imagine what they closed budget is. These kids have on 6,000 Outfits every day. But here's the thing.


Yeah. Four months straight. Yeah, but you're not building a wardrobe. You got on an outfit, but you're not building a wardrobe. And again, Break that down. When you building a wardrobe, that means your blues, black grays, browns, leathers, boots, this, that, you know, dress shirts last forever. Everything that it lasts forever. Shoot it in boots because you build and now you go by this, when you have a wardrobe, you interchange seasons and you're adding two. But, but we're, you know this, we've always been taught to do everything accessibly. The only issue, and again, you shouldn't go broke buying clothes, but again, depending on what your infrastructure is, like oh, Who's teaching them to go the other way?


Well The, well, the bigger problem with that is the guy next to the guy, you gotta decide if you want the credit, right? 'cause if you want the credit, then what type of credit you want? You want, you want to be responsible for putting the team together or you want to be responsible for doing the work that you lack the capabilities of doing. It's two roads you can go down. You understand what I'm saying? I'm, I'm gonna repeat that. Say it again For now. You could be responsible for putting the team of people together that does everything that, you know, you cannot do.


Or you could pretend to be able to do all these different things. And it's impossible Infrastructure. But this is what, just what you do, you need The infrastructure. This, because you know what I deal with, I'll be in situations where a person's feel like, man, if, if, if my guy work with them and I I'm standing next to Rich, I'm not gonna get the credit, he's gonna get the credit. Oh, okay. So because of that, I'd rather go over here where this person is not. And, and the, the companies that that we are and I'm competing against on the daily, do you know they use this, they use the mortgage.


Yes. They tell guys don't go and work at Clut. Don't go and work with Rich because you can be rich and you're not going to Divide and conquer. And they eating this up. It's happened. It happens repeatedly all the time. And that's just me. I don't know what happens elsewhere, but I know what happens. It comes back to me and I'm saying to myself, man, we got so far to go because they still using that one. So you need to tell me. See, I'm a rep myself too, right? I, I I'll rep, I'll rep people. I'm his i'll rep his life, right? So what I'm trying to figure out on some real shit, you don't see how I just came to you, right?


'cause I can't take him to four. I went to the NB, I went anywhere trying to get him a dip. I couldn't get him in. I said, step up, go. You got him right? You said I was easy to pass him on because I couldn't do nothing with him. Right? I ain't trying to battle with you or want to Be you, but you couldn't do nothing with him because the talent ain't there or because you just don't have the resources. I got the resources. Why you couldn't do nothing with him then because They, it was a mix between, it was a mix between his age, his medical report. So I said I couldn't, I said, I'm gonna pass from you. I ain't trying to battle with you and say I want to, I want to go start a clutch up and have my old joint. I said, I'm trying to get him in the game. See, Let me just tell you about niggas. They used to talk about you behind your back. Now the niggas talk about you, you sitting right there.


But, but, but lemme put myself in those shoes. Right? For me, as someone in leadership, I had to make the same decision. Right? And when I partnered with UTA, it wasn't for anything other than we're trying to do what's best for the client. I'm trying to envision where our business is going, where the athlete is going, where the mine is going. And I had one or two choices. So I went and partnered with a company that had the resources in addition to the capabilities to align with our capabilities to make me stronger if necessary.


If necessary. I don't need if necessary. Right? But again, I understand that. But that's at this level what I'm talking to you about, it's not even there. I'm talking, we, we down here, we down here because I understand I played every role, bro. I've played every role. So you would think, again, I talk about this all the time. You would think that there would be a, a scenario in which my phone should be ringing off the hook. My phone should be jumping no if ands or buts about it.


But there's two things you deal with what we just talked about. I can't stand next to you. Ain't enough shine for me. That ain't Ain't the point. 'cause you, if you telling me that and you repping me, you ain't got my best interest dog. Because if you could go over there and make me go up here. But you saying because of your ego and your personal interest, it supersede me growing. Well when most Athletes, you going against me man. But when most athletes find that part out, what later you just said it's too late. They didn't, because now you looking at it from a perspective of oh well I got the big deals. Yeah, but you, but you missing I for Mo and I now in this conversation we're having right now, we're talking about this from a superstar level.


If you a superstar, the strategy within and the expertise is equally yoked in terms of value as the money. It is very important. Very important. And most people don't understand that. So you got that aspect of it. And then the other aspect of it that you have is, and again this is, I'm just speaking for myself, we deal with situations where most people want to be responsible for your success, not a part of your success.


And that's an issue amongst our people. People love to say, I did that Or have you not do the job that you capable of doing for the sake of them being able to control your day. Right. Right, right. And that just don't make sense. And this doesn't exist in any other business than ours. It does not. Damn. We said on the side, and you told me the story of how you came up, it was one of the greatest stories I ever heard in my life, man.


Like you were selling throwback jerseys. Yeah. You, you sold some throwback jerseys to some kids from Akron, right? Initially. Yeah, initially. Yeah. Well I was, that was started the conversation, right. The jersey I had on started the conversation right. From some kids from Akron not knowing. And that led to me going down there and selling jerseys. Yeah. And meeting Brian. That's how we met From selling you selling dope In jerseys for me selling jerseys. Yeah. That's how we met. But I wasn't trying to sell 'em to him at the time. Yeah. I just had it on. Yeah, that's how we met though.


But because I was in that business, that's how we met. Yeah. So coming from that to now you and Brian work together, what was it that made Brian put the trust in you outta all the people in the world? Somebody that was, we met from selling throwback jerseys to be like, you know what, I'm, I'm, I'm rocking with you. That's a good question. Because trust is built over time. And so today we got a whole tanker of trusts. It's my 23rd year, you know what I'm saying? But when it first went down's, a teaspoon of trust and I had to build on that every step of the way.


But just talking about in terms of what made him allow me to represent him and have that trust. Currently today, people don't understand. Like, and that's where I look at our environment now. You can't skip steps. I didn't start representing him until my ninth year. Yeah. You get what I'm saying? Yeah. He came to the league in oh three. I started representing him in 2012. Yeah. Prior to that I did all these different things as well as him being able to look from afar and say, plane leave at two o'clock. Rich ain't late. This happened in the league. Rich pulled my coattail before that.


Oh, I got this boat trip. Or I'm in this section. When he did go to the club, oh, rich ain't here. Or Rich missed a boat trip. Why Rich ain't on the boat trip? Oh, he and he at the Boo Williams tournament. You get what I'm saying? Or he went on a road trip and you know, came back empty handed. But he missed this trip so he could be on that trip. Right. Or man, you know, rich got a, you know, he got Eric BSO this year, so he training with Eric. But you know, people so accustomed to the custom, oh, such and such elli.


He had Michael Jordan, he had Patrick. Ew he had, Yeah, but, but they don't talk about why, see, you gotta understand something. Back then the parental thing was different. Right. Situation was different. Most grandmothers were raising these kids and so most of those guys had the coaches. Right. And still to this day, it works like this. In some cases, we just starting to break this down, but this is how it was for so long on those guys, those rep, those agents, if the head coach of this college tell your grandmother you should go with this person.


That's who they going with. That's what I'm saying. Right. That's my point. Like it is like, so for Brian to be like, you know what, I'm gonna break the cycle. The norm is to stay with these people because these people is known for getting it done. These is the people that I was told was the best. But I'm breaking cycle man. I'm coming with you. Yeah. He broke the cycle very early on. But again, he didn't break the cycle just because we was friends. That's what I'm saying. He broke the cycle because he saw and witnessed in rooms, he saw the, the, the added value. Like bro, I used to be in meetings, footwear meetings.


I'm not, I'm not there because I only want to get the gear. Right. I'm gonna get that too. Right. But I'm not there just for that. I'm, when they call on me, I'm a consumer. I'm a real consumer. So I know exactly what to say and I'm not afraid to say it. Right. I'm not afraid to say it in front of him. Right, right. Or anybody else for that matter. Any of my guys that see me in the room, when they come outta that room, they know it's a distinct difference. But again, this is today we didn't, I created a business card we wouldn't allow, we didn't have the business card. Right. You had the relationship but you didn't have the position. Right. All these guys that went to this school or that went to this age and et cetera, you think that guy went and could actually relate to that person.


No. There was somebody in between that had that relationship. I was the same way. when I started the business, everybody came to me. But I didn't want, it wasn't about money. Right. It was about disrupting the industry from a place of care. Right. And not just to be doing something just for the sake of doing it Right. To give an industry balance and to give the athlete more options than what was in front of them. The game was being monopolized by industry that could give two shits about you, your siblings. They care when. Yeah. They care for the moment.


For sure. They care. Why you making them that money? And I understand some of it because again, this business that we work in business, it could be a very thankless business. And at the end of the day, it's business. It's Business. But


This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is bought to you by DraftKings, the number one sports betting app in the world. Now I don't care if it's a touchdown, a td, a tubby in the end zone. Your celebration, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter and it matter more. A draft King sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air with goal line stand, tush, push jump over the top from special teams interception, return for a touchdown. We don't care how you score, we just want you to bet on touchdowns and Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try betting on something simple as player to score touchdown to go to Draftking sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance. Hmm. New drafting customers bet $5 and get 250 in bonus bets instantly and get one month free of NFL plus premium Download DraftKings right now. Come on, pull your phone out. Oh be pull it out Punch in code GILLIE bet $5 and get $250 in bonus bets. What we waiting on? I'm looking now this called the lookout. This called the hookup. you know, in the hood what we call just the hookup. Pull your phone out punching GILLIE. Turn five in the two 50. Right DraftKings Gambling problem. call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gamble. And call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly. On behalf of Boot, Hill, Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash ftball NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus Premium Terms at NFL dot com slash terms.


We only get one shot, right? you know how many times I've been in a situation, I've been in a situation where I had to let guys go, yeah, I'm not waiting to get fired. I'm gonna fire them first because the excuses is piling up, right? And I know where this is going, right? But in most cases, agents don't do that, right? Because they so used to not having a backbone, right? And walking on eggshells. But for me it's about a foundation of respect, first and integrity. If we don't have that with each other, we how can we, how we going? How we gonna do business? That's one thing. But then the second thing is, these guys are only gonna play for so long. So what's the education that they getting?


And it's not just about, again, you could talk to guys about cap tables and all that and sound smart. I'm talking about at your core, you know who you are at your core. And some guys want to hear it, some guys don't. And so going into a, a conversation with a top pick, they don't want to hear that, right? 'cause everybody else is saying Yes, yes, yes, yes. Whatever you need. Absolutely. We're gonna do this and blah, blah blah and this and that. And that's great and that's great as long as you doing this. You may not never, you know, but what happened when there's adversity and, and that's where we set ourself up for failure.


And it's so, but you know, like, again, you're gonna carve it out how it's supposed to be carved out. You're gonna represent who you're supposed to represent. But we, me, I'm not getting a second, third chance. you know, they'll give others second and third chances. Ignore what went on and make up an ex. I, bro, I've had so many excuses be made up about perception and oh man, if, you know, I just feel like if I did this, it make me look different. And, and, and people perceive me as a different way. Anybody did. Anybody, it's like really?


You think that you think standing next is gonna make you Did, did anybody straight up ever tell you? Did any athlete ever straight up tell you like, yo man, me getting with you and you being black going devalue my value. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna have more. It is going gimme less opportunities, Unfortunately. Yeah, I've been told that. How did you take, I won't say by who, but I've been told that. How did you take that With a grain of salt? Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm in a different position now. Yeah. But, but I lost a lot of respect. I, and not that's wild. And not even not, and again, I have several different, you know, races and genders of colleagues, et cetera.


Not even because of that aspect of it, but just because I knew that that was a very like, simple minded excuse for what it, it, it just, you know, like where we come, it just, the relationship was gonna never be the same after that period anyway. It was, it was, it was only a matter of time. Alright. Now, what is the benefits of you being my representative as an athlete? What does the benefits come with me getting with Clutch? With me getting with you? Well, there, I mean, well first of all, the, the education is endless. Okay? The education is endless because it's not just, again, we ain't just talking about basketball analytics.


Let's, let's take that hat off. I'm talking about, as you know, life experiences shape you, you talk about it all the time. Yeah, right? You talk about it all the time. Y'all go all around the, the, the country People show respect because they understand your story, right? They respect your story and your energy gives off a sense of care. So once you get rid of all the, you know, the, the sparkles and all that, like, now let's get down to the real nitty gritty and the real conversations and let's talk about it.


That's where I come in. That's where I wanna sit. I wanna sit right there. And that's what separates me and us. But our core foundation, clutch is an acronym. Knowledge, longevity, understanding, trust, commitment and honesty. Right? And you need those pillars not only in the sports you play, but you need that in life, right? We come from a place where you just was trying to make it back home. Yeah. There's no plan. There's no, we going to Europe for the month of June. There's no, I'm leaving out my house today hoping I make it back tonight.


So when you come from that, my approach to the industry is totally different. There ain't no negotiation like making it back home. Right. you know what I'm saying? None. There ain't none that I don't care what the deal is, ain't what Negotiation's harder than that. No. So my mindset is different, but I know. So, so now I had to do what? I couldn't just make it about me. I had to build a business out. I had to scale the business because I'm gonna be an acquired taste, right? So if I just make it about me, then I'm only gonna be able to represent certain, a certain individual because I'm matter of fact, right?


And so now we've went from two staff members to 130 staff members representing over 400 athletes across four sports, 500 athletes across four sports. My legacy for the company isn't about RICH PAUL, it started with that. But we've, we've expounded way past the RICH PAUL component. There'll always be a correlation. But you know, my responsibility to UTA, my colleagues there, my responsibility to my staff members at Clutch, we're now into, you know, we just announced the other day from the, our, our our sponsorship program where we're now working with teams and doing all their sponsorship, business, naming rights, getting media rights.


you know, we don don't know how many teams we worked with this year where we, we placed a patch, sell the patch for them, building out, broadcasting, building out, you know, all the different verticals of the company. Which when I, we had this conversation before you got here while you was late, by the way, fucked up. He was late. I'm just saying you was late. You right. You right me. Anyway. Accountable. I'm accountable. Yeah. Hold yourself account. Okay, Cool. I'm out of pocket. So the reality of it is, it's like, damn, when I look, now I'm able, the, the, the most thing I'm proud of is being able to come into office and I'm seeing young people getting the opportunity.


We didn't have those opportunities. We didn't have those. But you know what I noticed about Clutch though We're the culture. When I see a lot of deals get done. It's a lot of women doing these deals. Talk about the staff that, that see the staff a lot. I mean I think we probably 50 50 women in terms of our staff at this point. And in leadership we close to that as well. you know, women are very detailed. Yes. First of All, they get it done. Which Is why it's very detailed. They get it done. Yes. And the women in my office are very detailed. The good thing is they're overprotective of me. So they keep me on the straight and narrow about everything. We got a really diverse group again, you know, all type of, you know, races and genders, et cetera.


And that's the thing I'm proud of, you know, because I had to, the challenges I had to face in the industry was everything from, you know, I had to pay a tax for being LeBron's friend. I pay a tax, I I pay a tax for that. Elaborate On that. You LeBron's friend. So you not gonna care about me. You got him after all the receipts. I, no receipts normally mean something they work Using. Right? Right. Used to mean something. But sometimes in most cases, I have to pay a tax for that. Right. I have to pay a tax for this. It's another tax.


You know, we paying tax for this, that's A tax. So you gotta pay the 50% to the government. Another tax for being Brian friend another tax for being black. You just, they, what do you, what is you left with? 10%? My dignity and pride, you know, and, and and my resilience to overcome all that bullshit and keep stumping, you know, because that's what time it is. But at the end of the day, these are the challenges. These are the hurdles. you know, you guys read about it, the rules and whatever the case may be. It's, it's, it's all that. But again, I look back, trailblazing man, it's about leaving these doors open. So don don't mind the challenges. don don't mind. It would, by the way, I wouldn't have it any other way.


Right. I would not have it any other way. I love the way it's gone. It has gone because guess what? It's been earned. It's been earned. Absolutely. And so being able to provide opportunity for others, whether you got a, you know, higher education or whether you coming off the streets. Right. Because oftentimes we ain't really have nobody, we can call and say, Hey man, my nephew or my niece or my baby sister man, could they get an intern? We ain't had that. So for me to be able to provide that, that's the win. Yeah. That's a real win. How important was it for you being that Brian is your friend, he was the, the one that believed in you said, you know what, we starting clutch.


I'm coming with you. Knowing that one of his dreams was to play with Bronny. That was very important for me to make that happen. That's, It was very important for me to make that happen. you know, being there when he was born. Yeah. And again, when you talk about that all the, when I look at the guys that allow me and us to represent them, it means they don't understand what that means. Right. That that is in gold. Right. They are, they are exuding something that we are not gonna really know the true value of it until years to come.


Yeah. To Tyrese Maxey, the Anthony Davis' to Zach Levine, the Darren Foxes. Even down to the guys like Chris Livingston who was 58 in the draft, you know, last pick of the draft. Everybody, the kids doing well now, all the way back up to the Darius Garlands and you know, the Jalen hurts and the, you know all these people that when they look at clutch, clutch is the culture. Kids see clutch and they see themselves. Right. We've never had that example of representation ever. That's why I was saying it was so big by Brian to just not go with the standard, you know?


Yeah. Because, because let's be for real. 10 outta 10 black people going to be like, alright bro, you my man bro, you don't even do this. I know you trying to get into this, but this ain't what you do man. I'm going with Johnny Rothstein man. He been doing this shit since Wil Chamberlain. Man. Most black people going to say that. 10 outta 10. Well, well it Started for LeBron to be like, you coming in this lane. Well I see what you doing behind closed doors. I see the deals you closing. you know what? I'm rocking with you. That was a game changer right there. Yes it was. It was a game changer.


But because Of what you just said it, most people think it was because We was boys. Nah, Hell No. Hell No. It wasn't because of that. It was because I now see, and you've told me and I've solved my own two eyes, the capabilities. Right. See you could be brother, cousin, sister, you know, gym coach, all of that. But if you don't, if you lack the capabilities, you should not want that responsibility. Right. Do you think, you think from, from what I see and what you telling us from what took place, you ain't had no ego to be ap, all purpose, all positions.


No. During the come up during the rise. No. To be able to position you there. Where I'm able to see the execution in you also the value you bring and the trust. We, I think a lot of people missing that. 'cause you sat here and said I was here, I was doing this, I'm going to meet it. Dudes ain't doing that dude sitting there. They'd be sitting there with LeBron like they Brian all the time with the same size chain, the same car, the same. That's what happening. Yeah. But you sitting there and say I can't go ahead 'cause I gotta go do this research. Had to make a sacrifice. I Can't do you cool. You need anything, I'm gonna put this person on you to make sure you was already setting up the infrastructure, doing the journey But, and not stopping there. Yeah. you know, Like, I, I'm not stopping there.


I'm building a business. I wanna build a business. I could have easily stopped there and I would've been okay. But no, I, it wasn't about one thing. I'm appreciative of that opportunity, don't get me wrong. But I'm not stopping there. Just like I'm appreciative of every client. We have to allow us to represent 'em. 'cause they don't have to choose us. They could, they could pick it nowadays is, do you know how many agents it is, bro? How many? Over 5,000. Dang. Do you know how many is basketball players in the NBA? How Many? 450. you know what that means? That means there's multiple people running around here with no clients.


Right. Dang. But that also means there's multiple people running around giving bad information to families. And now the family have to decide if they want to go. 'cause here's the other thing, you, here's another challenge you deal with. Oh man, y'all got too many people. We do, but, but They do too. But it's the flip side to that. We got too many people 'cause we the best. I'm just, everybody come to us.


But, but I'm just saying this is what you, Because they want they money, but This is what you deal With. They want a family environment. But this is what you deal with sometimes. Yeah, but I'm like, but wait a minute. We do. But okay. How Many years Clutch been in, in business? Started 2012. 12 20 12. 12. 12 and a half. 12 And a half years. How much, how many contracts are you negotiating total? How much money? Over 4 billion. 4 billion count. And how many athletes you had in that, in that time? Just in basketball. We probably did that with about Oh 45. Let me ask you this question. 4 billion Out of damn After LeBron came, y'all do the clutch thing. Ba No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's wrong. GILLIE.


I did the clutch thing before LeBron came. Okay. Yeah. But he come over decided come he the first one to come over. Right. He decided to, They all came at the same time. Eric bso, Tristan Thompson, Corey, Joseph and LeBron all came at the same time. Okay. Wham. Who was the first person outside of them to be like upcoming K-C-P-K-C-P. Okay. Contavious called Wall Pope By the way. That's the F. So I, me and KCP talking. And it was a situation where he was like, man, I want to, I think I wanna do this. But he was a little hesitant. Called me.


he like, this is why I'm hesitant. I said, okay, well you know, that's no problem. Whatever. We'll figure it out down the road. I do, we do. We do. Eric Glezos deal with the sons. 'cause remember it took a while. Yeah. Yeah. To do BLS deal with the sons had been to Allstar, nothing like that. Man. When that deal came out, the first person who called my phone Kcp With kcp, you know who the second person was? Who? Kyle Lowry. Not to represent him but because during the season I told Kyle, don't sign until Eric signed.


And we always joke about it now, you know, he Said you was right. We always joke about it, now's my man. But, but it was just, you know, like those guys when they did that, it was, it was disruptive man. It really was. Take me back. 4 billion dollars worth of contract. Yeah. 45 players. Yeah. How many people can say that? How many agents can say that with your timeframe? I'm talking about with your timeframe. Not many. Especially building something, you know, because you gotta think the guy, you know, previous to us and to me the thought process was not to build.


Because you gotta think today. Look at, look at today. You just could sell where the business is at based upon today private equity wants to be involved in the representation business. Yesterday agents was looked at as like a black cat almost. Right? And I actually like black cats, but they was looked at as like a black cat almost. And so the thought process of scaling and infrastructure and building different verticals and things like that, that was never a thought. You gotta remember most agencies, most agents companies was named after themselves. It was such and such. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


you know, such it was named after the person kinda like a law firm. I, I never wanted that. If I do that, I couldn't do this. Now this don't have nothing to do with Clutch Sports Group. The name is just synonymous. But this is something totally separate. So I wanted to have verticals so that I could build out in the ecosystem of sports. So now by the way, I can sign a competitor's client to Clutch Athletics if they was open-minded enough to understand it. You get what I'm saying? So I'm driving upon all roads at this point. It don't matter who you sign with, go do whatever you need to do.


'cause we're gonna cross at some point somewhere. And today they're reluctant. But tomorrow when the athlete wake up and realize, so you telling me you want me to sign over here but they only got 20 grand for me and I can sign over here and they willing to pay me a hundred grand, but you don't want me to go over here because you think it's an agency and it's really a brand man, are you crazy? You get what I'm saying? It's only a matter of time before the athlete wake up to that. Then what you gonna do? You get, you get what I'm saying? That's real. But you, you know what's crazy is like you spoke about so of that and I speak about that and me and Kevin Hart spoke about this too, the power and benefits of partnership.


A lot of times us we think, oh I'm independent. Yeah, you cool, you can be independent, you know, but you could still be independent on all your IP and partner with somebody. They have stronger resources. Correct. A hundred percent. But you gotta, the problem with us is they'd rather not partner with you to be pretending to be, to be pretending, to be partnering with them. They'll go for the pretend all day long just to not partner with you though. You get what I'm saying? Like this is a true partnership. Yeah. That ain't, but I can say it is just because I don want to act like that.


I got more leverage over there than you was offering just because don don't wanna fuck with you because of this or, But mine. But, but in most cases it ain't different than this. It's this making the decision not to with this. You feel what I'm saying? Which is even deeper. Yeah. Don't, let's quit putting the blame on Oh Yeah. Ain't got Nothing to do with they ain got nothing to do It. Put blame on that. That's that's, that's hold ourselves accountable. But that that come from the broken trust from when you younger. Yep. You, you grow up in that ghetto. You grow up in that hood and you see so many motherfuckers doing slick shit doing that. When you get old, you just think niggas be on some dollar.


Nah, I'm not going with him. Nope. But The slick is everywhere. But but just slick. But just Slick is, but in the growing, in the ghetto, we don't get a chance to see the slick everywhere. We only see our sl see the people of our color. We only see No, you see the slick, you just don't see the slick as it pertains in different forms of slick. You see the slick exuded through body language and action, but you don't see the slick exuded through contractual language. That paperwork slick is different. The paperwork, making Paperwork growing up in the ghetto, most of the time we don't even get to the contractual shit until little later on in life. I understand that. But again, At 8, 9, 10, 12, 14, you just been seeing niggas trying to be slick and pull the covers over your edge your whole life.


So now you about to sign a hundred million dollar contract. I ain't going with the black man. I don't trust him. He ain't it. Be like, bro, bro, It's getting, I will say this, be mental bro. I will say this. I'm telling you Matt, We have a long way to go. We got a long way to go. And, And again, I don't want to put it only on race because I think that you have to be able to, if you build the right business and you have the right integrity within your practice, you should be able to represent Anybody. All Absolutely everybody. Small, round, brown, purple, purple, whatever the case may be.


Most people go into a situation looking for the sexiness and not the substance. And that should not come with color. Right. That should come with expertise and experience. Man. At the end of the day, this business that we work in and I work in, which is a service industry, it's a very, it's a tough business and it's getting tougher by the day. Got NIL you got most people, when they're doing well, they think they need less. So they're now not valuing the expertise because what I need that for, right?


I'm killing it. Right. Right, right. I don't need that. Well, but ask that same question to guys that have, because you talk, people talk about brands all the time. First of all, the brands idea is there's no brands, there's ips, everyone that's an individual. Your IP is is what you building value and equity in the, the brands are the companies. Those are brands. Ask the guys who've built a tremendous amount of value within their IP that has now been able to become businesses through the lens of their IP as they done more.


Did they need more LeBron for sure. You don't even know how many people work him. 2000 Steph Kd, just three names in, in in basketball that I think have become businesses through the lens of value that they built through IP and partnership and they've been able to build a business. Right? Those guys, they don't have one person working with them. They got who knows how many. Right? They need more. And you need strategy, you need infrastructure, you need more, more, more, more.


The average athlete thinks, oh man, I'm killing it. I don't need nothing good. And that's the first mistake. That's the first mistake that they make. And I, and I'm people will say, well you biased you in this place. Like you said that. No, okay, take sports out of it. Right. when I, I use you guys for example, y'all went from the, the, the squad house to moving around the country. Y'all just had a camera set up, a tripod set up just y'all two shooting the shit.


Now what you got? Yeah. How many calls you on a day? Why it ain't because you wasn't successful? Right. you know what I'm saying? You didn't go backwards. So that's what people, that's what people, you know don't understand about it. And it's, it's a tough conversation to have especially in today when man you know they still hitting us with the money card and we're still going for it. Yeah. At the end of the day with These NIL deals, right, do you think it's going to stop some kids from achieving their dreams?


Because I feel Like I feel like some of these kids gonna end up at the wrong colleges over money. They not gonna end up with the best fit over money because it's like, okay, I could go here, this could be a better fit. This could help me fulfill my dreams and get to the league, but this college over here giving me a lot more money and this gonna help me right now instead of in the future. Well yeah, I think, yeah, I think that can be very hurtful. I also think that there's a world where we're gonna start seeing where it's a cap on that. But you're right, your decision shouldn't be based strictly on money.


Don't get me wrong. Like some, some families they need that money. Some players they need, you know, they need that money. But the pro guys, If you really got dreams to go in pro, they Don't, the pro guys, if if, if this person wanted to pay you 2 million and this person wanted to pay you a million and half, but this is the best place for you to go to, to better position yourself to, to reach pro per, you know, pro positioning, then that that other 500,000 ain't gonna mean as much because just putting you in a better position, which where you may be have a better performance, perceive better, get better, build better habits, have better education and now that's gonna help you have longevity where you're going.


So you gonna make that up anyway. The guys that should be going for the most money is the guys that know they ain't pros. Right. Get all the money you can get now. But what I'm saying is you got a kid right, that he live at the top floor of their projects building right there. Right. He eat out, that's that laundry mat right there is where he washed his clothes at. He, he done spent damn day his whole life savings at that poppy store getting chopped cheese right there. Right. And you saying we gonna give you a extra 500,000. Yeah but you can't de you can't depend on We talking about kids that ain't hadand Nothing. I understand that. Yeah. And they saying we going to give you extra 500,000.


Yeah but to a kid that never had to come to LSU over Duke. In what sport Basketball. What, what? Okay we gonna give you extra 500,000 to come to Texas a and m over over Duke. In what sport? In basketball Then? No, I'm not doing that because if I go to Duke for less my positioning, my perception, my brotherhood, if you just count the guys that are in decision making positions and Duke within our league that come from Duke. But Rich, that kid up there at the top floor of that projects, he ain't making that decision by himself.


He got his mom in there. Understand He got his grandmom in there. Understand he got four siblings in there. They like man, get that money baby. I understand. So, but that's, you know, that's The, that's the real decisions that these kids is facing. You gotta live, you gotta live with that. And a lot of them, they dreams is going to be crushed in the end. That's What he's saying. They ain't gonna get the fast money Now. But that's, but again, life is about decision making. Life is about decision making. And I wanna say something, the only reason why we didn't do this in Cleveland is because our schedules. Yes. Because I don't want nobody from my city. Y'all were just there. Yes, were there Rich, why you ain't doing it in Cleveland? I would rather Get our schedules in, didn't Permit our schedules didn't I just want to Right.


Full disclosure. I want to put that Out. Let's do that now I got a question. Two questions. I've been representing Gil for a while. I've been trying to get even a lot of like it's deep for me because I had some meetings with the A BL, the BBL and a bunch of other LS leads. Right. And the BBL nobody would take it him. Can you get him A one Dare the B. Wait a minute. The BBL wouldn't take it. No. He just had a D, DL on. No you But that was the other day. We ain't gonna talk about that But but this what I'm saying like Rich, I I only want him for one dare and I'm gonna tell you why want that one day he going to snap so crazy they gonna come back and sign him for real.


Well let me tell you where GILLIE messed up 'cause he had it. Gil, I'm gonna tell you where he messed up. 'cause you had it, you had a real opportunity when you start having the pros on the show and then you wanted to, you should have never put that on camera because your defense, you can't move the puppy. You won't play no defense feet. He don't play. No, no, no, no, no. And and on top of that, on top of that, there's no way he's gonna be able to get up and down the floor. What? Too much. Oh No, no. That's what I do. That's what I do. I this No, that's actually his medicine. But You mean no it ain't. Come on. We know the b lemme You going in a pa Lemme explain something to you. That's some of the best medicine.


But I will say this too, rich nigga. But Listen, he, but listen Gil, you not, you not working out though. You getting up every day? No. Some people do pushups. I do Pushups with that dumbass fight song. Fly. Oh you go. That's the team. You see what happened yesterday? Yeah, I know it's a team. I rock with the Eagles. Yeah, we got a lot of eagles but I don't wanna hear him singing. It used to be in Germantown back in the day. Oh, okay.


This episode of me and Osworth game has brought to you by none other than New, Amsterdam Vodka. Now life ain't going your way. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka, you caught chill. Woman cheating today. Shot a New. Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming and it didn't come your way. Shot a NEW. AMSTERDAM boxers distilled five times. It's filtered three times for a clean, crisp finish. Now you could drink it straight up on the rocks juice of soda. Or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. That's up to you. But when you out and about at your local liquor store, don't you dare walk past this new Amsterdam. You scoop it up like a fumble at the gold line. You run it to that counter. Boop, get it home, put it on ice in. It's gonna be everything you like. New, Amsterdam, Vodka get you something. The official vodka club. Barstool. Sports. NAV. New. Amsterdam Vodka. And it's just like that, right?


Nah, nah. I was in Richard Allen. I go Richard Allen. Yeah, He keep, he keeps seeing Ray. I You, so one thing about Philly, I go South Philly, west Philly. North Philly. Nice town. Mm, okay. Moving out Germantown, Mount Airie, Manny Young. I go all through. They, they love me in Philly Real. Alright, now back to what I'm saying though. Listen, we Understand. So just so you know, underst, just so you'll get twisted Gil, Could you get him a deal? I believe a lot in myself, but I'm gonna be honest with you, that's one thing I couldn't do. What about a shot shot? First of All, I thought, I thought all people with your first names could accomplish anything. Three first names. Three first Names? Yeah. What is, what's your middle name?


Allen. Damn, this motherfucker out three first names. Hold up one more thing. Richard Allen. Richard Allen. That's why he like Richard Allen so bad. Yeah. Let me just say this and I'm not joking right here. And Gil could tell you this. My game been matched up with, let me tell you, these players hold up. Let just say this, yo. Come on Wa Kai Drexler told me like two weeks ago that my shot was soft. That's all I'm saying. he said that. Damn, I had a big shot. I had some big shots. Clyde Who? Clyde Drexler. A legend. he Said I know He a legend. He told me some You ever heard somebody tell somebody they shot a soft? He said that's a soft shot. But listen, no, let me just say this, let me say this. They say my game is like Sean Kemp, Rasheed Wallace, Draymond Green and Dennis Robin all together.


Right now I need to know something 'cause you know Brian like that. And I need to know this. when I, see we seen Brian. I run up by and said what we doing man? What we checking? Rock. He laughed. Was that nervousness or was that him being smart and laughing at my game? Who bro? Tell him come at the man. He walked up talking about what's up, what you doing? he said that? Yeah. Yeah. And He Laughed bro. Bust out laughing man. You know. Why Was he nervous? No, he was nervous for you? Because here's the thing. If he, if he Attacked you and then I told bro, I seen Bru Shot.


If he attacked your shoulder, if he attack your shoulder, That's, that's Listen, I'm, You've been in the hospital for two weeks? No, that's, that's, that's, that's it. That's an offensive foul. No, I'm gonna set up, I'm gonna set up. You Gonna take a charge? I'm Gonna take the charge. My god, nobody taking a charge from bro. Shut up man. Oh my God. But Listen man, this we appreciate my man. Three three first names you knew he was destined. Be great. Richard Allen, Paul, Richard Allen, Paul Richard Allen, Paul North Philly, Richard. Hey Listen. man. I wanna give a shout to my best cheese steak place in in Philly that I like. Isga Bibb. I knew he was gonna say Isga Bibbs.


You gotta go to Taste Cheese. I knew he was gonna say. I said I like Bbs. You gotta go to taste cheese. Steak. Yeah, Taste Cheese steak. You gotta go to Taste. Cheesesteak Got Cheese. Cheese. Everything. I tell my man, my man got from Phil. I told my man Gotti from Philly. He argued me up and down Isca Bibbs. I just had Isca Bibbs two days ago. Man, I Have to have it. when I go to Philly, Shout out to Inka Bibbs. Shout out to Rich Allen. Paul three first names Richard Allen and Paul. That's be great. you know North Philly Paul, you know. But think about the importance of Philly to be one Mitchell ness. That's where it all started. That's where he started. Started to see he was selling throwback jerseys. What about Total Sports? Did the replays, it started, then it went to Mitchell. Did he And Total Sports? Think about this. Total Sports. He was selling Throwback jerseys. Sold Brian and his friend some bootleg joints and came him up Bootleg.


You had some bootleg joints, you had some Canal Street, throwback jerseys Just like that. Right. You had some Canal Street throwback jerseys. Nah, yo. What you wanna do? What you mean the fuck? Fuck. you know I'm, you know you don't do that. I don wanna see your shot while I? don Rock that rock. It don't matter baby. You know, do that Rich. Yeah, I wanna see Rich. Can you talk about how good he shooting and all that? He'll do that. No, I wanna see him shoot. Yeah, You know what I do. You don't Do nothing. I see him shoot You know what I do. Come On, come on, come on. Wild. This for the Lamborghini. It's for the Lamborghini. This is for the, this for the Lamborghini. Lo It for the Lamborghini. This Just put it on the truck. Ship it to la. Just ship it to LA yet.


I ain't even Drive it. Look at it. Look at it. Look here. I don't even drive it. It's too slippery out here. This my range with my rain jacket. No, Come free Throw. Oh don't do me. Don't do me like that. Don't disrespect my game. And I come up, I come up. Listen the left, the record. Hold let this up. Look, Because we gotta, we gotta let this, you know, I, I'm put this shit out on the record for New York City. Right. Any given day I come up Dikeman and put 20 up. Gil. Or put 50 up. Any day, any given day, any given fucking day. Just let the record. Yeah, right. Do that. You better look me up Any given day.


You better look me up man. I bet. you know what, they called me up here though. Man. Please Show. Oh, I gotta warm up. Show up. I gotta warm up. What? What I got what for 10. I'm gonna go with 10. Hey Gil. 10. Hey Gil. Come on. Watch this man. I need you. You get Five, you don't get no 10. I get 10. You Do 10. Best outta 10. Best outta 10, man. Air Force Arm two. I just had surgery Just for the Lambo. Don't say that. Oh for three. Come on nigga. Come on. Come on. You can't go O for Winfrey man. God Damn. What'd you have Sergio? On your toenail? No, he had a DDL. Man, Don't play with me. One.


One for Four. One for four. Don't with me. One, four. Ah, One for five. You lost already. Come on. Come on C. Ah. Two for come six. Come on here. Gimme that One for six. You gotta shoot 10 of 'em. You gotta shoot 10. I'll be back here pulling up in the game Man. Come on. He he making while two seven Listen. man. Come on. Two for seven. Two for seven. There you go. Oh two for eight. He Had surgery. Man you gotta look me up though. You dick. Surgery. Surgery. The building now in this joint. Three. I come out here and shut this building. Wait, got one more. You got one more conversation Doug?


Y'all think I'm lying? Doug? They had dick surgery man. Nigga added on man. That's tent man. Three to tent. That's Ted. Come on. Come dog. It's too slippery y'all. That don't mean nothing. Come on. Come on. That's tent. Look for the Lambo. For the Lambo. Come on for the Porsche. Come on. Let's see what Rich. Jeffo Like. Rich. You ain't, come on you rich. You was the water boy. Man. You ain't What for what he was. I'm just warming up. He got warm up. He got warm up. No, no. That's Warm. No, ain't no ain't Man. Look at the cold like that. That was down. Come with that bullshit man. That was down man. Oh for two that was down. Get in there girl. One for three. You ain't got nothing. Come On man.


Get in there girl. No I. didn Lost already. What you come on man. Don look at the, your hands off of what? You already lost two for you. That's two for six. Ain't no two for six then what the hell? Hell come. Hold on. Lemme see something On Two for seven man. Come on. Come on. Finish. I'm running back. You going finish warm up? I two for seven? Yeah you better. I I mean you got at least tie him.


You got three more? No I don't. Two for eight. David. He's a bum rich. All look the same. He was a bum. You got OG back there talking heavy. Whoa. Just me. Come on. He was a rev. EVLL. No, no. I tie tie up. Run back. Ho. They don't even want me to shoot. No, no, no. Let's bet a thousand. Bet it. How many shots? Hey hold, relax man. I put it on one looking For more Philly Shit.


And I got, and I got that old money, The reality of it. Oh for what? Come on S. You Came home with your commissary. Follow through S Oh O for two. Come on. Don't let Rich get off on us. Ah come on. You going let A nigga with three first, first Names get out G Style. I might just go part B. Yes, O. Before you going let a nigga with three first names. How much you got? No, start over. This is real. This real. Oh this real now? Yeah This is oh for four man. One for five. Come on cus one for five C. Same shot. There you go.


One for six. I it back there man. He got me man. There you go. Two for seven. Come on S He go down Three eight s. Come on cus same shot. It's muscle memory. There you go. Cus four for nine. It's muscle memory cus Yeah s it four for four foot 10. Damn. Come on you. You got the fuck outta here. You Got it. I got it did it too. All old bills too Got Kenny said we got court right There. Oh shit. One for one. Look at it. What's that for? For the young one. I don't play no court. Me, I playing. I'm playing with the red carpet. Baby ain't come on man.


Money. Shit don't mean that money. I'm gonna Cut it off. He tied you up already guys. Five. He cooked you already Damn. Six. He got a game he warmed up. So you just got hustle by short Ross? I did. He play, he ran with to play with me come through the first time with a dumb joint. Come with the dumb joint. He come through with the dumb joint. I got him.


Get that money up there Wall. Get that money up there Wall. Get that money out there man. Give it to the people money. Money from eight. From giving the people I can put some on that. I can put some more people. Alright, I'll give it to the people. I'm give it to the people man. Hey man the Chevy.


Yeah I'm tip. There we go. Go buy you something nice. I ain't like that old school Cleveland Huling shit man. That was Some old school Cleveland Huling shit. Man Had that. I had listen messing couple, Missing couple come on the rim, what's going on. I was because no seriously. Yeah I had to Paulo a sucker man. He hustle Listen man we out here Dykeman basketball New York City. I just Rich, we gonna talk about the game. Don't even Talk. Leave it alone. Rich Cook Wild. I Just came outta, I just came outta surgery.


I'm a little wounded so my wrist wasn't like, you know you Got the DDL surgery so we cool but, but Listen man at the end of the day, at the end of the day, Gil couldn't get in none of the leagues. The BBL, the CBL, the NBL. he said he gonna get him in the NB. That's all I'm saying. Richard. That's it for one day? Nah, he gonna sit with me at the game. Oh Shit. All with some good seats. I take that seat. No, no we need seats. No, we need him to play in the game. Listen. man I do real business while I Ain't gonna let Oh so you're saying he don't do lemme just This, you say your game, if Brody played one on one, you think I'd score four, four Would destroy you. You think I get 4, 5, 4. What points? 5, 6, 1 9. That's his 20 year.


What you talking about Dog? I just, you know I just, I just, I just lost the Donovan Mitchell tender four. I lost to Tre Young Donvan Mitchell had on slides. No he didn't have ball sneaks on on. He had his leaders on. No Listen I scored on him twice too. Listen you my man here, Just leave it alone. Leave it alone. Yeah listen, if you relax we know you can play 40 and over. Oh Don't, Don't play nobody over 4, 5, 3. They Don't play that shit. Throw Go put me in no dinosaur league. Okay. You in the six foot under league? No I'm not Six foot under six foot. You keep doing these shots at me Rich. No, that's a real league.


I thought you was Six I. don played those six foot under league. Six Foot under league. That's a real league. That's A real league. It a professional league might get, we might have a shot. You. It's what I'm saying. That foot Under league. It's just a start. What type of contracts they got? What A power forward Y We Not listen. Yeah when y'all come with, we not doing none of that. We're gonna enjoy the day. Good Grub game. We ain't playing nobody on our roster. You cannot beat none of them. You cannot beat not one. You Got somebody this roster? 'cause I put it on you. I got you can't beat Taylor Horn Tucker, BJ Boston. I'm naming the young guys. Who The shortest Darius Garland. You cook Darius? How outta That talk? That talk cousin? That's my cousin.


Crazy's cookie. Cookie. don don't know what they putting in the kitchen C running from me cousin. No, no, no, no, no. I got Him cooking it. Do you? He's gonna be barbecued the sauce and all. Come on man. Come talk to him. dkng. When he was sitting there and he was just Like I come to Cleveland. Ain't I told Devin Mitchell, I shoot better than 60% of the NBA. That's a fact. You, You think you can cook Darius? Yeah I The Game can Be close. No, I put you with you should. You and Dre Fox. Yeah. Yeah. We both left-handed. I ain't, I ain't put Him on the grill.


Let Me show you something man. Look at the follow through. Follow. Look at that. I'm Not even looking at follow through baby. Because you ain't make that Shut up. Cameras assing the cameras didn't see it. I cleaned it off. Snitch. I give a Young guy. I give you a young guy. You can't, you can't talk. He was injured today, this year but he ain't even play yet. He be injured playing against me. I tell his achilles Young guy in our young guy in our roster. Who? KJ Simpson. Oh nah. He don't know enough up here man. You can't. Nah, I got 'em up here Man. I bet you won't score Three. I would bet my life to a suitcase full of shit.


I'll score three On KJ Simpson. On KJ Simpson. Bart Simpson home of fucking Simpson. Not Bart. Whatever Simpson. He his father. Big KJ Gil. You are not scoring three on KJ Simpson. When we setting this up As if I call him today and he's healed, we're setting it up. Make sure he healed. 'cause I don't want to, I you, I'm not supposed to be guard with that. You want, you Won't score you cookie and I know you, you definitely won't score on Scottie Pippin Jr. You won't Score two bro. Cook Scottie Pippin Jr. Man. Oh my God. He's a junior. I'll give you all the young bucks. He's a junior for a reason. I would've put, I saying numbers up on his pop.


I was wrong for Oh KS not Scotty. Oh my god guys. You talking about Scotty man. Well Mike, not him. Oh My God. Don't Do that. C you getting a little crazy. Do you know how good I am bro? Cut that out. Listen, I, Don score four points on anybody. Oh no you're not because You already said Scott, You're not Score points on Ty this down on my neck. Tyree. Who? Tyrese. Max. Max? Yeah. You not Scoring four on Tyrese. Don't do that. Don't do that. Do that. Don't Disrespect your six. You might not. You not score four on who? Get the ball first. He Do. Oh what you do? You wanna do the best outta 10 can do that. Fucking we can do that. Got Roddy. Come on Rich. You first text Best out 10 you first.


So you can't never fuck me up again. Don't worry about it. you know what I mean? Jump shot represent all these players. Y'all laughed at my shot in the warm up. Alright y'all, you need to warm up and shit warm. That's a warm up. All one ready?


This shit rich so nervous. Two for four. Three for four. We ain't worried about this shit Rich. That shit look pretty too. Going at look how see the rotation. Leave his arm. See how leave his arms up there. Look at it. You think he showing up? Yo, look how you leave his arm up. Look at it. Five for seven. Look while you know open him up man. Not on duty. Not on duty. Diddy. No, Diddy six V. He making, he making sure. No Diddy. This is crazy. You going six for 10? That's cool.


What's that? Seven for what? Nine? Yep. Seven for nine. Alright. Alright. Hitting the rim. Step up. Yo. Hitting the rim. You hitting the ri tape behind the line? That's one he missed one. One. We at Diman? Yeah, you see me out here with auntie? He think he see what happened. Oh for two man. Oh one for two. I don't think I done listen, I'm just a mediator for y'all. I just was one for two, you know what I'm saying? For three man I five.


You done that. This man right here, this shot. You done two for four. You got watch. Niggas like you can't catch watch niggas. You got watch niggas, you gotta watch niggas like you ain't no need to shoot no more. What you mean? What you mean? Three You still gotta beat me. Started from, he said one for four. I had 2 0 2 for five, then that's two for six. You gotta beat me. That's two for six. Man you gotta beat me. It's two for seven man. All that. I want the rice and all this shit. Shit. Yeah, you got three for seven man, I'm just letting it be known. Three for eight. Kelly, stop playing with me. Four, stop playing with me Gil.


You my man Gil. I love you Gil. About none of this Gil. You my man. I love you. Ah, that's one more. I got one more. I got one more. Four for nine. Four for nine. You my man Gil, I love you. Fuck college. That's 50. That's 50. Say you shoot better than 60% of the niggas in the league bro. Alright. Don't miss I get a warm up shot bro. Warm. Alright. You get a warm up shot. We all got warm up shots.


Oh he gotta, no, hell no. No. Who we was shooting NBA right here. Yeah. Yo. I told you he gotta beat me. He not going to beat him but he gotta beat me. He gotta beat me. The kush up it the kush ups. I ain't do no kush up. Come on man. Come on man. Go and make a shot check. I'm sober though. Don't worry about that shit. That's cool. Back you gotta make four in a row. The pressure on you gotta make four in a row. What's that? What's that? What for? What you, you gotta beat me.


I don't want hear nothing make yo make sure this going to grim. I need to see your peoples know that you ain't beat me. You ain't beat me. Now we bent some under yo. What's up? What happened? What happened? He beat Me. What happened is y'all got dig pocket. Hey. Hey C Gil Needs some money man. Gimme thousand dollars. Gil needs some money. Five. That's cool.


Come on Rich, get to the community. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. we out here. We ain't. What you mean ain't first? Yeah. Gotta bet. So I've already, now we bet. And I'm setting you up now. You won't beat me. I just need my buck. You want me to go? I just need my buck. Oh we bet. A hundred dollars. Yes. You ain't beat me Thanksgiving bud. Bring it back. You want me to go eight? Shoot with first then you want me to get Oh, so you want a hundred dollars and you quit. No nigga I'm from Harlem. We gonna double it back. No, I'm from Harlem. We gonna double it back. But we double it back then nigga. They want me to go on what? How many? How many? 10. 10 back. Fuck you mean. Fuck is you talking about nigga? Yeah. Your mind. That's why I talked this shit to you nigga. Now. Now. Yeah. Yeah.


This what I talk that shit to you back. This one is a whole different game nigga. Looking at you. Scary ass. Whole different game. Whole different game. when I bring that North Philly shit out. Ain't I Bet you O for three. You going O for Winfrey nigga. I bet. And you. You going for Winfrey nigga. Hold on. Watch this O for Winfrey nigga trying to tell you Gail. Gail, I'm trying to tell you all that shit about to. Yes, the stick. Yes. My wife bring the stick Rice You for five, you for six. It's gonna be easiest. One for six I got, I gotta hit two. One for six. I gotta hit two. One for seven. I gotta hit two.


I gotta hit two. I gotta hit two. I gotta hit the last two to seven. Two eight. I got fuck. It's all right. You better make more than two. Two eight. Oh I got one more. Yeah, I got one more. That's a fact. Two, I got two. This one short, two for nine. Go gimme three Philly. Shit. Two for 10 niggas. There's a difference when I talk that shit to you ain't ah. It's big difference when I talk that shit to you. Ain't yo, I don't wanna say, you know feel you know. Oh you gotta shoot man, put that shit back on the ground because you gonna have to give it back. Pause nigga please.


What fuck you talking about nigga? This is what I do nigga. Don't miss the next one so don't miss the next one. Fuck How close you get nigga? I give a fuck. How close you nigga? you know what? My fucking don't miss the next one nigga. Okay I won't nigga. Oh yeah you did nigga. Oh in and out you see? Yeah you know that's yeah. Yeah you got seven more shots. you know seven more nigga. You bet not miss. you know you're done. You bet not miss. You got a better chance seeing Jesus sitting Indian. Your style by that. you know. I know, I know. You my man. I know. Fuck off nigga. That's off nigga that's off. You nervous that hard played. Yeah I know I making one.


You ain't gotta worry about that. Make two though. We make two One. You made two already hit two. I know you bring four out. Nah that worry about none of that. You ain't gotta do none of that. Make it nigga outta here nigga. You outta here nigga. Alright nigga. You nigga here nigga I set you up like Rich said wild or what? You outta here nigga. he said I set you up like he set him up. You outta here nigga. I set him up like he set you up, nigga up. He thought he thought it was a game. You thought this shit was Instagram. Huh? You was wrong nigga. You was wrong.


He they doing, he just threw the shoes rest that nigga. Yeah. Oh that's all my fault. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What's that? Oh seven for eight seven. He thought it was his Instagram. Matter of fact, let me Step Back to my range. Now let me Step Back in my range. Now this my range back here. I come down on young niggas from Dykeman. That's my ring nigga.