
Hey, Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right?


This episode of Million Dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by JackPocket. Feeling lucky? Hmm. We'll get ready to try your Luck Whip JackPocket America's number one lottery app Whip JackPocket. You can order Powerball and Mega million tickets right on your phone. They even have official state lottery game. So you just whip your phone out. You ain't gotta run to that whip, whip, whip right there on your phone. Everything right there. What we talking about? Official state lottery games right there on your phone. New customers get a free lottery ticket by using promo code GILLIE. So listen, go on there right now, get you a mega, get you a Mega Millions a Powerball ticket. Or me if you win. I don't wanna break down, but I do want to break down. That's all I'm telling you. And that's called GILLIE for a free power ball or Mega millions ticket. Don't wait. Download JackPocket now for your chance to win. Big Good luck. JackPocket America's number won the lottery app. Why would you go anywhere else you wouldn't? It's JACKPOCKET right? Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older, 19 plus in Nebraska, 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2. Non withdrawable credit Prize amount may differ at time of drawing terms. JackPocket dot com slash tos slash free dash ticket dash promo slash


You're now tuned into me. Million dollars Worth a Game. It's a special edition right here, man. This is a very special edition. You know, as some of y'all don't know, we got a new show coming out this year called Gillian Wallow Intros, where we introduce a lot of people that's emerging. But now this is like a collaboration. One of the first ones we ever did. You know, because we like to introduce people. I know y'all see this with some of the biggest, the biggest celebrities, the biggest athletes, biggest stars in the game. But now we switching the game up a little bit and we want to introduce some new people. And this is just an example of what you gonna get on intros. But this million dollars worth a game edition. And on the day we got, first of all, welcome home.


You see what I'm saying? Rio? The young og Flint, Michigan. Rio, the young og. Oh, oh, I don't know. I knew, I knew demario. Oh D oh, Mario. Mario Badass de Mario. Oh, you know Mario running around. Ana Called him Tam Mario, I'm calling. Okay, call him tomorrow. Say no more. Say no more. So that's who you know. Okay. That's what they called him in the joint. That's what they was calling him in the feds. He like, dam Mario, get to the conversation, get in the set. All but we want to get to it. How did, how did the, before the music, how did that name come? What My No, no, your your rap name man. Real. The young old Young og. And why, why did the young OG come?


'cause you had to been some game. There was some game there. I really think like, because like when I was growing up, Like I kind of hung with like my older cousin, like Bud, he here right now. And Like, I don't know, Like I was always like, like every time, like when I first met Mike, he thought I was older than we was kids. He thought I was grown, you know what I'm saying? Because I guess just the way I moved, like, and then I never really, Like, I never had a bike or none of that kid. Like, I started driving early and was just like, you know, Like I was more advanced than the, the regular kid. You know what I'm saying? And it's Like, I don't even know how my rap name came, but I think like, it was probably me and Will talking or something.


But like, like man, I'm really like, you know, they say you make it to be 25, you a OG in the hood. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But Like, I just started thinking like, once I started rapping and like actually paying attention, 'cause I never had social media, you know what I'm saying? Like, before I rap, like never had Facebook, none of that. So I started seeing how other people was moving, you know what I'm saying? I'm like, man, they some kids, you know what I'm saying? But they might be older than me, but like, it's like, man, I feel like a og like I'm chilling. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm, I ain't on that. Like I'm still was young and I'm still young, but it's like I'm an og. Like I'm chilling.


Like that's, that's kind of how we put it together. Really. Like, You know, getting into music coming from Flint, right? The first time I heard from Flint, I was in placement. I was in a spot called St. Michael's School for boys doing the juvie bit. And that top authority came out. These boys were serious. They was representing, that was the first time I ever heard of Flint in my life. And they was representing in a major way. They was, they was confident. They was popping in. They was talking about the town in a different way. So you getting into the game, how did it, how, how did it feel for you coming out representing Flint when so many people didn't know about Flint? Like, was you still confident? Was it a little, was it a little Like, I I I'm gonna do this.


I kind of, I feel Like I had like advantage because like, me being from Flint and like knowing, like before I started rapping, any artist from Flint, like, and any Detroit artist never got along. Like, like they didn't even do songs together or nothing. Like Detroit was like over there. Like they got Eminem, we don't got Eminem. But in reality we an hour 45 minutes away is kind of the same, you know what I'm saying? But you had to go through Detroit to blow up. Not like how I felt because we from Flint. So it's like we ain't got nothing. Like we ain't got no casinos and nowhere. So no famous people finna come here. Like we ain't got no water football.


Yeah, yeah. The water 2014. Yeah. But it is Like, I, when, when I started rapping, Detroit automatically accepted it. 'cause I was with Peasy and they thought I was from Detroit. So for a minute, like my big buzz, they just thought I was from the east side of Detroit. But once it came that I was from Flint, it kind of made me kind of bigger, you know what I'm saying? It like made me stand out more and then it just started going from there. Right. You know, Like I feel Like I brought the, the, the, the, the scene back to Flint. Like, and I mean I don't even feel like that that's really what happened because like before I started rapping we couldn't get past Detroit.


Like Detroit people don't even listen to our music. So the world ain't gonna never with us. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Because the world gonna say we from Detroit, like if ask me where I'm from, I say Michigan, they say Detroit, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like it's never gonna be oh you from Flint. But now you could say I'm from Flint and the motherfucker gonna be like, oh that's in Michigan by Detroit. Ooh. You know what I'm saying? How did, how did, how did you and Peasy Connect? How did that connection start? This, this nigga named kd, he locked up right now. His name Bare Face, kd, he rap too. Like he really introduced me to Peasy. I'm gonna give him a shout out on here.


'cause like KD locked up for, for a homicide too. So like, but he used to be like, like we went like he knew Peasy. Like he kind of had a relationship with Detroit. 'cause he was, he been rapping for a long time. My homeboy bare face. So he knew Peasy. Like he can actually call him like, and to us Peasy was like big. Like he from Detroit, he team east side. So one time Like I was with my, my brother Chris and like we, we was like this one like right before I got indicted really like we was, we was hustling but like we really wasn't, you know what I'm saying? We was just really trying to maintain. Yeah.


They used to be like, man, you probably need to rap bro. Like, because like I'm rapping that little e crib, but it is like my just standing out from everybody because everybody in the house rapping. But it is like, it's coming easier for me. You know what I'm saying? And everybody used to be like, man, you just probably need to rap. Like that's probably just, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. So once, once KD linked with Peasy, like me and KD had just did a song really? Like just on some, I'm finna try to, so I did it, it probably was one of my first videos. Me and KD do a song and like KD go down to Detroit one day and he was just playing a song and peasy here.


He like, who is that on the song? He like, oh that's Louis Ray little brother. 'cause Peasy knew Louis Ray already. So he like, that's his brother. He rap man bring that down here. Like, he hard, like, so we just pulled up on him one day, you know what I'm saying? From there it was like, used to always tell me like, man, you probably gonna be bigger than me man. You know what I'm saying? And that kind of what motivated me. 'cause I looked up to peasy. I thought he was famous. Like, you know what I'm saying? I'm thinking he a millionaire. You know what I'm saying? He like, man, you probably gonna be bigger than me bro. Like, like you hard. He like, I like it. He like, I don't like a lot of music. So him telling me that kind of had me like, hell yeah, I'm finna try that.


But I still was really like, man, I need some money though. Like, because that course like, you ain't gotta get dressed. Like I'm looking at videos, I'm like, yeah, like, you know, got jewelry and like that's what that be the image. So I'm really like, man, I don't wanna do that. I ain't got like, my baby mama just stole this shirt, you know what I'm saying? Like, I ain't finna but they like, man shit, but fuck shit. Make it authentic though. And like when I dropped my video, like it, like the first video we dropped by myself. Like it probably got 10,000 views. And at this time that was a lot on YouTube. Like, especially in Flint, like 10,000 views. So, so I'm like, I I'm finna try to like, yeah with me like peasy keep calling me every day, man.


Everywhere I go. They listening to you down here man. Woo woo. So I'm like, it ain't gonna hurt. I'm gonna try. But I, I kind of like, 'cause Peasy told me before I got indicted, he said man, 'cause he was already indicted, he was finna turn hisself in. He like, man I'm finna go to jail bro. He like, man you gotta go rap bro. He like that dope. He like, I'm finna get you a, a apartment, I mean a room for like three days and had David Wesson come make some beats and just rap for three days straight, bro. So I'm like man, All right. Me and my baby mama just got our first house. The rent finna be due. Like I can't be spending every day at the studio and coming home.


Nothing. Like, I'm like, he like was your baby fuck all that. What's your baby mom Talking you, you playing out here? Nah, she wasn't. Nah, nah. Hell she was, she was down with she whatever. She stole the shirt that had Yeah like real, she was down with whatever who this looked like a fitting. Yeah. Yeah. A video shoot. Yeah, real talk. She was with you. Yeah. Real talk. Like that's my, you know what I'm saying? Like, she ride or die for real like threw the bed and everything. Yeah. You know that shit ain't normal. You know what I'm saying? But did You go in there and bang him three days out in the studio with p He said he gonna boogie for three days.


Oh He was because really Like I, I got it coming. I'm like man, matter of fact I went one day. He didn't do what he said though. Like he didn't book this stu, I mean in the room. I just went to David West's studio. I just pulled up 'cause he told me to. And I did Like I recorded a couple songs and at the end of the night, like you owe me three 50, shit, motherfucker rent 400, I ain't even got debt. I ain't come like planning on spending no money. IA stayed at the crib, you know what I'm saying? But one of the people who was with me end up having some money on him. So he like, yeah, I charged this much an hour and this much for the beef. I'm like, so I'm like, shit, see that's why I don't wanna do that right now because you, he like, see he fucking pack up.


Yeah. Like man, like come on man. Like Hold time peasy. See the big picture. Like he see the big picture though. Got talent nigga. Yeah. He like man that shit just calls. He told me to pull up on the man. Yeah. So how did it go? How did it go for you after that day You was like, I'm off this. Well man, I really was Like, I gotta go get some money. You know what I'm saying? I don call my brother. We doing what we gotta do. Like we really ain't on, but I'm just trying to Survive Something. I'm trying to survive, survive. But like we all still going up at the same time now but I ain't really paying attention to it. So p like man you need to make an Instagram bro.


You tripping. Okay. I make an Instagram probably a month after like when I was rapping already, Like I make an Instagram, it went up to like 10,000 followers. So fast bro. Matter of fact, it was when I, I made my Instagram probably the end of the year, 2018 when I went to jail for them 20 days after I got indicted in February, I came home. I had 10,000 followers like that. It is like the jail made it like, oh, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. So what everybody around this bitches get indicted. It ain't no regular, The feds don't even come to our city. Like we was probably the last time I remember the Feds actually being in the city was like in 2004.


I was a kid like get caught with all day in Michigan and nothing happened. Like bro, I didn't get caught with nothing. Like nobody on my case had no dope. It wasn't no dope on the case. Then I had a legal gun that was registered to me. They charged me with a 9 24 C like a use of a communication and furtherance of a drug crime. I mean use of a firearm and furtherance of a drug crime. But it was really like, he, like when I first got in, like, 'cause I ain't got no record. I've never been in trouble. Like, so the judge was kind of on my side, you know what I'm saying? Like from the beginning, like, and the prosecutor didn't like that 'cause he used to be like, he trying to keep me in jail.


But the judge, like he don't got no background. He ain't no flight risk, nothing. Like he, like he got family in the court supporting me. Like I don't, it don't make sense. So he like, I'll meet you in the middle and put him on house arrest. You know what I'm saying? So they put me on house arrest but like the whole time, I really ain't got no plea. Like the gun come after the fact. The original charge is conspiracy and use of a communication device like a wire tap. So I'm like, shit, I got 11 co-defendants. You Know what I mean? Yeah. That see that'd be the pro fucking problem too. Oh, 11 co-defendants. That's Dangerous. Yeah, that's, that's, that's wild.


That's Scary. And then the craziest part is sixth seven of 'em. I don't even know they first name. Mm. Literally. Mm. So Name I don't even hang with. I don't know they first name. Like nigga Name ado could just tell on you. Huh? That shit get real sticky. It was the people that my brother had around him. You know what I'm saying? So I fell in that. Then that Motherfucker is Rio On in the process of all that you going down, where do the rap, where do the rap really take place? Where do it really like this? It's my time. In your mind, when are you like no this gotta go. When I came home from jail for the 21 days, like they arrested me and I got a, the bond detention hearing, they locked me up.


I gotta stay for 21 days. Got a bond that was March.


This episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by DraftKings. You can win big and on an action at Draft King Sports book, an official sports book betting partner of the NBA. They're sure to be rim rattling slams and no look passes to bring the crowd to their feet. Get behind your favorite players and the prop bets you can make on DraftKings the home of NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something, something simple like picking a team to win. Go to Draftking sports book right now. Go to the app right now and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. So you bet $5 your bet win. You get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Well we talk about score big on draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports book app and use code GILLIE. You hear me? That's cool. GILLIE. For New customers get 150 in bonus bet. If your bet wins just $5 on, on DraftKings, the crown is yours. Put it on wear tightly right Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction Void and Ontario BET must win to receive reward Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash b ball.


I got outta jail February 28th. Yeah, I got outta jail the beginning of March. I dropped my first tape April 9th, 2019 testers. That's when they was like this. Like You put them testers out there to the street. Yeah 'cause we had printed up some CDs and was selling like, and you know, but at the time people, cars was, the cars was just evolving where they wasn't having CD players no more. So a lot of people telling me like man put that on Apple Music man. So I can play it on the phone. Like I'm Like I don't, All right dude that I'm asking Peasy to do it for me. Like around him like man y'all can put my CD on Apple Music.


They yeah we got you on but my fuckers busy and you know what I'm saying? Yeah. So when I got outta jail, my cousin will, that's like my manager now. Like he been making music like he damn near know everything about the music business but he just like, he make music and everything but he just be chilling like, but he come to me, he like man you need to rap man. Like this actually like can pay you man. I'm like, I'm like damn, like how do you make the money? 'cause I've been trying to figure that out And he showing me like my cousin, my cousin which is his girlfriend, like she make music too and Beats. So her name track Sean. So she getting little checks to go here?


Yeah. Yeah. I met, she getting little checks from the music, you know what I'm saying? From her little beats and she putting out, so I'm like, and he like, look at her numbers, look at your numbers just off these few videos. He like man you could get paid off this. Like you just, so now in my head I'm like, so if I just drop more music, you know what I'm saying? And he know how to put it on Apple Music through the distro key. So he, he helped me and I got outta jail. Will gave me a hundred dollars. I ain't had nothing to my name like, and he paid for my cover for testers, you know what I'm saying? And he put that on Apple Music and he told me like, don't really expect no money yet.


Like just keep doing what you doing. He like, they usually don't pay out for three months. They let it bill 'cause you know they really ain't paying out much. So they try to let it build up. But I guess I made enough to where they sent the check in 30 days. So in May I get a check for like 1600. Nah, my mind is blown because like at man 1600, like I'm in the trenches. Like I Like, I don't know nobody who even get this much money like, like on a normal. So I'm like, I'm like what, what can I do to do that again? I want to, what He like it is going to go up. He like just keep doing what you doing. Like he just rap man. The next month after about 3,200 the next month that was 5,000.


I'm like this real, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Niggas calling me, I got 500 to do a something. I'm what? That's easy. Like niggas pulling up, I'm five minutes, Ugh 500. Ugh. I'm feel like I'm getting over on people. But these people happy. Like hey, hell yeah they, I'm so you, so you, so you rap hustling. I'm rap hustling man. Like for real though. Like coming out the house with nothing like 60, 70,000 like in two days. Like for real. And I ain't taking nothing. I'm, I'm taking anything. 5,500 you could probably get probably got a son for me from a hundred dollars, $400 while I was getting millions of views bro. That's how much I was rapping.


Like I'm at the studio. You ain't leaving with no money. You Ain't leaving with no you ain't leave no money on a, On the table bro. That's when his man that you need to step, hey nigga get that $75 back nigga now you're being greedy, You tripping. But at the time it was like nigga, nigga Was taking everything. That's what made people love me though because it is like it got to a point where I'm rapping with fans like yeah never happened. Where your fans like they can make music with you. Like you who your favorite rapper Probably Tupac when You was growing up, how would it feel if you could just say man here go a hundred dollars and I can rap with Tupac around some I ever did that when he, when he got murdered I cried.


Now I'm an adult. I'm like what the, I didn't know in Tupac I was on some dumb. That was the impact he had. I was in the car talking about, yeah. Ah they killed pac. I didn't know Pac. Yeah it was crazy. The fuck was I thinking That's We do, we do how we view life as young. How you feel Life as a whole is totally different. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? Like you said you the young og right? But you always been viewing life on some I gotta get some money. Yeah. Even when was telling you no man you need to do this rap man. You see the little bit of fame.


You like, nah, I gotta get some money man. Yeah I gotta, so when the base around it is feeding your family and now you take that hustle and you put that to this, come on man. Can't lose gonna stop you. Man. I was talking to him a joint like, because like, you know I, he was an old with him too. Like he brick man, you know what I'm saying? That's all he do is sell dope. But like, we used to just be talking and like, like he said, he, he like, he told me like he learned a lot of shit from me and I didn't even know that. I was like, you know, giving game, I'm just, I'm talking to him like since sensibly like man.


'cause I used to ask him like man, like he said he was probably making two, $300,000 every week like of cocaine. So I'm like damn. I'm like, was it worth it? You know what I'm saying? Like, like the time they gave he like, he like hell yeah he like if he like if they, if a fucker told me to do 11 years for a million dollars, hell yeah I'd do it. And I used to be like, man, how Like I money mean that much to you. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like you'll be away from your family for doing this Right. For some money. I'm like and it is way more money out there. Right. And I used to like be like man you could, you made hundreds of thousands, millions of dollars selling something that you don't want nobody to know you selling.


Like how much sense did that make? I got some candy but hey don't tell nobody. So how I'm gonna sell it? You can't walk around with a shirt that say I got dope for sale. See what I'm saying? So if you take that hustle and just go buy some lee and charge more for it the same way you do, you can't lose. Right. It don't matter how it go really. It is all a, it is another game. Like you can, you making a $300 markup, how did this shit, you can go. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. How did you and how MC Mike come together? Probably Like, I been around Mike like 14, 15 years.


Like we met when we was in school. He kind of stayed in the neighborhood. We moved in. Well he did. And like, you know, we stay on McEnroe, he stay on Chevrolet. This is like this like they connected, you know what I'm saying? So we gonna see each other probably every day at the store. And like we probably end up going to the same school. So now we oh shit you from, you know, and I'm driving bitch drive with me. Come on. We smoking weed. You know what I'm saying? It is just my like, but like at the time, like me and Mike was kind like, 'cause Mike used to like breaking houses. He'd tell you like Mike used to break in houses to Mike. That's called the back windows. He was a window war.


Mike. Yeah. Like I never really right here. RMC Mike, r Loyal, creepy, real money counter real money, Real money kind of was a, he was a window with he come through, you just see his foot. He had a logo. His foot be hanging through the window like This. That was his logo, his foot that His foot hanging through the window. Half his body was his Logo. Yeah. I could tell you though, he used to steal tv. Like no bullshit we up like, but the type y'all was, I ain't going in the house TV but I ain't going in the house. That's The killer part. But Mike was too big. How you thinking? Like how this big coming through the window? You know what I nah, He wasn't that big at the time. Oh, he was skinny then. Yeah, he was little Mike then. He was little Mike then he Always had this though. Motherfucker Michael buy liquor, you know what I'm saying?


Mike up in there. Yo Mike in the window. How did, how did, A lot of times he looked through the motherfucker glass mic and there struggling with a 65 s like this. Literally It is shit. How did, how a lot of times when I hear y'all it to me it's Like I be saying to myself, the s is going at it in the studio. Yeah. They trying to run each other off the track. Yeah. Is that the mission? It was a friendly competition. Yeah. Because every time y'all just be like, sometimes Like we just be helping each other. We be in there talking like, like if I'm on the mic and something come up, shit, he'll just say it. He'll push me to the or shit. He like just say this, you know what I'm saying? We just, we help each other.


Same giving it Same time, but it's friendly competition. The same. I wanna see if I can go harder every time like me up on that one. You know what I saying? I'm gonna be honest with you though. Like me and them changed him and eed had changed my whole record because I used to be a writer. Yeah. And it was like, you know, I with them and, and then I, we go in the boo I get to write, he s would be done with the son before my first dunk. Yeah. So it just be on, I just gotta get in there and do it. Like nigga the same way they doing it. Right. And you know how it shit Practice, practice just keep doing it. You get better at it. You feel me? How, how did, how was it when you knew he was going in? Did y'all go crazy in the studio? Like we gotta do a bunch of songs Every Day.


I mean that was already, it wasn't even Like I Killed me to get me out the studio That it was already natural Every day. Like I was once I made them this broke kid checks. See, see the best game I can give you right is is if you don't learn to love that because, because it is really hard to learn to love someone that you really wasn't into. Right. It's Like I, I'm not, I'm not a rapper. I really wasn't even into rapping. Right. But the people chose you. Yeah. The people said this hot. Yeah. So now it's like okay I got something.


Nine outta 10 s gonna say I got something man I gotta run with this. Just 'cause the people like it. But they might not fall in love with that. Right. Fall in love with that is different. Like, you know what, well you sacrifice time with my kids for this. Right. So you might as well fall in love with it because you Like I gotta leave my babies to go do this. I gotta, I I'm gonna be going for a month to go on tour. I gotta go. So I'm just going half it when you have you gonna get half as the money time. Yeah. You gonna get half the money. You never gonna reach your full potential. Yeah. People like you so you always going to be able to get the money, get to the, but you, You don't want to level out here.


You wanna level out the up here. Yeah. And that come with I I gotta fall in love with this shit. Yeah. I gotta even be willing to try that. I normally don't try. Yeah. I you know what, you might scare me singing on a record tomorrow. Yeah. But it ain't never gotta come out. Right. But you ain't gonna never say I ain't tried it. Yeah. I gotta because it be the record that you least like the the most that the fans like the most you be Like I ain't even like that record like that. That shit going crazy like that. They love that. So always like that. Get in there man. Fall in love with the process and try different man. I don't care how you feel about it because at the end of the day only you and your homies gotta hear it. Yeah.


Oh nah that ain't it. All right. I tried some put that two shot even what I'm saying. Yeah but you gotta try some. Gotta try. If not it's just like he just keep making the same songs over and over, you know what I mean? And then what's so crazy about y'all is that y'all in a space where you gotta keep dropping. See when we was coming up my drop, you not gonna get another album for two years. He going to live off that album for two years. You gonna tour for two years Now you drop album. You don't come back for three years later now it over With you G The young og you like Stole My name.


He like you. You wasn't rapping for You gotta drop a couple months. I thought you quit. I feel Like, I feel like as a, I feel like if you make nine days with how with the old way because it is not like that. Right. I feel like if you rap you should drop a song every quarter period. I mean a a tape Every quarter, four times a year Depending on how good. Matter of fact, no matter how good you is, like you just give 'em a tape every quarter Or at Least long. Two takes a year. At least at the minimum. You Gotta be strong though. You gotta be strong. They gotta be strong Because I'm seeing big artists drop a tape and that don't even last. Yeah. 13 days. Yeah. Nobody give a Yeah. Yeah. We in a time where people don't.


And I and it's starting to get like celebrity is so accessible now that the value of it is dying. That's exactly what's going on. Like people don't even care no more. I don't care how big of a artist is you. And it's Like I ain't, I think the entourage is killing music because a lot of artists got too many people around them and ain't nobody telling them like yo dog the same you saying right now. You was saying that in 2022 you saying in 2025 you not hot. Ain't nobody saying that. There's no evolution, there's no growth. You are rapping the same. You not taking me nowhere as a fan. Yeah. Why should I stay with you Bunny? I don't care. And the jury, the cards, none of that is stream.


No it's like None of shit. None. That shit don't really mean nothing no more because at the end of the day everybody got it. If you go to the club in Atlanta Right. Just, just say we go outright it's going to be 2000 in the club and it's going to be 1600 with jewelry on. Now granted only 300 of them going be real if that a hundred. But let's be for real it's gonna be standing right next to you. He like this and a good don't know the difference. She actually looking at him like it's better than yours. Yeah that's the middle of the mall baby.


Yeah but they don't know the difference so. And then you got women that find out and then they don't care. Yeah. Be Like I already gave him some, it's too late. His old kid is fake. Yeah. Fuck the Porsche picked me up in was his man's. Yeah Tyro. He got me. It's too late. He already, I gave him some see he finessed me. Yeah. So at the end of the day that don't even devalue of that don't even mean That's why the music al the music gotta come first. It is like that music, when you go in that studio you gotta be building songs that can touch people and they can feel beyond everything because it's a battle of the jury to close that everybody.


But when that song come on and it can connect with different demographics, you know what I mean? It can connect with different cultures, it can connect with different generations. Now you got something 'cause that one song that two minutes, if it's right you could run that for 18 months tomorrow. I'm just, listen Meek Mill's been running that for 18 years man. That's What I'm saying. One song, all you need is one but you could be running whereas though you could and then you could really go live, you can put your paper together. You know what I mean? Because I think we live in an environment. Right. And I was telling Mike that noun is about the studio has become the block now with people just in there to be in there.


You selling the same package that you was selling a year ago. Slinging. It ain't nothing evolving. It's not gonna change. You can't go from I'm slinging hey the hell I'm selling little low work. When when you gonna get to selling bricks bro? When the, when the quality of music. When the music gonna go from being a package to a brick. Yeah because it's so strong. You understand Then this is how you do a bridge. This is how you create a gray hook. When you go into that studio, you make that hook first and then you build around that it's different. Now you got some 'cause now the worst thing that happened, the consumer of music and the fans and on social media the artists put the consumers and everybody down with too much game 'cause they gave 'em too much.


So now they smarter they know how to listen to music. Damn you saying why you think they so critical? Why you think they say Nigga Cole real quick? Oh he Cole. We don't listen to that no more. They got too witty And Like I saying it's great for y'all as y'all still cramming up because now ain't nobody pressed with the big time celebrity no more 'cause it's over it. It is too accessible and if you too accessible you kills the value of it. I keep it all the way real. Everywhere we go we bigger than all of. Yeah. When we don't leave with none of that. Yeah. I wear sweatsuits every day man. I'm a old You don't know I got money that's on you nigga. Yeah I don't give a what you think. Yeah so, but we make a human connection, Authenticity, You feel me?


You gotta understand if a see a regular fucker who they think is a celebrity, they go you yo dig go such and such yo dig go. You know what everybody that see us say I don't give a fuck if he's 17. I don't be 59. Yo not yo. That's the, that's the introduction. Yeah because A personal connection He make us so much of a personal connection that a feel like he can play with us like that. He like he feel like you know how many say man you man I'm sorry man I seen you day man I think I knew you man. It's like no nigga use a nut nigga person when he got the nasty rag smoking That Reggie weed nigga We make a human connection that's bigger than any jewelry watch Bentley plane or anything you can do.


We make a human connection. We in the airport and the girl walk up on us and say man y'all like my fathers man I lost my dad out here man I listen to y'all every day. Y'all like my father break down and start crying man we in the mall with trade the truth with a shit load of celebrities for trade day. This this kid walk up, he got his girl with him. He start crying in the mall in front of all these celebrities. He didn't give a fuck about none of them being there. He's sitting there looking at us Like I love you man. Y'all like my fathers man. The other celebrity sitting in there like what the is going on here? This the type of connect We make because a lot of times the music had always made the human connection and grabbed people heart, soul in the moment in their life when they going through it.


Rod Wade is a prime example of the connection of a human where people was Like I could feel it was crying at the concert and we gotta get back to the music where my like it's cool to say you, you feel it's cool to say Like I lost my, if that's your type of sling, I lost my woman and this how I'm gonna get her back. And I, they don't do that no more. You Know why? Because say if you, you a ho for who? Whoever out here that's doing it, you know what I mean? The dirt could. When you say like that, you know what I people can relate to that Because you know how many people, it's really not pee out here and really just regular human beings and like man, you know what I mean?


I lost my man cousin. I dude I don, I can't sleep, I kill die. I kill like the dog on fire after this takeover for that. That's real. Like I want my bitch. You know me dude. Relate to human connections. You know how many dudes that be out here talking to this police shit Call the chick. Where you at? I got the GBS. You said you was going to Walmart, you had, you had the s What you doing Don't get my away. That's like nine outta 10 dudes. But Instagram got you faking it like you pee. Yeah. Like all these dudes ain't don't be pee. Why you think most of the most of the in the black community get killed going to jail?


Rappers not with each other is about some, Always about a because if we rappers and you got a shit load of money, I got a shit load of money. You live in the 15,000 square foot house? I live in the the 15,000 square foot house. You got all the cars outside. I got all the cars outside. We, what is we beefing about? Because listen, Other than my side kid was at y'all, you knew that was my side bitch Now motherfucker They knew that Was my my bitch man on the way to get that mic. The whole way to get that mic. Yeah man you know a rat man.


Yeah Rat man. Yeah he's a rat man. Told on what whole time you find out. You don't know the story that he my baby mom. But I'll tell you I don Rat pulled down. He pulled the gun out on me. You like what? Yeah he going now war starting. We trying to kill him whole time. He until he say some ling on Instagram. This is all about your girl man got a picture of me like Nick. Nick you was, you had this way to die about this because listen, Let me tell you something. The only time you really see dudes really, really bleed out is in a prison yard. In prison. Yeah. That's what be going crazy. You see that Hang that phone up is mad. He just want to wreck because I was see I was a DI ain't gonna front out this y I'm been telling myself I called nigga, I was like your cousin do me a favor man you drive through the block today.


He said the blue cross in front of the crib. And I had a long time but I was like she ain't answer the phone. Nigga called me. I was Like I need you to go through the block. See if that Blue Cross said nigga Fuck on the investigation Like I was in jail. We FBI you, you talking you just got a dub. You better some. I writing 90 page letters a day. Just putting them out them drawers like this. Like bibles poof dropping in the joint they sent him said you Fed too. He went to jail as a kid. Like he went to jail at 17. Like so he really that's really that your first heart, your first love What? And then when And then and then and then when they come and tell you in the yard see the word, there's no fuck that man told me about baby lay.


So I'm in his joint. Right. They come to the joint like wow what's up? You know when somebody fresh come to the jail, they ready to give you the whole street politics' going on, give you the update this and the third boom boom, boom, boom, boom. So a dude don't know. You might be in the jail minute but you still writing the love shit all caught up. Yeah. You got two, three years. You all quoted my baby. She come and see me here and there hit me with the joint. You remember the joint? Yeah. 'cause my man was messing with, he was knocking the joint down. You used to talk to, I'm like who? So and so, so and so. I'm like this Your heart Stop. My shit was Like I had to catch myself. Like who? Yeah. And I'm Like, I just was on the phone with her early. He tell me yeah my man had that on Miami other bitch.


I'm Like, I go in the, she right. I go, I'll never forget, I go back to the joint. I leave the yard, prison yard go back in the cell. I did one of these joints. Ah. I scream right. I laid down near the toilet. I'm like this yuck the fucking, I'm hanging over the toilet Like I can't breathe. The guard coming. Is you okay in there? I'm like yeah, I'm All right. I just had, I just faded. I caught a heat flash. I'm in the la so now I'm trying to keep my composure because I with a jump on a fold and say some s but I'm Like, I called and I'm like baby, what's up? Right? You really felt like that while I, I felt like that nigga I I was in jail was Listen bro, dude You didn't feel like that 'cause you just said I had a good one.


You was out there man did the old big thing bro. Let a nigga had a cool you, that nigga was Pee. For real bro. Like I I bro, I ain't even call home Like I really didn't need. Oh no he ain't call home either though. Like I like his Harvard jail relationship would be, he would call home for four months straight and then you ain't talk to him for two years. That's how it be though. Like, and then He'd call home and then talking day and then just go missing for a year. That shit be hurting you talking to a mother. Shit. You hear the seatbelt clicking in the background shooting in the car. No. See it was different for Nah, nah. See it was different for me. Yeah because when I was in the penitentiary it wasn't no cell.


I'm calling nigga crib. Yeah that's And then I gotta call and catch his. Yeah. So I gotta catch him early in the morning. That's why. Damn they doing a whole why you think beat, why? That's why we can be in the hole. Dude. Dudes used to always call home from Gerald early in the morning 'cause you catch everybody. Yeah yo, you gotta get on the phone yo. So I'm catching yo, what's up? I'm like, he like no I gotta go mt today I'm see you going to mt. What you gotta do? So now I'm zoned Like I could have been there. Yeah. You know what I mean? But it's like when you was in there, you seeing anything happen? How was you feeling peasy doing this thing people doing? How was you feeling man? Because it's your peoples, you in jail At me Like I was, I niggas doing that. You know what I'm saying? Like I really ain't even talking to 'em like that.


But I know they popping it like, you know what I'm saying? I'm talking about it in here like, you know so, and I'm looking, I'm yeah nigga it niggas looking better. I'm judging off what they look Like. I getting fat. That's just a good sign. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like I seen two years. He fat now why ain't j big as hell? Like last time I seen him, you eating shit Mike, you going jail. Mike was like one 10. You come out that nigga like, you know what I mean? Two 50 now. So you like what, how, what this nigga doing? Yeah. I'm like shit that shit, you know that shit be like, it is, it is a good and bad with having that cell phone because it's like, it make you see, you see everything. So you And then you on all day you ain't got nothing.


But I've never been on Instagram so much in my life man. Like I feel Like I knew everything when I got out. I don that's what But it helped me though 'cause like most come home and be lost, you know what I'm saying? Like, and that like fuck you up because like it was, I know like that like literally during my bed, like went home and got killed like yeah but at the type of it was in jail. I'm like, yeah you how many nigga you fucking, How many you seen go home and come right back. When I got to the low it was a lot of, it was a lot of people in there that they wasn't, they didn't, not on my vehicle but they'd just be coming back.


I just see them coming back. Yeah. But in the dorm, like nah, they been here before, right? Yeah, he was here two years ago. They violation like it was a lot. But at first I was at the camp, you know what I'm saying? So you ain't coming back to no camp once you gone like that shit a privilege. Read that. What date is that? November 29th. 2023. What'd you say? Big bro. I love what y'all doing man. Real don't come around too much. Just gotta give you your flowers. You did some most can't do. And I know 'cause I'm experiencing it right now. Big bro, you make me feel like it's light at the end of the tunnel. Keep going. Y'all gonna be the biggest platform in the game.


Watch. And that's when you hit me. We was hitting each other on the DM all the time, all these dms. And he said, you know the last time I, we we kicked it was, he was like big bro. I said, he said, I mean great spirits man. I got 20 days left it over, I'm ready to tell my story. I said come, come get it. And we had to get it done. So I feel Like I want, 'cause like a lot of everybody been trying to do an interview, you know what I'm saying? Like, Like I told Will, I ain't doing no more interviews. Like after this I want do one more with y'all, but I want to go to Flint. Yeah. We Can come up there P custody right now. You know what I saying? Yeah. We gonna come up there. But it's like now you home. How does it feel coming home?


Is it, first of all, you was hyped when you did that video came out and you did 10,000 and now in three weeks you do 10 million on the video views. How does that feel? Honestly, You don't feel like nothing like, Like I, I'm happy all that, you know what I'm saying? But it is just like, man, I'm just fresh out. So I'm like man that really, I've been looking at life for what it is. And it's like, it's cool, but but it's more to get Yeah. Like what's what's what's really going on though.


You know what I'm saying? Like really Like I know a lot of people are killed for that. You know what I'm saying? Like literally like, but it's like that ain't Like I could go harder than that. You know what I'm saying? There's more people in the world like, Like I be feeling like where everybody at Like I got a million followers but this rapper got 20 million followers. Like where are these 19 million people at? They don't see me. I'm gonna tell you some real, and I hope this might ease it. You got a million followers and you got 10 million views on your and you ain't playing with the machines. A lot of these followers is not followers.


They robots. Sure. So we gonna keep it like the big people was paying for a lot of shit. It makes sense now. They was paying for a lot of shit bro. You should be happy that you got people that really deal with you. And it's not robots, it's not fixed str it's not, you don't have that. You did three weeks, you did numbers that some of these dudes can't even do. For sure. With 20 million Followers. For sure. I can show you some artists, you be like, he ain't even do that. He ain't even do that in three organically off the field, off of field. So now you just gotta keep human Connection. The human connection bro. You can't buy that. Robots can't Do that. And I know when you all saying that, it it, it makes sense. 'cause like since I've been rapping, like, especially since I've been in prison, but since I've been rapping, Like I done literally seen grown men who like killers like, like only like on, they like, like they cry like, like to me.


And I be like, yeah, Like I be laughing but it be like that nigga really be like, trust me that much to cry in front of me like a grown man. Like, but that's what it is. It is like a connection bro. Like I never like, like you, you wouldn't even believe this. Like I've never been into a fight in my life. In your life. In my Life. You know what's crazy? I just told him 20 years I did in the joint. I never had a rumble man. For some reason, for some reason he negotiated some I was never negotiating. No, no, no. I got something else you might want. You know what, I didn't never do that. I didn never offer my, I never offered my innocence.


Never. My innocence was never on a platter that wasn't on the menu. But I will say this, like the average person in the ghetto never had a fight. See the issue is nobody talking about that. Why you think a lot of my nephews or our nephews around the country, they go to the peace. 'cause they never had a dad there to teach 'em. Not saying you didn't know how to mix, but that's why everybody died in the neighborhood. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? Times I went to sleep in the, in around the way. Hit me with the right. I'm asleep. I get the back up, I get back up, slide right up in the crib. I slide right up in the house. Shit. Shit ice my damn, I'm hiding from that. I don wanna run hell for a couple days but then you gotta think about it.


Camera bring egos that Camera see was Was no candle, only anybody seen it. Sock mic. Somebody, whoever was there seen it and I, and but my, I would always vacate the premises quick. Yeah. Whenever I woke up, run to the crib, slide in the house, get the ice pack and go to sleep like, you know what I mean? You wanna go to sleep because you Like I made it out. Yeah. Now you touch one of these, they gonna shoot you to your shirt catch on fire. Yeah. And they going to do that life sentence and be happy about it. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So that's the issue. But that's regular human being and it's fucked up as this black people, we say stuff and it seems somewhat normal but like, you know, that's normal life.


You know, the average person don't go to 10 funerals a year. Yeah. That's like insane. But we so disconnected from the human, the human way of living that all our is trauma and it be fucked up. So it's Like I don't, the average black fucker ain't have just like you, but you think everybody don't. But I just think We getting to, I think even with you going to jail, you getting back in the tune of just like regular life. Like just spending time with the kids, just doing real life. Be like, this is more important than being with the Homies. Yeah. You Know what I mean? For sure. So, you know, I just think the growth. Before we get outta here, I want to know this, what's the biggest lesson that last bid?


Torture. The first bid. Last bid? Honestly, because you said It opened my eyes. That's like, it opened my eyes to like, like what I learned in prison was like, people like, 'cause Like I really don't like deal with people. Like I'm probably antisocial, but I'm social. But like, only when I need to be like, but like, just being around so many people every day, like, it was like, man, you really can't trust people.


Like, right. Like, not even like fuck, just like actually doing something to you, but I can't trust your judgment. You know what I'm saying? Like, that's really all I learned in jail because they put you around a lot of people. But life lessons, I didn't learn nothing because I didn't do nothing. Like I never been that kid. You know what I'm saying? I ain't feel, I feel like God sent me there to like, for this, like this music to really be like, man, what you wanna do with your life? You know what I'm saying? Right. Because when I was out, I, I was rapping, but I still was like fake, like, this probably ain't what I want to do. Like, you know what I'm saying? But now Like I just got understanding on Like, I gotta love it.


Yeah. Like, I gotta love, like people really love me, like, right. Like after people love me after four years, don't music like that. More people there, it's like leaving, like you leaving to three people. Like All right y'all. Then you come back, it's a hundred people there. Yeah. Man, what the, and they all waiting on you like, right, man, what the fuck? Like, there was only three people that dropped me off. You know what I'm saying? S like that. Like, it was just a different feeling, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. But Like, I wasn't, Like, I didn't do pushups in jail. I didn't read Like, I was really rebellious. Like, 'cause I'm like man locked me up for some money. Basically. Like, that's how I looked at it.


'cause it's like, what did I really do? Like you saying I had a gun in furtherance of a drug crime, but you didn't even charge me with a drug crime. Right. But you gave me this charge because this is the one of the only charges that the judge can't go under. Right. Once I accept the plea, the judge can't go under no matter what. And like, my lawyer kind of AlleyOOP me, you know what I'm saying? Because I didn't know about the federal law. I'm thinking I didn't even think I was getting charged with my gun because it was my gun. Like I didn't see get caught with a gun in an ounce of dope. And they basically telling pick one like, which one you want to get charged with? Yeah. We going to keep throw one out and pick one. So I'm thinking in my head like, man, this ain't finna be nothing.


It's funny you say that. Every time I see my lawyer it's like, It's funny you say that, man. 'cause I'll never forget the time we had. We, we, we, the police pulled up on us, but they was ready, you know, the car was hot. We had some hot in the car. And GILLIE, I'll never forget this, what the fuck happened? He said, man, man we gonna be, because we threw the gun, threw the gun out the car. He like, man, they ain't gonna catch him with nothing. I got his s that had a half ounce of, of raw of powder. He snorted a half ounce of powder like this. I'm like, because he like, is anything on my face? I, I brushed his face off.


I brushed his face off. I'm like, we cool. He was like, what? Come on. I got it. 'cause so he like, he was just like this. So the police came, he was like, yeah, what you gave him the id? They was like, y'all ain't got no, y'all ain't got no like, we just had regular IDs. He was like, no I ain't got nothing. He said, you wanna get out the car? He got out the car And all of us got hit. 'cause he started walking into the traffic. Ow. I'm like, 'cause yo yo they're like, is he All right? I said, yeah, he just had a beer. He is okay. They said, y'all might gotta walk. So he said him on the count, on the, on the curve. He kept passing out. I had to wake him up. It was wild the fuck outta, but we didn't, we didn't have to pick half ounce. We snorted a half ounce of raw God Damn. That was REW because we talking about, we talking about like 90, this like 91.


That was pure Cocaine. Yeah. Pure. It was, it was RAW. It wasn't hit. It wasn't re rock. You know what I mean? He, he went crazy. This That's wild As shit. Because first when he threw it up in the air, you would've thought it was like LeBron when he'd be like this. Yeah. It was anywhere. I'm Like, I caught a little, couple joints. I'm like whoa. You know what I mean? He caught me. But I was All right. But it was wild. But now that you home, tell us about the new projects. Tell us what you working on. What you and Mike got coming. You know what I mean? Got a bad motherfucker number. Me and Mike finna drop. I'm finna drop a tape on the 10th. Okay. I'm finna drop a tape on the 10th for ep. Yeah. We just was listening to, it's called What you doing today?


Real, you know what I'm saying? I probably done record about 40 son since I been home. Mm. Y'all got a tape coming together too. Yeah. Me and Mike. Like, I'm, I'm in mode right now. Like I'm just pulling up beats rapping. I ain't even listening to the beat first. I ain't doing no hooks. What about, What about Features? I don't know. What if somebody sliding your DM right now for a feature Near everybody that want one right now, like that's popping. But I'm finna do it 'cause the people want it. You know what I'm saying? But I'm really trying to focus on my, because I told you I was rap Pussing when I was out. So I was so accessible. Like I was doing songs with literally anybody. Everybody. But it helped me. But now I don't feel Like I don't gotta do that.


Right. I'm cool by myself, but you know, for the people then it's a few people I want to do songs with just to see if I can 'em up. You know what I'm saying? Like, because they kinda like, a lot of the new sound is like from what we created, you know what I'm saying? And it is Like, I be hearing and I just be like, man, that's, it is like, that's funny man. Like I be wanting to go see what I can see. You gonna get, You gonna get on the track and run on somebody. You, you gonna run on. 'cause y'all playing with my Yeah, y'all still in this lingo. Yeah. I wanna show 'em how to really do it though. In the process of it really, I want 'em to come see how I do this because people be thinking I be like that take how long it take me to make alum when I'm in mold and then back like everyone and then like, like them and ain't no that's cool.


But I don't, it is really all on how hard to beat is. Like So you freestyling Yeah. Punching in. It's kind of like writing though. 'cause like you, it is writing, you know, free freestyling. Like I feel like freestyling is just Coming in Is rapping without stopping. You know what I'm saying? But we might punching what the business is, you know what I'm saying? But you just doing it as you writing the lines in. Yeah. In your head. That's all you doing. Punch. Because When you freestyling you can't remember this shit because You No, you freestyling. You rapping by anything you Anything a man With the green sweatsuit On. Yeah. With the Air Force. When people say freestyling, I be wanting 'em to know like we Punch in like that's different.


Like yeah that's kind like bridge jacket with the black sleeves. Oh no that's freestyling when you going in, you write that. You just writing it in your mind. Yeah. And you just getting the bars out as you come up. Because when you write something on paper, they had to start here. You see what what I'm saying? So we just leaving the paper of it. I'm writing it in my head. Yes Sir. FaceTiming you. I got somebody Little boat. I was with him yesterday Night. Oh man. What's up dog? Hey, hey. I was calling you to tell you That's my guy. You gotta Shoot that video man. From last night. Yeah. Nah. For Shit.


So Yeah, He wanted to really listen in the game man. Back in a couple Days. Yes. He's, yeah. You know I'm here the Game. Yeah. I need that song with you in dc. You ain't send that to me? Shit. Which one? I just seen you all of. I'm gonna see you all up. We did a couple them. So that shit was so hard. Yeah, Really. You need to send me auto songs from last night. Them bitches was crazy. Yeah. Damn. That's the t Crazy. The name of the TI ain't gonna lie. That different man. Like I, I'm, I'm happy that that I was gone. 'cause I can bring this back and show people like this really different. Like, I'm gonna let y'all here some like nah, you Now you gotta play them From that. Crazy.


Yeah. You activated you in a mode right now. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You, you can't stop. You just gotta keep dropping. That's all. You know me and I'm in, I'm independent. Right. I'm in the best situation you can be in as a artist. Like I'm at, I'm starting from the top, you know what I'm saying? I don't have nothing holding me down. Like Yeah, just keep that consistency because it's, it's, you got to, you got a light on You. Yeah. Finna burn it out. Shit. You Gonna do a revival? Nah, you ain't gonna burn it out. You gonna keep it going. Mm. Until it go out. Yeah, but it ain't gonna go out if you Can. Yeah. I been, I I was, I was in jail and I say, man, I been rapping six years now.


They say, if You don't make it in two years, like, you know, and I be like, sometimes I be Like, I ain't make it, but it be like shit. I don't even listen To what nobody said. Ain't no Ain't no rules to This shit. I don clean that window. Nah, I own this house. So you know. This serious. You made it. I made it shit from where we came from. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I can retire right now and be straight for the rest of my life. Right. You gotta take them to Flint. You gotta Show them. That's what I said. I'm gonna take them to the hood. We ain't got no public schools, none of that. Like, it's the real hood. But our whole city, the hood like, it ain't like another city where this is the hood and this is Not the Yeah, we know that's the hood.


It was the only police in America where the water was Fucked. Yeah. We ain't got no mall or none of that. Like it's the real hood you go to. No damn what ain't doing at the new suburbs When coming back? I be back on the 14th. All I bet I'm gonna be here. Say That. Yeah, man. Send me them songs bro. Don't Forget, take songs. He, I'm gonna text them to you. All right. Say that. All right Johnny. How you Say? All right bro. Love, love. Yeah. That's my boy right there. He came to the city and set it up. Yo man Come to Philly too man. I heard, I heard y'all.


They love me down there. How you get that? My nephew, I don slapped. Huh? Yeah. See come On baby. We gotta stop showing my Connection. This on a, on a, on a, on a, on a episode. Just, Yeah, I mine and it's still mine. I steal grind.


He said 20 Times. I knew Baby Mother. Yeah. Seal came. Seal Pine Red came from Mike. I know it's G Wine. Listen, we ready to get up outta here, but Listen man, it's up. Appreciate you man. Appreciate y'all. We coming to Flint, man. Yeah, y'all gotta come to the real coming to Flint man. Welcome show Y'all what? Going on? We coming to Flint. Maybe y'all understand the music a little bit more. First of all, you know, you know, you know Michigan like our second home, Detroit, we ran. That's We done beat Detroit up, man. See We a little different. Y'all gotta come Flint, make it right down to Flint. 50 minutes. That's All right there like broken glass man. This million dollars worth a game.


Million dollars. Mworthofgame man. A million dollar house. And it's just like that. I.