
Hey, Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right? You're now tuned into me, me, me, me, me. Mi min million dollars Mworthofgame. Yes. Listen man, you know what Rob? I'm gonna get straight to it. What? The hellie? Yeah, definitely. What the Helly Bur Is is all over the place. What? The Harry Potter? Everything. You feel me? How how did you come up with that? Really? Like New Orleans came up with it, man. Like the whole New Orleans was saying it and I just, when my friends started saying it around me was in the studio. I'm like, man, we about to make a song right now. And that was just that freestyle. Now, now as I was talking to you, being an artist today is, is extremely scary because the fans is fickle and you don't know.


And it's like you got so much coming at you, the label telling you to do this, social media telling you to do this, your team telling you to do this Twitter, telling you everybody telling you to do something. TikTok, how do you stay focused man? And how do you know? 'cause you gotta be creative in a world where everybody is emulating each other. How? How? How do you stay creative and Focused? I think just do you just, do you like I been because I fell in that trap. Like why I felt like I was, but you gotta step back and be like, man, that wasn't me. You feel what I'm saying? I feel that your, I feel like I was trying to be like other rappers. So I'm like man, I done lost myself. Like that's why this album is like, you might not hear a lot of hooks but you gonna hear me like you ain't gonna hit nobody else.


You feel what I'm saying? Real. So let me ask you this question, right? Because when, first of all, let the world know where you from. I'm from New Orleans. What war? Fort Wal. Ninth What? Fourth War. Ninth War, right? Not for sure Now I just wanted to let the world know if anybody out there that's watching it don't know where he from. When I first heard this record, it took me back to the first New Orleans roots that I heard and that was juvenile. It, it kind of remind me of juvenile, how high record. You feel what I'm saying that was, but you a nigga with the big body Benz, how you can't keep a girl 'cause you keep all her friends.


Huh? That that's what it kind of remind me of. Like the modern day that because you just popping it and at the same time you just saying what the hell he, you feel what I'm saying? But you popping it. He was saying Huh? And you just saying what the hell he nah for? And it's, it's almost kind of the same Nah, for Joe, but But you wasn't even thinking nothing like about that when you was making a song. I was. Oh You was? Hell. Yeah. But I wasn't thinking about, huh? I was thinking about bling bling. Like I wanted, I wanted that like I wanted to have like a culture say this for 30 years down the line. What the hell is it? Is that now I know it is like they're gonna see it in 30 years.


They're gonna be saying what the hell is still, that's all I wanted. For real? Yeah. I wanted a culture shift like that. They say blink. Blink, Right? Was it relaxing to be able to, because this seemed like it was a relaxing song and I know it's a lot of pressure man. And I, you know, we talk, you know, I know the fear come in because the worst thing that we, we don't want to do these days, especially as a young artist is we don't want become irrelevant with there's so many, so many artists coming out and there's so much. But but it seem like, and I always tell Gil tell you this, I tell all the artists, right, especially the ones that they popping in AZ Hot. I tell most people, I say listen, you already got your hits.


They somewhere on that hard drive. You just overthinking the Overthinking It like you'll be sitting back, oh man I gotta do this 'cause TikTok said this. I'm trying to, trying to catch a song and it's like, bro, that hard drive in that backpack of your engineer, that song you recorded a year ago, that might be the one maybe you don't want but everybody is scared. Everybody out paranoid. I wanna drop, I don't wanna Drop, I don't lie. And that's, you gotta sound ain ain't gonna lie brother. I've been on like I'm out of that thinking 'cause I was in that thinking you gotta get out of it because gotta pass you up off some that like just your own self, you holding your own self back like yeah. And that's what I was on for real. Like holding How long, how long you stuck in that spot where you just was paranoid? It's funny 'cause I never was paranoid 'cause I had, what the hell they already Oh you already And I knew what they was going do.


Okay. So I wasn't paranoid. I was how long You had it? I had that for like a year now. But I'll tell you, everybody got it. They already and you and, and listen, think about it. It ain't got nothing to do with today. It ain't got nothing to do with what's going on today. You already had it because your best stuff that you created already, like you got another Whitley Helly somewhere in the hard drive. It's just that we just keep, oh let me try to sample this and mimic this and mimic that. Don't sound like nothing. It don't sound like nothing that we got right here For sure. You see what I'm saying? For sure. I just think now. Now I just think right, and I don't know, maybe I might be wrong but I just think the artist who is the best and last the longest is the, is the artist that embody the culture of where they're from, Of where they from.


You feel what I'm saying? So when I hear Rob four nine, I don't gotta be like where he from? He I If I hear you, you feel what I'm saying? Sir? When you hear him, when you know they from, that's they culture, you feel what I'm saying? It is hard for, it'll be hard for Rob four nine to make it trying to be a Chicago. You Feel what I'm saying? So when you, when you a New York nigga and you embrace your culture, when you feel you embrace your culture, not what's hot. See everybody say, oh that's hot right now. I wanna try to do that. That's hot right now. I wanna try. No, just embrace your culture and do you the best version of you will always be better than the second best version of somebody else.


I promise you that. So when I hear these records and I hear the New Orleans and you, that's why they pop it for sure. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah, for sure. Because you and Bre and where you come from,


this episode of me Dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by DraftKings. It's officially the best time of the year for hoop fans, playoff, drama, puzzle beaters, all the chaos we live for. And if you're done just watching and ready to actually win some cash, you gotta check out pick six from DraftKings. Nobody's dropping better payouts than pick six. Hit six picks, hit six picks and that's 25 times your cash. And if you beat your competition, you could be looking at 500 times bag in your pocket. That's 500 times. Think about that. Your super simple, select your picks, track your score and go for those big time prizes. No gimmicks, just straight up fun. Pick six is live in most states like Missouri, Cali, Texas, Georgia and plenty more. So yeah, don't settle for weak payouts. Make Make your picks with pick six and let your basketball brain payoff new to Draft King. Pick six new customers tossing just $5 just on three Cinco $5 when your first entry and you'll get 50 in bonus picks instantly. You hear me? So you bet $5, you get 50 in bonus pick instantly to playoffs are on. So why not take a shot at making a little money while you're watching? Download the DraftKings. Pick six at right now and use Code Gilly. That's code Gilly. Be $5 and get 50 in bonus picks. Better payouts, bigger wins. Only on pick six from DraftKings to Crown is yours. Put it all weird It Gambling Problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over age in eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. None available everywhere. Including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawable. Pick six bonus picks that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


This episode of me and I Mworthofgame is brought to you by Cash App. Cash App is safe. It's a fast way to send money and receive and transfer money to family and friends. Cash App has your back. If you are about to send money to a sketchy account, a scam warning pops up and you can set up your account instantly. Just enter your phone or email. No bank account needed none. No bank account needed at all. No waiting around for days. It's your money. You shouldn't have to wait not one minute. Cash App has your back. Transactions appear instantly and Cash App is just, it's just simple. You get the day, you punch the name in, you send how much money you wanna send. Soon as you go you pop up. You can see they Abby, you can see who it is if it's the right person and you just press send. That's how Easy Cash App is. So when you thinking about the best way to send money is Cash App for a limited time only new Cash App users can use our exclusive code right now. Earn some additional cash right now for real. There's no catch. Just download Cash App and sign up right now. Use our exclusive referral code M-D-W-O-G 10 in your profile and send $5 to a firm within 14 days and you'll get $10 drop right into your account. Think about that. Download the app. M-D-W-O-G 10 terms apply. That's money, that's Cash App right?


I always tell him all the time. I say in Philly right, we got a bunch of that do drill rap, right? Ain't none of them ever popped off the rap like be the that be getting opportunities. That's real offense though. Feel what I'm saying? Core rap like a real Phil I knew was my favorite like in high school. Like I now that I go back like, like I now I in it. Yeah man. But I thought, I thought he was on like Drake level in high school. Cool. I swear to God I was sitting every day. Yeah. That he got made me cry in class before I swear to God on my soul. Yeah, That's what's up man.


Shout out to n course. No because it is like, you know what I like about you Rob, on some real, like we live in a time now. Where's though? Music is is not always music. You ain't never on. No. And and and I gotta just keep it real. You ain't never on no goofy street Bro. Nah, for sure. Every time I see you on some big, some man, some entertainment, some music. Nah. For sure. And and I think people need to really look at that because what what what it show is that at the end of the day, the average person that buy music, they're not from the streets. They never committed a crime. They regular law abiding citizens, they civilians. And I think sometimes artists get so caught up in that showing everybody that they're real.


I'm a real to where though they be willing to do some dumb and they always trying to prove this when it's like, bro, that jury, that money, you flashing the chicks, you messing with the cars And shit's not gonna be there. Don't, But not just not gonna be there. It it don't trump a good song. It don't Trump good music. You got good music. Not for real. Rob, you gonna be running around here now with a Dickie on and some Reebok that you wearing right now. And it's, it don't matter. It's going because the, it is the music and I think everybody is getting away from the music and, and everybody's just trying to, trying so hard to prove that they street. And it's like, bro that don't sell records bro. We know everybody, we all know somebody that's a street like that don't even mean nothing no more.


Where's the good music at? What the good music at? Nobody care if you super real or if you super tough. Where's the and and the thing about you, you just come with good song and it's good energy. Like for somebody that never been to your show, when you see your show, you be like me energized In AZ and you gotta understand capping been going on for so long, right? That people ain't impressed no more. They used to be impressed with. See, see, see all the, see all the older rappers, they come out, they do they thing, they, you know, they run they course they start getting a little cold and then they start showing you like, like When a rapper starts showing you all this down, they cold, they cold. It's over. You not hot.


Where the music at? Because you ain't, you ain't got no music bro. First. First you flash it. Oh it's, it's, it's the truth. Truth though, bro. Man, for real dude. It is the truth. Like you, you, you trying to disguise not having no music bro. You feel me? First of all, and it don't even make sense because you are old who everybody already know got money, showing money and doing all that is only impressive when you were young. Hmm. And you just got in the game 'cause you, we know you just touching this money. So when you like, you like look at young boy, young boy starting you doing this thing. You feel me?


That was you when you were old. Talk about dumb ass nigga. Your dumb down man. We know you had money for 20 years. You still Joe with money for real. But all that be to put the makeup on in the mascara on to to what you not doing no more. You feel what I'm saying? And I, I promise you bro, while you doing it and you enjoying this bro, burn this shit in the ground bro. Don't take none of this for granted because you, I'm, I promise you you want me to tell you who the saddest is on planet Earth is Old rappers who can do blue the out, they ain't got no light no more.


They just decided on planet Earth. I promise you that's why you see a bunch of old s on social media do a extra goofy. You probably used to respect when you was a young, you used to look up to the like, yo, he the bet now you like Man SA Daffy duck, he's a goofball. A-G-O-A-T-F and goofy out here. So for real, you feel me? Think about, think about how your perspective changed, how many rappers you used to look at a certain way and then now you done been in the room with them and you like what the hell, what the hell?


For real? You feel me? So while you in this enjoy it living in cherish the don't take none of this for granted. You feel what I'm saying? Because just think about it. They coulda just took my skill a baby out. That's how real it is. You feel me? They coulda just took it out, could be saying rest in peace and all kinds of shit like that. So while you in there, love man, protect it. Cherish the in AZ living this bro have fun. So when you done, you ain't got no regrets. You not no old that's on Instagram or social media doing some good because your light ain't there no more.


You like, I don't even give a fuck about that man. I did, I did 16,000 shows, man. I got real estate man. I make money off my real estate. I got some businesses over here. I'm cool for the rest of my life, man. I can sit back. I go to my grandkids games now, man. You feel me? I ain't on social media trying to compete with some young, Yeah, You gotta think about this. You, you just came out a couple years, right? You only been out a few years, you got 6.2 million monthly listeners. You got a quarter billion views on YouTube. Your album been out for about like 17, 18 hours.


You number 11 on all categories on Apple number four on hip hop, right? That's not, that's not, that's not, that's not normal for the time you got out. That's a lot of you, you you're moving on all platforms, right? And like, you know, some people look at it like that, you know, and then you, and then it's, and then and hip hop you up there with some, some, some dudes that been here way before you. How do you feel? You know what I'm saying? Like how do you Feel that week album came out man? That's what I'm saying. What you feel like, man I feel like I want to take over this for real, real like just get everybody on the wave that we on.


That's how I feel about it. Like that's just a stepping stone to it. 'cause it's a whole group of us on it. You feel me? What You mean the group speak on that? Speak on the group. No, it's a whole group that's on it. Like we got this little plan like to be the biggest, like the biggest like the young charge. Like I've been doing like fat a lot me a lot. Like I just want, I won't do like a, like a tape with that hot boy and like to where like we in charge like, you know what I'm saying? So the next 10, 15 years, every young nigga come in, the gang gotta come through us and this just the first time this's just the first step in the stool tour. This the first step because the fact set ways, again, you see what I'm saying?


And that's when I'm on for real. It's really a plan that I got And y'all gonna win in the game B know because we come from the ghetto where though everybody, they they want to compete with each other and they don't want to eat with each other. So I be seeing that. I see how y'all rock out and y'all rule like, oh I was looking at the video with you and Fat. I'm like, that was, that was a good move. For fact. That was, that was not for sure. That was like you, you could see like, you could see just like somebody gave you an ali hoop put you in like that was so thorough. You know what I'm saying? Not for sure because anybody with the, that, that understand this thing as I, you could see it and it is like, I think all y'all could win because y'all got, y'all come from different cultures. Y'all come from different backgrounds and just coming together and forming like Tron and y'all just keep coming. Y'all gonna push each other when y'all get in the studio, y'all gonna be able to push each other in a way that you don't have that push when you just rocking by yourself.


Because when you by yourself, you can have your homies you got, but it's different when you got another artistic mind there and saying, nah, nah, that ain't it. That ain't it. And and, And not only that, when you got some competition, man. Yeah, because let's be for real. Nobody might say it but you. Like, I'm a cook fat today. Fat like man I got that. Rob got out on me on the last day. No for sure I got fuck that I'm getting out today. Like, so it, when it, when you got that type of competition around, especially when you younger, it don't even bring, 'cause when you younger everybody money, everybody's striving to be the best when you older. Everybody know who everybody is now. So it ain't no competition. It's like he, he the big dog I'm here, he, we, you feel what I'm saying now, y'all, you so it's gonna be competition.


It's like she Gilda Alexander, Anthony Edwards and you feel what I'm saying opposed to kd, LeBron, Steph, they still balling but know, they know LeBron is the best. All right KD Alright Steph, all you feel y'all don't know yet. So it's like y'all gonna go at it in that competition, bring the best out. You feel what I'm Saying? I want to hear mix tape from y'all. That's What we wanna do. It's called Ring Other. I wanna hear, yeah, I want to hear a mix tape.


We got This, This episode of million dollars. Mworthofgame is more to you by Zip Recruiter. You know what speed dating gets right? Hmm. Okay, what if you were the owner of a growing business and it was a feature like speed dating but only for hiring. It is Zip Recruiter. In other words, you can meet several interstate qualified candidates at once all at a designated time. Well, good news, ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter, you could post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates immediately like the next day. Like you can find somebody qualified tomorrow for the job. And right now you could try ZipRecruiter for free ZipRecruiter dot com slash game. So if you hiring, you got a company you looking for the the best candidate for the job, ZipRecruiter is the way to find them and you find them fast immediately. ZipRecruiter zip intro gets you power to quickly access excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro does all the work, all of it in finding scheduling qualified candidates for the best position that you have to offer. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with new zip intro only the Zip Recruiter rated number one hiring site Based on G two. Try ZipRecruiter for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash game again at ZipRecruiter dot com slash game. Zip intro Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow. ZipRecruiter,


right this episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is bought to you buy Jackpocket or the Lottery tickets right from your phone with JackPocket America's number one Lottery app. JackPocket has so many Lottery games to choose from. They have Powerball, they have Mega Millions and they have other official state Lottery games. Best of all, new customers get first Lottery ticket free using Code Gilly. So what are we waiting for? Can you pull your phone out right now? Download JackPocket Punch in Code Gilly. You get your first Lottery ticket for free. I'm talking about mega Mega Millions Powerball. If you hit, you are wealthy forever or me, I mean what are you waiting for? A JackPocket America's number one Lottery app Download JackPocket app right now. Don't forget code Gilly JackPocket America's number one Lottery app. An official partner of Barstool Sports. If you have a GAMBLING PROBLEM, one 800 GAMBLER. If you in New York, call 8 7 7 8 8 OP eight seven. Seven eight HOPENY or text HOPENY JackPocket America's number one Lottery act GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 18 or older, 19 or older in Nebraska, 21 or older in Arizona. JackPocket is a Lottery carrier and not affiliated with any state Lottery Eligibility restrictions apply Void. Were prohibited. Promo code required for $5 non withdrawable credit terms at jkpt dot co slash draw Sponsored by Jackpocket.


What, what What advice? Like mix tape, merch, tour, tour, all that. Like mix tape, merch, tour content. Do it right cameraman that's on y'all 24 7. Like that can, like I don't think people understand the power of power of content. You need a cameraman that, that just love being the cameraman that's going to document y'all every moment. So y'all giving the people the, the, the mix tape, the merch plus the documentary to the mix tape from all the stuff y'all was doing when y always recording. Y'all was traveling, y'all was doing boom, boom, boom bang. Ain't nobody doing it right now. I don't even be hearing mix from nobody, let alone people getting together doing it. So I think y'all could kill 'em and y'all just gotta keep that, that that mentality that and that and that attitude of really being the youngest in charge.


You know what I mean? Who, who do you listen to though? Outside of your, outside of the people you kicking with? Who do you listen to? Man, I put this on my life. That's about the only niggas I'm be listening to and not listening to like thug and future. Okay. But, but, but that's why I'm on them so heavy. Like listen, I told 'em the other day, I'm like, man, y'all remember like, like y'all know how we gonna pull up on them and you see how they, they got their situation situated. Super Situation. I said they got that because they stuck together. They did super slimy. They did like that together though. And they made both of 'em bigger. I said that's, that's, that's our step right now. Said we don't take that step. We all gonna lose. And all of, and all these people that you're saying, all of it all, all of it originated from the mix tapes.


Think about the mix tapes everybody was putting out. Think about the mix. Everybody that really went, they had a few mix tape, they had them, they kept giving the mixtapes out. Ain't nothing wrong with a project, but it gotta go back to that mix tapes. It is like, it is like the mix tape is like, it's like practice and training. It's like, it's like, it's like somebody coming to the gym to see y'all. Y'all playing the NBA but we coming to the gym in AZ locked in session to see y'all ball Just go crazy. Exactly. It's like y'all just like, ah. Exactly, exactly. Damn. In, in, in AZ lot of times right when we was growing up, the mixtape for us was to show you what we would do on another beat that too. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? For sure, for sure. So somebody dropped a beat that crazy.


You like, alright watch this. What? Look how so Now? The old hood like, yo, you heard that yo crazy. That's how Wayne got high Killed him. Wayne was rapping off other beats to the point where you was like, wait, He he's too much better than him. This Is better than the, I like his verse better than the verse. So if, if, if, imagine if young boys got back to that because first of all they'd be like, oh, the young as can ran. They looking at mix tapes different now though. They doing mixtapes now. Like They're the albums. It's it's an album, but it's like this.


See see I dropped this album, I'm Rock four nine and I dropped this mix tape. I'm Young Rock four nine again. I could do whatever I want on here. Yeah. See ain't no no expectation rules. Ain't no rules. And that's, that's the best way To do it. Like, like, like you don't understand. This was the whole point, the whole point of if I had a artist, I'm mix taping them down because the mix tapes don't count. The mix tapes don't count. It don't count you it, it don't count as, see the album is when they start getting critical. The mix tape is the practice, the buildup. And that's how you grab the people. That's how you keep grab mix, tape mix, mixtape, video, video, video, video, video. Big mixtape. Like, like even like taking your YouTube. You gotta take your YouTube and that gotta be like your, that gotta be like your block where you just serve the people.


You just, and and I think a lot of people are. And and and even like, and even like your social media. You artists gotta stop taking the social media too. Perf too, too, too, too serious. Too serious bro. It's about content. Duh. Put it up. Put it up. Like you see, you see me and Gil Right, right. You you see me and Gil, we slaughter the whole internet 'cause we, that shit going up. It ain't gotta be pretty. I ain Right this, Listen, it's your, it is your social media is your commercial to the big thing. It's your commercial to the, to the hard ticket sale. It's your commercial to the merch. It's your commercial to the brand deal. You are just displaying on social media, your engagement, your interaction with your fans. And it's just your commercial. It is not your house, bro.


It's not your house. You, you can share this location with the world. But I think sometimes people sit there and they be like, oh man, I wanna be perfect. You take, don't you took all your pictures down to show your story. Now you I just want to have five pictures up there. Six, I wanna see when you was around. It makes you Feel more when you brother. Oh my god. When you was In the trap and you was Up, man free Dirk man, I called Dirk one day. I said, brother, can you please do me a favor? He like what? I said put all your old pictures back. But I need that motivation when you was sending, when you, when you was sending on Western unions. I need to see it. Yeah. You feel me though, right. I wanna see when you had 20,000, when you had 20,000 likes and I was sitting back like you was the biggest. Right. But now I'm getting 20,000 likes and I feel like I'm the smallest.


I gotta, I gotta feel like I'm, I'm on the right track. Right. And that's, man, that's so big in the right now. That's, See see this is about the motivation. When you see me throw a old post up and you see me in there in middle room and I got a thousand dollars on the bed, man, for real seven days outta prison. I got Th I'm gonna make this thousand dollars, 10,000. See and then you see me in the port dealer for you, me in the Lamborghini Ferraris shit you feel like you Can do It? Oh shit, these boys, you seen us getting these big deal. You like me Because I gotta motivate the people that that that might think they can't do that. You and you got a responsibility to do that too. But it's also the fan base that be like, it's your story. Your story is your glory. A lot of times people will be like this, people will look at, people will look at your glory and won't look at your story.


'cause when they see that, see that post and they only see the new where the story at. But when they see you back at home, when you was up in the crib and you was eating the noodles and noodles and you're trying to figure it out, that hit different. But you got it. You just gotta share it and you don't gotta, don't overthink it. Like even when, even when y'all do this music, put that out. Like I be telling artists all the time, oh the new the new artists now even the big dudes. 'cause he, you don't know. I don't give a fuck who you is. I don't care how big you is. I done told dudes, I done broke some dude's hearts man. I be like yo, you cool man that ain't popping no more. They be like, Gil, he no, I'm just telling you Neff, I gotta tell you 'cause everybody else holding you around you, they, they need you. I don't need you. I'm rich too. I don't need you for real. I don't need nothing from you.


N ain ain't trying to be no young boy. I gotta tell you that cold. They be like, wow, what's going on because you, you overthinking this. You ain't putting it out The new artist now. And the new thing is let's just be in, we just in the studio. I'm gonna keep showing you in my, in the studio. I ain't gonna put nothing out but I'm gonna show you that I'm in the studio. 'cause everybody is scared. This shit ain't about bro bro bro, do you understand? Do you understand? Do think about this, some of the greatest albums in the world. They didn't move till like a year later. Classic albums for real. Nas came out and sold like what? Couple thousand that first joined L Max. Like some of the greatest music.


Sometimes they gotta, you gotta keep working it. But I think sometimes with artists what they do is they drop it and if it don't catch, oh let me fall back. No you keep pushing that. Keep pushing it. You get it to the DJs, you get it to the radio, you get it to all the stream, whoever you just keep pushing that shit and then it all it take is one moment to catch. If you think about it, we first, we first heard Bad and Bougie in Atlanta. I was in a cell when that came out. I was in a cell watching Atlanta on TV in the prison. I was like, I never paid attention to it. And then when and then what Main Man won the, what do you he won some type of award, a Glover and he said something about Bad and Boujee and then it went, it took time, it kept going. But albums you gotta give music time to build.


And what we do is we'll tell a, we'll tell a fan here you go. And then we'd tell him ho hold it is over, let keep, let me move to something else And just, and it kept no this all this shit, all art man. The piece go up in value based off of how you going, how you gonna present your art and how you going to have it. But don't overthink that. And I guarantee you right now I could go on your hard drive and I get like I could pull like six, seven hits out of that. But you gotta be able to do it too. And you just gotta leak. That's why the mix tape the SoundCloud take it back to the essence, go back to go back to the joint. To where though you like I'm trying to figure it out and then you'll always have moments like what the Helly telling you man.


Nah, thats what I'm on right now. That's what I'm telling you. We, I'm gonna jump like after this next month I'm dropping a, a album called Life of the Party with that we don't like, we just having fun on it. And then that's what we're doing. So like this whole year is gonna be like a Yeah you all yeah going number one. Yep. Yeah. See and you gotta have that because it, it is good that you had that because a lot of, a lot of artists get in the game and they get around the bigger dudes and they turn into little puppies. They just want to hang around dudes and they don't have that fire. You know that fire, you know that fire that that that Kobe had Brian, you know the fire, you know the fire SGA got all the, the fire that the young that that young players like.


You gotta have that fire. You can't look at none of these dudes and put 'em on no pedestal. I don't care about none of these artists. You put 'em on a pedestal, you gonna always be a little dog. You ain't gonna never come up because you gonna be talking about oh Michael Jordan. Nah, imagine if LeBron was like that all the time. Imagine if Kobe was like that Michael Jordan, Michael Jordan that I'm hotter than you if you don't have it than you ain't gonna never elevate. You gonna be keeping cool with just hanging around dudes and going nah, all that you gotta, you gotta look at these dudes like I'm gonna smoke you man. And you gotta mean that. Like I'm gonna smoke you. Yeah you hot right now. I'm I'm gonna sit you down. You coming. I'm gonna sit you. It's don't even, I'm gonna sit you down and if you not and if you don't have that that beast in you in the music game, it's gonna be like you just gonna keep being a little dog.


They gonna keep young boying you For Real. I mean so you know, just, just go like what, what songs on the album. Right. That's your what's your favorite songs? I like Honest. I like where I'm from. I like Hitman Mama. That's really my favorite three Ain ain't gonna lie. And all them slow songs Favorite three. You gotta go bump 'em. You gonna like them. That's that's y'all type three. Oh because they do like that slow. What the hell is my type? Yeah he Crazy. What The hell is he's crazy? Who? Old man. What you talking about Man ain ain't no I ain't no old. I'm a old yo man. I don't ride around listening to Tupac and like that man.


You know what I mean? I'm not one of them old niggas. Nah, I ain't, I ain't overly talking like no deep. It's just like, you know we come from like when you hear it in the music it is like man nobody ain't talking like this in a long time. Yeah but that's what it is. That's why I say you gonna like it because I ain't hear nobody talk like this in a long Time. And that's what's good. You ain't, you ain't scared do do. When you recording, do you go to certain places to get a certain energy? Like do you go to certain cities? You just go, you go back to the back home? Let me ask you a question. You the top five New Orleans rappers all the time. What the hell Juvenile for sure. Okay. Soldier Slim. Soldier Slim, rest in peace Soldier Slim.


That's three mm. I don't allow, I'm gonna put Brother. It's so funny though because as much as we don't want go there brother. I gotta put me in there 'cause it's that now. Okay. On my soul it's really that. Okay. Four and probably like BG for real. Bg Yeah. Hip rap. You ain't getting no love No Limit. Tony s was selling millions. I think that's a different time for him though. That's a different time. It Was baby before Cash Money It is but they from New Orleans He ain't got no love for. I don't even think he was born when he first came out.


He Probably wasn't. I wasn't, brother was like, he wasn't born. I was like, like the Birdman era. That's what I'm saying. Like he grew up in, you know what I mean? So he ain't going really That don't mean he don't know his history nigga. Yeah, I'm telling you He wasn't born bro. So is I did show lot, no nigga so the Snoop nigga. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. I yeah all Yes, you Know. Alright. Rest in peace is soldier Slim man pledging all way. I coulda let you went over my head. You coulda had me. No ain ain't You might think IIII forgot that he was with That. He was with them. Yeah I ain It feel like he was, he was with them though. Huh? Like they had money. I feel like he is by himself and everybody just With him.


My artist over there. Who him over there? He don't one What's his name? Bring him over here. Bus Gate. Go ahead. Come here, come here. And I got a, a producer. Guess who would be my producer mate? Who? What the hell? Your producer. What's up dog? Tell the camera who you ist Pop Pop Mo man pop off. So so, So he that's one of your artists? Yeah. He's the one though. He the one. Why he the one what, what made you what, what, what, what? This, this is my real, it's not just my artist. Just so I'm gonna let y'all know that this uploaded my first song for me.


Mm. He never made a song until a year in AZ. Half ago he uploaded my first song for me. That nigga used to go to sleep. Come on Man. Sit mate. Sit. Come on sit on the edge man. He don't like he Got talking about But look at this uploaded my first song. This used to go to sleep with my music on his chest before we even dropped one song. Be saying brother you the best rapper to me right now. If he you can go in his dms right now. DMS was so there all all type he dm I'm like my probably gonna be the biggest one day talking about me like with him. Please Lemme tell you something I'm gonna tell, I'm gonna tell you some real, I'm gonna tell you why you real one. Right. I'm gonna tell you why we your real one you genuine in the world where everybody fake and everybody hating on him bro don't nobody do that because I'm gonna tell you something.


I don't give a fuck where I'm at, what I'm doing. Some days he gonna be Michael Jordan and I'm gonna be pipping or some days I might be on the bench and when I'm on the bench I'm gonna be having this water ready for him when he coming. We gotta understand this. The only way you gonna win is if you could see you gotta be humble enough to say that fucker could do something that I can't do. You see what I'm saying? For sure. And and that's where people up at and if I got a good day he going he gonna be. Yeah cus kill him. So to have somebody to have somebody like this, you lucky because if it wasn't, I know I got lucky.


If it wasn't for this brother we you we might not even be here today. I got real lucky like He like that that take that that take a lot man. And I salute you brother and your blessings are going to come because nobody do that today. Everybody compete. Everybody sneak you. You know how it is. It's like this, it is this fake relationship going on now it's this just in case relationship. Lemme with you just in case if you go 'cause if you go but I really don't With you it crazy that shit I told bro like a month ago. But like when I used to be telling you that you really gonna make it like you gonna go fall like ain ain't think I was gonna be with you. Like I just thought I just knew you was going type. Yeah. So all just be extra ain.


Ain't never like oh bro gonna make it and I'm gonna be right there From side. That's Why where You going? No stay right there bro. See, see that's a real nigga. Look at that. I'm Yeah because you know brother, he Leaving the interview. He ain't leaving the interview to hold the motherfucker Nigga you interview come Here Blowing. No, no, no. See, see, see how he is. That's a blessing man. No I Know he really like that though. He not putting on the for he been like this when he uploaded my music he used to sit in the corner all day. But ask call her right now and say who Mo is. He said I heard be like he the next rapper alive. The next best rapper lie. What you got going on with Shimmy? What y'all doing?


He part of that young nigga in charge. Oh he part of That young in charge? Huh? Oh y'all you got who else? Who, who? The whole who The whole who? The whole team. Who the who? The whole us Olympic team. You see Slim told me last night to add Vs. To this team so I'm gonna call Vs tomorrow. Oh yeah that'd be crazy to me. Fat vs. And hot boy Hot boy. Yeah of course him right there. Yeah he going go Shot and whoever and whoever Fat bring whoever Shimming bring if you love him, I love him just like that. That's how we gonna rule. Yeah That's real. That's what I'm talking about. I like that Because then see he go catch one we dry now but we not dry now.


Right. You feel me? Right. Yeah. Somebody catch all you need is one person to catch. If one person catch everybody on fire 'cause y'all going on tour together. Y'all could do all you need is one Person And the only reason it worked like this I think because I don't think a lot of coulda did it. Like Fat will tell you like he gonna watch this. I was coming in room when nobody with new fat YCB fat at all. I walked in his room, he had a dirty white t-shirt on and so he ain't, he had his old girl all them spaced out Gap. I said man I don't know who you is brother. You gonna be the biggest though, trust me. I'm telling you then from that week stayed in the room together two months I used going that I wound up going to his grandma house shooting a video. I was his first feature shimming two, three years before I got big.


He was in my city. Come with my shows. What's up? It just worked Man. Young and young as here. You gave him some game last night. Ski weight Skate. Yeah. What's up? Yeah. Thank you. Listen man, we listen. Soon as we done this interview we gonna call you. Alright. Say alright We put up tonight. Lemme come to the Yeah we come listen, this, this the whole thing, the whole thing is like, it's just, I'm just, I'm just shocked man to see y'all see the young cats can get together and make it happen because that's, that's very important in this, in this time that we in man it just, and y'all just gotta stay focused and keep going at this.


Where Shimmy are he in there? Shimmy. Come here, come up in here. I'm more scared man. Come back over here more Friday. Kind to see up Man. Come on up in man. Sit. Get a seat man. Get a seat man. You One got a point to point you type of game bro. Man Sit down man. Have a seat. That's seat. I here. Lucky what? Too much man playing.


Ready? Come on Pop. Tell tell him who you in. Tell her what's going on man. Know man. Me and Dollar work for gang God. You hear what I'm saying? Going on man. How y'all Connect? Huh? How did y'all connect? You came my studio. I came, I can't, this was probably like, they was probably like three years ago. Three, three years ago. Then when I first started raping had like four years ago, I probably had like, what, 10,000 probably eight followed my brother Gu. We drove to his his first. That was your first virtual island day? Yeah, that was his first Bcha island day. Feel me? I ain't know. I ain't know him yet.


I pulled up that the sold out. I came with my brother Guac, another rapper you feel? I'm saying? And he introduced me to V and be, I had told that boy I was watching his show like you feel me? I told that boy. I said Buddy, your show gave me the chills. You know what I'm saying? We just been locked in ever since then. No bad. I see you've been doing good. I see you've been doing your thing. How was, how, How, how took like five? Yeah. You petty. How was, how was the game treated? I put a lot of money in a man. Ain ain't lie. I got bad. The change relationships make fun my nigga. The brotherhood. Yeah.


That's what make it fun, you know what I'm saying? The rest, the rest of it just, Hmm. Yeah. How do you, how do you, how do you, what's, what's the energy you take to the, you take to the stew because you, you've been cranking him out, you've been cranking some shit out. So what's the energy that you take to the studio? We just, we just be on some rock. Yeah. Night Pretty Girls in New York, Julio 1942, you know what I'm saying? It's all Kevin Rockstar and we just rockstar lifestyle every day like, you know what I'm saying? Every time y get a chance to y'all different Y'all. Y'all actually be having Girls in the studio? Yeah, we be having a bunch of guns. Yeah, we ain't doing that.


We ain't on that. We ain't growing that. Hell. I'm a pretty girls in the video, pretty girls in Sheriff, you know what I'm saying? I pulled up on Slim in Future Day, put up 40 holes, deep 10. I said Man we got 40 hood bro. I got all they phones, I got the future. Pulled me to the side. Look at me, say I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you. I'm walking past him. Slam grab me and say I'm more proud of you than him. Yeah. You on Point. You know What I mean? So watch the lifestyle. Fuck with the young with us. So when the tape, when the tape coming out, when y'all tape coming out? 40 Of When when he pull to inspect y'all tape, He dropping first he might drop Fat by the drop Fat from the drop before me.


Then I drop and me, him and Fat supposed to be doing that little tape because that tape, you feel me? Youngest in charge. Put that out man. Yeah y'all, did y'all record any songs yet? Yes, we tape that. Huh? Y'all gotta throw some more people on there too? Yeah. Features. We Got some features. We got some we gonna put you on. Yeah, we Gonna put you out. So when y'all, when y'all doing, y'all coming back on the show right? All We need all three of y'all on the show asap. That's How we doing it though. We need all three of you. We going We no we we need to pick somewhere. Pick a city. Fat was coming here. He just did double XL Man. His As just did double XL so he can't come. Lemme show y'all something. This how this how the game worked and this going, this going get all up.


But this Is how, this is how it started. This is how it started for Fats. See that? See that label right? He say he say what you think about why smart young kid only Coach. I need it. Thank you. It was on Look that was on the fifth For sure. That's how I be playing. Sure. That's how I be moving. That's how I be moving. I never met him but I just knew that from paying attention to him. That's how you supposed to do it. But listen man, we gonna get back Million Dollaz Worth Game. We coming back with. The next episode is gonna be, shimmy is gonna be Young George Period. Young. Oh. That's the name of the squad. So y'all gotta get the logo.


Y'all gotta get the logo In trouble. What the Hell? That's what I'm saying. You in charge. You came go The album. Tell him about the new album. Tell him to go straight Everywhere. Nah man. That Tonight we fly Tonight. Shimmy pulled up with about a hundred on it Tonight though. It's Going down. Get your food in your system Now. Get your food in your system right now. Right now. Everybody supposed to get their meal and make sure you eat. It's going on tonight. Let's get it flying tonight. You me, Tall, heavy talking, you know what I mean. Pulled up with a with a honey, honey bun on I hanging even I Ain playing nigga pulled up with a honey bun nigga Game. Yeah, Mworthofgame baby we outta here. Hold On man. I think I got something on me nigga.


Put that little alright Shit away man. Put that Shit away. Little 650. You gotta keep Dropping Nephew like that. Did you? Little six 50.