
Hey, Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right?


This episode of Million Dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by JACKPOCKET. America's number one lottery app is JackPocket. JackPocket lets you order lottery tickets like Powerball, Mega Millions, right on your smartphone, whip your phone out. Whip, whip, whip. Powerball right there, huh? Mega millions right there. All you gotta do, gotta itch to scratch because now you can also order scratch off tickets using JackPocket app. Scratch that itch in select states like Texas, Ohio, Massachusetts, Arizona, and even more. JackPocket the one stop shop for all lottery needs, so there's no need to go anywhere else. When you got JackPocket right here in the palm of your hand, oh, whip it. That's how fast you get it out. JackPocket right there. What we talking about? Any lottery needs you need, guess where you need to go. JackPocket. Download JackPocket. New Customers first. Powerball or Mega Million Ticket is free. You could come on there right now. Get a free ticket to win a hundred million dollars or something if the mega million hit. And all you gotta do is use promo code GILLIE. That's it. Promo code GILLIE. Get your free ticket Mega Mo Mega Millions in Powerball. Get your free ticket promo code GILLIE JACKPOCKET right GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska. 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2. Non withdrawable credit Prize amount may differ at time of drawing terms. JackPocket dot com slash toss slash free. Dash ticket dash promo slash


Hey, we just gotta say one thing though. We just gotta say this before we do anything. Coming from my boy dripping the whole sauce family with you. We really genuine with y'all. Vice versa, right? But we can get this thing flashing without my boy. I'm sorry. It we ain't playing. We got my boy with us all night. We, We got my boy with us all night taking Yeah.


Mouth mouthy. I love you, nigga. I love your soul. We taking him outside with us tonight. This All right? He gotta finish splash style shit too, nigga. Yeah, man. We getting some old shake that on s tonight on. That's what we doing. We been enjoying. Yeah, man on sauce, man. I'm telling you on That's we, we baby, I knight.


I put that in the mother studio. Put that in the studio. Football players like this here to get made like this. Only the legend you go to. Yes, sir. Yeah, man. Know what what I'm saying. Get it a key nigga. We take your cheese to the, you gotta hold back my tears. Thank God, man. 100 brother hundred. I'm a father son. And I got a son. Yes sir. I understand.


I lost my, my bad. My mama. My mama. Hey, go here. Come here. Let go at I'm blood where my mama died at right here. My mama died in arms thing. I I, I've talked to my mama on FaceTime. My mama giving her last breath right here. This my, this is my mama brothers son. My, my, my cousin. I, I don't even like to call him. I don't even like to call him my relatives. It's my blood brother. Blood. My mama died. Arms, Chicago call. Last breath FaceTime me, I anybody know it? I know it. Sauce on top after we bid our granny and our and your twin brother And my brother. My brother got in my arms real life.


You, Chicago, you know my, my daddy from Houston, my mama from Chicago, so I'm from both, I grew up in both, you know what I'm saying? He born and raised Chicago. Like I'm a special person. We, we on side of the freeway. Hey man, listen, lemme show you. How, how or what is it called? Prime Real Estate. My location is You love the Eagles, right? Yes. Where y'all, where y'all, so where the Eagles play and that's like the, one of the most important things in Philadelphia. Absolutely. Okay. Well, the Houston, Texas play right here. Right, right across the street. Yeah. Oh, that's, I could hit that with the Slingshot. Yeah. And I hit, what's the name? I hit Tank Dale in the head with a slingshot from right here up the interception right now.


Hey, it is freeway, the stadium right there. Interstate, yeah. NRG right next to the Astrodome where Warren Moon was 5,000 a day. Go down that motherfucker. Oh yeah. Nah, yeah, yeah, yeah. 4 million people. 4 million people a month. And I own this billboard right here. This billboard right there. That's mine. I bought that when I bought this building. I bought that billboard right there. So yeah. About You really putting this shit together like this. They think they see you. You, you, you know, you flamboyant. You know, That's why me and my brother sunshine, free sunshine, my twin to the Fed. We drop the album called Don't Let the Sauce Fool You because a lot of people get fooled, you know what I'm saying?


By the flavor and the confidence, you know what I'm saying? The flamboyance and you know what I'm saying? Just the, just the expression, the way we judge, the way we live, the way we walk, the way we talk, the way we talk. But at the same token, it's a certain level of assertiveness. It's a certain level of, of assurity and confidence and success that come behind that mentality. And also you have to understand the dynamic of only a fool shows everybody they left hand while they, while their right hand is already open and exposed. Only a fool shows everybody, every single thing about them And all of their skills And all of their traits without having any surprise text of anything that's not, you know what I'm saying? That's unexpected. You know, people are most in fear of the unknown where people don't understand is the most anything in fear of.


So with me knowing that the amount of knowledge and the power that I position in my brain, I can't give the world all of my truths And all of my, my opinions and my vision and the way I really view and, and, and see things. I gotta have some people think that I'm stupid. I gotta have some people think that I'm ignorant, right? I gotta have some people think that I'm, I'm, I'm not business savvy and I'm not the the intelligent person that I am because that allows me to get in certain rooms, in certain places that they wouldn't necessarily allow me to get in because they fear my knowledge or they fear my po my my power. They see that as a threat. They see that as is is is competition in a, in a vicious form, right?


It's a friendly competition that benefits us. Both is champions and I, for me, having just understanding and dynamic, like I just know I gotta play dumb to, to to, to get the, to get the smart ending. To get the smart result, to, to get the, the genius eureka moment. I gotta dumb down my, my direction. I gotta dumb down my, my my my pitch, my sales pitch. Because if I bring my sales pitch with everything that actually incorporated it has motherfuckers gonna block me out. They going and they've already tried to blackball me, but I I end up being the black man bawling. Right?


I could, you know, I understand that. You know what I'm saying? There's a lot of thought. I be doing security at Ross right now. Right? Sauce, sauce. They get. The kid wasn't gonna be get it, the king shit. And that was the wrong thing. Thought It was gonna be, wasn't gonna be no elevation. Yeah. Ain't gonna leave out in the cold. I, nah, I'm a hustler nigga. And one a hustler. Me A hustler could sell anything, Anything, anything. You know a lot of think selling drugs is hustling. That ain't hustling. Drugs sell itself, Nigga. I tell that to people every day and they think I'm crazy. You talking about, man, you got some good dope. You Don't sell itself. You ain't gotta sell nothing. A real hustler could sell anything. Anything. You know what I mean?


I can sell to, that's already on the toilet with diarrhea, man. You feel what I'm Saying? So at the end of the day, I wanna say this, right? You got all the cars you represent this, this splash world, this splash light is you the fly ever came outta Houston, man. Without a question. I am the person that introduced fashion to Houston. I'm the person that introduced hotline fashion. So hold on. Before You came with Highline fashion, then what was they? Rock Tall tees. Tall T-shirts, tall T-shirts and, and baggy and dicky pants and tees and white tees and cotton shirts and, and the Houston Texans jerseys.


Like Houston was not a fashionable place until the sauce. That's what the sauce is more than. And that's a Hundred percent facts. Hold On, hold on. I'm asking ain't nigga in this room. Is that a hundred percent Facts? That's Today nigga. TSF me, my brother Sauce, man Sauce, Walka, Sancho Saucy, payday Fifth Boy, JP Double Boy Sauce, like the original correlation. Rizzo, Rizzo, Gucci, like the original first group that, you know what I'm saying? Because a lot of my friends, they original Sauce members too, but they was in jail. A lot of my friends are incarcerated, still incarcerated, just got incarcerated.


Was incarcerated when, when I started the whole T shit, I came up with the idea in jail. You know what I'm saying? Like, I met Drippy like four, four, Mike d my brother from Dallas.


This episode of me and I was Worth Mworthofgame is brought to you by Gametime Playoffs are here and there's no better time to get out to some games with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime? Huh? Anytime we need tickets, we just pop on there. Whip, whip, whip. Ah, get us the best tickets. Woo. Ain't gotta do a whole bunch of searching, you feel me? Gametime picks features. They're making it even easier to get to the game. GAMETIME picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So You don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. NFL playoffs are in full swing. We got some great matchups. The Eagles versus the Commanders baby. That's the matchup that we really care about. Being that I'm from Philly and you can see it in person. I was looking at tickets 'cause you know I'm always at the game and they got some great deals on Gametime. So make sure you go on Gametime and get your tickets. Just pull up the chosen event. Turn the GT picks settings at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your GAMETIME app homepage. What are you waiting for? I'm going to buy Mines right now on Gametime. Gametime. It's the official way to get tickets. Official way to get to the game. Official way to get to events, take the guesswork out, buying tickets with Gametime, download GAMETIME app, create an account and use code dollars to get $20 off your first purchase. That's code dollars. GAMETIME app. Get in tune.


When me and him was in the penitentiary together. I wasn't even Sauce Walka or none of that, I was just Aw Walker, right? And I was saying like, I'm be a rapper and I was, I was a part of this group called Mash mode. Like Houston is known for click culture more than gang culture. Like gang culture is, is evident in Houston. But click culture is more like, you know, rap alike, mash mode, TSF, Gaw, gorilla Mob, fucking Southwest Gorillas, mob style Gorillas. MSG, swab, swab, house cream, clique. It just, it's a, we have, it's a we we a clique culture. You'll have Bloods and Crips in the same clique because we all either from the same hood or we got the same enemies or we just own the same type of time.


And my clique just so happened to be the biggest, largest emotional now clique. Click in Houston history and that's m mob mob stars. That's without a question. And the same way you said about the song, they'll say that too. So when I converted over, me and my friends converted over from click culture to like, okay, we wanna be rappers and businessmen and then start making money with girls. And like my whole life just changed my perception changed about things. So then it was like, okay, yeah, I'm a gangster, I'm a blood, I'm a smo. That's that. Like, that's about fighting and beating niggas up And all that, like violence. But then when women start appreciating me and giving me money for being smart and being handsome and being a good leader and having, you know what I'm saying?


Like just leadership skills, just period. Just teaching purpose to do what they money, what I did with my money from rap, hustling. I've been hustling since I was, since my daddy bought me a motherfucker a CD Burning Stack. Two cd. Like when I say I ain't never really give for Christmas, I mean that one of the only Christmas gift that I got that with my daddy because like my daddy was in an unfortunate situation. My mama was taking child support from my daddy and she wasn't even raising me, he was raising me. I've lived with him my whole life. I've never really lived with my mama. You know what I'm saying? Correct. But government been taking half of my daddy paycheck this whole, you know what I'm saying? I paid off my own child support. But we can get into that later. The point of the matter is, one of my few fondest Christmas gifts that I got was a tool to work.


It was a 20 stack CD recorded 20 stack, 10 stack right here. 10 you talking about. That's how I used to make money. That's how I used to do battle raps and you know what I'm saying? I always had the ambition to sell and make money and do a certain way. So when we got to a certain age where it's like, okay, being gangster and being hard and tough is not gonna get you in the glory no more. You a man now we gotta have money, we gotta have cars, we gotta have some type of ownership. We gotta have some type of respect. Your niggas respect us 'cause they scared of us. But that's fear. When respect you, 'cause you have money and 'cause you doing great things. It's honor. So we got to a certain space, we gotta chase the honor.


We got the fear. We got the respect. But You don't necessarily honor us as bosses because we have not made boss moves. So at that point is when me and my brother started to decide like, we gotta change our image, we gotta change the narrative. And we already was doing something in the streets different than what we was doing. We come from robbing and stealing and hustling. You know what I'm saying now, just chilling with beautiful girls and strippers and dancers and, and, and telling them what to do and how to save they money and what you should have did. And we, at the end of the day, we hustle. We already going in the shit club, throwing money at shippers and getting a attention that way. It just so happened that they wanted to invest in me and my brothers and how we living. So converted that to we need to rap about this shit.


And this is dripping, this is sauce. I just sauced it. I just sauced on this girl so bad that she wanted to give me all of her ingredients. It became a conversation. It became a way of life a way we, we call it, we call it sese, like, you know what I'm saying? Spilling and splashing. We spinning for it. Like I'm spinning on them for the money. You know what I'm saying? What's the spill? The spill is the information that I'm giving you. You know what I'm saying? The spill is the preaching that people weren't on that they wasn't thinking that way. You know what I'm saying at this time, like the terminology that was popular was like piped up lit, turn swag, swag, turnt.


I'm from Houston, Texas. I'm from a place where say, man, Hold up. You know what I'm talking about already? I'm coming down, I'm coming through. That's live. That's stole in the game. That was our lingo. But people got distant and away from that because now let's go back to the fashion conversation. People in Houston is growing up with social media all realizing damn the way a lot of our Houston stars dress as considered country compared to the rest of the world. They're not wearing fashionable shit in, in a nice cut and nice style and way like a Joel Santana, Jim Jones, get the kid in Philadelphia, meek Mills, Rick Ross, all these other couldn't and win nice fashionable in style clothing, right?


And our stars that are known for that, they known for diamond grills and pokey rims. This that look weird to the rest of the world and certain haircut styles, which is great. But I was a person that always have been a fan of fashion and been a fan of style and always understood. Yeah, I may have bits and pieces of influences from other cities and places around the world. I'm gonna always incorporate my culture within that. Another thing too, you was a young Come on, new nigga. I'm so so G up nigga fucking platter man. Fucking pla warrior man. We come through a good seen a Platy fucking like, yeah.


So man, You don my whole fourth process here. What was I about to ask you man? You said we, we talking about the, the history of Houston Fashion Club. You just did your own thing and put your own sauce. I did my own thing. Recreated the history of Houston, the culture of Houston. I'm the new Dkng screw new Jay Prince. I'm the SAUCE WALKA, that's me. Mc m I made Mc M Backpack, Fred Gumbo, gazelle Frame Deida, Louis Vuitton. How much you I'm the first, I'm the first.


I'm the first person in Houston, Texas to whip Balenciaga and Marta. This, I'm the first person to shoot video. I'm, I got an endorsement from shooting. I'm the first Houston Texas rapper to get a, an endorsement, a actual endorsement signed contract from big fashionable brands that's considered Highend fashion, not like a vape or a Supreme. And I got a, I had, I've got a, a Supreme endorsement and did Supreme for those shoots as well too. But we talking about Highend fashion, you know what I'm saying? Fashion week, Paris Week fashion, bmi. I got a real endorsement with them people. Real six figure check real photo shoots my own line. I designed their belt, the belt with the locks on me like, you know what I'm saying?


Mc m backpacks giving everybody and, and yo record label they name and their identity and they own color. They own s like them. Like giving like we all shares. It's like the Wu-Tang clan like TSF is like the southern Wu-Tang. Like everybody has a name and a image and a a a a special move that people love 'em for when they see sauce will win it. They know oh that's instant. That's you step like we got certain lingos and certain movements that we do that became household culture. Like I say, they my ops, we don't say ops, we say ops outside. You a outsider, you outta line and we'll get you out of here because you was out of bound.


I'm saying that's how they go. Feel me.


This episode of me and os Mworthofgame is brought to you by Draft Kings NFL playoffs. I mean we talk about the playoffs, you know, like Iversson kind of said you bet we are. Get in on the action at Draft King sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdowns is the key to winning NFL playoffs. And the key to you scoring big is betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple as a player to score a six. Go to DraftKings sports book at right now. Make your pick. Here's another reason you should watch your favorite players crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 to get 200 and bonus bets instantly. All you gotta do is download the app punch in GILLIE promo code. GILLIE. Yep. GILLIE. Yep. New customers get 200 and bonus bets instantly when you bet just $5. So we waiting on get your phone out, get this 200 man. Be five, get 200. Put the promo Code GILLIE in only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. Word it right GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio.


How do it feel though? I wanna know how do it feel seeing the evolution in sauce? Because when you think about it, it's like this, when you think about this sauce, a lot of times for a long time people was looking at you like that motherfucker crazy man, rebellious. He don't give a fuck. He bucking. And I think a lot of times Asray will be got plenty of as Asray don't give one of 'em good straight back neck. So yeah, we care about the fashion so much. You gonna see that the asray come up in the Designer. Alright, so, so so how do it feel though, knowing that a lot of people look at you like crazy. He's just wilding out. He doing this and a third and, and a lot of times you ain't getting no press because of that. You was just doing your thing.


You were staying independent. Us we looked at it like us coming from the ghetto, that's normal activity in our environment. A lot of times on social media and media outlets, they don't come from it. You can't teach what you don't know. You ain't, you can't leave where you don't go. Right. So a lot of be afraid, but we saw, we was like, me and EYs be watching like, yo nigga funny, he funny, but you know what's going on, right? Like, because what, what try to do? They try to downplay your knowledge and who you are and what you're building based off of some interactions with some people that they might like. You get what I'm saying? And we never stepped on that. We ain't with none of that. I don't like whatever whoever's going through whatever, that's their business. But at the same time, you still deserve a platform to be be able to share your information.


How did it feel for you that when you came Philly jumped on Million Dollaz Worth Game and gave you the platform and then all of a sudden after that everybody want to holler at Sauce? How did that feel? You know what I mean? Because I ain't gonna front, I love seeing the cooks outside of, 'cause you just was dropping so many jewels that you just went on a, on a media tour, you just was spilling. But how did it feel to be like, what didn't I been telling you what time it was? Didn't I been tell y'all that I was, that I was him all the way I didn tell y'all that I was smart. How did it feel? It was like winning a Grammy man. I, I really appreciate y'all like words can't explain the gratitude and the honor that I have to be at such a young age and attend a place in my career. And y'all put me on a pedestal so high that y'all platform is because at the, especially at the time that I did it at the time that I jumped on y'all platform, it was a legacy platform.


Y'all was only doing legends at that time. Y'all didn't have a a a, a huge amount of young artists on the platform that time. At that time. And I'm, I've been in the rap game for 10 years now, so I'm kind of at that space where I'm a og but I'm still considered a young nigga. I'm a I'm, I'm a I'm a seasoned artist, but I'm still a fresh face to a lot of people around the world. So for y'all to give me that grace in there on there and put me at that stature at the time because it, it also means a lot that y'all wanted to do a interview with me and put me on there for the right reason. See, a lot of people want to do interviews and, and get coverage on me, but it's for all the wrong reasons.


Correct. They want to ask all the wrong questions and they, they want to get me up there because of the controversy. Or they want to ask me a question that they know put gonna put me in a position where I feel like I have to answer it a certain way. And it's been shown the difference between the two when certain people put me in position and ask me uncomfortable questions that lead to drama versus when people ask me positive questions and or questions that are, that have knowledge and fulfillment and for people that are looking for God and trying to figure it out and how that impacts and changed people's lives. So it, it just meant so much to me and it felt great to just see the difference in how people treated me on the aspect of dance.


The things that I heard him say on million dollars worth the game and how he explained the music industry and how business goes and how does that work. It it, it kind of gave the, it gave the, the incentive and the the missing puzzle piece that they was trying to figure out or how is this nigga rich or how is he doing it? What we know he's not on rolling line. We know he's not signed to these big major labels. We know we don't see him necessarily on the bets and the MTVs consecutively and consistently like we see these other artists that are pushed through the machines that are pushed through the engine. Anytime you see me on A BET or a BET freestyle or these other huge platforms and radio shows like that, I had to do some very, very amazing astounding out of this world moment on the internet where it's like, okay, we down there, us at this major platform we looking like we un we not in tune with with the now and what's going on by not publicizing SAUCE WALKA at some point, right?


But we gotta, we are gonna do just enough to show the world that yeah, we know Sauce Walka is somebody in here this we gonna put 'em on double XL real quick. Yeah. And say this and this and that on a, but we not gonna put 'em on the cover. We not gonna put him on this big stage when it's such and such awards. They're gonna put me in a freestyle and and that's cool 'cause I respect that because when I was a kid, those freestyle cy and stuff like that was the biggest thing in the world at that time. I missed that time though. That was in my era when you had the JD kisses and the little Waynes and the what, Eminem And all that. And it was in black and white. Yeah, that was, that was then. So it was an honor and it felt good. That's the closest thing of being on a BET, the basement.


But me being on million dollars worth the game at the time I was on me, I was mworthofgame was like getting walked out by AJ and free in, in the early two thousands. That was love And not the, and not the, to backtrack on what you said, what you said at that time y'all was only putting legends on there. You gotta understand how he was viewing you. He was viewing I'm a legend nigga. A legend. We, Because because you gotta understand this. You gotta understand this. This is very important sauce and young people. Legend is not your age is what you do and who you help and who you bring with you and what you establish, the foundation that you establish. Like, you know, like you got on there and you was like, for instance you say they don't put you on the cover this and cover that.


You don't need to be on the cover. You making magazine money. You can have your own magazine. Absolutely. So you always gotta keep that in mind. But it do be like, what the, but you got a lot of media platforms just outta touch with the reality of the ground. Right. What's really going on? That's true. So a lot of times you gotta be like, they don't know. 'cause you got some people that's not from our culture running Our culture That running our culture. So a lot of times you gotta be like, All right, cool. But how do it feel to know that you taking care of, first of all, you giving dudes opportunity, you created a Foundation. I have to cut you off. Not only did we put you on million dollars Mworthofgame, but we said, nigga, we need you for Gil Fest. I was, I was just gonna say that too. You and you Went crazy, Crazy and then also opened up the door for me to do the freestyle with Meek Mill and them.


That went super Duper vibe. Yes, it was a connection because anybody in, everybody was there around the country was there, Detroit was there, Houston was there, Phil. It was just a blessing. But how do it feel? How do it feel? Hey, Peso, Peso, peso. Come here man. Come here man. This one of my favorite artists come With the ts. He Getting that plate. He like me. He really get a plate. He a pla a warrior man. How did he come about? How did he come into the team? You see what I'm saying? And look at him now. He, he killing him. He got a catalog. He got a mean catalog. Keep Building Lamborghinis and hairs And all That. Just told me, dropping five projects this year. How did it come about? How did Pace him come to the family? Tell me about it. To be honest, man, peso was like a One of those kids that I would just see around Houston and different studios and different places.


How long y'all let me talk, Hey, calm down. Peso. Peso was one of them artists in the city that I was just being Random Studio. 'cause again, I, I'm one, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a studio nerd and I'm like a, like, I'm a not like, I don't want to use it in that turn because I'm not a Hood Hopper, how we say Hood Hopper. But like, I'm gonna hop around every hood in Houston just for fun. Like, this is what I like to do. I just like to go to different hoods, different studios, different spots. I just like to be, they call like saying New York outside. I like to be in the mix. Yeah, I'm gonna be in the mix and, and everybody hood and everybody trenches in everybody's studio just for, I also wanna know who own what.


You know what I'm saying? Because that's just what I'm interested in. Ownership. So I seen Peso with too many different studios that like, why is this little Mexican kid in these certain spots that I don't see certain Mexicans at? You know what I'm saying? So that was a certain respect that I had for him already. But even still, there wasn't enough to make me want to bring him into the family, right? But then boom, he started working with some of the, my brothers that was around me, he did a song with Sosamann Sosamann brought him up. He started getting production from bro, that's one of the producers in Houston that we was working with at the time. And, you know, different people was bringing them up. Like, man, while I'm telling you, I think this would be a good thing for you and you should, you should just check out. And I, you know, me, I had so many other artists and people I was dedicated to at the time.


I still wasn't just like, but I'm watching. I'm paying attention. And then one day Peso Peso approached me.


This episode of me and I was Mworthofgame is bought to you by ROCKET Money. The start of the new year is the perfect time to get organized, set goals and prioritize what matters the most. For me, the top priority is my financial wellness, which feels more important than ever. Rocket Money is the personal financial app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings, see all your subscriptions in one place, and know exactly where your money is going. Oh, for ones you don't want anymore, Rocket Money can help you cancel them. So you got all your subscriptions right here. It's lined up Rocket Money. Oh, I don't use that one no more. Cancel. I don't use that one no more. Cancel. I saves you a gang of money. What do we talk about? Rocket Money has over 5 million users that have saved 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to 740 a year when using all the app premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with ROCKET MONEY. Go to ROCKET MONEY dot com slash dollars today. That's ROCKET MONEY dot com slash dollars. Rocket Money dot com slash dollars. Save you some money


Then fight I'm Fight or what? Like on some like just overconfident fuck the song. And then at this time I wasn't signing artist. Remember remember I told you I was like, I was like, instead of you getting on my song, I want to get on your song. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what he said. Yeah, that's what he said too. I said, I I I I'd rather pay to get on your song. Right. On my song. Exactly. That's what he said too. The confidence. He was just confident like, nigga ain ain't, and I ain't, nigga I'm getting on your song. That was smart marketing too. I want a SAUCE WALKA song. And then we did that when we did that. I just, it is like, I knew like, oh yeah, he, he, the one he he, he the one going do it. It's crazy because when we shot the video, ironically you was performing in my neighborhood that night.


You remember that? You came to my neighborhood that night in Tech City. The night that we shot the video of Michael Ortiz. That's what I Said. We shot the video of Michael Ortiz though. Yeah. Shot the video. Michael Ortiz. In Houston. In Houston. And then that same night we jumped in your truck and went to my neighborhood, went To Texas City. That's like I said, I mix, but anyway, but yeah, like, you know what I'm saying? Peso was just, I seen the star power, I seen the hustle, I seen the ambition and I seen the man in him. He was a man. Even though he was a kid. We was young. This, this down there seven, eight years ago, right? Seven years ago. Seven years ago. But I respected that. How old was you? I was like 20, 22, 23. Yeah. 57, huh?


Yeah. Yeah. You had 57. I Probably had more than that. That What I'm saying. He, I said he just spent the hundred, you hustled him. That's my last, I'll get on a song with you. 10 for the song, 10 for the good, awesome digs. Millions Dollars. I just want get my feet in it though. Because I was always like, we only had one studio back on from, it was a crack house. So like, that was the only studio we had. So my brother tell me like, you not gonna make it just, just being down here. Like you got the area. You, you, you need to go to Houston where all the rappers And all the celebrities at you need to go network. So shit, I just, I had went on Instagram and I went to where I, I I ended up finding all like the, where all the rappers are recording at all the engineers.


And I just hit dms and locked in and then I just started creating relations with 'em. And they, and, And all these engineers and different producers, they were just believing in me and started putting the word out. You feel me? That's how I me it, bro. Because I got, I got reference about Lil Bro at least four times before we actually see the type of person. I, I don't just go with just because somebody said, you can tell me somebody great 45 times and I still ain't gonna give a damn. 'cause obviously what I see and I believe what I believe, but when he shot that extra initiative and then now I'm just looking at him past face value. Like, All right, he like want it. He want it and he got it. He just need this and this and this. Right, right. What makes, what makes TSF so different? Like what, what makes it different for you Peso?


Like From What you see? 'cause this artist is, there's a lot of people that don't know you. And then there's a lot of artists that we do know And they not winning like that. They not winning Like you TSF artists, rappers, I feel like what makes what Artists got they own. Yeah. Like how the Wu-Tang was. Yeah, I got on the train. There they go. Just gone Here gohan You the artist up in this mouth, what you're saying.


Yeah. Yeah. I feel like every artist in Tsf, like they got they own style and drip kind of like how Wu-Tang clan was. You feel me? Like it was screwed Up. Click too. Screwed up clique. Yeah. Yeah. Like it was like a whole bunch of artists that was part of them groups and like, I feel like we like a new generation of that, you know what I'm saying? Like how's how, but, but like how do you feel knowing that you might know got the most popularity, but you really, the bread is a little different. 'cause it seems like y'all hustle different, it seems like every time y'all here, y'all doing features, y'all doing promo, y'all doing every like, y'all just like, we, we in the trap still with it no matter how much buzz we get. Like how do that, you know? How did, where did you get that from? Being independent? Just being independent and, and I don't know, like I, whenever I first got on doing music, I was always hustling.


Like I've always been a hustler. Like I've always granted, I always ran a trap. Like, so whenever I got into music and I found out how you can make money making music, I just went all angles and just bled it. You know what I'm saying? I used to go, when I first like started, I had like 50,000 followers. I'd go to different cities and just post up and see how much money I was making in these different cities. I just How was you making the bread though? Features, walkthroughs, promos, selling clothes, any anyways, like to, to to make money. Like with my name attached to it. You feel me? Hey sauce. Listen, let me ask you a question sauce. Why is it that, you know, we, we live in this world where as though now a lot of artists, they be trying to be so mysterious and so incu.


Why you never, why you never have a fear that a lot of features and a lot of things will get you oversaturated. Why you just keep going hard? Like you just a new artist? Because a lot of people feel like, I don't wanna do too many features. I don't wanna do this in a third, I don't want, but you don't, you don't care about that. Why? It's a, it is a multitude of different reasons, but one of the main ones is for number one is compound interest. My, my number one and claim to fortune in life is creating pyramids. So at the end of the day, I look at things in a 12 month span. I, I look at any type of business decision I make in life and within the 12 month window.


So, and the tender, like in the beginning of the, the, the genesis of a nigga career, when I'm doing songs for 2,500 to 1500, I'm thinking that it is only gonna take me a hundred songs to get 200,000, a hundred. You know how many times I done set at the lunch table and freestyle with my partners a hundred times they got zero bucks. You know how many times I enrolled in the car and after the, the, this beat went on or 50 cent song go off in the beat playing for a couple seconds. We keep freestyling over that last couple of seconds of the beat to practice and work on our skills before there was a YouTube to go listen to instrumentals.


So why would I not want to rap with this person right here? It's something that I, that I do without thinking in 10 seconds for 10,000 or $2,000 because I want to be a big rapper having a big, I don't want to overrate my brand. My brand is not gonna be oversaturated because of my talent. I also knew that I chose the route of being independent and I got a lot of people that's around me that are dependent on my format and my blueprint on how they're gonna make money is following me as an independent artist. This is like a lot of the niggas around me learn the hustle of doing features and deal is reels and charging for the feature to video and the Instagram promotion.


People don't understand that these are all three, all all three of those things are different properties. Some people would just do a all in price for one thing. I'm the one who showed all my friends And all of them. Each one of these different dynamics is a different stage, a different audience and there's a different price. You know what I'm saying? When you going to Louis Vuitton stuff, when you got, when they, when they advertise the Louis Vuitton duffle bag, they advertise it with a key chain on it and another little bag attached to it. But when you go and purchase those other items are not on there, but you get 'em. See what I'm saying? So I always understand that the value of things. And aside of that, I also understood too that I don't look at this rap like my baby mama.


I don't look at rap like my baby mama. Like this is something I'm supposed to share and keep to myself. It's music, it's sonic frequency, it's voice. And also within music, some of these songs and some of the music is hard to change lives and inspire people and get people through things. So I under, I also look at music as like, it's more, it has a more of a job and a duty and a purpose than me just making money. It has more. Or me just being a big platinum artist. You know what I'm saying? The legacy, the things that I'm saying, the people that I touch, the people that I gave opportunities to because I know what it also feels like. See when you, somebody like myself that know how great, know how talented and know how smart you are, like I always have known, I've never, I don't have a, I have no complex, I don't, I i I never will not want one of these to not be bigger than me because I understand that I can leave rap and go be bigger and comedy.


I can leave comedy and go be big and video gaming streaming. I can go be a YouTuber. I can go be a fashion designer. I can go be a podcaster or interviewer. Yeah, I could anything that I want to do and be great and be astoundingly successful. I could be a jeweler and sell jury and be just like geo and the rest of the young jewelers all around getting money. I could do all of these things. It's my choice. 'cause I understand the work ethic. I I understand product placement, I understand demographics, I understand engagement, I understand advertising. I understand hard work. So at the end of the day, why would I have any fear of just because I'm see another reason that a lot of big artists don't want to work with these other artists and they turning down that 50,000 and a hundred because we talking on the small scale.


Now let's talk about where I'm at right now. Okay, where I'm at right now, I'm doing features for 30,000 and I'm still trying to do a hundred of them miles a year. I'm gonna do 50, 50, 60, 70 motherfucker features for 30,000 each. And I'm leaving a year with $6 million in cash. And let me add this to it, right? It is, see when you got artists that got a machine, you feel what I'm saying? They also too Hold up, you can't do this, you gotta do that weight this or you know what I mean? When you got a, it ain't got a machine like you gotta flat foot hustle. So this is all on the ground is like no, the more music I put out there, the more want to book me.


Yeah, The more. And then if I'm putting songs out there and I'm independent and I'm making money off my songs, There's my money coming. I'm, I'm, I'm a flood the market because, because saturation Coronary In my market. Saturation is the maturation. Exactly. That's how you grow. Exactly. That's how you get the, that's my community Because I'm not worrying about putting one record out. I gotta stress all my week. What's the sales it's looking like on Wednesday, what is looking like on Thursday or Friday? We, we at we number three, we number look, I ain't gotta go through all that, right? All I do is drop, drop, drop, drop this song. Maybe me, this, this song meet me that this song maybe this, this feature meet me, this, this song meet that I look at the end of the year I'm able to still have a phantom outside a me back.


What else I think is, this is a Seven, I mean seven commercial properties in total. 12 different LLCs and businesses. Six, seven different residential real estate properties, 20 Car fleet, three work cars, the rest cars all fly motorcycles and stuff like that. All my friends Rich, a multi multimillion dollar database that I own because now we got also talk about the data, the digital real estate side of it. I have a database of emails, phone numbers and addresses that I can sell to any, any company in the world of buying customers. I got a phone book of of of maybe 10,000 people, 20,000 people over a six year span that have all spent between the likes of 2,500 to $75,000 on different situations with this that we can always turn back around to and say, would you like to be on the concert?


Would you like to be on the album? Would you like to get a a interview? Would you, would you like to pay GHI and wall to sponsor your thing on the, in the middle of meeting up with the game and I can sell this data to somebody else. The same thing as the catalogs that we own. Everybody up in this bitch got 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 15 albums or in the hundreds and hundreds of songs. How many Albums total? How many projects total on TSF catalog about? I'm telling The whole catalog. Hold On.


It is so hard to say that. Let me shut my bed out because see he working nigga outta the race man. You Know that's what this south shit about. That's man Man These niggas showed me this shit bro. This is where I got it from bro. Y niggas know how we coming. Good old workout. Good Old workout. You ain't see I gave an in instant though. I'm sorry. I hint to bam not growing that 0.5 seconds. That's one of the best things about it is like, you know what I'm saying? We we old school and no school at the same time. So it's like No I see on the video when y'all pulled up in Hood, man, what's up? Let's get it popped. Nigga We don't promote that though.


Get Ain saying Is not promoting. We said that grown man. Man shit We ain't gotta shoot it Out. We got issue. Let's take this shit back to the eighties and early nineties. What's up? We gonna fight our head. Ain't nobody going shoot. We going shake hands and we good In the, the first thing you seen, did you look and pay attention on the table is five, four pair gloves on the table before you see anybody. Before you see anybody. And that because the majority of people that we allowed to come into our establishment, well both even in Miami we let 'em in through the garage and the first thing you see is the open spacing opportunity and the boxing gloves. Right. So you know as a fan family or a visitor, any problems or altercation, misunderstanding, stealing whatever their garage getting closed and them boxing gloves getting closed.


So you know what that and you know I love that, that that, that mo that break there. 'cause you know why we ain't gotta be sitting in here screaming at each other face. All motherfuckers fuck you nigga. Oh that shit get cut, get the gloves, come On, get the gloves. Exactly. We drink Percent. Exactly. Ain't A whole lot of rap man. That And that stopped all the bullshit. Stop the Snitching That stopped the stealing. That stopped a whole bunch of weird, They shot the fake tough shit nigga though. He ain't tougher than you gonna get the gloves. Lemme shut up. Keep The, Keep the excess back trim Because they gonna scream beat the gloves. If we got another 20 words at each other, they going scream get the gloves I seen you put out on the nigga like a RiNo.


I ain. Sauce wood winning, winning infinite boom. Now, Now, now we gonna start this. We, we want everybody to state their name and tell 'em what you do, who you are and why people with you. But this guy's really poor. Tell him who you is man. What you do here man? Hey, how y'all doing man? I'm up man. GI twin man. Tell man the representative of this kid here man. Like started him took him to school highs and was that that figure to him? No Say it right bro because you said it again though. Say that loud. Say it clear what you did. Yeah, I took him to screw highs and was really that father figure when he was a child he been hitting them corners like I took him now me took who took him? The Kappa. I took him to the Kappa Beach party.


Everything Grown men was doing, he was there with me. So shit that's official like that really happened. But yo, he who Gave my second cup of sir, not my first one. Holy is daddy. Back then he probably stole how many s of C took Daddy turned around, Dude was the nigga, got him Turned around. Everything he done, a nigga put it on him though. Shit, they from pounds of weed to money, whatever it was, he ain't never wanted for nothing. Like he went out and got it like shit, that's what we did. And we hold a title in his factory too, like Mo City ever served, ever been pulled up is at the factory like yeah, most served Ever been pulled up in Houston come from right Here. We got that. But these my babies though man. Everybody in here eat my babies man. I'm just working with 'em and we trying to grow, we trying to really get on one of these tours and you know, really splash for you folks, man, to show y'all what's really dripping.


And for y'all that don't understand what he said by screw highs, DKNG Screw, that's our guard. That's our legend. That's the creator. That's, that's SAUCE WALKA before SAUCE WALKA. That's who gave us our style, our presence, our way of life and music. You know what I'm saying? It, it is like when you say what's the building blocks of Houston and hip hop and in the south, the Godfather Screw, You know what I'm saying? Dkng School is the godfather of of the south and the sound and the culture and so many things, the double cups that everybody who run around the world with that all come from school. But at the same time, independent music in itself comes from Houston for Texas. First person that started independent music and rap game is J Prince. So I stand on that as well. Shout out to Tony Draper, shout out to Tony And Tony.


Drake and Drape and Draper. Jay was first and then it was Drape. Know what I'm saying? And What's The other that was with Drake from Southwest. Southwest Was major, major. No, Tony Draper, that Southwest. What I'm saying they, they had, there was two big boys that was in, they Had a major distribution joint here. They had a drone called Pen and Pixel Here. Yeah, pen and Pixel. You do everybody album cover, master P, pen Money. They was doing all the same thing. And it was an independent distributor you dropped started in age and it sent an A. All that started in age. I know that shit. Yeah. Nigga Saying some real shit. Nigga Know his shit. That's all shit. He murder. Murder dog. Saying like that just meant something to me. Like I gotta keep this culture going.


I'm gonna take the sacrifice of being independent my whole career to show people I'm gonna do what Houston people did when they were sending albums out the Trump and the Internet. What name was doing, what's his name was doing 90,000 albums. Hard copy South Park, Mexican Dope House records. Yeah, I'm talking about in like three Weeks. Dope. Yeah, yeah. We doing and we did that in this generation Time 20,


this Episode, a million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by New Amsterdam Vodka Now life ain't going your way. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your wife cheating today. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. Oh the Eagles beat the commanders today. A New Amsterdam Vodka is the official vodka bars through sports is filtered five times. No, it's distilled five times. It's filtered three times for a clean, crisp finish. You could drink it straight up, you could drink it on the rocks, juice soda. Or you can make a classic new Amsterdam mule when you out and about at your local liquor store, you know what you do, you get you some New Amsterdam Vodka. You hear me and you take it to the crib. Shout out to my wife. They be cocktailing it up at the house doing they thing. I call it the new Amsterdam queen. Dude. Dude, what's up baby? But shout out, shout out to New Amsterdam Vodka, the official vodka bars through sports and simply the best vodka on the market.


Right? What's your name? Big Bro. How y'all doing man? I'm dope boy. Sauce man. I'm an artist. I'm also the big bro of this sauce, man. I started, I'm one of the originators that started with the brothers right here. One Of the originators, you know what I'm saying? Put 'em on they pockets. Yeah, that, I mean the first video we shot, man, I actually had a Real SI shot my first video at Dough Boy Highs for Sauce. And you had a real squabble out there. Yeah, yeah. He just got through video in the middle of my video. Put him on his pocket and had about 200,000 and blues and two outside four, five slabs in the yard. Candy blue swingers, polka diamonds hanging. Yeah. And I had a Mercedes Benz S five 50 out there. Mine and two white girls in the video.


If you wanna see the video that he talking about his car, I don't know. I don't know. Look up SAUCE. WALKA, I don't know, about 12 years ago. Know what I'm talking about. So this big boy dope bus sauce. And anytime, lemme tell I m I don't care. I gotta sit there. Time when one of my girls had, we got into it, we and she, I left her house and she threw out my stuff out the window and bleached my clothes and I was living outta my bin at the time. 'cause my other girls didn't live in Houston. They living in Dallas and Austin so ain ain't have nowhere to go. And I was living in my Stu Studios a record that r and i Rm g studios, RP Peanut, another big dog bounce in the city first. That's reason why I got 15 black and pink cars is because I grew up watching a peanut with 20 red cards.


And I always told you, I said peanut, I'm gonna have 20 pink cars. Like you, you got 20 red cars and he ain't have no 20. He had slabs but them 20 cars he had wasn't slabs. These are Lamborghini Peanut wrecked. The Lamborghini left took the Lamborghini to his like how like this same here, same thing. I got sauce factory, big his own building, arms studios. He wrecked the Lamborghini, took it to the studio, left it in the middle of the grass, took pictures of it, went to the Lamborghini store, bought another one and left the burnt, messed up one there. He didn't set it or nothing. This is an art to him now. Yeah, that's my lamb begh that we crashed and we was 25 red cars bend everything. Yeah. I want to be like him. So boom dough boy, I ain't have nowhere to go with my, all my clothes got burnt up and, and bleached and I got my bin all, I'm just a young with six, 7,000 left in my pocket.


Yeah. Nowhere to go in the s five 50 bills that I gotta pay 1200 for in a couple days. I'm dumb boy. Big bro. Can you go gimme some clothes? No, no. You ain't asked that. I I called you and I Oh you, I'm finna come get you and I'm, I'm finna you go get some. Okay, well yeah, he called me. I heard what was going on. I'm finna come pick you up nigga. I'm finna go take you to get some old clothes so you get back on the ground. Do what you need to be doing. Gotta fuck Because, because I was one at one time. You know, I ain't gonna lie. A lot of us was in, was one at one time. Yeah. At that point in your life, was you a home? Yeah. I I think I've been like there my whole life.


I made myself a millionaire there. But I'm saying was the socks over place to stay man, that's how I became a millionaire from the waist down. I called it pimping from the waist down. I pimp from the head and from the waist down. That's place to stay, man. Stay. Space stations look. Hold on. Wait, now I broke it down. It's about five. That's what we do. They thinking about Sha. Yeah, I broke that house. Hold up, Hold up, Hold up, Hold up. Hey Andrew, let me make you see that. So listen Mr. Best agent In the game on the phone. So listen Andrew, this is my man Andrew from Mac Agency, right? So listen y'all always just always, always just talking about a tour.


So how you, what's up with the TSF tour and you get him, you know, hey, where you need to be at. You know what I mean? You got all the venues like what's up with that? So, you know, you know we've been talking for a while and you had, you had a big year last year, 2025. I'm, I'm feeling some good from you this year, Brother. Let's go. I can't wait. You already know. I know that your energy is, there's no one that can match your energy bro. And you have the most respect out here. It's one, it's one moment away going break it through and Right and, and and being everything that you've been working so hard for. Thank you. I really believe that. And I've told you that. You know I've told you that a few times.


Yes. You know. Yes you have. So 20, 25, let's dig in and let's make some Happen. I can't wait. I got some big albums, big surprises for you. Big names I told you about the SAUCE, WALKA Mexican o OT album. We got some big things that's gonna do it. I can't wait. I'm gonna put you on text with the man juice. So you get this tour cranking. Thank you. Ey Ey sauce. Mac Sauce. Yes sir. Mac sauce man. What Sauce. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That's What it's about, Man. That's what it's about Man. 'cause because your performance is so electrifying. I've seen it again. I don't know how you not it, I, I don't know how You ain't is pulling up in Charlotte. The whole crew pulling up in my, and this is crazy.


All of them perform like me. Like all of them are great performers. We all got the energy. We all super saying. Saying right, I'm gonna bring you back to GILLIE Fest this year. Right. All I'm saying is right. Please don't climb up there. Thank you, thank you, thank you. I'm like this, this two stories up. I ain nowhere I was going security stuff nigga. Nigga you gotta understand I'm backstage. We clean out.


They say yo so motherfucker come back. They say yo saw so crazy, crazy. I walked to he hanging from the joint he up. I'm like, oh Gil what this old what on? Hey so about when you go about the crowd that time you thought they gonna catch your ass. Oh they ain't catch you. No. Yeah, no. I did a per flip in the crowd one time and they moved and I hit the ground. How long ago was this? It was at a riff rap concert like 10 years ago. See listen dude, he was two years in the game was going catch you. I hold you quiet back then. I want to get back to him man. Go Baby goat man Sauce.


Gohan one and only from Chicago all the way to the Houston flew down here when I was 15. Man with big bro, man. You know what I'm saying? It is Emmy like TSF I've been rapping TSF before all half of all the S knew me. Like when big Bro made TSF, when he came out with sauce, when that was what he did, that's what I was, you know what I'm saying? Way before anybody knew me in Chicago Streets was rapping that, you know what I'm saying? 73rd and five campaign RP Dece five. Yeah, Chicago North about this shit. Boys all the way know about them. Ada boys know what what I'm saying? Yeah. We from the south side of Houston and the south side of Chicago.


Inglewood. Yeah. 73rd er boy. Yeah. Racine baby. Yeah. All right. For me saying boys, the boys what I'm saying 1200 Drip. Know what I'm saying? No For real Mafia though. Flat. That mafia, that mafia flat, That mafia tear up business. We don't need to win El train. Man I'm big bro. I been around since Ben dying, since coming back through dying time. Went to the pen, came back out, jumped in the bin. How many years you went to The pen? $15 together. Got and fluid like a feather talking about hey man on sauce, excuse my friend some black Irish. This my big brother. But We've been putting it down like how when y'all had asked a question about how much music we got, we doing things like this. I just come home.


I got five albums done complete in a matter of months. Yes sir. That's not even released, You know what I'm saying? He has compiled a whole nother four albums that ain't even came out and he just dropped I too two coming out right now. You know what I'm saying? That's how we, that's how we do. You was saying where we get it from it really he Peso Peso, Peso, Peso. He know what he was saying but what he really meant to say is just the ingredients, the seasoning when we spill it just, it's just the seasoning. It like cooking in the kitchen. When you go in the kitchen you don't gotta know what you doing. Just get the season and throw in there and when it come out it's sausage. That's to why we call splash time flavor when you come out it's just a city of flavor where a spill is real Already feel y'all know Sauce would winning it Man Southside h Time the in baby went through Dead ain baby man bro been going at it since kids.


I'm talking about since we was little boys running around. Hey and can I elementary tell them people, tell them what You've Been through too. I'm talking about I been through the from the mud. Okay. So I got in some trouble early, you know what I'm saying? I go down to the penitentiary, I do nine years bro. Them pop the sauce off. I was gone but I'm hearing about it. But guess who down there dripping with me. Train. We ain't no sauce members right there. No sauce. We just inmates. We inmates bro. Who was working back there in the high security? I'm in high security bro pulling me out. The high security giving me extra trays. I'm talking about I'm never in my cell bro. I'm never in my Cell. I'm telling bro, I say bro, I'm about to pop out my LeBron and I'm about to doing their thing.


It is good. It's facts. We had been rapping like everybody know about the South Ts L but we were mass mode. We was, we been rapping since Rappings was rapping. Facts. We been free. See Ain ain't even, I wasn't even hearing about the sauce like I was, what I'm saying at the time I was away. But I'm hearing SAUCE WALKA, I'm hearing Sanchi but I don't know the names because that nigga is Awal and Sanchi is Mike Demy at these moments sometimes you feel me? So I'm like I know what them niggas talking about but Chain put me on. He brought up He Popeye Splash. It's automatic 'cause he had the ingredients. He had the ingredients and it made sense.


This episode a million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by Body Armor, sports water, the alkaline water that provides real hydration with electrolytes for taste. Everybody in the office around the studio house, they be drinking it. You know what I mean? As you can see, pop it open right now 'cause I am a little parched now I can finish my ad. Make sure you get you something. Body Armor, sports water at Walmart or your local grocery store near you. You know what I'm saying? We can't get enough of that Body Armor, sports water in my opinion. And you don't gotta take my opinion because it's just my opinion, but in my opinion this is the best water on the market. Body Armor, sports, water, get you some and at Walmart for your local grocery store.


Right About mass mode rapping though, time Mass Rapp Nigga big bro. Real shit nigga. Shit, I'm nine years old. Big bro sending 150, 200 hard copy CDs, front and back. Title name to Chicago. You know what I'm saying? Houston Stars no started Way Back in 2002. Let's give to, let's give it to Ari. Making most sense sense. I've been a known rapper in the inner city of Chicago too. A child. Hold on, Hold on. But what I was doing in Houston, me and my mama and my, my whole family in Chicago Pull up on us on the block.


Real true story. He took me to the block, pulled up and said, hey man, you his uncle. Man I got a whole album that he done when he was a kid. I got a Couple albums up For him. I'm, and I thought he was lying so I got the press like man I need him man. I got them whole right now. Send me song for song. A old school way got albums he done before he even came boy 15 years old in Chicago. They got them the whole album albums. They in the trenches in a dope hole. I'm in a dope hole where they selling hard drugs nigga I ain't talking weed and I'm in. Can we introduce though, One of the most important T What the I ain honey Dipple talking about East Texas kid country boy.


The country boy. Man these niggas invited me into the family from the country. I been watching these s from the country since I was young. You know what I'm saying? Watching come up. I would listen to him when he was a walk during the battle raps. I was hearing about the, I was hearing about mash mode. All the stories. Yeah. And you know how you, they they say when you, when you meet, you look up to sometime you don't want to. I'm glad I did because all the stories for real, Real. This Ain't really going on man. I'm glad to be here but the family, I don't have no family but these guys up here, you feel me? So it is always good to be welcome home. That type Start talking regularly because I didn't know what The fuck This nigga head.


This nigga's a real superstar in Texas though. Like he's really a big artist in Texas is really, I really, a lot of my brothers are in different ways. El Train left but El Train was a big rapper way before, but this guy right here, this is the new Pimp. Good nigga man. I'm gonna say he going be, he probably going to get a little bit more love Than A couple x Nigga. He knew what he was. Keep it all way real though. And I can show you the text message. I mean the dm, I dmd, CJ Strau see you on the Super Bowl.


I'm Telling you. You see how them niggas play them motherfucker charges nigga boy Niggas. And I respect him and I got a lot of Yeah that Nigga bro. We love that nigga. Come Nigga, hopefully we we see all in the, the Super Bowl, you know what I mean? That nigga balling come here nigga come here splash. Man that payday through this bitch nigga. This is one of the original folk. Man. I've been down since Day zero nigga Me You. Yeah nigga. The original really the original three. But we ought say the original four Sauce Walka such your sauce pan and Sosamann.


That is the, that's the what they call Mount Rush smoke. Yeah that's Mount Rushmore. My nigga ain't never dropped a song in his life but a boy that nigga been doing more dripping and splashing than a nigga could ever do. Ever last. Yeah. Nigga ain't him. Big boy, big boy, big boy, big boy, big boy. Everything man. I've been here since day one, man. Like it just, it it is really kind of like a dream come come true because bro came in my house one day and was like, Hey bro, we gotta take over this rap game bro. We gotta, we gotta get up in there. I'm just, I know I can do it. And I believed in him man. Well let me ask you a question though. Day one, when he came to you like man we gotta take over this rap game and he saying that don't rap like what you, I mean but I'm a fan of rap though.


I know everything about rap, I know about you, I know everything about rap. But what I'm saying is in your mind was that like nigga, I mean I'm a back but you gotta take this shit. Yeah, he, that's exactly I was, that's why he so important because he's gonna always keep me live or humble or walking. Ain't raping on over here getting this money. Bitch you gotta do this. Hold on, walk you gotta, why you ain't go rap? You need to go that Milwaukee. You need to be at that concert. Right? You need to go up and there and go talk to the people and not He that's gonna talk you some s to you. But he do a whole bunch of other shit. I'm just, I'm just levelheaded and I said on both sides. And he's also a part of the reason why and TSF And all around Houston, Texas dress good when you talk about that fashion, this my about Batman and robbing when you talking about this fashion and teacher take us how to dress.


Wait, wait, wait, wait. We gonna keep it real right now. Nigga Who Was Batman Who was robbing? I ain't gonna lie. I think I Batman. Batman with the rapping though. Know what I'm saying? I'll give it to my nigga. My nigga. He like I would throw first Lord his whole life. I ain never take that for my brother. Absolutely. But so we was little niggas when he was just out the grave been a fashion dressing. That's what I'm saying. We are the generation of dressing. But it took me and what I did with the drip and the sauce to take to the world and the city though, know what I'm saying?


Because he was always who he was. But when we came all together and made that stage that 30 days of dripping, see You Don tell him about 30 days of dripping. Yeah. Yeah. We went 30 days of dripping when we just going back and forth just trying to see who got the best fits. Just giving it to the, in the beginning of Instagram though this when Instagram is the, the real tender Instagram and we talking about, we talking about in the early time is, I don't know what this was like 2013 or 2012 or 11, whatever it was. But we talking about putting on 3004 $5,000 fits for 30 days straight as kids we're children, we 22 and 21 years old when this was not going on. People are still wearing tall tees and jerseys and and fat form with some weirds or whatever they was wearing.


They wasn't wearing but we was Balenciaga Arenas was Fara, Gummo, FARA Gummo, Louis g Louis Baton Gucci way back then. Big Gucci jacket 4500, 3500 Gucci jacket. What Rich God. Rich God before Rich God was before Rich. God was rich God when it was whatever it was, what was it called when it was skate house? Yeah this one of, I'm wearing Rick made by Rich Guard right now instead of putting on for this age time. But we've been doing this for a long time man. Hold on bro. Hold on. Yeah we got Bucci pee in there. I was Dkng vo if you know, but that's a whole nother, you feel me? That's a whole nother story. But this is me Gucci P man. It's the one, one still ain't been nothing man. I don't not bring the sun out at night. Don't shine, right? Yeah.


I'm talking about y'all ain't seen like this is Gucci man saying Buro, right? Yeah. Free search though man. I'm a artist, you know what I'm saying? I'm a young entrepreneur. I got my own clothing line. I got my own cannabis brand and I'm always looking to expand, you know what I'm saying? So yeah. Y'all with me man. The yellow fella man. One man. I'm one of the originals too man. I've been, That's the first connect, hey that's about this TS L shit. All right. Houston is, lemme say this, Houston is separated from the north side to the south side facts. You know what I'm saying? So when you talk about clique culture and when you talk about the legacy of Houston, the original legacy of Houston is north side and south side, right?


Screw up, click rap A like screw up click Swisher house. Or you can say, you can say the UA houses in the dope houses if you wanna put, you know what I'm saying? But school is so big, it's just bigger than everything and it's just whatever. But when the thing about those group groups are, it was never north side or south side together. The whole Houston history is beef of North side and south side. That's our culture. Watch that TSL business. That's why we sold Legendary. That's another reason why we sold Legendary in this state. HU TSF is the record label is the goof is the coolest that ended in reality. The war and the hatred that fuck though just the war, the pure hatred in S Heart between a side nigga and a south side nigga.


We did that. We, the first click ever to come out from the beginning is we got this known all around Houston Mo Gang and TSF that's from the north side and the south side. The only thing that make them not, and they is the original, they first generation first everything. TSF is just, that's what makes their story and make it so important is that they was already something on the north side. Bucci P Fifth Ward, JP that's not here right now. Original TSF business Rizzo Rizzo is Hot Flame. The fire man and the original, original TSF business, one of the first to get on the radio for TSL is Rizzo. Rizzo gonna make a hit Round s next to me Rizzo. Rizzo. See what I'm saying? But the Fred what you produce that? What?


Yep. Yeah I Oh you saying that's, you said yeah you too but you produce you, you know what I'm saying? You Finn right here that we gonna producers, y'all finna have y'all own time after the rappers. But yeah, check this out right here with this BCI P why it was so important and so significant is because like I said, the north and the South was known for hating each other. Even a few rappers that tried to make little songs, little mixtapes back then it was never organic. It was never genuine and it was never original. Y'all didn't start that way. So everybody know it's faking know it's not real. They never hung together and y'all never hung together. We really, every day we got the same. Before we signed contracts, we was the only record label that's running around signing our record label on our face and our skin. That's how we signed, signed contracts, we signed, we all got the same signature on our skin and our face.


Not your finger, not your arm, not behind your leg and the face. And that was something that Houston never seen. Y'all would've been like listen nigga, This shit don't work out. Gotta get a job. Right. We got the sauce. The sauce gonna pay you regardless. You don't got, that's the thing about the sauce. Once you get the the blessing. No I'm just saying I, I'm for real though. Everybody, that's your day job when you get this tribute. I seen all the other fucking 48 whips out there Ball. Yeah all my niggas pulling up. He big boy whip, he ap. I don't know why he over here B modest, he regular now he big bm. He got the same BMW got with the screen drop. He ain got that. It is regular psych.


It's regular until you picking one of bitches you did start. Lemme say something get get so deep. It's all real with this. It's so much of a family, it's so much of an organization. It's so much of a brotherhood. It's so much of a what they call shit when you in a, not because we know this is Split Mafi what they call the sorority fraternity. This a fraternity for Mason gentlemen. Even our camera man is as t yourself all the way in this shit. I ain't got the tattoo but I'm Mr. Sauce tv, I'm Mr. Sauce, that TV bro. You know what I'm saying? Media coming and shoot all the videos. And I love my brother Tattoo Coming this week. My Nigga Gonna meet him in the back Tattoo who taught me how to rap Hule.


You know what I'm saying? I came out Here. I'm not from Houston Out here For a whole year. I slept in my car. This man showed me how to rap Hule, we was busting down a hundred dollars off a video. He'll do a feature and we'd get $200 and bust that whole down. You know what I'm saying? For a whole year straight. So I love you. Why put me in the game And we podcast and this one of my podcast hosts too. Sauce me up podcast. We started our podcast. Me, him, my brother Get Juice. JT down the way be El trainer was just up here. Yeah we putting everybody in position because I'm tired of looking at this shit and not saying nothing. Man who The fuck, what what the is them joints.


I ain't had these last time you. Fuck no. What you done spent on that? You don't want to know. Yeah, like 1.1. See Daddy be disgusted with this. Daddy Be like, you don't want know. See my daddy got by a hundred thousand on his nick right now. Dad, dad talking that shit. He pulled up in a motherfucking meat back or something. Yeah, he got a hundred thousand, 120,000 Mayback out there. Yeah, he got a hundred thousand diamond chain on his, he went put his ring. Sometimes you gotta remind it's a million dollars right here though. Sometimes you gotta remind dad when he started, when he started saying I don't know why he got it a million dollars and how long though? And now only we got a million dollars in the mob. I I I, I I I bought out about 250,000 cash for you too.


A free little dirt. You know what I'm saying? I know he came up to the with a million. Y'all caught me under light that I got two 50 outside for you though. I put out right now on camera. I red figure that's how we drip to real. You know they be talking to Bumping and they waiting on that record label and waiting on another endorsement or a show. Nah, we real do to the flow. I red figure, don't worry about I'm gonna go get it in a second. Me, I got some more of my good friends up there. Know what I'm saying? I want to get to my producers too. But what my Luther King I put off for the whole city I'm putting off that really been around Tsf name Luther King TB fans name. He not t sf but he underrated tsf. He flat mafi you one of the biggest artists in Houston, Texas Talk Him.


Yes sir. Side here to Splash. Know what I'm saying with my boy. I really just good to see it come forward with my dog. Proud up. See him put a decade in, know what I'm saying? Decade In Strong. I been just in a motivation. Aston get to m I love you solid nigga. Can we go shoot some of these motherfucker? Yeah. Come on let's go. And I go get that chicken. Yeah, come on. I never Finn go to my, oh hold on, hold on all that because what you said, lemme say how deep this, you said what? The tattoo about the the the the cameraman ain't got the tattoo. That's fucked up. Huh? Well watch this Megan, my assistant dude, Ms. Megan, miss Megan showing no tattoo.


She got a What kind of woman is that? She don't look like us. They be like Miss Megan get the guns in. Yes. For real. Megan go the, she got motherfucker extend those hanging off. Yeah man. Welcome to the garage right here. This is why all that good fighting and pushing on, on camera. Man. Look, you see we got these gloves right here. You know what I'm saying? Then we call this the land of opportunities. You see what I'm saying? Right here. We show a lot of love through these gloves. You see it's blood look, there's blood on the S right now. Got blood stains on them, bitch, these hos get put to work.


No, what I'm about you put Iwo right now. I'm trying to, I ain leaving ghost mode. You know what I'm saying? This is another one of the, I didn't even, you know what I'm saying? I actually own a printing company though. You know what I'm saying? I, I bought this so I I I'll take you to that. If you wanna go to some of my business establishments, you know, I, that's another thing that we could do. That might be another segment. Another day I got five different commercial properties that I could take it to like this one that I own. And I have different businesses right now. Different employees, real businesses stuff. Yeah. This is my print company right now. What I'm saying print, but I sauce, you know what I'm saying? They just made this made the cheese shit, shit me and that. Right. The game over there for my club.


You know what I'm saying? So I also have, we also make LED digital with professional science on top of buildings. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's, I Wanna show you all this, this is what's most important, right? Could say million dollars worth for gay part two. He was worthy of us coming back a second time. Roy, we got mul, we got this good mule on my dad right here. I came out this guy's nuts. And man me a great guy. He, he keeps screaming up my run, bro, stop how we crazy nigga. I'm a, I'm a different type of nigga.


You know my mama was an exotic dancer, you know what I'm saying? I'm a special, you know what I'm saying? I was born into this shit. Hey this my, this, this is my daddy first Billy, I bought him. Are you recording this? So this a Billy Mo saying I bought this one my daddy, I forgot how many years ago I about this song. And I told him, I'll buy you a Billy daddy. But the only thing is it gotta be color coordinated like my cars. So at first it was all brown and he loved it but he was still getting a lot of attention that he didn't want. Yeah. And I wrapped it black and pink. And then he like, son, I don't wanna drive that damn car no more. 'cause everywhere I go they won't leave me alone. They know I'm Salt Walker. So I bought him a Maybach. Yeah.


Bought the Billy for my daddy saved thousand. So, you know what I'm saying? Right here, this we Maybach I own, I have 1, 2, 3, 4, I have five Maybachs, I own five Maybachs. I got the 2022 or 2023. 2023 I think 20 23 5 80 Maybach. I have the 2022 Maybach truck. Six 80 or six whatever is I have that. And then I have, so I think I have five Maybachs. Yeah, I have 3 20 18.


The, the the 600 series. Yeah. That's the most, that's the Nipsey Hussle Mayback. The LeBron James Mayback. That's what my dad has. My dad has the Nipsey Hussle Mayback right here. You know what I'm saying? This the original classic. I also have this car as well, right here. V 12. They don't make these in V 12 anymore. Where they stopped. They just started re because they start doing twin tur. They doing V eight twin turbos. And then, but these were the last v twelves at first. So me, my dad, my brother Sancho, we all got matching OG mayback. But then I have the brand new Mayback as well. What's up with the handles? Oh, bay the nap on the handle, you know, you know what I'm saying?


Fashion. So we bringing, and I hadwan on this car at first, but I took the Wanger off. You know my signature color. I'm, I'm, I'm black and pink. I'm black boy. I'm black bird. Like I I I slang our terminology. I'm the black boy. I'm black bird. My brother, he he yellow boy. So some man, he brown boy. So his car is brown. Sunshine cars are yellow. Payday cars is purple. He got our clothes purple. Our D is purple. Like everything is color coordinated to who he is. You know what I mean? Lifestyle shit. This Rolls-Royce right here. This for my uncle. This how torn ride shit motherfucker. I about this for torn. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. J Kid Big Rolls-Royce Drophead.


Yeah, because the city gotta respect my uncle. When they see my uncle, they see SAUCE WALKA. When they see any of my family or anybody that represent my brand, they seeing me. Yeah. So they gotta be in that shit. They gotta pull up and pull off. Yeah. I need me a new artist too. Hey, hold on, hold on. You wanna see what's wood car right here. Oh, hold that water. Oh yeah. Sauce Wood winning S five 50 sauce. Wood winning nigga. This is my brother nigga for my brother in the big body. S five 50 sauce. Wood winning. I'm out the cell doing well. Yeah. Fresh out the cell doing well. That's five 50 wood. Yeah nigga, I'm talking about how it feel to have your brother like fresh out the cell.


Doing well in my cyber truck. You wanna see my cyber truck now? We gotta go through here. Yeah. So hold on. We, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. We probably already at what, maybe $2 million. Three, two, something like that. S five 50 Maybach, Maybach, Bentley Mosse roll Royce drop head. Yeah. And I got a, I got a roll RoCE done too. A cutting it, you know what I'm saying? I got all this shit. This nigga. We ready to get money nigga. Yeah. What you know about that man? You can do that when you feeling great in your own real estate.


Hey, with that heavy ass jade or two. Yeah, it's half a million dollars right here too though. That's, we got a million dollars in the mouth. Hold on. Let's get silly. We got a million dollars in the mouth. Why is it a million dollars? Because these are GIA certified blue. Now diamonds three carries to one in a 0.8 carrots. Nothing in my teeth is under 180 pointers. 130 pointers for the people that only understand diamonds by pointin. If you say it in carrots, these are one point threes, one point fours, one point sevens, two point twos, 2.6 and three point zeros. Each of these diamonds in my mouth are between the ranges of 35,000 to 55,000 per stone in each two.


That's why this is a million dollars blue now GIA certified me East diamond has the birth certificate in the hospital where it was born and where it came from. It has ancestry. Same thing with this big. You wanna hold it? Come on man. You can smack a cow and kill him Man. You can pull an 18 wheeler with that. Definitely. And it is not gonna break. You can wrap that around and pull an 18 wheeler and it won't break. Okay. Shout out to Hey, come here, come here. Get come here because all this gang, all this all, but we still, who is that on the wall? Who is that plank? Who Plank White? My, this is my good white friend right here. I know he know you. You might Cheese would've knew but you know what's going on with this culture. Oh you yeah, we still on that though.


Yeah. Plank. And he moves every day just like the TV show and, and Eddie. Yeah. We really live this lifestyle. We're grown kids. You see all this mega mans and this me a super Mario on my motorcycle. I own the motorcycle like this in real life. Shine to my brother toast man. He bought me a diamond bandana, a 60,000 diamond bandana that I wear on my leg. Yeah. For blood game social man. And my brother that y'all wanted to see, he brought me that I should have brought it. Anyway, what's up in here? Come on. Stuff we said and I'm gonna take y'all to my strip club so you can see my, my are y'all gonna go to my clubs? I can show you my building. My other commercial real estate that I own on the, and it is also on the side of the freeway. One thing they say about in business is location, location, location. Right? Correct.


All of my commercial properties are off of interstates and freeways. I designed that like that. I have a sign, I have a sign right now that's coming on top of this, this my billboard for my tire company. Me and this, this is my company right here. Me and my partners Bob and my Fritz 24 hour tire shop. We all around the city, 24 hours. You get tires whenever you want to. You the only company in Houston that's on, on every corner and every side of the city that sells 24 hour tires at any time. At time. That's another business endeavor that I'm invested in. So whenever you in a sign and your, your tire flat down, come pull up on over. It's a 25 hour tire. We'll make sure you ride higher. This Peso Peso whip right here.


Oh, Hellcat Hellcat. The rain gold thingo. Yeah. You see that red? And if you turn it off, yeah, it got red lights underneath it. Yeah. This turn red right here. The red bright up red check. Hold on. Red seats. He red. Good. First up show boy he red. Good man Pop trunk. When they say like how other people say like pop out or get live or whatever, get lit. We pop trunk like an as sign pop trunk wave. We pop pop. You know what I'm saying? Come down, we splash down to drip through. Hey. So look, go look at him.


Look at Face up. He escalades Lamborghini trucks. Hell can Durango and being shook. Nigga you bumping though. I'm telling you. Yeah. So peso five cars deep. Yeah. Independent artists. Yeah. Making all his money. This, this is mine right here. This is my land. See what I'm saying? This one of my Escalades right here. I got, I got two Escalades. I got a, I got an all white Escalade and an all black Escalade. I bought the 2020 when they first came out. When they first dropped the new body style, I bought two of them. You know what I'm saying? So this one of my Escalades right here, feel me black th to peel Escalade, whatever.


And this my man, it's Megatron, Megatron Megatron. Oh, I got my phone. Oh yo. See we living in the future. My phone, my phone. I tell my daddy, unlock my car and my daddy got my phone. My phone, my phone dead. You can't get in the car without your phone. Damn. This, this, this phone, this, this phone is a computer. Damn. This car is a computer. Ain't somebody gonna tell my daddy open my car. But that's the point of having a good father back up. Right? My daddy ain't never died. Phone ain. There I'm called Pop pop open up Mega, mega open.


I don't give a damn where I at. But yeah man. This a brand new 2024. 2024. The year that we just left Cyber Truck. And it's not the cheap regular ones that everybody else got. It's the beast. Come back here, check out the monster hits. Look at the wolves. Check the wolves. Like you know, they said in that movie, look at the wheels. Look at the wheels. Now look at the wolves. Yeah, yeah. Well those three wolves stand for the three engines that's inside of the cyber truck. You know what I'm saying? This cyber truck is faster than the Lamborghini years. It's faster than the Porsche nine 11. It's faster than Oh. Oh, start talking. Yeah.


Alright. He walk up camera alive. So this is my good buddy Char, and he's a cyber beast and he's awesome. And I love this guy. It's my favorite car outta all the cars that I have. I must, I must give Elon Musk his credit. He did his much thing with this one. Elon, you did it. I hate electric cars. I hate autonomous vehicles. What an autonomous vehicle is, is a car that drives itself without the necessity of a human being psyched. I don't like that. I I understand the cerebral network. The fuck that?


My car's, the computer, yellow lights, red bandana. Hey man, get the red bandana on the steering wheel. It's really Blood gang. It's really Paru Street though. It's really Martin Luther King, Paru Street. I ain't grew up outta there yet. You know what I'm saying? It's Paru for the rest of my life. On the right side though. See, when you grow up in your man, when we was kids, when we was little boys, how we used to flag and represent our set was to put the, I put our flag on the side of our pocket. That's our side of the set. Bloods on power rules on the right side. Lo and Crips on the left side. You know what I'm saying? So as I grew up and got millions of dollars and I start to be more professional and represent myself as a businessman, I can't walk around with bandanas hanging down my pockets and my pants.


But I could tie it on the wheels of my cars and my steering wheels. Know what I'm saying? I still represent my frats and my brotherhood. Okay, now, now we gonna get to this shit. Now we going to get to this some of the summer of, 'cause this ain't all, we gonna get some to some of this Louis collection right here. And we have some goodies inside of here. If we wanna to show my guys, you know what I'm saying? Inside of this, this just the recent, this just a couple recent, you know what I'm saying? Little 4,000, 4,000, 14,000. This one. You know what I'm saying? This is a special edition, different type of leather, different type of fabric.


This that's a P nine 40. Okay. Yeah. You know Pharrell P nine 40 Pharrell collection. Okay. He said it. Yeah, he, I don't know. I got the one, I got the purple one too. He know how much it cost. So yeah, he wanna stuck a P nine 40. Yeah. Whatever it is. Yeah, I got it. 40 nigga. I'm gonna put y'all down. Just let everybody know he listen, I'm gonna put y'all down on something I really don't like to she my sauce, okay? Because there's certain sauces I ain't going to share, but I, I'll put you down on this right here, man. This is cherry, ooh, cherry.


Ooh. You may know the regular ood or you may know the lost cherry from Tom Ford or the regular OG Cherry from Tom Ford. This is cherry. Ooh. Once she smells cherry ooh is in the mood. Once she smells cherry, ooh, nasty man. I do this. I'm professional. I don't like that one. Just sit right here. This right here. You bumping, you bumping you this cherry. Ooh. See I'm a, ooh, I only wear Mason Francis. Ooh. You know what I'm saying? But when I put that, when you put that cherry in there, that cherry, oh no, that smell good.


Now listen, I got, I got shit really smell like cherry too. I don't know if y'all seen on social media today, if I just buy like 14 or 15 bags of Chanel and Louis Vuitton bag for all the dancers and the strippers and employees at my club because they've been so nice to me and so good. And on opening night, I made roughly around like 230 something thousand dollars on opening night, new year's day. So I bought everybody purses. I got still got one more to give. You know, I don't know how many strip club owners and employees are doing that at their clubs for their dashes. But that's what we do at Splash House Houston, Texas. Oh yeah.


We'll get again, with me being a serial entrepreneur, you know what I'm saying? I have so many different investments, so many different products, so many different things I sell. I own a lot of companies that people don't even know that I own, that have nothing to do with music. Could you get my water free baby? My water space? I, I own so many different companies that like people don't even know or they would never suspect. Because I understand in business, it's like certain businesses you want your face on, you want your identity on. You want people to give you the glory for that. Certain businesses you don't want people to know you on because they're gonna hate on you so much and do everything within their power to, to de glorify, demonetize, oversaturate and diminish the love and respect that people have for your company because they see you as a competitor or a threat or whatever the they see you as.


Right? Right. So I love art, you know what I'm saying? I love art. So when I, every time I meet a artist that does art I, and I think they like tremendous. I sign 'em, I do. Music is a art. All forms of art is something that I, I love. So when I see somebody do art well I sign them. Everything that you seen painted on these walls that we've been around them in my vicinity is all done by my artist named Kid Luke. These wood cutouts are also made by him. Kid L, this table bathing, they table wood cut bathing, they table woodcut, drank woodcut, drank Nike check. All made by kid. Luke, that's my business partner.


So I sell house couture and designer wood cut furniture and just different furniture pieces like this TSF light. He also made that as well. This lights up, if you plug it up, plug it up for me just one time. All this that I made and sell and artists that I do businesses with, you know what I'm saying? I do business deals with 'em. Once we create something and then it is a little mo patrol, we can press them up, control and then do different lightings. It's flicking right now, right here. Boom.


Oh, these are my waters. My water. I have my own. I alkaline water with exotic pot sauce, water. Another company that I brand that I own, a company that I'm partners with and I have four beverages with them. I got four beverages with exotic pop. Can somebody get a such and soda for me too, please. You know, so I have two splash drinks that are lemonades for my, my my dance club, my ship club splash house. I have alkaline water that we've been active for two and a half, maybe three years now. And I think we've sold somewhere around like 400,000 bottles or something. 96, 95. It was like right under, it was between 80 and 90 the last time I looked at it. It's been a while since I seen it. But we sold at least 80 to 90,000 bottles worldwide there. And then that my water bottles are in over I think 3000 smoke shops, 3000 smoke shops and and tobacco stores around America. That's soda. Yeah. This is my soda for my brother that's incarcerated. Sancho saucy the other than us. What? So is it cream soda? It's a Bri soda. Cream soda. Bri soda. Bri soda Blood Gang. It's a Bri soda, Peru Street. So yeah, that all of the proceeds And all of the money that comes from his soda goes to his family and goes to his books and goes to him while he in jail. Along with the fact of him being independent and having an independent catalog of albums that we dropped together as the Sauce twins. Like you got the Migos, you got the Sauce twins. When we were dropping all our old albums in our beginning of our career, we never sold those to major labels. We never sold those to companies. So even though he's incarcerated, he's still getting $25,000 a month right now from our old, old catalog. And he would be making a lot, lot even more if he dropped more music. But my brother loves the streets. He loves what he do. So yeah, good cream soda and w cream soda from exotic pop shot out to exotic pop. My business partners, Charles, we got, like I said, they got weed in here. Soda. No bro, I was trying. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. My man. I wanted you to be like, yeah, just a little. Yeah. Good cream soda that needs some drink. Cream soda, man. Okay, so we got my water, we got lemonades, we got a cream soda, them all things that we making $10 or whatever a month off.


Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. We ain't going right there yet. We ain't going right there yet. Pay. Pay.


Okay, so we have another product that I have. I'm gonna let you check it out for I tell and people packaging. So it is a vape. Yes. I started my own vape company with only 3% nicotine. The rest is like all in that. And it's called rap. That's him on the front. Yeah. So I, I, this is a new company that I'm starting with some other guys, but I'm, I'm basically the main owner of the company. But me and a small group of guys, we starting a vape company called Rap Bars because rappers have bars, rappers rap, and we have bars. And I'm selling vape bars for different rappers from different cities in different states to have their own face on their own vape. Instead of us spending all our money on all these other different companies and Alibaba products and stuff. I mean, we can tell people all we want to not smoke, not do this, not that, but people gonna do what they wanna do. So I was just trying my best to put out something on the market with way less nicotine than all the other products that are 50% nicotine mine, way less 6,000 puffs. And it's giving rappers another way to get into wholesale and retail to get into commerce. You know what I'm saying? Like taking yourself and putting your name and your face on a real physical product. It's FDA approved, got all the legal shit, perfect packaging and this, that's a way for us to brand ourselves and put ourselves in the stores that everybody walk into every day when they walk into the store. You see a Mike Tyson Blunt, a Mike Tyson vape and so on and so forth. We are, the only thing that makes a business of business is the, is the people that invest into it. So anybody can be anything. You could be Nike tomorrow, you know what I'm saying? Just a lot. So this another brand that I'm investing in. I got three artists right now that are making their own bars. Rap. Rap bars with me. I'm not gonna reveal it right now, but they big artists. Big artists from Memphis, a big artist from New York. So we all gonna have our own vapes, you know what I mean?


So what I show, I show my water. I shot my studio, the art, my security company. What? Hold on Hell nah, all that. Where Ken at Keno, Camille, I'm just a serious, all anything around me is business. So we got Ken right here. This is my business partner. We started a security company together called what? TSF, tactical Unit. TSF, tactical Unit. I have a security company as well that provides protection for celebrities and superstars and athletes all around the world. We've been working together for about a year or so now. I've never had security. I've never won security. I feel like I am a security guard myself. When y'all met me in Philadelphia and I came with y'all, y'all I met many of thousands of rappers.


They all came to y'all with security, correct? Not Albert. Albert came with all my jewelry on, all the money in my pocket, all no security. But I understand how to move as a security detail because my father was a security guard officer. When he left athletics and sports, he became a security guard. So I have a high respect for security and I have a respect for what security do, but I know how to move like once. So I was fifth, I don't need it. And my brothers are the same. But moving forward in business, buying more companies, buying more commercial real estate, obviously when you're doing that business that needs security, that needs police detail and being there. So me and this gentleman, he been always showing me love. He always wanted to do security for me for free and never charged me for that.


And it sparking us starting the business together. TSF tactical. So if you need some officers, get at me. I'll holler at you next, next time Keynote. That's, know what I'm saying? But everything I do in life is business Gotta be, you know what I'm saying? If we have a relationship, then our relationship has to be beneficial or it's artificial, right? If I can't help you and you can't help me, then that means we can't help we. If I can't use you and you can't use me, then that means we are what? Useless. Who wants to be that? Okay. So now that since we in the red room, you know what I'm saying? This is one of, this is the red room where we produce, this is where we rap. You know what I'm saying? This is what you know, we used to get kicked out of a lot of people's studio for nothing about me. I've never had the paper studio time in my life.


Like I've always been there so talented of an artist and bring so much energy and power to a room to where people never wanted to charge me to be there. People just, I bring value to being in their studio. I've never paid for beats, I never paid for studio time, none of that. But in the midst of that, I started to learn and realize like, Damn, I still need these things and need these people to be attached to me though. I need my own producers, I need my own engineers. I need my own, you know what I'm saying? Studio time. And I can't necessarily make people do that for me for free and not make them money. So I devi different ways and price and scheme to make my engineers and make my producers and the people that believed in my career and believed in my style.


I found ways to make them rich and make them money without me having to pay them. You know what I'm saying? And that's how we got Iceman Chamberlain, reg Fred on him. Let them talk. You see his mob man got 60,000. His mouth. What's the speed? This a producer. He made beats. You see somebody got a camera fast. Like look at this nigga mouth man. Know what I'm saying? Up what I'm saying, he produced to him too. The producers. Yeah, the piece. All independent though. All independent shit. Keep The p the tape. Yeah. Soft stuff. Click soft stuff. Splashing. Ts l Ts l. Business splash. Upfield. You ain't get the tattoo yet, nigga. Man, he ain. Ain't gonna lie, he so original Fred on him.


He before. Hey, you ever heard the song? Look at the flick of the Wrists. Yeah, that's him. The beat. A lot of the Don tolerable, a lot of them great hits that you heard done to us. A lot of good shit helped Them get his first deal with Atlantic workers. Fred don't made no sense. So I started out with, we all started out together as kids. I always gotta say the word kids. We was all kids. Shit. We was young as hell. Figuring it out. Figuring it out. Me, Fred Jre, whichever you go, where you at nigga, nigga. Ain't nothing to say you already know. Original producer, you know what I'm saying? First one started with me. Time Two, the jet to quitted this, the this, the genesis right here, Jay Reg and Fred on him.


These are the first two, my first two original in-house TSF business. Sworn to the sword. We riding out. We finna blow this shit up. We made our first hit record in his mama garage. Yes sir. Two, the Jet to Quitted, my first hit national record was produced and made in his mom's garage. And my, my man been riding with me ever since year. He Big Diamond, he got more jewelry than this too. I don't even know why he ain't win because he got, you know what I'm saying? But they all nice car and he owns his own studio in Barbershop it and he got his own studio and toy shop. Yeah. And he got his own studio with him. So let's all talk about that. I own my own studio And all of my producers have been put in a position to own their own studios and still come to our studio.


Wouldn't be nothing without this man. I'm trying to tell you man. Trying to tell y'all I make monsters. I make Tycoons is all independent dog. Independent. Remember that cameraman? He family, him and his wife, they family. We been riding with them forever too, for photography. Just do all my photo shoots. My album covers Carlos. What your, everybody, when I do this, when I do my fingers like this, he ain't, Carlos shoots your nationality. Say what? What's your nationality? I'm a Hispanic Honduran. Just like who? Just I am? Yeah. How you wanna see my uncle?


Oh, Wil my uncle Wil. You just run around screaming. Oh, Wil. Oh girl. Why is this say, this said crazy. Excuse me. I'm, I'm, I'm like, I'm really a born, I'm a special type of human. I don't know why the universe made me like this, but yeah, he was finna get, he was finna get it to a this right here. This my blood uncle. That's what I'm saying. You was finna get into a serious conversation. You was finna get into something serious. What you was, come here uncle. What you was Finn. This is my blood uncle. What's your name? What's your person? Last name? Walker. Wilwood what? Walker? Wilwood Walker. My name is Albert. What? Walker? My name is Albert.


That's how you get SAUCE. WALKA. You get SAUCE. WALKA. 'cause my name is Albert Walker. This is Wilber Walker bro. This is my blood uncle. This is my daddy. Blood brother. Yeah. So You don speak Spanish? Tell him you Honduras hon. Oh, so you from Honduras? Yes. It's not better though. He's from Honduras too. Yeah, San Pedro. Oh, San Pedro? Yeah. Okay, okay. Yeah, that's where my family from my family. But You don Spanish. I ain. Get make it there. You almost fooled me. No, I I fucking fool me.


Get Damn. I Spanish though. But, but that's why I cut it up. Yeah, I cut it. I should know more. But mother In case I know My, my grandma, his mother. Right. My grandma and my grandfather are immigrants. My dad and my, and my mother, my grandma, their parents. Him. That nigga right there. Right. Big nigga right there. That's his, that's his little brother from Honduras too. I'm not from under, I'm from New Orleans, but my parents are from Hondura. Oh, okay. And my brother from Honduras. Okay, so you're the older brother. Yeah. Right. I'm the older brother. Nigga you in some Honduras. You just wasn't born there. I just said that.


No, you said I'm not from Honduras. Like born in the land. Underran, but I'm by blood Underran. Oh yes. Okay. We all hondu by blood. Both of his parents are Honduran. But what I'm saying is, But you're born in America. But What I'm saying is Bob, he got right. 'cause if, If your parents From Africa, you was born in Brooklyn, nigga you from Brooklyn, You could be from Brooklyn. But you are still African. We all from Africa don't look bullshit. I'm believe it. I think my mama's American Indian. I don't think she know. I don't think my mama from mother. I already did my, we don't like them already did my, my Africas, I'm from Nigeria. Niggas in America, we don't like Africa and motherfuckers Zimbabwe.


I don't believe it. Well I'm From Nigeria. I did my inces. I can believe that. But I could see a little Nigerian. Ethiopian. So Somali. I could see it in Somali. In your eyes. And the head. I see it. I got Somali friends that look similar to you. What I'm saying. So what is he? Huh? So what is low? From his eyes to Ears. Like a good span. Run fast and jump high. Tony be in the Olympics.


So you what I'm saying we got to my producers, we got my, we got my engineer up in here big hoop. We got my number one TSF coordinator got us. Your big who? Man, big hoop help me. He just, he behind the scenes having all the business. Man, be happy. I'm saying take care of that. You gonna see you've been rolling them up all night. It, it iss our cannabis. We have a cannabis brand as well saying check. Lemme know what you think. You know what I'm saying? Donuts is what the best, the best brand in the world. What I'm saying know I'm, I ain forgot about you either bro. You know what I'm saying? I just know you get down a little differently. So I'm gonna wrap with you.


What's this called? Charles Barkley? Nah, that's it man. Man I'm saying. Yeah absolutely. And then you know up here you got a bag of, Hmm, there we go. You know, trying to get the million dollars worth the game. Got bag cheese, said what we call it. Bu said you find a 20 ounce. I say you find a hundred or 20 this blood gang, TSF split mafia, tomato, tomato cheese. We call them red strips.


We call 'em Red Dead redemption. You have tomato strips, Dorito chips. That's what we call them. We like our money red. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. This straight from the bank, just to make 'em think, you know what I'm saying? All red fifties, I probably got some extra in my pocket. 50 stacks. Each one. 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 50, 50 50. 50 50. Oh what I got right here. Oh this, that's just a dollar from girls and make them ship club. You know I own a ship club so ones just so happened to be around, you know what I'm saying? But yeah, these all s too man. You know, that's my favorite color is, you know what I'm saying, where I came from. Yeah. Pink and red and black. They my favorite color. Black man. Pink, red bandana what I'm saying. Yeah. All. Yeah.


You know what I'm saying? That's what made me final, you know what I mean? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? It was her legs that got me ahead. If you understand what I said, you know what I'm saying? O wee. Yeah, man. So how much is that right there? Oh, that's like 200,000. That's probably like another 20,000. Yeah. 50. 50 50. Yeah. Just about 200, 200 light. Little light little two ball. We just showed y'all four, 5 million in cars. Yes, you did. At least 4 million in cars. Ain ain't we ain't talking about jewelry. Yeah, no, we already talked about that. Yeah, we already 500,000 right there. Yeah. Greatest.


You know, mouth. A million dollars. Mouth a million dollars. It rings a hundred, a hundred thousand each as you see, just so you can know, the diamonds. The diamonds in my mouth are half of the size of the diamonds. That's in my ear. You know what I'm saying? Today, the 15, we had to pay bills yesterday too. Yeah. Oh. But I pay $120,000 in bills that this money, we just paid bills. So you understand that too. The, that's another thing with being a business owner and having all this, oh, look at the business man over, he just had that, he just paid bills and he's still doing this. So I pay every month, every year I pay at least 1.2 million in bills without a question for sure. This business, right. This building right here, I pay 7,500 a month for this. It it, I put 300,000 down on, towards the ownership.


700,000. I mean 7,500 a month. My one, the potential water crab, that's my other business. I own, I sell exotic boats in Miami. The jet cars, the, the, the cars that look like yachts and shit. I mean they look like Lamborghinis and Ferrari and shit. I, I manufacture those, I manufacture those from scratch. I own that company for tons of watercraft. And I got my, my studio, my, my, my manufacturing building. It's also the Sauce factory out there. So I'm paying 12,000 a month for that. You know what I'm saying? Then we got the, the strip club. What's the Flash House just opened that. That's 22. That's 22,000 a month for that. You know what I'm saying? My my print shop.


Print shop. That's new. That's new. I need to wrap the truck. I've been having that. I've been having that quality for like six months. I've been paying I think 5,700 for that. 5,700 for that. I got food trucks, like all this shit every on the, on the first day, what is it? The fifth, the first third May 15th. That just, that just, that's just commercial businesses though, you know, mean and I got more than that. I'm just freestyle. Oh, I I just bought the thing at Columbia too. I have a building in Columbia now too that I just bought my partner, my partner bought it on the behalf of me. Well, potential watercraft. So I have also have, I'm, I'm gonna post it on Instagram. I haven't even posted it on Instagram yet. I'm gonna post it. Y'all gonna see it. And I'm taking my whole staff and my whole family And all my strippers there. Y'all can come too.


It's a, it's huge. It's a real night. It's my building with a pool and everything. It's mine. It's huge. Huge, huge Question. Like 25,000 square Feet. I ask a question in Columbia, my wife don't even listen to rap music. Right? Imagine when I like babe, I gotta go to Columbia with Saul Walker. What's his name again? SAUCE. WALKA. Oh, ain't my man. You want me to think that's a business trip? Yeah. My bad. But yeah, with that crazy.


Yeah, my bad. But yeah man. You know what I'm saying. TSL business man, we chota boys still, still Chota boys man. You know these Dorito chips right here? Red, what? What? What we call them hos Go on. They red. What? What you said Red? Red shells. Red shells. Red shells, man. Yeah, we just like red and pink shit that, And I just wanna remind y'all too In and I can fly through the airport with this and I can't tell me Independent man. Yeah, independent. The red print man. The red print independent man, red Print. This nigga say we got blacks open Too. Yeah, I ain. I don't, because I don't be care about this as a production company and as a label.


We got plaques, we got a lot of platinum plaques. We got platinum plastic with Kodak Black And all these superstore superstars Got his own flick of the wrist, man got his own. So man got a plaque. He's on the Carter five with Lil Wayne. I got two plaques. Megan Thee stallion traumatized just went gold. I think it's one platinum or whatever. I got a plaque for that. I got a song on that album with her and my song with Xs and Ion on his last album when he passed that album just went, I think it was going two times Platinum on the Vos Vos. So I just got my first couple of little plaques in the line up. But you know, I want more. So I ain't, I don't, ain ain't at a point to brag about that yet. But yeah, I'll say this though.


We over probably a billion or two, one point half a billion streams independent. Maybe we somewhere on the odds of 150 to 200 albums independent within our catalog and releasing at least 20 to 25 albums a year on a light note. You know what I'm saying? We standing on 20 bands and Reds disrespecting it. You know what I'm saying? I'm holding a, I'm holding somebody's whole life in my arms. This, this, this is, this is the childhood of a baby. This is middle school. It's a high school. This is college intuition. What they call that? What you gotta paper? Yeah. This college intuition and a car, right?


And the dorm, somewhere in the state. It's a nice clothes and a computer all in this thing. You know what I'm saying? And this is the dude, right? Yeah. You could raise a whole life with this shit right here. This is what I'm saying. TSF business. I just got my brother an album, one album done. Shout it to my brother Ryan Kane, one of my business partners. STV business. You know what I'm saying? That's the business stacked that stacked that bread to secure that bag. You know what I'm saying? I just sold two albums with my brother Ryan for two of 'em. I just, a quarter million dollars I two 50. Two 50. I just split two 50 with Go hun. Know what I'm saying? Shout out to my little brother. I don't know how much of his money he keep with him, but yeah, he just went home with a hundred, $125,000.


I don't know. Probably. I don't, I know you got something on you. I told you, I told you you got some that shit to the camera. Let see, he reds, reds and blues. Yeah. Blue bear and strawberries. Blue bear and strawberries just on the light. Yeah. Part, part on his arm. Technically speaking. 60, 60 point of bracelet, like say technically speaking, hundred thousand dollars Cuban on his, on his neck. That's a hundred thousand for that Cuban Boy Tears business on his neck. 500,000. That's a hundred thousand just in ban at the on motherfucker.


And I bought, that nigga got that shit selling eight years. Nigga wasn't even on that. That shit felt like $500,000 when they happened. That shit. I gave that shit to my brother. Gave him a hundred thousand. I'm saying it is a lot of what I'm saying, we splashed difference. We live from The SAUCE. WALKA first. Got it. Live from the sauce house. Hold on y'all, let's just get this dripping in 19, We showed y'all the drip. We showed y'all the, the whips, we showed y'all the studio Entrepreneurship. Talked About entrepreneurship, showed you his businesses, tire shops. I just wanna remind y'all man, he's independent, man.


Independent. If He could do it, don't lie to them. Y'all could do, you can't do it too. Right.