
Hey Million dollars worth. Of game listeners You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right?


What if the golf ball you're playing isn't the number one ball for you? Meet the all new TP five and TP five X from TaylorMade. Whether you prefer the softest five layer tour ball in the TP five or the fastest, that's now a half a club longer in TP five X, you'll be playing a golf ball that performs like it was built just for you. Available in white, yellow and picks. You can personalize it with my symbol no matter which you choose. Every TP five. TP five x is designed to help your game. Head to Taylormade golf.com today to find the number one ball for you.


Say hi to Can Social Tonics Can Social Tonics spikes their seltzer with weed. Each can is bundled with five simple clean ingredients to deliver the perfect buzz. And a buzz that doesn't backfire can comes in three award-winning flavors. Blood, orange, cardamom, lemon, lavender, and grapefruit. Rosemary can comes in a variety of doses for every drinker ranging from two milligrams to five milligrams of THC. Head to drink can.com. That's drink CAN n.com. And use code Barstool 20 for 20% off your order of can and a free roadie six pack sampler can is not for use or purchased by persons under the age of 21. Can products contain less than 0.3% Delta nine THC that is derived from hemp Do not claim to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and have not been evaluated or approved by the FDA.


A You see what's going on? We in Detroit, this is million dollars worth of gain. Listen, SKILLA BABY edition. We came to the block. The whole Detroit. Detroit Make some noise. Detroit. The community was lovely this morning. Detroit came out. It was a lot Of love. Oh yeah. I'm blessed. I got the OGs with me. I ain't You Know. we ain't tripping about nothing. He own this one, that one, That One. He is two. Them Two and that building.


Because I just feel like if I'm gonna take from my community, I got pour into it and I've been in kids' seats before. I always wanted a rapper or somebody I looked up to to come reach back and touch me or something like that and pour in the community that I was in. I'd probably be way better off. You see what's going on. We in Detroit, I'm known as Detroit Slim 'cause I be out here so much. I don't know why he out here with me. But you know this is million dollars. mworthofgame. Listen, SKILLA BABY edition. We came to the block. The whole Detroit. Detroit. Make some noise. Detroit Yo Listen. man listen, this we got baby money out. We got baby money out here. We went through the block. Listen, been showing love to him. Nothing since, you know forever.


But Detroit is active. It's going down. If you don't know, you gonna find the fuck out. That's all I'm gonna say. But listen, tonight is gonna be a movie. We just running around with him all day showing you a different edition. You know million dollars worth a game. Go to the hood. We don't sit in, we don't sit in rooms and just have mics. We go to the hood where a lot of y'all can't go. We gotta tap in with our people. Look around here. This is our family right here. This is our family. We going tap in with the soil. It's just like that million dollars worth a game. SKILLA, BABY tap in and it's just like that. Right.


Why Then my houses right there. Then my shit's right there. I own, I own this one, this one, that one and that building. He own this one, that one, That one. He is two. Them two. And that building Four houses on the block. Man, I'm working on this one right now. Damn. Okay. So this is your whole block then. Basically. Yeah, we rehabbing them right now. this shit was this bitch. All these was fucked up like that. Like I had to, I just got these bitch like a couple months ago too.


I'm about to start. They just gutted all you See they got the dumpsters right there. They getting busy right now. Yeah, They charged me about an hour for them. Whole ass dumpsters. Gutted everything out. Them bitch I'm about to start. They got put the porch up and then I'm gonna wait to do that one. 'cause that bitch terrible on the inside. That one terrible. That one right there. Yeah, That Don big over there. Yeah, I got that for 20,000. Yeah, the damn, they finna redo the hospital, made that bitch into a virtual hospital and shit. Yeah, Billion Dollars. They about to extend that bitch. Oh Yeah. So it's ready On, so all these going to go up in property. I go up in value. I got this for 20,000.


Probably could sell these bitches three, 400 when I get done with. And and they about to build the lighting facility right there, the practice facility. Oh, so you on point? Yeah. Oh this is cold. Oh that shit. Next time I have y'all see bitch, they gonna be crazy. They gonna be up. Yeah. Swear to God. That's what I'm talking about. Who, who gave you the game to get come grab some of this real estate? I always wanted to, I, when I, I told myself when I got some money I was gonna do something with my money. So I always just like, I ain't had no money but I was like, this what I'm gonna Do. I got money, you know like all the old dope men and shit, that's what they do. They buy houses. So that was the smarter shit for me to Do, I don't know nothing else.


Like I be like trying to book myself get black trucks and shit like that. Like trying to do fleets and shit like that. But that's like the smartest thing I knew I could do. Especially like saving my money 'cause I don't really need money 'cause I got coming in. So I ain't trying to like fix 'em up and sell 'em. I'm trying to fix 'em up, put people in 'em and just, you know. I know if I got like 40 houses by next year I get like 1500 out of them. I'd be, at least I can make at least 60,000 a month. 70,000 a month. So that's, I just be, I be trying to play it the smart way for real. Yeah. But these, my houses over here. I just wanted to show y'all this and I'm like one of the youngest black developers in Detroit.


That's what it's about. Man, you on point. They in there smoking that. Reggie, I don't even smoke. So if he smoking Reggie, that's, that's old Gilly Gill og. The fuck I ain't smoking no Reggie. I hope he ain't smoking no gang in Detroit. Man. If I, if I'm smoking Reggie in Detroit. That's on Trick. Trick. Now you gonna throw Trick. Trick under the bus. I ain't throwing Trick. Trick under the bus. You gonna put your OG under the bus. We Don't even play with the go squad man. No boys. No boys. The go squad. We don't even, we let Trick, trick be trick, trick Uncle. Trick gonna be up the trick. You feel me? I already said some whole bullshit on, on the Shade Room the other day about Eminem. We listen to Eminem.


We love M Yeah we Love M. Right. We love M Don't don't be mad at me while we can go now. Hey, what's going on there pal? We saw you at the hockey game market. Do I know you guys. I'm Ryan Whitney. I got a drink named after me. Not a big deal.


Pink. Whitney. That's what I thought. See you fellas. I invented the thing. You pigeoned Pink Whitney for legendary moments.


Where we at man? Where we at? Huh? Wait, wait, wait. Yeah the west side. Ready You go. Hey Gil. The west side man. The west side. West side. Hey so why'd you decide to cash me out today? You threw the tease off the love. I was just gonna give it to you for Free 'cause I support you man. You out here trying to do something so I would rather give you pay you than you gimme something for free because you put your time and your effort and your love into that. So you deserve for me to pay you net. I appreciate. Get a picture real quick. My fault og. What up? What up? Appreciate y'all.


I appreciate y'all, appreciate y'all. Oh yeah. Appreciate y'all. Appreciate y'all for pulling up bro. Nice to meet y'all. You too. Thank appreciate y'all. He Uncle Q got the food truck right there. I told him you might come get some food. I need him. Listen, he just assaulted me. He all right. What you mean? Yo, he just assaulted me over there. Do I'm taking your badge name. I gotta report both of y'all. Y'all not doing y'all job out here in Detroit. Y'all supposed be because they Ain't giving No Foodie. That's what I'm saying. She, she want a plate. We Every city we go to, he try to get me locked up. No, We want, I'm gonna make a, I'm gonna make a report on y'all. Take him down to because y'all not up.


Why she No I not You snitching. Hold, hold, hold, hold. Thank you. Hold, hold up. Cut. Thank you. Cut. You so crazy. I'm not snitching. I'm not snitching. I'm having an understanding. I'm just trying to give y'all some friends. I don't know it. That's what I'm saying. I don't even know it. That's my Little cousin. He always trying to get Me like, but I'm saying y'all need to be relocating real quick. What happened was he did 20 years in jail. When he say I need a little vacation, he Needed a vacation. I don't believe that. But listen, any day if you want to, you can cuff. That's what, no, you don't hug. No nigga did 20 years in jail. I take a picture. Come on. Come on. No, get out my picture man. Come on man. this shit ain't for you.


I won't vote for y'all. See but I wanna pitch it by myself. Okay. And take a picture by myself. Rob, I'm no, get him out my picture A fucking Nut. Get him out my picture. Come on, get this picture. Rob. Look at this. Living the life baby. All I'm gonna give with y'all, I'm gonna holler at y'all later. Let me, I mean hit the joint. Hit the line later man. Yeah, Yeah. So, so somebody watching is 15, 16, they don't know they way in life what they wanna do yet. If they broke, they struggling. What's some advice? Some advice is, is you, you gonna be all right because you still got time. Don't put no pressure on you based on yourself, based off what everybody else is doing on social media. You know, Like a lot of people wanna be like you right now at 20 they feel like they behind because they see Skiller. He may be younger, but you lit and you what, 30, 40, Whatever. Nah, I'm 45.


So You're 45. Did you ever see this coming when you was in jail? Like you were sitting down in Jail? Nah, nah. I had, I was getting my life together. I ain't see a lot of coming. I just, I came home and put it on the ground and just kept going. You know what I mean. I seen that video. You had a thousand dollars. You said I'm gonna turn this to a hundred thousand. Like that's when you go back. Do they give you chills looking at that? Like, like really? Like do that. How does that feel? You come out here, people love you. Like how does that really feel? Truly, It's a blessing man. You know I wouldn't be able to do any of This, this without guy. Yeah. And it was just, I was, I was, I was, I wanted it. I wanted it You know what I mean. Just hungry. Hey look, you gonna remember, remember my face game? Keep going hard baby. Remember my face? Alright, keep going hard. You find A rim. I'm gonna just say this too, right? Get in there with you. I'm gonna just say this too. I got a Baldy from a nigga in Detroit today. Right.


I, he cleaned my shit. Right. He did good. He gave me the Detroit Mustache. You look at his, look at his, look at this shit. Detroit gave me the Detroit mustache. That's how you gotta do it. He gave me a little ass shit. That's a Detroit mustache for your ass. Look at this shit. Hold on. I'm me. Go. Where's Some other niggas at? Look at this shit man. He gave me the Detroit Mustache.


Look at that. Look at that. You, you got the whispers Joy. Look at Detroit mustache. Look at the little thin joint. Look he gave Me the Detroit look at that shit man. Look at your joint. Thinner than a motherfucker. Look at his puppy. Look at his joint thin jacket. That shit, huh? I got a Detroit stash man. He gave me the Detroit joint Cheeto. You know who he cut my shit today man. Gave me the little stash. Man, look at my mini ain. Never had no stash like that. Look at this shit. You from Detroit? Yeah, he got the Detroit stash too.


Look, he gave me this low ass joint to Do. I Great. How you doing? Look at the, you got it. It crispy as hell. Hey. Huh? Look at low ass stash. He says you want me to shape that? I said man, go ahead and do it. See I cut my own shit. This is the first time a nigga cut my shit in 20 something years. Man, you get it cut here because I ain't have my clippers. Man, that shit started growing back here. That shit be inching and shit. Didn't get this shit off my face. Man. That nigga gave me the Detroit stash man. I called my wife. She started laughing like a motherfucker. Man. She seen me with that little ass stash. So we, Yeah, big motion. You know what you tell him?


Say I'm little but I got big motion You know what I mean. Yeah, yeah baby. I'm little but I got big motion. You hear me? Not little motion, big motion. Don't get it tangle. It twisted like an Annie Ann's pretzel. You hear me? Yeah. You like that? I saw you, you taking that game. I see you soaking it in. Yeah. That's why you soak that game in You. know what I mean. You know what you tell them. See it's three types of people. It's people from around the way. It's people that's in the way. And what else? It's people that make a way big motion. Yeah. You soaking enough? Yeah. Yeah. Now what You say I give you that? I'm gonna say inspire By guilty.


Yeah. Don't worry about it. He know he do millions. How old are you? Eight. Yeah, but see by the time he 11th then his, his vocabulary is upgraded. He talking talking like your, you hear me? Yeah, add that in. It is over. You hear me? Add that mouthpiece then you hear me all squeeze his fingers right here. Believe that you know he was allowed work with Diddy. Big motion. Hold on to that. Come on man. Hold this for me man. We gotta do a video man. Come on man. We gotta do a good morning video man. All right. Yeah, we gonna do a join. You gonna say good You know what I mean. You gonna say good morning. Good morning.


Right Hold. Come on. We gotta get this off man. Alright, you you, when we start you gonna say good morning. Good morning. And then you gonna get my word for the day. Good morning. Good morning. And when you wake up and I gonna be a good day. But every day it's a blessing. I get up and get some money and get y'all mind. Big motion. Big motion. That's what I'm talking about. N hey let me give you some of this paper, man. Hockey is on and no matter the city, no matter the team, no matter the game, whether it's face off or penalty shots, regular season or playoffs, win or lose no matter what happens, no matter where it happens.


New, Amsterdam, Vodka is there. I mean Now Jason Tatum is bad. Niggas can't wear shit now. Jason Tatum now is Celtics man and the Lions fan because they with it. You as Alright look, look. You think he could beat me in 1 0 1, be honest point. Huh? You think he could beat me at 1 0 1? I'm sorry. You think? Wait, you think he could beat me at 1 0 1? I ain't, he just Ah, don't delete it nigga.


Wait, wait, don't delete it now. Wait, you thought he was gonna say you and you got fucking fried? Hey fool, why he to me like that bro can't go lie to you. Look, look, look. This is one of my big ne guess. Guess what he gonna do to you? He gonna make love to you. Not no Diddy. He gonna be like, no fucking Diddy gonna do that motherfucker. You be like No, no Diddy. Oh say make love to man. Gonna say that shit. He Gonna love no, no fucking Diddy. No he not. No he is not. Oh. Better wet. Let him say some shit like that about you better speak at three point lines. You gonna make love to that nigga down. You gonna start Screaming.


You Gonna start screaming Og. You can't say no shit like that. og. Yeah OG. Clean that shit up. We on camera man. Because you gonna Be cram when you come Down here. Oh my God. Lord have mercy. I'm done. Big ears Lord. Oh my. Oh Lord. Lord have mercy. Fucking not on duty man. Three. Not the fuck On duty. You better Shoot a three. Not on duty. Take a Picture with the gun. Million dollar mworthofgame. Talk to me. We on million dollar mworthofgame. Yeah. Okay. That's what's up. Y'all in the hood with it. We always in the hood. Y'all in The with it's the interview right now. Yeah, if you want it to be I can Interview you.


Yeah. Okay. So how long you been doing podcasts? Five years. Five years. You like it? Love it, love It. Who's the most influential person you interviewed? Myself. Yourself. Who's your favorite person you interviewed? I don't know. We interviewed a lot of people. You know I got a lot of favorites. Got a lot of favorites. Yeah, but you had to pick one. I can't pick one. Can't pick one. Little dirt, young Thug, Floyd Mayweather, Mike Tyson, DeVito, Burna boy. Okay. Twosie. Okay. I Like that. Lotto everybody. Cardi B, sexy Ray, slow Rilla, All that.


Okay. I like that. I got a lot of favorites. I like that. Some niggas I ain't even mentioned now. Skilla Baby now SKILLA. BABY. Yeah. West side of Detroit. West side Of Detroit. Know what it's yeah. Three three West side of the D. Yeah me. You see what's going on. I just will to bike down the street bike boys Detroit.


This nigga could have never been our getaway driver. No. If we'd have been locked up, he was the getaway driver. Yeah. Battery. Yes. Suki. Yes sir. We here Detroit in the, you understand Detroit be brother? Yes sir. Baby Nigga. Massages in front of 15,000. Motherfucker tired of this shit. You niggas getting too much fucking money. Old nigga something man.


That Old. Hold up Rich.


Come on. Turn that shit up. I Shit. Alright. They turn it back on.


Nobody else. Shit. How Can I motivated


Introducing high noon's. All new vaca iced tea. It's time to finally ditch those sugary malt based teas and try high noon vodka iced tea made with real vodka, real iced tea. It's non-carbonated with no added sugar and 90 calories, high noon vodka iced tea is great for any occasion Under the sun comes in four delicious flavors. You gotta try original peach, lemon, and raspberry. Visit high noon spares.com to find a pack near you.


You gotta always realize tomorrow's gonna be better than yesterday. You See what I'm saying tomorrow better than yesterday. Yeah because you, you know you get caught up in the moment. Yeah. And you might feel like you at your lowest. Right. But you gotta reconnect with that energy when you got through that shit before and get through it again Straight up. I just think a lot of times people, you know it's easy to dwell. You got all these images that you looking at on soap on this. Yeah. It'll have you messed up sometime it'll finess you outta your blessings For sure. Because you'll be blessed. But you'll be overlooking you, you'll be looking over over your blessings looking at somebody else illusions. Yeah. And you'll be thinking damn I ain't doing enough. I just think you just gotta stay focused man. And just know that tomorrow, whatever you going through today, you gonna get through it and tomorrow's gonna be better. What up. I appreciate you always man. Love, love man.


Always Bro. Listen, I Ain't gonna say you hyping that shit up nigga bro. I'm old, I'm older nigga. You a young nigga. Tell me about no street potato pie. You a young nigga man. Uhoh. Uhoh. He about to wild Fuck. This shit better be what it supposed to be. Listen, see He talking crazy too spicy. Damn it look like it ain't even got no crust. Don't need Listen. You don't even need no shit. I don't say don't say It is a eyebrow for me.


Still digging. I want to hate but I can't. Oh Exactly. Thank you Listen. man we out here mad just had a crazy show. I'm talking about listen, skillet shut it down today. Yes. They shut him down. Yes. It was just crazy man. Listen man. How you feel man though? We had a good day outside of the show. Oh Yeah, I'm blessed. I got the OGs with me. I ain't You Know. we ain't tripping about nothing. The community was lovely this morning. Detroit came out. It was a lot of love. It just, it just, it was a whole family environment on the block man. How did you feel about that? Just coming and you bring some artists through. They was connecting with the people. How you feel about that? I'm just got glad I got to show y'all what Jack Harlow was talking about. You feel me? But why is this so important? You do gun buybacks, you always, with the kids, with the sports.


Why is this so important for you to do all that? Because I just feel like if I'm gonna take from my community, I got pour into it. Like, and I've been in kids seats before. I always wanted a rapper or somebody I looked up to to come reach back and touch me or something like that. That important in the community that I was in, I'd probably be way better off. Well let me say you this, I knew you was that nigga before I got here. But now seeing that shit in person, this the first time I actually got to see that shit in person. You really, that nigga like Appreciate you Audrey and you, that nigga and you accelerating your shit is going like this.


Like you just see every and you one of the most consistent. I see you in the car. You just pull that phone out and just pop your shit. How does it feel? I mean I, like I said, I just feel blessed. I remember like just dreaming about shit like that. Like I used to watch everybody around me turn up and stuff and I just used to be happy for them and you know, you be like, damn, I can't wait to have that type of, you feel me? And it don't be no envy or nothing. You just be like, you be motivated by everybody around me. Like everybody around me was turned, you know? And I just appreciate having my turn like, you know, and I just want to share my light with other people too.


You fresh off tour, I do it feel knowing you go city to city and sell out. Oh, city to city. I, I, 'cause you know like if we such in a streaming world right now, I get real love and real life. So like I'd rather pull up to my shows and they sold out than stream more than everybody and come outside and nobody like me. I, I just rather that like, I feel blessed. Like I get real love and real life. One, one thing I could say about me and wallow the, the love that we get a lot of the times is from the human connection that we make because people just feel like when they see is man, that's just Gillian wallow.


They, what they see is what they get. I feel like with a lot of artists it's not like that. But with Skiller it's, it's like what you see is what you get. He just a genuine good nigga. He crack jokes, he have fun, he, you feel what I'm saying? And he just a just, it ain't no facade to this shit. Hey PMT listeners, this is PFT here reminding you to pour the roar with proper number 12 Irish whiskey and proper Irish apple straight from the heart of Dublin's District 12 original. Proper number 12 is a rich and smooth blend of golden grain and single malt aged four years in bourbon barrels. Mix it up with some ginger ale for a classic and refreshing proper ginger.


If you're looking for something different, try proper Irish apple. A delicious blend of proper's award-winning Irish whiskey with crisp and fresh notes of Irish apple. Proper number 12 Irish whiskey and proper 12 Irish apple. Two refreshing ways to pour the roar. Anything else just wouldn't be proper. It's just like this is just me and either you gonna fuck with me or you you not. Where did you get that comfortability at to just be like that? I think, I think I just, you go through so much stuff like just y'all street, you street guys. So y'all know like you go through so much stuff and you trying to find yourself just growing up. I finally just, I went through so much stuff I just had to tell myself like, don't stress over nothing.


You can't control. I can't control if nobody like me. I can't control if you like me. I can't control if nothing like stuff like that. So I just be myself and if you like me, you like me. If you don't, you don't. And I'm unapologetically myself and I'm the type of people I like to be around. So I just like to patent myself after being like that. You Know? I see you loving the women heavy, you loving the women heavy, like, you know, w what what encourage that. What, what, you know what empower that to get women? So much love like 'cause You, Know. we live in a world where, you know, social media, you always see the battle of men and women and everybody, A lot of times women get tore down. What, what empower you to just love 'em so much through your lyrics? My daddy used to tell me like, you only got one mom and stuff like that.


Like my daddy was like that type of guy. Like, so I was raised by like a old school. My daddy was born in 1946. So like the values I, I stand on. A lot of people don't have those values but they come from young families and stuff like that. So I don't know. I just, I love my mama. I'm real, I'm real close to my mama and my sisters. I was raised around a lot of girls and then as a kid, like, I ain't gonna lie, as a kid, I had a problem with authority and like, like disrespecting. Like I was, I was a daddy's kid. Like I love my daddy. Not the most, but I, I was just like glue.


So I kind of neglected my mama in a way. Like from like from like till I was like eight or nine. Like I didn't wanna do what she said and stuff. And then out of nowhere like my dad died and I got closer and closer to my mama. I always was closer to her but I just, our relationship got better and I just, I matured and it just, it just come with maturity and stuff going through life. Like now my mama like we one that's one of the closest people to me. I only got like five people that's close to me. So it become harder for the ladies. 'cause now and all the ladies checking for you become harder 'cause you believe in love and all that stuff. So, so is it harder for you now to make your decision or to decide or to settle down or you just still like I'm chilling.


I mean I just go with the flow. Like whatever God want for me. Yeah. That's what I want for me. I ain't trying to force it. I ain't trying to do nothing. I love who I love and I love, love me. That's what Keeps you grounded. Love, answer. Yeah. That was a hell of answer. That was a nice, that was a nice one too. That was some real odd Detroit pimp shit. He Love, I love love me love. Yeah. Slide around this shit. Now what? Keep you grounded though man. We at, we just was at the BT basketball game slash me. I was where we game you dealing with the people, you with The fan. He got, let's put that out there. He got, they got cooked. Yeah. I thought he was gonna do more than what he said he was gonna do. 'cause he been, he been telling you some stuff for a while. Y'all went down 25. He was frustrated. Yeah, no, he, he said that he blamed it on me talking.


You did a bad coaching move. I got the first four, five points. Yeah, He did. He did. He I had like the first four, five points y'all took me Out ball. He said Tate pulled a a bad, we stayed taking them. Stayed there? Yeah, because Tate was in there with a wheat belt on under this jersey. Yeah, he threw All the shit. And LE Chopper went for about 40 before we even got got back here. He feed him because he was hot. He, He throwing passes like this Shit. He would a bitch like, man, why you let Tate tell why you let Tate stay in there? I said man, You know what I mean. Let him do his thing. But but you just so down to earth. How do you stay grounded man? The money here, the success here, the fame here. The attention here. How do you stay grounded? You stay? I'm blessed just to be here.


For real, for real To be honest. Like, you gotta think like this. I mean people I, I looked up to and was watching since I was a kid. Yay high. You gotta think like that. Like that. I mean these people are still a fan of them. So I'm still fanned out when I see him. I tell em I don't really care. Like I'm blessed. I'm, I could take care of my family. I get money consistently. I came from nothing. So when you come from nothing, everything is a plus. It's, it is. Nothing is a negative. Anything I have is a plus. I started with zero. You said earlier you taking care of a lot of people man. How does it feel to be responsible and keep delivering and seeing that your people that you love is in a better position because you out here putting it down?


How do that feel? It's a blessing. You get what you ask for. Like I asked to be somebody that people can depend on. I hated being, having to depend on people. I hated being in that position. I love the stress that come with everything that come with my life. You know, everything you do when you doing something positive, it come with negative and positive. So I, I love it. I don't get high. I don't drink. I like to go through all my emotions. I want to be happy, sad, mad, all that. Like I go from you see I go from irritated to back blessed with y'all happy to do this like one second.


I don't really, I don't really dwell on nothing. So. So what's next? I heard some new music. I was in the car with Juan. I heard some, I heard some stuff. So what's next? Oh, I got the deluxe coming out. I'm working with, I, I showed Gilly some stuff. Why? I don't even got, but I got some big features coming. Oh my goodness. Hey digger, listen to me. Yeah, You ain't tell me That worked. I'm glad you said Rob. What's Oh yes, he banged that shit. Oh my goodness. I ain't even get, and I just wanna say I want to, I want to personally thank you because that shit you sent New York, la Oh my god. I love my bitch. 'cause I love my bitch. I don't see nobody else 'cause my buffs got sent.


She told you she got on shit. What she tell you When I first verse ain Nick Go back. She said the back. What did you say? I gladly, I don't want nobody, I don't want to get nobody no verse that they don't like. And I I I was kind of iffy on the verse. I she like do this. I did it and she liked it. That's why I appreciate her for giving. She Thinking that she Oh that's alright. She be going in. I can't wait to shoot the video. Oh. It's going down. You Know what it is because I, I heard it the first version, I'm like, he doing something different. I'm like, you know you you, it might be different for him 'cause he, he, you know, she was like, but she listened to the nigga. She was like, no dad, he come way harder than this big dad.


I'm telling you. No, he, I'm, I'm gonna ask him 'cause I so I'm like that nigga sent that second verse. He took second verse. He double because she was all the way right. This nigga fuck that shit up. He said we in the club. this shit get drunk. this shit, you want me to leave my, tell my bitch you was talking that shit. That Gonna be so hard though. Yeah because I appreciate her. 'cause I ain't never did a beat like that. Yeah. And she put me on the temper joint. Yeah. You Feel me? That's Major. I should never even exposed That. Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna keep it all way real. I talked to Tim and his homie and they was like, we gotta shoot a video.


We gotta shoot a video. I said That video gotta be all the way right too. We Can't ask, oh we, we gonna make sure it's tight. Make sure it's tight. Give you this TV itself. You know that Philly hospitality leader? Absolutely.


As the official golf cart of the Barstool Classic Easy Go Golf carts are built to perform built to Outlast four and built for a smooth ride. Even in the deepest rough. Whether you're on the course or out on the town with Easy Go, it's good to go for a limited time request a quote with Code Barstool to get $1,000 off a new 2024 golf cart@easygo.com. One more time. That's $1,000 off with code barstool@easygo.com. When you request a quote.


Oh man, I remember I told you I ain't think Philly had good food and you brought that one lady. Yeah, Pretty girls cook. He was, he was talking crazy. He talking about, I ain't think nobody, nobody had no food. We brung pretty girls Cook. He was back there. He would, he wouldn't come from that back seat. I'm I'm gonna make sure she dress you up again. Let Me do a quick rap fire. You ready Jordan or LeBron? I'm gonna go Jordan. I like, I I what up in this cus this would be, I was with Game. I'm gonna go Jordan, but I like LeBron not more. I used to hate LeBron. This, this ain't one of 'em explaining jokes. This just, you just, okay, alright Hold on let me ask a question. Gilio and in La Chop Chopper Gilly. Ooh Chopper, Fug of future, Future.


I gotta go future Pluto. Isaiah Thomas car. Isaiah Zeke for sure. Damn A's going do that you Detroit that nigga I knew you was going Do that. And, and I'm gonna say just Isaiah got that dog in like he'll bite you. Like for real. He, he was doing whatever to win Barry Sanders and M Smith. Barry Sanders, I'm going home. Come on now. He did that with no lying. Come on man. You, you Gotta think that. I mean I would've said there, he said this too. He did that with no line Cole Pepper or Randy Mos. Randy Moss. I messed it up. Hold I that Cole Pepper quarterback though Randy. That's why I, I messed, messed up everybody. I meant to say. I meant to say see That's why you don't let this nigga do ran fly Jerry Rice's Motherfucker Randy Shit this shit.


But Jerry Rice caught bricks. Motherfucker say shit out nowhere Reggie White or Barry White. What the fuck you though Jerry? Hey Wao though. Jerry Rice caught Bricks. I've forgot Randy Morris and Jerry Rice Caught bricks Though. But you gotta think change The culture. You gotta, That's crazy. This Nigga said the quarterback in the wide receiver Joe Montana. Jay Rice? No I ain't say Joe Montana. I say cold pepper. I'm saying That's the same Cold pepper they was playing on the same team. Right. Or he catch it Once they playing on the Minnesota nigga. That's why this nigga hit. He Rather say he throw or he catch it. That's shit. That's Crazy. I don't Know man. That's alright. I was off that season.


Yeah but Listen man we was live from Detroit A beautiful day. The west side to be exact. Yeah I'ma, I'ma say this too. That fucking what's the name of that shit man Nigga took me to Coney Islands last night. That shit was good then he stopped at fucking Mickey D's Coney Island. I tipped you bitches in there. $200 for a plain fucking hamburger that was burnt. You said I to fucking hockey putt. You said Mickey D's was the best. Mickey DS one. Who we went To last night? Nikki Ds is the close. Mickey Ds Detroit one. Not even the best one. We supposed to take him to l Georgia's or Zbu. If you on the west side go to L Georgia if you on the east side go Tous.


He took you to the bad zone. He took me to the bad zone man. Like nah, he like We leaving at six in the morning. You think Detroit one? I my daddy stayed in that senior citizen building next door. I used to be over there. All they used to have chickens outside that bitch listen to, I swear to God you Still laid out that bitch you was a sad bitch. Sad I got caught caught in twenties in that bitch. I took this shit in that He wanted to burger bad shit. That nigga wanted to burger and some chili fries. Man. Man this shit counterfeit 20. I would, I used to go all around fake babies. Fake Babies. We used to call 'em good babies.


Them 20, them twenties was responsible for Christmas Getting them off For sure. 20 at a time. Weed. Man I got so many of y'all weed man with him Urban A thing. You know them niggas ain't have no marker. He go at Night they fool it without the money At nighttime. Oh. Wrinkle it up. He trying to get some smoke Dude. Devious ass nigga around burn the niggas. That's crazy man. Niggas is crazy About that week we ready to get up outta there. A Million, Dollaz Worth Game live from Detroit. Man. Kill a baby man. It was a great day in Detroit man. I love it man. You know the city love OG and them too. Wait, Hold on before we get outta here because your your, they just used to be Skiller.


See shit, I learned when I been Skills. What means you had the baby to it? I don't know. I just started rapping. It had to be fancy. Like I just thought it had to be fancy. My name was originally skills. If they would've left me in a game, I would've showed y'all why my name was Skills. You feel me? What game? That one game. But y'all kept taking me Off. Oh man, come on. You got in there, you had 20 minutes in the game. You supposed to scored, you scored five points By the time I got back in there we down 25. But what that gotta do with, we came back to 10. Remember Friday got us back to like 10 points. Friday. Friday was in his score. You remember he was in his score. He got us back to like 10 points. Y'all still took off on Us. You Got, you got basketball. A game of runs.


You got when you in the rhythm 20 points. When You in the rhythm you, you good once you just discouraged. Right. Fucked Up. man. I started game my first five points on, on Boom lay up. I think they've called you skills though. They probably called you no skills because that was, that was mid, that game wasn't, 'cause I, I, I got in there and did what I needed to do. What? Four thousands? What you mean? I You was Oh for four. You at four S Me and me and what's his name had the big play of the game. Me and Oh yeah, Lola. Lola. She slammed. It was over. Yeah. This another ass nigga. We was already down a lot though. I know. By the time we got back in it was a lot to a little Bit. L was Messed up win. That's us. Some niggas just didn't wanna make a play.


No, my My ACL was messed up. I Had to tell myself this just a Celebrity game. Yeah you start taking that shit person. He was mad as shit. He came back in the locker room. All crazy Shit. The tape was snapping over there man. Tape Wast like no We gotta get in the game. Mike, come on this leave. Leave Me in the game for five more minutes. Five more minutes. Just five more minutes. He told Kenya Can said all. He said keep this five in. We outta here You know what I mean. That's what it was about. Man. Got y'all niggas cooked. Yeah. Taking their fucking wheat belt on under his jersey. Oh. And he had knee pads on like, like Patrick Gil. Y'all was shooting the blood out the board though. Ain't gonna lie. Y'all Can shoot. That's what we do live from the Detroit. It's just like that. And it's just like that.


Right. Almost dropped it. Oh my God. Look at this cu this for y'all. Look at it. Look, look. She got the throwback picture on there. I'm sorry that happened. I hope y'all still love it. I'm sorry. No look, look she got the throwback picture of me and Gil this back in like 90. Oh yeah. I ain't even See the throwback. That's Lie. My husband did this. He a graphic designer. His name, he's a piece. He did this for y'all. Is it okay if I take this out real quick? Yeah, yeah. Come on and get a picture. Don't drop It. I'm not, I'm not. Nope. That's what I'm gonna do right here. I'm good. I swear I'm good. You relax. I'm good. So she knows she's doing No you go to No just in case the box falls we can lose the box. We can lose. No we gotta put it back in there to us.


No we don't move to leave the box can. No, we need the box back in the, if you go like that, we need that box. Can I stand in the middle of yard? Get this, get this man. Make sure this going. You know this going on the episode man. Detroit. Okay. Okay. You See. What's going on? She made this for me and Gil. You see the throwback picture? I got a Deion sand jersey on back in the day. Me and Gil. That's back when we was young. Bugs. Gil was a little drunk that time right there. He had like three forties. 'cause we was in the club that night. You know what I mean. He was in club dance. You see, look at this man bitches. Dang. Take that nigga down. Take him down. Fucking no. Cool. Not worrying about that. Take that nigga down. I'm tired. We reverse it.


I'm ready to go back man. I'm tired trying to go. Oh but you acting like you called me to John like you just raised me. Oh ahead come. Nah, calling the pastor. I enjoyed the concert but if you want Hold on. You nut ass nigga. What's up baby? What's going on baby? He's nut ass. Snick. Know man. She trying to You know what I me. Take me to the who? Cow. Who's your favorite rapper? Who? My favorite rapper? He, what's up y'all? You know what's going down. She trying to let five Oh a k. A five. Oh pretty five. Oh on the grand. Check it out. She trying to lock me up tonight. Take me back to the c Chubby You. know what I mean. That's what you trying to do. Y'all got cake y'all got come on, gimme get out and gimme a hug before I leave. Come on. You know I'm a sheriff too in Philly. We up. Y'all can't listen.


You know I'm a sheriff from Philly too. So when we go with all them police conferences they have in the country, we going to I'ma see you. Tap in. Tap in with me. All right y'all.