
Hey, Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right? Throw a


million dollars. Mworthofgame is both of you by JackPocket. America's number one lottery app. JackPocket let you order lottery tickets like Powerball Mega Millions, right on your smartphone. So you just whip your phone out right there. Powerball Mega Millions right in the palm of your hand. Download JackPocket. New customers get first power or mega million tickets for free. So if this your first time using JackPocket whip your phone out right now. What you got to lose? Hmm? Your first ticket is free. All you gotta do is use code GILLIE. That's code GILLIE only on JackPocket JackPocket GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska. 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2. Non withdrawable credit Prize amount may differ at time of drawing terms. JackPocket dot com slash toss slash free. Dash ticket dash promo slash


You're now tuned into million dollars worth of champions. Yes, that's what's going on. Super Bowl Champions. Eagles right here at the ball. Game ball Mean game ball interception on Patrick Mahomes, as you can see, has Kansas City chief on it. The eagles balls have eagles on it. The the Kansas City footballs have Kansas City on. So as you can see, this was the Kansas City football thrown by Patrick Mahomes. That was intercepted actual game ball intercepted to me. You know what I mean? And ain ain't put it down yet. How do you feel? Man? You know, you know, you know, going through the season, everybody has something to say about the s They try to discredit Jalen Hurst.


They try to discredit nasty Nick. You know what I mean? Why you call him nasty Nick? Because he got nasty. He just, they just got nasty last night. It wasn't no, it was just totally, it was just nasty. Just kept. Yeah. Come on Nick, you got nasty. Nick, you Filthy man. Put belt their ass. Yeah, he's, he, he's filthy nasty. Nick did his thing, but all year they had so much criticism about, they always try to say that there was a next level, you know, everybody had this, this arrogance with them, with their just confidence and Kansas City Chiefs and they kept saying, oh, we're gonna do this. And Patty, this, Patty, Patty, pat, y'all chatty patties. That's what y'all is, y'all chatty patties about Pat, where are you now?


Talk to them. Talk to them. Chatty pat Patties. See, this is the problem, right? If if it, if it don't look a certain way, then they discredit everything else that goes on. You know what I mean? Oh, he can't throw 80 yards in the air. Oh, this guy throws the perfect spiral. Oh, this guy does this, but this guy wins Break. Jalen, you're talking about Jalen. Yes, I'm talking about Jalen. So break Jalen break. Jalen hurts stats. Now, see Jalen Hurts has won the most games in the NFL since he's been a starter, I think other than maybe Patrick Mahomes. And they put all these guys in front of him.


Lamar Jackson, who was a great quarterback, Justin Herbert, Josh Allen, what's my guy from Cincinnati? Joe Burrow. Joe Burrow, you know, and a few other quarterbacks they put in front of him. Just think about this, Jayden Daniels been in the, been in the NFL for one year, a rookie year going into playing us in the playoffs. They said Jayden Daniels is the better quarterback. Think about that. So, so that kid, he just takes constant disrespect, but all he does is constantly win.


So that shows you how ignorant that mainstream media is. That shows you that these s are not operating off of facts. They operating off they heart and they letting they heart cloud their vision. Because the most important thing about playing this game right here is winning. That's it. I go, Fran Tarkenton ran around. Look like a magician. Did all this crazy back in the day. Didn't win nothing. It didn't matter. Philip Rivers threw for 44 miles, didn't win. It don't matter is about winning and losing.


That's it. Second place is the first loser. Ricky Bobby told you that. Alright, so now what they going to say now that he a Super Bowl champion? Wait, he's not just a Super Bowl champion. He a Super Bowl champion. That outplayed Patrick Mahomes, what they said he couldn't do you know why? Because Patrick Mahomes is this, Patrick Mahomes Is that Patrick Mahomes? Is this Patrick Mahomes that, you know, they forgot to tell you. Patrick Mahomes is human just like everybody else.


So what we do ruffle the feathers. Talk about That Philadelphia Eagles defense, right? Y Sweat was out there getting real nasty too, Right? Sweat was out there. Ah, ah, GILLIE Carter was out there. Ha ha ha. CD was out there. Cooper was out there, Quinan was out there, slay was out there. What y'all talking about, man, the bald eagle was out there, but they, they discredited our defense. They talked about Kansas City's defense who gave up 5.6 yards per carrying the playoffs. But you had all these analysts sitting around talking about how good Kansas City defensive with him. Yeah. What, what defense y'all talking about. I don't see the How do you feel about, do you feel as though it's a bias in traditional, in traditional sports media?


And that's why most people sway to independent media when it comes To sports. Well, I don't even gotta sit here and tell you if it's a bias or not. 'cause we interviewed a, a, a great, a great TV personality named Steven A. Smith. And he told told us on our platform it was bias. I said, the Cowboys ain't, why the, do y'all talk about the Cowboys all the time? And he said, the Cowboys bring ratings. You, that's, you don't think that's bias, that, oh, the Eagles could be 14 and three. The Cowboys could be, what are they, eight and nine, six and 11.


Mainstream media gonna talk about the Cowboys more than they talk about the team that's winning. So that let you know right there that is bias. And that let you know right there that a lot of mainstream media personalities don't have a clue. And they really shouldn't even be allowed to say that. They say. And what makes it even bad is that their apologies will never be as loud as the slander.


This episode with a million Hours Mworthofgame is brought to you by GAMETIME Playoffs are here. And there's no better time to get out to some games with the help of GAMETIME, the official ticket partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love GAMETIME now that they're brand new GAMETIME pick features. They're making it even easier to get to Game Gametime Pick filters out the fluff to show you incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of seats and, and tickets. You don't gotta waste no time. They, they like, they get the fluff straight out of there. Wait, I ain gonna show you this. We gonna show you the best available tick tickets, seats, prices and everything Gametime. What we talking about? You know what I mean? I just got some tickets for Gametime for the Super Bowl. Mm, super Bowl tickets. GAMETIME, show me the best, best prices. Woo Whip. Gimme those. So just pull up the any chosen event and turn on the, the Gametime picks setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime pick deals near you on Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? Go to Gametime right now. Get those tickets. Hear me. Gametime picks the best picks in the country. When you need some seats, take the guesswork outta buying tickets with GAMETIME. Download the Gametime app, create an account and use code dollars for 20% off your first purchase. Terms terms. Apply again, create an account and redeem code. Spell out D-O-L-L-A-Z for 20% off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime? Woo.


You never apologize as loud as you slander pack pack a week. Four. We needed a new coach. Now I think they, I think, I don't think Nicks can do it. Super Bowl champion. Now what you going to do? Turn into a Nick sir coaster. No, no, no, no, no. He don't need nobody. Hold his up. Now Stay on that side of the fence. Now being though, you're talking about coaches. We went to bars, stu we went to the bar at the frat house right? During Su before the Super Bowl, right? And just so happened you was on the stage with two, two legendary Coaches. John Gruman and Sean Payton and Sean Payton. And, and What did you tell them?


And I, I'm glad I got a chance to be on stage with, with John Gru and Sean Payden. Especially Sean Payden because I, all I proved was that he's a way better coach than he is as a media personality. He's way better probably at calling plays than he is at predicting what's going to happen. Because everybody's operating off a bias stand. Oh whole year. You seen we were the better team, right? We average more points than them. Our defense was better than theirs. Our offensive line is better than theirs.


Our defensive line is stronger than theirs. Our cornerbacks are better than theirs. Our wide receivers are better than theirs. Okay, you're a quarterback. Got our quarterback. But when our quarterback plead, you're a quarterback. He outplayed you quarterback. So why wouldn't we have a shot when we the better team? And the last time I checked, this is a team sport, right? Patrick Mahomes don't throw to himself and catch with himself. Everybody said at the NCA the Eagles is the better team. It's clearly the Eagles a better team. I'm picking Kansas City.


Let me ask you this idiot do idiot things. Don't they? Shout out to my gu to my brother Offset. You owe me 5,000 brother. Shout out to my other brother Desi Banks. I pitch you earlier in the season and you say, can I get my get back? And I said, you can absolutely get your get back. Owe me a thousand dollars, brother. Who else did I bet Desi Banks. Marsha Was talking Oh, oh, oh, oh.


Marsha Lynch. Marsha, we didn't bet no money, but you told me that Kansas City was going to win. What this is, this is a football that Patrick Mahomes threw in the Super Bowl. You know why I got it? 'cause the ain't winning. God gave you two ears in one mouth. So you can listen more than you talk. But you talk more than you listen. That's why you're hustling backwards. Mm. So how do you feel? You know, all year, all year you go through after the game, you have the, the most powerful celebration that the Eagles ever witnessed in the history of life.


After every game, before every game, cameo, after each, you know, game blow the whistle. What? What? Why did you create that? Because I knew great energy bring great results. And I understood that we had a great team this year. We had great coaches, we had great equipment people, great gm, great owner. And we had players that liked playing with each other. That was evident on the field because whoever got a turnover, whoever made a touchdown, whoever did something good, the whole team celebrated him. And when you got that type of camaraderie, then you know you got your destined to be great.


You know what I mean? It didn't seem like it was any jealousy on the team, any of that. We had players that with each other and wanted to win together. That's what it's about. And that's what it's about. So this is Million Mworthofgame. This is Super Bowl weekend. We going to let y'all see what we went through. Yes. How we got here. And we gonna take you on the journey. And it's just like that, right?


This episode of Million Hours Mworthofgame is brought to you by Man Doe. It's the new year. And there's one thing I will definitely bring in. 2025 Mando whole body deodorant. It's safe to use anywhere on your body. Pits, balls, thigh, folds, belly buttons, butt crack and feet. And a lot of y'all got some smelly needing rub a little bit on there, right? I'm just saying. MANDO was created by a doctor who saw firsthand how normal bio was being misdiag misdiagnosed and mistreated. Clinically proven to block odor all day in control. Odor up to 72 hours. And a lot of y'all don't like watching. So 72 hours, it'll work well on you. I'm just saying. 12 hours after you shower the average man Grundle odor level is five out of 10. Some of y'all seven outta 10. When MANDO, the average Grundle odor is zero out of 10. Yes. Choose a variety of fresh scent from bourbon, leather clover, wood Mount Fuji, or Pro Sport. Mando Starter Pack is perfect for New customers. It comes with a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant. Two free products of your choice, like mini body wash and deodorant wipes and free shipping as a special offer. For listeners New customers get $5 off a starter pack with an exclusive code that equates to 40% off your Starter Pack. Using Code MD WOG. That's MDWG at shop Mando dot com. Shop Mando dot com Get fresh, get that grundle order down. Right.


Okay. About no money, no myths. They not fixing. Let them all lose. Go. Why? You know they want the white girl to be on TV screen. No they they, she made it to the Super Bowl. That's good enough. No they want Motown her face on that, that TV screen. The more money they getting, you know that. Can I put something in your ear? Can I just put something in your They got y'all money though. They made all y'all come y'all money on hotel rooms bro. Can I put something in your ear right. Patrick Martins right. NFL has to admit that a nigga is the greatest quarterback of all time. They ain't doing that. Right. Tom Brady couldn't do it. I believe. Wait, hold on.


Get what he, hold on. Hold on. Joe Montana couldn't do it. You see how black daddy smoke black mouths after the Super Bowl? I don't want hear mix. They don't treat him like daddy smoke black and mouths after the bowl. They don't treat him like they don't like without getting none of the mysterious calls. Tomorrow it is not going down. Watch bro. We got the best defense in the league. Scoring yardage points, everything. We ain't shit out the tomorrow dog. Get up with chest. Get up with chest. You gonna need therapy. All y'all, y'all jump off the Super Bowl.


Do super tomorrow. Ke gonna retire. He gonna ate for the S over. Your defense gonna stop. You just made that story ass up. What he said as up win the Super Bowl. He gonna retire. Drop down on one knee. Ask Taylor we'll get m I Man. You like kids the city. I do. I just know they gonna win but they be a dynasty.


I tell you why man they gonna the only Ty, they got the white. Hold on, hold on, hold on. They said that about the Patriot right? 16 and oh nobody could beat went to the playoff. 17 and oh 18 and oh get the, listen they beat by one. Y'all gonna lose by one. I'm telling you it's gonna happen. Alright, give it alright. Three point spread. Just know about 1, 3, 2, 1. Yeah just know I'm going to come up on your Instagram and I'm gonna be in the locker holding the trophy.


Got a hot album but he ain't shit. I'm that on national TV holding the trophy. Remember this Imma say all say got a hot album but he he shit want gonna your car say that you ain't gonna post. You ain't gonna tomorrow night no tune shit like this. I see that same day. Watch. Watch. I don't think so bro. Same motherfucker at the end. We got real. Listen that defense be hot.


Yeah bro. Bro they said, they said that. Oh the rookie he's going do this. He going do. That's a rookie though. We talking about Patrick Mahome man. About Patrick Mahome ask do we have any Look Look man, look at, look at tv. Look at tv. What that say? He don't give a fuck about none of that. You why y'all man they gonna about do some flu. I gonna do some it work better when song. I'm gonna go up with your As too. Remember this too. I'm gonna go right up with you. I'm gonna just go up with the skull. I just know bro. Our energy too high man.


I be honest, I ain. Philadelphia team, anybody Kansas City team. It's about that old coach from Kansas City chief that got a hundred years of plays. Yo. Our old plays going fuck y'all up. I'm telling you that's it. Bottom line. Think about it. You every time, every time they beat the Super Bowl, every time they game they coach run them old ass plays. Lemme and what they do homie? Tell the truth. You gotta beat your coach. Lemme just y'all now can I tell him something He said they got the old, old plays. Hold on. He said they got the old coach with the old plays.


You got new plays man don't a but he I owe. Please kill you. Right. I say that y'all I owe Please kill you. Cool boy you a young, y'all lost my last few ball. You were a young right? How much y'all lost my last football A field goal. Listen you a young right? Listen. He said the young, he said the old, they got the old coach with the old plays right? You were young right? What's the one named Young? Don't give a about outta shaking. 20 years. Get the outta 20 years ago your hip is bad.


You knee up, your feet tend to go out on got the winner. Y'all had to call Ring. Y'all had to call for Qua. Y'all think Quan gonna be y'all? Lemme ask you a question. Lemme ask you a question. Andy Reed was the coach of the Eagles right? First. Right. You got chip of your team and nigga for 16 years for us been the one Super Bowl. This Sirianni been a two Super Bowls in three years. Who really? We gonna find out how many y'all to Super Bowl. How many y'all won? Wait, he just started coaching four years ago. I'm just saying in the fastest coach to reach two Super Bowls in the how times y'all line y'all how many times you the coach or coach?


He turned around said Mother, whatever, whatever. Keep you from having whatever keep you from having that. Oh Jojo, Jojo. We we go lucky my man ain got, I'm gonna watch shit tomorrow flying back. So lemme just tell you something. Do what you do, chip for your team and then bet on a low on the other team. Lemme just, I without nobody knowing. Let me introduce you to my 75-year-old neighbor to my studio house, bro. Man man lemme tell you something. Since he walked out the house with that broom, we ain't get the broom.


It's going with us. I'm gonna go, actually we ain going to see. Oh we ain't losing what y'all gonna do? Sweep up our Hold on y'all Hold up. Hold on That paper that they fly there with Can't see Thet. Hold on man. Listen man we ain't these folks trying to gett raised nigga. They got watch listen this man. Oh yeah, yeah. You see the color on there though? Y'all can't see colors on there? Don't take it down. You don't need that tomorrow. You gonna need that tomorrow People all that green shit out Broom sponsor.


This is the broom sponsor. This the don't. That's the game. That's band from Philadelphia. We gonna give you some bandaid you gotta take you stop record that Can't see I know. Got shot tape over his wounds. We ain't gonna beat you. We ain't gonna beat you.


This episode of me os Mworthofgame is brought to you by DRAFTKINGS. This ain't the little itty bitty teeny tiny bowl. No, no nah. Just the Super Bowl. Get in on the action at Draft King Sports book. An official sports book betting partner of the Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdowns is a key to hoisting Vince Lombardi trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draft King Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting something simple as a player. To score a six, go to DraftKings sports book app and make your pick DraftKings New customers bet $5. Just be $5 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 cents. Just that. And you get 200 a bonus bets instantly when you download the Sportsbook app and use Cole GILLIE. That's Cole GILLIE For New customers to get 200 and bonus bets instantly when you jet bet just five bucks. So what you waiting on? Get your phone out. Come on. I know you was on some of the other raggedy apps. No, no, no, no. Come on over to the Draft Kings. Come on. Come on. Come get this money. Come on. Have $5. Use the code and get 200 in bonus bets and bonus bets instantly. What we talking about? Download the Draft King Sports book app and use the code GILLIE the crown is yours. Wear it. Wear it well. Right GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio.


Fuck I'm talking about what we right in there? That that one right there. That's the one. That's it. That's the room right there. This is the room. It's all in the broom. It's all in the room. All in the broom. It's all in repeat. Let me just tell y'all one that y'all need to know. Right. The season don't matter. Y'all know since jail who's been in the NFL? There's only one quarterback that's won more games than, and guess how many games he won? More than him? One. Do you know who is the person that won more games? Okay then say that too. Say that. Say that too. Don't cut. Don't cut the line. Say that. Know what I mean? I that Man, that was a great question. Listen. Okay, so man I gotta reply to this.


I gotta reply to that. Okay cool. Played. He won most games. Many 18 defensive league. How many bowls this got the number one I'm gonna tell you they the, we got the number one defense scoring yardage and everything. Niggas ain't no don't mean nothing though bro. That do mean So what Kevin? The number one defense don't mean nothing ain. One bad game. One bad game. Give you a bad name. Listen, listen all well they can't have a bad game. All I'm saying though. Well they can have bad game but they still end up winning them. The one thing we know bad. Win some bullshit. Listen, the one thing we know is they can't even blow us out.


Ain't blew no body out. I ain trying to blow y'all out. M I listening. Question nigga. Listen. Old nigga who were the only quarterback in the league that beat Patrick Moons lost Jackson in the Super Bowl. Josh Allen, Justin Herb. You wanna name some more niggas? He getting the outta there. Now lemme give you the bad news. Every quarterback came from Alabama been hurt. Alabama. Alabama. Alabama. Your quarterback fucked up. Hurt yourself.


He didn't come from Alabama, he came from Oklahoma. Nigga her came from Oklahoma. He was to Alabama first and then he went to Oklahoma because he came from Oklahoma. He was hurt because the mother brother took Don Rag Tuck his job and guess what? Wrong quarterback both all them and ain't winning. So say wrong. Say yeah how you give a my job and then we go to league. You keep getting broke up hit and I'm in the Super Bowl area of year. Hear Nick Saban. That's why he battalion watch this. She's our fucked up and we got the best camp. Secret broom man. Who?


What's that? Deandre Haw. Oh ain't nobody talking about him. Look at, look at Broom man. He know what the problem is sa. That is a problem. Yes or no? Just to be honest. Yes or no? Is it a problem? You know what my problem is? What? Andy Reed man. DAA Deandre Hogar. Andy Reid scare his mama gonna see tomorrow Bowl win the first Super Bowl. He was a bad man. Texas. This ain't Texas man. I'm telling you. This ain't Texas man. He finna kill it. This ain't Texas. You know what the speed is to work on a four one out. I raced him. Erased him. Yeah.


Beat pull me. You think you four he was playing with you. 4, 7, 5. He was playing with you. He was playing with you. I know you to show you now he you Man you can't that nigga, he didn't catch me. Aw man, that man was I always for the cops. Who was that? Who was that? Who was that? Who was that running? Who was that? Who is that? Killed the out. Watch this. Hold on, watch this. I can play with you. Hold on. No, hold on. Look. Still running. Watch this. Watch this. Y'all. Y'all ain ain't running. Watch this. That's not running your leg bro.


I said I'm pulling for the cops my whole life. You talking about he gave me a 10 yard head start and said he going to catch me please. He didn't even gain no yardage. He didn't even gain no yardage. He was at the practice 47 when I raced down. Watch your corner back when he served. When he passed by the head. Listen, listen I did that same thing with tore kill pass man 22 yards. You talking about he real chee. He a real cheat.


He tell me he run a full what? Hey he heard run a full one. Hey he heard now he mad he missing out on these Super Bowl. Listen man, listen Yeah I'm gonna call you in third quarter with five minutes left. Call be interested man. I'm just see what's going on with you anyways. I'm be in the game losing mother motherfucker mind 50 50 yard lot Road two right behind the oh you coach that motherfucker coach mouth tomorrow. Don't be surprised nigga don't be coaching. Yeah you coaching the he gonna be coaching. He'll be all suited up.


I the playoffs. That's why they win. It aint right because I get in there, I talk that every route the same routine coach come out love you coach too. Right. That's why they lost. That's cool. I cried play up too. I cried. I like that fuck up too. I like that. Up tomorrow. No future. I ain lie the future talk all when y'all need. See. So lemme ask you this. We in New Orleans right? Super Bowl in New Orleans. Let's keep it real. This nigga will not Super Bowl in New Orleans. So if we, if y'all lose, are y'all gonna blame it on the V? No see you that, listen I'm asking.


I'm just asking because y'all blame it on the rap last game. Y'all gonna blame it on the what gonna happen Mark. Y'all got theses man what gonna I ain man I can't talk about man you talking about I don't talk about Dick man. Keep talking about listen man where I'm from we don't socialize with man. We don't don't listen man. Man you keep talking about y'all gonna blame it on S listen man I'm trying to tell you how it's going to go man. All you gotta do, we gotta bet right? Yeah. What, how much you have to get out there? What we doing Nick? You already see what you see? Yeah.


What? Say you already see what you see. Ooh. Whatever you laughing make you. Lemme know what it is now so I know. Okay you, you gonna me, I'm gonna call, I'm gonna go live and I'm gonna ask you in. I ain pick it up. I'm gonna you in. I live it right here. Where? Right now We gonna find that too. Wait, you ain't going to find me? Yeah. Okay if I lose, I'm not doing no running. You anybody that in the car You ain't gotta call me two days later.


None. Listen, listen, listen. All I'm saying is I'm gonna call you when it's 30 seconds in the game though. Hey see where at? I got this money for you. I'm be like I'm in section. I look at one wrote two man with the eagles green on the five. Man ain ain't gonna have this on. Yeah. Nasty red shit on. And your watch ain't even going go with it now. Now, now gonna see you gonna switch the band up or you gonna put a different watch on? We going see you ain't win that. Wait, see? Alright you rocking Jackson Red on it. Get you dog. You Michael Jackson.


Just make sure you put me on the phone with that when I call. Have that pick up. What's up dog? Yeah nigga I don't hear none of that man bird man none of that Don't have wrong with your wings tomorrow. No. Is he Nigga I want you to fly your short hair Right on. You know how they released the bird? That's him. Yeah the bird. He come on y'all fucking dick. So what it do when you lose, you can come back in that cage don't it?


I'm not losing. I'm saying when you lose it come back in that bro. Send me the video when it's coming back in that cage. I knew the temperature of the team bro. They wasn't gonna come in that cage. Lemme you put back in. Everybody's invest. Lemme tell you something everybody if they had anything man listen these finna win by one. Y'all ain't got no team player. They gonna win by lemme just tell you something. I'm so confident bro. And if you doubt me I will show you my pick in my draftings at. I took the Eagles minus four and a half nigga 'cause I don't even think it's gonna be close. Think about that.


I didn't take the Eagles plus one and a half. I took the evils minus four and a half because we don't play no games. We got the best defensive line, we got the best linebacker and we got the best quarterbacks money can buy. What you think Kansas City man got Jalen Carter nigga got defense bro. What that big do? What that big we do? He another rookie cornerback man.


Cooper. Hey man talk you and quarterback. Hey matter of fact we got two Africans on the team. They going to Kelsey all game. Remember I told you more about this. She ain't been doing none the whole time. They going to him whole game.


This episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by New Amsterdam Vodka now life ain't going your way. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your wife cheating today. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. Oh the Eagles beat the commanders today. Shout a New Amsterdam. Vodka is the official vodka of bars through sports though. It's distilled five times. It's filtered three times for a clean crisp finish. You could drink it straight up. You could drink it on the rocks juice soda or you can make it classic new Amsterdam Mule. But when you out and about at your local liquor store, you know what you do, you get you some New Amsterdam Vodka. You hear me and you take it to the crib. Shout out to my wife. They be cocktailing it up at the house doing they thing. I call it the new Amsterdam queen dude. Dude, what's up baby? But shout out. Shout out to New Amsterdam Vodka, the official vodka bar Stew Sports and simply the best vodka on the market.


Right Y'all they just keep thinking the 37-year-old are gonna beat us. Huh? Gonna run crazy. He got young boys bro. Cooper lock that up. Let's go. Just like he did Cooper Cup. Oh Cooper Cup 10 catches. 10 catches. He catches 11 catches Cooper Deje on him. One catch. Oh Terry McCullen he run around through all the Quin. Welcome to Quin Bay Lock you up Quin Bay. You doing nothing? Oh the last receivers for the Rams. We played them. Oh ua. Your Dookie UA against us locked down them boot locked.


Talking about the Ram boot Mac second we got the real receiver. AJ Brown, Devonte Smith. Y'all got secondhand receivers going up against Stop Notch cornerbacks. You think I'm worried not. I'm not around on Ass Man turn around that broom and short man. What the, what the African gonna do to y'all tomorrow? Who the is the actually our defensive lineman. He going look you don't even know that. Don't gotta know that long. I can't pronounce it. Ain ain't gonna lie to you but he gonna bust your as. Ain't no short man real man.


What gonna happen nigga? Nigga? Technically all of us is African. African. Exactly. He said what The African know his name. Oh shit he good. We know all our Norman Smith. You live a lot. Brandon, Brandon Graham, Jaylen Carter. We know all our names. We ain't playing no games out here dog. We going these boys over dog. He know's why he got on green today. I know. Come over here subconsciously telling that we had God talking to these bus driver clothes. This God telling you if you going be this where you go at Cap.


Alright Cap man. Alright. I'm just telling you what God's telling you man. Yeah, don't, don't be no arguing with God. Ain ain't Listen ain ain't I gotta put some mojo on this Ain ain't getting one thing. I know Kansas City chief is like the Golden State Warriors. They you don't know what gonna happen with them. Lemme ask you a question. Anybody allowed to up, lemme ask you a question. You said the Kansas, the City Chiefs is like the Golden State Warrior, right? Many anybody allowed to crank up Warriors winning in a row two. Okay. They are like the Golden State Warrior winner. They just like the how many Philly want in the row because they going how many Philly in a row They going down the road.


Zero. They going down to The


This episode of Me Hours. Mworthofgame is brought to you by Planet Fitness Start the year off. Planet Fitness offers high value members that support any fitness journey. A judge-free environment where you're free to get a judge-free environment where you're free to get strong your way on your time. Feel the strongest best self with best in class equipment for a full workout. From strength training to cardio, to stretching brand new loaded machines like high squat and subpoena benches. Planet Fitness has the same high quality best in class equipment as others more expensive gyms. Planet Fitness has the same High Planet Fitness has the same high quality best in class equipment as other more expensive gyms. Their class membership is just $15 a month. So you know anytime you want to go to get some good work Judge free environment, very affordable, why would you go anywhere else but Planet Fitness? Huh? The hours amenity and offers vary by club. Check out Planet Fitness dot com. Stop by your local club For more information. Must be 18 to enroll or 13 to 17 With parent With Parent or 13 to 17 with Parent or Guardian Planet Fitness. Get strong, get in shape, get healthy, make your body look right. Planet Fitness.


Right. Yay. Okay. Yay. Okay. Million Dollaz Worth Game. Hold up Tank.


What you gotta say? What you gotta say to me about today? You know what, it's going be a make 'em say Super Bowl. That's the only thing I'm gonna say. Wait, wait, I got one thing to say. Yeah, I never seen this one. You never, I never seen that before. I don't know what that's called. Philly Out here in the building. Yo. Phil Philly in the building man. I'm telling you right now. Yes. Yo love out here about love. Yes sir. Hey Masterpiece. He just told me I need you.


He he hater bro. I thought I was getting up there with you. We going with the Eagles. Come on. You want you playing? Yeah, I got Tim. Tim let's go. Let's go everybody together. Got you.


Go it let's, these are my guys. Right. And they built their own format podcast. One of the popular what with him? I mean he crying on the internet. He's crying. He's sweating. Play I but Guy. Yes. This is his guy. Oh wow. This his call. Yes.


Yeah, I know. You gotta get outta here too. I know. I gotta go on the air. We do a radio doing do his job. This is my man no sample. Yeah, I know we don't. Hey see us. How long is the how, how long y'all gonna be there? We're on from mid Hit.


Oh no I couldn't say you nigga. I ain got nigga Scoop me. Fuck I got me and you talking football shot shit nigga that three point stand. Damn. I got one Mike. I got one Mike, he had you in the air because I was, I got one. I was ready to run Mike. I got one. Niggas ready run you. Yeah.


Y'all go find some of can't wait. How you doing? How you been man? The homie bad man. Our defense. I mean, but look, see what they, they don't give the Chief's defense enough credit either though. Yeah, well I knew during the playoffs Chief Defense giving up 5.6 yards of work. They don't give up Super Bowl. What I'm saying, what I'm saying is defense like the same team.


That's, that's it. See I want to, I want to see, I want to see with that. But nigga I want to see a three back to back that looked like that was cut coming back. The calling me calling it might have been him.


He that's him. Yo here was sniff.


Look at this little, this nigga. This nigga. That would be me. You get that? Huh? Get Hell no. That fuck generation. What time is it nigga? Get that mother s it is not a 15.


What's the speed Limit baby?


Oh hell, we All outside. Ain't no, ain't ain't got no sense. Hey look at that right here. This episode, a million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by Roman Sparks do action prescription treatment that give men strong and harder. Erections Sparks is not no average pill. They dissolve under your tongue and work in less than 15 minutes. So you're like this dissolvable hit the bloodstream faster than the old school pills. So why wouldn't you use Rose Sparks? One thing about Rose Sparks, it's gonna have you like this Faster than you ever been. And one thing about Rose Spark is active in your system for 36 hours. So at any minute if you want to be the strongest man alive you can be 'cause you're gonna be like this. Ah, you don't have to stay hard the whole time. But when you're ready he's ready. Well Rose Sparks, you guys will move confident in the bedroom, you'll be the magic man. Chuy, Duby Rose Sparks. What are you waiting for? Get yours. I been had Mines row Connects guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online so you don't have to waste time in waiting rooms. If approved treatment will be shipped directly to your door. If prescribes new will health patients $15 off on a recurring plan, connect with a provider@ro.com slash MD Wog, that's ro.com MD WOG $15 off your first.


They as shit. They got no energy. They try. We got all the energy. Great energy brings great results. Y'all ready for this Super Bowl away? I can't y'all this bowl away. We Broad Street and we all, I need them all the way to don't.


But I do A four World champion, two division by the name of Stephen Cool fo a four four time world champion, two late division. Know how great. And he come right out of the bottom west Philly and look how shy is world champion.


And he, I met him when he was 16 years old and I texted him before his last world title fight. That was a couple weeks ago. And I said, when I met you in the studio, you're 16 years old and you said, you know Rash Real. That's right. 14 years later, alive shot two other people out.


The most famous 75-year-old man that you would ever know Bowl Philadelphia to make 7, 6, 4, 3, 2.


Whoa.


Hey Philly. Yeah. Get the camera man back. Get the camera man. Hey, this is why Gave is so because partnership. Look at my guy. He said him real quick. How we get it done? This is his name's on Marque right now.


I What's up John?


Good.


I knew you was gonna be somewhere CT this last one. We're going this way.


They gonna say now with the people. Yeah. Hold up. That's right.