
Hey, Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music


right this episode of million dollars. Mworthofgame is both of you by JackPocket. America's number one lottery app JackPocket lets you order lottery tickets like Powerball Mega Millions, right on your smartphone. So you just whip your phone out right there. Powerball Mega Millions right in the palm of your hand. Download JackPocket. New customers get first power or mega million tickets for free. So if this your first time using JackPocket, whip your phone out right now. What you got to lose? Hmm? Your first ticket is free. All you gotta do is use code GILLIE. That's code GILLIE only on jackpot Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska. 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2. Non withdrawable credit Prize amount may differ at time of drawing terms. JackPocket dot com slash toss slash free dash ticket dash promo slash


Hold. Hold. Hold up, hold up fit. Hold up Boo boo. Hey come on man. Y'all boo boo. I ain't, that's an intro boo boo. I'm gonna say this. Boo boo boo boo. Damn I'm I'm we gonna get this boo boo 50 know me and you got, we gotta talk too about it when we was down to join. You know that's off the record. I don't wanna put my business on but I'm gonna just say this. You had the best verse on there boo boo. He had the best verse putting it out there. Fuck that. That verse was like, that verse was just like that verse was legendary. Man, yo, you gonna pass that GILLIE Wonka or what? GILLIE? No, he one of the boys that I Don really smoke niggas. He Drinkcan the 40, he Drinkcan the 40 to the su. I don where you Niggas be eating ass And all. He Drinkcan the forties to the self.


I get that motherfucker back up like this. That Shit murder. You know what that means? Nah, Nah, I don't do that shit ain. Somebody roll him up some GILLIE Wonka for me. Hollywood roll me up some GILLIE Wonka man. So listen, roll up some Wonka man. I Ain't gonna front man like it's a lot of different groups that came out. I was like a major member. The found a million of a G unit prison. We was in a prison yard. I started G Unit in prison and we was just holding it down, playing the music loud in the yard and shit. And the cell blocks. They Said you was 50 bench. What The Fuck outta here man? Be over 50 times the Fuck outta the fuck outta here. Come on. Fuck outta here man. Nigga told me he was GU prison 50 Ben Telling you man, shit, find out Wallo fuck wrong with it.


That nigga lying on me man. Disrespecting boo Boo like that nigga. No, you know what's crazy. Wasn't no fucking G Unit prison. I'm gonna say this man. So shout out to, first of all, shout out to G Unit man. It's crazy that you know they came and just took the world that had shit on fire and it's like in this game it's so hard to come in. It was just a few brothers putting it together and it went around the world I'm talking about and it was the business side of it fitting with the trademarks, getting everything done. What y'all just had so many different, y'all was in so many different countries just running around putting the bag together and now you see the tour. The tour went crazy. It Was crazy. How many cities? 103 dates. We did a lot in the state. We did half in the state and Half overseas.


Overseas. That's crazy. That's, it's just crazy man. Like and then then you know what's the name know how to stay y'all. Y'all staying there? Yeah, we stay Blessed man. Y'all stay blessed. Y'all always doing some shit. Yeah, Sheree's Port. That was crazy. I think I'm pronouncing it right. That shit was, I told 50 I got Rich off Get Rich die Trying 20 years later. Yeah, Running around doing Listen that's crazy. You got a lot of hold up. Y'all should see him. He had like 15 bodyguards. A lot of lot of people looking for him about the rap. He Like 50 bodyguards out there. He can't go nowhere. He can't go nowhere. Yo. Yo. How many dudes? How many Dude securities for him? How Many dudes in dmd you Or said something like damn man that's crazy you gonna throw me in that joint.


Like Only a few. Only a few. That's Crazy though. You be barber you But Jermaine Dupre ran Down on JJ Jermaine Jermaine the pre my nigga man. The, He said Real gangster bro. Yo Jermaine, no people man pulled Away with where he ran down on. He Said J That's my man, that's my man. But he ran down So tell Tell him don't do the rap. I be like yo, maybe you should chill because you know we running around, you know? And then, and then hold Was y'all in Atlanta or New York? Where was that? We supposed to name, we Was like a festival but he like yo Keep my Name out the wrap Up. The man Dupre asked, he said he, he said you know what, when I make the wrap up I know I'm doing something right for the year. So he know he alright Because you understand Atlanta that Ain't the fucking that But sometimes that's not true.


Oh Fuck you. It's not always true. Did he wanna do something right for the year you threw him in? I'm gonna say this though Nigga Geo Right now man fuck you bitch. I'm gonna say this though, Ain't lying. And, and we talked about this 'cause And I'm not listen and I'm not saying he guilty or not guilty. All I'm just saying is a nigga sitting in prison. Yeah. So like Did he do it? Did he did? He did Did You? Ain't shit man. I'm gonna say this Though. Damn. I'm gonna say this though. At the end of the day, Damn, I'm glad you didn't run into Jermaine and Atlanta 'cause Atlanta is a little dangerous than New York. You Acting a little crazy out there. Atlanta is Dangerous. Atlanta is more dangerous than New York. I Don't think so. What? I think it's everywhere is dangerous. I think LA is dangerous. I think New York is dangerous bro. Bro, I think Phil Dangerous bro.


Don't even, I Don, I don't put a label on nowhere way. I think Baltimore is dangerous. I think Canada's dangerous. I think Africa is dangerous. See what they Canada I think Jamaica's dangerous. But What I'm saying is I think you know what I'm saying. Atlanta, listen, the only thing is about this, listen, Elena got big choppers And all, Not just that there's certain cities around the country right, that they freely allow you to run around with a, with a, with a gun on you. And if you get locked up, you're gonna get right out. Right. If you get locked up in New York City with a gun, you gonna get the death penalty. But You know what, in New York, no you gonna get, you're gonna get three years and niggas rather take that risk You going is it a mandatory three years just I'm just keeping it real. Oh you mean man, okay so they got mandatory. You saying that's why by Get some mandatory C back.


See like when I got locked up with the, I got on caught with a P 89 Ruger with the beam. Right. What type of BB gun style was this? What a P 89? You can't fuck with BB gun style. Can I never had, I never had, We went straight to hammers but Nigga back a nigga back Gil that with a BB gun before. If he did, that's crazy bro. Backed him down. Now Look I got caught. No not glorified. I got caught P 89 Ruger. Right because after 50 got popped he came back to the hood and niggas just kind of got on some gun shit. 'cause of him before that niggas were just hustling niggas had they pistol but shit should have dust bunnies on them.


But there's no reason to come to the block with it. No cap. I'm chilling. I don't need it. Yeah, but when after fifth got popped he was on some yo yo if you ain't got it, you know you can get killed around me. So he just keep it totally real With you. Damn. He told you that? Yeah, I'd have been like, listen fit, listen my nigga, I'm gonna see you in the next lifetime baby I'm out man. Like fit. I ain't going, I ain't gonna hold you like like because listen Fifth people niggas Like I know but see I would immediately, I I there was a lot of, know what I'm saying? Real. I know but see I wouldn't have made it to G unit. I'm gonna tell you why. 'cause I'd have been like listen fib you my homie, but we different types of homies like you know you come over my mom crib, you need something to eat or something like that.


But we ain't gotta be together every day. We ain't gotta be together no more man. It's, I'm saying I gotta carry each but you Gotta but you, you wasn't getting in the car with a nigga. Basically You Trying say bitch you gotta look at it like this. Right. You wasn't try to get in the car with nigga No friends, you know what I mean? Dudes run away. Think About it. A lot of niggas died 'cause of what? 'cause they stayed where in the hood, right? Yeah. So when I came outta jail, what did 50 do yo get 'em apartment in Battery Park. I ain't sell a record to do nothing yet. Where the fuck is Battery Park at? That's right there by the statue of Liberty. The city. Oh you was living 50 laid you up. He was chilling. Good life right there Be Like I would've stayed around. I got too much beef pre all these niggas move him to Battery Park.


He can't go back to his mom's crib. They going to kill him over there straight to Battery Park. Shit like that. It's a difference. Like that's love. Jay-Z never really like All right Miff bleak you will say is his friend but it was different for us. I think me and 50 was more friends than, damn Why taking You Don do that? Bleach going good. Don't do that. Saying he not nigga Pockets all the motherfuckers That's my band. No I'm just sitting See my band but like Nah because nigga Like I trying to blow.


It ain't like that Yo yo nigga to the back of AAR down the street. Always somebody off Tell you skin his skin off his body and this. He like that. No, I'm not saying that the niggas wasn't friends, but I'm saying when you look at me and Fifth like All right cool. Jay and Bleak sell. Did they sell drugs like in the same area? Like was they around? I don't know if they really Yeah I seen Like I was on a block with a nigga like but this was out. You can't use that as No listen what I'm saying is it was more, I feel like I'm not, I could compare it to Jay 'cause niggas will say you know Jay and Ble.


But I'm saying to you, I feel like me and Fifth had more of a friendship because Jay-Z was more business like look at Murder. He didn't make no money with Jay-Z. Once he got down with 50, he made some bread. Murder was with Jay. I ain't know you was with Ho Jay cool. But I Ain't Don't compare to no Jay. Throw that one more time. Ain't Aint no chain change. Fuck outta he more chain. Fuck outta Jay. Jay. See that was the thing about fifth. Fifth was a cool ass nigga. Like he didn't treat me gang, he didn't treat us like artists but he treat us like friends.


Like even niggas that violated be like, well y'all got 50 fifty's always gonna help you out. And it was true. But friendship, look I remember, look I'm gonna give you a story one day rest in peace to her Bain from Interscope, he's in there, young guns in there and I'm in there young guns Philly and and he was like, and he's representing both of us and he's like, Chaz's not gonna do nothing for them but you, you got 50. So it was, it was the difference like a nigga get fucked up. Niggas just making money. You make a quarter million start spending that money before you pay the taxes. He like here I got you. I don't see Jake doing that for bleak. But that don't mean nothing. I don't see what the fuck you mean that though mean because Listen, lemme just say something to you.


People understand don't nothing. Do you know how many times do you know how many times? I'm just saying if nigga don't have to do that because it's a label see's the difference between, listen, let me finish talking. There's a difference between a label and a friendship. You understand what I'm saying? Fifth was niggas friends to where it was a point where he is like, yo, I can't do this no more. And I understood But 50 done that. And let me just say this. Alright, I seen Jay help other niggas but, But that ain't the point when I'm trying to get to you is that it's different levels of friendships and brotherhood. Do you know how many times this shit got real and I ran on this nigga? But we still love each other. That don't justify that Don't justify listen. That don't justify that don't justify hold. And it was one time, Hey Gil, he still your friend.


Listen listen that's my cousin but one time and I and I and we talked it up, it was a So you ran on No it was a runback. 'cause he ran on me one time. He ran on me one time. I don Think murder would be my friend. Who fucking ran. You ran When Puerto Rican? Oscar pulled that motherfucking piece out. Nigga you got the Fuck outta there. Listen you fucking, I Stood, I held the fuck down. I stood there held to do that. To hold the Deal. You was bitching for your life. That's a form of negotiation. Bitching is a form of negotiation. You can't, you Can't use that ass. That's a form of I just was telling you, me And a nigga having words and aint. And He come up out that drink whip. So the n nigga, you know the, you know the roots. We old school niggas first nigga on the drill lay the law. He break. I got the fuck out This.


I'm standing there holding the block down now. But why you ain't run Too? Because I'm like ho Oscar, I ain't had nothing to do with that shit. That's y'all. Y'all arguing. Oh Yeah. I was smart though. Oscar and Oscar. He like cool poppy. I said All right, bet I ain't fucking running. And I held it down and his, he broke. I'm like, this nigga's a bitch. He beat me to it. We was going back and fuck you nigga. You'll do what nigga? Oh shit. Oh he got the drop. Okay. No, because he, listen, listen. And I told him I said Oscar, he was wrong man. He sent the shit that shit to you because he was talking some gangster shit and he already know dude be hammering a piece on him. Listen, Listen Wanna be Listen when I got away right, first thing I'm start damn, I wonder what happens.


My, I'm thinking they might have pistol whipped him or whatever. No They ain't going. I ain't going out like that. Soon as we get together they, man, he dis bunch today bitchy back there. Nah, He was Negotiating. That nigga did some legendary bitching. Man. I don know why my cousin talked to. He like that mad. I ain't mad at that. Oh he, I don't know why my cousin talk. He the fuck outta pocket Puerto when I see that nigga deal. Yeah. Yeah. He would've shot Nigga and be back in pr. Yeah, that night we From New York, we got nothing but Puerto Rican and Dominican. Yeah, they not playing no games. Badlands. So, so my whole thing is like, it's different levels of friendships man. These dudes, it just, I'm not gonna say All right, like you said 50 was your brother so he bless you. Socks in your Pocket. Yo. Look, look, this is what I'm saying to you babe.


Like that's like how y'all brothers be brothers. Like I could stop talking to 50 tomorrow but you won't see me with like Rick Ross or another nigga. Or I don, oh that's how these new niggas Be. I done seen niggas in the camp do that. That's How these new niggas Be like, be on stage with Rick Ross or one of these niggas. I'm not. You can stop talking tomorrow and I'm just not, I was raised different. I wouldn't do that. That's just me. I don't claim to be your loyalist nigga. I'm just like, yo, me and Murda in the Armani hotel Eiffel Tower. We going to see the Mona Lisa. We cutting the line like you said, nigga security. New niggas like, oh shit, niggas north. Shit. We cutting the line to see the Mona Lisa and doing shit. We thought we never thought we would do. Yeah, niggas would be like 50 kid dressed.


This nigga buying half the city in Shreveport. Me and Murder figure out what the fuck are we buy Keith Sweat, pizza shop, Jadakiss coffee shop. We looking like damn murder. What we going to buy because we just came other side. I'm saying and, and like what, what he did in Freeport wasn't no shootouts. That shit, you know, niggas kill everywhere. Niggas like that's like one of the capitol wasn't no shootouts, you seeing 50 with the governor police and saying hi. But You know, a nigga tried to back me down in the Uber down there. I jumped out the fucking uber morning Serious. I was going to listen, I was going to listen. I was going to the jam, right? There's no bullshit. So I'm going to the, I'm going to the airport. I jump in there, got the Louis bag And all that shit. Well I, I shouldn't have knew he had a motherfucking hoop hoopy Uber for me.


My my goofy ass. I jumped in anyway. She Would've caused you the call servicer had the escort for you fucking out. Nobody even knew that I don first time head nigga. First of all how you order a truck and a nigga pull up in a nasty joint.


This episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by GAMETIME. Football season is here and we can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of GAMETIME, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love GAMETIME with their brand new GAMETIME picks feature. They're making it even easier to get the games GAMETIME picks filters out all the fluff to show you the incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Plus, if you're trying to cheer on the Irish or the Buckeyes in the national championship on January 20th, GAMETIME has exclusive discounts for you. These exclusive deals offer 10% off tickets in the 300 level sideline, 200 level end zone in 200 level corner. Where fans with flexibility can find deeper discounts by letting GAMETIME choose their exact seats for the game. Just select one of these zone deals and GAMETIME will choose your seats within the selected zone. Take the guesswork outta buying tickets with GAMETIME. Download GAMETIME app, create an account and use code dollars for $20 off your first purchase. That's code dollars for $20 off your first purchase and get an exclusive discount for the College National Championship with GAMETIME Zone deals. Now through January 20th terms apply again. Create an account redeem code. Spell out D-O-L-L-A-Z for $20 off. Download the GAMETIME app today. What time is it GAMETIME? Woo.


This episode of me and Hours Mworthofgame is brought to you by ROCKET MONEY. The start of the New Year's, the perfect time to get organized, set goals and prioritize what matters most. For me a top priority is my financial wellness, which feels more important than ever. ROCKET MONEY is a personal financial app that helps you find and cancel unwanted subscriptions. Monitor your spending and help lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all the subscriptions in one place and know exactly where your money is going. For ones you don't want anymore, ROCKET MONEY can help you cancel them. ROCKET MONEY has over 5 million users and have saved total of 500 million in Cancel subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year using all the app premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with ROCKET MONEY. Cool to ROCKET MONEY dot com slash dollars today. That's ROCKET MONEY dot com slash dollars. ROCKET MONEY dot com slash dollars. ROCKET MONEY the best way to cancel unwanted subscriptions.


Right. That nigga pulled up in a nasty car. I should have knew better but I was on some Goofy shit. Got on the highway talking about oh my car broke down. Hold on me pull over to the side. He jumped out. Scary and shit. This car probably really broke down no while, no This car ain't broke down. This shit started shaking. He tried to pull over on me back me down. I wasn't getting Oh so he never pulled no him out So No, he pulled on him. No He was scared. Ain't get back. He ain't get a chance to, I don't give him a chance. I don understand danger. I know how to measure danger. I know how to measure that shit. Fuck. I know all his danger. I know how the dog, this shit getting little difficult sound for me to act. Make sure my sneak side. He Said he backed you said he pulled out the head boy he, He gotta pull on him out to back me down trying to back him down. He just gotta get a dangerous Environment Back.


Fuck down. I mean fuck that. He told all you gotta do is get a res environment to back me down. He was the scariest nigga in Pennsylvania prison to history. Shit. Hell you ain't passed me your weed but I passed you my weed. It's all good. Damn. You Don GILLIE shit. GILLIE don't smoke with nobody. Oh man Snoop not like that motherfucker. Lemme just tell you something crazy. All you niggas, all you niggas got be having girlfriends and shit. Yo. Listen bro, I don't smoke with Wiz and Snoop Bro ass man we gonna smoke together. Roll him up. What? Yo yo. Yo yo yo. You know what's crazy? You know what's Crazy Smoking Wiz and Snoop. Man you just said some shit. That was the, I only tell people, I tell people outta everywhere we've been at the best weed you'll ever said he smoked.


No it wasn't with Wiz. It was Currency and Snoop. I believe that. I aint never smoked. Wiz had some shit. Him and Wiz set the fire alarm off in the hotel. Yeah I, I smoked shit. I smoked some fire shit with Snoop the record I ain't play. He had some gas shit. He some gas Snoop be having like super gas. Yeah he be Had some You shit gas too though Man Won. I close some contact that GILLIE won. Ain't bad bro. Passed that. See see how I pass the Brooklyn nigga You Don't pass Smoke. He just saying like this no Brooklyn niggas is the worst niggas in the world. Listen, listen bro, Bro On Everything I love or Everything I love. On everything I love. Listen Now you talking I'm in prison right. I'm in prison Pennsylvania. Yo can you pass my weed?


It is always in nigga from Brooklyn. Right Bro sitting here. Why passed me the weed to be on some bullshit with weed? You petty as shit man on Bullshit. But look, he ain't passed me his weed. Biggie Would've passed the weed man. You tell me he from Brooklyn nigga. Shit dude go tell him about Brooklyn nigga Go Brooklyn niggas this what happened. So we in jail. Right. And for some reason they're Brooklyn niggas stop coming to Pennsylvania 'cause they got a thousand Brooklyn niggas doing life a hundred years. 'cause this what a Brooklyn nigga do. He comes to a small town nigga go to PA to give money. He come to a small town, lock it down. Right. He start fucking bull. He he have a dude selling the package for him. Start fucking his chick. And then he don't understand that the bull who Chicky fucking his best friend is the police chief. Oh my God. Next thing you know the whole town, they they run they movie.


They tell son come down here. We out it down son. They tell 50 niggas to come down from New York. They put a a Rico down on them. A state Rico. Yeah. That's how now you got 50 niggas in jail. That's how you used to be in the nineties. Them Brooklyn nigga. No no they still doing that them nigga. Hell yeah. They love a fresh case. Hell a nigga from Brooklyn love us. They think everywhere Is sweet. Lemme just tell you something. Lemme just tell you something. Niggas everywhere. Sweet because Lemme just tell you something got gotta be the toughest. It's two niggas toughest metal. It's nigga got that that you going go anywhere on planet you gonna find and you going find it's not Nigerians and Brooklyn and niggas from Brooklyn. Brooklyn baby. No. Lemme Ask you a question and I'm gonna just keep it all the way real. Lemme just finish this statement. Brooklyn niggas got the most false sense of reality.


Hold Up. I don't like where this is going. Listen the fuck outta here. Listen. All Brooklyn niggas Brooklyn nigga, I'm talking about these niggas. Reality is so crazy farfetched that you know these niggas is crazy. Yo listen because hold on. Every time you see a Brooklyn nigga somewhere other than Brooklyn, he tell you I run this shit son. That's my shit. Shit on. Okay nigga You in Alaska. What The fuck are you Talking? We talking about Whatever part of Alaska we in be believe we run this shit. Let tell you Know how many niggas in Brooklyn told me they run Atlanta.


Like I run this shit. Son, anything you need, you move down here a year and a half ago, nigga what the fuck are you Have to all the Brooklyn nigga to shout To Brooklyn? Niggas crazy. Shout out to Brooklyn. Listen, Lemme show you the New York dynamic. Listen, Queens get the money. Back in the days, Queens niggas always got money type fly. A lot of niggas was getting money in Queens, right. Brooklyn niggas was always the grimy niggas Back in the days, you can't really go to Brooklyn and go see a chick like that. You gonna get robbed, set up whatever Harlem Niggas fly, niggas in Gentrified in there. Different Look. And then the Bronx niggas was the same way as Brooklyn leave.


That's how nigga alone man Leave the Bronx alone. GILLIE Staten Island was real. I just, I'm just keep it over real Babe. Leave Bronx alone Man. Long Island. Look, they see Bronx is the Dirties far New York. Hold on. Long Island niggas get money. They stay in Long Island though. They, they get a Lot of money in Long Island. Right. Bronx, you know it's, it's like Brooklyn. They almost like the same queens of Harlem. It feel like it's almost like the scene Staten Island crazy out there too. But a lot of niggas just don't go to Staten Island. You know what I'm saying? But Trump can't real out there This's. What I don't understand about New York, they is crazy out there too. When I, when I asked this queen is is I'm the dirtiest part of New York. They get mad like You know why you can't stop?


Nah. In Philly. Nah, you know why you can't say that in Philly, we know North Philly is the Dirtiest. Phil, you know why you Look we don't even give a fuck. We like we from North Filthy nigga. Nah, no, no, no. Nah. Yeah nigga, you know why they feel like you can't say that? 'cause a lot of people in the Bronx still get money. Like no That don't mean that. Listen, that Joe said it was a Pac, it was posses of dogs chasing niggas around in the Bronx. Man. He said it was posses Of dogs. Hoodie out. Look, go Gang dogs had gangs In Bronx. Look, I went to the Bronx before. Chill, sound view over there. It's just the Bronx. It feel like in New York. The reason why niggas feel like that 'cause it feel like they got the most projects. I'm just keeping it real. They got the most projects is probably the most dangerous. Yeah, it is dangerous. That's The most broke niggas living in one area.


But Brooklyn is dangerous Queen, dangerous talking Bronx Everywhere Out To my Bronx. But Bronx niggas get money too though. No, we're not saying they don't. No Philly Niggas get money. We dirtiest part of Philly. Oh, alright cool. We north filthy. But you can go to Madison Square Garden over there. You could go across the street or down the block and you can see a rat or two or whatever. Oh There's rats all over that motherfucker. I seen the documentary now was yo called rats. Damn. That's why I don't like to eat in New York. The Streets getting clean now though. They no It. No they're not. No they're not. Nah. Street's cleaning that. Look at the rats Documentary. I was at the garden the other day. It's clean. You ain't seen that one For every one person in New York is a hundred rats documentary in the Underground. Nah, they we cleaned it up though. They hired niggas.


I seen the documentary. They paying niggas like one 50. I be scared To eat. Look they paying 200. You crazy. We got the best food ever. No, Nah, I'm not saying that. I do eat it. Next thing that happened to y'all was Sequan Barkley. This


This episode of million dollars worth a game is brought to you by DRAFTKINGS. We're talking about playoffs. You bet. We are getting into action at DRAFTKINGS Sports Book. An official sports book partner of the NFL scoring Touchdowns is the key to winning in the NFL playoffs. And the key to you scoring big is betting on them at DRAFTKINGS. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting something simple as a player. To score six, go to DRAFTKINGS sportsbook app and make your pick. Here's another reason to watch your favorite player crush it in the playoff. New customers bet $5. Whip your phone out right now. Download the draft code DRAFTKINGS. Pull out your phone right now and download the DRAFTKINGS app. You bet. $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. Pull out your app, download it. Deposit $5 bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during NFL playoffs with Draftking Sports book. Download the Draftking Sports book app. Use code GILLIE. That's code GILLIE for New customers. Get 200 and bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking Sports book. The crown is yours. Don't forget to use code GILLIE. Word Right Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio.


This episode of million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by MANDO. It's the new year and there's one thing I will definitely bring in. 2025 MANDO whole body deodorant. It's safe to use anywhere in your body. Pits, balls, thigh folds, belly buttons, butt, crack and feet. And a lot of y'all got some smelly as you need to rub a little bit on there. Get your shit right. I'm just saying. MANDO was created by a doctor who saw firsthand how normal bio was being mis misdiagnosed and mistreated. Clinically proven to block odor all day in control. Odor up to 72 hours and a lot of y'all don't like watching. So 72 hours it'll work well on you. I'm just saying. 12 hours after you shower the average man Grundle odor level is five out of 10. Some of y'all seven outta 10. When MANDO, the average Grundle odor is zero out of 10. Yes. Choose a variety of fresh CENT from bourbon leather clover Wood Mount Fuji or Pro Sport MANDO Starter Pack is perfect for New customers. It comes with a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant. Two free products of your choice like mini body wash and deodorant wipes and free shipping has a special offer for listeners. New customers Get $5 off of Starter pack with an exclusive code that equates to 40% off your starter pack. Using code M-D-W-O-G. That's MD wog at shop MANDO dot com. Shop MANDO dot com Get fresh. Get that rundle order down. Right.


This nigga be dancing. Who they got him from? Where they got him from New York nigga. No, First of all y'all listen. Don't, don't, don't hype that Management over there. I a chopped cheese than a Philly cheese steak shit on new nigga You would never rather have no fucking chop cheese. The game yesterday we shitted on y'all Crazy Over no fucking no fucking cheese Steak. Shout out to the Knick game. You in Central City. Posting up. Yo. Yo. Listen back in the days and we used me and banks, we used to come out here here and go gins And all 'em places. Oh let's get a Philly cheese no New York. I'd rather have a chopped cheese. I'm not dropping No one. They chopping. They chop hamburgers up bro. Bro. Nah you, that's not Steak. That not They're taking hamburgers. Throwing on their new Hamburg.


Chopped cheese Chop hamburgers, Food, cheese, steak don't get talked about no more like it used to. York got the best food trip did take over New York Got who got the best food. Who got the best pizza? Best food. Phil Philly got the best pizza. Get The fuck outta here my nigga. Y'all know from Philly Cheese Steaks. That's it my nigga we Known from Philly g Pretzels Whenever you ever heard Nigga Pizza, I heard niggas from Chicago be like yo, we got the best pizza. Pizza. No New York got the best pizza. I've never heard niggas from Phil say yo, Philly got the best pizza Dog. Y'all gotta fucking y'all sell a slice for a dollar on a corner nigga. Nah nigga you bugging That generic pizza Gil. That's what I'm saying. You gotta go to margaritas, you gotta go to shit like real pizza spots. Not the dollar pizza. That Shit get some real food in Man.


Y'all niggas got Philly cheese steaks Get you some real motherfucking food sitting here nigga. You know what I mean? Dancing your motherfucking tongue. Break dancing. I'll take Drop cheese over that. Where your sister? Who? At the restaurant. See there you go. Yeah Philly. Talking about, I mean talk that shit to us. You ain't got no Jamaican spots in Philly. Get outta Jamaican. Why They got all that shit man, get outta here. All type of African spots. Indian spots. They got everything. Think we ain't got no mother food. Everything. You Ain't mean on no D screw fierce. You think we don't got none of them bro. You want squirrel fish, you'll find them a dime silver. We got all of that call shit man. Ain no Jamaican food. I bet you if you call a Jamaican restaurant now and say yo I want to jerk chicken with rice with festival.


I bet you the first thing they gonna say is they don't have festival or they don't have jerk chicken. No that's another Story in New York. I can go to Harlem and get good Jamaican. I can go to Queens, I can go to Brooklyn. Brooklyn, I can go to Bronx. I can get good food anywhere in New York City. You Know New York is the size of fucking America. Of course it's the same size. There's Good food everywhere. Of course you gonna find one spot you can go to. We was in Vegas. Look we was in Vegas for Christmas and New Year's. We was in Vegas and LA for damn near a month Thanksgiving we was on. And you know what I was saying Hold, you know what I mean. You was in Vegas for a month? Nah, I ain't, I ain't gonna put that Out. And you know what I was eating Pussy Pu Ramey shit.


Oh was eating all was Eating that Gordon Ramsey like that shit. But They got a crazy buffet in like the win I, I'm a buffet warrior. So They got, nah they got mad restaurants. Marvin Stewart Bunch of shit Got some good was Gordon Gordon Ramsey? Man, I don man that shit ain't no but Philly. I know y'all For cheeses. Steaks like y'all just Ain't Gordon Ramsey. That shit ain't got no seasoning on it. Man. White man ain throw the old bay on that shit. Nah that shit was All right man. That shit was good. Hurry Ain. I don want No man. I don't want No chopped cheese. Listen man, I don't want no fucking meal When they heard about your cholesterol Phil you do.


You can do a And all that shit. We gonna do a poll and They'll say yo look Chopped cheese or Philly cheese steak. Philly cheese, Chopped Cheese said chopped cheese. They just made that shit look three months ago they, Three months ago. That shit ain't even got a lifespan. Yo look this shit just a cheese In any borough But it's just a baby. That shit got three years. All it is is a fucking Hamburg. They chopped their, they gave you a hamburger, remixed it. They re the poppy store. Shout to the poppy store. Y'all remix the motherfucking hamburger. Nah, I don't to the motherfucker. They remix. I didn remix the burger. Go to McDonald's right now. Take a burger and chop it up in the car and got a chopped cheese. Come on man.


Hey, hey, hey. You know they came up with it because they can't even talk that good English. They chopped cheese. Chopped cheese? Nah, it didn't take, it took over though man. It took over. It took over The berg up. Threw some cheese orders. What I'm is we used to go To Philly for Philly cheese steaks. Now we stay in New York for the chopped cheese. But what I'm saying is a nigga ain't never drove up from Philly to fucking New York for a fucking Cheese, Chopped cheese. I bet you, I bet you there's a nigga that went Crazy. He's a goofy motherfucker. You could just stay in your crib and chop the burger up. That's, I keep telling you be a goofy. Thank you. They goofy. I just seen some niggas up. Well I gonna do, I'm still thinking chopped cheese. Some chopped cheese. Man they got a whole shooting now in New York. You go to any barrel, look, you go to any barrel and get good food in New York, Bronx, Harlem.


You go anywhere Philly get good food. I don't believe that. You tripping. I think y'all got good food. We got a hell of a guy. Lot of good soul food. Restaurants a lot of good. What's That place? What's shit? Come on man. Can Noble with with Philly cheese steak. What's it called? Well, ble Don't Even know what Talking about the fuck talking about. Oh You what? I don know I don, This nigga came to Philly. I don dunno years ago. This years ago. It wasn five Nobody in Philly. I don dunno I nigga Crazy man. It's G shit. I don Hey listen, let me ask you a question though. Listen man of Smart Weed. Listen You come from, you come from Queens Hollywood Roast Small.


Listen, listen Willy Wonka Won. You come from Queens, right? Small Willy Wonka. I gotta ask you a question. What, What moment in your life was you most scared and was having a conversation with God negotiating to be able to see later on the day when you was in that courtroom and the judge was talking to you when the dude backed you down, pulled that, pulled that slam out on you or when? No, no. Listen, listen, listen, listen. Was slam well or when the dog or when the dog jumped on you? Oh, I'm gonna be honest. Look, going to court is always the always, I always hated him. Oh that dog jumped on you.


That shit was like going to court plus. Oh yeah. Yo shout to my man at a TL bro. Like I thought it was a game. I ain't gonna lie. I did too. I thought that shit was the game and it was a Belgian malawa. I want Buy, I don know what it was. Shit was dangerous. He was the ball that he, he bit buying the dog. I I, I was gonna buy that shit. Definitely was gonna buy that shit. Yo. Listen I love it. The funniest. Y'all don't fuck with the dogs though? No, no. I don fuck scared of dog homeboy to fuck The dog. I Just get this dog off me Yo. Nah, I thought y'all thought that shoe was gonna break my home. I ain't gonna Lie.


Nigga was talk like yo, what happened? You have happy nigga. Get the fucking dog called me nigga. Fuck you Nigga. That shit fucked. Yeah I ain't gonna lie. That shit fucked Out. My shit is crazy. Oh my God. Oh my God. Yo look and look that the whole thing about it, that was the smallest dog. It was a man that was, it was King cool. So that nigga hustled him in buy dog. I'm like yo, this shit right here probably ain't gonna be no crazy. That was Jam Malawa. He hustle. Look that shit up. He hustled him in to buy dog. You wanna buy a dog? No, I'm really into dog six my how about dog? Yo. That's crazy man. That shit, I like dogs though. I had like seven dogs in life. No you, you did you I hadian parents back.


Do you still Like dogs After that? Nah, you gotta understand I had Haitian parents back in the days. Real strict island. Parents couldn't have shit. Couldn't get a fucking Gumby fade. Oh you was mad as shit. Couldn't get nothing. Dogs what dog? Like I hadit Asian parents so I always wanted dogs though. I was as a fan of dogs. I had like seven, eight dogs. Pit bulls bully Frenchy. Damn. Well how do you ain't know how to throw a sign or, or stop the dog? No, I M saying No. But the trainer shoulda got him off me Yo. That he said Motherfucker wasn't yo that yo, I ain't gonna lie. I would never do that Shit again though.


I would never do that shit again. That shit, I ain't gonna lie. I felt like he was breaking my arm like yo, that shit was just, you know where You see a motherfucker face nigga? Yeah you know he was serious. That be your ma wild serious bro. My boy was serious. I think those are the doors that was in John Wick or something like that. But But lemme just say something right. Had three of them shits. He might have trained for the movie. Lemme just Say something like, Like That's a perfect indication of why niggas should not be doing those Caucasian activities man. Yeah, nah You're Right. That was the Caucasian man came up with That shit. That definitely Was some crazy, my voice said you right. Like Because think about it. Ain't no nigga say No. I didn't think it was gonna be nothing though. Throw A fluffy suit on and didn't let a dog run up and jump on you.


No you know that was a good old white man it came up with that shit. Nah it was honestly it was some dumb shit. I ain't going out but yo, I thought the Belgian malawa was like, He thought it Was cool. I thought it was gonna be because it came cross so nigga had all kind of shit. I'm like boy that shit ain't going Change your life with that Shit nigga. That shit nigga. That's John Wake Yo, yo. You see John Wake when he had the doors and they was biting niggas up one of them Shit. Like, like this what I'm trying to understand. I be like why do people do that when it's like they could bite your hands. They could bite your face. What makes you think they could just stop biting right at your arm? Dude, we don't having no helmets or nothing. They be Like, I thought my understanding my man was going get the shit off me. He said My understanding.


How long did it take him to get him Off me? My understanding. How long, How long it Take? Nah, for real. Some real shit. So he, I'm like yo, get the shit off me and the shit is like the more I'm moving. Look, see Thank you. That's the, that's the GILLIE Wonka my head on fire. That's GILLIE Wonka fire bro. We gotta Get down with his distribu. Oh my head on fire. Shout the cookies Harrison too Man. Understanding. So the more I look, the more I wanted the dog to like, Like I'm like get it off me Off now. For real. He gonna, His wife, he gonna his he gonna, his proper voice Nigga was fighting more. Them shit is ill though.


I don yo Yo did did, I'm just saying what type of protection is on it. Did you? No the whole suit supposed to protect you but It, it didn't, I didn't feel like that. That shit was no acting or nothing. I felt like my own Belgian John Wick. Man These niggas crazy. I fried too man. Oh man, that Shit shit crazy. That shit some dumb shit. I ain't gonna hold you though man. Oh man. Yo. Let's talk about the wrap up And all the securities 'cause of him. Yeah, Yeah. Dudes Bro's looking for him man. Yeah. Huh? That's that man. That's your man. I did that 'cause I see how you, man, how cool you and that nigga was. I All niggas crazy man.


I ain't got no problem. I told No dude rapper up. People take it personal bro. I ain't got no problems with Raw. This the Last year. What this the Last year? This might be the last year doing that shit. You Say that every year Bro? Nah, I just wanna chill shit. You love roasting people Man. Nah, I'm chill This, I'm gonna chill for a little while though man. Give that shit a break. Yeah the threats came through. The threats Came through good. They broke through the joint. I did get a cease and desist from Diddy Peoples though for some shit. Yeah, But you said Legend. They kid Rod The kid Rod. Oh that's the boy that put the Jonie, he put the joint on You? No, he ain't put nothing on me. Oh shit. He ain't put nothing on. I'm not saying That because I don know. No. Did he, I Don Dunno if Y was In the party, The party you Full Of joint on. Don't say that He was in, we did a video or some shit.


He was in the video. They, I guess did showed him ceases desist. Yeah. Did He after that nigga bro. Yo, let me ask you a question key after Who?


This episode of me and Os Mworthofgame is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site. Employers prefer the most based on G two. How fast does ZipRecruiter Smart Technology start showing your job qualified candidates immediately? RECRUITER powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't have to waste time or money. You can invite top candidates for your job to apply to encourage them to apply sooner. IG you need to hire your business and want a easier way to find qualified candidates. Head to ZIP RECRUITER. And right now you can try it for free at ziprecruiter.com/game. So if you're looking to hire some candidates, you're looking to hire somebody for jobs. What? What Better way is better than ZipRecruiter? We tell you everybody that's top qualified in what they bring to offer your business, your company. ZipRecruiter. Here's a new year of hiring made easier when ZipRecruiter, four of five employees who pose ZipRecruiter. Get a qualified candidate within the first day. See for yourself. Go to this exclusive website to try ZipRecruiter for free ziprecruiter.com/game and that's ziprecruiter.com/game. Hire the smartest way. ZipRecruiter


right this episode of me. Hours mworthofgame is brought to you by PLANET FITNESS. Start the year off. PLANET FITNESS offers high value members that support any fitness journey. A judge-free environment where you're free to get a judge-free environment where you're free to get strong your way on your time. Feel the strongest, best self with best in class equipment for a full workout. From strength training to cardio, to stretching brand new loaded machines like high squat and INE benches. PLANET FITNESS has the same high quality best equipment as others more expensive gyms. PLANET FITNESS has the same High PLANET FITNESS has the same high quality best in class equipment as other more expensive gyms. Their class membership is just $15 a month. So you know anytime you want to go to get some good work Judge Free environment, very affordable. Why would you go anywhere else but PLANET FITNESS? Huh? The hours amenity on offers varied by club. Check out PLANET FITNESS dot com. Stop by your local club For more information. Must be 18 to enroll or 13 to 17 With Parent With Parent or 13 to 17 with Parent or Guardian. PLANET FITNESS. Get strong, get in shape, get healthy. Make your body look right. PLANET FITNESS.


Right. Murder? Yeah. How many parties y'all been to man? Huh? I never went to no party. I'm just saying party ever in my life. I'm just talking about the parties. Some industry parties. Yo, look I was the nigga that was, I never went to, I was in jail space up to Youyo was the nigga that was. I'm just saying I was in jail. Yoyo was the nigga like GILLIE, I was popping mad shit. Didn didn't give a fuck. I just got off straight. Straight outta jail. No, no prison time. Just state. You went to prison. I was a state. Rikers Island County. County. Rikers. Well Rikers Island ain't the county nigga. That's a whole nother ballgame. I'm just saying it's not, it's scary John, but I'm just saying nah, that's on the list. I don't know what y'all got clearly. But Rikers Island, you don't want to go there. No, but that's state. That's what they call state. A state prison. A state prison is when I'm just saying you leave the county, you still was in the county, you was in reception Like, like Diddy and MDC?


Yeah, I was in that too. That that's just What section? What section of PC was you? Is the top lock or the low block? Stop playing. You know what, I not gonna lie. You did your bid being a regular nigga. I did my little skid bids. I ain't do 20. Yeah I did Skid Bids. You know Skid bids when you do you just in, in Out. You in and out. But my whole thing is I was on a Allen Famous, I was on Rikers. That's Everybody. Everybody knew Rik famous, no Pc. That was Aloha. 73. It's hard. It's hard. You could ask Barnes that. That's Diddy's old Security. That's my homie. He was in my house. I was in there with a couple of niggas. My son Spank. Alright, so listen, But but was you thinking about, was you thinking about the parties when you was in jail? Like the parties you was going to?


Of course, but like, Like I said, my shit was a skid bit because back then he'd being funny with the parties. Look like right now in New York you Do, I never been to a D Party. Nigga was at a D party before me. Your responses is the best of the world. I love this Nigga. I've never been to no Diddy party. Listen Now listen I ain't, You gotta understand Gina was the most hated too. Who party with us nigga. Nobody. What fucking you talking about? There was a point where hiphop police had us been hiphop police from what nigga everything. What the fuck go fuck you mean no G Unit, no dip set. Niggas used to say that at the club.


Nigga I couldn't go nowhere did you fucking kill me nigga. I was number one on hip hop. Hip hop police list. Me and 50 nigga damn Bulletproof trucks niggas shit shot shit in the city. Like come on, let's not. That's wild fabricate. That's why when niggas be like, yo, niggas was telling or niggas ain't like that. Come on nigga. What niggas was going through? Real niggas shit. Niggas no rapper, Jay-Z, Kanye And all. No rappers went through no real aggressive shit with different niggas in the hood. Niggas was, and I'm not taking nothing from niggas. They all was gangsters. Nigga said Kanye, you ain't to no Aggression. Henchman was a gangster. Yo. You ever mentioned any parties? Hmm? Who did he party? I don't know.


I don know if he with Jay and You ain't never gonna see me. He did go to Rock up get get the fuck because Jay Was fucking with him. Then Jay was like nah that nigga's not my man. Like I don't, so I don't know. He was with Jay-Z. Maybe he was around did he? I was never around him. Niggas, I don't, I ain't never, I ain't never been What's the name come on band F. Shit, maybe I been to, I know this is what I said. Nigga crazy Wallow. Nah, I didn fucking nah, nah, nah. You my man. I wasn't, Wasn't JayZ get the fuck I just said that.


Am I lying? Okay. You see this bullshit? I fucking with this nigga man. I fucking with this nigga. Mr. Said I wasn't around Jay and them nigga. I wasn't, I don't, no rappers really liked us like that murder was around. Niggas Like I ain't, I wasn't around no fucking did he get fuck no JayZ, you probably, you probably was a plus three. Probably a plus three. I'm just got plus three. Fuck. Fuck. I'm just saying man. I'm just saying. I never been to no parties. Fuck Niggas hated 50. No, But you know what's crazy? People be bullshit. Niggas hated 50. Everybody Just wanna say this everybody friend, We never hung with nobody. I Would've been every, I would, everybody wanted to go to the parties.


Why everybody friend? I ain't saying nah, I ain't saying you did murder. Probably wanted to go probably to Hove. Hey ho, look you going to Diddy, lemme fuck out. M saying. I'm just saying because I would've asked. Never had me bother with him like that. Niggas no. Why people be friends. Like why, why is everybody friend, like they wanted to go to the party, the paid dog who Gil was at a party with. Man. He was at some crazy parties. Listen, This my aspect, look, my aspect isn't it 50 didn't have 50 didn't get along with nobody. So we never really hung with rappers. That's why it's cool to see niggas cool with Cam. Niggas cool with Fat Joe now. Yeah. 'cause shit was real in the streets. Like it could go down any minute. Hey, When y'all did the awards, if 50 walked into the crowd, you know what I'm talking, I wasn't there for that.


He went there like solo D Oh, All right. I wanted to know was that Hold You? I, I wanted to know was like, was that something he planned to the, And you know, 50 box And all that. So he be ready, he be, he be ready. He ready for this shit Like I Think he spur moment Like I see you Too. Shit. He ain't never And you ain't never seen nobody. I Seelo do his karate Shit. Oh yeah. I'm definitely black. 13 times black be I specialize in lo wado. I'm real my shit real black belt. Fucking vicious Black fell. Lemme tell you something man. Motherfucker rest in piece of karate. Earl Earl Wasn piece. Karate Earl Man. He wasn't even no fucking black girl. Yes he was. Didn't know he did U Ip. Yes he was Put more branching in there.


My whole thing is like Drink that branch responsibly. Huh? At the end of the day like man What We made it and we happy man fuck all that's fuck. Just like how y'all Made it. Everybody came backing Like I went to the party man. Who? Them parties man. Everybody wanted to go. I was in jail like that. So let Me ask y'all a question. If y'all niggas get a billion dollars 'cause did he had a billion dollars, are you gonna have parties at your crib like that? Fuck no. You ain't coming my CRI A hundred. I'm gonna tell you G Unit got sued probably over a hundred times. A nigga get his jaw broke. They suing 50, a nigga gets slapped in the head, they suing 50. So it was to a point where it wasn't no depositions. 50 or just pay it nigga get his jaw broke.


That's probably like 50,000. You know what I'm saying? So if I'm a billionaire, I'm not even gonna be in the country. I'm not gonna have niggas party in House. Me neither. I'm not either. You're gonna get lawsuits bro. You are Going. Yeah You gonna be in a crib and wifey chilling on a billion. You're not gonna just have random niggas at the crib and parties on days. No, not at my because when the club close at 2:00 AM in LA in Miami go to Diddy's house. So how you know? Yeah how how you know nigga how you know? Just saying told you what? Told you. Everybody know facts. The club goes at two Eight murder party.


Come on outta here. He said wow get here man. You know nigga who he with nigga Val Damn man. Free dig. Y'all know we never really hang with no rappers like that. I'm just keeping it real. G Unit never really hung out with no rappers. Buck hang with a couple of niggas, Jeezy and them but banks ain't really hang out with too many niggas. I ain't really hang out with too many niggas. It was like niggas was on the radar. Yeah what I'm saying? Niggas really wanted to kill niggas like bullet out with a couple niggas. That's what I'm saying. You come home and fifth be like yo. Yeah here get the bulletproof truck. I ain't even knew no too many motherfuckers that had a Bulletproof Before 50.


Nah we had three of them bitches. We the first the game with them, shit Fifth gave me one coming home like yo I'm beefing with all these niggas and he'll take the bulletproof truck. You know what I mean? And like how you said don't go nowhere where you think you gotta bring a gun? Fuck no while I'm going Fuck. And when he gave me the Jacob, yo you know niggas will kill you over that. Damn what? You know what I'm saying? He always looked out for you. Was it ever a time he Made sure you know Was it ever a time where you, because all the stories you tell about like 50 and y'all, they all be heroic stories like 50 always end up being suit man. Is there ever a time where y'all got where he turned into a track star where y'all had to run from some niggas and y'all broke out? Nah, y'all never ran. You know how crazy it is. It's no nigga in the history of the devil that never got ran. That never ran. I you know what I many times I ran from niggas Man probably probably ran from the police.


No. Fuck that. You know how many times niggas chase me man. Nah I don't. The average nigga got chased about five times. It ain't no nigga. Maybe For more like the police. No not the police. It's always a nigga getting Getting shot at shit like that. You gotta Nigga, nigga out. Yeah nigga shooting at you nigga. Nigga in the situations a nigga got nigga like Yeah look what I'm saying to you. Like the average nigga in the hood was smoking, joking and toting. Right Fifth was running around the projects. You know what I'm saying? He had niggas from Baisley Everlasting. All these niggas training him. He's running around the projects in the suit. He don't smoke, he don't drink, you know what I mean? He was like tending over in the hood knocking niggas out. Oh yeah. I would've stayed away From him. He a lefty, you know what I'm saying? Niggas really wasn't fucking with him.


And then after a while after he got shot in that situation, niggas really, niggas always had guns around Like I said see C see that? See we would, me and him would've had a Mexican standoff. 'cause I would've tried to, we would've been all I came out, you know? Oh no now now they got the projects and they got Like I came out there snapping one day doing my Bruce Lee shit and I we just, we decided, we just squared up. He like, no I leave that nigga alone his feet. And Then he was ill on the bikes too back in the days. Okay one day like this is what really made him put, put him on the map in Queens. He was getting money like he had the whole block Benz And all that. But he had this, I think it was a 1100 and that shit was like blue, red and white.


So two girls got killed in Bricktown double homicide. Damn. And the nigga had the same kind of bike as him. Nigga had the whole precinct chasing him. Come out my crib, my mom's crib come around the corner, they got helicopters, loads to the ground, dogs coming through rest. He going through 1100 Going through my man Fat shot. Niggas got work on the side And all door was coming through and the nigga got away. Sir he had my man Ron from Circle one on the back. He dropped him off and still got away. So he was like, yeah he was then came through Woo with the whole preaching chasing him. Woo woo. Niggas like, oh shit, what's going Helicopters. 'cause they thought he was a double homicide suspect. So it was just fifth was always like a movie in the hood.


'cause like Queens in the nineties we had fun New Year's Champagne in the fucking store. Queens was the shit. Niggas was getting money. David Dinkins era. Everything was fun in New York. Ah Yeah. Niggas outside. All we did was stay on the block. What was in Brooklyn's niggas doing at the time? Niggas like him. Who don't You Don Amp this nigga. Man we was out there chilling, getting money. Queens different place. I fuck with Brooklyn. But Brooklyn was live nigga Brooklyn was where where you wanted to be man. You know what I'm saying? Queens look. Queens get the money. Like outside felt like, like everybody was outside. Like how everybody be outside in all. Yeah.


We ain't gonna keep just talking about how Queens I look, lemme tell you something. They said Pro. He said that money no time. They said that on Mob Dkng Queens the money Queens fun. I know, I think Havoc said that part. Queens got the most rappers though, right? Yeah we do. They have Biggie murder a couple of niggas. They got Biggie, they Got, I don't like how you talk about couple of niggas We got run DM C nigga. I'm kidding. Let's not start this debate. We have run DMC. So Queens Come outta So when niggas Like it's Christmas time in Hols. Queens. Queens mom's cooking chicken. We've been doing this shit since forever The eighties. But what I'm saying is what so tribe Called Quest too of course Ask a motherfucking question. That's Lynden. That's so What you saying is by far Queens is killing every part of New York when it comes to rappers.


I would, I would kind of say You can't say that. I'm Not gonna say that, but I'm gonna say let's, let's name groups. Right? Hold, hold on, let's Let you notice this. I'm stop. Let's stop it. I'm Story. No, No look let's name facts though. Go ahead. Name 'em. Okay, so we gonna go with run DMC that paved the game. Oh you got niggas wouldn't even be wearing Adidas if it wasn't for run DMC and GM Master. Shout Out the run. That's my man. Shout out the run. That's family. Shout out the Run Queens. Right run. He using his run. Hold on because I can't see shit Queens. Right? You can't Queens. Right. So you got run DMC niggas was buying Adidas wearing leather jackets, rest in peace to Gym Master J Niggas got it from jail. They said yeah Started wearing the shoes Without no laces.


We got LL Cool J Legend since Jackson High School that nigga was hot. Go ahead. Niggas don't give him his props. Like he's no. Yeah I do. He's a legend. I do. Niggas don't give him props like he supposed to. I was on ll album Sometimes ll be acting Like, I don't know. He just, what are you talking? Sometimes I feel like he take the props away from himself. What do you mean mean I you take the props away from Himself. I don't know. I feel like he be like, Fuck He's a legend. He know because he's a goat. But What you mean Like I feel like he be like Say what you mean. Ll be feeling like he feel like people don't acknowledge him. We Acknowledge as the goat but I feel like he's, you know he's a Goat but there's more than one goat In the game. Exactly. But I feel like sometime ll be wanting more Props than he's a legend. Listen, I'm is a legend from, from the eighties to the nineties to the early two thousands.


Niggas just don't give as much props as they give like a J or of niggas. Let's just keep it real, you know what I'm saying? But come on, LL let's keep going. List goes on Tribe. Tribe called Quest. Come on bro. Legends hit records. I'm not saying Brooklyn don't got it, but Brooklyn got man. Who else? Tribe called Quest. Who else? Because I heard name Now keep going. Hold on. Yeah, hold on because I wasn't Bump drop Court Quest. Let's go too. I'm saying you wasn't Bump drop. I wasn't fucking you fucking disrespect Nigga though. You don keep You Don Let's Go.


How the Fuckups, how, how the fuck you doing wrap up and you was listening to Qtip Fight Dog? I'm not saying that I wasn't. I didn't. I heard. Listen. I heard but I ain't never jumped in the car. Called you The neither You Don. Nigga fuck problem. You don fucking I know Bonita on Bonita. You don't remember when they had I left my wallet at El Segundo. TJ's Wasn't playing that in the clubs Back in day. No. You don't remember when they had footprints or footprint? Nah, he don't even know nothing. You Don't remember? I left my wallet in El Segundo. You don't know nothing about none of that. You Wasn't Out.


What I'm talking about, man, I gotta get it. I got got to get it. All right, go ahead. I left my wild. You saying Tribe is not legend y Y'all Don't listen to them. They not. Legend left My wild. That was classic. Listen, hold on. Can I ask you A question? Listen, we don't wanna do this hip hop shit. Y'all don't wanna do this with this Ask question. Letting y now hold it down. Look, Segundo Was playing as much as main source. I'm looking Out the the front door. We don't want do that. My best Professor Best Shot was A Dkng. Listen, we don't wanna this Hip hop not nigga You. You saying you didn't listen to him.


That don't make y'all That don't make y not a legend. We ain't saying legend. He wasn. Legend. Legend. I'm getting y'all kicked out. We just said we ain't ing I getting y'all niggas kicked outta hip hop. Not fucking rap hip hop This Fuckers, this is the worst shit I've ever heard in my life. Philly y hottest niggas. What's the niggas robbed bank back in the day? Steady being, what was the nigga name? C. Cool C. Those were the hottest niggas from Philly, bro. Yeah They was Nigga Rob Banks was really shooting niggas. Nigga shout out to them. We don't want to do this hip hop shoot. No That don't make that. Don't make That. Don't make fake That don't make them hot Because There's a lot of these niggas nigga Shit. I'm saying shit. Just knew them back in the days in the eighties. Oh Three times dope tough crew. We don't This hip hop shit. I'm just saying this. Who Else he said but yo, I hate when niggas back.


Y'all don't listen to 'em so that don't make him high. Gil, I love you. I listen to your shit. Listen To Shit. I didn't say drop call wasn't hot. I didn shit. Listen to What that make. Listen to them. You just Said Bonita have a phone. That's That shit. Shit Too. All right Bonita. She Gotta put me Out. It was a hit. It was a hit record. Right? I don't know. I don't know if it was a hit. It was a hit bro. I wasn't into hip hop like that. He'll tell You Don, you I didn't grow up no rapper. I didn't even have cable tv. I never seen videos in my life. He was a fucking rapper. Well he looked, he wanted to die to be a motherfucking run. DMC Dick. I'm one of them nigga niggas that watched Video Music Box back in the days.


Shout off Mc. He Wanted to be a run DMC Dick holster back in the day. Oh God damn. You can't disrespect No. Did he Don't disrespect. No he did. He He just just run. Run around around DMC Said trends. Look, Do whatever run DMC. Niggas Wouldn't be buying the D. He Said you gotta keep going man. You already said run remix man. You're trying remix it. What did We say? Run dmc? Yeah we said he said Ll LL Cool J. Yeah, I'm gonna put Mc Shannon on there 'cause Legend did great into the battle with KSK got that one. Okay we gonna talk about Martin Ma. He put on a Brooklyn Nigga Marty Law Big Daddy Kane nigga. Listen, there would be nobody Big Daddy Kane. If it wasn't Mar Ball from Queen, You let's go. Had to say somebody from who to stealing.


Who else K to solidify Mar. He had to say put on Big Daddy. Keep going but keep it going. Way more rap. Of course. Corona Queens definitely. Okay, Ji Rap Talk. Let's go ball deep. Oh Nas Okay now. Okay. Okay. CNN. No Capone report. Okay. The list goes on and On. Yeah, It's over. It's come to Queens. Let's keep it real. Okay he going And then Russell wasn't it Russell Simmons. Russell Simmons ain't rap nigga who Go ahead. It Don't matter who missing. He ain't Rap nigga. We been said. Oh we been setting. Nah, come on. Oh, Nicki Benard of course who sold more records than her? She had the biggest tour just last year still it's like 15 years later.


Let's talk about Nick has the biggest Tour. Shout to Nicky. We came out to like five Shows. He got Your murder. Don't say nothing. Murder you can't even talk. Brooklyn Got Biggie. We got, we got Biggie, they got Ho, we got Jay-Z, we got Fab, we got MOP. We got Big Daddy K of course, but Big Daddy ca We got Little Kim, we got Foxy Brown. Brooklyn got a lot of you crazy. Who Wonder who had the longer list though? Isn't that about Please I love Brooklyn. We even still got the young boys. Man. We got Pop Smoke, we got Fab, we got got Chef G, we got Sleepy House. Brooklyn still is going. I ain't gonna lie. Brooklyn going but you know We still Going.


You, you say you a nigga twice. You know shit. Getting short said Fab. We got Fab, We got Fab, we got Fab. What the fuck? You know that Already We got Brooklyn got. Yeah, But let's say G Unit 50 and Nicki Minaj. I mean that's good enough right there. Record sales. And we are talking about hard copy. We're not talking about streams made up or you Know. You know what's crazy? I'm say this we're Talking About, we're talking about, lemme say hard copy. Lemme say this though. Well nigga had to go to the store and actually leave they house, purchase this shit from they house Or FY and Gil, you know what I'm talking about? Yes. Or see you on Tower records. Yes. You had to walk in the store, you had to leave your crib, go to the store, get it.


Look at the, you had to read the back of the case For I I believe, I believe GN 50. We set the blueprint for a lot of niggas bro. So You nigga, Lemme ask you a question. Do you think, hmm, that 50 is the biggest nigga ever came outta New York? I would say, I'm just gonna say there's a lot of greats that came outta New York. He's one of the greats. You never the biggest nigga ever to come outta New York. The I'm the biggest rapper. I can't say that 'cause there's a lot of rap. I could say Rakim is big Daddy King man. You can't say no, No. I could just say 50. Listen. Okay, lemme this And I'm not saying that. Saying what I, from what I witnessed 50 Say.


So J Nigga, we know Michael Jordan is better. If we, what we going on record Michael Jordan looked up to fucking Dr. J. Now. Now Wallo, lemme ask you a Question. We knew Mike was better. Lemme ask y'all a question. What I'm saying Is, lemme ask you a question. What We, that's what I'm talking about. Record. Will we What we basing it off of record. Who did anybody from New York Cell more record than biggest Artists that come out in New York? Nah, 50 sold I think 11. 30 million. 30 million worldwide. Yeah. But his first album was what, 10 million. He sold more records than Biggie And Chase. Yeah man. 13 million. Yeah. Record sell 50 sold the most records. He's the biggest. He sold more, he sold more records than had more of a global impact than a lot of rappers.


But I don't have a top five. I got like a top 10, top 20 when it comes to rappers from New York. Like, 'cause you gotta go from the eighties to the nineties to the two thousands. Who The biggest rapper to come outta Atlanta. Atlanta Of all time. Mm. That's a, that's hard. There's a lot of big you would say's too many fucking rappers. Three, 3000. I would say future. You would say? I would say, I would say probably, I would say future. I probably say Andre 3000 and them And he said rapper. He, he stopped. He thought he was with a group future. Still going. Still going. He been hot for then. Yeah, but he started way before future too. So they Don't But I, I don, that's what I don Know I'm saying. I'm saying that they To still be relevant this long future.


Got Some shit now look, what are we basing on? Like we ba He's relevant. Like no he like a nuance then there. So you would put, so you would put future in front of Jeezy and and ti and PEs the weed Because Hold on, he up my weeded. That's that was my, we Right. Right. He right. Damn. Like I don't fuck with this nigga. Fuck Because he wouldn't smoke all the weed. Man. He worked him up. You know he's crazy. I was born in Brooklyn. Oh. Do anybody know that you born Brooklyn Hospital? I always, I'm a Queen nigga. How you said you just said Hopper. It's viral nigga he born in Brooklyn. Nigga fuck Queens ain't got no hospitals. Nah, my parents was from Haiti.


They came to Brooklyn. Brooklyn nigga you from Brooklyn. Brooklyn. Nigga Brooklyn from Brooklyn. Hold. I don. I don remember nothing. Brooklyn. No it don't matter. I don remember nigga. Hey Murder. You know why it's different. You was born and you wasn't sworn in. You was you. You are from Brooklyn. Your blood is in M saying. But all I know was Queens. I love Brooklyn though. You This's a new shit man. It's my brother, my Brooklyn brother. He like smoking my weed. Like you Hey y'all should put out an album. Brooklyn Brothers, Brooklyn Brothers. I ask him if he passed. He like yo you, I don't know if you eat that. Y'all be on tour. He dance together. Lemme Hell no.


Hell no. Lemme Some bubbles in The butt. Hell no. Good bro. Nah chilling. Hell Sure. You don wanna get locked up in foreign country nigga. No You don't. Nah, I'm just playing man. I don't want get them niggas You so you still tall Mother Foreign Definitely was playing. I'm going on my own tour. I'm about to leave on Thursday. That disc, I'm just playing Tour. Hold on. Got wife. He the disclaimer Nigga. Oh you putting oh you out here telling lying old niggas man ass nigga. I told you that nigga was a rat. Sorry I'm just playing Miss, miss Murder, he smoked All of weed.


That All of, we miss Auntie murder. I'm just playing. Yo. We get paid to smoke weed now. I hate when people bother us on tour. Talk to him, talk about shit Man yo niggas be on tour yo 50. I'm in the gym with you. 'cause you know sometimes when a nigga don't got nothing to talk about to a rich nigga, they start making shit up. Yeah. That's The only thing I Hate. Like what? Like what? Just make shit up. Just what? Make shit Just, you know how that shit go y'all, y'all rich now. So you know nigga might just nigga out. The crew might just come make some shit up to make you feel about another Nigga's Because you know 50 a gym nigga, he he is In the gym for No reason. Yeah them niggas ain't, you know they niggas ain't in the gym.


So we smoking nigga I'm making money to smoke. I'm making money off this Shit. This my workout. Nigga Know like We getting paid. I'm getting Paid. First of all, I told that nigga tell fifth he do pushups, I Do pushups, I do Pushups. Yeah, No that's crazy. So niggas be like whenever Rich nigga ran. So who Sued? Lemme Tell you. I done see, you know, you know how I know who Be doing that shit. I Can't follow him. He said Nah, I'm not gonna say No. Who the fuck they In The gym? No not Wallow. Nah you know that's wild. Y'all probably had a dude them ush up in my nigga. That's what, That's Wildo murder. Who the fuck say why you eating in the gym?


Hold on man come on man. Murder ain't in the gym. Go sit your dumb ass down somewhere man go to. So Yeah my smoked out the beer pay for it S like Roasted somebody right now if We getting Smoke, I'm making over 20 grand a month just to smoke. So it's like I'm getting paid to do this shit and niggas will be like yo, all them niggas want to do is smoke man. Word. All right. Fifth in the gym. I respect that we could get in the gym too. I respect Fifth Grind. We got our grind too. But my grind might be different than his. You might do cus up but sometimes look What I'm saying, as long as I aint fucking the show up man stop ing My motherfucker fucking weed.


I'm smoking my weed Nigga I be right there. Put your back. Long as everything shake, shake, shake shit making Money Yo talk niggas can say whatever and you Know what they take sometimes yo You 50 hype man yo you should see what the nigga pay from our hotels we in, we in our Monte hotel we going Eiffel Tower. Niggas getting per diem all kind of shit. You and it's like yo niggas be like yo crazy bit. Listen bro you can't put nothing in my brain about none of my niggas man.


Murder my nigga to wrap up That shit off funny games but niggas don't want no real smoke nigga. Niggas chilling. Niggas know what happened if niggas hit That button. He put a disclaimer out there though. That was nice. That's some shit I do. I put the disclaimer out there. Yeah man Gil said that shit but we don't really want, I ain't trying Look for me. Lemme get up outta there for me like don't forget in oh seven my mom's Crip got shut up 20 times over rap b I'm not playing with these niggas fifth not playing with these niggas. The whole thing is we trying to avoid it. We are away from that shit. Niggas got real deals and real shit and every day a nigga going to test you. That's why I don't wanna be around the shit. I wanna go to the nick game. I'm at the Nick game yesterday. Courtside, Nicks beat Milwaukee.


Lilly was going crazy. Everybody but Brunson was going crazy. I'm at the game bench. Stiller there. Shout to my man Dre. We there like we Central C next to me. Yeah I'm look I want to go a game, catch a play, go some band for dinner. Just grown man. You see how you travel? Love to travel. Yeah. Been in Armani hotel. I wanna stay in a Louis Vuitton hotel. They opening in in Paris. Think it's open down. Mm. Know what I'm saying? Like Eiffel Tower going to see Thea Lisa real life shit. Put nigga see the Mona Lisa come on bro. We never thought we'll see that. And then like you said, people know you. So when I meet you and stalks Ben Stiller, They like what's up man To me, yeah the moments to me are crazy for me fast.


You know what I mean? Like how I see y'all, y'all niggas did a dirt interview, dirt locked up. Y'all niggas was dropping juice on Vaughn. Vaughn not here. Y'all niggas was dropping jewels on it. Them shit, you dropping Jews on Kodak. I hope that's it Ko I hope like he really listened Like That shit. I I about y'all on one or another other Like I hope he like a lot niggas. And what I like about y'all is y'all niggas, y'all get y'all back but y'all still love the hood and do shit for the community got, you know what I'm saying? That's what I even though, Even though you went too far at the boxing shit nigga you should have got the story straight first before you kick everybody the fuck out Nigga. No, no, no, no. Okay. Okay. For the, for the record. Right.


Let me explain. Go ahead man. What happened right? I gotta be a devil advocate on this. I'm in the middle. I'm in the middle of a live stream. Right. It's yo yo up. I get a tap on the shoulder. It is des that work for us and it is the head chief of police that's there. Right. They say it's over, it's over. They shutting it down. So What, what fight over what fight was this at though? Listen, listen. Was this like the third fight or Yeah this Like the fifth fight. Only because there was some good fights. I we Only like six, seven fights in. We got 20 something fights. They say this, this the third round.


It's over after this round. Oh shit. So I say what? I take the headphones off. I say what you mean? They say they were shooting at the police outside. Damn. Now once you say that let's be for real. I'm like what? Yeah that's right. We don't even bring that type of crowd out bro. So now I'm like hold on, I gotta get off the live stream yo. Let me go holler at the, I walk over to the cops. What's up? Is there anything? No it's over. It is done. We're done. Mm we're finished. Yeah. Ain't know you could do that after that We're done. Yeah. So I'm like I'm saying all kinds of shit. That shit happened outside. That's why we hired y'all. This ain't got nothing to do with us. The people in here ain't done nothing wrong.


They it is over. It is done. You kept saying that. I said I got a live stream going on. I got thousands of people on my live stream watching you every time. He said the only way we can continue is if you kick the people out of the stands. Damn that was, I said what did the people in the stands do? Facts, they didn't do anything. But in my mind they was shooting outside at the fucking cops so you like fuck all the shit. So as black people, that's on all of us. Gotcha. Right. That's not just on the niggas, that's that's on all of us.


Right. So now I gotta go in the ring and tell everybody in this motherfucker that they gotta go, I'm hot because I'm under the impression that's, I understand that they was shooting at the fucking police outside. Right. So I get in the ring, I tell everybody they gotta leave after everything calm down and we waiting to start the live stream up. They say no the cops made a mistake. They were shouting at the police. That was crazy bro. Bro I got a video. You think the cops purposely did That shit bro. I got a video in my phone. That's what, that's crazy bro. Right now that I can show y'all. They were shouting at that. I'm after they came up and told me that I'm losing my fucking mind on the police.


I believe you because y'all, y'all had a big event Because why? Fuck I always had my money on me buying meatball Kick anybody out the arena. And then second of all, why why would you tell me that the fight is over? It is done. Because some niggas was shouting at the police outside but but are you sure? They said don't even make You sure they said shooting. Did you or or did you think you hear that? You heard shooting? What if they said shouting that you thought You heard shooting. Oh let ask you did you think about that on some else Shit. Okay, lemme ask you this question. Why in a million years I paid the police for team. Why would you come beef for me About some nigga shouting? Why would you come tell me I'm on a live stream.


It working for me. Whatcha talking about I'm on a live stream? Oh we just threw a hook. He just got here with a jab. Oh he about to go to sleep. Why would you come tell me that shouting is over. It's done. This is the last round. It's done because some niggas shouting. Shouting new bro got do the next one in New York bro. All right, got you. Because once you, that don't even make sense. That don't make no sense. Y'all had a packed house. Good point. Y'all had good crazy, I had good lineups yo. I had my money on meatball. Dk like DK would look like Tyson. Yeah, he like baby Tyson. That makes No sense bro. I like Meatball too. You tell No joke you shut my down because Y'all niggas had Was they said live the Police Outside bro.


Got That's crazy. Got you. I know what them people said bro. Because they had the, the, the the cops that's above everybody. He came down there murder. You know if you paid him that much money you gonna know what the nigga said said pay a nigga 14,000. Nigga. He said shooting nigga. He Said shooting nigga. And that's why Yvette had to get shut Down. But yo, the next one Is gonna be crazy though. Understand. And then you gotta understand this. That's the main thing though. It's coming. The next one y'all. It's Gonna be ridiculous. It's gonna be ridiculous. And you gotta understand because I wanna make sure I catch Up. From the time the doors opened they had a fucking canine dog inside the venue barking at niggas Man. Yeah. How it made people feel uncomfortable. That's not right. Got you. This is not the fucking sixties.


Got you. That shit in Atlantic City. So Man what the fuck They literally they got a fucking canine in the fucking venue. That's crazy. Walk people walking in the canine and that's what for, That's Crazy bro. Like this the fucking sixties or something. Disrespectful. That's crazy. Y'all had a full venue. That's crazy disrespectful. People don't understand wallow GILLIE. How, how hard it is to Sell out venue, pack out them venues nigga Shit. You know what I mean? If you doing House of Blues and Clubs it's cool. Like we spoke earlier, there's levels. There's levels. I'm doing clubs And all that and I'm good with the money. Niggas pay me. I'm going to Switzerland and Germany about to leave Thursday. You cool? I'm cool with that fifties doing arenas.


They going to pay him way more. You know His levels do and it's cool when you understand that's fact Y'all Historic 'cause y'all filled, y'all had to pay-per-view deal and y'all niggas had a full house. Right. And niggas was tapped in. 'cause y'all niggas are so entertaining. Y'all deserve y'all flowers. Thank You brother. But you know what's crazy About Not for real bro. You know what's crazy Did 20 years bro to come home and be able to fly where you wanna fly? Go where you want to go. Yeah, wherever I want to go. That's all I'm happy. I don't ever kid who got more money. Deffinitely a blueprint for niggas that's coming home. You do. And trying to figure it out real. You know what I saying? If you have more money than me, I'm cool. But you say yo. Yeah you know I'm put you on the game.


This is how you and murder start y'all podcast. Right. I'm gonna put Y all on. Yeah we give you a p. All right. Yo you put me on forever Loyal. That's just, well One thing about you, you a loyal nigga Because I'm good with yo. Once my sprinklers came out the ground, I'm from the hood Shit. But you know what, you know what's crazy? That's funny. Yeah, The sprinklers that was on the ground, my shit Came out the ground once, once And this is like oh five so I'm bugging off this shit like yo, I went to jail 50 shit took off. Banks taking off. He can't see me with Matt jewelry on. I'm tripping like damn this shit really happened. 'cause I remember fifth being in the crib get Richard Dye trying, niggas coming in, he playing shit. He like yo that shit, that shit.


All right. See how you push your daughter shit. Some shit with some pc. Your daughter shit fired by the way too. No, but look, people will come in the the crib and I heard him play get Richard do train and niggas would be like mini man and niggas be like Y shit was All right. What 15 Even like mini men nigga come in the crib. Shit was All right. He playing get Richard Dorine. I'm like nigga this the best music. This nigga liked the Barber one of the first niggas fuck. He like oh this nigga got some this shit fire niggas ain't believe I was in the studio with Dr. Dre first time ever leaving the hood. Fifth had us in la. We smoking that Guido. I'm in the studio with Dr. Dre bugging you like oh shit.


So all the dream, This Shit Kanye West coming, that motherfucker 50 fuck is this nigga. Man that shit was Kanye West. You know what I Amm saying yo. What did you say? He like yo West let me get a picture Man 50 beating up Ja Rule Atlanta you 50 bucks. I didn ain't even Know Kanye West at that time man shit he talking about 50 beat up Ja Rule in Atlanta. Crazy man. He said hold up, go back to that part. You gonna tell me no Kanye at the time I'm telling you man he did no Kanye. I got historic stories.


T know what happened man 50 beat up Ja Rule in Atlanta like he Was there. Rest In peace to Chaz. I know Fifth ain't really fucked with him like that many man Slim Swiss side to me. Me, I'm just truthful like real street shit. Yeah but tell y'all 'cause y'all street show. That's why I fuck with y'all. But like Ja rule and them we there Chaz did Chaz like go in the hotel? Yeah it was so good. All right cool. Ja rule there this after 50 got married. I don't believe you black child and them there nigga fifth K. That nigga So look can't I'm not a rapper rap shit Along for the Ride shit.


Paul look any rapper. No you wait, wait how did a nigga run? What nigga run up and say murder? Murder? I'm the hood. I, I'm still make my Phone was still ringing nigga I had sp on my phone. I ain't know nothing about this rap shit. So he said that what happened? Look Chaz rest in Peaces. Chaz you know him fifth hold up Cha. So Finn punched him in the face before he said murder or after he Said murder. I didn't see everything Chasy. Yo go by the elevator. Yo you good? This old you go by the elevator. It's when Chaz look, Preme is managing Ja ru Chaz is managing 50 in this black hand in the gym.


Same building. So 50 had the murder. I don't believe you 'cause my son Troy, well it was really 50 something. Troy he robbed Ja ru for, I forgot what chain was it? The low bullshit guitar. He had little bullshit guitar. When you look at it now that shit fifth new Troy. That's how the whole shit started f seeing the place da da da feeling you past the weed too. Yo. Yo. He the weed. You smoked the whole weed man. Like I Brooklyn nigga hear that nigga ain't right.


He smoked Blunt Hollywood. Yeah Man. Oh so look I do some promoting for my new now this Atlanta. Yo look this before Ludas even on yo. Yeah dude Radio Quick Man Lu Ludas a Dkng. Right. Look Luda Luda was a Dkng personality or something. Yeah the radio. I ain't even worried we out there. You know who we with. We was shocker. Shout out to Shock his dude brother was at Columbia early with 50. Yeah because remember I was going to Columbia when 50 was gonna Columbia and shit. You know what I'm saying? So what happened? So we go somehow Ja rule going to be there. Whatever. We at the same hotel Chaz there pre managing Ja Rule, you know what I'm saying? Chaz manager 50. Chaz like yo ain't nothing going happen Chaz.


You know you niggas rob banks And all that shit back there you go so cold. You know what I'm saying? So nigga Chaz you know man your 50 Yeah go in there. Don't worry about it. Boom. Know what I'm saying? 50 out there Dolo dolo black child, all them niggas there. Whoever like three, four nigga I'm saying nigga box like you hit him B oh shit Him. Damn he he left handed at South Paw. I'm a South Paw. That's how 50. That's nigga always catch me. So what did you Do? Was You there? Look nigga I was in the building. I'm trying to tell You Don I'm trying to amp it up while I I'm just asking what'd you do? I told you Chance said go to the How you see it, how you see it Like chill nigga chill nigga chill nigga Cha Somebody fifth was somebody Chaz said yo not go the elevator ain't gonna be nothing.


I'm thinking Ja rule and them niggas ain't going to do nothing 'cause Chaz did Boom. So niggas shot to front off 50. All I know B 50 catchers so cold. The left South P left That left shit always fucking nigga ahead up because the nigga would come with the right. That's how 50 always knocked niggas out on the hood 'cause he was left handed. So I seen Miss a million times. I seen this story a million times. Look fifth fucked up mad niggas in the huddle like 10 and old because he was left handed. I tell you run around the project, he got the suit on. He was smoking 40 ounces. Well Yeah Some niggas wasn't working, he wasn't Ready. Ja ru murder that nigga eyes.


Yeah I can't fuck with this nigga. I can't fuck with this. So we in the telling now look we in the telling Because fifth of Grimy nineties nigga fifth grimy. So look fifth catch him. Swear to God when he in the lobby it's like the nigga eyes growing murder, his eyes just growing his, he got a black eye. He got a cookie coming in that shit. Yeah like he came in the hotel with a cookie. So I'm like yo what the fuck Niggas throwing garbage out But he like bad far away. Huh? So we get in the elevator and that's when Fifth showed the little chain that was in Ster Little Cross. He go look what I got. Nigga got the nigga a piece.


So he snuffed him and ya them Ja rule them niggas been pussy son. Dang. Damn. Like think about it. Who knew Irv Gotti like we was outside. Like when GR asked Vic was outside 40 projects Baisley 'cause fit Fuck with just more than he fuck with Preem. Like niggas knew Black just I'm on the block black just bring Nas up there. Nah shoot hate me Now we on Farmers, we shoot that shit with Diddy. We outside 50 16, 17 Witha Benzs like fucking with Black Justice yo. Y'all always there for the Hate Me Now video. Yeah Nigga that shit was on Farmer Boulevard on something. Did did did you get a picture with Puffy that day like Diddy nigga come On stop playing. No he came through the hood. Did he came through the, I would've took other like did he like that nigga did you take a picture with Puff that day nigga?


I don Did. Like I just, you know what I just yo yo I'm just asking. Yeah yo Responses be legend. You never been, You know what time ain't with nobody. Y'all niggas act like we ain't had beef with everybody. Like stop it. Y'all niggas know the But did he go to a party? Was he at the party? I don't know if he went to daddy's house or none of that shit. I don know about are you pointed to me? No I'm just asking because you the fuck outta here nigga fuck on nigga. No because he said you might have been to a party on The place. Nah, nah he was at to hate me Now said you heard that nigga Remember was think about G Yoyo was the nigga talking the most.


Shit he was, look Daleo was on some crazy shit. Banks was lyrical. That's my nigga. He'll say shit once in a while in the battle Buck was out of town and game was out of town. Hey He talking about hear the story. So Will the drama went to you? My Crip, my mom's Crips getting shot up 22 times. Anytime I hear the stories though, they be saying like the only niggas that wasn't scared of like Preme was 50 and what's my man name E-Money bags Troy Ho. But a lot of niggas was scared of Preme, you know What I'm saying? I mean see I seen a lot of couple documentaries. Dark-skinned nigga with green eyes. A lot of niggas like the nigga just dark-skinned nigga with green eyes and like niggas he had respect. But Like I said, one day it was the nigga pre came to the block.


I think that might have been the day just brung eyes up there. Fifth the nigga tried to Palm fifth Head Fifth Palm his head and he like, oh fifth was always a dumb out. You know what I'm saying? His moms was getting money with Kat in the back in the days. So like Fifth was a nigga that was just, he had the block. He was a nigga that was out at 12 when niggas was out at 16. So When they grabbed you jumping? I'm Out at 16, I'm Out at 16, he out at 12. Know what I'm saying? That was kind of the difference. No did, did did, did they start mixing after they they head on? He grabbed fifth V fifth Hold it. Nah pre you could tell Preem ain't like that shit. And that's where it Started. This niggas is made men so niggas is like, you know Who, why he threw he kaon a nigga head though.


What kind of shit was that? I don, I don't like is that some New York shit like you little one niggas Son of the nigga Trying to big homie nigga on some like Niggas ain't my Little man type shit. Oh so for 50 grab it back. That was wow back his head Back. It was like oh shit, you know what I'm saying? Poor no Diddy and I don't be trying to but Like I don't, I was outside nigga I was in them house parties back in the days. Queens, Brooklyn you used to dance in? I That was you was dancing. I was In jail, nigga Was dancing house. I swear to God you can ask anybody in Queens rest in peace my nigga Fa shot.


My best friend was a Dkng. So all the hole in the world parties, Rockaway Boulevard, Queens, this Ian, Missouri nigga they just 11 people just got shot in Queens. Hey listen, not trying to glorify it, you know what's crazy but we was there like them hole in the wo party. Yeah we was there When nigga look before, I'm talking about when DJs had crates. Nigga you ever seen a party, you ever been to a party with your man and Dkng the party gets shot up and we gotta still help him carry out Crate a living crates rest in peace my nigga Fat Sha. That's the era I'm from nigga. No, but listen, going to Jamaica Avenue. Lemme, what was your favorite mix tape back in the days? Who was your favorite? And I'm gonna ask both of y'all this. Who was y'all? 'cause this a hip hop question.


Who used to when you go to the Bootlegger? 'cause y'all had bootleggers out. We had 'em Here. What tape? What was y'all favorite Dkng besides before Clue? No you can't say that because every city had their, we had, we had Jones. We had Jones. So who y'all had Cosmic Kev. Cosmic Kev. We had different Jones in Philly. So you can't like, like Clue and them Came later. Cosmic Kev was no, no listen before like he was doing Blend and shit like that. No listen. Yeah. You remember when you, remember when the bootleggers started it? It was from a local scene to where it was all over the country. So they had the same tapes When that motherfucking clue what was the Lumina? Lumina, what was the name of the desert Storm tape came out. It was over. That was the shit that Desert Storm the first one. But you gotta understand Clue was just playing exclusives.


I was fucking with tapes since blends. Oh yeah. Like grandma masturbate But everybody played Blend. Oh no I wasn't fucking with him tape. No he don't know that. But every, every city he had DJs that play blends. But the whole twist is too deep. The reason I, yeah he got too deep. The reason I, the reason I asked you about the dancing. So You don't remember Ron G number 10 back in the day? Yeah right. That Was a classic. Fuck. Listen, listen, Listen Man listen Young Tell me New York different bro. I'm from Philly bro. Yeah, yeah we from New York but y nigga Y niggas eat chopped up hamburgers man. What are you talking about? Philly cheese, chopped cheese better than the Philly cheese. Listen this little twist come on. The whole thing is I'm asking them that because young boy told me, he said man y'all always was nutty as shit back then. I said he said y'all should go to parties and dance.


I said n that's what you supposed To do. Yo. Let me ask you a question. If you back days, niggas did do that though. Look, you know I don You know about G number 10. What rapper from the Bronx was like one of the first niggas to this West coast. Tim Dogg. Fuck Compton. I like I'm a legend man. I fuck With you. I'm a legend. You know Look he Confused. That's what I do. I fuck with you. Tim Dogg was a legend from, He went crazy was the first nigga to this the west coast. Like that was on wrong G number 10. And not just 'cause the tape was crazy but wrong G. That he said fuck He from Harlem, He from Queens Wrong. G number 10 was a classic on Jamaica album. Nate do No Tim Dogg was a motherfucker Wearing when I met your last night before you opened up your Gap.


That was the first Nigga West. I had respect for you Lady. Now I take it all back because you gave me your your pussy Go remix And you even lick my balls Missionary out now get Snoop album, let's go Give that new Snoop missionary and I promise baby I'll give you a call. Let's go. You fucked that up though. It was some more words. That was more nigga off that GILLIE walker.


He just cuts you short Mix your shit. So listen, where y'all coming out with a tape? I know y'all putting a tape out. Come on Man. I actually got a project about to drop right quick Called why I not doing it? Join Kevin up we we got that too. But we actually, I'm about to drop a video with me and him. Okay. We actually shot some shit in Romania. Shout out here. Yeah we was out there. You should name your Tape. Ducking celebrities Duck Celebrity. I ain't ducking. I'm outside. I'm heavy. I'm out one Say after Empire we dropping murder. He wrote dropping in. Yo, let's get back to this dude. Why they fuck with you Murder He from Brooklyn. What's going yo, he Brooklyn Duck ducking duck.


A celebrities value one. Damn. That's how y'all failed. That's how y'all fail. That's how y'all Because she dis stole the motherfucker first. Listen, listen Lemme tell you know none the real shit though. Oh My God. A lot of these dudes I diss. I see them. You know that Like I see these guys it's no I really see them in their life. Who did you dis Though? The first, whoever, Whoever Am I I didn. I don't feel like you dis niggas. You just At the end of the day. Yeah I don't Nigga don't wanna hear Punch in. You ran on your homies. I You gotta be mad at the same room. You gotta be mad at Hollywood unlocked. You got be mad at all these blocks too. You got to be mad at all of Them. Do you? The first, the first, the first.


The first single beefing up my security. Yo. I told you all securities For him. Man, Self, all the security for murder. Listen man, Listen Man Listen man these niggas don't be mad. I see all these niggas man. They don't be mad man. You don't be mad. Nah, I see everybody. It don't be no issues. You Know who this guy friends is man. Who? No. You know what's so crazy. Who is friends? Shelter Chef G. Sleepy Hollow. Oh yeah. Say no more. He's gonna be All right. Hey listen, Shout to tell you in winner circle and I'ma tell you Brooklyn. Yes. Lemme tell you they not gonna step to murder 'cause they know dangerous. And then he got 50 behind him.


Nigga buying cribs. Nigga got a glass wall in this crib. What kind of shit is that? We had house walls like niggas talking about clothes. 50 kids drives, niggas can't drive. Niggas have house walls. This nigga got a glass wall in this crib. What the fuck is going on drapes? I'm not spending four. You spent 4,000 just to make the, what you spend 5,010, 10,000. 10,000. 10,000 for automatic drapes. Yo still still doing with his hands. You know what I'm saying? He got glass wall. I'm nah, I don't wanna do no touching. That's what I'm trying to say. They gotta be. That's what I like about y'all. Niggas gotta grow up. We gotta grow up as rappers in same as keep this young That built the playhouse for my kids.


We ain't worried about Drip. That's what they got for Christmas. A playhouse we just Turn, we just turn spots A playhouse. You ain't worried about Drip. Y'all niggas ain't worried about Drip. Never I I see y'all on the show. I ain't worried y'all gotta get this once in a while you buy a little coat or whatever you treat yourself. Yeah it's cool Little watch it, whatever. But niggas worried about real estate real shit. So I'm seeing fifth buying the whole street port downtown and nigga's like 50 K dress they can dress. You think That's crazy? That shit was crazy. That shit you like almost 50 years old and we worried about drip. Damn. That's crazy. That's what's that called? Era mixing. We era mixing young mix you era mixing.


Damn that's crazy. Crazy. Put that out there. Era mixing. Era mixing. Yeah you four 50 you worried about drip. Nigga can't dress. This nigga buying half the city. We era mix real shit though. Real Shit yo. This nigga mix real shit out. See how the fake Y niggas ain't worried about that shit. Worried about you might buy a watch but the fake watch was really fake for your birthday. Yeah that was, that's when I was just came 50 Fired niggas, niggas would send them home. 50 some Louis And all that Deliver That for Christmas. Did Send them home. It was really a fake watch. That was the beginning.


That's when I first came home. Mad Cars Lambo. No that's when I first home. That was when I first came home though. No, I see what like Lambos And all kind nice shit. Nigga fake you deserve it though. But that When I first came home, nigga Was laughing. He said all the rappers do that. No they don't. Yes They do. Oh no they don't. I ain't saying all but Or something. Yo look that was like against G and their religion. Like don't buy no fake Watch. No that's that. Y'all GA lot of dudes is not getting money In rap. Nah nigga. You know what it is. New York. New York. Niggas could tell so fake you can't do that. You can't buy so fake in New York. You can't do that. You got little niggas with Richard Mills now. Them shit's real. Like niggas are going to go out they way to go buy it. I think a nigga buy Richard Mill before he buy a house. Being a real Motherfucker, you shouldn't want to wear no fake shit.


Like how you even feel. But can I say this fake, can I say this? Can I just, can I say this? Just don't Even put it on. Don't just don't put it on. Can I say this? A lot of motherfuckers ain't real. You right About that. Nah, niggas is buying real shit. No you Right. You right about that shit. Yo niggas, young niggas right now go buy Richard Mill before they go buy a house. Oh yeah. Like yo, I could put 80,000, a hundred thousand down on the crib. Nigga go go get that Richard Mail dog York at the Richard. Think about it. Chrome Heart's 10,000. I buy a pair of them shits. I'm wearing that shit for two fucking months, Gil. Wow. Two months Chrome hearts shit's $10,000 jeans Two months. Two years, nigga two Years.


What fuck is he talking me about Two years, 10 grand for some jeans. Think about it. But I'm never wearing them because I ain't purchasing them. Never. I got on some Nike Swiss heads right now on The winter that shit man. That's why when you be around a nigga like 50, your Man I got Nike Swiss sweatpants on. Nigga said, I'm cool, I'm comfortable and I'm wearing This nigga, look, this nigga bought the house. He'd be like, fuck Drip. I'm wearing black tees. He Supposed to look, you could live with him every day. Ain. Activate the jury better. Real, don't talk man. But I tell you one thing you wanna, when we start talking about certain shit, like All right, how much crypto you got nigga? Yeah, all that. Oh I got, oh I got a bunch of Bitcoins.


I got a bunch of Ethereum. I'm, I'm all in that crypto shit. I got a bunch of CB new, all that shit. All that shit. And I've been in it for years now. I'm talking about damn near 10 years and better. But This is what, understand a lot of motherfuckers wake up and get dressed and fully design the shit to go nowhere. Nowhere. Listen here to whistling. We gotta you not doing or be around other niggas. Yeah. Don't forget about we gotta do that or be around other niggas. You ain't got no you ain't. You See that We gotta do that too. You ain't Got no motherfucking hoes. You ain't, you ain't seeing no bitches. Y Niggas care about real estate. Look, look what y'all got right here bro. You just showed me some smart shit man. We to the age where we gotta grow up. Everything gotta be smart. Look the rap look streets in the industry.


It keep you young niggas in the street. Sometimes it keep you young but you gotta realize your age like yo bro, we talking about drip or real estate. Yeah we talking about houses 'cause 50 told us to get houses in oh 5 0 4 like yo buy a house. Don't you get that lump sum. Go get that. Yeah. Did we od sometimes I'm like damn, I wish I would've spent 500 than spend in a mill. That's the only thing. 'cause fifth was busy, he was too busy, shy money, he was cool with shit but he was too busy. Yeah like shit changed. Yeah Like I came home shy money girl turned into a real estate agent. 50 baby moms turned into a real estate agent.


I wasn't thinking, you know, so when Shy when I bought my house shot money, baby mom's was the real estate agent. Whoa. So she made money off of it. I didn't know what it was. Yeah. So at that time I think, I'm not saying it was nothing bad 'cause I love my house. Yeah. But I think I would've went cheaper. I might went of mine not win a mill fifth banks went 1.5. Know what I'm saying? We win a mill. So it's like it's different. Like that whole thing is like if you could rewind time you be like yo damn I would've made yeah. Better decisions with certain shit. Instead of getting house for a mail, mail ticket. I think representation should have probably said yo get something for 500, 400. 'cause you could straight earn 'cause the money was there.


Right. Instead of going for something for 1.52 million. Yeah we hood niggas that didn't know nothing you snapped out. You know what I'm saying? Ain't know nothing about real estate taxes and that's how the average nigga Look how much that nigga grew though. He ask y'all a question man what's up? What's up man y'all letting Knox back in the CL bro. What you say? I ain't even hear yourself fifth. Your man fifth row with an I in fist. Y'all letting Knox back in the gang man. Y'all know that's family man. Yo Listen man, yo, yo, one thing about 50 CENT is you could never show no weakness to that nigga. Oh shit. Damn. Like God. It's just certain niggas are just like that. He's one of them niggas so I, I fuck with Nas but once you show that point of weakness, shit, nah nigga ain't fucking with you.


Shit. Like when Young Buck, that's my nigga. I fucking love Buck. I never stepped on his neck when anything went wrong with him. Once you cry the 50, that's a no go. I don't care if you on your last dime, don't cry on the phone to 50 Or start playing with niggas and shit. Stop playing with your shit tank. You know how that ain certain niggas you can't show Did you, who the fuck No weakness Nigga? What you mean with like crowd on the phone? What you Talking about? No, I'm talking about like back in the days when Oh this a private conversation Back. Yeah. Remember Fifth had him on the phone and nigga was crying but and That was on the internet? Yeah. Back in the days. Yeah. Oh nah I ain't, I don, I ain't never knew nothing About that. Oh yeah. That shit was a long time ago. Oh. You know Fifth had mad he done Beef of World so What, what, what, what he was crying about though?


I think 50 paid his taxes some shit back and forth type shit. Right. Like crying like man I fuck with you, You don fuck with me type of shit. I'm Sorry you don't, you got, you don't. Oh You don't remember that shit? I don't. I Yeah he was like, I'm sorry I didn't, I'm think it's a private conversation that you break into the internet so I'm like no, No it was something that was out years ago. Oh. I thought y'all, y'all probably don't remember it 'cause you know I'm a part of the group so. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know a lot of the history. Yeah. Yeah. But Buck was on the phone. 50 recorded the nigga and the nigga was Like, I'm sorry. You know what I'm saying? See Some, I don be thinking that'd be 50. I'll be thinking that's Boo Booo. Yeah. Might Be. I told 50. I said 50 is a when I was in street port. Yeah. 50 man You said what?


I told Oh you what? I said boo boo the street man. I said 50 is a good nigga Boo boo nigga that be on the Bullshit. Nah, but I think, I think in this game when you, when you showed niggas your teeth too much. Yeah I think they try to get over on you and 50 Realize that a long time ago. Yeah. 'cause niggas will try to steal your money, set you up, all kinds of shit. That's just just how it is. Yeah. Not saying everybody, but just saying in general, How was the G unit? How many people I knew how many artists it was but how many people was running the label with y'all? Like how, how many, how many staff members y'all had? 'cause it seemed like y'all was some, I mean we had back rest in Peace Chris Lighty. We had Chris Lighty.


That's why Fifth always say we were spoiled 'cause we had Violator and we had G Unit. Yeah. So we had a Staff Edge unit then we had Chris Lighty. Yeah Chris Lighty and Mike Lighty And all them niggas, they knew what they was doing was they was genius. Genius. So think about it. Yeah. So think about all the success that came out of Violator, right? Yeah. So you look at Chris Lighty, you had Chris Lighty, Mike Lighty, you had Mona Scott Love Hip Hop, you had Claudine that was working with ll. It's had you had James Cruise, he was working with Diddy 50. Always Wild on James Cruise. He always wild on that nigga. You had James Cruise that was working with with him. You know what I'm saying? We're working with. So for me, my good old days was we had Junior and we had violated.


See the respect I think Fifth had for murder was even though Murder didn't sign with us back in the days. I don't know who he went with. What happened with who? What label? I don't know. I Think he thought he was 50 CENT at that time. He thought did He Thought he was 50 CENT. Throw that joint Up. I'm not gonna lie. Fuck out nigga. You know what I look I ain't gonna fuck up. You know what, it's, I had a meeting right. I had, I had a meeting with Chris Lighty with 50. I had a meeting, I met with Chris Lighty 'cause Chris Lighty was managing me at the time and he brought us up there. I didn't have, I didn't have no idea the nigga 50 was gonna be at the meeting and the nigga 50 just walks in the meeting as I'm there with the nigga that work. Yeah, I'm, I'm in there with Chris Light nigga fifth just walking into me like something Yeah, we gotta Take your shit Real quick.


Yeah, you definitely do. Number two, motherfucker bring the, bring the double blind all with the spray the nigga Fifth Wa the nigga Fifth walk the meeting. Well I'm just like, yo, what's up nigga? You looking for a record deal Chris Light not even in the room yet. We like, huh? Like you looking for a record deal when we a little standoffish because I used to be saying things about him and the music, you know I was just on my pop shit. So you Ain't know if he was on some bullshit or I ain't know. I didn't know if it was on some bullshit. I'm like, this nigga probably trying to sign me and do some bullshit is what I really was thinking. I'm like man fifth wants some bullshit. So he, he walking to me and I'm a little defensive. So he just did, he kicking it and then Chris Lighty walking like, oh man, the bad guys done met.


And fifth like man, your man don't get it. And it was a question Fifth said, he asked, we was in there talking about mad shit. He like, who you think JZ coming to get you nigga? I'm like, me and my niggas like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We think Jay coming. Yeah, we think Jay coming. We, I'm, I'm mad defensive like yeah we think Jay coming. So then he asked us a question. He said, yo, what y think y'all gonna sell? If you was to drop a project right now, what you think you gonna sell Me? And my niggas like, what first week nigga we going to go play nigga this is how we felt at the time because we, we got hot 97 playing our shit. We buzzing, we popping this time. You can't tell tell us nothing. Labels hollering at us to sign us. And we're like, yeah we think we had go gold nigga platinum first week and in fifth Head.


Fifth, fifth head. Yeah, he was in fifth head. He was just looking like, oh okay. He was, he was tripping. And he said that's what made him not do the deal look like he felt like, you know what, because I looked at that time, no matter what I do for you or no matter what I do for you or your niggas, y'all going think that shit was gonna happen anyway because of the way you felt JayZ Starving. You know what I'm saying? So a nigga was like, what JayZ fuck outta here starving. Now we still got, I still got six figures outta Jay now Jay was, I still, I got six figures outta jail. I'm not gonna sit here in front. Like I ain't get No, no. Jay had nigga a good check outta Jay. But did he do anything besides, he like giving Was 4 0 5. We ain't, we ain't do nothing of that. We was gonna do Dubai for rap groups knew what Dubai was nigga. Okay.


Fuckers. You talking about your average rapper ain't even been to nigga we was doing that. What's the hotel? The bird shit look like a sale. Yeah. Tennis McEnroe played on, we was doing that in oh 4 0 5 going in the cell Nelson Mandela was in. You gotta understand how big G Unit it is not only for New York City but outta one of the Biggest Boots in The world. I did drop Let's real Chris Lighty was Mad Emine. Wait, wait, wait. Because Eminem was a white boy and niggas was mad like Benz Zino. 20 years later, Benz Zino the Source magazine. We, we, we, we took empires down when we battled niggas Ru and Ja rule, semi-automatic gunfire. We did that in the day of Eminem studio.


We had Dr. Dre. That shit was a dream come true. And we ain't fuck with no rappers, no diddy parties, no friends. Fuck Are you talking about? Ain't no rapper friends. Why you talking Like I No shit. Like not you. Damn. I ain't do nothing. I just asked you about the Parties Win but murder with the parties. Right. Definitely ain't no fucking Diddy party. Hey, lemme ask you a question. If you could go back in time to that day you was in that motherfucking office, you know what you knew now, would you have won with 50 or would you have won with Jay?


You know what, I would won. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not gonna front I I'm not gonna lie. Right. And I always tell Fifth this, I say you know what things worked out the way it was supposed to because I felt like back then the way me and my niggas was real talk, I felt like we was just feeling myself too much. You know when you young you just feeling everything that you doing at that time. And I felt Like, I felt Like, I felt like our energy at that time Time he was 50 and he no way he was selling. No he he not lying. No I I no Way. Was he selling 11 million? No, no he right. None of 50 nigga wasn't 50 CENT coming outta Brooklyn. He thought he was gonna Sell at that time. No I don, I don't think it would, I think me and my niggas was too cocky.


I think it would've lemme ask nigga A couple of weeks. Where did you say about 50. I said stuff about like he had said fuck New York. I was just saying whatever at the time. Oh yeah I know. Like I I was just saying it was like how I do the wrap up now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've been doing that all type and people don't know I've been popping shit and going crazy like that. That's why Chris Lighty fucked me. Chris Lighty knew. I said things about 50. He told 50. Yo. You were like this nigga we the first thing 50 said right when he walked in the meeting is he had tell you what's up nigga. I heard that. I heard all that shit you said about me. But you know what he said You ain't got no personal beef from me. He said you did the same shit I did. Right. Me coming in the game talking about all these niggas. He said that's the same shit I did and that's why he fucked with a nigga so much at the remind me of shit I did.


Right. You know what I'm saying? It's lonely at the top. I Think it worked out better now. Junior Just was killing everything in New York City mixtape. He thought he Was 50 Neck. He thought race. He thought it was 50. It was impossible. I did. I did. I did. It was Impossible. I did. A Lot of niggas thought they was 50 Man. So lemme ask you Question yo. It was impossible. Wallo. It was impossible. Niggas Is crazy. Hey Shit like Biggie. That was like when 50 came, Juni came. It was like Biggie came back. It was like some real shit. Tell As shit popping nigga. You're like nigga I got Chris White behind me nigga. Nigga I got Flex going crazy on my records nigga Mr. Sea blessed everybody going crazy murder everybody. So lemme ask you a question look of how old was you at The time?


I had so many labels. I was about Like I probably was about shit 25 or some shit like that around that time. So you were a Young nigga. 25. I was young at the time. Lemme ask you a question. So as a young nigga Murder, Look I wouldn't look, look, listen, Listen. Gotta ask this question. As a young nigga 2324, what made you say I'm Uncle Murder. You know why that name where it came from? Yeah. You know I'm saying where really it came from. I ain't gonna find at the time I was on the run for allegedly shooting somebody. Right. So I was on the run at the time and I'll never forget I ran d from Ruff Riders 'cause I had told him I heard the locks on Hot 97 and I ran up to D from Rough Riders, me and my people at the time.


And I was Leslie on the run like damn nigga gotta do something right. Ran the DI spit some shit when I heard the locks on the radio, I spit some shit for them niggas and they like damn this nigga the truth. So I started fucking with D and them at the time. But I told 'em my situation like yo nigga got shot, I might be on the run but by the time I get caught he should probably heal up and I don't think he gonna go to court and snitch on me but right now I gotta be on the low. And they're like, are you serious? Real? I'm like, yeah. They like, yo, we love this nigga. He crazy. Yeah yo damn I fuck with DD Wi they like, they really like crazy shit. Like yo the nigga on the run for a shooting and shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The nigga rap though. Know what I'm saying? I'm gonna this where I need to be.


Right. So, so one time when my uncle who made the beats at the time, my uncle Pete at the time shout out to him. He, he had his kids with us when I meant to go meet d and him and I was staying in his basement at the time. And my name was always Murder. My man used was call me L Murder. It was always murder. But the kids, because I was staying with my uncle, they used to just call me Uncle Murder. So D heard me, he he the kids there, they like yo uncle murder. Uncle murder. He like what the fuck it Uncle Murder. He hear the kids calling me Uncle Murder. He like yo damn yo. I like that yo. That's a little slick name if you should call yourself Uncle Murder because I was just L mur at the time And d actually kind of convinced me from way back then to just run with that whole uncle murder shit from Rapper. Rapper. But you wasn't a young boy like man ain't calling my fucking self uncle.


I did feel like that like uncle. But they was like, you know what, Don't you get Tired, you real Shit. But uncle, Auntie it it Shit, It just played out. S like young niggas do that shit on purpose. I be feeling he never did That. Yo. What up Auntie? Yo. What up? What? Calling My lady auntie for my nigga auntie Some other shit. Just the generation Know that shit. We Never did that to shoot This nigga crazy.


So whatever shit just came Out. Fuck is you calling my bitch I four nigga. Fuck nigga Auntie Like You don get tired of this. These niggas screams. But now that Right. That whole uncle shit came up through D Man I ain't gonna even hold you man. No did he? Yeah you ain't gonna hold me. Nigga Gonna run you off The road Nigga. Puff Puff daddy nigga 18 wheeler gonna run you off the road. Yo Daddy nigga Did he do it? 18 wheeler gonna run that nigga off. This Niggas crazy man. I appreciate y'all niggas for calling us though man.


Y fuck with y'all man. Yeah, I mean this was Man, man appreciate y'all having us man. Man This was some fun shit. This niggas crazy man. No You Crazy. No. Yeah, I ain't gonna lie. I thought yeah yo was gonna fuck you up a couple times bro. I was asking questions. Fuck no man. Can't beat me man. Can't beat me man. About that weed though. He, I was asking him questions Tub he gonna beat while he was worried About him for smoking all the weed. He Smoked all the weed. Smoked like three blunt on Nigga it be my weed. Like I got, you gave me the the the won. He gave me weed too. Nigga put Yours to the last minute He put his pocket.


Yo M saying man Yo Queen niggas, we, we had fruit loose Frosted Flakes. Him and his brother fight over the cereal. Fuck they different. Brooklyn niggas different. Brooklyn did grow. Brooklyn was a little harder. You know the vibe. No What I'm saying we had Fruit Loops, frost Flakes. Well at least we know Queens got the best rappers ever came outta New York. We not gonna say that. We not, we not gonna say that They beat the bro. I'm Brooklyn. Right. Nah, we can, we not gonna say the best. Just because you have the most don't mean it's the best talk They got from start. Did you hear that finish there? I'm not, I'm not arguing him bro. Just 'cause you have the most dont make we have Run Dmc. That's all we needed was Run dmc.


We started it Marley Mall. Who started Def Jam? Marley Mar Mall. Daddy grabbed The Brooklyn niggas. Molly Mall was, What did you saying bro? Where's The nigga from Hip Q? Come on, niggas Don't even know we don't got qt. Look up Mar Mall Bro. They got Q-Tip. Yeah. And GILLIE ain't even Listening. No, I didn't listen to fuck. We don't care. I ain't Mar Mall broke. Big Daddy came nigga. Who was the first rapper of the hip? The hop, the bi bang, the Bronx. That was, what's that me, me number? The Bronx. The Bronx. Bronx. Oh that's from the Bronx. Shout out to the Bronx. They saying the Bronx started here. Bob, I never take that from them with that. But what I'm saying to you, y'all Took that shit over When Big Daddy, what's Rakim from?


Big Daddy came. You about to say Big Daddy came Brooklyn And who bought who put him out. Marm Nigga, Listen man, shout to Big Daddy King and Mar Ball ain't cool G Rapp, it's from Corona. All right, well All right, well you know what Murder he wrote dropping soon. Shout out to Empire Murder. He, I got a new project dropping my guy. Yeah, born there. New project. About to drop rap up out now you know the Vibes Empire. What's up? Murder He wrote, whoa. Ducking celebrities. Volume one coming out on Empire murder. First single beefing up my security. The second single that's coming out. Bulletproof. Bulletproof SUVs.


Bulletproof SUVs. The Third. The third, the third Single Bombproof SUVs. The third single. I don't do parties. Definitely not Diddy parties. There's no Diddy parties. No did parties. Man. It is just Like that. Right?