
Hey Million dollars worth. Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube? Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right?


Listen, we are excited. Yes, we are excited. We got a new presenter sponsor. JACKPOCKET. Yes. One thing about JACKPOCKET, they gonna sock it to your pocket like a rocket if you win. Yes. America's number one lottery app. Yes. I don't care if it's state, I don't care if it's national. Yes. You could play right on your phone with JACKPOCKET. What are you waiting for? Download the app right now. Listen, your first, I'm talking about you're gonna get your first ticket for free. Yep. When you use Code GILLIE. Yep. That's all you gotta do is use Code GILLIE. Let me tell you something. Mega Millions is currently over a half a billion dollars and over $540 million in lottery prizes have already been won on JACKPOCKET. So guess what? We are sock to your pocket with JACKPOCKET. Get down with 'em. Download JACKPOCKET today. Use code GILLIE GILLIE JACKPOCKET America's number one lottery app. Why would you go to anybody else when you could whip your phone out? Oh, whip it. Punch in. Cool. GILLIE. Oh, whip it. Let's get it. What Are you Waiting for? Sock it to your pocket with JACKPOCKET. Right. Gambling problem call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2. Non withdrawable credit prize amount may differ at time of drawings terms. JACKPOCKET dot com slash toss slash free dash ticket promo slash


You're now tuned into me, me, me, me. Min million dollars mworthofgame. Listen man, we got Trey on the Man's. We got TRAE YOUNG here man. Young man. You hear me? Ain't no young about this game though. Gotta be the grown man. you know, the game is crazy You know what I mean. Yeah. And I, you know, from my, me seeing him, I'm saying to myself, ah, I might could get about, I could put about 15 on Trey. Fuck no, I'm just saying I Mike K 'cause I play big, you know, my game is like robbing game my game. More robbing style than his You know what I mean? I gotta worry about my ankles in the process. But if I wrap 'em up properly with Hot Chop, He shifty Shifty. He see he gonna rip your M-C-L-A-C-L whatever L that you got. Yeah.


My ACL already temped. So that's, that's It. I done heard of that All growing Up, man. Yeah. Them old, them older heads always felt like they could, they could take me to the Post. The one ever did. One. Did you ever run into one Oh head that gave you some, gave you some Work? Oh yeah. I've, I've taken, I've taken couple bumps and bruises when I was in middle school, but when I got to high school, college, I was so used to it by then. Like I was playing like in with my dad, like in my dad's league and stuff and just going out there on Sundays and playing. So when I got to high school, college, it was, it was, I was used to it. So Now, now that you in the league Right? And you looking back and you're seeing these NIL deals go down. Yeah. And you like a Lot of money of my college in scoring in assist in the same year.


Imagine what them Kentucky Fried Chicken nis them at and TNIL deals would've been. Yeah. Do you be like, man, I mean, yes and no. Like for me, like I think it was it's pros and cons that come with this NIL stuff. Like you're, you're not necessarily a college kid now. Like I feel like now if you're an athlete and you go to college, especially in these few sports that really get the NIL money, you're like a professional athlete. So it's like they treating it like free agency. If they don't play a lot, they transferring in and out. Like kids don't necessarily, I mean, have that same hunger. I feel like for me, like in kids in my class and even younger, younger generation players, like I feel like we were just fighting to get to the lead to, to get that, you know what I'm saying?


Right. To get that generational wealth and to, to achieve our dreams and play in the NBA. We weren't focused on money in, in college 'cause we knew we worked our ass off that one day it was gonna come regardless. So I mean there's pros and cons. I mean, for me, of course I wish I would've had some NIL more money, but I think it was kind of good that I, I didn't, I only had to be there six months, you know what I'm saying? So Do you think it's some players who are projected to go to the league and probably would go to the league, but the NIL money is going to slow some of them down For Sure. Because I feel like now kids are going to choose the money instead of, I mean, what school fits them best to, to ultimately help them achieve their dreams to get into the NBA.


Okay. Because I feel like now, like now like kids are probably asking these coaches, what can you, like the coaches are probably running down what they can do for 'em on the court and all these things, but then at the end of the conversations they probably asking them, Hey, so so what's the money part? Like what's, so what's the, the real thing? And I feel like maybe kids like they just don't understand that. I mean, I said this the other day, like I feel like, I mean kids don't understand we making 10 x times the money that they're making in college. So like if you just sacrifice the mindset of just wanting to get this money now and sacrifice and, and make sure you're, you're LA into your craft and all this stuff and understanding the money's gonna come, then it's gonna flow in even more later on.


And you're still gonna get money now with the NIL deals now. But it's, it may not be their main focus and which is a good thing. So do you think it bring jealousy? Hold on, I'm gonna let you get one off. I just wanna ask you this question. Do you think it bring jealousy in a locker room because okay, you was a five star athlete coming out of high school, right? I was a three and a half star athlete. Right. We ended up at the same college. You got a shit load of NIL money. But I'm performing better For Sure. So do you think 'cause it'd be a little jealousy in some NBA in some professional football locker rooms when it's like, oh, he got paid, he got paid, he got blah, blah, I can't get paid. Yeah. So, you know, do you think like at the college level in these as kids Yeah.


These ain't even, they ain't even stepped into the grown man understand business, do you think it it, it bring jealousy in some locker rooms? For Sure. For sure. And I feel like, just like in NBA level, the, the teams that have the kids that understand that when we, when we win, everybody eats mentality and is not focused on being jealous 'cause they understand the best player gonna get paid more than the the the last guy coming off the bench. I mean the teams that understand that, I mean are gonna ultimately win. I mean you look at UConn with Danny, Dan Hurley o obviously NIL just kind of started the last couple years. But the way they went back to back championships in college, I mean those guys bought into the system.


They had a lot of guys that played, they had a couple top 10 draft picks and now they're in the league. So it's like, I mean the teams that really buy into just winning are gonna be the ones that succeed at, at that level. Just like NBA. What do you feel like, do you feel that a lot of players are gonna miss, they're gonna miss out on great coaches and great programmers and the growth based off of the money play. Because some of these schools, they might don't have it. Like, you know, everybody got some money, but they, they might can't, you might get outbid it, but the school you might go to, the coaches might not be as invested, the program, the strength team, the whole coaching staff might not be as invested as could really take your game to the next level where you could be, the money could be way more different and the position that you go when you get drafted could be more different.


For sure. And that's why I feel like the, the, the ones that sacrifice on making sure that they pick the right school for the, on the court reasons and the, the, the reason that's gonna give you the, the longevity of a career and the NBA career, like you said, the coaches, the, the development level, I mean all that, the money and stuff's gonna take care of itself in the long run. So I feel like the ones, like you said, that that take care of that first is gonna be the ones that succeed Because you see some coaches like, like if I'm a player, I'm going, I'm, you know, I, you know, I just think about it like this. If I'm, you know, I mess my ACL if I would've been going to C Hall a bunch of schools back in the day. Yeah. But that's another story. Penn State wanted me C Hall, UCLA, it was a bunch.


But When I look at coaching, I'm just seeing, like for me, when you look at coaches in, in, in college, I think of people like John Ca Perry and all them. Whereas though your record, your track record of getting bull to the league is on the next level. So I'm looking at him, you know, damn, maybe I might go to Arkansas, maybe I'm and other coaches that did the same thing. I'm looking to see like, damn, I gotta go to the places where as though it's like the coaches, they gotta, before the money they was getting you pushing people through. Oh yeah. And you might gotta deal with some, some discipline. Yeah. And it's like, damn, I hope this money don't take away the discipline now because like I don't want to hear it. I get in the pool. Fuck You know what I mean. No, definitely. I mean I've, I've had Cal Cal sat on my couch recruiting me like, like I've been on visits to Kentucky.


Yeah. Like he, he's no joke. Like he, he gets guys to the league, but if you go to his practice, you understand why like he's on his players, they, they don't take no relaxed days. Like they don't allow girls in their dorm rooms. Yeah. Like they're strict there. Like it's, it's a different level. So obviously this money is different because now like these kids feel like, okay, if if I'm not getting paid enough and I'm not getting shown enough here somewhere else can pay me more and they can, I can be on, on the court more. So that may help me get to the league. When in reality you bouncing around in different schools is not a good look for you try and get to the league anyway. So, I mean it's gonna hurt some of these kids, but the ones that like I said are gonna go far, the ones that are gonna remember and listen to the guys that's been there before.


And especially guys like Kyle, like Coach Self and all these guys and some of the best coaches are able to adjust to NIL too, but understand what it takes to get to this level. So What, what, what percentage, now I'm talking about the league, the big league, what percentage when it comes, when you stepping on that court, what percentages is skill and what percentage is heart when you getting on the court? Because I be, we be, I be running into players. I, you know, it, it is easy looking at it on tv, but when you see a player you be like, damn, I thought he was, he's a killer like that. How the, so what percentage is heart and what percentage of skill would be dominant in the NBA?


Mm. What's, what's your definition of heart? Because I mean I, a lot of people ai Yeah, he's little but he got heart. Yeah. Part of a line. He going at anybody. Yeah. It, it's that killer instinct that you have. I don't care how big you, who you is because then you will see somebody that's Rick Brunson. Yeah. You see somebody Ray young, Ja Marin, you want me to tell you Damien little? That's, that's what heart is. No. So, because you'll see a player big, but, and I'm not saying it the wrong way. You would see him and he'd be like, he don't do shit. He's just big for nothing. Nah. If he's scared, he's soft for the soft, for the drugstore cotton. Hey, I, I used to have this saying I used to hate when I used to see guys that's tall and that's all, you know what I'm saying? Tall and that's All, that's what I'm saying.


They just out there, they tall and that's all. And they can, they can finish and do all this stuff. And I mean, if I was six eight, like I, I feel like I would be the best player to ever play this game just 'cause of my mentality and the, the, the way I play just the, just the smartness I have on this game. Like, I feel like there's a lot I can bring, but there's a lot of deficiencies. 'cause like I'm 6 2, 6 1. Like it's, it's, it's tough. I'm playing in a, in a big man's game. you know what I'm saying? So yeah, I mean I don't, I don't know like the percentages for me, I think it varies. 'cause like, I mean you say it's and skill, skill specific me, for me, like it's a lot of his skill.


I mean a lot of it's skill, but a lot of it's heart. You know what I'm saying? But a lot of guys, it is different. you know what I'm saying? It's not the same bar for everybody. But I mean, I think it, it is more, I mean a lot of guys are skilled. You gotta be able to be skilled playing the league. So I mean it's, it is more than 50%. But I mean, you gotta have heart too to be at this level and be playing. I mean a lot of guys on the bench, I don't know how you can rate their heart, but on the court, a lot of guys got a lot of heart For sure. Well, but, but I'm trying to figure out, you know, where do yours come from? 'cause I seen you come to Philly and you put an extra crack in the Liberty Bell a couple years ago. Yeah. And I ain't appreciate that shit. You Put an extra crack in the Liberty Bell in Philly. I'm like, he came in there, you snapped out. So, so, so where do you, where do you get that? Where did that come from?


Who, how was that dog? How was that dog a piece of shit for bringing, I had to bring it up. He cracked the li he put another crack in the liberty belt. Man. He fucking did He put a crack in my fucking Heart too. You know what I mean. So it was like, where did that come from? Where was that birthed? I mean it was just being from Oklahoma, like, but born in Texas and like understanding like the outlook of way people, like I played in a travel au circuit at a high level. So I'm traveling around and playing in some of the top camps with some of the top players and like you can kind of, you can kind of hear how they feel. Just I'm, I'm one of the top players but I'm not in the group. you know what I'm saying? I'm not from Texas, Cali, I'm not from in these bigger states and all these things.


I kind of understand how they look at it. And so just kind of being like that and just slept on yeah. Just kind of slept on my whole life Based off location. Yeah. Just, yeah, like being from Oklahoma, you know what I'm saying? I was literally in the gym all the time and I'm, my family's a a basketball fanatics and just, that's, that's where it was birthing me. Just trying to prove people wrong. Getting outta Oklahoma and just trying to, just trying to represent my family as best as I could Have. You gotta pick, you gotta pick your team and you picking anybody in the NBA 12 players Who you picking the ball with you Man? You, you put me in a spot man. Dude, you, you at the point.


Come on. I want my, I want my team man. I don't know. I don't know. You talking about In the history of the league Though? In the history. Okay. Okay. Yeah, we about, that's a better question. Yeah. Yeah. The History in the history. Oh, I gotta add being at two Kobe. At my two over Mike. Yeah. That's my Michael. Okay. I Respect that. You feel me? Mike's my sixth man. Hey listen, you know, Damn. He say Mike, you six man Up man, you want, let me throw away. You wanna turn these cameras off here? You gonna be the first person in the history of flight? No, you Gotta hit the rest of the team. Say Mike was a Six, but no, you got his team. That's his team. If If, if I wasn't starting, I'd put Mike in my place.


Oh, okay. you know what I'm Saying? You start So I I can't put him at the three. 'cause that's kds spot, that's Oklahoma City, that's my, one of my idols. And then LeBron at the four and then I'm putting Shaq at the five. It's my guy. So, okay. That's, that's my guy. Who? The rest of the team who coming off The bench? Mike Six. We got Mike Mike's the first man off the bench. Oh, he said that Mike is the first one. Go ahead, go ahead. Your man came with you is dying. He like Mike ahead. No, he said 'cause he, he ain't You started? Yeah. Okay, so I'm starting. So then we got, I'm on my team.


I gotta have some shooting. So Yeah, I'm, I'm gonna put, I'm gonna put Reggie Miller, Reggie Miller on my team as a shooter, I'm a, I'm gonna bring another big off the bench. It is gonna be, man, I don't know big Tim Duncan. How Four? That's my four come off the bench. Oh. R he's number six all the time in my book. Tim Duncan, man D Wade D Wade's, another score coming off the bench. What's that? Nine. That's nine people. You Only need three more. Need three more at Center Man.


Kareem Wilt. Nah, that's too far Back. I know Kareem. Kareem, I'm gonna put Kareem in there man. Kareem's one of the best all time. So he is. Yeah, he is. He is. I just, I like, I like going with people that I've seen and yeah, I'm not a big, big sins guy, but he Just won ball with all shooters. I was about to put a lot of shooters run around. Shoot, I play Clay Thompson. I was gonna put, Put whoever. Yeah. Yeah. I put who the top Five shooters in the league Today. Yes. Steph Dane, myself. I feel like Clay Clay's still a top shooter.


And my teammate bogey Barnovich Bo, he's shooter Boon. Shooter Boon. He's the shooter. So Now let me say something you want Luca, I feel as though two best players that come out of that draft, right? Y'all forever linked, get drafted, get traded to best players. Do you be looking from the side like this motherfucker's killing? Nah, nah. I mean I, I I see it like Yeah. And I think it's like friendly competition. Yeah. Know What I that's I'm Saying. Yeah. Like it's, it's part of it. Like definitely and I think the year we, we went the way for as far as we did, we went first and I'm, I'm sure he probably feel the same way.


you know what I'm saying? That's so he just got to the finals and of course I'm feeling the same way. Right. I'm trying to get back too. So, Because it's funny, y'all probably never met, never knew each other, but how they made it in the draft and how they brought it up and then y'all got traded and it is like, yeah, We, we never met until that night and we actually were swapping hats like that night, like a couple, a couple hours, like after our names were picked. 'cause we were in the media circuit and then we ended up sw like meeting each other be from switching our hats. Yeah. And so yeah, that was the first time we met. And I mean we, we, we messaged every now and then. Like he'll, he'll message me crazy game that I have or whatever. Yeah. And the same vice versa. It's, it's, it is love between both of us For sure.


Huh? That's What's different though from back in the day and now though, like Bird would've one off Dr. Jay would've never been on the gram like bird killing or nothing. Nah. Like what? For Sure. But I guess it's different because a a u and people, y'all, y'all, you been playing with people for so many years and it's like now we get to the league, we friends, Like no, for sure. For sure. I feel like a lot of it though, I think a lot of people don't, I mean a lot of it's social media too. Like, and a lot of, a lot of people don't. I mean, for me, for instance, and I know you see it in a lot of guys, not just me, you can, I can mention Russ Ja like we still, when we get on this court, we ain't friends.


you know what I'm saying? Like, as much as we cool off the court and do all this stuff and we see each other in summertime and congratulate each other, having our our kids or whatever, when we get on the court, it's business. you know what I'm saying? I still gotta, I still gotta make sure my team wins and, and I gotta do My thing and everything else. And I'm sure he's feeling the same way, but we ain't friends on the court. So I mean yeah, we, we do all that stuff and, and all that. But like my mindset and it may, it's definitely probably just 'cause of social media, you know what I'm saying? Like Yeah. Because there's a couple arenas that want your head Yeah, for sure. New York. Yeah. He'd be putting his foot deep in New York.


Yeah. He be, he'd be showing off Reggie Miller part two in New York. And then you came to Philly and you did us dirty. Now I missed Question.


This episode of Man I Was mworthofgame is brought to you by DraftKings Draft NFL Week one is here and a new season means new ways to get in on a action. At DraftKings Sports book, official sports book betting partner of the NFL fans have spoken. We wanna bet on touchdowns draft King Heard and they're delivering Draft King sports book is the number one place to bet on touchdowns Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Like, oh, Taylor Hurst gonna score a touchdown ready to do a touchdown dance on your own new DraftKings customers bet $5 to get 250 in bonus instantly plus one month of NFL premium on us. So that's, you bet $5 and you get 250 plus in bonus bets. I mean, come on man, who else is doing that other than DraftKings? And all you gotta do is use promo code GILLIE. I'm looking out promo code. That's enough time right now. Pull out your phones, download DraftKings. Come on, get rid of all the other DraftKings. Come on, promo code GILLIE gets you two 50. Mm. That easy. So make sure you download DraftKings Sports book. Use the code GILLIE. That's code GILLIE for New customers to get 250 in bonus bets for just five bucks and get one month of NFL premium on us. Hmm. Offer ends nine 19 only on Draftking. The crown is yours. Let's get it. Let's go. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/ft ball NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former FL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


So This guy right here told me, he said he told, he told Don Mitchell that he shoot better than 60% of the players in the NBAI Do. Now this all I see In his face. Now I'm just say this, lemme just say this, let me say this. If this guy right here had a day contract with the Minnesota Timberwolves, how many points would he score? Depends on how many minutes I played. No, no, No, no, no. He got a day contract he playing, they give him 20 minutes. How many points? He wants to 20 minutes. How many from you from you watching his game online? Yeah, because sometimes, you know, stuff could be edited all types of For sure, for sure. I'm just, I'm just saying shit. I love to say I seen you getting buckets.


I seen the big I how many points he scoring? I mean you probably getting, you may get a bucket Because a different level. Respectfully. Respectfully. It's a different Level. See, because I know my role though, so I'm not coming in the league like, no, I'm gonna come down, set the play up 40, bam, run my ass to the corner. Come on, just get me open. Come on. That's all I'm asking. Yeah, come On. The range is Different. You got double tv, slow that shit. It's on. I'm Not, the speed is different. That That's the, that's where your bucket gonna come from though. That's what I know that I'm not coming in there trying to take Trey off the dribble and all that shit.


I'm not doing that. I'm coming down. I'm Jacque Vaughn. Okay. Okay. Jacque Vaughn. I know Jacque Vn. If I could shoot way better than Jacque, Jacque could throw a fucking rock in the ocean from the beach. What I'm saying is I'm coming down, I know my strengths and I understand my weaknesses. I'm not blowing past these niggas. 40 run to the corner. Bruce Bowen, swing that shit. Trey, come on, get everybody to guard you and swing it to me. How you think these guys be shooting? 39% from the three point line. All these shots is open. I'm a shooter so I'm gonna play the game.


If I don't get no open shots, I probably won't score. How Do you, how do you stay Tre? How do you This dude Man. But he said, he said One, Hey, hey. But if you, hey, but if, if, if they like nah, we'll leave him open. GILLIE open. I'm Knocking it down. And we in the same gym right here. What Paul Pear said in the same gym right here. Leave GILLIE open game game. What you talk about. You seen me on my Instagram thing. I believe it. Paul put me, he made me miserable a lot of nights killing the sixes. But I'm three and o today in this motherfucker today. Right. 'cause he left me open. I want to know this, like, you know, you gonna need the side effects of success playing in cities like Atlanta.


How do you stay focused You know what I mean because there's so many distractions in these big cities. You know what I mean and, and once you get paper, everybody coming, the women, the, the fake friends, the entitlement, like, you know, it's totally different from success of playing in college to here. How do you, how do you protect yourself? How do you stay focused? For sure. I mean, I'm definitely a my fault. I'm definitely, I mean for me, like I'm definitely a lot better with, with handling it now than I was in 19 coming into the league. I definitely, He was a maniac in college. Nah, Nah, nah. I'm, I'm, I'm, I definitely wasn't, I mean, I was, I was going out, I was going out.


I I'm not a, I'm not going Out brother. You was a college kid Who Led college in points In assist In assists and you was running tv. I'm talking about every game. Damn. TRAE YOUNG goes with 37 and 14. Damn. Nah, it was, and then I'm looking at you now. I'm like, bro, you weigh like 1 75, bro, like with some bricks in your pocket. Yeah. And you average in 30 in the league. you know how crazy that is. Yeah. It's it's hard work, bro. It's hard work for sure.


Like I just, I know angles. I know how to, I can score from every level. Like I, I really feel like I'm just smarter than 95% of absolutely. you know what I'm saying? If I just, if I was blessed enough to be six eight, like you would, the world would look at me even more differently. But God knew you would've been too much. you know what I'm saying? I mean, that's too much. That was, that was God humbling me. And so yes, he made me six two and I'm still able to do what I do at a high level. So I'm not, I'm not complaining at all. So that, that's really what it is. I I'm just smarter than, than a lot of the guys I go against. What, what, What, What, what is your practice like? Like your your yeah. Your practice regime. Like how do you stay focused? Like off season?


Like how do you practice? Like, I mean, I'm always in the gym. So like in the off season now, like I'm, I'm lifting in the morning. I'm getting on the court after my lift in the afternoon. But I mean, I have two kids. So I'm, I'm, I'm in dab mode now in the summertime. 'cause during the season, I mean, I understand now what they mean by when guys get to the Hall of Fame and they thank their families for all the sacrifice that they, they they went through for just for you to bein on that hall of fame stage. So, I mean, so in the summertime I definitely spend a lot more time with my family. I mean the times that I can, so that's, that's really what my days revolve around in the summertime.


So when you ask me how I stay focused, it's just, I can't, I can't mess it up. So I just, that's, that's how I stay focused. you know what I'm saying? When you Go, when you shooting around practicing, boy, how many shots you taking? I mean, I'm not the the type of guy that, you know, guys will tell you I'll shoot 500 a day or I'll shoot a, some guys leaving Cap and say I'll shoot a thousand a day. Like, I'm just, I get in, I get my work. Like, one thing I don't like doing is wasting time. Like, because that's one thing we'll never get back. So it's like when I'm in the gym, I'm in the gym from whatever, 1215 to 1245 or to one o'clock and I'm getting in, I'm getting, I'm getting my work in and I'm leaving. you know what I'm saying?


Like, I don't, it's not, it's not like a, a certain amount, certain amount of shots or especially not now. Like maybe in high school when I was trying to get to this level, it was 500 a day. Like I was getting up early, getting up a certain amount of shots. But now it's let me get my work in, make sure my body's feeling good, and then get home to my family. So It's game day. What's your routine for the day? So wake up morning, get to the, get to the gym for shoot around. What time is that? Shoot around is at 10. Shoot around some at home. It's at 10. So I'll get there at like nine 30. Go get in the hot tub, get my legs warm, go through, shoot around, we'll do film.


I'll go through, shoot around so my legs are warm, just walking sweats, you know, I'm walking if I don't have my ankle braces on. So I'm just walking around and then go back home, play with my kids for a second, take my pregame nap, eat. And then I head to the arena around like four or five. And then I'm up there. Damn. I do a lot of shit. I, I get up there, I get on the table right when I get there, I get gunned out, make sure my body is loose. I get ready for the game and 20 minutes on the clock we get, get our little huddle and we go out on the court. Now what did you listen to?


What does that sound, what does that playlist sound like? Mm, Everything. I'm a, I'm A army. How do it start? Like what is it? Start Who Got the beat? The s in the, in the, in the, in the, In the locker room. In the team. On the team. Last year was, we switched it between De Deonte had it a lot. It's been different guys every year. Deonte, Jaylen Johnson has it sometimes, but we, I mean who you start it off with? How, who's on that list? Who, five people that's on that playlist. I mean, Drake's on it, ho's on it. I'm a I'm a slow Jams person, so it's crazy. But I got like Charlie Wilson on it. Oh Man, man, you cooking people. Charlie Wilson new New edition Man.


Nah, Charlie guys name Wilson. I just, well Look. No, I'm serious. I know all that. Nah, you know was Poppy, was Brian he listening to that? Nah, Nah, for sure. So yeah, those are my four. And then who else I be listening man, Lil Wayne. I mean, I listen, I listen to everybody but I'm a, I'm really a slow Jams r and b old school type of guy. Like what do we look for? Like, like, like, like what, what, what is the next three years looking for? Trey is, you know, is is is any jewelry jumping off? Nah, nah, nah. This ain't no, ain't no extra jewelry jumping off of me. No, I'm Oh, so ain't no ring jumping off.


We, we not looking for no ring. Oh, that, that type of, that type of jewelry. Yeah, that's the only tree. I'm talking like the Ring You know what I I'm, you felt your wrist. So I I I'm talking about this That yeah, that's, that's, that's a different type of jewelry that I'm definitely chasing. That'd look crazy in Atlanta. Who are you telling? That'd look crazy. Ain't never happened. you know what I'm saying? And that's something that like, I could've went, like I was talking about earlier, I could've went to Kentucky or like Kansas and play with co cell, but I chose to stay home and I wanted to do something different like being in Atlanta and not winning a championship ever. Like, I mean it's never been done like doing something like that. There would be, would be different You know what I'm saying? But we gotta, First of all, you win a championship in Atlanta, The party's gonna be crazy.


It's gonna be TRAE, YOUNG Boulevard, all Type of shit. Tray one University, They gonna open up a college. It's gonna be crazy. So I definitely try to make that happen. You never won a Super Bowl either, have they? No. I know they went to one. Yeah, but I, no, I don't think they have one. They almost had that one. Yeah, Almost. They should have won. They had, they was celebrate Early. They, they was playing future at halftime. Everybody out there fuck up some cu fuck up some cu fuck up some CUAs. They was partying like a Motherfucker. They fucked Up the chip half time. They fucked that chip up. They had it Man. They did.


So this episode of me and I mworthofgame is brought to you by New. Amsterdam Vodka. Now life ain't going your way. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your woman cheating today. Shot of New. Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming and it didn't come your way. Shot of New. Amsterdam Vodka also is also G good for pre-gaming as well. So when you out and about at your local liquor store, don't you just walk past that, you know what to do. Boop, get it home, put it on ice. You could drink it straight up juice, soda, whatever you like. Or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. That's up to you. But when you're out and about your local liquor store, you know what to do. Get you some New. Amsterdam Vodka. That will be the official vodka of Barstool Sports. I'm gonna say that one more time. That will be the official vodka of Barstool Sports New Amsterdam Vodka. It's no better choice.


Right. Who? It's game day. Right. And you gotta, you playing a certain person and you like, man, I know they not going to shut the fuck up the whole game. Who is that player Man shit, From the time you jump ball they talking shit, Nobody no more. You get Fair chance and shit too. But that's the thing. I don't, I I don't talk unless somebody talk to me first. And that's something that Well Who on the Sixers talk to you? That's because it didn't look like nobody said shit and you was running around the freak No big fell Doing all kinds of shit.


We're big Fellas. Y'all's big fella. What he say? Nah, y'all just, he bring that shit In Mother than fuck out. Yeah, no, He be, he'd be making jokes and shit. He'd be making jokes during the game and shit. And then You know what I'm saying? Like it'll, it'll trickle down to other guys every now and then, but it ain't nothing serious until it gets serious. But I don't know why You do us like that because you, you, when you was hitting shots, you was looking in the stands and Well that shit was serious to us. Yeah, y'all, y'all fans. But y'all, y'all fans be showing love. Y'all fans be showing love to y'all's team and then y'all, I mean you don't hear everything on tv what they be saying up close. So They be coming at Oh, I know.


you Know what I'm saying? Like, so they Be saying some crazy shit, Especially after that series, the one before that. So I just, they they definitely, y'all was the one seed that year too. That, that we played all the playoffs and so it was like a lot of animosity in that gym. And so As far as arenas, not as far as the actual game as far as the fans itself, what's the roughest arena to play in Roughest Arena? I mean Philly, Philly's definitely a rough, rough place to play. I mean I man probably, probably Philly. Probably Philly or Boston, I think those Northeast cities with, with, with New York in there too.


Like them three cities are probably the three loudest cities and feel like the most college environment type cities. Oh, Okay. That's Deep. So y'all got it? Y'all got that? Yeah, Now. Oh, hold on a sec. At least he shouted our fans out after he disrespected us. Walked around, talked crazy to, No, Now. Now how about this, there's a strong chance GILLIE coming off the MVP Big three, which is professional basketball too. So y'all both professionals right here? Well I be considering the, the look at you see anytime. Listen, anytime people wanna say you full of shit. His lip do like this here. Yeah, his homies laughing too.


'cause they know him. They like Now I was, Every time he go like like man, you full of shit. I was co you know, after the game, Mike Beasley came to me and pulled me to the side and said you was the co MVP today. You really showed up. That let me know that I, I got something. I'm back, I coming back stronger. You got four points Man Coming back stronger. Let me know. I have some big shots. I some big plays. I went in there with a strategy, got in some people minds. 'cause I'm more like Rob man. I get into players' minds. I'm defense. But it's a big chance that if me, you and Gil shot shots, that GILLIE might come on top.


What? Shooting? Getting some shots? Yeah, he might, he might come out on top. But we did like the best outta 10. I think Gil would come out on Top. I mean what, what, what range we doing? We doing y'all's range. We doing my range? Yeah. Which range is yours? Which range is Ain't none of them. Ain't none of them lines right there. My Shit. You mean to tell me none of these is NBA? Nah, It bull. None of these is NBA Nah, that NB. That's not NBA. No that's, that's NBA. That's NBA man. That man shoot from back here bro. Man. No, no, but that's, oh yeah, This is right here. This right here. He shoot from back head. I got, I got it. Oh man. Man I ain't even gotta shot up.


Nah, Wallo, how you going to pass me to run? Oh you want me to shoot first? Yeah, you gotta shoot first. I ain't gotta shoot from back here though. That's, you gotta shoot from back there. That's his range. I Thought shoot from Holy Mel. Do shoot, shoot For. I gotta shoot from his range here. Come On. What we doing? Hold on. Oh, see, see, See Shot. I Made that Best of five. You can shoot regularly. I'm shooting straight. Come on. Get that ball. I'm gonna shoot straight. No, that ball ain't no good. No it is good. I got this. I know what's good. Right. I'm back. Whoa, ho ho, Ho. I'm gonna give you, I'm, I'm gonna throw you five of them. Alright. Five of them Tre. 'cause you, you see right there, I would you look a little rusty. Trey. I might do something today shot.


It might be my Day. All right, come on. I gotta shoot From which one line I gotta shoot from That One that's a layup. Oh for what? Huh? Oh for two fucking bump. There we go. Oh, for three. I ain't warm my legs up. Yep. This the one though. Oh. He lies Ain't want my legs up. This The one? No, I believe Wallo. God damn. I usually shoot 10. Man. You o for you can shoot 10.


I just had to warm up. Yep, Yep. Oh, for six. Just The one. Just the one. Oh for seven. Oh. It's a lid win free man. It's a, it is a lift on that court. It's a lid on that O for nine. Oh O for 10. I let y'all go. You ready? Oh. GILLIE you go first. Hold on. I I just need one warmup. Alright. Just one warmup. Alright we good? Oh shit. Oh shit. Let's Go One for one, two for two.


Three for three. You wanna fix the net for me? You Fix it? Oh, three for Four. He start talking. I gotta talk to him. Hold on Drake. Hold on Drake. Okay, give That right. Hold on. Drake, I got hold on. Drake. Oh. Press pressure Treble. He put that Philly pressure. Pressure. Oh that's what I love. He put that Philly pressure on you. Four seven right? Yeah. What's that? Four, seven. Hold on Trey. Ah shit from, from 35 fucking feet. He put that pressure on you Gil. Hold on Tre. Shit. What's that? Six foot nine, Six foot nine. Come on God damn.


Ah. Come on Gil. Come on Gil. Gil. Get your head in the game. Take it back. You the MVP. Come on. Shit. Get your head in the game. There we go. Come on. Cus This dip right here. You can take one more step up. You sure I'll let you take one more step up. Come on. m saying I'm still, No You still did. Nah, that's right. That's right. What? What was your score? T Tri I had 7, 7, 7, 7. Come on s it So Light seven Uno. Oh Come on man. Huh? Come on man. What's that two for? Oh for two is a different league baby.


There we go short. We gotta get a little legs Is a different league. GILLIE. There we go. It is. There we go. Come on. What's that One for? One For four, five. What's that? One for five. One for five. One for five. Please Hold me over there. Dying laughing. Don't worry about it. Two for six. There You go. Come Don. Don't worry. You can get in that lead. Come on. Oh six. You got this. You get in the league. Cus come on. Did this seven. Oh come on. Come on cus come On. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Come. Oh that's off. That's off. That's off. That's off. That ball flat. Okay that's all. What's that? Two foot?


What's that? Like two Foot? Nah, Two for nine. Let me get that ball right there man. I gotta at least go 30% from, what's this about 27 feet? Yeah, Like 28. 20. You ain't even get 30. Dang. Run back. Come on, Let me go first. I bet. Can I go first? Pick the spot. Pick your spot. You Pick the spot. I'm going the same spot. Let's go. You ready? Cousin? Putting his pressure on him now. Now Put the pressure on him. Philly pressure. You said he warm now? Come on man. Just come On. Hold on man. Stay Focused. Get your hand in the game. Hold on man. One for two.


That's why you talk a little. Just say Get your hand in the Game. Two for three. There you go. Get you back baby. It's your turn. Two for four. Hold on. Two for five. Shit You No calm down. Relax. Come two for six. Get your head in the game. Shit. Get your head in the game. C3 For eight, three for nine. There we go. Hit your head in The game. Alright, I'm 40%. I'm 40%. I'm 40%. I'm 40%. 40. Shit. That's NB. A average for a shooter.


All right, here we go. Come on cus. Come on Trey. Miss one. Here you go. Come on Trey. Come on Tre. Oh, oh yes. Hold up. Hold up, hold up. Tre ho. Oh alright. One for three. He hold up. 2, 4, 4. Three for five. Come on Trey with the bullshit man. Four for six. Are we tired up? Come on, Trey.


Off to the right. I'm gonna Keep you. What's that? What's that? Five for? Seven. Damn. Shit he not playing cus. Oh. Oh. That was in and out too. Five for eight. Oh, Six for nine. He did that shit easy. Oh my gosh. I needed 70. You needed 70 top of the key. Yeah. What's That? It's Running top of the key. You Go first. I go first. You can go first or I go first. Now you go. You go first. I'll go first. You go First. Top of the key. Come on. You Go first. Off to the right. Trey. Off to the left. Trey, Here it is.


He not playing. Come on guys. No. Oh. What's one for three? Oh That's one for three. Hold On. One for? Yeah, you back. You back in the the game guys. It's one for three. Hold on. Damn. That's two for four. He talking to the net. That's two For four. They having a conversation. Hold up Trey. That short. Him and Nanette having a conversation Man. That short Trey two for five. That short Trey. Oh that's off. Oh that's three for six. Dang. Seven. You gotta fix the net. Fix your own net. I Got you. Oh my God. Four for seven, man. Shit. Bobby. Why? Why he keep laughing on me like that?


He just keep cracking the fucker. Six foot die. Damn. Need my 70 real quick Please. Oh Trey, What was that? Lemme was ask you a question. Huh? 60% Was 60. Alright, come on. I'm out. You gonna get 60% guys. I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get this C. Come On. You wanna throw it to me out? Oh Yeah, give it to him. Give it. Damn. I was gonna give you some good luck on that. 60%. Come on. Alright, that's one. Oh no. Come On GILLIE. That's one. There we go. One for two living.


Right. Two for three. Oh come on Gil. Come on. You need 60% s Come on. There's two of them in and out. Come on. What's one for? What's one for four? Talk To the net man. Have a conversation with Annette. Oh Come on. Yes sir. Yo, you Got it. You can beat his record. Go ahead. No wait, wait. That's two for six. Yeah. You good. I'm I am good. Don't worry about it. God damn. I'm glad now Man. Done gave up. That was 10 guys Done gave up. Yo. Because was that 10 I lost because Fucking because what?


Because watch me work. Let's rock. Wallo. Come on. No, no, no. Right here. Them two don't go in and out. Fuck my morale. This, this is what I do. You talking about this is what I do. I'm gonna show you how I do you doing. Look. Come on man. I'm too big man. Oh shit. There you go. No, Come on man. Look at this bump. Oh, Oh. He, he look at it. He trying to foul me. Nick trade tried fo me. I need a better rock. This rocks too late. I'm ready to get crazy. Come on, I'm ready to get off. Come on, watch this. He's Above. He Going straight. Right. You see that bull Classic moves.


Do it Cam. Look at Don't do it. Don't do it. Now I gotta go. Don't do it. Look at Laughing. Ah right. Boom. Threw him off. Threw Him off. Threw him off. Almost. I almost had it. Yo. That bull the fuck got him. Oh My ACL woke up. See you. Look. Come On. Go ahead Gil. You got that? I can't do it. It's Too much Need to briefer. Oh yeah.


I almost had it there. There. Oh shit, dog. Y'all stop laughing like that. Why y'all laughing like that one? Nothing. Shit. Dang. Because Isn't that, just relax because You need help. Swag Just relax. He patted you down. That's cool. That's cool. I'm right back. You know me guys. I got hands on two though.


Go on. Get it. Get it. Good. Go. Go guys. Come on. I got hands on two C. Come on man. First it's three. What's that? Two. Oh yeah. Come On guys. I gotta stop him right here. Trey. Annie chilling right now. He ain't even taking, he ain't even sweat yet. It Is a hunter in here. No, no. Annie got this. I ain't touch you. I touched you All. You good? Come On C. You playing Biggest hands on a five nine? I seen you pawn the ball. Okay. Ooh.


What's that? What's the score? 1, 2, 3, 1. Come on C. You got it. Take it away. Take it away. Put it on the ground. Put it on the ground. Put it on the ground. Work the pack. Work the pack. Work the pack. AI Got step up. Rey. That was it. That was the big one. Almost. Listen. Right. I'm on. Can't score. Oh my Nigga. you know I, I couldn't run. I said when I'm in my ankle, I ain't got my ankle braces on. I'm chilling. Yeah, you chilling. I don't want you Come on about to go put it on the ground. Put it on the ground. Show you magic. Put it your pocket. Oh.


Ah. Oh I got it. It can't happen on me. Oh shit. Yo. Wait, we get you in the lead. 'cause we need an agent. Damn. I'm getting you in the lead. he can knock On me. I'm a creator. We gotta get an agent. Come on man. Get in the lead. Come on cus we gotta get you on the lead. Come on. You got it. I'm, you should trade that. You shut him down. Oh, shut down. You gave another chance. You shut down in out another because Put it on the ground Pat. Do what I taught you. Come on. Oh, there you go. He ain't ready for that. That's good. Trey. Oh that's good. Come on Trey. Come on. Do it again. Don. Lemme Hit this one. Trey, do it again. Come on. Cuss Trey. Don't let me hit this.


Come on. Cuss. We good. Work the ground. Put it on the ground. Put it on the ground here. Come on. Work the pad. Rain. You just saw that Pat? That the hot bullet be though. Paddy cake. Come on. Pad it. Ooh Trey. Lucky Trey. He about to ice me right here. No, stop. Stop man. Stop playing with fear. Stop playing with fear. He about to ice. Stop playing with fear. Oh. Oh T don't come on. 'cause 'cause watch it. 'cause oh, he really Got it, you know. Now listen, Trey in the shot, right? I wanna know this fucking this's What I wanna know. Oh my God.


When you pulling up, like what, which how you supposed to be foot? Your foot's supposed to be on your right. You are righthand, right? Yeah. Your right guy be in front of your left. So it's always gotta be this. So you're on balance. Huh? So what I do now, Shoot that bit. That's one, that's bucket right there. Oh. Whoa. See my style changed that quick. Okay. I didn't know how I was shooting off the, so I just gotta be from here. Yeah. Now, now I'm trying to figure out a lot of times, because I played back in the day, we ain't do all the, what's all this When everybody be like, dude, what's all that about? What's going on with that? It's 'cause you gotta get 'em off. You, you Gotta get, but they still right here. 'cause if you do that right, I'm still right here because I'm already in your mind if I'm sticking you, you. So if you like that.


So if you go like this and you still there. Huh? I'm going By. Okay. Okay. you know what I'm saying? But if You, you miss though, so it don't matter. Yeah, I Got, I got a lot of, I got over 10,000 though. But this, this is my whole thing. Like, so yeah. What is the easiest way to fix? Not even no screen coming. So how do my feet supposed to be? I mean, Because I'm old school. Back in the day, we used to be like this. We used to be, we could do that. Reps can't do that now. We can't do that. I mean, you can, but it doesn't Work for you. Because my defense is no different. It didn't work in your advantage if you do it now. But yeah, you right. I mean you really can't. So When you, when you in this position, what you looking for? If you need Seven weak that you going, If somebody up on you. If I wanted three and you need a three, I come up. If I need a three, yeah.


I mean then I'm just gonna get into his body. I gonna Step. Back. Okay. you know what I'm saying? Like if he's bucked up, like, like he is like, nah, up on me Now who, who, who, who ain't going for that in the league? Who you try that shit with? And they just all game. They ain't going for who? Who Nobody. I mean, It ain't nobody in the cook. Everybody, man, what the fuck? But I'm just saying, there gotta be somebody to give em a bad day. No, I Mean there's been bad days for sure, but, But mostly they gotta do what you just missing. Yeah. I mean a lot of it has gotta be shit. It is been in fo you know, fourth game and five nights and I'm tired of shit shooting from this. It's different after having two days off doing the same move You. know what I'm saying? Like, so a lot of times when some guys have bad games, it ain't necessarily always because of the defense.


you know what I'm saying? Sometimes it can't be like the defense had a great night, like there's some good defenders of course, but nobody's stopping K but himself, you know what I'm saying? Or maybe he's tired, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. There's a lot of guys, it ain't just, it me's Kyrie like, you know what I'm saying? There's a lot of guys Who the hardest guard that that stick in the league. I mean, there's a lot of 'em. I mean it's not, they all bring something different. So I don't think it's just one guy, shit Top five hardest guards, the guard Shit. I mean, Kai, Steph, Dane, Kai, Steph, Dane, Shay, Ja. Mm. Outside of myself, I mean, I'm in that category absolutely. If I don't, but outside of me.


Yeah, those five, those, those five are really good guards. I mean, Luca in there too. Shit. Yeah, it's, it's, it's a different guard every night. you know what, what I'm saying, every team absolutely. You think of the worst teams. The Pistons got Kade Cunningham, he ain't know Right. No slouch. So Yeah, he works shit out. Oh yeah, yeah. Mellow Ball and Charlotte You. know what I'm saying? Like it's shout Out to Melo. I got, I got, I Seen you had 'em Got, they sent them to me, man. Yeah's what I'm saying, You know what I mean. They sent me these sneaks. I, I'll actually be rocking them so y'all know. You know what I mean. But man, we appreciate you brother. No, I appreciate. What's your goals for this year? Man, I know you're gonna hate to hear this, but I'm gonna get back to, to where I've been You.


know what I'm saying? A lot, a lot of people look at our roster and don't have a lot of high expectations. So that's sometimes good for a player like me who's been built on beating expectations his whole life. So I'm just ready to play beat expectations on and whatever that that ends up being, I'm, I'm gonna be ready for it and excited for it. So Absolutely appreciate, You Know, you gonna have a big year. Thank you bro. We appreciate you. What position on the team you think I will get? 'cause if you got a date, like what, what, what could I do on the team Water? Boy, That Lou will six man. That Michael Jordan Six man. Hey, see, he always hype shit up. You put Michael Jordan is a six man. That's, I'm a six man. Love this shit is a man.


That's nothing. This is a wrap. Troy a really good dude. He would be one tell wild little the truth. Like, man, you a Bu. He said I could Be a six man. It's a garbage hands. That's major Six man. He was just like that. No, all.