
Hey. Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast. Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, Right then showing up. I'm not showing off. I'm trying to show you what's possible. Welcome to another episode of Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous. This is, this is a, this is a, this is a serious crib. Yeah, I'll be at the top of the steps like Scar Fe Is going on back here. Oh, he got more Transformers. Oh my goodness.


With optimists. And You know Gill like the, he's the skinny dipping pool. He is the sneaking pools around the neighborhood and the skinny dip. But the problem with today's music is that people are not releasing songs from a real place because they can hold a note, put some auto tune on it and you don't feel it. There's a lot of dudes out here also don't know anything about good, know nothing about it. You ain't never had no good. That was a curve ball like Man mean that boy good.


We was calling, we was calling Yo this, This shit is amazing man. Bro, we got a transform in here man. What the, what's going on man? This, this look. You got, there you go Brother. There you go. There you go. Go ahead. I'm telling you now. Good. I'm stealing this idea right now, so let's go. You never see it in front of my house. I'm telling you now. I got, let's Go. I gotta, I it, it is those and then I got some other ones in the backyard. Big ass transformer. Come on man. Transformer Come on man. Take your sneak off home sir. Take your sneak off man. Welcome Home. Hey puppy. I Told y'all you only driving about five minutes until you get to the house, right?


Okay, transformer. What's up brother? Hello. How you doing? Hey little buddy. Yes, up. Look at this. How did they like this crazy bob up here? This is, this is a, this is serious. This. Damn. I got a trans front of this. It look like it. It look like it's heavy. It it is man. Don't touch it. Nah, nah you can't man. It's good man. Don't be touching that. Just show y'all man. Now look man, we all hood right? Ain't nobody in the hood got this though, So hold on man.


Hold on man. There you go. Heavy. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. When we was kids bro, we used to just like with a little bitty, this ain't, that thing is heavy. I be the top the steps like scar. No, come on over me little friend. Yeah, this heavy bro. Listen, first of all, I need y'all to understand that this entire robot is literally made of 100% car parts. Everything you touch is either cylinders, brakes, brake pads, damn.


Every piece and it goes, it come around the back look, shoes, the feet, everything the chain. Look at that chains hit like everything is a car park. Damn. Nothing. Here was like, oh we think this would look cool if we just added this. They broke down a full car into shop and broke this up and turned it into this, including this gun. This is not like, let's just make you looks like a gun are all parties. Yeah, that's, I've only, I've only grabbed that gun out of the host of four times in eight years of being in his house.


God damn this crazy man. Yeah. Gotta see, gotta see the leader of auto box. What? Gotta see the leader, you know? I mean hanging some shit. See the crazy thing is MillionDollazWorthOfGame broke the internet. We knew it was going to happen and we broke the internet because this couldn't stop laughing. It couldn't get nothing done. No, the acting class, his first acting class, that was the funniest about his first acting class. That was the funniest man. This guy, we couldn't get nothing done. And then everybody on the internet was like, yo man, Wallo is just sitting there with a straight face.


He don't take none of this serious. And me, I was trying to ask, I was trying to get the questions off because they wouldn't stop laughing. We would've been there all day. Couldn't get that done. That's a good session, man. When you're laughing man, you know I used to play piano, right? Yeah. Let's see. I don't believe that. For one second I'm gonna drop this off. Real girl. Did you play ribbon in the sky in prison? One. Come going. Hold up. Let me, let me start over again dog. Any I can do? No they can't. You can just ring your fingers down. No they can't.


Hold up. Hold up. Watch this. Watch this now I'm gonna get busy. You gonna fuck that man. No I'm not. I got this. You ready? I'm gonna wait. The Reese come out 'cause he don't think I could play this thing. Lemme make sure, make sure all it is tuned up right When he comes in I'm gonna make sure it's tuned up right. Oh, look at this joint. What? What's They probably got some tunes in there too. Great. Balls of fire. Rock around the clock. Well that's the old school Joint. Runaway. How can I find true love little darling?


Ain't that a shame? Ain't that ashamed. You don't even know that song. I Didn't know that. Your favorite song is great. Balls of Fire. Let's give favorite song. He all, he That's all he concerned with. Great Balls. That's great. Balls of fire. Watch this. You ready? That's the intro. You ready to, you ready to hear greatness? Is you ready to hear greatness now? You know a lot of people say when I was young I was like a young Beethoven the way I played. You know what I mean? They called me Low Tobin and, and they didn't even think that I could play. And it was natural. I never read.


No just played. Now here Tune I created when I was in prison and it was just, I was just in the vibe and I was on the keyboard and I just said I came up with this. You ready? Yeah. Come on. Look. He nodding off man. He, you know what I mean? That Boy good. You All right? He shit. Hey hold on, Hold up, Hold up. Give him that.


Give him that one finger again. Watch and see what I was doing on camera while the playing there. He not, Hey boy, good there boy. You know I'm nodding. I'm like, you know he hating. It is cool. He hating. Hey, he came over with his best one finger. That's All I Needed. You know what I mean? Talent. Listen man, you listen, listen, listen. Alright now, now you know about music. You only could be one person. Who would you be? Would you be Rick James Prince, A little Richard Prince.


Why Prince? Prince was a full on producer, writer and entertainer. Who you picking That played multiple instruments? He was a legend. All of them. Who you picking Johnny Gill? Keith Sweat or TYRESE? Who? The baddest All them. All Three of us? No. Who? The baddest who? The baddest person Who you picking? I'm just saying like I gotta go with me bro. What the You mean? I don't know man. Johnny said Ma ma ma ma mama ma. Yes he did. That's what Johnny said. That's what Johnny said. Man, that's, that's some cool shit. TYRESE said a whole lot of shit too. Alright. Say no more.


Know what I mean. Just leave It alone. I Ain. I don't, I don't really know if Johnny got a DT that's seven feet, eight feet tall at the, I don't know if Johnny got, I don't really know if that's his a DT security. My ma my mama Ma did not leave. That's how Johnny was. Johnny Johnny's my man though. That's my man. That Flex Johnny chill. I don't know if he got, I'm just saying man you little nigga got Bumblebee On the list you just mentioned. Nobody got Bumblebee at the front door. Man saying hello when you walk in. That's my a DT security. So that's, you know you See that? You gonna be scared. Yeah, that's It. That's my one up. I gotta show her some more to cri.


Come On, let's Go. We gotta go through the house man. Listen. Oh, what's going on back here man? Oh yeah this is, this is where we get into Lions, tigers, and bears. Oh my. You got a deer over here? What the fuck is going on back here? Oh, we got more Transformers. Oh My Goodness. Yeah, this thing Y'all going out there man. Go Ahead Gil. Man go ahead Man. Ain ain't got no shoes on man. I ain No shoes. I don't dunno if there's any lion and shit out here Man. Nah, you good bro. You safe. Go ahead. Jump in the pool ke you know he like skinny dipping rock Walk. Walk on the edge, on the concrete, on the edge of the pool. Go ahead Max. The floor might be wet. You know Gil like the, he's the skinny dipping pool. He is the sneaking pools around the neighborhood in the skinny dip in the white people neighborhood.


You remember you used to do that Gil? Why you putting your business in the street bro? Lady, They used to call him Frisky when he was younger. Ho. Whoa. What's going on ho? What's going? We good? Oh. Give the dog come here every get, get up outta and kill it. The dog. Hey, hey, hey. I about, see I jump in that pool for real. There's some big as dogs 'cause 'cause come on up out of there man. Hey See Optimus Pride. Hey Reese. How many dogs you got man? It's like seven dogs. Yeah. Oh yeah. Come on cousin. Come back over here man.


No, they behind the gate though bro. Go hang out with Optimus man. He said they could climb the gate. They Behind the gate. Oh. I thought he said they could climb the gate. I said wait What? They behind the gate man. Yo, this Optimus Prime Man. Yeah, this Optimus nigga. Come on, lets take a Picture. That's the leader of the auto box. The leader of the Optimus Prime. Take a picture with Optimus Prime man. Yeah, I mean Hold on. If we take pictures, I'm on my way. Hold on. Come on Man. You gotta get in this picture man. Around the waist joint. I didn't have my, I ain't have my shoes on man. Hold on. I Got, we ain't got no shoes on man. I done let my feet get wet. We From Africa man. We ain't had out There. You what? It ain't even wet out here.


We from Africa. Africa. Come on man. We gotta take a picture right here man. Come on. Yo. Let's go. All right. This's a picture right here. What's the Hold up man? Huh? What's the look of success? You might want Pros with Optimus. Ah, can't do This shit To the west Coast. Where y'all doing baby? Yeah, Gary was the skinny dipping the rich white folks fools. Yeah. That's crazy. That's some other bro Should give you flashbacks doing again. And the thing Is, on the set of Transformers, we never had a fully built robot. What? They would always just put an image, not even a real, they would only just put a green image of the head on top of a stick to make sure that the eye height, that the, the level, the eye line, you know Optimus is way up there.


So when you talk and they, they have, if Optimus is walking, they'd be like, so what are we supposed to do? Optimus stick. And if he's walking stick, somebody's just walking like this with a stick. So every time people come to my house they like, yo, did you get the Transformers from the set? I'm like, no bro. They literally had an image like going to Kinko's, printing out an image of optimist or Bumblebee face and put it on top of a stick. And wherever they moved it was the eye line. So let Me ask you, did it make it hard to act in that way because No. Usually though, I, I, you know, I don't know when, when the movies I was in, and I'm not on y'all level by any means.


I I got like more outta me when the actor on the other side was good too. You know what I deliver? I mean like, Yeah. So That's what I But you talking to a piece of paper and shit. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. The piece of paper that's walking by might as well be some of the niggas that I worked with on the set. Oh dang. Lemme ask you a question boo. That was cold. No, no digging. That was cool. Like I'm just here, I'm just here doing a scene all by myself. 'cause you ain't bringing Nothing to the table. You, I might as well, I I might as well do a whole movie opposite, opposite of piece of paper. If you just gonna sit there and not bring nothing to the table. That's how I Feel sometimes you saying you that level of an actor, we gonna go right into the scene. We gonna go right into the scene. We gonna go right into the scene.


Nigga, why you around my set? Where you from? What you doing around here? Huh? No, I'm just, that was, I was a gang baby Wallo. It's been a minute. I was against See no, I'm always Laughing. Wallo. It's been a minute. You can't even take this. No, I couldn't. I couldn't even, I just, I couldn't. I'm just saying that I wasn't threatening. No, not at all. Not at all. That's why we sitting there laughing Like I thought I was threatening or something. Like I, I thought I was like from down South Central somewhere. Hey, like a nigga holding the gun like this shit Nigga, nigga fix your motherfucker face, nigga. I thought it was scary. It'd Be like, hey a nigga pull up with a face mask on using his own voice to be like, Wallo, come on nigga.


I thought it was tough though. Wallo That nigga You thought that was Tough. So y'all knocking my acting scenes, y'all knocking my acting skills. I'm just Saying think you should be In the comedy, that's All. But, and then we also saying that it's been, it's been a minute, right? So You didn't snap in the, in the character. Yeah, you, You, it's been a minute. You know, you, you, you, you way more on your positive. You like the I wasn't believable. No, It's like Martin Luther King trying to act tough man, that shit. Yes. It's been a minute. Like how you going go from I had a dream to I kick you niggas asses. No, it's Probably my uniform. I ain't got a street uniform on. If I had a, if I had a street uniform on, it'd been either. No, It ain't got nothing to do with the uniform man. 'cause right now all the niggas out here, the killers wear skinny jeans man.


Right. Damn. They do. It's like the uniform that we used to wear Some Dickies and some khakis and shit throw. Yeah, the uniform that we wore back in the day was very different than like these niggas out here got teddy bears and shit on their key chains. Right. And, but they lay your whole motherfucking family out. The look, the look of a hood nigga is totally different right Now. Totally different. So that's why it's confusing. That's that's crazy. Like these niggas is wearing cartoon characters and backpacks and clubs and will lay your whole motherfucking family out. Shoot you Till you catch on fire. Yeah, they would. Yeah. It's, it's different. That's why. So like it's it's confusing but we could also say that about, you know, other communities, right? Yeah. It's like you don to, we used to look at a nigga and be like, oh he, he a homosexual.


But then the new the new thug, the new wave is like everybody look and act just like us and you don't really know the difference between what's what and what. Yeah. So everything you gotta, you gotta heighten your level of discernment instincts and intuitions around everything. And in most cases we know this as hood niggas in general don't ever believe who in what people appear to be. It's Crazy. It's like man, what is my gut telling me right now? I know what this nigga's pitching and selling and I know he trying to appear to be, but mm, something ain't right. And so whatever that feeling is right now, we gotta hold onto that more than anything we've ever held onto before.


Because somebody name dropping ain't gonna make me believe that you actually that nigga, right? Somebody making reference to the money they was able to flip from the Bitcoin to the this and to that ain't gonna make me wanna put my money in your hand to go flip it that way. Yeah, I don't, Whatever You're selling, you gotta use a different level of heightened instincts. Intuition. Because right now niggas have literally, literally mastered deception. The amount of undiscovered magicians out here that know how to create the smoke. And they in the pulpit too. They out here trying to convince you heavy on Jesus. Soon they get off that pool pit.


What you on And, and you and what's so crazy is Like In in, in today's society, women got it the worst. 'cause you can meet a guy and, and from his appearance he look like he got everything going on. He look then you, you three, four months in you realize the nigga ain't got nothing going on. But beyond that you can be three, four months into the relationship and end up with HIV aids because the man you having sex with and you said take the condom off. I trust you is a dude that's down low and yeah play, he's a trisexual, willing to try anything. It is crazy out here bro. And I ain't got no problem with anybody gay, bisexual in any type of community.


I'm just speaking facts and I'm saying right now the days of people obviously being what they are is the most confusing shit in the world. How do you, there's no way in hell as me as a hood nigga from Watts, south Central LA will ever walk up the street and a nigga wearing a a sweater with cartoon characters on it will lay your whole I impossible. There's nothing about what you're wearing. Skinny jeans, hoodies, backpacks with all kind of Louis Vuitton MCM prints on it and you a killer. You don't look the part but that's the part that's so confusing.


How Do you stay, how do you, how do you maintain your peace? How do you protect your peace with all this stuff going on?


This episode, a MillionDollazWorthOfGame is brought to you by Planet Fitness. Everybody can get strong at Planet Fitness, high value memberships that supports any fitness journey as low as $15 a month. There are over 2,700 clubs locations with more, there are over 2,700 club locations with most clubs open 24 hours best in class equipment. Has the same high quality equipment as other gyms. More expensive gyms for a full workout from strength training to cardio and stretching, brand new plate loaded machines, hack squat, souping bench and calf raises. Friendly welcoming staff, unlimited fitness training. In other words, Planet Fitness is where you need to go if you really trying to get in shape and you really trying to maximize your workout and what you're trying to do as far as strengthening condition and shaping your body. You know what I'm saying? We're all strong at Planet Fitness. Join the End club online in that free Planet Fitness app, hours, amenities and offers varied by club. Check out Planet Fitness dot com or stop by your local club For more information playing in fitness. The best way to get in shape


this episode of me Hours Mworthofgame is brought to you by New Amsterdam Vodka. Now a life ain't going your way. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka, you caught your woman cheating today. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming and it didn't come your way. Shot a New Amsterdam Vodka that was distilled five times as filtered three times for a clean crisp finish. But something about New Amsterdam Vodka right, is you could drink it straight up, you could drink it on the rocks, you could drink it with juice or soda or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. That's up to you. But when you out and about at your local liquor store, don't you walk past that New Amsterdam Vodka? Don't you do it, you scoop it up, you take it to the, you scoop it up almost like a rebound in the final gimme that you feel what I'm saying. And then you get it home and you might finish it like TYRESE Hollerer. That's the new Amsterdam feeling when you're drinking new Amsterdam. It's great for Pregaming, it's great for, for whatever you wanna watch right now. If you about to watch a movie, just know New Amsterdam Vodka to official vodka bars through sports and get you something right?


There was nobody at my house before y'all got here. No. But the people that you're doing business with, I think the chefs the only people that are ever in my house. The only people that I move in close proximity to is connected to the mission that I'm on. The days of me having extreme validation issues where I always needed to have a million motherfuckers around me. Yes ma'am. Those days over, I got more now than I ever had then and yet nothing about the way I move now is connected to doing too much. Having too many niggas around me, carrying, paying, you know, hey man, you know what I'm saying?


I'm about to lose my car. Hey nigga, I just went by, you know they about to put me out my everything about me and I'm gonna tell you what it was literally. And I'm saying this to y'all and I'm saying this to all of y'all viewers. When you a hood nigga and you really work your ass off to work your way up the ranks, whether you're conscious of it or not, most of us will have a million motherfuckers around us because we actually feel bad about everything that we have and everything that we've accomplished. Even though we worked our ass off for the guilt, the manipulation that we put ourselves through. Like I remember that nigga looked out for me, he this, he that.


And so you go down that rabbit hole and the amount of money that you end up spending, just hoping that you can stop a nigga that you love you fuck with, to not call you fake. To not say you switched up and changed up on me. The amount of money that you're willing to spend and what you're willing to do and the bills you're willing to pay and the debts that you helping niggas out of. Just to try and hope that these niggas don't say bad nigga Hollywood, he switched up that nigga think he blah blah blah, whatever that is, that's our biggest fear. So whatever it takes, whatever call we gotta buy, whatever rent and mortgages, whatever, whatever we gotta put on your books to just stop you from calling me fake saying I changed, I switched up on, I'm on some Hollywood shit bruh.


So imagine as much success as I have now. None of those things concern me. And I'm gonna tell you what someone blessed me with and this is one of my OGs. Give it to us. My OG said none of your real niggas will ever have anything to say about you. 'cause we not losing no sleep over your success. Only the niggas who running around here trying to paint this picture like oh you know TYRESE, you know we and they name dropping, trying to make niggas thinking believe that there was an actual relationship there. Those are the niggas that's running around throwing dirt on your name. Any of your real homies that really fuck with you that for really love you for you.


They happy for you bru. And they, they are the first niggas to tell you though, don't come around here no more bro. Yeah, don't, don't you ain't. Nigga we good. And one of the things that really changed my life and this is my homie, like my big homie when I was on y'all show I talked about him and he just passed away. My big homie named Dirt Bike Fred, sorry to hear that man. That's peace. That's my big homie changed my life from Watts, south Central LA I'm not gonna tell y'all what hood he from real niggas know, but what he said one time I'll never forget I hit him up. There was some goofy shit going on in the hood. Nothing major. I'm not gonna sit here and paint that picture. But I was like, yo man, woo woo woo. And I was on the phone and I'm putting him up on this goofy shit I was dealing with and he said, he said Reese, he, he used to call me anyway.


He, he said, he said Look here bro, we do this shit right here. We do this street shit, we do this 24 hours seven days a week. Keep doing you. We got it. He's like there's no reason on any level for you to ever try and become us. We live this and we do this 24 hours seven days a week. Right. We don't become it when we get mad at the nigga, we don't come become it or nigga came at me and let me become something we do this gangster shit, this hood shit 24 hours, seven days a week, gone out there bro.


You know we got it And that was really a a OG that was putting some protection on you. Yeah. Every bit of it. Saying like Bro whatever this is, this shit stupid. We gonna make that call, we gonna pull up, we gonna do whatever we, whatever. He ain't even say what he did or how he did any, he just said we do this gangster shit 24 hours, seven days a week. Right. You flying, you successful, you out there rocking the world, you putting the hood on the map. We finally got somebody to look up to. Right. That can say they was born and raised and Watts. Right. Imagine us wanting you to come over here and become something that you not. Right. I may have grew up around them but I'm not them. Right. And he seen it.


He seen that you was the one that was special. You know everybody ain't giving them gifts, you know what I mean? And and what's so crazy is, you know we all older so when we grew up, when you seen a kid he was going to college or you seen a kid was doing the right thing, you put protection on him, you didn't even fuck with them kids 'cause you like man he doing the right thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah man he got a shot. You feel what I'm saying? But now you know it's like Yeah you didn't let him sell weed. You ain't let him sell though. Right. You ain't let him hang around, let him, you ain't let him stay on the block. You ain't putting nothing on him. You ain't, you ain't you you you like nah I wanna be with y'all. And they literally Like take your ass home man.


Yeah and that was my big homie Dirt by Fred. Like literally anytime I would ever call myself trying to be around do act like them wear the clothes they wore, he said come here nigga. And he would take his timberland boot and he would literally kick us in our ass and ah, and then we would fucking walk away and that was him nigga that was, that was his way. He'd never like beat us up, fucked us up anytime he caught us trying to wear act like or be what they was living 24 hours, seven days a week. That was his way telling us to get the fuck up out of there. And and you know what's crazy now, you know Meek Mills said this on the podcast and it was some real shit.


He said, you know now these young boys, they'll make fun of you for trying to do some positive shit. Like you know you might wake up one day like damn man I'm gonna fuck with this camera shit. And niggas in the hood be like look at this nigga. He always taping his Shit. But that was me. That was me. That's that. That was like bro there's nothing about being in why south Central LA as a hood nigga the way I was and I'm not talking about gangster like I'm not painting that picture. I'm talking about we all born and raised in the hood right And everything about our relaxed face and our energy says okay he's from a particular environment. Yeah absolutely right.


So imagine I'm singing everything about a nigga trying to hold a note in the hood is you soft, you gay, you this, you that. Like you know. So if I had let any of the comments or any of the things that niggas were saying about me when I discovered, now keep in mind I wasn't singing since I was five. It's not like all the niggas I grew up with, all that nigga been singing, he was five. I didn't start singing until I was 14, 15. Right? So I'm a regular nigga my whole life and then I discovered that I can hold the note, right? You know in most people mind super late in the game, right? You 15 years old and you want to like grab that, you can sing out of the sky like nigga where the fuck did that come from?


Right? So the amount of comments and things that I was getting could have killed the dream, could have killed the vision, could have killed the thought of moving things forward because I'm heavily associated to where I'm from. Right? And nothing about where I'm from welcomes a nigga trying to hold a note. Right? But you know what's crazy about that? Unless you singing like Nate Dogg but you know Hold up way, that's it. You know he still got some hood energy on him while he's holding the note. Versus when you from Compton, you from Watts, you from Long Beach, you from Inglewood.


Nothing about niggas coming outta that place was connected to singing, right? It was all hip hop, Right? Yeah. But you know what's so crazy about this? It's funny you say that because you got, you got so many people from the inner cities that's dead right now and are doing life in penitentiary because they was finessed outta their dream by people that judged them and they wasn't strong enough because you almost didn't make it to that commercial and that bust if you would, if you would, and I know it was a battle but you wouldn't have made it on that commercial singing on that bus when we first saw you, you would not made it if you wasn't strong enough. But think about how many dudes is walking the penitentiary track right now or that's in the ground because they let somebody that's ignorant say, you know what, what you doing is corny, what you're doing is gay, what you doing is weird.


So they said, oh no ain ain't doing that no more. I'm gonna drop that. Lemme go grab a gun and shoot somebody that look like me. Lemme go shoot in the mirror. 'cause when in the hood you shooting in the mirror 'cause all you're doing is shooting somebody that look like you. Ooh You shooting in the mirror. So, so and and then and then now it's even worse now. 'cause listen, think about it. When you was in wild we in North Philly, we only had to deal with that 10, 15 block radius of criticism and if we can make it through there we cool. 'cause the next neighborhood ain't gonna say no day. But now it's like they welcome. But now it's like when you come from our culture, the black culture you got everybody got opinion on what you doing. It is like a lens. And no matter what you do, somebody has got opinion of oh no you can't like, But it's different now though.


It's different now. Meaning like everything about all of the negativity that can get in the way of you chasing your dreams and your vision and idea is very different now because we got social media. Anybody who's singing, they can actually upload it. Yeah they can. Yeah. And they can now get in front of popularity and get some energy and vibrate. They can go viral from being a hood nigga that uploaded a video that's singing his ass off. Absolutely. So everything about the gateway into success, whether it's real estate, whether it's niggas out here trying to put niggas up on what to do with the IEEN number, you know, bank loans and development, like everything about people chasing their dreams right now is way more normal than from our era.


Yeah, absolutely. That's when you get laughed. It's normalized. Anybody who tries to like flip they dope money into something legitimating open up a barber shop and this and that. That was about as far as it went. Everything about niggas directing something, writing, producing, creating, getting into fashion. So I'll make it, I'll make it plain. Sadly what Wallo just spoke to, what big bro just spoke to as a OGI ain't never been to jail in my life. What Wallo just spoke to. I'll make it plain. Jay-Z is in jail right now. Kanye is in jail. Pharrell Williams is in jail, everything.


Michael Jordan. Michael Jordan is in jail. Emmett Smith is in jail. LeBron James is in jail. All of the greatest athletes, creatives, genius entrepreneurs, politicians, politicians, political fit, community leader. Malcolm X is in jail from our community. Dr. King is in jail. The amount of folks that have made the choices in those moments to do some dumb ass shit and end up going to jail, they're sitting in jail riding away with all the talent in the world. They won't see the light of day for another 10 to 15 years or never ever in their life.


Some of 'em did. So Jay-Z and all, all of the legends that we look at them putting numbers up on the board, winning 50 Grammys, selling all these records, streaming all this, doing all of this. Imagine if we got rid of all of the biggest black stars, Michael B. Jordan, Jamie Fox, what's my bro? Denzel What? Like imagine if they had made some other choices, there would be no Denzel if he was in jail doing 25 to life. So the amount of talented geniusly talented people that are sitting in jail riding away pastors, the new head of Islam, it could be anything sitting in jail riding away.


And so I'm just letting y'all know everything about this conversation. We didn't plan this. They didn't say, yo, let's have a conversation about we just here sitting in front of Optimus problem. I ain't never stood in front of Optimist Prime this long in our life. But I tell you what, this conversation is going to transform somebody. Hey Christian, you know what I'm saying? Don't fall in the pool, nigga. Hey listen, somebody told me, listen you was using auto autotune back in the day. Somebody said what? You was using autotune. That wasn't your voice. There was no such thing as autotune back in the day. I'm just saying, I'm just throwing it out there. Autotune has only been Around Since the mid two thousands.


They said y'all had some special stuff over there. There's no way, there was no such thing as Auto two. I mean He always makes the shit Up. As a matter of fact, it was no such thing as Pro two when I did Sweet Lady. That was real to real. They had to edit and cut the table, cut it up. That Was real to real, huh? There was no such thing as pro tools. And when Pro Twos came around, they didn't have autotune on Pro two when they first came around. So I don't know what the fuck they talking about


This episode a MillionDollazWorthOfGame is brought to you by Draftkings. Now the NBA finals are here. This is your last chance to bet on the NBA until next season. And DraftKings sports book, official sports betting partner of the NBA is pulling out all the stops to make the finals to remember. One team will be Crown champion, the other one will lose to history. Who you got winning it all. Put your hoop expertise to the test. All season long drafting has been the go-to spot for NBA props. And that doesn't stop. Now who's going to carry their team to the chip is the question. Try placing the bet on your personal MVP to drop 30, 40, maybe even 50, ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app now locking your bets and finish the season as a winner. Here are some specials for first timers, new DraftKings customers. You bet $5, just five Uno cinco, just $5 and get 300 in Bonus Bets if your bet wins. So you just take $5, you bet on something that you know this is like ah, this is sure to win. BAM 300 in bonus bets. Sock right to your pocket like a rocket right in your account. Let's get busy. What we talking about? And that's Promo code GILLIE. So anytime you listening to me and you pull out their Draftkings app, you make sure you put that Promo code GILLIE in so that you can get that, that money so to your pocket like a rocket. You hear me? DraftKings, the crown is yours. Put it on where right GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and wire at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org. Police play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio.


What's up everybody? I'm Wallo 2 6 7 MillionDollazWorthOfGame and I am a Ro partner. One thing about Ro Ro is a life changer. So if you're going through something right now with Ed, don't even worry about it. Ro is gonna take care of all that. Ro Sparks is a 2 0 1 prescription treatment for stronger, harder erections. I'm talking about you're gonna be, you're gonna be standing like a statue. I'm telling you, life is gonna change. They hit the bloodstream like this. They work in 15 minutes on average. And guess what that mean? More sex? More. Any I'm, it is a game changer. You want a thicker, a longer erection road. Sparks is here for you. Rose Sparks is active in your system for 36 hours. So you go back to back round after the round and be ready in the morning. Be ready for play with Rose Sparks Road. Connect guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online. So there's no awkward conversations with in-person providers. You don't have to worry about none of that. If approved treatment shipped directly to your door, I'm talking about come, you ain't gotta go nowhere. It go right to your door. If you get approved, if prescribed new sexual health partners get $15 off sparks on recurrent plans, Connect with a provider at RO dot co slash mdw to find out if prescription Road Sparks is right for you. That's Ro dot co slash mdw for 15 hours off your first order. What are you waiting for?


Yeah Man, this is the realest question I can ask you man. Yeah. When you wake up to this every day, is it still not believable? Sometimes It's not. But It's, it's through this perspective. I have not been in it long enough for me to get that familiar with it. It's still a big deal. So y'all just got here, y'all just pulled up. Y'all ain't never been to my crib. You didn't know what you was pulling up to. As a matter of fact, when you got it, you probably like, man, this this nigga. Right? Because I never sent y'all no photos and gave y'all no heads up of what y'all was pulling up to.


But the feeling that y'all had, whatever that might be like the wow. What? What the fuck? That's how I feel every day I pull up. 'cause nothing about where I'm from is connected to this house. Absolutely. And the craziest thing is, and I actually shed a tear when he passed away. Y'all remember Robin Leach from Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous? Yes. This was Robin Leach from, This is Rob Leach, The greatest Styles of the rich and famous. That was my favorite TV show when I was a kid favorite. And it wasn't my favorite because I desired materialistic things 'cause I didn't, I said, nigga, I'm gonna die before I ever see that kind of money or ever see or experience or walk into a house that big.


So I created a timeline in my head associated to death because I'm looking at all my homies. I'm either going to jail or I'm gonna die. But I'm looking at this and I'm like, wow, The fuck. Fast forward. I'm rich and famous. So Robin Leach was able to create something and planted some seeds in my head when I was a kid. And I was able to seed like literally, okay, turn the TV off. What am I looking at? Empty refrigerator.


We broke, we fucked up. It's four of us up in this crib. Mama's drunk pops on crack. Everything about my life had nothing to do with what I seen popping through my television. So as a dreamer, right? And I'm not trying to be prophetic or none of it, I didn't say, look prophetically, I'm going to have these things, none of that. When I was able to watch that show when I was a kid, it just showed me what was possible. And when you living at the bottom and everything around and everything you see and everything you hear and everything about the vibrations, murder, prostitution, heroin, crack, weed, cripping, blood, Mexican SA gangs, excessive force brutality in and outta jail.


That's your day-today. Energy, vibrations, cripping in blood. That's everything You see, every conversation, every, hey nigga such and such. Just got nigga. They nigga. That's the day-to-day conversation. So my little bitty peak into an alternate reality was looking at Robin Lee. This was long before MTV crib, bro. Robin Lee took niggas around the world to see. Welcome to another episode of Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous. He took us to Monaco, he took us to the uk.


He took us to parts of the world that there's nothing, there was no internet at the time. So it's not like you can go to Google Images and say, what are tourist attractions in France? And then 40, 50 different images pop up. Robin Leach gave me the gateway into the world and the gateway into the riches and the fame and Rolls Royces. And I'm looking at this like, damn, it's actually possible for somebody to live in a house that big the fuck. And I'm looking at my house and I'm looking at the houses that they live. Whether they were white or not does not matter. I didn't think it was possible for a human being to live in a house that big 25,000 square feet.


This house, six stories with an elevator. And this is my house. Only one name on this motherfucker. It's me. I got robots on my goddamn dinner table And they weigh about a hundred pounds. Yes, You could do some curls with that for real. Okay? So not only will I never allow myself to get too familiar with being blessed, but my life will remain a big deal to me. Which is why I protect it as much as I do. See, when it comes easy and niggas get it overnight, there's no way you could ever respect pussy that you get overnight.


But they work. When you make work, you work hard to get to it. That's when you wanna hold onto it a little bit more. And then even as a man, it is all about a ego thing. So if, if a woman, she she get a pussy to you too fast, you automatically think, why would the next nigga be able to get it that fast? There you go. You don't don't. If she made you Work for it somewhere in your mind, you think You don't respect anything that comes too easy and comes too fast. I tell niggas all the time, I don't remember the last time I lost sleep over a hater because I've worked too fucking hard to get everything I have.


I didn't have no record label roster full of niggas like bad boy. Whereas TYRESE featuring one 12, faith Evans, biggie Small. I didn't have the luxury of saying I'm all right talent wise. But once you house it with 12 other niggas on the roster And we popping and we gotta run, All of us is cracking. So whatever you are, whatever you not, we going be able to bump you up, nigga. It's only one nigga singing on a sweet lady. It's only one nigga singing lately. Only one nigga singing. How you gonna act like that? It's only one nigga in no movies. I didn't have no coattails to ride. I didn't have nobody to stamp me and validate me. I I'm not usher, I'm not Chris Brown.


I'm none of these guys that had all of these high level executives stamping them and validate. I didn't have a baby face in La Reed. I didn't have anybody. And that has nothing to do with me disrespecting anybody's success or their hustle. I'm saying imagine I'm not hot until I figure out a way to get hot because I can't be associated. Like if Wallo is the hottest nigga on the label, let's do a song with TYRESE featuring Wallo. So now the hottest rap nigga on the label just gave me 16 bars.


So now I'm hot because the nigga on my roster is hot. I didn't have that bro. So, and again, certain aspects of me wish I had a coattail to ride and, and can have other niggas to stamp me and validate me. I've been flying solo my whole life, bro. Right? So I do not take my life for granted. I do not take my access for granted. I pull up to this house and at no point have I ever pulled up and went like, man, this shit ain't no big deal, nigga. I want my house to be bigger. I'm like, I cannot fucking believe this is mine house.


Yeah. I was like, well, you know, I, I could believe this is your house. You put in enough work. Yeah, but I, me, we were sitting in the truck like, God, 30 years, man, like 30 years. I'm about 7,000 flights into This life. I'm like, I'm looking at that motherfucker. I had to, had to, we had to look at that motherfucker for a minute. Like Paul talking about, I'm calling em, he, man, we walking up to the door, man, this the house right here. Fuck. I bet one of y'all niggas said this is just how he was in that Cadillac early nigga. Yeah, yeah. When we probably walked in, you know what I mean? We seen the caddy. But I was like, holy shit. You know what I, when I seen and you wanna know who all my neighbors are.


That's what's crazy. It gets, it gets crazy. Yes. All my neighbors to go back to Robin Lee's lifestyles of the rich and famous, my neighbors, CEO of Delta, Coca-Cola, home Depot, Chick-fil-A, the CEO of Nasdaq. I live next to the stock market. I live next to the CEO of Nasdaq. So my whole community is flooded with police department. 'cause I live next to money. Literally. You also flooded with opportunity. Oh yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely. But imagine why did God decide to grab me in the bag of the shirt and drop me down until this level of power, wealth, and access?


And why did God decide to love me so much that he wanted me being around this level of wealth to be normalized to me? I want you, I want this to become normal for you. See, it only, it only feels unfamiliar. When it's unfamiliar. God wanted, God loves me so much. I want you to become familiar with that level of wealth, influence, success, the, the luxuries of like massive levels of everything. But stay humble.


You know, don't, don't lose yourself. Don't have the square footage of your house to become attached to your ego. Just say, that's where I live. And with all of the time and energy and hard work that I put into my life, these are the fruits. There was no shooting, stabbing, and killing to get it. I don't, I've never had a drink in my life. There's no molly, there's no perk, no x, no Zan, no coke, no shooting, stabbing and killing. Nobody can say I'm after that nigga TYRESE because he, he stabbed me in the back in order to put himself up and get ahead of me.


You know, just on a street level. Like nobody's after me. I don't got nobody after me in corporate America. Street level, nothing. I just got baby mama drama nigga and XY I'm gonna say this though, because when I first saw you, I said congratulations on your connection with your daughter. 'cause it was all over social and you was so, and he was like, yeah, man. Like how did that feel? Well, it felt, it feels amazing, but it doesn't feel amazing because I won. It feels amazing because she arrived at making her own decisions.


And all I had to do was just love her from where I was. So when you are, when, when, when a child is raised in a broken home, there's something, here's your word of the day, parenting alienation, we would call it brainwashing or poisoning the mind. And your father hates the baby mama so much. Every time you are around your son or your daughter, all you're doing is saying toxic, negative, dysfunctional shit. Because your goal is to get the child to feel about their mother the way you feel about their mother.


That's called parenting alienation. So when you're a father and you're traveling and you're moving around as much as me, you live out of a suitcase. And it's been that way for 30 years. The mother who hates your fucking guts got every opportunity in the world to get a one up on you and ultimately capture the mind, the heart and the soul and the worldview of the child, the way your mother hates me. You are expected to hate me. That same way she decided to see my love and still made daddy a choice. And every opportunity in the world for her to be brainwashed, to arrive at thinking of me the way her mother has always thought of me.


My love never got carved out of her heart. Every attempt to carve me out of her heart from accusing me of this, from this and that crying video all over the internet, whatever you have said, done, displayed, presented whatever you tried to do to get her to hate me the way you hate me. My daughter still made me her choice. And so I didn't win. I just arrived at feeling like, wow, you're supposed to not love me as much as you love your mother. Because I'm never around and I'm not around because I'm, I'm a deadbeat.


I'm not around because if I stay at home, I'm gonna lose the home. If I'm not out in the field hustling and doing whatever it takes to keep all of this afloat, we lose it all. If I say, you know what, fuck that. I'm gonna be as committed as your mother is and I'm gonna be home every day for the next six months. How the fuck you going to eat? And what, what school you going to and what food is in the fridge? And where's the gas money and where's the clothes and how we eating? If I allow myself to stay as present, available as your mom, because that's my duty and responsibility as a father to be present, or at least as present as your mom is.


We lose everything. You stay at home, you'll lose your home. My job is to be a provider. My job is to be a provider. Yes. But when you have children, look, I, I know that is your responsibility as well, but sadly through the lens of the wrong woman or a scorn woman, they will use your unavailability because you're hustling and you're trying to provide and they'll ping you with being a deadbeat. Right? But for me, but imagine after all of these years, my daughter has never not known me for traveling, moving, singing, touring on movie sets.


I'm never there conceptually compared to her mother. But my daughter has never called me TYRESE. I'm her fuck when she talks about me dad or when she's having a conversation about me and I'm not in her presence, that's my dad or that's my father. She's never called me TYRESE. So whatever time and energy and presence I have made myself feel and have been felt has been more than enough for her to arrive at. You can't say that about my dad. That's not the way I see him.


And that's not the way I feel about him. So in the end, after a massive, aggressive beat down trying to carve me outta my daughter's heart, she still made me her choice. You can't put no price tag on that. Nah, not at all. Your square footage of her house, whatever car you pulling up in, how much you spent on your watch and your fucking chain will never allow us as fathers to be embedded in our sons or our daughters lives. Right? They either feel that way about you or they don't because their love don't cost a thing.


And, and a lot of times, right, being a father is like depending on what job you got, it don't allow you to be around. That's what I'm saying. You know what I mean? A real father. A father that's a provider. Am I a deadbeat because I had to go to Iraq for two years or am I serving my country and doing my job? But if you're gone for two years, 'cause you get deployed on that ship or in another country, if you're, if the child or children and as is at home, they're gonna skew everything through the lens of being a deadbeat unavailable.


And they don't love you enough to be here, to be as present as me. But when you have a loving, beautiful, nurturing baby mama or a wife or a father or a baby daddy gonna spend everything and say You're daddy hero. I never want you to think negatively About your dad, About your father. Absolutely. Because of their lack of presence. Because you already know that as soon as your daddy get home from my Iraq, he is not going to be able to be outta your presence for 2.2 seconds. The only reason he's gone, 'cause he's doing his job. The only mature, honorable women will speak good on your name in the presence of your son and daughters in your absence.


And put a positive spin on it and say, I don't want, and I've always said this to my daughter without being disparaging, I've always said, I don't ever want you to confuse my lack of presence for my lack of love for you because my job requires me. It's not an option. Right. I cannot be home Until, and you at the, and you're at the age now where you can understand that your father is a superstar out here. And what I do requires me to be on sets and to be here for My daughter. Don't look at me as a superstar.


Yeah. But she knows what it is. She's aware of who I'm Exactly. I'm an extension of her comedy. You always daddy Her brag. Her brag is very Different, right? Like, But she doesn't look at me As a superstar. Your kid always going to look at you as daddy. That's It, Dad. That's it. But when they get to a certain age, they are aware of, okay. My dad is TYRESE. Yes. Like, and understanding the responsibility right. Of It. Yes. Like, and, and they learn earlier and earlier at a younger age. You know what I mean? Like my nephew Tre way, he just said everywhere we go, they stop my uncle for pictures. That's 'cause my uncle's famous so you and he's six.


You know what I mean? So it's like when they get to a certain age, they know okay, my pop is famous. He you just gonna always be daddy. But they know, you know what I mean? So they know that man, my dad in Transformers, he's in this, he's in that. So they understand that he can't really be here. Like he, I talk to him all the time. He tell me he love me, make sure I got everything I need. He call me from set. But when they get to a certain age, they start understanding. Oh yeah my daughter, my daughter definitely used to be oblivious. Right. She did not understand.


Nor should she. Right. When you're a kid, you can't really process. Right. No. You just like, why my daddy, daddy, My daughter has had drivers, butlers, nannies, chefs her entire life. Right. I'm gonna show y'all something and I did this on purpose. Keep the camera rolling now look, I'm gonna show y'all something. Okay. Now, when I was a kid they used to say, they used to say these words to me. You know, who do you think you are? You know you think money grown trees. You think you were born with A golden Spoon in your mouth. So you know what I did?


I wanted them to be able to say, well we ain't got no money growing on trees, but daddy's worked his ass off and he is got money. But was I born with a golden spoon in my mouth? My daughters were, don't ever say that about my motherfucking daughters. They have never ever not eaten on all gold. Everything. So you, You think you are, you think you was Born with a golden spoon motherfucker. My daughter was born with a golden spoon and fork and a knife in her mouth and that's all she's ever ate from. Period. So going to get that shit off the list doesn't mean that she gonna become some little brat, little fucked up kid.


But you can't, you can't, you can't give that little random ass dusty analogy. That shit old man. I don't even like gold motherfucker. I don't even like gold. I went and got gold On purpose 'cause they'll never be able to say that about my daughter. Yeah. And I got 'em on Amazon. Oh shit, look they not real gold bitch, but they gold. I'm saying like, this nigga got gold thought he got with a who? You think you are born with a gold spoon in your motherfucker? I was off Amazon. Off Amazon. Bitch that's crazy man.


Hey, the motherfucker had me. I ain going lie. No a nigga got Transformers in the house. What the fuck? Motherfucker expensive. Yo. Look bro, listen, hey nigga, when a nigga got Transformers in the house, you can't that shit, you know what I mean? North Philly nigga. Hold on. Hey, where that nigga go to the bad zone nigga fuck you in. Nigga goes boom. Hey walk up to that nigga. Shake his hand at the door. I Reese, I ain my nigga then. Hey bro, the fuck did I just hear? Oh, I I figured you had like 30 of them so, oh shit. I needed a set.


I needed a set. Oh Man. Because you know I want my kids to have gold. We fucked up about bro. Lemme see one of them. No, you know what I'm fucked up about bro or some real shit. Yeah. I really thought the motherfuckers was gold. I'm sitting here like yeah They are gold. No, I'm like, I I'm thinking this shit 14 k like this nigga got Oh you talking about 14 Kara I'm sitting here like, No sir, They painted go They gold though. They said they didn't say, here's the thing Bro. The nigga got Transformers in his house. Man bro could have been real. Well Amazon ain't say that Bro. Let's be real. They didn't say who you think you are. You think you was born with a 14 car of gold spoon in your mouth. The word 14 K.


They said gold spoon. So I said nigga, let's go and get these motherfuck gold spoon. Amazon. Amazon My baby, you ain't gold. Hit Amazon up. You me my grandkid got was bold. They gold spoons. That's what Rob to be in people house. They had gold Spoons. That's it. Or maybe they were gold but they wasn't 14. Or maybe they got 'em off Amazon. Amazon wasn't around but got 'em at, At a benches store. One of kids antique stores. That's it. It's always the perception versus reality, right? No, because it is. If you believe They were real 14 carat gold, Everybody Would've believed mission accomplished.


I'm just real enough to tell niggas like don't ever be so like wowed by me where I make it impossible for you to think and believe that you could actually get it. I can walk you through this whole motherfucking house and by the time I break down everything that I actually spent on every room, y'all be like, man, ain't no fucking way I would ever think that that nigga spent that on. Only only spent that on that. I'm just a fly nigga and I know how to make shit look great. You see that? You see that coaster right there? That shit heavy Shit's heavy shit's nice.


Home goods. Fuck you mean home goods. Yo, I Ain know what the fuck he was about to say. Home goods. Hey table mats, home Goods. Okay. Yeah. Spoons. Hey, come on bro. Gold spoons. Amazon. Amazon. Okay. Now I guarantee you I be drinking from, there was a lavish experience because the old brag was how much you spent on it. The new brag is either free or you got the shit for dirt cheap.


Yep. When you groan, you understand that. Talking about you spent $400,000 on a watch, you get laughed at, shut the fuck up. Who's impressed with you spending $400,000 on a watch? Right? Get your goofy ass. Like, I promise you, bro. Get your goofy ass out my face talking about you spent four 50 on a Richard Mill watch. For what? For what? Now here's the thing. With all due respect to people that are into art, people that are into literally like, yo, everything I've always wanted as a kid, when I became successful, I wanted to have a Rolex and a full on watch collection.


I can't get mad at the things that people are into. 'cause some people can look at how big my house is and be like, I'll never spend a house money on that and I would never want to live in a house that big. Like who needs to be in a house that big. So there's always pros and cons to whatever your worldview of success may be. Yeah. But there's nobody that would impress me by saying, yeah, that cost, you know that watch right there. Yeah. That's it. They only made 14 of these. That hit me for 2.2, $2.2 million on your arm. Maybe you don't understand your audience, but this, this audience member right here is not impressed with a nigga putting 2.2 on his arm.


I don't know who the fuck you trying to impress when spending $2.2 million on a watch. But you're not sitting in the presence of anybody that's impressed with that. But if you are impressed with how I put my table set together Oh goodness. And what I ended up spending on it while creating the sophistic, the sophistication, the class and all of the prestige. You may have spent a half a million on your plate setting. Use a dumb ass. Oh good. That ain't my motherfucking problem. Yeah. Right. That you don't know how to create a fly sophisticated experience without burning through a half a Millie.


That's not impressive to me. That's not impressive. Right. They say money's the root of all evil money ain't never been evil coming outta my hands. They say live by the gun, die by the gun. I own guns. I ain't never killed nobody. It's what happens when you put these things in certain people's hands is when negative things happen. I don't use my money to hurt people. I use my money to help people. If you want to spend a half a million dollars to create a look, that's your dumb ass.


I can create that same look and get it done for very little. And that's the hood in me. And that's the, that's the, that's to me saying I done been to every five star hotel. I done been to royal palaces and shakes and mansions and Bel Air and Beverly Hills and Beverly Park. I done been to the Hamptons. I done seen the riches of the richest. And when somebody say to me, this is how much it costs, my brain goes, he's a dumb motherfucker. You dumb ass nigga. You smoke. Oh you fuck.


You know what? I might be willing to tell y'all one story. Go on camera. Can I just give y'all one story You got? Go ahead. Just, just one. Just one. I'm gonna give y'all one story. Now everybody that come to my house, they going to look at this after I tell this story and they gonna be like, I watched this shit on a MillionDollazWorthOfGame. You really? So come here man. Lemme show y'all this. Come here real quick. Tell y'all this story, man. All right. So look at this beautiful piano.


Come on camera man. Shoot that shit man. Make that shit look like a music video. Like Hype Williams shot that shit. Closeup on the keys. Look at this motherfucking piano. Oh, you see that shit Now this is the largest sized piano. And they call this an orchestra sized piano because normally a piano this big is on the stage with a full orchestra. Okay. They have baby grands. Yeah. Medium sized grand.


This is an orchestra sized piano, which is the largest physical piano that they make. Which means that this piano is very, very expensive. So the previous owners had a piano in this exact place, but they took their piano with 'em. So when I did the walkthrough before I bought the house, I was like, yo, I love the location of that piano. I love the size of that piano. I gotta go get a hold of the motherfucker. So I went to multiple piano shops, finally came across the largest size piano. And I was like, how much? And they was like brand new, 65,000. And I was like, you know the nigga that's not impressed with niggas blowing through they money.


So I said, but he said, but This one is used and it's actually on the floor on consignment. And I said, what does that mean? Well, it means that we don't own the piano, we just have the piano on our showroom floor and if we sell it, we get a commission on it. The the piano is actually owned by this woman who had her church that went outta business. And now they're just basically trying to sell through all of the equipment that the church owned. So I'm thinking the piano was used. I'm gonna get this shit for a deal. So I got a brand new piano that would've been 60 grand, barely used.


'cause the church went out of business. I got it for 28,000. That was the first cut. 28 is still a very big number for a cheap nigga like me. But 28,000 versus 60 I'm in. Then as I'm looking at the piano in itself, I seen that the piano was black, but it was like a matte black and it was kind of ashy. It didn't have the high gloss paint job on it. And I said, well if I get the piano for 28, how much could would y'all charge me to paint it? Because I wanted to have the high gloss slacker.


You know? I wanted to look a certain way. I don't like the mat with the Lord. I don't want my shit looking ashy. I want the shit to be. So they said if you were to get this full massive grand piano painted, it'll cost you about 27 $30,000 and it has to go away for three, four weeks. They gotta break every part of the piano down, do the whole shit, break it all down. They gotta pick it up. Then they gotta ship it to Charlotte, North Carolina six, seven hours away. Then they gotta bring it back after it's done and it's gonna cost you about that. I said, ain't no fucking way. So, so this is what I did.


I said let me, let me, let me, let me think for a second. Let exactly is the process of shaving down a fucking piano sandpaper and the bitch down painting it with multiple coats and giving me the look that I'm after. That shit sound like what they do at a car shop. Took this, the car shop, he took this to a body shop. I took this motherfucker to a body shop nigga. My shit was done in four days. He took this shit to Ricky's Auto and it cost me 3,500. Oh damn. And I wish a nigga would come in my motherfucking house and tell me that this ain't a high gloss piano, orchestra size.


That's crazy that I save money on it. And they had this motherfucker inside of a body shop where they do insurance. They fix dents and car. They shaved my shit down, gave me multiple coats, Sprayed it, sprayed It, sprayed him down, put the high gloss on them, did everything they would've did in Charlotte for almost 30 grand. Did it in four days and had my piano inside the oven. You know when they paint the car, one coat, they put it in the oven, got the shit warming up, take it out, put another coat on it. They sent me pictures and videos of my shit. Every Step like A car. They had my motherfucking piano inside the oven drying like a fucking car.


And then they delivered this motherfucker four days later. Who could be mad at me? Man, Shout out to Ricky's auto man. Yes sir. So when you see A bad motherfucker, man, just Understand this is the real Mother fucking piano. That's Crazy. And just know when y'all was getting the rims on y'all shit and y'all seen that piano sitting in there, nigga that was tyree's shit At Ricky's. Nigga they get fours on the shit piano. You Paid more for your rims than I paid for. They tape this whole shit and sprayed it. They stayed with the mask, they put the taper on it. They good Tape.


And they made me sign paperwork that says that, yo, if anything happens, if any damage is done to this piano, you gotta sign paperwork, release a liability. I said, gimme the goddamn paperwork. I signed that shit. Lemme show you how good this motherfucker signed. Go ahead play a tune, man. Throw, throw tune now. Lemme throw tune now. Keep playing. It was like yesterday when I saw you, I was thinking about you and I put this song together for you because it was like, I miss you baby.


I wanna be back with you. I just want my family. Back when you was cheating with Michael, I had to go to the emergency room. My heart almost stopped. I stopped breathing. So this is the song I wrote to you. Let the tune go, Baby. I wish you was back in my life. I cannot breathe sometimes I want to die and cry, baby, stop dealing with My You hate on a nigga. See, see, see it. You come up, you hating a nigga.


So stop, stop hanging with Mike. Nigga moved in on your work, nigga moved in. Stop fucking with Mike. He can't go all night at first had, right? You see how the nigga started hating full of cake? The all was that nigga said, baby, fancy shit, baby fucking win. Mike, listen. That's how it was back in the day. Had it right that nigga. How you doing? I go All night. This shit crazy. You silly as shit. Hey man, I see that motherfucker Ricky, shout out to Ricky Auto Man. Shout Out. Shout out Ricky Otto came through. Spray this. Yeah, all of it. We're gonna go into All of that. As soon as these cameras Turn off, we gonna walk through the, I'm gonna go here.


I got a responsibility, bro. I got a responsibility. Okay? My responsibility is to put all my real ones watching. Now, here's the thing. What's the name of y'all show? MillionDollazWorthOfGame. That's what you're giving out. What's the name of y'all show? MillionDollazWorthOfGame. If I'm, if the name of the show is a MillionDollazWorthOfGame and we up in the crib, that cost me 4 million. And when I got the keys, it appraised a 6.2. I'm putting y'all up on a MillionDollazWorthOfGame. So turn around, look. Wow, look an amazement. Let me move this chair out the way. This is bows in my office.


Look at, oh, come this way. Look at the staircase. Look at That. Look at this. Wow. Look at the marble flooring. Wow. All of this came with the house. So I knew that as I was walking through this house and I'm looking at all of the crown molding and the details of everything that came with the house. Look at the chandeliers, look at the crown molding at the top. Nothing about the nuts and bolts of this house was cheap or inexpensively done. But they, they spent all the money I had to spend what I had to spend to get the keys.


But there would've been no way. With me being as cheap as I am or as frugal as I am, there would've been no way that I would've put that much money into the cost per square foot that they put into it, the previous owners. So I knew that as long as I was able to walk around the house and fall in love with the nuts and bolts of the overall house, everything about me decorating it, I could do that in my sleep. Yeah, that's easy. But they would've been, if they said to me, yo man, they spent $600 a square foot to have this marble in the foyer, I'd have said $600 a square foot. Who the fuck doing that?


Amazon. Amazon. I'm just fucking with you. Come on man. Let Me show y'all this. Come on up here. This gonna be the last thing. I'm showing the camera guys. And then we gotta turn the cameras off so I can put y'all up on some more games. Yo, does this floor, did Rickeys do the floor too? Because it look like the No, no, no. He did all that. They, they, they, he Got Teddy up there. I see Teddy, I all king with the Go. You got Teddy Bob right There. Bob. Bob Marley. Now because y'all bless me. Yes, y'all bless me with MillionDollazWorthOfGame. Everybody in Philly, everybody in South Central, la Inglewood, long Beach, wherever you from.


If you insecure and fragile and you threaten and intimidated by success that other people have worked their asses off to get, then everything about you watching this gonna be like that. Nigga's showing up. I'm not showing off. I'm trying to show you what's possible. So I'm glad you showing me Trying to show you what's possible. And you're never too big to be inspired when other people have, when it comes to their success or certain materialistic possessions. They're not doing all of this to make you lose sleep and have you to be insecure.


They just wanna show you what's possible. And I gotta give all of my glory to God. But second, I gotta give it to Robin Leach. Mm. And I'm just gonna say I'm inspired. The nigga gotta transform him. Man, soon as you walk in the house, man, All So look man, this is gonna be the last room that I show y'all. All right. North Philly. What I'm about to show y'all is to inspire you Now, right now where we're standing, right? Yeah. Right now we're in the year 2025. Now when this door opens, we're about to travel through a time portal into the year 1968.


Hold on, let me see this shit. You go there first nigga. Yeah. Come. I get hit in the head. Yeah, Look at the ceiling. Hold Up, Hold up. Yeah, We are in the year 1968. Oh shit.


Yeah, You got miles up there. Quincy, Tina, Ray, Teddy, the barge, Luther, Marvin. Got everybody one there. 1968. Whitney, Michael, Bob, Prince. So what I wanted to do, Nina, What I wanted to do, damn, was I wanted to create Luther A whole Mural of legends. And that way when you step into this room, everything for me was, if you can't feel the presence and the energy of inspiration, I don't think you have a iv. I don't think you have a pulse. I don't think you have a heartbeat if you can't come up and hear and feel it.


Who did this? Huh? I did all of this, bro. This is all in my mind. This is all my creativity. You got Some legends. Did Al Green, Erica Damn. Now I'm gonna tell y'all what happened after I did a MillionDollazWorthOfGame. I went to number one. Mm, Beautiful Pain. You see that? This is what happens. Congratulations, Man. That's your stage and your platform. It's your audience. These are your viewers.


It's your subscribers. Beautiful pay, Beautiful pain available on all streaming platforms. And for all of y'all that went on my website, TYRESE tv, we sold out a vinyls, double vinyls when I went and did a MillionDollazWorthOfGame. So imagine me having the number one song dedicated to my mother rest in peace called Wildflower. And I'm over here in this studio. I recorded Wildflower in this studio is where I did my entire beautiful pain album. But nobody would know about my album if I didn't have the honor of using y'all's stages and platform from the Breakfast Club, MillionDollazWorthOfGame Joe Buttons.


I made my rounds, did all this press and media. And finally people knew that I was about to release an album, but I'm over here stressed the fuck out. I'm feeling all this pressure. Like I don't have no label. I'm independent. How Much money you put into it. Truth. Truth. At least 1.2 out of pocket. Independent. Independent. I had to pay for every vinyl to be made. I Had to design all the artwork. I had to mix and master a full live album. It's nothing programmed 20 songs that became 17 because we ran outta space on the vinyl and we couldn't even put 20 songs on the vinyl.


So we had to bring it down to 17. Apple Music said it's a masterpiece. Lenny Kravitz says that beautiful pain has the vulnerabilities of songs in the key of life. That's major Stevie Wonder and Marvin Gay's divorce album called Hear My Dear and Lenny Kravitz was featured on one of the songs on my album. So to have my album to reach that level of success while I'm over here stressed out, I'm going through an unexpected divorce. I woke up every single, I got married in this house, we conceived in this house.


And after the baby was born, we brought the baby home three days later. So then to wake up one day and have my entire world to just go up and smoke. And then I ended up doing the album, singing a bunch of songs, expressing a bunch of vulnerabilities and sentiments about somebody that should still be downstairs. Imagine that. Fast forward, I'm now singing a bunch of songs and releasing an album with some topics that I never thought I would ever be singing about, including losing my mom. When the idea to do Wildflower first hit me, it was years ago, my mama was still alive and the song was never dedicated to her.


Fast forward, I'm in the vocal booth singing to then realize my mama was my wildflower. Y'all are standing in the room. Now if, if there was a such thing as like A-C-S-I-T-A-A-A TV show and you, and they sprayed the floor, shh. You'll see all of my tears. You'll see all of my emotions and vulnerabilities in this room. This is, this is the birthplace of beautiful pain. This is where, I mean my, my, my, my, my engineers AKA therapist.


I, I, I don't even know how they had the patience. Shout out to Richard Tch and Jaime. I don't know where they got the patience to let sometimes four days go by without me being able to step foot back in the vocal booth to finish what I started the Wildflower song took me 12 days. You sing right? Yeah, I sing. You can hold a note, right? Yeah, I can hold a note. But have you ever had to sing a song about your mama passing away that's dedicated to her? You have any idea how hard a song like that would be to start and finish when you singing and you talented?


You can hold the note. But the problem with today's music is that people are not releasing songs from a real place because they can hold a note to put some auto tune on it And you don't feel it. There's a lot of dudes out here also don't know anything about good sex. Damn, know nothing about it. You ain't never had no good vagina. Yo, that was a curve ball like a, you ain't never had no good vagina because when you get in a vocal booth to sing about it, you're not feeling none of it. You don't know nothing about nothing that you, you, you, there's a science to having your true life experiences to translate through that microphone.


This, this right here. Lemme explain something to y'all. Everybody got recording studios at home, but I'm gonna fuck y'all up right now. Hear me out. This microphone, this microphone, this is literally the gateway to the world. The gateway to people's vulnerabilities. People have decided I was gonna kill myself. But that song, that gospel song, that RB song, that inspirational song, stopped me from making the decision that I was gonna make.


I was going to break up with my girl until I heard that song I was gonna file for divorce until I heard that song. My grandmother died who I loved, who raise me. I couldn't even imagine how I could get through life without my grandmother. But that song healed me and helped me to get through. So why y'all up in here? I'm a bitch baby. Better make bitch. Shut the fuck up. Stop playing with music if you not going to take this shit more serious. Emotional access is what you have been given and you ain't doing nothing with it. Do you understand that? People are letting you into their earbuds.


They're sitting in traffic houses in foreclosure, out of a job. Single father, single mother don't know what the fuck they're going to do. And a song comes on the radio and if you put your soul into it, somebody is sitting in traffic making decisions that they would've never made if your song didn't show up and helped him to get through. So as much as I love this studio, I'm never in it because I take what I do very serious. You gonna be playing with people's emotions. You don't play with emotional access. So it doesn't matter if you singing about sex, a bedroom, you singing about a heartbreak, you singing about love, you singing about happiness, stop playing with music.


Respect the sanctuary of the access that people are giving you to their mental, emotional, psychological, spiritual wellbeing. People are out here going through hell and it takes one song to become the soundtrack to the decision to live. Niggas locked up in jail right now and they're listening to something every day that's keeping them encouraged when nothing about anything about the environment is inspiring or encouraging. So if you rapping story, tell if you singing sing from a real place, nobody on this wall just got plastered up here.


They earned every slot. That's Teddy Pendergrass right there. That's Luther Vro, that's Elder Barge. That's Mary j Blige, that's Marvin Gaye right here eating chicken. That's Snoop Dogg and Dre. That's Tina Turner. That's Stevie Wonder. That's Donnie Hathaway. That's Jimmy Hendrix. That's Anita Baker, that's Kim Burrell. That's Nina Simone. That's Ray Charles, that's Prince, that's Chaka Khan, Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, James Brown, everybody. Lauren Hill. Everybody on the wall earned they slot.


And me as a consumer of music and I understand the gateway of your heart and how your energy and what you sing about is transferable and it gets on. People. Stop playing with music. Go sit your goofy ass down if you gonna keep playing. Take this shit serious. Leave the game alone. If you gonna be out here just fucking around, go sit your goofy ass down. Stop playing with hip hop, stop playing with r and b. Stop playing with this shit called music.


If you gonna be out here fucking around trying to go viral doing this shit for TikTok, put your little goofy ass little dent. Go sit your ass down. Take this shit serious. Nobody wants microwave success. What is a microwave? Listen to my words, microphone, microwave, microwave. Success is never fulfilling. It's only when you put that motherfucker in that refrigerator, you let it marinate in all the seasonings, pulled it out the next day, put it in the oven, put it on a certain temperature.


It's a slow bake when you sit down and eat that meal. It's like grandmama's Thanksgiving. Nothing about it is quick. Temporary microwave. Nothing about a quick anything that's fulfilling or long lasting. Everybody up on this wall hear me out from just mentioning their name alone. You start thinking of songs on a playlist. That would never happen if their approach to getting their songs and their music done was done in a microwave. We gonna leave it at, damn.


This is another episode of Million Dollaz Worth Game. As you can see, this is what happened. Beautiful Pain, baby. See This one. Congratulations Man. Keep rolling, keep rolling. I'm gonna keep rolling. I'm gonna go get the vinyl, keep rolling. Congratulations. I'm gonna Pick up a edit. Keep Talking. You see what I'm saying? You feel me? It is number one, man. You know and and I'm gonna keep it all the way real. When we got into doing the podcast and we started doing interviews, that's what it was about. It was about elevating the people that was around us. You feel what I'm saying? And whatever they was doing, whatever they were selling, whatever they was trying to get out there, you feel me? Like one person always wanna shout out for being a real one is Cam, cam, rod, he came on our podcast, he sold so much horsepower.


We called us up Tum. Man, can I give you niggas a check, man? We was like, no, no, but, but that's what it's about, is about people coming on our platform and being able to elevate and push whatever they got going on. And however we can help you. That's what we trying to do. So when we see TYRESE go to number one on beautiful pain. It's a beautiful thing. This is for y'all man. Oh Yes. So This this a real out This. I did this independent, y'all. This thing, the real deal. Look, I did this independent. This Is a throwback. This how it used to be back in the day.


The notes and this, this cost money. This cost some money. This Cost some real money. How many, how many vinyls you produce? Damn. You got the real sleeve with all that shit. All the credits and everything. Details. Look it. Close up the details where you make It go and get this. Is It sold out? Tyrese tv. Okay, TYRESE tv. Put that on the screen. TYRESE tv. Make it go back to number one. Wow. We gotta do that. Make it go back to number one. Go Buy bottom vinyl Tyrese tv. Tv. You gonna see it on the screen? Let's turn it up. Beautiful Pain.


Before we get outta here, man, I wanna say rest in peace to mama. This thing is, I wanna see rest in peace to cheese. Let's take this back to number one. Wow, Stur. So these Jones calls. Yeah. And it's a double vinyl. Two vinyls. You got one? You got one over Here. You got one over here. Collectors Edition. That's going, going to the case at the studio house. This is for Y'all, fellas. Thank You Man. Y'all help me, y'all blessed me. Appreciate. Yes sir, Brother, appreciate you black man. Appreciate you man. For Real. And I just want to say you man, I'm glad dude, you invited us over man. This was truly inspiring, bro.


It was inspirational man to, to just see that like, 'cause you know I ain't gonna fake it. I live pretty good, but when I come over here it is like it's levels to this shit. You Know what I Mean? Yes sir. And it is like, it's beautiful to know that man, it's motherfuckers out here that's really doing that shit on a like that fucking transform. Some of the most impressive shit I've ever seen in my life going a nigga's house, man. Yes sir. You know what I mean? Thank you man. So we wish you nothing but continue success. Keep killing the man and just keep being the great person in genius that you are, man.


Because I always say anybody that could come up out of the conditions that we come out of be the real MVPs. Yes sir. You know what I'm saying? Yes Sir. So shit. Yeah, absolutely. And we praise God for his Cover. Absolutely. Because as, as much as we could think of ways to protect ourselves or connect ourselves and people that help us protect us, at the end of the day, we've seen presidents get assassinated with the most high level security detail in the world. So the fact that we are still here, the fact that we are still waking up to have opportunities to fall on us, use us, don't hate that's, that's obvious.


Use us as a gateway to show you what's possible Us. When you wake up every single day in this black skin, you're literally way behind the eight ball with death and murder and every possible imaginable challenge, you're just automatically up against it. So why would anybody lose so much sleep and be jealous and envious when everything about what I have and what we have has came from us starting way at the back of the line and just asking that God, give us the strength, give us the wherewithal, give us the instincts, the intuition to forge ahead and become something and be an example that anything is possible.


You signing off this Million Dollaz Worth Game, Tyrese Beautiful page. Beautiful take to number one baby. Back to number one, TYRESE tv. Tyrese tv, the we outta here. And it's just like that. That's crazy, dog. I didn't even know it hit number one. That's what's up man.