
Hey Million. dollars worth. Of game listeners You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Right. You're now tuned into me, me, me, me, me, me, me. Million dollars mworthofgame. We got a legend today. Yes. You got a legend. Yes. The first time I saw my brother, he was on the bus singing man. Mm. He was on the bus singing man. Mm. I mean soda commercial man. He just, that was the first time I seen him. And then after that he just came through all types of legendary tunes. Just doing his thing. Cracked through Be ma Some of y'all, first time y'all seen him was fast and furious. Y'all ain't know about I'm saying young niggas out here, man, what I'm, they ain't tap in until till Roman period.


They ain't tap into, They don't know about Jody. You got Some food In there Being choked him all out. I was Like, wait, wait, we ain't got talking about no choke man was acting. See, see, listen, I'm not like I was shook from that joint. I was like, damn. Because you know what was so real about that? you know what's so real about that? I had a dude that my mom used to talk to back in the day and we wasn't, we and everybody know that story. I wasn't feeling it. Yeah. Yeah. Not fuck with it at all. Because You'll, you'll find a reason if it, you know, you might, your mom might talk to certain dudes and you might feel one or two and if he ain't around no more, you ain't feeling nobody else. Right. Because that y'all might have a connection like a father or son connection even though he ain't your dad. But then you had the dude that just like Disrespectful. Hey bro, You ain't, you ain't running this joint. This is my Mom joint man.


But, but moms, moms in most cases be letting them nigga know. Yeah. Because I'm telling you one thing that Dick supersede everything. Everything. Yeah. Well they come in and put that dead mask on. Well, you know what I'm gonna say is what I'm gonna say is lonely for a lot of these single mothers and them, them missing that, that alpha presence in any capacity in their house while they, it's hard for a mother to raise boys. It's much easier for a mother to raise girls. But even that's challenging 'cause women, girls and teenage girls be the most disrespectful towards their mothers ever. They be arguing back, whoa man. you know, it's like, it is always that component, like daddy's little girl is not a concept that just came out the sky Daddy's little girl is because there's a lot of people out here that say, fuck my mama, I love my daddy more.


Okay. Because it's that, it's that conflict. And so same thing with us as, as young boys that become adolescent and teenagers, that young adults and to men, we are always struggling with, you know, territory environment. Right. And, and so a lot of times these single mothers be so desperate and that ain't for everybody. you know everybody, nobody wants to be alone. But a lot of times they be so desperate and thirsty to get something at the house. Soon as they get 'em, they get that nigga permission to run the whole shit. Say whatever you want to them kid, treat 'em my way, the way you want this and that You know what I mean and if they try and come at me about anything that you did or you said to them, I'm gonna fuck them up to make sure that you don't go nowhere.


Right. And that's the house I grew up in and it's crazy because my mama rest in peace but nigga I was not acting in Baby, Boy nigga Va Rames definitely triggered the shit out. I don't like the nigga to this day Come On that. That's my hoochie. Hey I swear to God y'all think I'm playing. I run into that nigga to this day bro. I don't give a fuck where we at. Give a fuck what clothes we got on. What we doing. What he meant. It could be the golden clothes. I see that nigga across the room. I be like man fuck that nigga right there. I love, I thought y'all was, that was, I was acting. Hey fuck that. I guess the truth just came out.


Fuck that. Damn. Not about who shit. Fuck that nigga. So that thing triggered you. It triggered, you triggered me like a motherfucker just like you just finished talking about Yeah, You know what I mean. Like you lucky that one of the niggas your mama dated you was cool with. I wasn't fucking with none of them niggas, man. None of them. They came up in my crib nigga. Man I, I was like man what the fuck is this? And I wasn't a video game nigga. Like all the extra shit that Jody was doing. Yeah, that was movie. Right. I didn't have no kids at the time, none of that. But yeah bro like yeah Baby Boy was my life that was not acting. I that nigga John Singleton rest in peace of the big homie. That nigga just had to turn that camera on.


As a matter of fact, I'm gonna tell you it was crazy. This is some shit that nobody would know while we was on the set and we got into that fight scene. Right. I know everybody, you was joking about the choke and all that. That shit was Legend. Classic. That's classic. Say something else. Little choke the shit. I be here. Random niggas say that shit to me the year. Fuck you nigga. I ain't been choked yet But I do. I do want to say that you have way too much about this shit Up. man, that's crazy man.


You just want to get on the plane nigga I choke you. No, no, no. It ain't like that. Like I, you know the crazy thing is I actually, the, the, the joke is about the choke but it ain't no nigga ever tried it, you know, in nowhere. And I don't even hear anything about the Choke. It be like, Hey man, this shit was funny as hell. That nigga choked you nigga. It's more so like that. But I will say that the running joke is, hey man you got something to eat up in there, we hungry. That shit you just said, that's where I hear everywhere I go I could be in an arena walking through an airport, it'd be around, Hey man you hungry. Like okay we go with this shit man mask on and a nigga know who I am yelling out Hungry Joke.


Anyway, back to my story. I was saying that John Singleton knew, first of all, he wrote the movie for Pac Rest in Peace. He wrote Baby Boy, Jodi was Tupac. So when Pac got killed in Vegas in 96 years, I don't know how many years, over 10 years went by and John was like, if I, if I go and make this movie, he told me, you know, I feel like I'm at a disrespect Pac because it's like a custom suit.


Like I wrote this movie for pac, they did poetic justice, they was the best of friends. They talked, they linked up all the time. Like you know, there's a lot of niggas out here with they goofy ass PAC stories. But nigga you can look up on YouTube right now, find another nigga that was doing sprint and running contests up the street with motherfucker Tupac nigga John Singleton and Pac with like best of friends super close. So he felt the way obviously about Pac being killed. But he was really like, I wrote Jodi and this entire Baby Boy movie for a pac. Which is why the whole mural was in my bedroom of pac.


Yeah. So fast forward, we in the middle of the living room during the scene and my mama name is Priscilla, rest in peace. And this is my first movie, right. So we dealing with Taraji and this is, you know, she acted before, but I'm the only nigga on the set who have never acted in my fucking life. I'm, I'm Mrs. I'm sweet lady. Lately I'm out here pure vaginal activity nigga I don't give a fuck about Hollywood movie Seth, none of this whatever the fuck that is, nigga. That's the furthest thing from any of my plans. So I'm not reading scripts, I'm not doing no acting classes. Nothing about that world was anything of any interest to me at the time.


So I'm on the set and if you got John Singleton pressure V rains with all of his experience pressure. Taraji is new, but this is her breakout role pressure. She's more experienced to me. I'm new nigga. I ain't know what POV meant. Point of view. I didn't know what INT interior versus BXT. Your, your mom was also exterior. She also had experience. She's experienced, you know, went to Spellman. She a legend. So I'm on the set green as a motherfucker. I'm like nigga y'all niggas got it raining outside the middle of the night, this rain machine. He don't want me no more. That was all rain machine. I'm outside like what the fuck is I'm this all new.


Anyway, he, John Singleton knew my mama's name and John knew that other than Pac who he wrote it for. A nigga said, you the only nigga that remind me of Pac. He the only nigga that's alpha strong, outspoken, vocal, born and raised on some street shit. Like from Watts for real. Like you ain't an implant, you ain't grow up in the suburbs following hard time. Moved to the hood. I was born and raised at Martin Luther King Hospital. I ain't out here super cripping blooding. I ain't sold no dope. Y'all other niggas out here paint a different picture. I'm a real hood niggas that can make a fall.


Okay? Make a call and fuck your life up. And, and, and that's, that's that capacity. Niggas like you go out here and do what you do. Right. We do this hood shit 24 hours, seven days a week, nigga you ever need something, we got you. That's my life. Right. So John Singleton was like, you the only nigga that remind me of pac. Everybody out here want to be Pac, they getting tattoos trying to become pac. They out here trying to rap and sound like Pac, they trying to be super thug. Like Pac, they getting Pac tattoos, they doing whatever you the only nigga, everybody you know Who else said it? PAC's Mama who became the godmother to my daughter at the time.


Mm. Rest in peace to afeni a So, so I'm in the living room and we doing this scene. John Singleton knew my mama name and he knew that that that this whole thing about being a Baby Boy and being in conflict with stepfathers and all that shit was my actual life. So I was in the middle of a scene struggling to get angry while I was doing a scene. This is when the whole fight broke out in the living room. Nigga slapped me, threw me over the table and all that. And I'm screaming and yelling and all that shit. And my mama's like, fuck you leave him alone. All that, that whole scene. I couldn't find it. I could not find as an actor.


And then that nigga off camera, he said, I'm gonna tell you the prop, You want Your mama to be your woman, but this is my woman nigga. Priscilla is my Motherfucking girl all nigga. So, so, so, so John told v the name, He told Van Rain what my mama's name was, bro, while the camera was rolling on me. Mm. That's all she wrote. Mm. Brought the greatest motherfucker out. He brought That shit out. Hey nigga, you say Priscilla name on camera, nigga Denzel coming out.


Hey Ain ain't got shit. Oh man. Straight up nigga. I swear to God I stood up and I'm gonna tell you when he said it, when the nigga said that nigga said that shit. you know You Know, we all, we all hood niggas man. We try our best. I tell niggas all I'm naturally not a nice person. I work heavy. I I work hard every single day to, to tap into good vibrations and energy. But the hood man, the hood will fuck you up. The hood would be like, nigga, you, you could have all the teeth in your mouth. You could be out here charming, cracking jokes. The hood will fuck you up and make you become them because that's the only way to survive.


So this nigga threw my mama's name out there and I'm, you know, I grew up in all Crip hood. I ain't never been a Crip in my life, but I grew up in all Crip hood. And when that nigga said, Priscilla,


This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by New. Amsterdam Vodka. Now you know the slogan, life ain't going your way. Shout a NEW AMSTERDAM VODKA. You caught your woman cheating today. Shout a NEW AMSTERDAM VODKA. You thought that check was coming in and it didn't come your way. Shot a NEW, AMSTERDAM VODKA. It's distilled five times. It's filtered three times for you know what that clean crisp finish, you could drink it straight up on the rocks, juice soda, or just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. That's up to you. But when you out and about at your local liquor store, you make sure you scoop you up some of this New Amsterdam Vodka, the NAV make sure you get you some nav asap. The official vodka Barstool Sports. And what are we talking about? I mean, a great time, great for pre-gaming. Great for, you know, right before the boxing events, you know, whatever you into New, Amsterdam, Vodka put this in your life.


Right. I said this is when I stood up in the scene. And I was like, because I got heat from niggas like you. when I walked up on him like that, that's when he said Priscilla. Yeah. And he just cut the Priscilla out cut mic Priscilla out because that was off camera. Yeah, that was off camera. So he, he yelled out that, and I walked up on that nigga no heat from niggas like you. And I was standing there nigga in his face. And that was the dialogue and the scene and the moment that happened after. And the thing is, I was so mad about this nigga mentioning my mama name. He did the shit multiple takes. He only had to say my mama name once. But we did that scene multiple takes because he had to shoot different angles and blah, blah blah.


But yeah man, that nigga said my mama name boy, he took me back, boy you got the best outta here. Said my mama name boy. Hey nigga, you got the best outta you though. You wanted me, you wanted me the tap. You wanted that motherfucker Denzel to come out nigga. You say Silla game, put a put a F in front of it, nigga for So you said what nigga said Priscilla name on that motherfucker set boy God boy I tell you it was crack. You just had to roll camera. Nigga. That was it. Nigga said I got heat from niggas like you.


I got hey cause I got heat from niggas like you. I stepped up nigga. you know what it is, it is like it is one day that just stands still when it's, when it's about to crack. Nigga you going to step into that shit nigga with the, oh nigga Knuckles was balled up nigga. I, I boom I looked that nigga, this motherfucker face boy. He Ready. He forgot he was on set. Hey nigga, that nigga saying Fasc, he like that was the key Word. Let me ask you a question, Right? Yes sir. Hey, by the way, I came here with a totally different outfit and I hope y'all roll the B roll footage. Oh Yeah, we putting all that Out and you tell me where I was going and I walked in this motherfucking scene.


I seen this nigga and I seen y'all image up on the wall. I said, I got on the wrong goddamn outfit. He definitely did. We gotta we gotta take this glossy ass shit. All right here. This look like a movie for me nigga. this shit you had Your preference club fit on. I'm leaving that alone. Charlamagne. That our guy, that's our guy. Charlamagne. Yeah, Charlamagne. He blessed me this morning. Yeah, but guess what? I was banned from the Breakfast Club. My interview was at nine 30, but I was banned from the Breakfast Club at least until nine, 9:00 AM Envy wasn't having it. What? We we chopped it up. We talked, we chopped it up.


We had that conversation. But me and me and me and me and Charlamagne was working on that Breakfast Club interview for the last two, three days. And, and Envy was not having it. Why? Because all because you helped him and his Wife man. No, no, no. We not even gonna go there. We we, he, he wasn't having it because, because of the way everything went down You know what I mean. It ain't about at this point I'm not being politically correct. It ain't about who's at fault. Who said what, who did. We already addressed it. Right? If y'all niggas want to know what happened half on, look it up. Point is, I said to Charlamagne last night, I said, bro, listen, you do understand that this platform don't belong to you.


You do understand that every black man that witnessed what happened to your, your, your young king absolutely rest in peace to him rest in peace. I meant to start the interview off with that. Like, bro, appreciate that. I every real nigga out here right? Felt you all the way, thank you. But what you did, what you did black man is, oh God, gimme the words what you did with your loss and the choices that we all know you could have made. 'cause we, we know who did it, who's difficult. We know who did it.


We know who's involved, we know who did what. I don't know. you know, that's what happens nigga. The hood niggas will give you the intel. Absolutely. So we know God did a number on you. We know God showed up and said there's some choices that you instinctively want to make should make. And we not doing that. And every real nigga, period. I don't give a fuck what, what side you for? I don't give a fuck from Brooklyn to Philly to niggas in jail doing 20 never see another dead. Everybody know what choice you could have made. My neighbor, everybody, real nigga shit. Real hood shit.


Proud of you black man. Thank you brother. And may God rest his soul and I don't care. I five, 10 years from now, it's always gonna be a hole in your heart. And I don't even know what that is. I lost my mom. I done lost a lot of real niggas I grew up with. I ain't never buried a child. And and God bless you bro. Thank you. Every 24 hours is what my therapist, as I've been dealing with losing John Singleton and Paul Walker. My mom and my mama died on Valentine's. Dave, she give birth to an RB singer. You going to die on Valentine's bruh. And we don't need to compare notes. I think the worst thing y'all can do is compare notes. A loss is a loss. But bruh, the choices you could have made, It Was what you could've arranged.


It was difficult Calls you could have made the line, you could have pushed. It was Difficult. Real niggas know. But, but, but You using this stage in this platform the right way, bro. Because God have had me at a certain point in my life by that time. Crazy God. It would've, it would've offset what I'm doing now. Yeah. You know what I mean because You understood, but You're trying to, trying to keep the youth outta prison. There you go. And out of them graveyards. That's what I'm saying. You without, I've never talked to you about this. Right. I don't want anybody to think that's rolling. That we don't even have each other's number, right? No. Alright. I don't got your number either, right? We ain't had no pre-interview. It was just flowing.


Listen, real niggas, real hood niggas, it's, it's, it's spoken and unspoken. You ain't gotta walk into any room, any club, any environment, no Air punkt give a fuck. You could be in Wall Street, the whitest white boardroom ever. If a hood nigga walk in, you gonna know off top every nigga period. Who seen that all go down in real time. That trauma, that loss on that level, there's so many choices that we all know you could have made. And that's why I'm looking you in your face as a black man and telling you how proud of you I am.


Appreciate That brother, Because I don't know you personally, but I know as a hood nigga because we all from that place, there's some calls that could have been made. You ain't even had to do it. 'cause see, when you, when you really, you really about that life, man. You, your hands don't get dirty. Baby You know what I mean. You might, you might be able to rub your ear and wink nigga and the sniper just, it's like, you know, hey, hey, hey. I know y'all know what lying fuck I'm talking about lying. Hey, the most charming, charismatic niggas ever born and raised in the hood, they shake your motherfucking hand and you won't even be able to put two and two together.


That the reason that you didn't, you will never see another birthday happen from that hand shake in valet park. Shake your hand. Be like, all nigga, hey, good to see you boy. Alright baby, that you crazy motherfucker. That nigga rub that nose right there. I'm at the crib, nigga. Hey. And when a nigga call me with the news, I'm gonna be like, say what? Oh man, man you lying. You playing man. They ain't did that man. Them niggas ain't ran up in your house, man. You showing up to check on the nigga house that there guy ran through and you the nigga that arranged nigga just put that 70 inch up nigga.


See that nigga? It's crazy. It's crazy. Now, Now I want to get into something. Hey nigga, when you get to 70 inch get to Apple tv, niggas attach in the back. I'm gonna tell you this. Watch Everything, everything. It is like, you know, a lot of people know you. Yep. For extraordinary franchise that you are a part of Fast and Furious. How did that come about? John Singleton? We did Baby Boy first. My second movie ever was Fastly Furious. How do you go? Like how was it like you walking into that knowing that you've basically the first one you freestyled the first movie you freestyled.


Boy, I've been freestyling it for 30 years, my brother. Damn. Explain that. My life, my whole career felt like a rental car.


This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by Can say hi to Can Social Tonics Can Social Tonics spikes their seltzer with weed. Each can is blended with five simple clean ingredients to deliver that perfect buzz in a buzz that doesn't backfire Can comes in three award-winning flavors, blood, orange, cardamom, lemon, lavender and grapefruit. Rosemary can comes in a variety of doses for every drinker ranging from two milligrams to five milligrams of THC head to Drinkcan, that's drink CAN n.com. And use the code game 20 for 20% off your order on can in a free roadie. Six k sampler can is not for use or purchased by persons under the age of 21. Can products contain less than 0% Delta nine, THC dero from hemp Do not claim to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and have not been evaluated or approved by FDA can get you some right?


Like at some point I gotta give it back Like That. I'm, I'm not talking about like This ain't no fake humble shit. Yeah, I'm talking about like, if you're in disbelief about my life, not you, but if people are looking at my life and my career and like, oh, he started off with the Coke commercial and man 10 billion in box office. Man, the sweet lady, the arena sold out. you know, he still, he still, man, I can't believe I'm still, man listen, y'all niggas had five minutes of fame. My shit was 30 seconds. I'm, I'm almost at 30 years, man. Hey, come on man. God's got his hands on me so crazy. Every day feels like Christmas, man.


Can't believe I'm here. Like bro, I've been looking at y'all for years on tv. I'm, I'm still, I still allow myself to be starstruck. We do too. You know what I mean. Motherfuckers, you know, the goal is to never allow yourself to get too familiar with how blessed you are. This, this shit all all continue to be a big deal. Like nigga my motherfucking stomach touching my back every form of public aid, WIC vouchers, county checks. My mama made us go to a social security building and play retarded To get that check.


$780 straight up government cheese. Nigga, nigga, you been acting. That was my, that was my first acting gig. Your mom was your first erector. She gave you your first movie gig. Your mom first arrest. Nigga won play. That was my first motherfucker actor gig. That was the first actor gig. Hey man, they laughing off. Your mom gave you, why you laughing so god damn hard man. Mom gave first face over, he laughing off lost the piece to the electric. Put your mom give you my mama. Put me on nigga. Fuck you ready? Hey I'ma tell y'all what it was though, the crazy shit.


I ain't Never shared this shit publicly in my life. Oh man, they can't, Hey, you Can't arrest my mama, nigga. She gone fuck outta here government. We, we passed the window of opportunity. Me and my brother went got that nigga. Fuck you. Me. So my mama said, My mama said, now this is, I said, mama, well this now I'm like fucking eight years old nigga. She said, this is what we going to do. She said, we got, we gotta go into this county building and, and, and you know, if y'all end up doing this, we gonna get $760 a month and your mama could use this. you know, I'm here. We in the hood, I'm working and trying to keep up. It's for y'all. you know, you got your two sisters, your brother.


And, and so if, if y'all do this, then this is how much money your mama going to. Is It a piece or it was just for all y'all? Was it $707 a piece? It Was $762 a piece. Woo. Yeah, go ahead. I Don. I don't, I don't this back in the day, that was a lot of scratch for mama. The niggas walked in there. Go ahead. Yo. What happened? Shit, what happened? Man, I wouldn't know. This motherfucker walking in. We speed coming. Fuck I lecture. Your mom gave, Hey you should stupid Motherfucker.


What's how that go? How so? Hey man, lemme tell a goddamn story man. How go this niggas, This nigga's fucking co bro. So, So mom said when we get up in here, she said, delay your answers. Mama Was gangster. Nigga fuck out, mama gonna get this money, nigga. Fuck you. Me. Huh? She said to lay your asses. I said, I said, what does that mean? She said, well, if I asked you a question, you would respond, right? And I said, yeah. She said, well, I'm gonna ask you a question.


What color is the wall? I said, white. She said, don't do that. She said, if they ask you what color is the wall, act like you thinking about it. Look at the wall and then then say white, but delay it. Make it, you know, she, she didn't like totally unpack, she didn't say play retard. She didn't say use them words, but she was just basically like, we gotta go up in there and make them believe Y'all Slow that, that y'all got some issues. And, and then she said, whatever they ask you to do, whatever tests they give you, I don't know what they gonna give you, but whatever test they give you purposely act like you can't pass the test. And I'm smart at eight years old now, I was sharp as a fucking, now I've always been an a student.


I'm a hood nigga. But I've, I've always been a communicator and always been smart. I ain't never had no problems. I have behavioral problems. I've always wanted to 10 always been the class clown. I ain't never been no dumb lady. Right? So, so mom said, do that, do that. So then the lady came in, white lady came in, she pulled out a puzzle and she's talking to me like, I'm slow. She's like, hi, blah, blah, blah. And then she says, okay, so listen, I'm gonna put a puzzle in front of you. Yeah. And I'm sitting there like this nigga, I'm staying there shit that ain't there. You know what I mean. I'm like, I'm in nigga Like, get this money for mama. You like, I'm gonna get mama this money. Y'all two niggas is crazy.


Y'all crazy. I'm Sorry. Y'all crazy. I'm sorry. This shit black people gotta go through just to make it in white. Yeah. Just to eat, just eat, dig. Just to eat Real. Sorry. These white people behind the camera, like, damn man, that seen real, Hey nigga being in this black skin is real as motherfucker. Anyway. So she says, I'm gonna put a Puzzle in front of you. She put the puzzle there. It says it's a puzzle of a human being sitting Like, you don't know what a human being is. She talking to me like, nigga, I'm outta here.


Yeah. Like, like My name is Pooky. Yeah. I'm out of this, You know, what's going on? Go. Nigga's crying crazy. He's man On his tears. So, so She put in Front of, She's full on like, and I put this in front of you. Okay. And I'm sitting there, you know, I'm saying like, Faring off this face. Yeah, you looking all over the place. So, so she, She put the puzzle and then I remember she took the lid off the puzzle and then she put all the pieces of the puzzle and had 'em to fall all over the place.


And then she started scrambling. 'em like Domino You know what I mean. She hit a nigga with the You know what I mean. Like I'm not going even, you know, hopefully, hopefully I ain't gotta give you this goddamn money 'cause you ain't gonna know where the fuck the legs and the arms and none of this shit go. So she hit a nigga with the raddle and then she says, now do me a favor and put the puzzle together. So I look, my mama directed me. Okay. My mama's my original director. So I said, okay, I'm looking if you my mom right? I I I'm full on. They got eight years old. I go.


This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by PFL. The Professional Fighters League Bellator Champion series San Diego goes down Saturday, September 7th live on max. The card features a lightweight title between Usman, Norma Godo and Alexander Shapley. Usman looks to build on the legacy of his cousin Khabib. Don't miss the action. Saturday, September 7th at 8:00 PM on max for those looking to attend in person, tickets are available on axs.com. So if you are looking to be in a building in San Diego, the tickets are on a x.com and this is, this will be one hell of a fight. We already know, we all know that Bellator puts on some of the best MMA bouts that you can possibly see. So from the Bellator champion series, do not forget it's going down September 7th, Saturday live on max. Tune in. And if you wanna be in the building, let's not forget, get your tickets on a xs.com Saturday 8:00 PM on max. Tune in.


Right. She's like, go ahead babe. I'm like, okay, This is the leg, this is the head, this is the head. Right? Believe I know what He Ready too. It's the head. Right? So these are legs, nigga. Okay, look at my mom again. And then I go The leg right next to the head leg Coming out. The guy, the head My, that motherfucker said seven 16 sold.


But, but what about, what about your sister? Your, your, your, you, your brothers. What about the dust? Did they get it? Oh Yeah. No. I, I don't think, I don't think, I don't Remember. I don't remember. Hold on both. I'm sorry. I don't remember. Both of my sisters doing it. Me and my brother definitely did it. Yeah. She knew acting in you like Yeah, she might. My momma might have been taught and I don't know, nigga. I wasn't a part of that conversation. It was old enough to understand. All I could tell you is I don't think that, that the, the, the social security building would've been able to believe that four y'all niggas is fucked. So, so she like, I got ain't no way you gave birth to four niggas out here on the, you straight mom and you straight so we can get away with two.


Right. And, and so me and my brother went up in there. We got that. But anyway. Yeah, man heads was coming out, the legs was coming out the head motherfucking arms was coming out the stomach. I fucked that puzzle up. Let, let me ask you this question. Yeah. When you was, what? You was on the internet, you was just being a human being and you was just talking about some issues you was going through, You talking about the crime video And you said, what do you want me to do? No, no, no. What more do you want from me? What more than you want from me? And congratulations. Did you ever think that shit was going to be Like I did not know I filmed myself. Yeah. I did not know I uploaded the video.


Yeah. And I didn't know that the video was out there for almost four months. Okay. I was stressed out 'cause I woke up to some accusations. Yeah. And they sent me in to a therapist and a psychiatrist and they literally gave me some psych mail. I don't, to this day I don't drink. I don't smoke. Yeah. I've never had a drink in my life. Yeah. Red wine, white wine, A beer, nothing. I don't smoke. You never drink or smoke. Molly. X per I don't give a fuck who you are. What it is. I ain't never fuck with nothing. Yeah. Ever. I don't smoke weed, nothing. So you put anything in my system, it's going to have like nigga, IIII get high off a nigga smoking weed in the studio set. I'll be on the couch like this nigga damn five minutes.


It could be the weakest dirt weed all the way up to this fucking chemical weeds. Y'all niggas out here smoking with goddamn 50 goddamn chemicals in it. You put anything in the air, nigga, I'm out. You done. Because I'm, I, you know, I, that ain't my world. So they put some psych meds in my system for the first time ever. And man, I filmed myself. I uploaded that video, that video was out there, the memes, the jokes and all that. I had no idea that none of that shit was going on. Yeah. Because I was literally outta my mind. I was gone bro. Yeah. And so, yeah, it, it, it, it was funny. I think if it wasn't me, I would've been trolling me. I'd have posted that video of another nigga doing that.


But it, it was, it was, it was crazy as a motherfucker to to, to have that in my system, be out of my mind. Literally have that to be the darkest, most embarrassing thing ever. And then going back to you, that realization that God's got his hands on it. Well, for me it's supposed to be over after that. But when I seen it though, to me it didn't come off like it was embarrassed. Just came off like it was a person that was going through something. He was pulling his hard out. That's 'cause you're a father. And then it's, it's just crazy how, how our culture is that you could take somebody pouring they heart out, human, some real human.


You can't be human in our culture. Just being human like. Yeah, But think about it pouring your heart out. It's true. It's truth. They not used to seeing me. Right. you know shit like that. Right. They not used to seeing you cry. They're not used to seeing you cry. They used to seeing us the way they used to seeing us. We, we, we together, we hood, we this, we that. Anything about vulnerabilities feels weak, smell weak. you know, it's like it's, it is the reason why black men don't go to therapy. 'cause if you scared go to church. So I know they normalizing the dialogue around mental health and mental health awareness. But we've been out here fucked up forever. Nigga you think it's easy to go to school on Wednesday, be playing basketball with your nigga and then on Thursday you trying to do a fucking carwash and fundraiser to raise some money to bury your homie.


Like you can't even process what the fuck that is. Like it's real shit going on out here. And then man, Up man don't cry. Men don't cry this and that nigga. I, the only thing about that video, this is me, I was, I was mental health awareness before y'all niggas made it cool because I, I'm like everybody else fly handsome out here knocking down every bad bitch on human feet. That's a hell of a line on human feet. Yes sir. And, and been at it.


He like that a lot. Real shit nigga. Vaginal activity. Endless. Okay. Only reason I ain't knock your head down 'cause I didn't go out last night. Damn. He talking. Somebody went home with something. 'cause I ain't show up. I wasn't there. She had to do something. That would've been me getting donged out, nigga. Not you. Fuck you. Me. Oh my God. Fuck you, me nigga. My view is nice at my hotel, nigga. That would've been me that've been my work last night, nigga. Hey, I, I I ain't want to go out last night. We go. Good for you.


Congratulations. Congratulations Kenny. Anyway, so all I'm saying is us as men, we black men and men in general. I, I would love to say black. We specifically, we got some different type of shit that we grow up in. I know they love to go Holocaust and make reference to the Holocaust when it comes to the Jewish community. My daughter is Jewish, so I understand the sensitivities of a trauma. We understand the sensitivities of the traumas associated to slavery.


But we live in this shit every day, bro. We like, they will never understand. Even if you in tears and crying and you go into all of the specifics and details about what it is to be a black man in America, they have no fucking idea. They be like, wow, man, I'm listening. I mean, I, I didn't, I didn't know, but you're gonna be able to leave this conversation white man and still be a white man. So your experience in this America is still gonna be through the lens of your skin. We both got the same thing. I'm man you man. This here, this different. Okay? When you get pulled over, you not thinking these thoughts.


When, when, when you call 9 1 1 for help, you didn't know that it was gonna go from calling for help to you being a nigga get shot in your kitchen with a, with a pot of hot water. You don't know what the fuck this is. We do this every single day. And for somebody to be able to crack a joke and we smile to this day, what a blessing for you to wake up in any kind of good mood. When every reason to be in a fucked up mood is at your door every day. Y'all niggas don't understand. So not, not y'all obviously, but I'm talking about like, they don't understand. So, so, so it, it, it's, it's, it's really, it's is really special to wake up every single day.


I'm 45 years old, some of y'all niggas out here refuse to grow up. Turquoise hair, black fingernails announcing you are homosexual trying to fucking fit into the end crowd. Grown ass niggas doing TikTok. Grow the fuck up. It's okay to be a man and say I love vagina and there is no other option for me. It's all right. And guess what? If you out here playing and going big, I'm one of them niggas that also believe in everybody should do what makes them happy. Love who you love. Play the way you want to play. But y'all niggas out here right now, y'all niggas out here, y'all are at home questioning your man.


You questioning your own manhood. Mm. Because of all this shit that's all over Instagram. And you losing track of the confidence that you should be having and who the fuck you were born to be. Now if you love who you love, and you said, man, I've, I'm a man, I've been with women my whole life and I realize that that's where I want to go. Do what makes you happy. Like literally I've never judged or looked at anybody, their race, their religion, their tax bracket or they, they choice in life. Republican, Democrat, live your life, but you are not about to pressure me into thinking of believing any other fucking version of my life.


This a good pussy eye. This. Ooh, listen, listen, listen to me. Good warm vagina. Hey man, listen. Hey moisture, shoot up the clip. He going crazy. Now I gotta get into this man Moisture. I gotta get into this. This nigga crazy. We gotta get into something that, Hey man, I'm so over glad I changed my nigga. This would been a whole nother conversation. If I'm sitting here with my motherfucker, with my motherfucker Great Gatsby old. It'd been crazy.


I'm Gonna say this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. First and foremost, I wanna give a big shout out to the biggest OG Snoop, DO double G, executive producer Death Row films, 1992 mm with Lions Gate. Mm. Extraordinary. when I seen that logo, I was so hype. But Tell us about the movie, Man. Nah, I'm gonna tell you about this movie, 1992 and I'm gonna tell you some stuff, and you was a fucking hell of a father in 1992 when you talk about a black man protecting his son. We gonna get to that. And it connected me with OG Bobby Johnson in South Central when he went and got his boy. But it was a different thing when he was going to take his boy back. And you know, I'm looking at my man from, as I'm watching the movie, I'm looking at my man from, and I, and I only re and the greatest role he ever had was in Goodfellas.


Hmm. I forget his name. Yeah, yeah. Ray Liotta. You told Ray Lio. Ray, you told Oli Ray Loa recipe. You told, he said, what you going to do? He, you, you know what the fuck I'm gonna do? Yeah. It Is going That blow in your hand. you know what I'm gonna do? You had just send it. You now, 1992 was important. And this is why April, 1992 verdict April 29th. April 29th, 1992. 1992, the verdict of Rodney King came out. When Rodney King verdict came out, the people from the black community was upset because we seen on tape what happened to him. And y'all said that ain't happened to him. And the tape killed. They Killed him and brought him back to live Six times. Listen, all that stuff, the tape said this is what happened to him. Y'all tried to say it didn't happen to him and y'all let the police walk after That.


And they, and not only did they get off with a not guilty, them white boys knew they was gonna get off and they was in the courtroom smiling and hugging each other with a, with a, with with they, they all knew what the fuck they did. This is prior to cameras being in Phone. Yeah. That was the first one Prior to body cams. Prior to cameras even being on police vehicles. So somebody rolled out bed with they camera, big ass camera on the shoulder, nigga like this and filmed this black man getting fucked up. And they was, they was tired. Hey man, I'm tired man. You go ahead. They was taking turns, they was taking shift. Fucking Rodney King Up having him chained up. They was waving him, but whatever the case. So they say not guilty.


They moved to to trial. Sorry to they rule to trial Outside La So many of y'all don't know what the fuck This ain. I just wanna make sure I don't miss anything that's important. LAPD beat the shit outta Rodney King killed this man, brought him back to life. They had a fucking fun field day. They treated this man like a fucking pinata waiting on some candy to come out. I don't know what the fuck. And then the trial, because it's a PD the tribe was supposed to be in downtown la I'm born and raised there. I'm not an implant nigga that grew up in the valley and then moved to Watts. I'm from Watts, born and raised. So all of this dysfunction, murder, rape, drug crack, cocaine, cripping blood and black Mexican gangs fighting.


What Was that? What's the name, name? I can't forget them. That, that, that, that big time task force for, for the, what was called, what was the name of that? They used to kick the doors down, run the board doors through The door. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You talking I I crash. Was it? No, I I'll think of it a minute. They had it in straight Outta Compton. Yeah, You know what I mean, but yeah, yeah, yeah. It, it is. This is the level of day to day. I'm talking, talking to real hood niggas out here. Y'all know what the fuck. We live every day. So in 1992, April 29th, not to compare traumas, it was an airplane, it was a tragedy for us. 1992, April 29th, that was our September 11th.


Everything burned down and we was fucked up prior to 1992. The only time it ever happened on that level was in 1965 for the Watts riots. And I was born in Watts. So I was born in 78. We fresh off of like when I was born, most of the buildings in my neighborhood hadn't been rebuilt. Yeah. The Watts riots of 1965, the president of United States had to send Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. To Watts to get niggas to calm down because they was fucking everything up because of the same thing. Racist brutality, excessive force murder. Just like we, y'all niggas don't matter. You're disposable.


We gonna fuck you up and what are you gonna do about it? And so we, I was born into that in 65, born in 78 and now I'm living the shit in real time. Shit that I seen and read about or heard about anybody that's born in anybody who moved to Minneapolis right now, there's no way you're not gonna feel the energy of George Floyd. Would you all agree? Yeah, absolutely. Philly has had his tragedies. Doesn't matter how shiny the cities in the streets are now, anybody from Philly, you'll feel the energy. Feel energy niggas in Memphis. You feel that? Still feel the depression of the assassination of Dr. King at the Lorraine Motel.


Doesn't matter how long ago it was. Anyway, they moved the trial of all these white police officers to semi valley Outside of LA Where not one speckle of black culture is because they knew it was gonna be a white judge and jury. They was gonna get them officers off. And when they was not guilty, they was laughing and smiling in the courtroom, walking through the parking lot. Hey man, how do you feel? You gotta knock it. Where's my car? There's no surprises here. Not guilty, of course. We're on our way home. Sorry black guy. We've done this plenty of times. But this is the first time anybody has filmed it. Okay? So 1992, as much as we want the world to think that this movie's about rioting, looting, this movie is about a heist.


Yeah, I already know that. Platinum. Okay. Rod Ray Liotta, Scott Eastwood, his son Dylan, all white boys, all they crazy. They said, while the whole world is distracted by September 11, We going, we going to go take this money While the whole world is distracted by the riots, the looting, the police brutality, all the niggas breaking in stores, all this trauma happening. We about to go breaking this motherfucking Amazon warehouse because there's a safe in there with 50 million in platinum bars. You know what I know platinum is worth more than gold. Gold in the bars. They said we gonna get that. So the movie is a heist. The movie. This is, this is what's crazy. And I know some of y'all gonna be in my comm talking shit.


There has never been a film in the history of South Central movies with this many white people in it. This is the south central la Fast and the Furious. And You know what's crazy about it? As soon as you start off, when you walk up in that joint, it remind you when Oog Walk up in the store and the young boy was pulled up on you And you like, shout out to the Hughes brother. Shout Out to I feel sorry for your mother. Yeah. Yes. What'd he Say? He, he pulled that gun out on He said how this feel. You said familiar fucking right? Yeah. Young. Yeah. N yeah That was gangster. That was gangster shout. That was some gangster shit. Ain. N no that was n too young. Nph too young to understand that when you see a o way like that, he not to be fucked with.


Yeah. Yeah. Him the fuck alone. The on the hand tape. Leave him the fuck alone young. You A real nigga. You naturally a nice person because You thinking 'cause on gay probably he ain't selling no drugs. Ain't mention his name. He chilling. O is dangerous. Right. Ain Don, nobody else. Fuck You. That's why the other nigga came in the store was like, You know who the fuck that is, is nigga He'll fuck you. you know Boo boom boom. I Can't wait. I can't wait till they see that. Young niggas don't know who the S are because they at the house chilling. Gray facial heads out there walking poodles and shit Up street drinking they beers and shit. Yeah. Big ass stomach. Gorilla titties chilling. That nigga ain't gonna do shit. Yeah. Oh was a monster. Old head was a old used to chase your daddy and your alright nigga old head is the reason your daddy ain't at home, nigga.


They just, the hood know what they know and ain't told nobody old. He used to chase dad. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead and eat some motherfucking Pecan pie and leave that Motherfucker alone with the gorilla tint. He will fuck you up. Don't reactivate the old way. Yeah. Ask your mom about him. I ask your mom about your Motherfucking abortions, your brothers and sisters that probably your brothers and sisters. That was your stepfather before you did 1992. Man. Anyway. 1992 In theaters, In in theaters Labor Day weekend. And the other thing, which is a whole nother vibration, I have to tell y'all because I have to, the most important album I've ever done and created in my life.


20 songs produced by the legendary executive produced by the legendary David Foster today, I don't know when this is going to air, but my mama's song dedicated to my mama's called Wildflower. It's available, just got released on all platinum, platinum streaming, I'm sorry, on all this platinum, all streaming platforms. Yeah. We told a lot of good stories about Mama Priscilla. My mom's passed two years ago, 2022. Sorry to hear that brother. And and so the song Bless you, brother, the song is called Wildflower and Let her Cry. Oh she's, So the song is called Wildflower and people don't know this, but David Foster was actually in a singing group, an r and b group.


He's Canadian, he's a white man. He's Canadian from Canada. And he was in a group called Skylark and they released the song Wildflower 50 years ago. And now, now they only Producer and, and the reason we know the song Wildflower, because the group knew Birth, knew birth. And so David Foster, there's been all of these remakes and remixes of Wildflower. But David Foster has never gotten in the studio to produce or co-produce any other version of Wildflower before. Before now. Except it is. Yeah. So shout out to Brandon. Bam. Hodge fucking genius. My brother. Shout out to David Foster.


Now I wanna tell y'all, in closing, first of all, y'all got a lot of choices of people to love and support. I have no idea why y'all have still made me a choice after all these years. I've never cared about who's relevant. Irrelevant. I've never been irrelevant to me because I can't believe my life. So if all of the choices that y'all have made go to the movies. Even if you online trolling, talking shit, I'm just grateful. Bottom of my heart. Can't believe my life. I woke up one day after wanting to be married for the rest of my days on this earth. Never cheated, no side chick, no abortions, no no dms.


I was fully, fully married. I was with this woman for five years and she woke up one day and I still don't know why to this day she decided she don't wanna be married no more. And I went to the studio and ended up creating an album called Beautiful Pain. Now for all of you, 16 year olds with turquoise hair and black fingernails and out here trying to figure out a way to go viral from your corny ass TikTok Dances. It's a grown man album. It's grown shit every married couple out there. I praise God for every marriage that's been re-sparked because of this album. Y'all may not know this, but there was never a such thing as Luther Vandross featuring Curtis Blow.


Marvin Gaye never did a record with run DMCR and B. Soul Singers went to the studio and they respect the culture. They really, really did this thing for real. They was willing to be scared. They was willing to tell you. I'm sorry I miss you. I love you. I fucked up. I apologize. And they will definitely help you to get some of the greatest vaginal activity Of all Time. Motherfucker time. The reason why we can't, we grown. The reason we can't listen to all that goofy ass shit y'all niggas is releasing right now. 'cause the moment that autotune come through my speaker, nigga, the vibes is fucked up.


I need to go ahead and put some real goddamn RB soul music on so I can get some pussy. I'm trying to like feel It mind. I Can't get no pussy to that nigga. The Fuck is this Lil Tay Tay Little say Say little. What about what? About, what about this RB album? Listen man, I know we love to throw back to songs in the key of life. I know we can't get past all the, I can't get past Del Phonics. Okay? If I had a nine for every time my dream about you.


Dream about you. Come on man. Real shit. Guess what? These niggas is at radio. They got a podcast. I promise. I I got some bad news for y'all. Most of the niggas they interview, they don't listen to y'all niggas on their private time. I've never pulled up on Snoop Dogg in my life and not heard him playing real RB classics. When you groan and you gotta be a part of the culture of hip hop, we gotta, we gotta interview all y'all niggas with 30 chains on and 20 niggas outside goons and y'all niggas out here creating gangster. When you're not gangster at all.


Fuck outta here. We know what's going on. What's creating, I could show up with 30 niggas that don't make you a gangster. What's, What's creating gangster? That's interesting I like that. I'm Gonna tell you what's creating gangster nigga. What I mean, how you gonna go viral? How you gonna appear to be somebody in hip hop That matter if you don't show up looking like the package. It's the package. The creative. They should start Selling Creative gangster packages. That's it nigga. Get some tattoos. Damn. How much? Get some tattoos. Show up with 30 niggas, some beards. Go ahead and get your fake change and pull up with five. Goddamn. Man, you can't afford none of that shit.


Okay? Y'all niggas running around talking shit about mc ham. He actually had the bag. Y'all niggas out here 30 deep and kick nigga it. You seen the interview with Snoop? Talk about a billion stream. That's 1500 bucks. It's bad. It's crazy. You ain't got it. You ain't selling them kind of records to be out here 30 deep. Okay. So with that being said, if you groan, you engaged. You've been married as much as I woke up to the most painful news of my life that she didn't want to be married no more.


And I was able to fall in love again. Shout out to my lady Zellie. I'm coming up on four years. I ain't ever cheated. You ain't ever cheated. We've been doing this. I don't even know where you came from. My album is called Beautiful Pain because I woke up to the pain of the loss of my mama and my marriage and my family. And then I was able to discover the beauty of my pain through my relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ through the love of my life now in Zelly and just me really thinking like, wow, why does God have his hands on me through it all? I got some unfortunate news for y'all.


To all the niggas out here still out here broke and fucked up the way I've been most of my life before I got on Money Ain't never stopped a nigga from committing suicide. The square footage in that house ain't never told a nigga to put that gun away. Mm. You not knowing God and Jesus and having some type of spiritual foundation ain't never stopped you from popping your fucking head off and slicing your wrist and jumping off that building. Mm. The mental, emotional and psychological warfare that we gotta navigate through every single day is hard as a motherfucker out here. Period. And, and most of us have mastered the art of deception. We know how to put a filter on it.


We know how to cut and paste it, put it up on the timeline. We know how to convince you that our life is, but it's not. So when a nigga kill himself or when a nigga jump off that buil building and, and when he just decide I'm done, I can't take it no more. Some niggas end up doing some dumb shit to go to jail 'cause they feel safer in jail than they do on the streets. Y'all will never understand what you don't understand about getting through this level of trauma every 24 hours, seven days a week. So I have to tell y'all, this beautiful paying album is the most important thing I've ever done in my life.


You go to Tyrese tv, I don't care about no record sales. I don't care about no money. I actually don't give a fuck about anything over than being real and saying, well, shit man. I mean, think about this for a second. And nobody would ever say this, you love me already. I don't have to release another album to matter in music. Did I just say that? I make over $250,000 a night for an hour on stage and I ain't dropped an album in 10 years. I make more, I make more money than every nigga opening for me.


And they, they on the charts. Now. I went in the studio after going through some real shit and, and, and I don't like the fact that I'm divorced. I don't like the fact that any of that shit happened. But when you hear Wildflower, my mama's dead in the box. I ain't doing this shit for no money. There's so many of y'all Fucking up RB right now. Mm. This album is gonna be the album that, that that remind y'all with. Y'all gonna pull them instruments back out. Mm. Y'all gonna start writing little real song. You should be ashamed of yourself with them goddamn lyrics in that notepad over another though.


Open another door. Open another door. Open up the door cutting and pasting. Ass nigga. What the fuck is that song? I feel close to retarded listening to this Fuck shit out here on the radio. I'm tired When you listen to this album. It's the only album that belongs on vinyl. You go to Tyrese tv, the album and the movie 1992 is both dropping on Friday, August 30th, labor Day weekend, I got the soundtrack to your life. And this 20 songs Live Tyrese tv. The only way you can get it, I couldn't even get a record deal because of how real my album is.


I just signed my deal last week. I've been out of a deal for over two years. Nobody would sign me because my album got nothing to do with all this gourney ass shit going on out here. Imagine that. As established as I am in RB fan base arenas and everything I just mentioned after some of y'all fragile niggas gonna be insecure about my facts. I apologize. I don't have to release another album to sell out an arena. I don't have to drop an album every year to headline While y'all out here trying to convince everybody to be single fuck men.


Fuck women. I'd rather go home to a poodle and a vibrator every night. 'cause I don't need a man. I don't need none. Listen man, Jay-Z is still very married to Beyonce. Mm. Beyonce is still very married to Jay-Z. None of y'all motherfuckers gonna convince them to do it any other way. I know what the arena and scissor and Summer Walker and Jasmine Sullivan and all of the women out here that keep selling them records talking about the breakups and the divorce and the cheating and fuck that nigga, then blah, blah blah. Nobody wants to be alone. I'm a grown ass man. Mm. If I ended up being alone after my divorce, I don't even know if I'd still be here.


Mm. It's not in everybody's cause to be alone after a nasty breakup. Mm. And you ain't gotta get to a point of I'm fully, fully healed. I've fully, fully taken my spiritual journey. Motherfucker, you wouldn't healed before your husband. Mm. You ain't, you ain't had your shit figured out before you got married. Mm. We all fucked up. Mm. We all look at our mom and our daddy and the house and the environment and the version of love that we was exposed to our whole life. And we end up growing up to date somebody that reminds us of our mama. She dysfunctional as a motherfucker. Why? I keep attracting all of these dysfunctional women.


You are attracting your mama. You attracting your father. Why you dating a deadbeat? Because you was raised by a dead but your father wasn't there. You gonna be with a man that reminds you of the vibrations. It's all. So the definition of breaking the cycle is my mama was an alcoholic. That's probably why I don't drink. I was raised in an environment with no father. That's why I love my daughters. I'm 15 million into a relationship with my two daughters. These family law court system been fucking me up 15 million. Do you love your daughters that much?


How many lawyers are you willing to burn through to make sure that these baby mamas who hate your motherfucking guts don't block the access that you had to your kid? You love your kid that much. You willing to put a million up to fight for your relationship with yours? Don't play games with me bro. I'm a grown ass man. Listen, beautiful pain. 1992, labor Day weekend. August 30th. August 30th, Friday, August 30th. And the proudest thing I'm gonna say to you black man and you black man is that throughout all the baby mama drama and all the shit that I've dealt with my whole life, I had problems while my baby was in the stomach.


Nigga, my two daughters have never called me Tyrese. I'm dad, my house, I'm their father. So mama gonna say whatever she going to say and this house right here. And they don't make me a daddy because of the square footage or what's in the driveway. They good. My daughter don't even know what it's like to be in the kitchen. Been private chefs and butlers and nannies the whole time I earned that. And this house right here. And I'm on flights every day and this house right here to my daughters.


I'm daddy. I'm their father. And if it ends tomorrow for me, that is my greatest accomplishment that I did better than my father. Y'all niggas grow up on that. Y'all go in and keep trying to impress all them goofy ass niggas in your hood all you want. They'll never put money on your books. Mm. They never coming to see you. 'cause they record is more fucked up than yours. Mm. They never gonna take your collect call And they gonna be fucking your baby mama while you locked up when they supposed to be holding another together. Mm. Go ahead and keep going out your way to prove shit to a bunch of niggas that don't matter.


I know what the fuck that is. That's why I'm praising this man for the choice. 'cause we know that there's choices. And when God puts something inside of you and say, I know what I want to do. I know what my in, I know what the red, the hood that taught me and raise me to listen man. It would mean the world to me. I got no pride. No. It would mean the absolute world to me to have my album Beautiful Pain to be number one because this game going to stay fucked up until we support real music. Until we start showing up for real movies, they gonna keep making all this goofy shit. The reason that they keep making slave movies because y'all motherfuckers is putting Oscars in they hands every time they highlight another slave movie as if black people ain't got any other story.


Y'all want to go back 200, 450 years as if we ain't living real shit here every day. 1992 happened in 92, April 29th. And that's a part of real history that happened. And I was there looting and rioting and Out protesting. Shout out, shout out to Dr. Dre for song number four, the chronic, the day the Niggas took Over. Wow. That's the name of the song when they come on. They got actual, you know, brothers talking that's on the ground doing they thing, talking about, you know, as soon as the song come on the day the niggas come up, the day the niggas take over. People don't know that the Chronic came out in 92, December 92, 2 3 Until December 92.


They don't know. Snoop Dogg was just like me in Long Beach. He was looting rioting protest. He was out there. He told me, I was like, damn nigga. He was like, yeah, they was going, Going back and forth to the studio, Drake said as they was lu going outside, coming Back. So the fact that Snoop Dogg is a producer on the movie, 1992, the fact that I was in that for real, and now 30 years later, I'm starring in this movie, man. God has a sense of humor, man, in closing because my PR people is rushing me and I'm sorry for being late, but this is what happens when real conversation. I also understand my stage and platform and, and who am I to not want to inspire all these people out here when we're running outta people to look up to.


I just have to tell y'all, man, stay encouraged. If you don't know the Lord Jesus Christ, invite him into your most vulnerable and intimate spaces. It may be iah for you. It may be you gotta do something that's bigger than you because you ain't gonna be able to get through that shit by yourself. I don't care how long ago it was or what just recently happened, my therapist has taught me stay committed to doing the best you can with every 24 hours you get. Don't worry about next week, don't worry about how you had a vision and the plan it was supposed to happen when, where, how God will somehow throw a whole monkey wrench in your whole situation and have you confused like what bro, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm about to release an album that I wanted everybody else to release.


Button me. Y'all know what that's like to be in the fucking studio singing these words and these lyrics. Like, what the fuck am I singing about? Yes, you went from Daddy right at home with your son to now what? Not comparing. No. What am I talking about? What is going on? Right? Why niggas all in my Instagram, my time now, what the fuck? Like, is this a you didn't even have an opportunity to process your own loss, right? Because as soon as the loss happened, everybody in the world was on your line and got in the way of you just wanting to sit still and pause and process like what the fuck is happening?


Right? I'm in the studio recording an album about my mama. What do you mean my mama ain't like, what do you mean I'm a father motherless child? What do you mean I can't call my mama and say Happy Mother's Day? What do you mean? What do you mean? Happy Father's Day got me thinking about my son and I know what my son and I would be doing and talking about and moments we be having, man, last Father's day, we was just, it's real shit going on out here. Y'all stay encouraged and understand. Don't, don't, don't, don't be so hard on yourself. You are doing the best you can, but stop playing with your life and stop thinking and believing that because you was born in this, that you are this.


Stop convincing yourself that, Hey man, fuck it. My momma from here, my daddy from here, motherfucker. I was a, I was a broke air turned coin, air toying dollar in air turned millionaire. I got one more spot to go. You wanna dig me? I seen death. I, I had every reason in the world to not be here. Love who you love, support, who you support. I may not be your favorite. I'm God's favorite and I'm not going nowhere and I'm running my race.


I'm not losing no sleep over who you fucking, who you dating? Your house, your car, your drive, your jewelry, nigga. I can't believe these, my songs. I can't believe I got 10 billion in the box office. I, I gotta tell y'all something that's a little scary. I'm gonna live and die no time soon. God, God forbid I'm gonna live and die and never be able to meet every fan of Tyrese around the world. I released movies in over 200 languages. God is good. My mama gave birth to a giant and every single day I'm waking up just trying to figure out, wow, God, what else do you have in mind for me? And how do I figure out how to be something that I never thought I would be?


Which is what I explained about the movie set. How do I figure out how to like, damn, okay, God, I'm dreaming with my eyes open. But how do I, what do I do with something that I never asked for? What do I do with where I'm going? Like, boom. you know, your jacket just gets snagged. Oh, okay. That's how it happens. I love y'all man. They, they are killing me because I'm killing them with my overtime. I'm sorry. Hey man, Appreciate you man. Legend y'all. It's worth a game, baby legend in theaters. Y'all. Y'all Doing the right thing supporting these real ones right here, man. Y'all saving lives. August 30th, Tyrese tv.


Tyrese TV ticket Break the site. That double vinyl gonna be at your front door, baby. Double vinyl, 20 songs. Y'all can stream it if you want, but fuck you order that album Vinyl, the only RB Soul album that belonged on vinyl. I love the throwbacks. The game had to change. Shout out to all of the real music songwriters and everybody that showed up for my album of my music. Let get it. August 30th, it's no Skips nigga. August 30th, no Skips bringing that real r and b back. No skips That baby making music. If y'all make sure that this album is number one, they gonna have to put auto tune. They gonna have to rest in piece that they gonna have to put them goddamn beats down that they make it on the iPhone.


Lil Taytay. You gonna have to rest for a little Bit. That's just a little bit, yeah, me, we bringing it back to number one. It is just like that, right?