
Hey, Million dollars worth Of game listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcast, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Right? Yeah. Dude, that was the biggest show he ever did because, you know, as a, as a artist, he only even, he was performing in bars. So that was the biggest show you ever did. S it was one of them. No, that was the biggest show outside of your own shows yourself. Yo, that was a feature show. Yeah. That's real dude. To to know the fa you to, you know, the fast part. Like, that's, I barely know that. Absolutely. How did, was kid growing up, but how did it feel reconnecting with the first time you ever did that and you seen that big, like, how was that feeling?


No. Look. 'cause that was like, like that verse was like one of the first things I ever did when people was like, he might be able to rap a little bit. Right. That you should have seen the people dancing and shaking and moving and jumping and spinning and clubbing while the beatbox was grooving and screaming and yelling. Right there. Okay, Cool. Yo. So that was like, that was, you know, 'cause that's one of the first records that, that we ever did. It was, girls Ain't Nothing But Trouble was First. And, and, you know, brand New Funk was one of the, you know, the first things that, that we ever did. So it was like, you know, developing my style. It's like when you write that, you write a verse that like clicks in your own mind Yeah.


As to like how you wanna rap. Yeah. You know, so I was between girls, ain't nothing but trouble and Brand New funk. That was the Fresh Prince, right? Yeah. But, but how do it feel knowing coming from West Philly? Yeah, man. Hold on. Oh, give Another man. We want to gift you with this Super Bowl. Oh man. West Philly West. Oh. Knocking balls. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? Because West Philadelphia Ooh. We didn't throw it onto the Side. Oh. Threw on side. He didn't throw. Oh, you can turn it back so they can see the West Philly 2002 T. He did a, he did the, he did a, he Did a yo. That's crazy.


Thank you, man. Yeah, man. We know you A big Eagles fan. Yeah, man. West Philadelphia. Born and raised. Yeah. Now, you know, My mom, My mom, you know, my mom just moved, moved to, to la Yeah. So she came out and she, she had her Eagles gear on that church. Super, super Bowl Sunday. She was up at the church with her eagle Eagles gear on. She wasn't playing, huh? Oh, she was not fooling around. Absolutely. The pastor was from like St. Louis or something like that. Like he, you know, he was a fan of the other side. Yeah. My mom had him pray for Saquon. Yeah. It was like, it was hard for him, but he loved the Lord. And he, you know, my mom, She was Off Philly, so he did what he had to do. Right.


Yeah. But how do, how do it feel you good coming from West Philly, starting off in a rap game. And at that time, a lot of people didn't know how far it was gonna go. Yeah. For sure. Didn't know it was going to impact the world. And you wasn't even acting. None of that was in the, in the play. Right. How do it feel to still be here? You saw so many artists come Through. Yeah. Man. Great artists. Yep. And to still be here and to build the empire that you built, how do it feel? You know, it's like, it's funny. You, okay, so you have like a mindset, right? So you go into, when you start something, you have a mindset and something works. So you, you commit to that mindset.


Yeah. And you go back the second time and you know, if you are, if you're lucky, you know, it, it works again. Yeah. And then what happens is your mindset collapses at some point. If like, it stops working, the universe shifts, something changes. And the way that, the way that you used to win, you can't win like that no more. Right? Right. So the, one of the greatest lessons for me in that is you, you, you have to commit to an idea, but be also be willing to let it go when it's not, it's not what's going to make you win anymore. Right, right.


You know, it's a certain attitude that gets a certain way. So, you know, so all of that to say the question of how do I feel? It's like, I, I always feel like ready to change, Ready to pivot. Ready to pivot, ready To pivot. I stay ready to pivot. If a idea is working, if a concept is working, if a mindset is working, I'll go, you lean against the universe with it a little bit. And if it's moving, you go. But always staying ready to pivot. So I, I generally don't feel like successful or like I won. 'cause I'm, I always feel in that same like, balance place of ready to pivot.


What's the new thing? What's happening? 'cause you can look up in a second and be lost. Right. Right. So, you know, for me, I just live in, in student mind. I try, I'm always watching, always feeling, always trying to keep that beginner's mind to find where the next thing is gonna open. Let me say this. Did you, when you first came to Instagram Yep. Was that you making the pivot? Yes. Right? That was, was That you saying the old ways now working? I gotta get in With it. Yeah. So I was so, so in the, you know, 20 years ago to be a movie star, nobody never could know anything about you. Right.


The only place that people could see you was on the screen. Right. And you would keep as much distance Right. And as much separation from the people as possible. So they would pay $10 to go see you at the movie theater. Right. Then with social media, what shifted is people started wanting to be a part of you making the movie. I was watching The Rock and Kevin Hart, I was like, yo, they're showing the wardrobe. They're showing the, the scenes from the movie a year ahead of time. It's like they, they crazy. They nobody's gonna go to the movie. Yeah. And then I was like, oh, wow. People, people want to be a part Yeah.


Of the journey. Whole process their journey. Yes. And like, people won't even go to, people are not gonna be a part of nothing you do if they're not included. Yeah. Somehow through social media. So that was the transition. So when I went on on ig, I had studied it for a co couple of years and I had watched and, you know, it was really hard for me to just like show stuff. Right. You know? Right. Because it, it is like, it, it was just counterintuitive for me. But that was a major pivot. Yeah. From total privacy. Yeah. Total movie star mystique to accessible daily. Yeah. You know, even not looking good, wake up in the bed and do like that that, that was hard for my mind.


That was hard for my mind. Yo. Because because they had you on a pedestal where you always look perfect, right? Yes, yes. You always look perfect. Everything is always perfect every time they see you. And now, but, and then the, the shift in the last 10 years and definitely with this generation is like, nah, they, they, they want to, they wanna see the, they wanna see the regular person, the regular person. Yeah. Yeah. And they're not gonna go if they don't feel like they know you. Right. And your friends and Right. You know, they don't you if you're not responding to comments and stuff like that. And they're like, you know, we don't mess with dude. Yeah. That's real. But now how do, how do you, you know, how, you know, you think damn Based on the true story coming out, you know, there's so many questions I have.


But how do you love, because people think a lot of times when we coming from poverty, music is a, music is a, is a way for us to come out of it, come out of and better our situation for our family. So they think once we get there, it's like, that was just a path that we took for that. Right. I don't think a lot of people understand that some of the greatest artists love music. Yes. Absolutely. It is a love this year. Absolute. Yep. So how didn't the love die when all the success 'cause so much success came to where the you Well, you could just do two movies this year and it's like just Yeah. Like over book. I know. Yeah. I Ain Gotta do. Come on. I know. Yeah. I ain Gotta do Nothing. Well, now you know what, so, so the, the Based On A True Story is, it's, it's really in reference to an experience like in the last couple of years, you know, I really, you know, just shut it down after the Oscars and did like, just full, deep internal work and you know, I looked at all of those, those parts of myself that I had imprisoned.


Okay. But those parts of myself, I wasn't allowed to be in, in public. Yeah. You know, and as I really, as I started to look and started to like befriend my fear. Yeah. You know, as I started to like, you know, admit that I'm confused, admit that I'm sad, really like looking at myself honestly. And for real, what I, what I kind of discovered is those things that I had shoved down as soon as I like let 'em up and looked at 'em like beneath was a whole new well of creativity. Yeah. Right. So it was like, you know, the anything that you refuse about yourself, like, I'm not gonna be sad.


Right. I'm not, ain't gonna be sad. Right. So it's, it's almost like it felt like you put it down and you like put it and it's over a hole. But as soon as you like, admit and like embrace the fact that, you know, you might be a little sad. It like, lets up and it unleashes a whole other part of yourself. Right. When you like admit those things, there's like these crazy wells of creativity. Yeah. And, and poetry and thoughts and ideas. It's like, it opens up like a whole different connection to yourself, right. That if you only going to be this way and you decide I'm only this and it's this little constellation of ideas that you're only going to be, that you're missing all of the, the sauce, right.


Of who and what you actually are. So it's like I got introduced to a whole other universe of myself and new ideas and new thoughts. And


This episode a million dollars Mworthofgame is brought to you by DraftKings. The Great Rewards Hunt is on. So join the adventure with Draftkings Casino for fun seekers. Follow the trail to huge jackpots, weekly bonuses and exclusive games. Plus new players could get their losses back up to $1,000 in casino credits on their first day. Just sign up with the code. Gilly. You hear me? You see it on the screen. G-I-L-L-I-E. Do not spell it wrong. Sign up with the code Gilly and start playing to get up to $1,000 in casino credits back with a minimum $5 net loss. I don't think you hear me. I'm gonna repeat that again. Just sign up with Code Gilly and start playing to get up to $1,000 in casino credits back with a minimum of a $5 net loss only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Would you please put it on and wear it? Who else is doing it like this? Nobody. DraftKings Right. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly 21 and over physically. President Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only void in Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only Lossback for 24 hours, up to 1000 in non withdrawable casino credits that expire in 168 hours. Terms at casino dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


New new perceptions. So being able to put that into lyrics now it's like a fire hose of new ideas. I'm just trying to figure out how to put into art. Yeah. You know, so yeah, I just, I I think that this is about to be the wildest, craziest creative period of my entire career. The, the roles I'm gonna play as an actor, the, the, the music that I'm gonna make, the, you know, the other forms of art, the relationships I'll be able to create. It's like this is gonna be the greatest period of my entire life. Do you think Based on That's all we've got time for.


Thank you. Yeah. I was about to say you appreciate you. Do you think, do you think, do you think Based on the conditioning of our upbringing Yeah. What you just discovered, you wasn't able to discover younger because we are told not to absolutely think a certain the black, the black cell I call it, is a prison cell that we create in our communities. Tell us don't cry, don't be emotional, don't be vulnerable. Don't think outside of the box. You can't do this if you black. You can't do that if you black, if you do that, you ain't black no more. You, you like, do you think that programed you to, how old was you when, when you was able to break outta that box?


Yeah. How Old was you? 56. You think that programmed had you locked in like three days ago? You was No, but I'm just saying No, but I'm saying is what I'm saying is from, from growing up to reaching that point where you could break outta that cell that took decades. Yeah. So you think that was the conditioning of our environments? Yeah. I and, and I'm, I'm only half joking when I say three days ago. It's like I know that's the work of So, so all programming's a prison cell. Yeah. Like so you know, you grow up and you are told you have to be a certain way and it, you know, it's not just our community have a community. You grow, grow up in Italian community. Yeah. You gotta be a certain way. You have to be a certain way. You grow up in a, in a Japanese community, there's a, you gotta be a certain way, you know, so everybody, and it's done out of love most of the time your people want you to succeed.


Yeah. Right. They don't, they want you to not suffer what they had to suffer. So they put the parameters in that you have to behave a certain way and it's usually for survival. Right. You know, it's like there, you know, there, there are some people that have malicious intents when you're, when we're young, but for the most part, you know, we get smacked in our face for our benefit. Our, our parents want us to not do the stuff that's going to get us jammed up in, in the world. Right. So you have that part of it. The the real prison cell is after those people are gone, you do it to yourself.


Okay. So that's the, the real prison cell is whoever did it when you was seven could be dead and gone. And now you do it to yourself and then you do it to your kids. Right. Yeah. You know, so that's the real prison cell. And, and you know, starting to, once you are sovereign and you have control of your life. Life. And for me, when I started to look and I started to see the prison cell of WILL SMITH. Right. And there's great things. It's like being WILL SMITH, ain't we? We not gonna talk crazy now. Being WILL SMITH ain't, ain't so bad.


Right. It's just not, it's just not all of me. Right. There's a lot, there's a lot more, other than those couple of things that I wanted the world to see so I could feel safe so I could feel loved so I could make money. Right. It's just the best of me. But then there's, there's other parts of me that in the last couple of years, I just had to be really, I had to be really honest about the hardest one for me to be honest about it was that I'm scared most of the time. Mm. Right. Like, I'm scared. I, I live off of fear. Fear and I've, I've learned how to let the fear make me get on the treadmill.


Right. I've learned how to make the fear make me eat right or make me address somebody properly so we don't have to get into nothing. Right. So, but I had to really admit that like, fear was the foundational basis of the entire creation of my life. You know, I was scared most of the time and that was Based on my, my childhood. You know, it was like, you know, I couldn't, I was always the smallest ones I, I couldn't really fight, you know? So I would get bullied and my father beat up my mom in front of me and I didn't do nothing.


You know, and it just, you know, it just build in a fear. Yeah. It built in, it built in there PTSD. Right. You know, fear reaction. Right. Right. So it's like once I admitted to myself that I'm scared and then started leaning into it, and I don't know if you noticed, probably, probably about five years ago when I started doing all kinds of crazy jumping outta helicopters over, over, over the Grand Canyon. It was crazy swimming with sharks and all of that. That was crazy. It was like, when I realized I was, I call that Caucasian activity. That was crazy. That was crazy. That was too, that was unfair. That was crazy. You jumped outta a plane. I'm like, yeah, why the, Did you jump out a plane?


Yeah. You came home from prison because y'all had similar things in common. Yeah. Like when he came home from prison, he was like, 'cause I'm scared. I was like, you free now you No. See you scared. Now you supposed to be scared. See, this is funny though. When you say scared, I told him my whole life we be going to do some crazy and I'll be scared. I'm running. I ain and it is not my job to stay there with you. I didn't leave you like, like exactly like I was telling him. I said, will, you should set Charlie up. How you gonna get him if he the first one out the limo and get crazy, he could pull off. So Charlie. So that's why he was lying Charlie up the whole time. Charlie, the first one out the limo. That's what I'm saying because I'm pulling off, I'm pulling off because I'm always scared.


You know what I mean? I'm always scared. So, but but, but Lemme ask you a question. Yeah. In situations like that ever Happen with Charlie All the time. So once we, Charlie became, once me and Charlie became friends 'cause I got bullied my whole life, never going let this damn man Somebody punch Charlie. Oh no, no, no. Charlie, we ain't take no Ls. Oh We ain't take no, we ain't take no Ls. I thought Charlie. Yeah, yeah. Charlie was a track star. I thought No, we, you know, we, we, we we a couple hundred and Oh Okay. Charlie that Yeah. You know, you know, and, and the odd the odds was against us sometimes too, you know. Yeah. No, but it, it, it was, it was, it was really like, you know, the first time in my life, you know, there was 10 of us, you know, when we first went on tour, it was like 10 dudes from Philly going around the world.


Right. So it was like the first time, like I felt strong. Yeah. You know, and I, I felt safe, you know. And you know, most of my, most of my s squad from, from 1986 Yeah. You know, is, is still rolling with me. So That's heavy. Man. Let me ask you this. Let me, let me touch on this. 'cause you said, you know, you was at a sad place and once you lifted up a bunch of abundance of lessons came and you know, people tend to think that when you've accumulated money Yeah. That you happy Yeah. That Oh I mean they rich. He man about what he said, he got money.


This podcast is brought to you in part by Stash. Saving and investing can feel impossible. But with Stash it's not. It's just reality. It's easy. Stash isn't just an investing app, it's a registered investment advisor that combines automated investing with dependable financial strategies to help you reach your goals faster. They'll provide you with personalized advice on what to invest in Based on your goals. If you want to just sit back and watch your money go to work, you can Opt with the award-winning expert managed portfolio that picks stocks for you. Stash has helped millions of Americas reach their financial goals and start at just $3 per month. Don't let your savings sit around, make it work harder for you. Go to get dot Stash dot com slash dollars to see how you can receive $25 towards your first stock purchase interview. Important disclosures, that's get Stash dot com slash dollars paid non-client endorsement, not representative of all clients and not a guarantee. Investment advisory services offered by Stash Investments. L-L-C-A-S-E-C, registered investment advisor investing involves risk offers is subject to Ts and Cs.


But people don't understand that money don't make you happy. Yeah. Yeah. So I wanna know, what is the thing, what is something that make you sad? What is something that make you happy? You know, for me, when I think about my son, yeah. It's immediate sadness. It's immediate and dark cloud. When I think about the fact that I came from North Philadelphia, two bedroom apartment, five of us, and now we never going to be in need of money. That's the things that make me happy, make me proud because I was able to, to change my family whole situation. Yeah.


Yeah. What is it the things that make you sad? Something that makes you happy. You know, so we've never talked since your son, so I just want to send Thank you brother. You know, and even I'm probably be more honest than I should. I didn't have the courage to reach out to you. No, I understand. I had a couple brothers there said, man, I, I didn't know what To say. Like you didn't know what to say and I went to reach out a couple times. Yeah. And it was like, just didn't even know. Yeah, I understand man. It's some of the hardest things. My, my, my, a close friend of me lost his son years before I lost mine.


And it's like my brother. But I, I didn't even know what to say to him. No. Right. You know, know what I mean? So right now I wanna say to you, I wanna send my deepest thank you condolences. And my heart was always with you. Thank you. Appreciate you Will. What was the question? Let me get to this. Alright. I'm trying to figure out how do you go from doing all this stuff? You ain't have album out since 2005. You do all, you get all this success. How do you reprogram to go into the studio, right? To pick, to pick beats. I know The, the pick beats. Yeah. That, that just gettel vibe. The catch your vibe. Like how did you even start? You just wake up one day and say, I'm putting an album out. Yeah.


Nah. What, what happened was like the something opened, right. Even to be able to have that moment. That's a new place. Yeah. That's opening in me. That wasn't opening me. Yeah. Before I wasn't available Okay. To that kind of interaction. Right. So that's also what happened with the music. Something, something opened and it's, it's, it's, there's things I want to say. Right? Okay. So when, when, when I listen to a track, it has like a, a vibration inside of me that hits near a idea.


Okay. Right. So now it's like, ooh, that, that track feels like freedom. Right. Okay. So then it's like, okay, where is, you know, then I start messing around with freedom and the idea of freedom and what does that mean? And you know, but there's, there's, there's a couple songs on this, on this album. There's one, one called Work of Art. And it was like the, the idea of being a a, a work of artists. The concept that even though I'm all of the things like I'm, I'm the good, the bad and the ugly. I'm everything. Yeah. I'm not just the good stuff. Yeah. I'm all of it. Yeah. And even being all of it, I'm a work of art.


Right. So when that concept of a work of art came up, now the lyrics are just going, it's, you know, I am the paint, I am the brush, I am the canvas. I am a saint. But if you touch, I am a savage. Right. I am a Libra, but I identify as a cancer. Mm. I am the tongue, the truth and the lie. Both in tandem. That's deep. I am the sun, I am the rain. I am the wind. I am for real. And I'm pretend I am musa, I am Jesus. And I'm Judas. I am the judge. I am the victim. And I'm the shooter shooter. Damn Right. So it was like the, the recognition that I'm like, I'm all of it.


Amazing. I'm all of it. Right. And then in that idea of realizing that I'm all of it, it like opened up this place where you can, you can really have legitimate compassion for people if you recognize that it's only by the grace of God that I didn't have to make the decisions you had to make. It's only by the grace of God that I didn't have to deal with the things that you had to deal with. But my compassion is open 'cause I know we are the same. Right. Right. You know, so it's like once, you know, once I just started opening and realizing I'm all of that, then it was like I could really like stop having deep negative judgment about people.


Yeah. You know, 'cause I real, he was like, Hey, you know, you gotta make choices I didn't have to make. So all I can say is, you know, God bless you brother and you know, but how you get time to go in the studio when they like just came in from Tarantino man. Yeah. Yeah. Never 30 ball. You writer. Are you writers from Overbrook got? Yeah. Yeah. Or you Right. Brook come. We could do that. I know you like, you like, whoa. Yeah. And let me ask you a Question that just happened today, literally. See that's what I'm talking about. Time. It'd be hard for me to go to the studio, cancel the next year. Yeah. I do it in two years. Yo. Because, and then another thing, how do you choose what movies you're going to Do?


God? Because I know a movie will come to you and it's like top of the line. It's all right. Yeah. I don't know. But that Chick I know. Nah, nah, you know, that turned this damn that is, that is no, that definitely can be, that, that can be real, real rugged. 'cause I, I told myself I wasn't, I was like, I was done with sequels. Yeah. I was like, you know, I made enough sequels, you know, I got some new things I wanna make, you know, and like 40 million. Yeah. Let's, Let's get it out the way. Yo so crazy. Like literally this morning. Literally. That's crazy. I'm telling you, an hour before I came down here, they just came, threw the bag for men in black for another men in black.


Oh man. Like an hour ago. And I was like, ah, I'm supposed to be going on tour this summer. Lemme knock This out. Yours. No. Summertime, it ain't gonna be no knock this summer. Ain't gonna be a, you gonna hear a music, you gonna hit a song. Summer. Summer. That's all you get. You ain't Now I'm gone. I'm going on tour, I'm going on tour. You going on tour, I'm going on tour. I'm doing a tour this summer. You going Then they wanna shoot men in black this summer. Well we do, We do it after, man. Okay. See that's when you, that's you big. No postpone that. Push the movie back three months.


Crazy. And they like, ah, alright, push it back. This. That's Crazy. Well, that's beautiful man. But man, we just want to tell you, we appreciate you, man. Yeah. For just, for everything man. Thank you man. Just coming from Philadelphia and showing everything is possible. Everything is possible. Yeah, man. Because you are like the, the the exact person for kids that's coming up in the ghetto, especially in Philadelphia that can see that anything is possible. Man, Man, here, here, here is the, here's the thing. It's like your mind is everything, you know?


And that was the, that's the thing. If I could communicate, you know, to to young people, it's like you're, there's from Philly, there's a road to every place on this earth. From, from this city. You can become anything that is Available On this earth. And it's like the p the pathway is it, it's your mind. Mm. It's like, you know, you have to, you absolutely have to educate your mind and the, the recognition that the only limits are your thoughts.


If you think you are in a up situation and you'll never get out, you are gonna make that true. If you think, okay, this a little rough right now, but let's hold on, let's just relax. Let's not make it worse. All right. Now let's now get our bearings. And now who knows where they're going.


What's up everybody? I'm Wallo two six, $7 million Mworthofgame. And I am a role partner. One thing about Ro Ro is a life changer. So if you're going through something right now with Ed, don't even worry about it. Ro is gonna take care of all that. Ro Sparks is a 2 0 1 prescription treatment for stronger, harder erections. I'm talking about You're gonna be, you're gonna be standing like a statue. I'm telling you, life is gonna change. They hit the bloodstream like this. They work in 15 minutes on a And guess what that mean? More sex? More. Any I'm, it is a game changer. You want a thicker, a longer erection. Rose Sparks is here for you. Rose Sparks is active in your system system for 36 hours. So you go back to back round at the round and be ready in the morning, be ready for play with Road Sparks Road connect guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online. So there's no awkward conversations with in-person providers. You don't have to worry about none of that. If approved treatment shipped directly to your door, I'm talking about come, you ain't gotta go nowhere. It go right to your door. If you get approved, if prescribed new sexual health partners get $15 off Sparks on recurring plans, Connect with a provider at RO dot co slash md Wog to find out if prescription Ro Sparks is right for you. That's Ro dot co slash md wog for $15 off your first order, what are you waiting for?


You know, and like for me, the best thing that happened was I had like three or four solid dudes from young, you know, with Charlie Mack, Omar, Jeff jl. It was like JL went to law school. Yeah, right. When he came back, he took over, you know, the management of Jazzy Jeff and Fresh Prince and Charlie had been in the game, made his way out and was like, none of that's happening around here. Right. Yeah. Right. So it was like I got, I was surrounded by love and dudes that believed and that was like willing to die for the dream.


Right. We was all trying to get outta here. Right, right. You know, so it was, it was your like, your friends are everything like one bad friend on one bad night. What dude, you done, you're done. You're fucking done. One bad friend, one bad night. You know? And it's like choosing that, you know, the the the thought leading group around you, you know, it's like you can get anywhere from here. Yes. You know, and it's, it's just, you know, it is. And he's living proof too. He did 20 years In prison, came home. He a culture of advise, YouTube, love it.


New York time bestseller. And, and when he was in the, the grips, somebody had him in the grips and he said, this is a rough time for you, but it's going to get Better. Ain't prison. Nobody had me no grips in prison. Well no. So how was it? No, just show. How was they holding you? I heard he was laying on his chest. We believe that shit your head was down was like right here was No, it was actually on his chest because I wasn't, I Was just, I wasn't trying because he was a big guy and like, I'm just being, you know, I, it Was crazy. But we wanna shout out the big guy, big Willie from north, from West Philly for coming through. Yeah. We appreciate you man. Appreciate you man. Always man.


Always Man. Watch success. Appreciate you. Oh man. It's just like that. Yeah, yeah. Right. Listen, listen, listen. You be hard. You'd be hard pressed to find anybody that said they did anything to judge your first prince anywhere on any level. It sound like talking about yourself personally now Yourself. That a little softer than it was.


It's lemme tell you why because I'm saying never been touched. Look, you going to agree with that shit. He gonna drop his bottle. You 38 from Gerard. I ain. No bullets in the game. We got you. See it from the back stop. Ain't none of the gun.


This episode of me and I Mworthofgame is brought to you by Experian Madness. And March is good, but madness and credit is bad. To take control of your credit and finances make, make sure you pick Experian app. Experian could be the financial Cinderella with tons of free tools at your fingertips to help you take control of your financial life. The amount of free tools you get with Experian could, could fill a bracket with things like your free FICO score. You could boost your FIO score instantly free with Experian. Boost free credit monitoring with alerts to keep you to note the changes to your profile and freeze your credit file for free. Helping protect against identity theft. Make sure you're ready for your one shining moment with Experian. Go to the App Store and download the free Experian app now. Hear me right now. You gotta keep up on your credit man. You know, you gotta know what's going down and you, and you can boost your credit. See that's what I like. You know what I mean? Put a little, put a little steroids on your credit. Ain't nothing better than that, but make sure you tap in Experian, you know what I mean? Get the app now. Download it. Results will vary. See the app store for details. Go to the App Store and download the free Experian app now.


Yeah, right. Set on Hancock. He said I'm gonna take your head and put up his a yo. So I see that somebody sent me the clip. Yo, you need to see this clip. They sent me the clip. You, you know, local activist Charlie Mack earlier this afternoon. I was like, what was like, what the dude, I was like, and Charlie's like, you know, and he pulled the gun on me, you know, and I said, you know, because I had been trained, I had been trained, you know, so I grabbed the gun and I was, I was like, is this, I was like, is happening. What is happening right now? What is happening right now? Yeah, like tell me was out there. Yeah, before I disarmed him Mac He, he took, he took off run himself, you know, and I called him down, came down the avenue, but I had already taken his weapon.


Right. You know, so I'm like, was like this Joker Charlie Gump. Charlie Charlie Gump. Oh man. Peaceful bro. Bro have peace. Listen, listen wa listen to me. Wallo has been with every team in the NFL in the NBA and whoever's the winner, he's Don King. No, no, no, No. You see I had the straight Quan. Now he come to me, say, damn Wallo, you the band. I said Sequan, we traded the same year baby. You can't. You you, last year you was running a team.


I was too. I'm home now. This is my city. Exactly. Youo. Lemme tell you something. You, you a cold piece bro. Here lemme tell you. Lemme tell, lemme lemme tell you what's so funny. Support lemme tell you so funny about you. Right. So Wallo, he don't even feel like, like really confident in it. 'cause he's like, yeah I was trolling these jokers. No, you understand My team, He like this. You bowl, you jump in your arm. I just down, I just jersey. He got Eagles jersey and I'll just say Lift them motherfucker. He like, what you doing? Gotta make sure Jersey the first time.


I ain't have a backup though. That's why you good. He said the first time I, first time I a I did it. I was, I was the good luck in Equalizer. Yeah, I was equalizer. I was like, because we got How do you, how do you process that wins. We got history. No, we still will. We just doing a lot with the, We gotta act like we never had Nothing. Well yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. I'm just saying We never had nothing. I'm just saying don't do that bro. Okay. Don't do That. I just gave him a month or two. I'm about to be he now I'm I'm the withdrawal Sunday.


Any given Sunday, lemme tell you about any given Sunday, when it happens, the person wins and the person lose. So basically one person mourns and one celebrate. So I'm saying I'm going through withdrawal right now. I need to face Do you find it that you have to be standing in the first interviews after the games though? Yeah. Doing selfies, Doing self. Like you fucking play hard doing play. Do we play hard? Do we play hard? We play hard. We play hard. Okay. What coach told me, coach told me I could come down here anytime want That's what he told me. So what they told me, You bringing him out the locker room. I'm saying Charlie, that was hard. Shit. He be in the interviews. Charlie be in the interviews like this. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He was like, yo Charlie, step out The camera.


He yo sa or ES No but then hold on, he filming on tv. I'm In LA watching TV and Charlie Move. But you know what's so crazy, right? Yo, you know the white folks with that camera wanna say get the, but he sitting there six, seven, they like, he must be with him who might be his dad. Security think this is Hey listen, I enjoyed myself man. I know. No, we got a cool life man.


You know what I mean? I enjoy it. One thing you going to know is that man lived. Yes, that's it. Yes. No, Charlie enjoyed my life bro. You definitely enjoy your life. Thank you bro. No listen, thank you. You can see that what it is not mean. Thank you bro. Enjoy life too, brother. Yeah, exactly. Thank you brother.


This episode of a Million Dollars Mworthofgame is bought to you by JackPocket or the lottery tickets right from your phone with JACKPOCKET America's number one lottery app. JackPocket has so many lottery games to choose from. They have Powerball, they have Mega Millions, and they have other official state lottery games. Best of all, new customers get first lottery ticket free using Code Gilly. So what are we waiting for? Can you pull your phone out right now? Download JACKPOCKET Punch and Code Gilly. You get your first lottery ticket for free. I'm talking about Mega Mega Millions Powerball. If you hit, you are wealthy forever or me, I mean what are you Wait for JackPocket America's number one lottery app. Download JackPocket app right now. Don't forget Code Gilly JackPocket America's number one lottery app. An official partner of Barstool Sports. If you have a Gambling problem, one 800 GAMBLER. If you in New York, call 8 7 7 8 8 OP 8 7 7 8 H-O-P-E-N-Y Ort Hope and y Jackpocket America's number one lottery Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 18 or older, 19 or older in Nebraska 21 or older in Arizona. Jackpocket is not affiliated with any State Lottery void. Were prohibited. One per new customer. Enter promo code at checkout for $2 non withdrawable credit. See terms at jackpocket dot com slash tos slash free slash ticket slash promo Sponsored by Jackpocket Based on 2024 iOS download data collected by Sensor Tower.


Yeah, This is the first left hand handshake. Do bro. What, what the fuck you doing? Come on, come on. Listen, I just don't want you to talk about anything else but the Philip Eagles. Yeah, no. Does anything matter? I'm saying does anything else? No. He had a Super Bowl party and he had merch. I had my own mer merch at the, I had merch bro. That's what I'm merch. Had merch. That's what I'm about. Had mech at what I'm talking about family. I had merch, special merch for the family. Listen, no, That's when you got assistance on assistance. Listen, Put Together, listen. And didn't say he was throwing the party to the day before. Told the Super Bowl party, get merch the biggest cake. A helicopter outside. They cra La I'm like, Get merch.


It was Eagles merchandise. You ain't, he had a bar set. It was like a box. We, we had special, we had special grade drinks. Where you get from, That's what you do when you're wealthy. And all his assistance panicking like I'm oh shit party. What, what, what? Guess what we need? We need a Jalen shirts at the Bad boys. How can we, how can we do that? Gonna be we, we, we went, we went hard with it. They gonna figure it out. Trust me. You gonna walk downstairs. It's gonna be equals country. I guarantee that. Leave you me, you gonna have everything that you can think about. I Know they, they making It happen.


Yes sir. Nah, it's really, it is good. He Might cuss him mouth the next day behind killed Got my brother. See, see this how we doing the business spotlight now? Who's stacking and who capping. Feel me? All you do, we pulling up out here. I could make you rich overnight giving out this false information. We ain't doing none of that. Now we, you gotta show us that you for real. That you really doing it off of business. That you say you doing facts.


You what I mean. That's why we pulled up the Dion. Y'all see how you doing it laying where the keys at? Start this joint up man. TI got you BW up. I want to hear this thing. You ain't gotta pull over there. I wanna hear the growl on this joint over there. Come on man. I let you in there. We giving y'all the, the news y'all can use, but we gotta make sure we give it to y'all from the right people. That's it right there. That's it right there. I Mean, hey look, hey look.


I mean I seen a lot of people sitting on the couch. Yeah. I Hey Waldo, I seen a lot of people sitting on the couch. Huh? I don't, I don't know who really doing it. Like for real though. Huh? Y'all see what we doing out here? Huh? I seen a lot of people sit on the couch. I seen a lot of people sitting on that couch though. Cut It off. We gotta talk about This. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You hear Me? T-Rex back there. Lot of people sat on the couch. Business people. I sat on the couch, but D it wasn't always like this. D you know me, they see you do your thing, you come up, you helped a lot of people out. Yeah, but, But you were up. Nah, I was, I was down bad. Like, here's what's even crazy. We in 2024, right? And 2021, I had to take out a loan to pay my mortgage.


That's how bad I was down. Like, like seriously. Like now I've been a business owner for the last 16 years. I went full time the last eight years. Left my job. But it, it was a grind. It was a struggle. So like, it ain't like no overnight success. I, I came from the ghetto. I came from the hood south side of Chicago, like born and raised. But why nobody never talk about that part. Like, you know, a lot of times people act like business when you, you know, when you start a business, the first thing people think, oh I got a business. I start a business. I'm my life change. Yeah. The thing about it is, man is everybody just, it's like everybody think it's easy. Everybody think it's simple. Nobody want to talk about it because they don't want nobody to know where they came from. But thing about it is that's how people connect with people. Okay? Like if I tell my story and I tell you where I came from and I show you the fruits of the label, like, like y'all here seeing everything today, then it, it tells somebody who, where I'm from, where got the same situation, what's possible.


I tell my story all the time. Like that's why people follow me. That's why they connect with me because they say, well you being genuine, you being real, you being honest, you being upfront, you telling us what it is. Like I don't wanna scare nobody off and I don't want to seem like I'm too good for somebody. Like I'm too high. Like I've never been down here. I've been down here and I had to go through the stroke. I had to go through what I had, you know. But the thing about I, I grew through what I went through and people don't understand. You gotta grow through what you go through. So the reality is that I've been down and now I'm up. But I tell my story and I tell that part because I need people to know what's possible. Like when I post on social media, I, I post my car and I, I post money and stuff like that. It's not to brag or nothing like that. It's really to show what's possible. If, if I'm from the south side of Chicago and I can make it out and I can do some of the things that I'm doing now, like relocate my family to Georgia, you know what I'm saying?


Got this crazy crib now. Like I like my, my crib that I grew up in. I could put it in my garage. Like that's how small it was. But I see now you got a fulfill sign on The lawn. Nah. Yeah. That's fact. So I'm selling this crib because me and the wife, we just closed on 12 acres. Mm. We building a 12,000 square feet crib. Mm. You know what I'm saying? It's cool. But the reality is, again, this is, this is, this is the level up. You keep, you keep elevating now. Okay, I gotta keep going up Now. Now, now what, what makes your programming, when I say programming, 'cause a lot of people teach, but you got a program. Yeah. What makes your program different than others? The reality is that I'm teaching real stuff that people can do in real time and it gives you real results. Like most people be, they want I instant gratification.


For me it's not about that. It's about me giving you real information in real time. That worked for me. Now I'm not teaching the concept that I heard on the internet and now I'm trying to feed it to you. But it's BS and I don't know that it work. Like I, I give people what actually works for me. Like when I left my job in 2016, all I had was $40,000 in credit. And I paid my mortgage, I paid my car notes, I paid all my utilities, I put food on the table and I paid child support with my credit cards. So I knew how I learned how to leverage credit cards. I learned how to leverage cash back and reward points. I learned all of this stuff through trial and error. So when I learned it, I documented the process and it made it easy for me to teach people.


And when I started teaching people, people was able to actually get the results and not because it was just like, I got results 'cause this just this happened. No, they got the results because I did it and I showed them what to do and they was able to get the results. It's easy. Where, where is them? I always see you with these plaques. You be having these plaques like these, these platinum like record plaques for business though I don't, I forget where they come from, but they be like, what is the plaques and where, where is the plaques at? And what do they like? They they they in the back, if You look, let me, let me see the plaque. Yeah, I see The plaque. So if you, if you walk back here, I'm gonna show y'all. And this this building right here. I built this, this actually a building that I built for my mom. Wait, right Here? Yeah, this one right here. So, so this building right here, this whole building right here.


I built this for my mom. This is her actual house in my backyard. Like this right here. So you build her and then connected to this is where the plaques are. Lemme see them plaques real quick. I Got you. Lemme show you the plaques real quick. I got you. So you walk to the back, hit this door right here Because he always be having these plaques. Now I never seen the plaque in person. I seen a couple brothers, you him, a couple of y'all with the, okay, So these are plaques right here. So this is my office space. This where I work at, this where I hang out at. So when I want to get away from the wife, the kids, you know what I'm saying? They just work. I work here. So this is my desk, I sit here all day, y'all see I got the Mac joint, but then the plaques right there. What is they for? So in business, when you create a product that is successful that people can actually use and get results from, it generates a certain amount of revenue.


So each one of them represents making a million dollars or more with one product. Damn That It's a successful business. That means that I came with an idea and a concept who Get 'em plaque out. A gentleman named Russell Brunson and ClickFunnel. Oh I know Russell Brunson. I've Read his book. So we, so, so Russell Brunson GTOs out. So I use his platform called ClickFunnels in order to offer my products and services to, And they're tracking and they're tracking activity so they can be able to, so this is not No, you can't just buy No, no, you can't buy the hell. Nah, no. Like they track the revenue. Yeah. Like they track the revenue And when you go over a million dollars, they send you One out, they send you one they send, they send out in the mail. This, this the box that they come in right here, that's The box. But that's a different joint right there. You made a million of a day. Yeah. Nah, This one, one here I got, actually I got two of these.


I got another one in the house, but I made a million dollars in a day a few different times. So they sent me this one, I put that one up and I got another one in the house. But yeah, that one right there is for my mentor. Myron Golden. Yep. Yeah, I see the MG. Okay, Myron. Yep. Yep. He be doing this thing. Yeah. So just again, just helping people teach real concepts, real information. That's it. Making money at the same time. Let's Go back out here. Yes sir. Like what's the program right now that somebody get with and they be like, I wanna see what Dion got going on and how can I Get down?


The main thing is, is really my software that, you know, we've been putting out there, the Metro two compliance software that allows a person to do two main important things, which is put themselves in a position that, you know, I had to get to in order to improve my financial situation was improve my credit. So we got the software, I know people was hitting you up about it telling you like, man, I'm getting real results. You know what I'm saying? So we got that software that allows a consumer to improve and enhance their credit profile with one click of the button. Artificial intelligence is, is crazy. Like it's changing the game. And and the reason why I'm, I'm saying I'm bringing it up is because most people, when they think about improving, enhancing their credit, they going to pay John John over here a thousand dollars, $2,000 and he ain't did nothing because he don't understand Metro two compliance. He ain't got no software. And so he lazy and he don't really know what he doing. He just trying to do something. I'm saying that because now we got real people in real time using this software getting results. And it's only a hundred, a hundred dollars a month, $150 a month. That's cheap. You know what I'm saying? It's a super cheap way in order to improve. We talking about bankruptcies, collections, evictions, student loans, late payments, it don't matter what's on that, we going to get it off because compliance standards say that if the items can't be reported, it shouldn't be there. So it's a totally different way of, you know what I'm saying? Talking about removing items from your credit profile. The second thing is we're putting people in a position to make money. So if you know how to use the software, you improve your credit. Why don't you use the software to help wallow improve his credit? If you know how to use it and it helped you, why don't you go get Wallow and a few other people make you a few thousand dollars a a month using the software. It's easy to use. So that's what I'm putting people on. I want people to understand that it's, you don't have to sit there and just be okay with bad credit. Like that ain't, that's old. Like we going, we gonna get that credit, right? We gonna go to the bank, we gonna leverage our credit, we're gonna go get us a house, we're gonna go get our cars. I did all of this stuff off credit. I ain't use none of my money. I leveraged the bank's money, chase my business partner, discover my business partner. American expression. Why You say business partner? Because I'm taking they money and I'm making money. Normally when you got a business partner, y'all come together, y'all put y'all money together and y'all make money together and y'all split the profits. Yeah. So I go to Chase and I say, cool, let me get a, let me get a line of credit. They gimme a line of credit. Like my, I got my one Chase card, I got $120,000 limb on it. So, so I use that one 20 every month to market and advertise my business. And so it puts me in front of people. So when I spend that one 20 and I make money, let's say, let's say I, I make 200, 300, whatever it is, if I double it, I'll pay them their money back. That's my business partner. Every single month I'm using AM American Express Platinum. You got the American Express, y'all got the, you know, I'm using they money in order to make more money for myself. But we wasn't taught that. We was taught Oh yeah, we'll stay away from credit. Use it as an emergency fund. No credit for me is an opportunity fund. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm leveraging credit in order to create everything. Y'all see my 800 credits gonna got the lamb. Like I can't get no Lamborghini without no good credit and sure can't get without no money. You know what I'm saying? So that's, that's, that's what I'm putting everybody on. Use this software and prove your hands. Show credit. Let's go. How do they get it? What do they hit up? They just need to go to metro two phenom.com. M-E-T-R-O, phenom P-H-E-N-O m.com. Metro two phenom.com. So when they come to the website, what they getting? So when they go to metro two pheno.com, I'm gonna get 'em a Metro two ebook. We're gonna show 'em how to structure out their personal credit profile and use the software and they got training in it. They ain't, ain't no issues. Free live training. They getting that. That's so once you subscribe and you get, you make your payment and you welcome email, they gonna get the Metro two ebook. I'm gonna give 'em a business credit ebook so they can learn how to put things in their business name and build business credit. Right. Everybody who doing all this stuff on your personal side, but we over-leverage on the personal side. We need to learn how to build business credit and put things in our business name. Right. I'm gonna give you that ebook then I'm gonna give you a manufacturer spending ebook, which is gonna show you how to go out and get cash back and reward points. So as you leveraging your credit using credit cards every single day I'm gonna teach you how to get cash back and reward points and leverage those credit cards. Then I'm gonna give you a bank funding list. So once the person approved their credit, then now they're in position to go to the bank. I'm gonna get 'em a list of banks that they can go to and which bureaus they pull as well. So now you ain't gotta figure out what can I get approval? Can I get declined? If your Equifax is good right here, go to bank that pool Equifax. Right. Hit it. If your TransUnion is good here, go to bank that pool that. Right, right. So I'm gonna get 'em all. Once they go to that website and they say, cool, I wanna improve my credit. Once they make that payment, yeah, check their email. It's gonna be a link in there. I'm gonna get 'em all four of those for free. They got it all. It's on me just for watching this episode. Just for tuning in metro two phenom.com. I ain't even saying no more. You. The life together been the spotlight. You wanna get your life Together.