
Hey Million. dollars worth. Of game listeners You can find every episode on Apple podcast. Spotify or YouTube? Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music, right? You're now tuned into mint, mint, mint, mint, mint million dollars. mworthofgame. We right here, Atlanta Paradise East YOUNG, NUDY BABY. DRILL Listen. man, come check us out, man. You see where we at? Present? Atlanta PRESENTED. BY JACKPOCKET. We had to come to the Ghettos of America right now, east Atlanta. You feel what I'm saying? Young Nudie, man. BABY. DRILL, man. It's that real shit, right?


This episode of Million Dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by JackPocket Feeling. lucky. Hmm. Well, get ready to try Your Luck with JackPocket America's number one lottery app with JackPocket. You go to Powerball and make a million tickets right on your phone. They even have official state lottery game, so you can just whip your phone out right here. You know, wham, you download JackPocket, right? You could. You could write official state lottery games. Powerball Mega Millions right here. It's that simple. Every day there are millions up for grabs right on your phone. You should try to get you some New. customers can get a free lottery ticket using Code GILLIE. That's GI GILLIE All, right? That's called GILLIE for a free Powerball or Mega Millions ticket. Don't wait. Download JackPocket now for your chance to win. And if you, you so happen to win off my ticket. Don't forget a player. You know I ain't asking you for nothing. I, but I'm asking you for something. Make sure you download JackPocket though. America's number one lottery at promo code GILLIE. Get that free ticket, man. This might be the ticket to change your life. You never know. New customers get your free ticket using code GILLIE at JACKPOCKET dot com. JackPocket America's number one lottery app Gambling problem. call one 800 GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 HOPENY or text HOPENY. 18 or older. 19 plus in Nebraska 21 plus in Arizona Void where prohibited Promo code required for $2 non withdrawable credit. Prize amount may differ at time of drawing terms. JackPocket dot com slash toss slash free. Dash ticket dash promo slash


You see what's going on, man? Yes. Paradise. Zs, Atlanta. Yes. Right here Listen man, you see, you see what we with right here is going down. Listen, this, this youngin right here almost got 10 years in the game. Yes. I'm talking about 10 years. You came out 2015. How you feel man? Shit. I feel good. Don't sitting right here Tony. Y'all Like, like you know, like, you know, did you think it was gonna go this long? Do you think you really was gonna be in the game this long? Shit, don don't know. Nah, hell nah. Nah, nah. I really, it my beginning stage, I ain't think so. But now I feel like, yeah. Yeah. When that Paradise two East Atlanta came out and first hit and you first started getting that, like how would you, like where, where was your mind at then?


Where was your mind at? Damn boy. You just went back then. Oh shit. I don't know. I was just trying then I was just trying to rap that shit. I really wasn't even stand that shit then. Where we at? We on Gresham right now. They the block. Huh? We on Gresham. Yeah. Block. Yeah. gre. Yeah. Yeah. Gresham Road. Man Road Flat Show Boulder. Huh? That my hood, man. East Atlanta, man. Zone six, man. We ain't more folk. Welcome to zone six, man. East Atlanta. You hear Me? Yeah. We come right to Gresham Road Pull. Right. No fucking issues.


No issues, no problems. we out Here now, now, now, now. You know you dropped that. You know they, everybody jumped up on it. you know what I mean? That was you establishing yourself as a artist. you know what I mean? Like, like how was it when you first realized, oh shit, they fucking with it. You know? 'cause a lot of young cats, they fuck with you Nudie and they, they, they don't, they don't know the sauce and the ingredients of when you feeling it. When you starting to level up. How was it when it hit? It hit the streets, it hit the people and it was like, how was that? I don't know. When I first felt like, like they were fighting with me, it probably, when I did, it's a song called 30 Hangout.


I did that and done got like 80,000 views. So in my mind, you know nigga come from getting 500 views and shit, that motherfucker got 80,000 motherfucker. I got 30 million outta fucking Right. Hell yes. I'm too happy for that shit. Fucking right. I'm like, hell yeah, they fucking with me some shit. But I did that. I just kept going, kept trying this shit Back then. Getting them 80,000 views hard Now that was a lie. Feel better back then. They getting the millions of views now because it's expected. Yeah, Yeah. You Feel me? Yeah. Back then when you, you fell asleep and woke up and said oh shit, 17,000.


Oh you refresh a couple hours later. 23,000. Oh they fuck it with me. Yeah. A lot of times that's all the youngest be me and man. To really have that motivation of like, yo, I could really do this. Yeah. I could make this shit pop off. Like that was, that was the beginning stages of your motivation. You feel what I'm saying? And now we here on, on Gresham. Yeah. Motherfucker tell me you got a whole fleet of them things too. I'm talking about all fashion as I'm sitting here and you talking that shit and I'm peeping your motherfucking grill. I know this in this one stone and there motherfucking joint.


Yeah. Big Stone, chum Cies, different type of shit. You feel what I'm saying? Like so I salute you man. Thank you. Because you a young nigga and, and I'm gonna keep it all the way real. Waller was the first nigga to put me on you. Yeah. Yeah. He called me yo, check him out, get he hot man. Young boy outta Atlanta da. I'm like, when I listen at that shit, I'm like, oh yeah, that shit go. This shit go. I got listen, listen new, listen Like, I be on everything. And it's like, because it's a lot going on 'cause I always fuck with Slaughter Gang. So I'm like this shit and like if Savage, I fuck with anybody. What is some game that Savage gave you? What's some game that he gave you? That we where, where, where it was you ever fighting it? 'cause you still coming up as an artist.


Was it ever a time you was fighting the game as your young one trying to come up? You Like, I got this my way and he trying to, was it ever that time where he was giving it to you? You was Like I? Don't know man. Don don't know. I mean he helped me with a lot of shit. So I don't know. I can't really just one of them moments where it felt like that don don't think I really just had that moment. You feel what I'm saying? Because shout hour kind like, felt like he knew I wasn't stupid enough to do some type of shit. you know what I mean? So he kind of already knew. But besides stupid shit, shit I don, I can't really say.


I know he gonna tell him not to do some stupid ass shit though. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That for sure. But having him was was that, was that a major, was you able to look to that and you was like, man, Tony one could do it. I could do it. Oh yeah. Yeah. No shout despised me like a motherfucker. Nah, hell nah. Shot came from nothing. So you know, I see a nigga like him do it. I'm like hell yeah I know I can do it. you know what I'm saying? Shot a real nigga. So shit, especially at that time it was like it was a real nigga time, you feel me? Like yeah. You know everybody kind of stayed in they place in they lane with they music. So it, that shit kind of worked it out for everybody. But don don't know man. When did you start tapping into your business side of things? Having ownership and making sure your situations was proper, you know, 'cause people don't you, you're not just young Nudie the artist, you Young Nudie, CEO like you, you a business businessman.


When did that really click into you when you locked in on that Shit? 2019 we might head got got sent back to jail for all the little bullshit we was dealing with and got me realizing Like, I gotta see about my business and shit. And me not knowing about my business and shit like that. And something like type of shit with my money and shit. It was like damn, I supposed to be sitting right here. Like learning this shit myself and seeing about my business myself being on these calls and even me and shit myself. I really just let other motherfucker goddamn handle to be in it for me. But turned around that shit bite me in the ass. Especially when I got locked up. So I'm like damn. But he did.


So when you was in prison, did you have any jail? I huh? I ain't got no prison. What's more that? We ain't going No, You got locked up. Okay. Ain't go no motherfucker ain't He just got locked up. Alright, Alright. No you said because you seen it like when I wanted the back? No, he got locked up. Oh okay. So I'm Like I was ready ask you you had any jobs in that month? No. Oh nah. Hell nah. Hell nah. Nah Uhuh nah hell nah. Hell nah. Hell nah, hell nah. he said, he said but But Gil what you know him by? 'cause you we know him as Young Nudie, but what you I know Boo Boo. Okay. Yeah. Who I know Boo Boo Man, Ms. Jackson called him Boo Boo rust. Peace man. So in peace to lunch grandma, y'all listen, listen rest and the next Mix tape is called Boo Boo.


Right. We just threw it out there thing. I know Boo boo. Rest in peace Ms. Jackson. She called the boo Booo. I'm called nigga Boo Boo. But what I really want to know is, this is the question I really Boo boo. This is what we need to know this I really Want y'all, I know what the fuck did this music, fuck D he fucked up Fuck d let me, but let me ask you a real question, right? Yeah. Like when I was growing up, basketball was my dream. Yeah. Like was was was rapping your dream? Like when you grew up you was like you was Like. I wanna be a rap, that's what it was. Hell nah. Hell nah huh. Nah. I wanted to be some other Shit.


Oh okay. But now that when you, when you was in it, when you got into the rap, did you learn to love it? Yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. My fans bring me. Love it. What made you, you love it? Yeah, When I see other people happy they be like well just see your music since I was in eighth grade. Yeah I'm in college now. Shit like that. You know that shit like So it's safe to say you in love with the music now? Yeah, I'm in love with it now. Kinda like you was in love with jazz back in the day. your first girlfriend Jazz up You Don. Well she gonna be too happy. I done said some shit like that Man, y'all crazy. Yeah, I know. Shout out to Jazz man. Hey Listen man.


My older little girl mama. Yeah I know people that know people. you know what I, I know people I had to call, I had to get on the phone with my mom Dukes man it was his real first girlfriend. She broke everything down to me. So I said I'm gonna fuck with him. We had to, you know what I mean? That was years ago. But shout out to Jazz. Shout Out to jazz. Yeah but boo boo with jazz. Back in the day Y'all did it. We Had, we had to get you. We had to get you man. See Lemme just tell you something. You know how you know this is a great interview 'cause we got Nudie cracking. No laughing up. This don't happen. I ain't never seen a nigga smile. Damn boy. The nigga smile three times a year. You hear me?


So how this shit treating you right now man? I'm saying you. Yeah, Well like life. Yeah I mean shit, you know nigga have they ups and downs, you know they gonna always be bumps in this shit. But don don't know. I mean music wise that shit going good. It straight it be more personal shit like life and shit like that. You know like with home bar, apartments, life losing friends, envy hate all that type of shit. How do you deal with staying focused though? And keep going no matter everything you going to, you keep dropping Shit. My children, my children and my fans, I gotta keep going. Shit. Yeah. If I ain't making no money, they ain't, they they can't eat. If I ain't, they ain't got shit I like to eat.


Right. Fuck that. Yeah. So that's my motivation right now. This episode a million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by GAMETIME. Football season is here and we can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of GAMETIME, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports, you know how much we love GAMETIME now with their brand new GAMETIME picks feature. They're making it even easier to get to the game. GAMETIME picks, filters out fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. I was looking at tickets for the, for the, the Sixes game before I got my front row seats.


You know it took a little minute but I was looking for tickets and I, I jumped on GAMETIME and it, it cut out like a lot of the nonsense. It just took you right to the best prices, the best deals, the best seats for the best value. So GAMETIME is where it's at. Just pull up the chosen event. Turn on GT picks settings at the top of your screen. Or browse the best local GAMETIME pick deals near you on your GAMETIME at homepage. What are you waiting for? I'm going to buy you those Eagle tickets this Sunday. Man. You can get 'em for your girlfriend man. That's what you tell 'em. Buy you them Eagle tickets this Sunday. Go on GAMETIME and see if you can get in there. you know what I mean?


It's gonna get you right in with the best deals, the best tickets, the best picks for the best value download GAMETIME at right now. Use code dollars. You hear me? D-O-L-L-A-Z to easily score great deals with the new Gametime Picks. That's dollars spelled D-O-L-L-A-Z. What time is it? It's GAMETIME. What's the best part about this rap shit? Is it, is it the recording process of making it? Is it when you hit that stage and you and you and the motherfucker lights hit you and you just stand there and they go Ah That's what you Like I.


That's the best part, Huh? Nah, I like that right there. I ain't even gonna lie. Yeah at first it used to be the music but before, once you hit that stage and them folk know your shit. Yeah And, all them lights come on. It just a whole bunch of lights. Oh My God. And you walk out there, they screaming and you could just see the first two lines see and they just go crazy and you just walk and They grab your whole concert And you walk around. You like I'm that nigga. That's the greatest feeling in the world. They just singing your shit. You just like this. Yeah. Greatest feeling in the motherfucking world. Why? That's how the nigga used to be at the prison talent shows. Man. Man get the fuck. Hey y'all too funny. Hell dumb Shit. Y'all funny as fuck Did see that feeling that he talking about the show. You never got that show 'cause you was performing at little get togethers and little Parks and shit Recreation.


You never got that feeling. I feeling he when he go on stage and do that, you never was able to do that 'cause you ain't had that many fans to know your fucking Music. He the fuck out. Fuck Outta here now. Now being het have that many fans. Fuck 10 people in the crowd. He's a bum bu ass rapper. you know what I mean? You was a cash money hype man. That's all he was. Damn. But Listen, don't you believe this shit, The whole thing is like you got 10 years in the game in next year. Couple months. Yeah, couple more months. Make 10 years in the game. How do you feel man like that to be able to last, you know, you know the average artist come out, they got one single a album that nobody never fuck with and then they fade. I'm talking about, you know how many artists in 10 years, a hundred thousand artists came out that we all heard of or knew of and ain't nowhere to be found.


How do that feel to still be around? Don? Don't know man, shit. Take your time. That's all I can say. Shit. That what I feel like that got me here. So the field part, shit, I it still ain't hit me yet. For real, for real. I swear folk be having to tell me like, you know you at a certain level certain steady. But in my mind I be looking at this shit like, like boy you see where we at? Huh? I see where we at but shit, we ain't gonna act like you ain't s like you, you, you, you are going in the books coming up out of the a. Oh yeah you are on the list. You on the list. A lot of people, you had artists that did come out but ain anybody not gonna make it on that list coming out the a that's gonna go from the a to the whole, the whole game.


That group that's coming out, that team that's coming out, that football team's coming out day for the, for this art. You on it so you know what I mean. Like everybody I don so got no you on it. Fuck here. You on it. I hope I get my little good recognition. Yeah, throw me in there somewhere. You feel what I'm saying? I ain't tripping You on it. Throw me in there Like, like, like you know you got that. I like the humble in you though. Yeah, he humble. Yeah. I like that. You because let's be for real man. We ain't gonna sugarcoat it man. You really one of them niggas man. Yeah, yeah. You feel what I'm saying? But I like that you remain humble man. You feel what I'm saying? Like, I don't even want little peace. Even though I deserve a big motherfucking don don't even want little, I just want be recognized a little bit.


IIII admire the humbleness. you know what I mean Because a lot of motherfuckers, they, they don't get one 30 for what you got and they walk around like I'm the best in the city. I run the world out here. Shut up dog. Yeah, it's a lot of That going, you got, you got 800 fucking streams on Spotify monthly, man. And, and 700 of them bitches is you. Man, chill out man. That nigga that crazy. You know what I mean. You listen, see yourself 700 times this month nigga. Shut up man. So at the end of the day, man, I admire when you could get money, you could have a fleet of cars, you could have a single stone in each tooth. That motherfucker grill present. I ain't gonna lie.


You, you nigga sauce buddy. Y'all nigga stepping that shit up a different level. But motherfuckers get the little pebbles and shit. These motherfuckers getting one rocks and shit over the top of the pebbles and shit. What's so I Admire that man. You know What I But, but morning tobacco smoke increases the risk of lung cancer and heart disease even in non-smokers. This episode of me Odds mworthofgame is brought to you by Swisher Sweets Swisher Sweets Noses. You are all about the level Up. And so are they with a family of brands that provide a smoke for any ses with Swisher, Sweets is more than a ses. It's a refresh Ignite an icon with Swisher Sweets Savor, hand selected pipe tobacco with BLK Elevate your smoking experience with legend or kick back and enjoy America's broad leave aged for two years and leave.


Whether you're gathering your crew for a sesh or having a smoke alone. For a moment of reflection, refresh your sess with Swisher. Sweet. Right, But what, what, what like, like, like what is next for Nu Like what's next Slime year two probably a little surprise album. I ain't gonna speak to slim Year two. I'm gonna call it surprise album. But yeah shit. Tell shit Like that. Tell em where the whole slime mixtape come from. Give like where was that on your mind? Like where, where did the, the the first one come from? Like to now? Oh Nah, that my name. Oh that was Your name? That my name just in the street. But A lot of people but, but people didn't know that so but why you say Slimy Ear?


Oh, slime Ear. Yeah. Oh nah that just me and Pierre coming together. Yeah. Yeah. So we just, you know, put together, put our name together, type shit. I used to be slime, now I'm slimy young nigga. Niggas like, oh you still out here, you got the mask on. They dunno, he got the t know they like damn he still getting busy Getting cold. You say what? We Getting cold. Oh it's getting cold. I thought he said no this shit Ain't y'all. I thought got I'm Like, I got a T-shirt. don don't Care. You say cold though. What? What's up with the artist coming up under you? Man, Shit. I know man. Shit, it's a couple man. But shit, my main one right now just, you know, drill, drill go crazy.


Drill. Drill. Yes, Drill. He's amazing. Baby Drill. Yeah. Let me say we was one of the first motherfuckers to book him Philadelphia, Pennsylvania GILLIE Ly Fest. Him is him and Sexy Red. That was the first time Sexy Red. First time Sexy Red was at GILLIE Fest. That was that was that Philly GILLIE baby? Yeah, he Book. What you mean? We brought him to GILLIE Fest man. Did we? Yeah, last Year we had 15 artists and we surprised him with Meek Mills and the baby. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Hopefully This year we can get him on GILLIE Fest. Yeah. Get Lemme come get some of that GILLIE. Yeah. Shit. Look at him.


Damn we Listen. Hey lemme just tell y'all something to all the artists. He just gave you a million dollars mworthofgame for free. That's how, how you let your homies know. Ain't no favors going there. I get some killing money. Hell yeah. So listen, Well anytime your homies or niggas you know in the industry, they like yeah I need to get you to my event man. I ain't got no problem with getting some of that money man. You, you, that's how you throw, that's how you throw it out there. We gonna sock into his pocket like a rocket. And we came here looking for BABY DRILL.


You wasn't here, you was supposed to be right here with us. don don't know way. I don. Oh he better It wasn. Okay. He calling yo. What's he sleeping, And all this other shit Man, love. He don't come. Fuck Yeah we got to, we gotta throw him. Huh? you know what I mean? Show him some love man. Leave that. So listen, what we gonna do is we going to show you where we at. We gonna connect with the people 'cause we out like we really outside. We really from where you know where everybody, I say look though, look though. DJ part of the block. This ain't my main hood. My main hood around the corner. This part of the Block. Oh we going around the corner then. Oh yeah, we gonna go there. We we around the corner kick it. We gonna kick it all day, you know? Yeah, yeah. And give y'all some what it is man.


Y'all see What Yo East Atlantis Come on. This Episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by New. Amsterdam Vodka. Now Let me tell you something about New. Amsterdam Vodka life ain't going your way. Shout to New. Amsterdam Vodka. You caught your woman cheating today. Day Shot a New. Amsterdam Vodka. You thought that check was coming but it didn't come your way. Shot a New. Amsterdam Vodka is distilled five times, filtered three times for a clean crisp finish.


Now you could drink it straight up, you could drink it on the rocks, you could blend it with juice soda or you could just make a classic new Amsterdam mule. That's up to you. But when you out and about at that local liquor store, make sure you scoop that New Amsterdam Vodka up. Run it to the register like a fumble on a gold line and you rent it back. 99 yards poop. Get it home. Put it on the ice cocktails however you like to drink it. New, Amsterdam, Vodka. There's no other vodka for you. Try the damn new Amsterdam Right. There you go. There you go. Yeah y'all Talk him more. There you go right Now. There you go. Where Gil at?


Call Gil. Tell Gil come out. He got about Pull up fan about pull up fast. Real fast. That thing is screaming too. Ah, damn. What's up baby? You see? You see who it is? Navy Drill's up dog came, came to GILLIE Fest. Fuck GILLIE Fest up came Right in. Yeah, I mean Hold it down. Yeah, I mean on God And Drill going on tour January. Man somewhere, sometime like January they gotta come back to Philly. Come back to the east coast Baltimore, DC jersey. It is going down.


And I love DC though. Love DC What That motherfucker be so with it DC something else. Huh? Why DC show you some love? Huh? Man, DC be on a whole nother level and they got damn hole. They got beautiful wind now. Yes they do. Yeah y'all do too. Philly. Y'all Philly. Definitely That nigga put his cuff over I don too. Shit. Old school tip. Why Y'all do too but you working on drill. What you, what you working on right now man? Man Getting my project together. You ready? Come up. It is crazy. Yeah. Ain't crazy y don't fuck with It. Any features?


Yeah. Yeah. Some picture on there. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Anybody you want sex right now or you don't wanna put that out there? Man, It's everybody who They expect Everybody who they Expect He get good. He he get good with the answers. Everybody that they expect. Huh? He doing the Right thing. Yeah. How the game treat you drill. Sorry, I fuck with, you know it water down but I fought with it. Gimme money Nigga. I'm gonna take care of the fam. That's all that matter. That's that's what it's about. How, how is, how, how, how is you staying inspired to go in that stew every time you go in the stu How is you staying inspired to keep, to keep turning it up. To keep turning it up. I just see people I knew, you know what I'm saying?


Make it without that rhyme so I can know I can do it. So I just make me make some new shit every time. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah. What you listening to? What do you listen to outside of the, outside of the team? Outside of the team. I listen to Chucky, I listen Screw G shit like that Shit like that Chicago, Illinois rappers and shit. Yeah. Yeah man. But it, but it's good seeing you. It's like you can see the growth in you man. You keep, you just keep going and turning it up. The music getting better, stronger, better production. It just like, like what, what is your, what is like when you going in there? What, what like is you connecting with the producers or are you just saying send me a beat pack?


Nah, nah, I make beat with 'em. Like I Sit down and make it with 'em. Oh you make the beat with 'em? Yeah. Yeah. Damn. I ain't know that you got producer under your name now. Yeah. You see 'em all on the credit. Yeah. You that producer. That's what it's about man. Yeah, just staying creative, And all that. When he Say play, do you actually make it or you be like, nah don don't like that? Nah, I actually sit there and make it. I probably play the piano. He probably put the drums. Oh you, you play the piano and Shit. Take so whatever I feel Like I want to do to it. Yeah. J got, that's What I'm talking About. Okay, so you just, you you a musically talented nigga. Yeah. you know what I mean because see a motherfucker would never know that motherfucking that a motherfucking BABY DRILL motherfucking sit down and play motherfucking Stevie Wonder on you running in the guy.


They don't know that you a talented nigga because I can't play the fucking piano. So if you playing the piano to do a beat that mean, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. You, you musically talented on a whole different fucking level. Yeah. A lot of motherfuckers don't understand that. End end. Like this Episode of Million Dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by BODY ARMOR Sports Water, BODY, ARMOR Sports Water. I mean matter of fact before we even get started, 'cause I'm a little parched right now. There we go. Alkaline water provides real hydration with electrolytes for taste. Everybody around the studio, you know this is our studio house so we got production team here.


They always drinking it. The sports drink, the zero sugar and even the Flash IV after a long weekend we can't get enough of the BODY ARMOR sports water though in my opinion it's the best water on the market. Get yours today at your local Walmart or your local grocery store. But when you out and about make sure you pick you up some of this man BODY ARMOR Sports water. Some of the best water you can find and you can get it at your local Walmart or your local grocery store. BODY ARMOR Sports Water. Why would you drink anything else? Right? Who is it in the game that you say you wanna work with that you ain't work with yet?


Is there anybody that you like damn we gotta, we gotta, we gotta get in Stew together. Nah, hell nah. Everybody that shit genuine. don don't want nobody that don don't. I don't really Fuck with that. You don't genuinely fuck with have a bond. Yeah. Okay. I understand that. Like cool Like, like, like is you looking forward to going on this tour? Yeah. Hell yeah. Said yeah He Won't basic. Yeah I love that shit. I ain't gonna lie that shit every time is different. Bigger and bigger. So like it just steps of growth. We was the first ones to bring you to Philly. How was it when you came to GILLIE Fest? I fought up with it because they knew my shit. You know what I'm saying? Nigga didn't know they knew my shit that quick. Oh Yeah they knew it. Yeah people, people know is you, is it ever a time where you shock you like damn I'm popping out deer.


When you look at this, you know behind the scenes you like they got me popping here or popping here? Yeah I had performed at the oh two. Yeah in London. Yeah. And you was like Yeah, yeah, yeah. Shit they look real. You ain't even You don ain't even think they was up on it like that. No and I'm talking about your music is really Real. That's overseas You don don't nobody think they just like it overseas. You know what I'm saying? Unless they got that type of fan member, my fan base don't really grow from that. So it was like it was a different type of fan member but they were fucking with me. They knew that shit. Huh? Man that shit felt different huh? Shit man, keep it real. You went to the hotel, that nigga you looked in there some that nigga I'm here, I'm in London nigga ain't no shit.


I know how that shit feels. Gotta feel like you won a championship man. Nah, I went Basketball, I went to the dress room and made a song. You went writing in the dress room and made the song right after you got on stage? Yeah. Damn, that's hard. I'm glad that's how much they inspired you. Huh? You had like, oh this shit Real, I'm keep it all the way real after this interview come out that song I would name that motherfucker the O2 just on. Just on the simple fact that when they, why you name it that it ain't got nothing to do with that? No. 'cause when I came out in London that shit inspired me so much that I did this in the back of the motherfucking venue in the dressing room. So I just was like fuck it, I'm gonna name it that. I'm gonna put it on tape too.


Jacob. he said that Yeah You got put that shit on tape name it that you know because, because that inspired you. What? What's some top flight game that Nudie gave you? Some game he gave you that you use in your approach to this rap shit? He said just treat, treat the rock gun, how you treat anything else. So basically don't go for nothing the same way you treat like the same rules apply. Yeah, just a different type of field. So I, I look at it just like that. You doing what they use you for. you know what I'm saying? That's what I talking About man. You see it man. we out here BABY, DRILL, BABY DRILL man. You see what's going on? Yeah. This episode a million dollars mworthofgame is bought to you by Duke CANNON.


Maybe you've seen Duke CANNON products in Target or Walmart or your local hardware store. Let me introduce you. Duke can and makes a variety of men's grooming goods. Big ass bricks of soap, thick body wash, beard care stuff, colognes and hair wash. They also donate money to veterans causes each year through the Duke can and Veterans Fund Simply put, they give a damn and their products work hard and smell terrific. Most of the year I'm in sawtooth thick body. Most of the year I'm a saw tooth thick body wash guy.


Then in the fall I like the buffalo tree soups. But during the holiday season, which is pretty much here, I put their big ass lump of coal soup on my wishlist. It's a holiday classic like die hard shop now at duke CANNON dot com, Amazon Target or Walmart. They're everywhere. Like broken Glass go forth and save up to 20% on Yu Tide soap bundles and gift sets. Their products, their packaging. You won't find better gifts for the man on your list this year. Duke Canning. Make sure you get your, your guy some. You hear me?


Want 'em to smell good? Want his beard to be fresh? Hmm. Duke CANNON. It's for us. The guys Duke CANNON get us something. Right. You don't got that ball with you like you trying man. You know I used to play for Penn State drill For real. I had a fucking game. What we what? What we Hey Gil. Hey C, you see this? You might get up under that court dude. What if you missing? He finna get you missing like that Right here. You see this? I see it. Do you see y'all see Pay the four before I told you. Oh come on. Cut. He, he acting like he ready to do something.


Let me see what drills going to do. Man. He ain't got And this is your court drill? Yeah. Oh okay. Okay. Let me, come on. Let me, I got that. I like how he just did Gary. No, come on C Like I just saying what this Get him blow. Oh Damn. Nah this ain't, this ain't what you want. He said okay, get get it back to drill. You ain't, you ain't doing that again. You ain't doing that again. Why ain't doing that again? Ain't doing that again. At First one was what you back there for? Oh that first one was luck drill. For real. I got the jacket on. Yeah. That is hard to shoot. Yeah. Ain playing with me now. Yeah. Stop playing with me now.


Fuck you talking About? Shit. Fuck You talking about? Look, I can play for, I can play for NC State right now. Don don't believe. Ah yeah come on, come on up low. It's one up low. Get the young nigga outta here. We gonna do the first one to five. Oh shit I was off. I was my arm first one to five. First one to five. Go Ahead. Oh shit. He came about his jacket. It's cool though. He got 45,000 in his back pocket and, and 110 in his front pocket. He got the mic. Motherfucker jeans too heavy. He ain't gonna be able to shoot. He got too much money on him man. He can't, he ain't gonna be able to shoot. I can shoot my eye closed. You don't believe that. He must got a game or something. He must got something. Everything Mike back don don't want no like that.


Let me get my thing. Let me get, I ain't, I don't believe you though. For Real. Oh come on low. Fuck you shoulda went to the park. Yeah, low key. Oh. Oh shit. Nah, it still one way. It looked good though. It did. It Looked good. Come on. Don't hold On baby. Hold on. BABY. DRILL. I don't believe you drill We'll believe you drill. Come on. So I don't think he go. Damn you, you, you ain't got a shot. Like I be seeing on YouTube and shit. What? Y they be clipping? No, No, no. That's my shot. Well they be clipping. That's my shot At it. Come on low. You cut it dog. I got Him. He done This episode of million dollars mworthofgame is brought to you by none other than DRAFTKINGS.


Now I'm Gil the King DRAFTKINGS. Well that just got such of a King's ring to it. The NBA is finally back. A new season mean new ways to get into action at DRAFTKINGS Sports. An official sports betting partner of the NBA who's draining threes from behind the arc, who's crashing the boards and grabbing rebounds. Get behind your favorite players in the prop bets you can make on DRAFTKINGS the home of the NBA prop bets the home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like what team going to win? Go to the DRAFTKINGS Sports book app and place. Your bet is just that simple.


You could say, okay tonight the Sixers is getting three points so I'm taking the Sixers and three points and it's just that easy. And if they win then you get paid soccer to your pocket like a Rocket DRAFTKINGS. The only sports book you should have downloaded in your phone. I mean first time DRAFTKING customers bet $5. That's all bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. All you gotta do is put in promo Code GILLIE. Come on, rip your phone out right now. Download DRAFTKINGS to $5. Get the 200 and instant bonus bets.


All you gotta do is add promo code GILLIE. The crown is your draft Kings put it on and word thank you Gambling problem. call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly. On behalf of Boot, Hill, Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction. Void in Ontario. Bonus that's expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/b ball. You done? Damn.


Oh it look like you like Derek. I should have stepped out there. He doing that. I ain't gonna let this down. Oh he ain't talking. This his court. This ain't my court. I don't play like that. I just know I got y'all. You air balling. I'm gonna hit mine straight. Here you go. Come on Low I don. Come on low. Shit Low. Look at him. Come on low. He giving you all the chances. World. But in the world. No Baby. Drill. My shit gonna hit three in a row. I mine if you A Baby Drill, you know how the shit gonna look low.


Mine gonna hit three in a row when I hit mine. Mine get him. I'm that guy because he younger. If you, you know how this going to look if you icy. Yeah It is over. Stop playing. He here too. I'm ready to cook. Ne Hey Noie, I'm ready to cook. Ne you? Yeah. Low. Yeah. Two, two. I'm ready to cook. There you go. I'm ready to put nap on the grill. Come on nigga. The same shot We going the further one. Fight the same Shot. It's listen, it's a barbecue on pad like in Paradise today baby. The same shot Nigga. Yeah, He need help. It's two too.


Nah, he need a coach. Come on bro. You know how this gonna look if you Cy, I got, I'm gi it if you I got it because nigga I got Him. I got Barbecue and Paradise. Oh Nah. Damn. Ah yes. My turn being nice to him. You ready? You Ready now? Shot I believe in you. Same shot S. Oh damn, I got this joint shit. It's two, two chill s. It's two three. His shit look a little better than yours though. Whose, what the fuck is you talking about? Shut up, up nigga. Yeah guys Playing N Stop playing Nph.


Stop playing Neff. Come on. 'cause you got two more. Stop playing Nph. You got two more You ice BABY DRILL. I'm gonna get, Listen, I'm opening up. Listen, listen. If I win, I'm opening up. I'm opening up. He gotta see I'm hyping the shit. I'm opening up on your tour. Fuck yeah. I'm gonna come bring it back. My old rat Bring back old cast Back Rats. Nigga Bring, I'm bring back my Rats. I'm bringing back my Old rat. You got ice him right here. This Right here. Right. This it. You got ice him. 'cause you could I you, I could open up on your tour. Well he three. You never ice nobody in your life. I never did. You can ice. I'm hit mine.


Too much pressure. Ain't Night. Night? Yeah, Night, night night. See what's going. Listen, let's see what's going on. Oh no, he still got time to Come back. He can come back. You gotta hit all of 'em in a row. It is over. It's over Down. He had five of fucker. Yeah, I hit five. He had Four. He's not here four. Come on. I'm gonna give him some more. he Said two back to back. No, he said he hit five. Man, I hit Five. We got it on camera. I hit Five. You want you, you want this? I, That's it. Oh shit. Come on. Come on. I killed you. Come on. This is what I do.


Oh, you wanna do one hand? Oh he disrespectful. I'm getting him outta here. Right here. Get the barbecue sauce. Oh, okay. How How many is that been? Two two. Two four. Huh? Two, four. Two four. You hit three. Strike You been head two. You got like three. Nah, I got two. You got four? Three. Y'all both had two? No. You Both did that make three. Both had one after. No, y'all both had two. You hit, he hit, you hit one. Did he hit one? That means you got three. Did he hit the joint right at and then he hit three straight.


I'm gonna put him outta here again. He gonna say baby you seen me on camera. He got you again. He good baby. You know you got hit all these straight. I gonna play for the haws right now. All on straight. You got All up straight. All of 'em straight. Come on. Ah. This it right here. See AJ hold me. That's what I do. That's what I do. They hold me. I, I go, I go play for the hawks right now. you know what I family, we got you opening up. Okay, I see y'all bud. he said I'm opening up. You said I gotta come through hype this shit up. Especially when you come to the east coast. Baltimore, DC Philly. He talk all that shit. He gonna be outside. he said I go open this shit. We don't see you on the list buddy.


Get the fuck out here outside.