
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We have a two for for the people. We have two time NBA Champ. Mike Miller in studio. Awesome interview with him. Really fun to talk to him. We also have our good friend Randy Moss. Talk about the Preakness. Try to fix horse racing and a bonus guest Sandman from the barn. Randy is the best. We got a lot of sports to talk about. The caps got bounced. Hank saved the Celtics season and had a showdown with Timothy Chalamet.


Denver forces a Game seven. We have the NF NFL Schedule Release. New stuff about Caleb Williams before the draft. And then we'll finish with Fire Fest as always on Friday.


And we're brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The eyes of the horse racing world are on Baltimore this weekend. The race is on, but who will rise above the rest and be crowned king of the track? Find out on DK Horse the number one downloaded horse betting app. DraftKings is turning up the thrill with the king of the track promotion. Here's how to get in head to the DK horse app. Opt in and bet $5 or more on a horse to win the stakes. If your pick crosses the finish line first, you'll win a share of $150,000 prize pool. Randy's gonna give us some picks, so make sure you listen. He's got some great picks for the Preakness and the Black-eyed Susan on Friday. So who will Reign Supreme? Download the DK horse racing app use code. Take. That's code take on DK Horse Bet $5 or more on a horse to win the stakes for your shot at a piece of $150,000. Only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER 18 and over 21 and over in certain states to open own or access an advanced deposit wagering account in resident of state where DK Horse is available. Eligibility restrictions apply void. Were prohibited. Opt in and place a $5 plus straight win bed on the Preakness first eligible bet only must win to share $150,000 cash reward via click to claim expires in 30 DAYSS five 17 C terms at dk horse.com/bet/offer/details. Okay, let's go Football guy. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings who Reign Supreme. Download the DK horse racing app and use code. Take. That's code take on DK Horse BET $5 or more on a horse to win the stakes for your shot at a piece of $150,000 only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours.


Today is Friday, May 16th and PFT. We are no longer a gap. I'm sorry. I know I'm all closed off. Emotionally, physically, spiritually. I even, I left my sunglasses on the flight to Washington DC and I felt like I was just outta rhythm from that point on. Just, just nothing clicked into place. But the good thing about this game, and there are some positives I took away from this game in terms of perspective. I got to watch a hockey game with my mom. She had an absolute blast. She kept looking at me being like this son, this is so fun. I can't believe we're doing this. This is the best Mother's day ever. Thank You so much. Week. Yeah. Bigger, bigger than sports.


Both Mother's Day is, it was bigger than sports and she was just like, you know, we love spending time with each other. And so even though it was a tough loss, I think it really showed me that, you know, that's beautiful. Something truly are bigger than sports. And she kept saying, son, it could be worse. She Calls you son. Yeah, yeah. She son could be a lot worse. I'm so glad we're not Maple Leafs fans because that's embarrassing. And at least we won the Stanley Cup in 2018. She kept saying, son, the, the WNBA starts this weekend and I wouldn't want the series to continue and take away the shine from WNBA opening weekend facts. She just kept saying, son, I love you. This is just a, a magical Mother's day.


The best mother's day ever. So it was, it was, it was fun being on the glass with her. We, we are rookies on the glass though. We, I brought her like this, this big meal from one of the restaurants that they have in the concourse and a couple drinks. Brought it down to the front row. First thing I did put the drinks on the, on the shelf. Oh. Next to the glass. I thought it would be okay. And then I think it was Van Reams dyke. I think he checks somebody right into the glass right in front of us. Her bourbon goes flying everywhere. My beer goes flying everywhere. But you know what, it was just one of those moments, it's memory that we made together. So she like, Yeah, she like sun. It's, it's okay. We're we're, we're both wet. Yeah, We're wearing it.


Son, thank you for Thank you for buying me that bourbon, even though it's all over your lap right now. So it was really a bonding experience point. No, it sucks. Listen, it, it sucks. I thought that the season was gonna be, it wasn't ma it was a special season. Like nobody thought or expect anything from the capitals, but I, I did expect us to go a little bit further in the playoffs so that, that part's disappointing. And I, I gotta, I gotta call it as I see it. O ovy did not look well on the ice tonight. He looked, he looked pretty slow, not really moving around that. Well, there was one point, and you can't quote me on this, but I, I did, I did lean over to Nate and I said I almost think that he shouldn't even be on the power plate right now.


Hmm. 'cause he, he wasn't, he, he did not look like he was moving around like, like the vy that we saw in the regular season. Now he is like 40 years old and he has played a long season and he did break his leg this season, but it, it looked kinda like a different guy. And so I, I hope he'll take this offseason rest up and come back next year. 'cause I, I thought that we had a, a team that could really do something special this postseason. So that is, it's tough for me to, to get over, but hey, that's part of sports. Yeah, that's part of sports. It sucks that too, that like the hurricanes were just, they like, they basically were a boa constrictor on you guys this series. Like I think what would you score seven goals. Like it just wasn't, it wasn't even a fun Yeah.


Series From, from the capital's perspective. 'cause the hurricanes just like choked you to Death. They do a, a great job of just destroying any sort of rhythm you have once you get in the attacking zone. Yeah. They're A good team. You don't really possess the puck there. It's hard to get the ball through the neutral zone. That's, that's the main thing that all the hockey guys are saying. And Yeah, once they get on an offense, they do a good job getting into the rhythm. So they're, they're a really, really good team. And I got at least we're not the leaf. That was my bit my, I didn't think about that until my mom said it, but she makes some really good points. Yeah. The least. Yeah. If you were up 2.0 in the series and about to lose in six games, that would be Devastating. And if we hadn't gotten the Stanley Cup in 2018. Right. That's what she kept saying to me was, I remember at least we got that Stanley Cup.


I I got two questions for you. PFT. The first is, how quickly did they show the offsides? I think it was the first period on like the jumbotron. 'cause that was heartbreaking. I bet the caps in, in, in solidarity. And I was like so pumped when they scored and then the minute they go to the replay you're just like, fuck yeah. 'cause it was so cut and dry. Well What they did was they, they didn't even put the goal on the board. Oh. So, so they waited and then I was like, wait, why isn't that goal showing up on the board? They should show on the board. And then the ref skates out to centralize. He goes the call, the call is being challenged. And then after they announced that it was being challenged, then they put like the sad goal up for about 30 seconds because it was the fastest challenge of all time.


I know. It was so obvious. Sucked. It sucked. The ref Picked up the phone. They they didn't show the replay a single time in the stadium. That's when I knew that it, it must have been pretty bad. Yeah. And then my other, well, a side question that you did say going into the series, going into the playoffs, that goal tending was an issue. That last goal for the hurricanes was an issue. It was pretty soft. That was soft. It was bad. But also Thompson played pretty well tonight. Besides that. Yeah. That's like, besides, besides that Miss Lincoln, how was the play? Yeah. You know, but it was, it was a decent night for him in the first couple periods. He made some great saves. But that, that was a soft ass goal. And you know me, I don't tolerate soft ass goals.


No, you never have. And neither is your mom. Your mom probably went to you son. That's a soft ass goal. We, we were raised better. She said son, from that angle as an NHL goalie, you should never let that in. Alright. My my, my last question is, and this is the painful one, how much blame do we put on a gap? I mean, you know. Exactly. I handled a gap. The only way that I knew how to I know You did, but it was, and you would Handle it the same way. I know. No, no, I'm not saying you. I'm, I'm saying I'm not saying you. I'm just saying that felt like the moment that was like, oh no. Okay. And also, I, I was alerted to something, which I'm sure you knew, but someone comment.


'cause I was getting a game tonight. I was trying to get a game. Yeah. I was tweeting about the game. Hitting some nitrous. Yeah. Someone, someone commented under one of my tweets that there's a certain person who has an agape tattoo on their arm. Yes. Carson Wentz. Yes. When I saw that, I was like, I was, I was, I was hoping that, that nobody would bring that up on their show. There's certain things that, listen, I will bring up a lot of stuff to make fun of. Yeah. My teams and I'll, I'll, I'll try to be vulnerable in front of you guys because that's what we do. I was not willing to introduce into this conversation. Right. Move by you. Because when I saw it, I was like, oh my god. Yeah. No, no. Please.


No. I thought it was photoshopped. I had to go to his Instagram to check. I've never even said it out loud to anybody because I knew I couldn't keep up the whole agate bit after I, after I verbalized the fact that Carson went, because that makes it real. That was, I I want you to know PFD if the series had still been going on, I I would not have mentioned it. I would've also buried it because that was like, it, it was literally, I, I was basically Kieran kin in in, in succession when his rocket blows up. I looked at it on my phone and I just put my phone back in my pocket and walked away. I was like, I Can't do that. Yeah. Listen, with with the whole escape thing. It, it, I think I showed that I'm a true Capitals fan by going along with that.


Yes. And in retrospect, maybe it's not the best idea to hand out towels talking about getting your butthole nice and loose. That doesn't, that doesn't inspire me to I would agree. Have a lot of confidence in the, in the team. But if that's what we're going, I mean, I'm wearing, I wore this shirt tonight. It's a gate. Oh, Did you get an extra one for me? I'd get one. I'd wear one Yeah. With hearts on it. And then, and then the hand sign again. It's like just big. No more gate loose butt holes big. No more gate Big loose butt holes. Do not, it, it doesn't make you fired up to get violent on the ice. Yeah. No more. Gabe Hank is there anything Oh, you'd like to say something Hank?


I just have a question. Sure. It should be good. Where'd you get that sick ass hat? Oh, good question. The, the people at the at the capitols were nice enough. They gave me a nice little grab bag. Shout out Taryn and the rest of the caps crew. I actually, I got some stuff. I got something for, for your kids Big Cat. I love it. They like Legos, right? Yes. And it's birthday season. Okay. I got, I got a little Lego thing and then who, that was a stupid question. I was about to ask who here on the podcast likes gravy the most? I was like, maybe, maybe Hank. Like no.


Okay. So I got Max a gravy, goat, half gravy boat. I have literally ne I never eat gravy. I don't even eat on You're Talking about sauce. Red sauce. It's called sauce. I literally don't eat gravy on Thanksgiving. It's gravy's. I don't, I'm out on gravy. Well get ready to learn gravy, buddy. Yeah, No, that was, that was bullshit. Hey Max, Big Cat badass probably eats gravy on everything. I love Gravy. I fucking love Gravy Max. You're gonna love gravy. It's good to laugh after a loss like that. It is. Yeah. But I I I do like this sick ass capitals hat I wish I had it for, for the entire series. Also a another spin zone.


Like losses suck in the playoffs, but a loss in game five is definitely less painful than a loss in game seven. I would agree. And I was pretty clear about like, just don't let us win game. If we win game five than it's a problem. If we don't win game five, then I don't think we're gonna win the series. Right. Very clear about that. It's like, it, it sucks to lose, but like, when you lose and it's somewhat convincing fashion, you're like, well what are you Gonna do? So one other little story, I I was, I think it was in between the second and third period and I was hanging out, just waiting for the, the puck to start again. I get a FaceTime on my phone and it's oldie FaceTiming it. And I, I picked it up and my mom was like, who's who's that? That's FaceTiming you.


I was like, I'll tell you the whole oldie story. After, after we talked to him. 'cause it's a long story. And I opened it up and oldie was just shirtless in his living room, screaming to his phone. Let's go boys. Busy, busy, let's fucking go. And then, and then my mom was like, hi, oldie. And then yeah, it was, it was, it was quite the scene. Yeah. Sun, sun. What's a side pocket? Yeah. How, how did mama commentary like describe that jersey that you were wearing? Was she like, son, I taught you right? I taught you well. Was that, she was like, son, that's my grail. So where'd you Get son? You're getting a fit off.


Yeah. I, I think I, she's like, son, I'm, I'm having to beat the chicks off you. What's going on? I might, I might leave this behind for No, I, I actually got a shocking amount of compliments on here. It's A sector, it's a one of one. It's also like, it's a one of one. I dunno, did you just, can you describe it for, for the listeners? Yeah. It's, it, it's a half Jaden Daniels half Alex, Ovechkin jersey. It's the, it's the Jay Dan, j Jay Xander, Dan Kin Jersey. Mm. And its one of one. It's, it's a one of one but it's also like a true one of one because it's was made for PFT and like he's the only one who could wear it and be like, damn, that's Sick. Yeah. Shout out like That's it.


Like, no anyone else put that on you. You're like, what the fuck is this guy doing? Shout out to a l that's sent. I don't have, I don't have his name in front of me right now, but I think he probably made it for himself. And he was like, I, no, there's only, there's only one guy that's, that looks dumb enough to pull this off. So shout out to him. Oh, alright. So yeah, the leaves are in trouble. I don't know. That was the other hockey thing. The leaves are in a lot of trouble. They're, they're, they're in the, don't let us win one and I don't think they're gonna win one. You can't come out flat at home. No. They got fucking, oh, that was bad. The, the in in basketball news, the Denver 5 2 8 Zeros Force a game seven.


Yeah. So I was very skeptical when I turned on the game and saw the 5 2, 8 zeros were out there on the court tonight. Not really elimination game jerseys, but it was just the, the, the, the Nuggets bench was just like Yoic was, was great. Jamal Murray, who actually I think had the flu was very good. And I know Christian Brown is a starter, but like Julian Straw, that was, he, you need one of those, you need one of those guys to step up and have that type of game. And he had 15 points in it, like three huge threes. I also think that game was, was basically not, not won by the nuggets in the last few minutes of the first half, but kind of lost by the thunder because the thunder, it felt like the thunder were gonna take that game and they were up nine or 10.


And then SGA gets one of the worst dumbest fouls. And the rest were like, they were all over the place. Guys were just fucking beating on each other. But he fouled, he like a frustration foul on Yoic where he got the ball stolen and then 60 feet from the basket just like smacked him, got his fourth foul, had to sit for the last two minutes and outside Lou Dort hit a buzzer beater. But they, the nuggets came all the way back, tied the game and it felt like all the momentum switched because it was like, thunder are here and they're gonna win this game. And then the second half was, was more nuggets. And I'm happy for a game seven. I wanted a game seven in this series. Yeah. Very much. This has been a great series, so I can't wait for that. I got to listen to the, the second half call on the radio on the Denver radio broadcast.


And they just kept screaming out Straw. Yeah, straw. Like they couldn't believe it that he was hitting all these shots. So Yeah, I mean that's the key for Denver. If they can have Murray contribute and then they need one X Factor guy. Yeah. And that X factor can be 5 2, 8 0. It could be the altitude. It could be, yeah. And it was, I mean they, Michael Porter Jr. Didn't play at the end of the game. They, they were just like, we're gonna ride with straw there. It was the, the, it was basically in hand. The only thing that had it like, ooh, this could get close was Alex Ruso for like, probably 90 seconds, almost like created a comeback by himself where he picked I think Jamal Murray's pocket then Yoko's Pocket on back-to-back plays and then had like a rebound and, and and did another thing where it's just like he's just not giving up.


But I'm excited for game seven. I don't know, I I, I was listening to the post game. Kendrick Perkins said that he gives the nuggets a 40% chance of winning game seven, but he has the thunder by 10. I'm trying to do the math, So I dunno, what, What are the imp what are the implied odds on Percent? I but it, but he had, he was like, yeah, I, I give him a 40% chance, but I have the thunder by 10. I feel like there's a great opportunity to middle that. Yeah. Oh it was, it's sometimes What I love about Kendrick Perkins though is sometimes he just says stuff Yeah. All the time. Right. Exclusively just says stuff. Yeah. All the time. He, all the Time. He's the number one stuff Sayer in NBA media right now.


I don't, He does not think he just shoots. He No, he's the, he moves on. He's The Michael. Every day is a new day. He starts a sentence and doesn't know where it's gonna land. Yeah. He, what he does is he just starts talking and if he starts to lose his train of thought, he just throws the word damn in there. Yeah. And then, and then he picks up, it like, gets him going. So the, the nuggets have a 40% damn chance of winning this game. I like the thunder by 10 damn points. But he's got, yeah, he's got 'em here The hell on 10 points. Let's do a little, let's do, I think that's fine. I think that's fine to say What? Like, sometimes you, you can have the take of like, I think this game's either gonna go like this team's gonna win easily no chance.


Or the underdog is gonna win outright. Like I, people have set, had that take before. I agree with that. Yeah. But a 40% chance you'd think it would be a little bit Yeah. 40% would be would be, yeah. Yeah. It'd be like a five point game. I can't do math. The, the who's line is anyway, you guys want to guess it. I think it's Nuggets by, or sorry, thunder by six and a half. Four and a half. Seven and a half. Whoa. So Perk was closer than Hank. Should we do First Baskets? We gotta do First Baskets for Celtics. Nicks on Friday night, which we're gonna get. We're when we're back in studio, we're gonna talk all about Hank's time on the Wood.


He's got a new, he's got a new rival in Timothy Chalamet.


DraftKings Sports book officials. No, We're, we're, we're like, you know What, We're boys, but it's like we're just kind of at, at this moment. Rivals. What Do you mean In frenemies? Your rivals. I put in the, the title. Oh no, I, yeah I put Hank Hank Saves the Celtics and now he's got a new rivalry with Timothy Schade. You know with that. No, that's alright. Yeah, no that's fine. I'm gonna change it. Alright. DraftKings sports circuit official sports betting partner of the NBA is giving you a chance to boost your winnings every single game during the playoffs. That's right. Every game, all Playoffs long. DraftKings is rolling out a special NBA Profit Boost. So what are you waiting for? Download the DraftKings Sportswear app now. Use code take to claim your profit Boost. That's right. Code take gets you a boost for every single NBA playoff game. Don't miss your shot at Big Wins. This is the moment you've been waiting for Only on DraftKings the Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction Boyd in Ontario. Get one NBA profit boost per game after opt-in Boost expires at the end of each game. Boosts bet criteria and maximum bet limits vary. See terms at sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Alright Boys, what do we got? Gimme Luke. Luke Cornett plus seven 50. I'll go, I'll go Derek White plus six 50. Okay, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go Jalen Brunson. That's plus four 50 Brunon plus Four 50. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go Kat plus 600. Ooh. Okay. F Jaylen Brunson. Should we talk about this Seth Wickersham article that came out real quick? So there's a new book, Seth Wickersham, who's a very good author. Maybe we'll have him on American Kings biography of the Quarterback.


Obviously it was, there's, you know, he's selling a book so he's gotta there's gotta be some, some salacious things to get people talking about it. And the big one was that Kale Williams did not want to be a Chicago bear, which I think most people kind of, well his dad especially didn't want to be a Chicago bear. Most people. That story was out there. I chose to ignore it. Turns out it was true. I took my takeaway from the whole, like the whole article, not just the tweet was yeah, I was ver I was wrong for thinking that Kale Williams always wanted to be a bear, but I was right that Kale Williams is the guy because he knew better than anyone that Shane Waldron and Matt ifu were fucking morons.


Like he has good judgment. He was like, Shane Waldron iss an idiot. He said that before and shout out Ryan Polls. 'cause the story goes, he met with Kevin O'Connell at the Combine, was like, I wanna be a Viking. I don't blame him for that. Kevin O'Connell's a fucking unbelievable coach, especially with QBs. He then went to Halas Hall. Ryan Polls was like, Hey, we're gonna draft you. And then he changed his tune was like, you know what, I can fix this. And then the story goes that in his rookie year, the coaching staff was basically AWOL and he was watching film by himself. And I knew they failed him. I didn't realize to what extent it's pretty shocking. So listen passes the past Ben Johnson is the future.


It's all good. Okay, I like that. And that's, I think that's the right take, which is like what you had last year is nothing close to what he has right now. I also, I I wanna know how true that is, that he wasn't given any instruction whatsoever about how to watch film. I, because because that quote, I think if I remember the article correct, I have it. I think that quote came from maybe someone close to Caleb. I don't think that was a direct quote from Caleb. It was somebody else that was like quoting Caleb to Seth. Yeah, I could be wrong about that. But if that's the case and it feels like his dad is like saying things secondhand, Saying that, oh no.


So no, this is actually a direct quote. It says at times Williams said he would watch film alone with no instruction or guidance from the coaches. No one tells me what to watch. Caleb Williams told his dad, I just turned it on. So maybe his dad said that to Seth Wickersham. Yeah. So it's a, it's a quote from his dad that he's imparting from Caleb, like through, through a media. I just, I I don't know how true that is. 'cause I feel like no matter how shitty of a coach you are in the NFL, you probably tell your rookie quarterback what to watch on film. I think there was probably, there's been like reporting of it. Is that like the coaching staff kind of went awol towards the end there before the firing. They were just kind of like, were were cooked also, like I know that it obviously looks bad.


The headline Caleb Williams' dad weren't wrong. Like the Bears have historically been bad for quarterbacks. Like they weren't wrong. They, they, you can't be like, oh my God, how could they say that they weren't wrong? And especially with the coaching staff now I think now it's changed because Ben Johnson is here and I've apologized many times for saying it was a great situation that Kale Williams walked into. That was a very bad, stupid thing. I said all summer long, last summer. Really, really dumb shit for brains. But yeah, like I, I read the article 'cause obviously I saw the tweet and I was like, oh fuck. And then I read the article and I was like, I don't really know outside of his dad like being like, we're gonna go to the UFL.


Which I didn't realize like there wasn't anything that was like, oh man there, how could they say this? You know what I mean? Like There was, there's also kind of a bargaining play I think. Yeah. He was looking for any way possible to maximize Caleb's value as a quarterback. And that included the fact that he was not happy with the fact that Caleb would potentially be tied to a team for like eight years. Right. At least at least five with the, His dad fighting for his kid. The, I I also watched an interview that Seth Ham did this afternoon with Adam Hoag who's a, a, a beat reporter for the Bears and I think Seth Hamm's exact quote. 'cause they were like, how close was this actually to happening of him? Like not of being like, we're not going to the Bears.


He said, he said the gasoline was out, but they never took out the matches. So it's like, I think a lot of the coward stuff like Coward was reporting directly from his dad. I think it was that like just, you know, floating it out there but never actually going that extra step to being like, no, we're not gonna get, we're not coming to Chicago. You know what made me suspicious was when that article came out last year, that was Caleb Williams saying, I really like Chicago. Like I, yeah, I I want to be a bear. That, that felt like it was something that at the time, and especially now looking back on, it was done because they had run out of options. Right. Right. And all the stuff where they're trying to see if there's any way that they can make a a, a manning move.


After all those options were exhausted, then they're like, okay, now we'll just kind of clear the year in Chicago, be like, Hey, let's do a story about how much I want to be a Chicago bear now. Right. And, and, and it, and it does look like from the reading of the article that Ryan Polls did a really good job of like, kind of convincing him because it, the story goes that he went to Halas Hall and came out of that meeting with Ryan Polls being like, I can, I can do this. Like I can fix this. And again, it was, he's right that Matt Ebra and Shame Walls were bad. Like that'ss really good. That's a really, that's like a really good sense of of judgment of people. Yeah. He also, I mean I don't know if, if we, we can say this, but when I talked to him at training camp last year, he was like, yeah, the commanders, they're, they've been a team that I didn't really want to go to at all because of their ownership.


Right. When, when Dan Snyder was owning. So like, right. If, if, if, if he's talking about two franchises that historically have not done well in this situation, those would be two good ones. And yeah, it's, if you were to ask him right now, are any young quarterback right now coming into the NFL, would you want to play for the Bears in the situation that they have now? I think every quarterback would say yes. Yeah. I think they'd say, I want to play with Ben Johnson because of what he's been able to accomplish, how creative he is. I feel like if you're asking truthfully right now, yeah, he does want to be in that situation. And, and that was the biggest thing. Like I, I, I had to accept it but I, I definitely wanted, I flu's fired. I wanted Harbaugh very, very badly that I think would've changed everything.


And it, I think a lot of people thought that. And then the Bears obviously were like, we're not gonna fire him. We're gonna keep going with this. Which was stupid. Very stupid in retrospect. And that's probably comes from George McCaskey who is not the, I wouldn't, I wouldn't put him in the hall of fame of owners of professional sports teams. That would've been wild though, if he was a battle hawk. Yeah. If he, if he actually went the UFL route, that would've, we tried to get Joe Burrow to do that for the XFL. He said, I think he wanted, he wanted 50 million guaranteed in his first year. Maybe it was a hundred million. I forget. And I said, deal, let me talk to the people at the XFL and see if they agree with that and then get the fuck outta here.


Yeah. Get outta here. But yeah, it's, it's like bad shit happened. New stuff. We, we got new stuff. If ever Flu was still the coach and this came out, it would be panic level a billion. Yeah. Right. Like it's not, that's just not the situation anymore. Alright. Before we kick it to ourselves, we forgot to mention this during Fire Fest. So we should say it now. Max, you are paying up your payment this weekend? Yep. Going to the bachelor party with an a group of Awls. I'm looking forward to it. Hank picked it out. I don't know exactly what's going on, but it should be, it should be a good, You know exactly what's going on.


Good producing by Hank. You knew everything that's going on. Yeah. I don't know. You know exactly what's going on. I was trying to convince Max last night because we saw the video. The guys seemed like good guys. One of 'em is the Wild Card and I was telling Max he's gotta out Wild Card. The Wild Card. Yeah. So he's gotta like, he's gotta order some strippers. He's gotta bring a loaded gun, some Russian roulette, like just be the wild card Max. I'm just gonna be a guest at this guy's bachelor party and you're gonna get Wild Card. I've seen this so many times. You gotta, you gotta take the Wild Card to the Wild Card before he can take it to you.


No, I'm gonna allow the Wild Card to be the Wild Card. I'm not gonna take anyone's role in the, a couple Of drinks get inside of you. The Wild Card comes out. How would you, how Would you describe yourself Max? If you're, like, if you're writing into your favorite podcast and you're like, yo, you should come on my bachelor party. And everybody in the bachelor party has like a thing that they do. Like one guy is Mr. Mischief, one guy is like bad news. What would you consider yourself Just a friendly guy that, you know goes with the, goes with the flow of the group? Are you going I don't, not, I'm not loud. I don't try and do too much. I don't try and take too much attention away from anything. I never drink, drink too much. I never do any of that.


Go watch the last Case race. Yep. Are you gonna Do's exactly Me? Anyone? No. Oh my God. I hope Not. So so Jack is gonna go and and and film it so we will have a vlog of it. Yeah. I still think you gotta be the wild card. Like you, you gotta, you gotta, fuck dude. You show up with a loaded gun literally and a couple strippers and maybe some extracurriculars and people are like, holy shit, this guy's a wild card. I won't be coming with any of those things. I I will be a good guest until I have like seven beers and then I'm just gonna be probably That's what bad news.


Yeah. Yeah. If There are any strippers that listen to part of my take that live in the Milwaukee area that would like to be in touch with Max this weekend. Just in case after those seven beers hit. Yeah. If you'd like for Max to have your number please, please DM Max Or say Mike this Weekend is about the Bachelor. That's what, that's what we have to remember. Any gun owners as well. Yeah. Nope. Definitely none of That house still out there. Let's talk to him. Yeah. Oh, it's about the Bachelor. When's the wedding? I don't know. How do you not know you're going to this guy's bachelor party? I haven't been in contact with the, with this, with this crew. Once it's been hanging.


Are you bringing a present or Huh? You gotta bring a present. You gotta bring a present for the groom. Fuck. I probably should bring a present. Are you looking around your Apartment right now to see what you can Grab? How fast? P pft. How fast can you get him that gravy? I I can, I could probably find something good from the office. I'll just steal something outta your, off your desk. That was such a good look. Max gave, he was like, is there anything in this corner? I was trying to explain to Max 'cause Max Max can drink and these guys are just regular guys, but if they're from Wisconsin they can drink. I don't care what they look like. They can drink Definitely more than Max, max can Drink.


Yeah. And I sure. I actually was talking to one of 'em last night and they were like, we're gonna out drink Max. And I was like, that Can't happen. I hope they do. I really hope they do. It Can't happen for, for our podcast. That cannot happen. I really hope that they do. You gotta go in there being like, no one's out drinking me. No, it'll it'll be, I'm, I'm excited. It's gonna be good. What was the punishment before again? Yeah, I didn't know either. P ft Losing the, the pick. The NFL picks. Oh, okay. I'm excited for the video. I think it's gonna be a great video for the aws. Yeah. And you're playing paintball. Yeah. You're going to a bachelor party. You're playing golf and paintball and drinking.


Gotcha. I haven't picked up a, I haven't picked up a golf club in like two and a half years. So that'll be, that'll be interesting as well. There Was one trip that was you playing six rounds of golf in three days and I was, I won. That would've been, That would've been too much. Yeah. Six rounds. Six rounds of golf would've been a lot. That is too much fun. I know. It was hilarious. Six Rounds of golf. Hilarious itinerary. Oh. Oh man. Alright, let's kick it to ourselves. You got Mike Miller and in studio and then Randy Moss and special guest Sandman the Horse. And then we'll finish with Fire Fest.


Okay. Before we get back in Studio Gametime football is back. The 2025 NFL schedule is out and the only place you should be getting your tickets is Gametime the official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports. We're planning our far fall schedule and circling the games we want to go to with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat in their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NFL tickets. Gametime makes scoring NFL tickets faster and easier. They have ex exclusive discounts and you can find seats for us for as low as a hundred dollars. The Gametime guarantee means you can trust, you'll get a hundred percent authentic NFL tickets on time and for the best price plus fees are always included. So what you see is what you'll pay PFT. We were looking at that Monday night Game. Bears Commanders. Week six. Week six Columbus Day. What do we got Monday night? Get in price. 185 bucks. 185 bucks. So what are you waiting for? Go buy those tickets on Gametime. Get the Bears Commanders tickets. Get all your NFL tickets on Gametime. Take the guesswork outta buying NFL tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account and use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime?


Okay. Hank is back from sitting on the wood. The Celtics have won Game five. Great individual performance from Hank by the way. Great job by Hank. He left it all on the wood. The haters Tried to take me down. They tried to put out false narratives. That's okay. What Were the false narratives? PFT posted a video. PFT commentary man to your right. Oh Hey, what's up? Yeah, it was me. Alright. People talk about Boston sports fans like they're the end all be all like it's a great sports town. They know ball. I don't know who these clowns are that they let sick courts at these games never seen a basketball game in their life. Look at this thing. Look at this Egregious v what's this Just gushing blood on this one.


And then you've got this Jackass in the crowd Saying, oh, he went straight up. Who the fuck is that guy? Josh Hart. It was one of the like he he just threw his body. Well you wanna talk about like Into a defender and then fell to the ground they call the foul, which you know, whatever it probably by letter of the law was a foul. But I was sitting on the wood and I just put my hands up 'cause that's what I think it was. Luke Cornett, he just had his hands straight up and Josh Hart just flung his body into him. This Is the play that Josh Hart got all bloody and I think he, I think it was his, I think it was Luke Cornett has like razor blades in his armpits And, and the elbows I think. Yeah, I think the elbows got 'em. And then Hank the, the, the camera was kind of, it wasn't even really on Hank, but I was watching and I was like, oh shit, that's Hank in the background, just advocating for his team, fighting with everything that he's got.


And I I wanted to bring more visibility to that moment because I feel like a lot of people missed it as a, a fleeting instant on the broadcast. So I just wanted to highlight you Hank, as a fan. Great job on the wood. And I I thought I could hear your voice once or twice during the game. Yeah, I mean, I was yelling, I was getting vocal. It's, it's the double Fist pump. Lot of double fist pumps. The Lou Cornett game. It's last night will always be remembered as as the Lou Cornett game. Big Cat, no ball. Do You wanna gimme some credit? Yeah, I do. I mean that was the different, I mean I, I think the Celtics, it looked like the game started and Derek White was like, I'm gonna be the man. He was awesome. I mean the, he and Jalen Brown were great and then Luke Cornett, like, I I actually think that Christop, whatever he has, Luke Cornett is a better option than Christop right now.


And Joe Missoula obviously agrees 'cause the second half he sat Christop Christop only played 12 minutes in the whole whole game. Yeah, You could see it in the first half. He was, it was basically like he was doing, you know, when, when they do the football walkthroughs in the hotel room where they're just literally going through the motions. Like that's how he looked on the court where he was moving slow motion. Yeah, but he, there was no bounce, he wasn't like going aggressively. He was looked like he was going at 50% speed and then every time, you know, in breaks in timeouts, you could see him like leaning over. Missoula said he like wasn't able to breathe. He basically has what Ovie has. Like he's just, Oh, come on Hank, I was Root hank I was rooting For you. He was looking slow out There. I was rooting for you last night. That's you're a dirty guy. You know that The mode of Hank Right now is, is so different than Hank.


Hank is such a motherfucker. And you know what, I, I blame myself. I don't blame Hank fool me wants shame on you, fool me twice. Well no, you said that. Shame on me. You said, oh, he doesn't look the same. He looks slow. That's what Ozinga like. Yeah, But you're feeling spicy. I I'm trying to relate. I was Fort gonna be in the glass tonight. I was on the wood. Like, I'm just trying to like make, we're both, we were both down. Make connections. Listen, we're both down three to one. All of a sudden you get another, you get a second win. Congrats on getting a second win against the Nixon in this serious hand. A team that you've been dominating and all of a sudden you get that second win and and you just completely leave me behind. No, I'm, It says a lot about you said show me the way you said show me the way and I'm trying. I did. Just trying to show you the way step one go. You know, get there, get to your city, will your team to victory. Like you're gonna do that tonight. I have utmost confidence.


I'm so excited for you. No, you're not. There's nothing better than, you know, being down back against the wall home. Well, being up is better There. Okay. Hank One, but Hank was kind of up, you're still down three to two because they've been do, they've been dominating the series. So that's true. Hank was both down and up at the same time. But Again, it, like I saw the graphic, the graphic of of Hank saying we're onto the finals and then in parentheses says, Hank after Celtics down two one against the Knicks. It was, it was as sad of a two days as you could have as a sports fan. Like it, it really, really did suck. And it still does. But like I said, it's like you got like getting to the game, being in the city, forgetting about the know the Jason Tatum and the off season luxury tax, new ownership, whatever.


And just seeing the team come together, get a win. We had the momentum. Like it, it was, it was a great, you know, yes we were down three one. Yes. We're only still only won two games, but it was a great, great victory up and down. So do you start Luke Cornett on Friday night? Yeah, he was awesome. Seven blocks. He was great. I I played 26 minutes. I think he probably do. Yeah, I think, I think Poors like, it's like I Missoula said after the game he couldn't breathe. Yeah. Like that was, that was his quote. That's kinda like Ovy. I don't Yeah. Like I don't know how Ovy breathe. Breathe How you fixed that. Breathe. How, I don't know how that, or I, excuse me, I don't know how that gets fixed Days. Yeah, yeah. I I forget about start Luke Cornett. I think you build around Luke Cornett. Yeah, I agree.


That was awesome. It's the future. He was just Lu he was just lurking in the key. I I, he like didn't move at all. He was just like, come in, I dare you. And then, oh, you're gonna come in. I'm gonna put it in your face. It was great. I have a question. Is it, would it be, I guess it would be against the PED like could they just give christop like, like a hundred milligram Vyvanse before the game? Sure. I think, right? Yeah. I mean at this point if you get busted for, for testing positive, you can just go through the process of appeals. Yeah, Yeah. Better. You feel better the off season. Alright, so you also helped the Jalen Brunson got in foul trouble. Big Foul Trouble. You got big foul of trouble to start the third. You gave Him a great wave off by the way. Oh yeah. When he fouled out fo out, Hank stood well And they almost reviewed it. They almost, they almost overturned it. That was gonna be tough.


I I was waving at him hard. Yeah, you Hit him with an awesome Goodbye. Yeah. The, I so that one, I don't know if that's rec replicable. No. Kat was in foul trouble. Ka but Kat's always in foul trouble. Yeah. Kat literally just finds fouls like they're, his fouls are so frustrating because he will foul when it has no impact on the play. And he's like, Hey, I just gotta get my hands on someone and Then co it's like he, he's never committ foul. Oh my God. He He also feels like the guy that, that never got away with anything in his life. Yeah. Even when he was a kid, like if, if all of your friends did something bad snuck out, he was the one that would get caught because he's just like, he's so, he's flagrantly cat. Yeah. All the time. He's never blending in that, that last foul on Jalen was a stupid, stupid foul.


Yeah. Like you gotta be smarter than that. And Tibs looked like he was about to ring his neck afterwards. Yeah. He was not happy. So how do you feel about Friday night? Because I think obviously you have, like, if you get to game seven, I I, I think the sell will win this series. I do not think you're gonna win Friday night. I think Jalen Brunson is going to win this series on Friday Night. I think that's fair. I do think all the pressure, like, you know, all the pressure was on the Celtics in game one and two and they kind of folded like they were missing shots. And, and that's what happens when all of a sudden you're at home, you know you're supposed to win, you shots start, stop going in and all of a sudden like things can flip. The Celtics are basically playing with nothing to lose. I think that's a good spot to be in. And they have Championship, they have something to lose the series, But everyone's expecting them to lose.


Right. When you're in that spot, like that's the Max chime in you, you're saying not Anymore. The last game everyone was expecting them to lose. Now everyone is thinking like you right now. Like now the pressure's back on the like No, the pressure's on the, if you're wrong, the teams, the team, teams wise, the pressure is on the Knicks. If the Players, they Still, they not feel the Pressure. They're still playing games. The knick the sell. But they Okay, max. If, if, if, what do you mean Youre the repeat Champions? Honest, be honest, be honest. Be honest. Who do you think is more wor like the Celtics if, I don't know. I feel like the Knicks are like, we have to win at home. No, I don't think this game. I think Game seven. Yes. Yes. That's what I Game six. The Knicks have two shots at it.


Like they, they I do not think the pressure is Yes, well three memes, but you already lost your first one so you have two shots left. I think the pressure's still on the Celtics for game for Friday night. If it goes to Monday night back in Boston, then it's just no. Then the next are crossed. Then the next are like you, the next are crossed. How would you lose up three one without, with Tatum out then it, then it flips well Six minutes Later. What? What? Oh, you Oh, oh. I like where you're about to go. I want I We'll, go ahead. No, no, go ahead. No, no. Max, they, that was the, that was an impressive win for the Celtics without Jason Tatum. I think what Max is trying to say is are they a better team without Jason Tatum?


No. And that's, but that, I don't, I don't, I'm not even gonna acknowledge these narratives, but I I don't think you understand what he's asking. He's not asking is Jason Taylor, They're a great team. Teams are built from the ground up. It's an organizational effort. Hank, If I may, One through 12, 12 through 60, everyone matters. If I may, If one guy goes down, everyone else has to step up. Luke Cornett stepped up. If I may, Derek White stepped up. If I may, what Max might be trying to say is the Celtics, yes, Jason Tatum is a great player. He might even be the best player on the Boston Celtics. But are they a better team without Jason Tatum Also Max has not said anything. He's just giving us faces if I, And we know exactly where his brain is going. If I may, he's nodding along being like, yes, I said one word. The only thing I've said so far is well, alright, So, so Say it Max.


No, no, no. I like, I like just Hank if you may respond to those allegations. If I may, I was, my answer to your question would be no. Okay. Max, it's yes or no question. What would your counterpoint be? My vote would be, no, I think this is something that, you know, talking Heads loser franchises, draft lottery, people that actually go to that stuff. These are questions that they make so that they have something to talk about. Mm. Winning teams are just worried about the win in lost column. Okay. Max Jason Tatum, champion right next to his name Champion. Yeah. Allstar finals. MVP Olympian champion or less. Wait, wait, wait. That The final, what you just said is wrong. Allstars, IStar. I met all, I meant Allstar.


I meant Allstar Blatantly wrong. I meant all Allstar. I then Allstar the Allstar same P might be more, I impressive. Well You might need to put that on a quote card. I, okay. I've Slept for two Hours. I do not think that the Celtics are better without Jason Tatum. I do think that if you in this series, like last night watching them, they, they might be a more team basketball that just, that might be every team. When your best player goes out, it's like, you gotta, I'm not the Sixers, you gotta cut more. That's, you gotta move more. Everyone's gonna spread the ball Pat make the extra pass. There can't be a reliance on, Hey Jason Tatum will bail us out. That that exists. Do you agree for Yeah, for sure. Yeah. And Joe Missoula's a great coach and they still have great players like that, that that's okay.


Like I don't think that's, I think that's fair to say. Yeah. I thought it's interesting. It's a team game and Missoula's a great coach. It's like, yeah, you lose a a player, you have to figure out how to game plan with the, the guys you got. Did you see, did you see good? He still got Missoula Yesterday? I did see Coach Missoula. I saw him after the game. Is he locked in? He, he is very locked in. Josh, friend of the program guy I went with, he, we, we like dapped up and then Josh, I introduced him. He is like, you know, congrats on all your success. And Missoula was like, you're only as good as your next win. Mm. Or is your last win. I was like, so we're good? You're Good. Yeah. So you're good right now. Yeah. So I mean, just by the numbers, it looks like the, the Celtics were eight and two without Jason Tatum this year. Yeah. I think they're like, What was their winning percentage with Jason Tatum? Was it, was it 80?


Something like that? Are they Feeding in the playoffs without Jason Tatum? Did they win the game against the Magic without him? No. Oh. Is there one on one? Yeah. I have a couple other questions Hank. Sure. So the Celtics record overall is 74%, but they're 80% without Jason Tatum. That leads me to believe that just by the numbers. And we are a Numbers podcast. We're a stats based podcast. They are. I'm a wins based podcast. They are literally better this year without Jason Tatum p ft. ISS describing wins by the way. Wins. No, he said stats. No, he said stat Wind is a stat wins. Heck, you better just get used to this because it's Fine's, self keep This gonna Keep going.


I think the, I think the listeners know like, this is the definition of like cope and just like trying to, you know, upset a man when he's up. I don think it's a definition of asking questions. I think it's a That's fair. It's the definition Of being an in-depth national sports podcast. Correct. You're Asking as a national sports podcast have questions. Ask the right question. You're Also not up. I no, like, I'm like, Henry Lockwood is up. I'm feeling up. I'm up. Memes, I'm up. Hank has ended this series twice already. They've Down on both sides have not. No, we got it. We got it Game. You literally said Onto the finals Down two. That was before a catastrophic injury, but right now, today, whatever the fuck the date is, May 15th. I'm up. Okay, so my other two Questions.


Can I not be up memes? My other two questions. No, that's a fair point. Do you, do you have any statement about Jalen Brown jerking off? Josh Hart. I saw the clip after the game. That was crazy. He Grabbed, I mean, when you up, When You slow things down, anything looks like you, this, you can take anything outta context. I mean, he, he like, he was like a search and destroy for the penis Again, like Stephen Cha is a pervert for even finding that I I if slow down angle. He grabbed his penis, I'm sure. Game speed. It didn't look like that. He tugged It. I think that was technically a masturbation. I mean, we're football guys, right? Like what happens at the bottom of the pile? Like, it's like he, the shit happens in, in, in battles. Well, like he actually kind of masturbated him.


Yeah, he yelled it for long enough. I think the ruling, the, the ruling on the field is masturbation As ball dominant player. He jerked him off. Oh yeah. You could see he kind of, he kind of like fiddled his fingers on his, on his dick. This was disgusting. Hank. Yeah, I mean Slowmo and anything. Oh. Oh, this is, this is Josh. Hart's sister just said weird. Yeah, She quote tweet saying weird. Oh, it is weird. They've hooked up. Josh Hart and Jalen Brown have hooked up. I don't think so, but I Oh no, they, No, they have, I'm watching it. We watched it right there. That's, that's third base. Yeah.


OTP. That's a pel on the wall. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He held onto that for, if I get it, if you like grab or, or you're like hand, You gotta get an edge any way you can. He held It There, dude. It looks like Josh Hart's getting the edge right now. Alright. That's Also Josh Hart's wife. Oh, that's his wife. Okay. Sorry. Jealous. Sorry, sorry, sorry. Yeah, she is jealous. Shannon Hart. She, yeah, she, you can tell she's like, like, He did it better than me. Yeah, Maybe she was saying it's weird for Josh. Like why is he, why is he, why is he? No, She's probably, she's probably mad at Josh too. Yeah, that's I'm Saying. Oh, she's, yeah. You Should have made him stop. Weird. Yeah. Weird that Josh would, would allow this to happen. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. My other question, last question about this game.


There's reports that you may have met one of the top celebs in the country right now. One of the coolest guys out there, let's say maximum Aura, based on the fact that he does not lace up his Timberlands. We're talking about Timothy Chalamet and the report is you Turtled. No. So I did, I did do some journalism last night. There was a, there was a, so I was with Josh, but we were, there's like a little bar, kind of like food area underneath, you know, for the wood, for the woodies, the wood goers and like the people close to the game, they can go like in before the game and at halftime.


And when I got in there, I sat down, wait, time out, time Out, time Out. Dan, timeout. Are you still wearing your wristband? I went to sleep. I went to sleep at 2:00 AM I woke up at 4:00 AM He's like a spring breaker coming back from Senior. I slept two hours, 15-year-old going volley a loser. What the fuck? Like what? Alright, what am I gonna do? Like go. I don't have a pair of scissors. I just, I I I You literally off woke up. I woke up, ran like, I woke up my, my, my wake up call. I slept through for 40 minutes. I had to sprint to the airport, sprint to my fucking gate drive, sit in traffic for two hours and just walk, basically. Walk in the studio. Yeah. I'm still wearing my wristband. Are you, are you just, are you just attached to the memories that go along with the wristband?


You gotta keep it On a great night. It was a great night. Feel, You'll feel happy. All ba back to Sorry. I I was just shocked that, yeah. Anyway, wait, I sit down and look to my left and Oh, bro, Did you go to the Game last night? May maybe. Yeah, dude, I was, I got team VM access. Timothy was five feet to my left, which was, I, i, you guys know I'm bad at hiding my face. I probably gave him like one of the, I was like legit shocked how close he was. And then maybe five minutes later, the people he was with, like our mutual friends of Dave, they introduced him. They had a quick conversation about pizza and maybe within two minutes of, you know, introducing the table, Dave was like, this fucking guy was on his show saying you're performative.


And I, I legitimately like hand up did not even remember like, I was lashing out. Little bit. It doesn't Sound like a Hank word to use to be Honest. I didn't think I said, that's what I was like, I didn't, I don't even know. I was like, I didn't say that. And, and chow may, he wasn't mad. He went about it like very like cool. Like I will say like I can can report Tim Chalamet very, very cool guy. Aura. He, he maximum Aura. Oh. So again, I was right. You Were, he came over. He is like, what was I doing that I was performative. Like, he wasn't like pressing me, but he is like, what was I doing that I was performative? I was like, I don't even think I said that. And then he just basically told me his history as a Knicks fan. He was like, yeah, you know, when they were bad I was getting season tickets, like trying to like flip them to make money.


Chris Dohan like, like naming all these players that, and I was like, yeah, I I believe you. Like I I know you're a legitimate fan. Dave just threw me right under the bus. It was not, you know, it was, it was a, it was a cool interaction to have, but I was like, not exactly the the start. You want to get off with someone like Timothy Chalamet. And then, you know, they went into the game. We went into the game. I thought I was gonna see him there at halftime. He was not there at halftime, but he was basically sitting across from me the whole game. So like, you know, I would look over and, you know, pause, whatever I was, I caught myself staring a little bit. Him wearing sunglasses. Court side is like such a power move. Yeah. It was Jack Nicholson.


He was like, I was, I had, I was having the thoughts of like, we're I think similar ages and I was like, he's quite literally a thousand million times cooler than me. Correct. More successful. Like he, he's got it All. He's got everything. He's got it all. Yeah, He was And how cool is that to be like, I think he's, he's, he, obviously he's a real Knicks fan, but like to also reach this type of fame where if he plays it right, like Jack Nicholson went to what, 40 years of Lakers games. Sitting courtside. He became synonymous. The Lakers like Timothy Chalamet had, can be basically the heir apparent to Spike Lee. Yeah. That's fucking awesome. Was he wearing the Tims last night? He was wearing the Tims last night. Were They laced? They were not laced, I don't think.


Smart Move. Good move. You could hurt your ankle if you tie him up to tight and The aura. Yeah, he was super fucking cool. Him and Dave just talked about pizza. So I know that you're a company man. Always thinking about work, always doing your job. Big time producer. Part of my take. What did he say when you asked him if he would be a guest on part? My take? Well, yeah, that's, so he came over, Dave basically like set him up to basically like get not mad at me, but he was like, came over, addressed the, Started a conversation. He started a conversation, Addressed the situation, and then he went back to where he was sitting next to Dave and then like we had a, we had a brief interaction. I did not get the chance to, it wasn't, I didn't say So you didn't Say you Didn't book Sha I didn't book him. I didn't sha You know, hope we're not getting Shaima. That's not true Thing about Max.


It could been an, it was a good intro. Max would've booked him. Yeah. Yeah. Max definitely would've booked him. I Would've been so scared. Alright, so let's say you win game six Friday night game seven Monday, which is weird schedule. Should we, should we fly Jerry O'Connell in and do a stream on, on PMT or, I think we should. Are you trying to go to the game? No, I think we, I think, I think if Jerry comes in, we should do a stream. I think the, the fans AWS would love that If Jerry can't do it. I'm just thinking out loud. We've got a lot of Knicks fans in the New York office. Yeah, Yeah, we do. Could send You there. But we wouldn't do that. No, I've never, We've never done that in the past. No. Well, I mean, it's not like we're sitting on an extended trip here, max.


If we would never do that, we would just, you know, one game. Oh, I don't think you could do it too. Like second round is late enough in the playoffs. Max, you've never had to go for the second round, right? No, it was second round for a full week, but Oh, that's okay. Oh, the precedent has Been set. The precedent has been set. Max, you know, had some rivals in New York and I think, you know, they got cl they got Clemmer v Meek Phil, which is a good rivalry, Which is must watch tv. I think, you know, there was a little bit of contention last night with me and with Timmy. Like, I think I, I gotta go to game seven. Yeah. Tim, Timmy and kind of like Meek and Phil can handle the, the New York streams. Like, I think I gotta go, you gotta go Against Timmy. So you've already moved on from Jerry, but you will accept Timmy, which know A replacement. Jerry moved on from me.


He did. Jerry O O'Connell did move On. But then you also, he Also just quit game five, But then you also burned a bridge afterwards. You were like, fine flip flop and pussy. That's not burning a bridge. That's a statement of fact. No, Jerry, Jerry, the sequence of events is Jerry called the series over retired bing bong, Hank clip flopped and brought the bing bong back. That's when Hank said flip-flopping pussy. And and he Only did it because everyone was like, Jerry, what are you doing? No, but, but Hank called the season over before. Thank Jerry. Thank you. What? I said we're On today said the said thing that it was over before Jerry did. Oh, when did you say that? He said we're onto the finals. Oh yeah, yeah. That's true. That's true. That's a good point. Yeah, that's a good point. But then no, But I didn't say I'm taking, she said I'm taking Game five off. Yeah. And if the Celtics won, I'll be back.


That's insane. And then he also said, but yeah, he said Hank is not a good enough rival for him anymore. Yeah, but I, I mean Hank called the series over. True. That's my whole point is that Hank is the one that called the series over. So. Well there's Extenuating circumstances. I came in between, like, I think if Jason's, you're using a lot of $5 words today, Hank, and I don't know if somebody bought you a dictionary for your birthday or what, but this is, it's it's unbecoming Even Without, even if Tam didn't get hurt, you would've been down three one, eh? We'll never know. Okay. They're a better team without Taylor. That's true. But yeah, if Jerry wants to smoke, I think it, you're back on the Awls deserve a stream. But I don't, if he's not, You're gonna have to go. I think. Yeah. I can't let Tim feet Go. You can't let Timmy run wild.


No, you gotta be on Shala Ma. Watch. Yeah. What about Frank, the Tank? Henry, You wanna face off Officially? He's been officially enlisted for Shaima watch. We need you need to fight him. Yeah. Okay. CL can handle Meek Phil. Alright. Other games series over for the Warriors also feels like kind of the end of maybe this was a bummer. Yeah. I mean they were never gonna win a game. They were never gonna win the series without Steph Curry. Yeah. It is that simple. Yeah. They're not a better team when they're not. Steph Curry is out, Although he can't stay healthy. Some are saying that Steph Curry is the West coast version of Joel and Bead. Mm. In the playoffs. The, this series was the Yeah, I mean, Julius Randall was the MVP of this series.


He was so good every single game. And though Tim Rolls are, are a very good team. I, and we'll talk about them more. 'cause obviously they're in the Western Conference final back to back Western conference finals to see if they can take the next step and go to the finals. This was like a sad, Hey, the Warriors, this iteration may be dead. Steve Ker said afterwards they, he thought they had a legitimate chance to make a finals run if Steph had stayed healthy. I also, weirdly, I know Jimmy Butler was sick, but is this the death of playoff, Jimmy? No, I think Jimmy's just, he can't do it all on his own for three games in a row. But that's what he's been like the playoff. Jimmy has done that. That's what playoff Jimmy did.


That's literally what playoff Jimmy did. He, the last two games he took 20 shots total. I don't know. Again, he was feeling under the weather two games ago, maybe still lingered, but like, it might, I mean, he's getting older. I think he's, it might been just the end to play off Jimmy as well. I I think the writing was on the wall for the Warriors, where Minga was like, okay, I'm gonna get the ball. I'm gonna be able to, to show off what I can do. I don't know if they're gonna bring him back as an a restricted free agent. I think he's an RFA this year. I don't know if they're gonna try to sign and trade him. I don't know if they're just gonna let him go off. But this was like, Jimmy was not the, the Warriors weren't doing their best team effort to win this series because I think they all understood that they couldn't. But, so you've got a guy like Minga that's like, I'm gonna go out there and take a million shots too.


So you can't really get into playoff Jimmy mode. I think that's exactly where, like if you, when Steph gets hurt in game two, you're like, Jim playoff Jimmy will get him one. He didn't, he didn't get him one. Yeah. I think it's just the Warriors, they realize this is not, we don't have a chance without stuff. That's when playoff Jimmy should be. That's, I might be the death. He's gonna be 36 before next year. He's playoff Jimmy Dunn. I'm just, I'm excited for the Timberwolves. Oh, woo. Two years In a row, two years in a row. Get into this place. Are they, are they a better team now? I think Yeah. I think they might be a better team. Yeah. And I think that both the Knicks and the Timberwolves both got a lot better by doing that trade.


The rare win-win trade where, I guess, who was it? The Hornets. The Hornets lost that trade. Yes. The other two teams won. Both teams got a whole lot better. I'm, I'm excited to see what the wolves can do. I don't know. Who would you rather play if you're the wolves, if you had to pick, I mean, they beat the nuggets last year in seven. Yeah. So it's like you've done it. I, yeah, no, Julius Randall was, he's exactly what the, the Timberwolves needed in the fact that he, Kat has these swings and he's an incredible shooter and incredible, like offensive big man. Julius Randall has just been consistent and it had, you've seen it where he's, he doesn't do the old Julius Randall of spinning to nowhere and all that stuff. He's just been awesome.


And Anthony Edwards, I feel like we're, we're due from, I think has Anthony Edwards has, he had a 50 point playoff game last year, right? I don't think he's gone nuclear this year. Has he? He's, he's, he's toyed with it. I I I think we're gonna get a 50, a 50 burger in the Western Conference final at some point. At some point from Anthony Edwards. Because it feels like he's, he's flirting and I'm looking right now for game logs. Yeah. I'm excited for, and, and shout out also the timber rolls fan who was just, he was just doing coke in the middle of the game. Did you guys see that? I didn't see that one. No. Yeah, there's A, there was a guy who, it was the, it was the feed of, it was the jumbotron feed. So like people have the league pass they were watching and someone noticed it.


But also, no, I think there's still, oh, I guess the league pass. There were people tweeting about it. Maybe. Here it is. TTT and T sometimes has like the back. Yeah. You can just watch the one camera angle. Yes. Yeah. Watch this. Just blatantly good for that guy. He's just dipping it on his, That guy's definitely in a WL Yeah. Love, love that. He thought he was set and the jumbotron was just right on him while he was just doing coke in his seat. That's a savage move. Yeah. But's also, it's a closeout game against the Warriors. Like I think that if, if it was a, a court situation, he'd be like, dude, we were closing out the Warriors. If I'm his boss, that Guy's an idiot. Yeah. That guy, that guy better own his own company or he is Fuck, if I'm his boss, I, I'm willing to let this one slide if it had been during a loss that Wednesday afternoon.


Yeah. Imagine if, if you're losing a playoff game, you're down 15 points in the fourth quarter and the camera catches you just doing a bump in the stands. That's, that's an issue doing sad cocaine. Although you could probably spin it anyway. You'd be like, yeah, I needed, the boys needed me. Yeah, it's a tight game. You're like, I was nervous. I needed to get locked in. If the game's outta hand though, that's, that's a bad look. 44 Points is his career. I'm gonna say it right now. 50 Burger coming for Anthony Edwards in this series. Feels I'm excited. I I don't know. Are they gonna start if, well, I guess we've already taped the Nuggets Thunder. Is there a chance we just don't have any playoffs this weekend? Yeah. WNBA they, they are taking some of the nights off to give more spotlight to WNBA opening weekend.


Got it, got it. Alright. So hockey, the Leafer major trouble. Major, major trouble. Big time. That was as much of an ass kicking as you could get in a, in front of a home crowd. Very important. Game five. Holy shit. They got smoked. Yeah. I feel Bad for Biz Oldie was watching the game with biz last night trying to, trying to amp things up. And it's funny, seeing biz be the parent in a relationship like that we're like, normally there's somebody to, to Biz's side being like, come on biz, let's not get distracted with the shiny thing. Let's, let's keep it moving. Oldie turned biz into, oh, okay, let's settle down. Oldie, come on. Like, he was the responsible one, but it didn't do anything.


Yeah, it was, it was four Nothing before you could fart. Yeah. Well Coach Craig Brew, the Leaf coach said it perfectly. He said, I don't think they came in any harder than they have. I think we let them come tonight. We stood around and watched. Yeah. So they were sitting in the cuck chair. Yeah, It's kind of hot. Yeah, kind Of hot. They were just coming, the Panthers were coming and Craig Berube was just sitting there watching the whole thing. Oh. Speaking of great coaching moves. How about, I don't think we talked about Chris Finch calling his team a bunch of losers. Yeah. When they were winning a game, I think. Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah. I believe they were up at the time. He is like, you guys are playing like a bunch of losers out there. And then Anthony Edwards after the game was like, yeah, coach just called us losers at halftime and he sometimes you guys stay. And he was right. So we just decided to stop being losers. Yeah. But yeah, Craig Beru, that's I'm It is kind of hot.


Yeah, it is kind of Hot. They just let 'em come. Yeah. And then the Oilers domination of the Knights. You can't win a, that's as close to a sweep as you can get because they won the series four one and the only win for the Knights was a buzzer Beater. Yeah. So how many minutes did, did Edmonton's goalie go without letting in a goal? Skinner? Yeah. It was, it must have been after the, the After overtime. So 60? No, no, no. It was a hundred. No was 120. It was 120 before they got to overtime. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just really on a hot streak right Now. Answered. Answered the bell. 'cause everyone, there were legitimate people saying like, Hey Skinner, that that's in crazy that you did that in the buzzer beater. How could you let him play anymore? The series comes back, doesn't give up a goal for the next two Games.


I mean, who's Batman? Who's robbing on that team? I think Skinner is probably Batman. Yeah. And then you gotta say McDavid is Robin Dry Saddle? Maybe Is Robin? Oh yeah. Yeah. And then Mc David might be Alfred. He's Catwoman. Yeah. Yeah, he's Catwoman. That seems right. I'm excited for the Oilers. I'm excited for wit Same oiler Stars feels like Could be awesome. Could be very awesome. Should we talk about the NFL schedule? Oh, I had one last, let's, Why, how are you, how, I mean we obviously taped the beginning PFT, but like what's your, what's your mindset going into the game? Oh, It's just Gonna make you predict it. How do you feel? What do you think happened? How should I feel? You should feel excited. Nervous. Nervous but excited. I feel confident. Yeah. I feel confident. I think this is a four goal win. Four Goal.


I think this is on the city. Alright, I'm gonna take an alternate line. The city is gonna win tonight. DC That's what it's all about. Yeah. It's like you got a home game. It's, you gotta rally. Get The district, get A gate. We're getting a gap in the district tonight and I'm, I'm feeling very confident if Hands on glass, If there's hands on the glass, if there's any Russian gas available anywhere in the world, Oves gonna have it before tonight. I feel like there's gonna be a lot of energy and don't let us win one. Yep. I got a message for the hurricanes. Don't let us win one. Wow. Because if we do, we're bringing the storm back to Raleigh. This Is gonna be bad if They lost and game six. I'm saying don't let us win one. Don't let, if they, if they don't let us win one, then I predict that the hurricanes will win the series. That's a good prediction.


If they let us win one, I wouldn't, I wouldn't let us win one. Don't, I'll just say that. Don't do it. You don't wanna know what's gonna happen if we win won, Don't do it. But I, It's gonna be very bad for you and very good for me. But I, I do feel strangely confident about this game Home Ice. Logan Thompson took off the, the morning skate. 'cause he's just trying to get locked in for the night. And I think, I think Ovy is gonna get a goal. I think Wilson's gonna put somebody through the glass. I think TROs gonna have two assists. And I think Pierre Luke Deis is gonna get an empty netter. Mm. Fuck Yeah. That's what I think. Fuck. Yeah. He's, we're taping this at 11 in the morning before you get on your flight to, to dc So I mean, I'm bringing my mom with me. She's gotta be worth at least two goals.


Right. Easily, easily. Like moms are Good luck. Mother's Day Week taking on a, a double date with Nate. They get a hold Mother's Day Week. Yeah. Mother's Day week. You get a whole week. Mother's Day week. I, I told post Mostly Mother's Day week. I told my mom, I was like, Hey listen for Mother's Day taking you out for a nice dinner in DC then we're gonna go to the Capitals game together. She's very excited about that. She loves the cap. So I I think Mama Comer is worth two goals at Least. Yeah. Alright. Oh, I had one last thing before we talk NFL schedule. Did you guys see one of the saddest headlines I've seen? Cavs owner, Dan Gilbert, spent over $500,000 on fake snow machines that were used one time in the postseason.


So this is a thing the Cavs did. It's called the Kavalan. When the calves go, that's, That's a nice Touch. When the calves go on a run like a unanswered, like 10 in a row, they do a kavalan in the stands where they drop fake snow. He spent $500,000. He used it one single time. But you can save that. Right? That's also a Business. I don't know. That's a business expense. Yeah. You write that off. I mean, 500 k for a billionaires, It probably, I would imagine it went 500 bucks. It, it went off. They were like, Hey, we want to, we, we want to spend half a million dollars on, on this thing where we're gonna drop fake snow. He is like, no. Like what if we told you it's the cab? That's So, some guy, some guy came up with like the Kavalan and Dan Gilbert stood up on a table and was like, We need more this guy.


How much is it gonna cost? Doesn't matter. Yeah. Was it the fake snow that cost 500 grand or was it the, the entire apparatus? I think it was the process. Fake snow, Because he's getting ripped off by his fake snow guy. Alright, Here it is. Before the start of this postseason Cavs chairman Dan Gilbert loved the idea of the kavalan duh. So much that he paid more than $500,000 to install fake snow machines in the arena ceiling that could blast confetti throughout the arena's bowl. Okay. When the calves went on one of their patented offensive tears. Okay. So that's an investment. Then the Kavalan Machine went off exactly once in the entire postseason. Yeah. That's an investment. So it's not like, you know, the, the Vallan is still there for next year. Do you Think it's Like if you put, if you renovate a bathroom, you add a bathroom to your house Yeah.


That ups the resale value. When he sells the calves 20 years from now, he's gonna be like, oh yeah. And it comes with the vallan. Yeah. Do you think Dan Gilbert, after they got bounced, like went into an empty arena? It was like just hit the caval Faster By himself. So lemme see the Vallan. I think He probably got the Kavalan turned on specifically for him before the playoffs even started. Yeah. He's like, I want to use me as the test dummy. The fucking name is right there. It's the Kavalan. Yeah. It's a great name. We need more, we need, we need more guys like Todd and more ideas like the Caval. Everyone else is fired in this room. Build the whole team outta the caval. We Do the caviar and we're just gonna dump fish eggs on it with our fans that are in the, in the wine and cheese section.


Oh man. Alright. NFL schedule. I feel very confident in remaining with my take that they completely have ruined the fun of the NF NFL Schedule Release because I don't know if you guys had the same experience. I knew the entire bear schedule at like noon on Wednesday. It should be noon and It should Also not prime time. A TV show. Give out too many games so you can all piece it together. It was a two hour show. Yeah. It was two hours of unveiling the schedule. At some point, they're just gonna do like one game per week. Right. It's gonna be like, we're gonna spend, we're gonna spend like the entire month of April and May just dropping. Okay, here's weeks one through four.


Next week is weeks four through eight. Here are all the primetime games. They're gonna try to milk it for everything. The only thing that was good about the schedule release was the apologies that had to come after the fact from teams that had screwed 'em up. Yeah. So the colds had to apologize. I'm woke on That. Yeah. So Hank, if you were to guess two things. One is a, one is a company and one is a person for who the Indianapolis Colts had to apologize to for their scheduled release. Who would you guess? Oh, I don't know. Jiff Peanut butter. No, they had to apologize to Martha Stewart to, they said, we apologized to Microsoft and Tyreek Hill. I'm woke on this Two powerful enemies.


So the cults tweeted their video. By the way, I'm con I I don't wanna sound too old. Manish, I'm out on like all the schedule release videos except for the Chargers. Yeah. That's why I said on on Monday. It's like, that's the, I will check the commanders because I want to, and then I'll check the Chargers because they usually do a great job. Everyone tries to get like so funny and cute. And then you also remember that there's owners who have to sit and like be like, approved or not approved. Just stop it. Just stop. It's not, I, I whatever the Chargers though, and the Colts now. So I'm woke on this. I think the Colts might have deleted it to get more buzz because that was legitimately a hilarious video. They actually crushed it. They did, they did Tyreek kill it as a dolphin getting arrested by the Coast Guard.


They had Will Levis getting hit by a bus, a bachelorette bus where there was a chick puking on the bus. They had Kyler Murray as the chicken jockey. They had John Rocker and Mahomes Senior fighting. And then Patrick Mahomes is a frog. And then they had Liam Cohen doing the Duval. It was funny. That sounds all funny. And then they deleted it. But I think that it actually made it even better. It's like a cult classic Cult classic. So there were multiple, there It is. Nice. Hank Brains back. Multiple teams that left, that did Minecraft. Yeah. So that was, they got either, maybe this was like a thing where they all agreed to promote the Minecraft movie and took some money on the side. Or they need to have a group chat amongst all the social media managers where they say, Hey, we got dibs on.


They gotta do a, a draft. A draft, a draft lottery. A televised draft would be funny. Yeah. To see who, who is allowed to use whatever the hottest pop culture references at the time. It would be very funny for Yeah. For them to do a televised draft. Then you have every social media, like the head of every social media team sitting in a room and they get up there and they're like, Hey, we're gonna do Minecraft. Yeah. Or like last year we got dibs on Hawk Tua. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Hey, we're, we're gonna do a play on on the Bear and we're gonna do different like cuisines. Yeah. We have the Costco guys booked. We talked to them seven months ago. Where The fuck were the Costco guys? We talked. That's how were they not Used? My guess is that every team had talked to the Costco guys and they said, you know what, we're gonna be busy.


We're banging the drum. We Well, the video, the video Of when they did the Panthers, did you see what they said in it? No. They're Like, where the cost go guys? We like every NNHL team. But tonight it's the Panthers. Yeah. Well Paul, we love all the NHL teams, but tonight we're in the Panthers house. So that means that the Panthers are a Boom and you're boom. So they could have done every, you Can't like, it should have been every, every NH lt, every, it should been 30. That's, that's illegal. The Costco guys should have revealed every single, they should have been every team's video. Yeah. You gotta use 'em for everything or nothing. I think the Costco guys are, they're, their brand is open for everybody. Yeah. They don't want to pigeonhole themselves to be in one team.


But I imagine that there were a lot of phone calls that were made to them this year. Yeah. I have one other old man take and I actually think this one's correct and people will agree with me. I think it is absolutely bullshit to have any division game played international. Agree. So the Chargers and Chiefs are playing on Friday night in Brazil to start the season, you should not have division games be international games. I would agree with that. That is so stupid. I also don't like the division games being super close together either. Yeah. That one. I, I feel like they've just been going towards that way. Like I, you, you do, you play the Eagles Close? We got Eagles Break Eagles. Yeah. I think we have Packers In three last three weeks of the season. Yeah. Yeah. I don't like that you're playing against the same team.


Yeah. Yeah. You have a by in the last three weeks of the season. Oh no. It's Eagles. Christmas Eagles. I think I know we finish the, the last game of the season is Eagles commanders. So Week five by sucks. Yeah. That's what the Bears have not, not too happy about that. Also the, I I was just looking like random things like the Browns, the Browns schedule to start as Bengals, Ravens Packers, lions, they're gonna be, yeah, it's tough. It's a very, very, very hard. All right, so the Tommy's opened the preseason at Gillette at that stupid fucking lighthouse. Hank Oh, preseason. Yeah. To a watch party. Hell yeah. Can I say Yeah. Bullshit, bullshit. That the bill used ai. Well you should have used them That we had, we did the Super Bowl.


You should've used them. Ours was ours And we did the Super Bowl. Like our release video was just a two minute video of the Super Bowl trophy. And then the last Frame was the schedule. So you so you're just hung up on the past. That's Funny. I actually like that. Yeah. It's who? That's a flex. Yeah. It's just who gives a fuck about this? Here's the schedule. I like that. I like that. But the bills using Alan Iversson is, is absolute bullshit. I very Creative though. Yeah. I thought it was fine. What if the Nuggets had used them? I mean the would fine Broncos would've been fine. Well The Buffalo doesn't have an NBA team Then You can't use Alan Iversson. They Did. They did. They used Ai. Yeah, they they did. They can't they, but they did. They did. They can't. They did whatever they want. We also have a on paper, because this is my favorite part about the schedule being released, is that we get excited for games.


We're about to do our Mount Rushmore of Games of the year on paper. We do have a very strong Thanksgiving. So it's Packers at Lions, chiefs of Cowboys Bengals at Ravens. Yeah. That's gonna be a great day. That's gonna be a great day. Really solid day. And then Bears and Eagles on Black Friday. Yeah. Right After. Yeah. This, it was gonna be my fire fest, but I, I'll bring it up now. My fire fest is at the NFL as as I thought they would They are really gonna shove the commanders down your throat next season. Yeah. They're, I think there's eight standalone games that you're gonna have to watch 'em. It's a, it's a lot of pressure. I'm not, I don't, I'm not used to the idea of my team playing in primetime so much, but it's a, a high likelihood that people will get sick as shit of seeing my team play.


Yeah. That kind of sucks. The, they also, in speaking of primetime, they did the, they hit the patch from Holmes Button the first eight weeks of the season. Five primetime games for the Chiefs. Yeah. They smart. I'm down for that. Patrick Holmes playing in a game. It will feel more important. Yep. It's just a fact. Alright. You ready to do the dumbest draft? Because half these games will have like a backup quarterback playing Yep. Mount Rushmore of Games of the Year. Hank, you wanna start? No. Okay. PFT You wanna Start? Yeah, I'll start. All right, go ahead. PFT My, This is our Mount Rushmore of Games of the Year. My first, we're gonna take it very seriously. My first overall pick for game of the year. And I'm gonna be basing this off ratings, however the ratings go.


Yep. Kansas City Chiefs at the Buffalo Bills. Mm. Good One in Orchard Park. Week 9, 4 20. The afternoon game. Blaze it. Mm. CBS. We got Nance and Romo on the call. Okay. That's gonna be a big one. I Like that one. Alright, I'll go week two Eagles Chiefs Super Bowl rematch Afternoon window. That's a really nice thing they did there because we get so hyped up for week one and then there's usually a little like, oh, week two doesn't, you don't have the same, you know, excitement. And then we have that waiting for us. So good job by the NFL schedule makers. I was gonna take that one.


Well I did. I know. It's a good pick. Yeah. Good Pick. Good value. I'll go with kind of one that's like a guaranteed, you know, we don't know what's gonna happen later in the season. Week one Baltimore at Buffalo. Mm. Lamar Jackson, Josh Allen. Bills mafia. Great pick. Great game. Great Pick. You know, you, you never know what's gonna happen throughout the season, but this is one you can, you know, is gonna be exciting. Yeah. Yep. Good pick Hank. Great Pick. You get a second one? No, No. Max I will go. My first one will be week 11. Lions at Eagles. Sunday night Football. Lions fans, lions players think that they would beat the Eagles last year so they will, you know, give 'em a chance of some sort of redemption even though it doesn't, it'll mean nothing.


Oh. Oh. And then my next one will be week four Ravens at Chiefs. Mm. That's a Good one. Sunday or Week three? I'm seeing week four. Okay. Week four. Ravens at Chiefs 4 25 start. Wow. Wow. Feels like that's be a great One. Feels like the Ravens win that one and they get feeling themselves. Yep. Then they match up later in the playoffs. Yep. Okay. Hank, I'm gonna go, I don't know where I'm gonna go with this one. I'm gonna go with week six. Hmm. Podcast producer of this show. I'm a big fan of, of part of my take.


I'm gonna go with week six. Chicago at Washington. Mm. Monday night football. Monday Night. Football. Football Tattoo Game. Gonna be a good one. We're gonna see, my guess is, you know, when they do those little weird animation things sometimes that they do on Monday night football. Yeah. They're gonna have the Pope on there. Yeah. The Pope is gonna be featured in the weird digital form. A lot of Hail Mary video. By the way, did you know that the Pope fucked What? Yeah. I just found that out this morning. How what? On a, on DV radio. How when apparently when he was like 19 years Just the, the fucking To do When he was 19 years old. Apparently he was in a little relationship. Oh. And they, they found the girl. Oh. And so this might be the first pope to have fucked. He was fucked. Yeah. Well, Well a woman.


Yeah. An adult woman. Yeah. Alright. My, I'm gonna go with, I'll go, I'll go Thanksgiving night. You know, you finished all the meals, you watch some football and then you're like, man, I hope there's a good game. How about Joe Burrow going up against Lamar Jackson in Baltimore Week 13. I love that game. I'm gonna love that game. That's a great one. Yeah. So this could hinge one way or the other. Okay. But I feel like it's great value if it hits. Yeah. Week 10, Sunday night football. October 26th. Sorry. Week eight. Sunday, October 26th. Week eight. Sunday night football. The Green Bay Packers. Yes. At the Pittsburgh. I had it on my list. Shit.


At the Pi At the Pittsburgh Steelers. If we get Aaron Rogers in Pittsburgh. Yep. Now if there's no Aaron Rogers in Pittsburgh, then everything is off the table at this point. Yep. But that will be a great game if he is. Yeah, That was, it was on my list. That's a great pick. Hat tip. Yep. Yeah. You got another one. Okay. There's just so many great games. So Many great Games. So many great games. I have to choose from here. I'm gonna go with the Bengals at the Bills. Does anyone take a hat? Ah, Bengals at Bills week 14. Ah, December 7th. Never forget Bengals. Joe Burrow going into Orchard Park playing our good friend Josh Allen. Friendship game. Yeah, I wanted that one too.


Prayers for DeMar Game. Prayers for DeMar. Gotta have prayers for, for for DeMar. Hmm hmm hmm. There's so many good games. So many good games to pick from. And it's, it's hard to pick these games because there's so many Games. You don't wanna leave one out Many games. You don't wanna leave one out and there's just so many good games. I'll go week 13 Vikings at Seahawks. Sam Donald Revenge. That'll be interesting. Yeah. Sam Darn Revenge. That is a afternoon game. Week 13. Good pick. Thanks. Similar to pf ts. This one hinges obviously on, on Aaron Rogers. But I'm gonna stick again. Go to week one. This is just fun.


Fun storylines Pittsburgh at New York Jets. Mm. Jus versus Raji teams reversed either way. One of the, one of the fan bases. Obviously if Aaron Rodgers is on the Steelers, this won't be as funny. But if he is one of these fan bases is gonna be furious One weekend, which is just hilarious. Are They gonna let, are they gonna let Aaron Rogers run out with the American flag before the game? They should. I think they should too. This is crazy that like Mason Rudolph might be their just starter. Yeah. I mean, thank God for flex scheduling. Right. They should Trade for Jamis Giants have too many quarterbacks. It's just a fact. I should have got Duy Should have gotten Duy.


Alright, max, you got your last two. This has been some great podcasting. Yeah, This has been great. I'm gonna go with week 17 Eagles at Bills. Okay. Nice. Another 4 25 start and then crazy. I've shown many here. You Gotta hope game doesn't matter though, right? It's second to last week. Oh, true. Yeah. Still. Yeah. I mean, whatever. Eagles at Bills week 17 and then I'm gonna go week 10. Monday night Football Eagles at LA in Lambo. Okay. I think I'm gonna go to that game. So, but that's gonna be a great game. The the tush push revenge game. Yeah. Band This Pussies.


Pussies. We actually, we know we don't say that right to the Packers Anymore. We don't say that. We don't say that. Okay. Hank, you're all right. I'm Gonna go off the beaten path here. I'm gonna call my shots. I'm gonna do that as well. I think, I think, you know, the voting will probably happen tomorrow, so, but we might have to do a post mostly vote. 'cause if this comes true, I I think I would, I would get the win Week four Cleveland at Detroit Shado Sanders coming out party. Oh, okay. I like that call. Three weeks Of, you know, buildup. People saying stardom, stardom, stardom. I think week four is, is maybe the time when, you know, something comes to its head, maybe an injury with the quarterback and it's like, okay, it's she dusty time at Detroit.


You know, powerhouse goes in wins on the road and he's he's arrived. Yeah. Okay. I like that. All right. I'm gonna go off the beaten path too and, and try to call my shot. This is my holy shit. There's too many international games. This game's gonna suck. And then it actually rocks Game of the year. It's sat Sunday, November 9th in Berlin. Falcons at Cults. I don't wanna watch that game. Okay. But then it's just gonna end up rocking. Yeah. I do not want to watch that game. And it's also like, perfectly, it's the, it's the fifth, I believe international game. Sixth international game of the year. You're just be like, dude, we're doing this still. And, and, and then somehow like Anthony Richardson and Michael Pennix are gonna have like the best games ever.


Yeah. It's good to call your shot on one of 'em. Yeah. After, after. You're already sick of waking up that early. Right. I'm also gonna call my shot. Whoa. Okay. We got shot Callers time. Big time calling my shot. This is January 25th and it is the Washington Commanders against the Chicago Bears for the NFC championship. Wow. That is my game of the year. Wow. Putting it all on the line. Love That. I would love that. Love. What a great, what a great, great game that would be. It'd be Great for the show. I actually don't know where it's, where it's gonna be played at. Either Chicago or, or DC I Don't have What about England? My fucking Roger's gonna make us do another one. Oh, nevermind. No, he's talking about called. Yeah, I think it's gonna be in DC I think it's gonna be in dc. Gotta be in dc.


Gotta be in dc. Yep. Why's it gonna be in dc? Have you guys, because you Guys, they were turning, they were, you know, you guys are, you guys are up in cover still. Have you guys done a blind? Washington's established powerhouse? They gotta keep, keep trucking. I feel like He's now trolling both of us. Yeah, he Is. I'm, I'm choosing not to engage. Have You guys, you Guys made the n that's established. I'm choosing not to engage with Hank and his Hank wins one fucking playoff game Ad ho. Right? He's so Dial I'm gassing you up. He's so Tough. You in one playoff game, you swing back and forth like a motherfuckers I'm crazy. Up up. Oh wow. God forbid a sports fan goes up and down with Participation. The point, Hank, wait, but You go from either wanting, you go from either thinking that you're God to turning into a mass shooter based On a win or loss.


Again, I don't know what you want me to say. I'm emotional guy. Yeah. What? It's true. Also, I was just complimenting you. Have you And that turns me into an asshole. Have You guys done a blind go through your own schedule and get your record? I I've not done that yet. All Of our games seem like cupcakes, But I'll just say I'll, I'll say 11 six. That's what, so I did it on Wattle and Sylvia yesterday. They sprung it on me and I ended up at 11 and six. I was like, I don't like that. Yeah. I think I'd rather be 10 and seven is feels like a or nine and eight feels six outta 10 Excitement. But you know what? Every year I look at the schedule and I'm like 11 and six. Yeah, that's true. I can do it. Alright, let's get to our interviews. We've got two great interviews. We've got Mike Miller and then our guy Randy Moss talking Preakness.


Before we do that PFT you got a couple ads?


Yeah. Before we get to our good friend Mike Miller, he's brought to you by truly, truly, it's time to get unruly with truly unruly lemonade. It is delicious. This stuff is great. I love the bump and blue raspberry. That's my favorite flavor that they got. The truly unruly lemonade combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. It's lemonade Let loose 8% a BVA hundred percent delicious. You got the four flavors, the bump and blue RAs, the OG original Lemonade, the punched up pineapple, the wild pink, the official hard seltzer part of my take. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly. Find out a store near you or visit truly hard seltzer.com. And now here's Mike Miller.


Okay, We now welcome on a very, very, very, very special guest. It is two time NBA champion turned agent. He's here for the combine. Shout out Lyft. Thank you. Appreciate it. Yeah, it is Mike Miller, thanks for coming by. It's awesome to see you. It's awesome to have you in the studio. Why don't we start with the combine. So you are an agent now. How was, how's the transition to being an agent? First of all, dope spot. Appreciate y'all having me in here. Yes, thank you. We're gonna hold our con our pro day outta your guys' facility next year for sure. Absolutely. Okay. Get all the NBA teams in here. Yes. Show some love. But no, it's been, it's been awesome. I knew I wanted to stay in the game when I got, when I retired after 17 years, I took a little bit of time off and then got into coaching at University of Memphis.


Covid hits, everyone's going crazy. Right. So took a reset button and knew I wanted, like I said, I wanted stay in the game and help these kids. And so was bunch of my guys kinda like you guys doing this stuff. Right. We, we started to put lift together and I think five years in now we're super excited where we're grow on this thing and we're continue to build. Yeah. Very cool. So who, who do you represent now? So we have guys across the board. So Palo Ban Carroll, Wendell Carter. We got Jeremiah Fear in this year's draft Boogie Flan. We got Jabari Smith at Houston. Our company's got a ton of guys. Man, we're blessed. It's been, it's been awesome. As a, as a Wizards fan, I was very disappointed that we got the six overall pick. But now I've, I took a day and then I started doing some scouting and I, I watched a little of Jeremiah fears play last year, but now I'm like, I think I want that guy.


You Should Want him. I, I think, I think, I think he's gonna be a great NBA point guard. I really Do. So, so I got good news. I got bad news. Okay. The good news is you should want him. He's gonna be an absolute monster. I don't think he gets a six. Ooh, Please. This is, this is Agent Mike talking. 'cause I watched a clip of pa of the year Paolo got draft. Yeah. And he told the story. Paolos told the story, who's he's been on this show. He is, he was awesome. He said that you were just pacing and talking to yourself and being like, lock in, get in the zone. You gotta be agent Mike. Is that true? Were you doing with That? You gotta lock in. It's, it's different. You know what I mean? Like, you know, once you get outta the game, you gotta find competitive shit. Keep you going. And so, you know, for me it was like, that's, that's just the way I am. Right.


And so one, I owe it to them, you know, and if they, if they pick Lyft and they pick me to represent them, I wanna give 'em the best I got. So I just, it is, it is not Agent Mike talking about Jeremiah. Jeremiah's just a special kid and he is a grinder. And I've been with him for the last month and a half, well the whole year. But last month and a half training him and just seeing where he is at. And he's just a baby. I mean, and three, four years, like when you remake this draft, he's gonna be one of the top, probably top one or two in this draft class. Wow. Yeah. I I like that. I mean, please just say yeah, if you could go behind the scenes, just say the opposite of everything that you just said To everybody ever watched him to the Spurs, the hors to the Sixers. Yeah. No, he's, he's junk. You don't want him, he's that kid. That kid's a wizard man. Yeah. Yeah, go ahead.


No, no, I was just gonna say, so you, you do have a, a gear that you have for Agent Mike? Yeah, I mean it's, I don't know if that's, you know, p gassed that up a little bit, but I appreciate him doing that. But you know, he gassed it up a little bit, but there's definitely gears to it, right? Like some of that stuff's outta your control. Especially when you get there. Like the, the work's been done, you know, like going to this draft for the next two to three weeks. Obviously they've been all the, our kids have been doing all the training already, but now they start going out here. Now that the draft lottery's set, you start going out here and visiting teams and go do your workouts once you get to draft day. You know what I mean? A lot of the work's been done. Right. And so it's, it's just now, you know, trying to manipulate some things at the end which you try to do. Yeah. Behind the scenes as an agent, I feel like the NBA has a lot of, there's a lot of strategic trade requests that are floated Out there.


I think I know where this is going. Yeah, Well no, I'm just, you can take it wherever you want to. Is there an art to leaking a trade request? I think, I think there is an art to it and I think, you know, depending on, you know, where your, where your kid is at as far as how much scrutiny or how much li light he wants to take, right? I mean some guys are just blunt 'cause they wanna be out. Other guys you can, you can find ways to, to do it. Fortunately for me, in my situation, I'm only four or five years in, we really haven't had any trade requests. So I haven't had to deal with that. But I think, I definitely think there's an art to it. I mean, the way you market it and the way you do it is, is important. Yeah. Yeah. So when you retired you immediately were like, I have to stay in the game some way and get into coaching or did you take a minute where you're like, 'cause we talked to Jo Keem a couple weeks ago.


He said he didn't watch basketball for three years. He's like, I can't watch basketball. That's the biggest Jo Keem thing ever. Yeah, Yeah. He was just like, I just couldn't do it. I didn't want to do it. I didn't wanna be a part of it. Now he's back to watching basketball. Did you have any of that or were you like, I had a great career. I, I got everything I needed to get out of it, and now I'm onto the next chapter. I mean, I, I, you know, for a lot of us, you know, you know, for most people you don't get to land your own plane and, and decide, you know, to end when you want to. Right. And so to play 17 seasons was a blessing. I still had that hunger and wanted to be in it. My kids were at an age where I could be involved a lot more in their stuff. So as far as basketball and stuff was concerned, I took a little bit of time off for sure. I didn't wanna dive right back in. But like anything else in life, man, you get bored and you want to, you want to, you know, recreate some of that creativity and that competitiveness.


And so got into college coaching and really, to be honest with you, college coaching and agency can kind of align. You're, you're doing the same things, just not the coaching part of it, but I'm still training the kids. I'm on the floor with the kids. So it's just, it's a, it's a dope life to have right now. For sure. Yeah. So I, the college coaching that, the famous viral clip of you just cooking everyone on Memphis at 40 years old, that had to feel good and people didn't see it. This is a, obviously a division one very good college team and showing the levels to it. Yeah. Mike Miller's, you know, you've been outta the game for a couple years, you're 40 years old and it was not even close. You were just, you were just dominating them one-on-one. Yeah. Did it where you're like, yeah, this is awesome to show them like, this is what the level is, this is what you gotta get to.


Yeah, I Mean, I think obviously it's when you're ex-player or anything you've done in the past and guys are, young kids are trying to get there. They talk a lot of shit to you. You know what I mean? So at some point you gotta, you gotta fight back. Yeah, yeah. And so and so, yeah, I mean it's, it's, it's fun to be able to do that. Obviously I can't do it anymore, but those guys are getting, continue to get better. But yeah, that was fun. And I had to make, I had to make a statement. Did They look at you different afterwards? Oh yeah. Yeah. Like, like they took what you said a little bit more seriously. Yeah, a Little more seriously. I think they believed a little more. I mean, it was, it was a, it was a unbelievable honor to be coaching there. 'cause at the end of the day you're coaching with Penny too, like, right. Like, whatcha you gonna say to Penny? You know? Yeah. Unfortunately for some of 'em kids, they didn't realize how great Penny was. And so, you know, for, for all the old players, I had a, I had a stand up for us one at least once.


Yeah. Going back to the, the trade request thing, because I think you thought I was gonna ask you about LeBron. So I will ask you about LeBron now. What was that like asking LeBron if it was okay if you got traded? Is that how it went down? Where you're like, Hey, Hey bro, you cool? Or, Or did he just like insert himself after the fact when he, when he was like, Hey, just so you guys know, I, I told Mike it was okay if you wanted to go somewhere else. Yeah. Hey LeBron, is it cool if I get trained? You know, what are we gonna do here? No, you know, it's next question. Okay, Question. So what wa what was the difference between LeBron and Miami and then Cleveland? 'cause you played with him both times. Was it, could you tell a difference? 'cause it, it, it, I don't know.


I don't know. Yeah. I mean he like Dwayne, wait, it was, it was, obviously LeBron is LeBron, but it was, he was going to a place where it was Dwayne Wade's team franchise. And then he goes back to Cleveland. He's, it's more his team, more his franchise. Could you notice that? Could you feel that? Yeah. I mean he obviously going back there having the success I had in Miami, you could see it, you know, I was one year removed. I went and played Memphis for one year, then went with him to Cleveland. That's right. And so when I got back there, even that year though, like you could see the, the energy of himself, especially coming back to Cleveland, you could see where he is at. Felt he had something to prove again. But his game had changed too, right? Like those three, four, the three years or four years I played with him in Miami, he unbelievable athleticism.


So people would always ask me like, how much more time does LeBron got? And at that time, even when I was in Cleveland, I said, he probably got two or three more years at this level and he just keeps reinventing the shit. So it's like now it's like, I don't even want to answer the question no more. Yeah. You know what I mean? Because he's now, he is a 40% three point shooter and he is efficient as hell. And he's, if you look at his numbers across the board or like MVP numbers in Miami. Yeah. You know, so it's like, I, I don't even know how to answer your question, but there's definitely differences. You could see the athletic come down a little bit, but it was still like freakishly athletic. Right. So, but his mind and the way he approached stuff, you could tell came from some of that Miami stuff for sure. Yeah. I, I heard a story that he used to lose weight during games when he was on the heat. Is that true? Man, I'll tell you the greatest story, and I've said this wrong. I'm Sorry, my, I screwed that up.


I, the, the story is that LeBron would gain weight, gain weight game during games. Yeah. He'd weigh in before and then afterwards, which Sounds great. Yeah. I tell you a crazy story. We did weight body fat in Miami. This is game, God, I wanna say it's six might be off on the game, sorry, at home against Indiana in the playoffs. Weight body fat's always on Thursday in Miami. And I think this game landed on Thursday. So he does his weight body fat. And he weighed in that day before the game at like 2 67 maybe. I, I might be off on the weight, but the story's the same. He goes and plays, it's an overtime game almost positive. And he has ridiculous numbers and he don't use a towel, man. Like when you watch him on the bench, he's got like these little wipes. He like, don't sweat, doesn't do anything, plays I think 40, like almost 50 minutes.


'cause an overtime game he weighed like six pounds heavier. That's Crazy. After the game. And that's why like, he's a test tube baby. He's not real. Yeah. That's that. That isn't real. Not real. That's crazy. Nuts. And I mean, just the fact that he was weighing 2 67 to begin with, no. And then playing like that is crazy. I mean, we joke about LeBron a lot because let's be, he gives us some material to work with. Yeah. He's Fun to joke about. He's fun to joke about. But at the end of the day, what he's done in the NBA is just absolutely incredible to still be at this level. It's unbelievable. And it's, like I said, they're worried about him, you know, cramping and body weight and he'd gain weight like during the game is like, he's not human. So what you're either saying is a hundred percent like what he's been able to sustain and do. I saw him at the game in Memphis not too long ago and the way he's prepping and doing stuff for the game is why it's like if I to bring young kids, like that's it.


You know what I mean? Like he puts so much time in in his body to be able to do this and obviously gets hurt last game of the year history. But to do this for as long as he has is unbelievable. Well Now he has his greatest test of all time. He's got to make Luca not fat. Do you think he will? That's a good question. This Is like, LeBron's done it all. But can he do the, the one thing no one's been able to do? That's a great question. He said, He said that's a great, it Is a great, I know you were about to say it so I I just said it First. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We're finishing other sentences already. It's Crazy. I think Luca's a hundred percent dialed in. I think you're gonna see a different Luca. I do. I think you're gonna see Luca. I think Luca has, do You think he's a hundred percent dialed in or you think he's more like 275% dialed in?


I think I, somewhere around there. I think Luca has a lot to prove. I think he does. He has a lot to prove. I think he knows that and he's being around Luca little bit that I have. Super, super competitive. I think he comes back in, in elite shape next year. A as an agent, and you're obviously in the league circles, was the Luca trade as shocking to you in the moment as it was to everyone else? Absolutely. I mean, you don't, you don't see it, right? You don't, and as an agent, what it does is it puts you on your, it puts you on your Ps and Qs because if anyone can, if you can trade Luke, you can trade anybody. Right. Anyone. Right. So it can't get comfortable. That's true. And so, you know, obviously everyone was shocked by it. And for anything to happen in the NBA and you guys know this is like, for no one to know about it before it happens is almost impossible.


Yeah. So the fact that they're able to pull that off and do that stuff with no one, no one about it was crazy. But yeah, I mean, I, I don't, I don't think anyone saw that one coming. Yeah. I I think he will be locked in. I think he's going to, there were a lot of things that were said about Luke and he'll go back and he'll watch how he played in playoffs and he'll see what everybody else saw and be like, there's some things I need to get better at conditioning defense. And I think I'll probably work at all that stuff. You in particular, I'm sure you worked a ton like having a stroke like that. What was, what was your workout routine that you would put yourself through to make sure that you dialed in? You Know, I did the same thing. I was, I was boring. I did the same thing every day for basically 35 years. But it was, you know, it was the same, it was the same routine.


And it was, you know, every day I would, I would at least make a thousand shots. But as, as I grew in the league and you started understanding like your off seasons about yes, getting better, but once you've played long enough, you know where your shots are coming from. So now master no shots. Right? Like, and that's what I would say for every young kid, you know, there's probably one guy on the, on the floor, on the, on a team that can dictate and do a lot of the creative shit. But for the rest of 'em that you know where your shots are coming from and you know how many you're gonna get. So the biggest thing for me was just dialing into that. 'cause if you're gonna get, when I was in Miami, for example, if I was gonna get, you know, three or four or five threes, I had to make three of them. Right. And so you had to put pressure on yourself and you had to do it in a, in a training in a way to put pressure on yourself. So like, for all these kids, man, it's understanding where you're at now, where you wanna be.


But how do I get playing time now? And so my routines were always the same. Once I knew who I was, I just dialed into it. Was it a lot harder to transition to like, the veteran spot where it's like, Hey, I'm only getting five shots a night. Yeah. Like this is now. Because if you shoot 15 times a night, you know, you can miss some. You're gonna miss some. But if you shoot five, you got, like you said, you gotta make three. Like you have to do that. Yeah. It was going to, Miami was one of the, one of the toughest things. And, And we, we talked about it And we joked about it. Obviously the big three signs there. And they talk about winning all these championships and put the pressure on us to do it, but not the sacrifices that a lot of people had to make. Not just financial, but playing and, and style. And it was new for a lot of people, you know what I mean?


Like, we weren't, I mean, I'm not sitting here saying it was great, but we had different roles on different teams. And when you went there, my role was completely different. Right, right. And, and my shots went down. I was less pick and roll ball's not in your hands as much. So you don't get that feel in the rhythm of a game. So I literally trained myself because I got sick of it. I get three or four threes, I get on that treadmill and run for five minutes, jump off and shoot one shot, you know, treadmill, run for five minutes, jump off and shoot one shot. 'cause that's what my life was. I was running corner to corner, being kind of a glue dude and making shots for these guys to give LeBron d Wade and CB their space, you know, mean. So, and I got sick of the ball getting, hitting my hands and getting ready to shoot in the cold car. You know what I mean? I was like, I'm done with that shit. I'm not gonna do that no more. So you, you gotta put pressure on yourself to do that, and that's how you gotta train.


So, but it's, it's all situational, right? Yeah. Like my situation was different there than it was when I played in Washington, which was crazy. My situation was different than I was in Memphis when I played there or Orlando. So it's all about opportunity where your situation lies. Yeah. What's What's the, the most shots you've made in a row in practice? I shot, I made 88 threes one day. 88 in a row. Yep. That's crazy. 88 threes one day. Yeah. So If you, if we said right now like go out and shoot a hundred threes, what would you confidently Plus 80, somewhere in that area. Still To this day. Yeah. That's so awesome. That's, that's like riding a bike though. Shooting like Bike. Yeah. When you're making 88 threes in a row, are you being critical of yourself? Like the ball hits the rim when it comes in, like As it's a bad shot's?


Yeah. I mean you never, you're never critical of yourself, but like, you, you can feel like when you shoot as much as it's like any, when you do something muscle memory for so long, like you can feel when you're, you're slipping somewhere, right? Like that's where I try to get these kids now is like, if you do something long enough or you do it enough, you'll start being able self-correction. And when you get that thing in a rhythm like that, it's like, like anything in life, man. It's like when you go to play that softball game tonight, you get your rhythm going. It's a wrap. Yeah. Yeah. How good are you at beer pong? Elite beer pong? Yeah. Really? Yeah. One 'cause I can drink beer really well, so it's like, I don't mind losing either. Yeah. Are you the best South Dakota Beer drinker? Yeah, probably. No, I was gonna say athlete ever. Oh. Who would be in the running? Was is B Dallas Godard from there?


He, yeah, I think boy Been a Terry. He from There, he's from one of, yeah, I think Dallas Goddard's from one of the Dakotas That the athletes Brock Lesner. Is He from there? Yeah. Chad Greenway. Chad Greenway a great football player. Mark Ellis. Hunter Lepke. Mike Miller. You were listed three here. Three, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, you, I mean, you're the best basketball player from South Dakota, right? Yeah. I So you have to say, are you, you, what were you, what were your, was there stars back when you were coming outta high School? Yeah, I mean I was, I was fortunate. I was McDonald's all American. I got to do those things. So were you five Star? Five star guys? Oh yeah. So you, you're that's, that's not even a question. Jay Novacek. That was remember him? Yeah. Tight end for the, for the Cowboys.


Yeah. I think I'm gonna give it to you. Thank you. Do means a lot. South Dakota Doesn't really have Anything else get, can we get a trophy from, from you guys? Yeah. Yeah. Absolute a trophy. South Dakota. South Dakota. I didn't need a PMT trophy put in my room. What was that like going from South Dakota to, to Florida? Like the level up in competition must have been huge, right? Yeah, I mean it was, you know, I was He's talking about the chicks. Oh yeah. That was leveling up too For sure. One Of the bigger reasons I chose that place for I like South Dakota women. I do, I do. Hey, Come back with me. We're good. Yeah. We could bail some hay sturdy women. Yeah. Strong, strong st. That's crazy. Not fire. It was, it was definitely, you know, for me though, I was fortunate. My parents did a lot of sacrifice.


I they were allowed to play in a lot of these tournaments when I was growing up. So I, I stepped outta outside of South Dakota and played in, in those tournaments to, to David showcase myself a little more. But yeah, I mean, anytime you go from, you know, high school level to college level is always leveling up. For sure. Yeah. Especially in the SEC. Yeah. Alright, so the, I got a couple questions about the championship years for the heat. Yeah. The famous Ray Allen shot. Did you guys know that the Spurs were dead after that? Yeah, I mean it's, it's, it's tough. I mean, the, the reality is like when you play in a league for a long time in moments like that, they had us beat dead in the water to miss a couple big free throws. We get a couple scramble, play loose balls, ray hits, I mean, an absolutely ridiculous shot.


Not just to make that shot, but to stay and bounce and make that shot. But the crazy thing I know is people, he's, it is been well noted. He said it a lot, he practiced that shot. Thousands. It's wildest thing I've ever seen. Like you, I thought he was like, you know, drunk the first time. Like he's lays down, gets up, he does the whole deal. Like back backstepping over, back Pedal the corner, every, he does the whole deal. And, and, and that's where I tell you, if you're ever gonna do anything in life, like you never think you're gonna use that shot. But for that moment it was worth it. Right? Yeah. So they were in trouble after that. Yeah, they were in trouble after that. It's just hard to overcome that. Especially at, at home in Miami stuff. Yeah. The, were you in the, the air conditioning game? No, I think that was the year after. The year after. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Okay. When they smoked smoked You guys out. Yeah.


When he, when he cramped? Yeah. Yeah. The cramped. Yeah, that Was, yeah, that was gone. I was in Memphis playing. That Was, yeah, that was a a, a tough one to watch. That's we were watching And we were like that this feels like it's rigged. NB do you think the N NBA's rigged? No, I don't think the N NBA A is rigged, but you know, it's hard for you to ask that question now after the, the lottery has came out with a 1.1% chance. I know, I know. That was a make good, that's why in the b like, thanks. Yeah. It's a, I don't think it's rigged, but I ain't got a whole lot of ground to stand on after the, the draft lottery the other day. But, you know, I, I still believe it's not. Yeah. So when they, when they did say not like three, not four, not five, not 6, 7, 7 championships, you talk about some of the pressure that it put on you. Yeah. Did, was there like a, a group chat on the side that's like, holy shit, what, what did they just sign us up for?


You didn't even need to have a group chat. Everyone felt that. Yeah. Yeah. When we, I'll be honest, man. When we lost that first year in Dallas, and then you go on the next year and you can just feel the pressure. 'cause you know, at the end of the day it's, they're more than likely gonna keep the three, they're gonna make a ultimate change if we don't win the following year. Yep. We go down, I think we, yeah, I know where we are. We're down three, two going into Boston. And you can, I mean, at the end of that, like, first of all, the greatest game I've ever seen of one individual play LeBron in that game, it was unbelievable. But if we don't win that series, like we don't, I'm, I, none of us are ever in Miami except for those three guys probably.


We're all outta there. So like, when you were done with that season, it wasn't the physical exhaustion, it was the mental exhaustion that was done because it's like, we didn't get to, I didn't, for me personally, I wasn't even like a celebration. It was like, fuck, thank God. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, we won. 'cause there was so much pressure on us. Yeah. Was there more pressure from, from that statement of wanting to win seven or just having Pat Riley around all the time, just like observing Everything you do? Probably Godfather. Yeah. So, so what, what's he, what's he like to work with? Because he seems like, I mean, a guy that he's got an enormous amount of respect from, from a lot of guys that have Played for him the absolute greatest because, you know, where he stands at all times, there's no sugarcoating anything. Yeah. Like in life, all you wanna know is where you stand. And with him, it's, it's easy. He's got principles and if you don't reach those things, you're out. It doesn't matter who you are.


So it's why he's able, able to create a culture that he's been able to create there. And, and all you want, like I said, is just okay where you stand. All right, cool. I know how I gotta do, I gotta do my job. I do my job. Yo, appreciate and respect me for it. Yeah. And he's the best at that. Do you think he stole LeBron's cookies? Do you know that story? Yes. Okay. And do you Think it happened? Dway Just told that story that way? Do you think it happened? He might have stole his cookies. Yeah, I think he stole his cookies. It's disrespectful, honestly. Yeah. You can't steal another man's cookies. I, I appreciate what Pat Riley's done for the sport, but at the end of the day, still you guys cookies, man to man, let him eat. Let me let him eat dessert. Yeah. Did you guys, when you guys were, were starting off with, did you know, was there a moment where you're like, oh, spo this guy can coach.


Like, did it click because he was young and it was, there was definitely some conversations Yeah. Of like, oh, is can he handle this? Is it, should Pat Riley come back down? That Whole thing. The, the one thing I love about spo I love about the organization is they let people be who they are. Spo Well, I mean, they don't wanna meet cookies, but Yeah. Okay. Keep going. Like Outside of the cookies, they pretty much like, no, but I'm saying like, like SPO had, they, they were so aligned that sp could be who he wanted to be. Right. He didn't have to be like someone that was for like, they were so aligned in their journey and what they wanted to do. Spo the thing that I respected about sp is he was young and people questioned him, obviously at that age, getting that team about how he coached.


And he did his own, he did his way. Yeah. And he coached the way he wanted to coach and was, and was loud and proud about it. Right. And so I knew at that point he was gonna be just fine because the hardest thing in those things is not, is is losing the locker room by being kind of soft. And he wasn't, he was as tough as he wanted to be. Yeah. I'm sure getting results that helps too. Right? That definitely. Like When it proves that he can win that his way will will lead you to winning basketball games. Absolutely. Then it's like, okay, yeah, I'll, I'll, I'll go where you tell me to go. And he was so dialed in and organized like that gets respect out of, of, of basketball players that understand how to play and the preparation of things. Once you see him putting the time in your respect goes up. Yeah. And he put all the time in the world, he was so organized and was so dialed into everything we did. So At the, towards the end of your career, you played with the Nuggets.


Yes. What Was your first impression of Yoic? I thought he was the best basketball player in, in the world. That's it. Yeah. I, I'll give you a funny little story. I, I get traded from Cleveland to Portland at this time. I'm representing myself. I do a buyout from Portland and I go to the Nuggets. I'm three days late for camp. So I get there and I'm sitting at the practice. I don't practice today. Coach Malone and, and the Croy family. Just tell me Tim Conley, who's now with the Minnesota Timberwolves said, just sit and watch this once. So I watched it and at the end of the practice they asked me, said, what'd you think? I said, I don't know who that fat ugly kid is over there, but he's your best player. And it's not even close.


And this is, is this rookie Yoic? This is Todd. This is a Taco Bell rookie. Wow. So what did everybody miss about him if it was like obvious to you? I, I've never seen, I mean, obviously listen, he has, he, he had that time, he had flaws, right? Like his body wasn't great. You know, he's not a, he's not a, if you look at his old combine stuff or hoop summit stuff, it's like, I don't jump high. I just, but I've never seen a young kid like the ball hit his hands. Like the Matrix, like shit just stops. Right? And, and the game's slow for him. For all young kids. The game's super fast and outta control and that's why they make so many mistakes and why veteran coaches don't play him. But the ball hit his hands and everyone got better. Like, if you see guys that play in that system, ultimately they get paid. Ultimately they go do certain things and then they go somewhere else. Or not. It's him.


It's, it's a matrix effect. It's a joker effect. Yeah. What was he like as a teammate? The best, absolute best. Yeah. Like it's, it's, it didn't speak great English. It as a broken English, but at the beginning now it's just, but he was, he's fucking, he's hilarious. And his brothers are great too. I mean, everyone talks about it. They're the, they're the best. Yeah. And Joker can do whatever he wants 'cause he got those big guys behind him. Yeah. Funny guys. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Are you still a wild animal guy? I am. What do you own right now? I got a raccoon and a fox. You have a raccoon? Foxes. I can see. I I've heard that you can like domesticate foxes within like two generations. Right. And they'll be like your best friend. Yeah. Yeah. Raccoons are adorable. Did you see the meth raccoon the other day? No. It was a cop, it was a cop in Florida that was, they were arresting somebody.


They go up to the, the door to the minivan, open it up and there's a raccoon. Her pet raccoon is sitting there hitting a meth pipe and his adorable little pause. It was, it was the most, it's adorable little Pause in the meth. So floored. It was the most Florida story of all time. Yeah. How did, how did you become a, a crazy animal guy? My wife is just as crazy as I am. So we love, we love, we love animals. And so whenever one gets brought into like the, you know, pet place or whatever, someone turns one in like, the raccoon was like two, two days old. Three days old or whatever. Yeah. Got turned in. And the vet will call us and say, we got this. And of course we'll take it on. We'll do it. We're idiots. What Are their names? So Coco is, is a raccoon and Roxy is the fox.


My daughter named them Three names. So no more monkeys. No more monkeys. No. We learned Our Lesson. Yeah. The monkey. No, That was awesome. I love that pet. What happened? Every one of my friends, period. What happened with the monkeys at the end? They just got, you got yelled at by your neighbors for having Monkeys. Oh, I got caught at by a lot of stuff. Yeah. Riding the dogs. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But at the end, yeah. So yeah, me and my wife went out And we put Sonny up in a room. We had two great Danes at the time. Sonny came down, let the two great Danes in, and then open the front door and we're at dinner And we getting calls from, we got calls from the neighborhood, HOA, like, hey, your monkey's riding your dogs around in the neighborhood. But, but, but at the end of it, at the end of it, we had my oldest son, we had our oldest son at the time.


And the, the sonny the monkey was getting very, very attached to us. And so it was the best that we gave it away at the time. So Yeah. But he was, he was literally like, honestly, and I, I mean this sincerely, like I had three friends living with me at the time, was better IQ than all three of them. Yeah. And I'll go get you a beer. What's that like raising a monkey? Because they're so smart. Like the, the great thing about raising some dogs, I like, I like big dumb dogs. And as a great Dane guy, you know how they can be. Sometimes they're easy to trick. Yeah. But with a monkey, you can't trick a monkey. No. You're, yeah. You're not, you're not tricking them at all. No. And and they're, and they're, and they're super fast and they, they, they, I mean, you can't, you can't keep up with 'em. Like, he'd jump in the aquarium like he was, it was nuts.


It was fun though. But yeah, they're, like I said, they're smarter. Most of my friends as wild. Yeah. Was he actually riding the dogs? It was, yeah. Ride the ride The Great Dane all the time. Like, sit down, like, like it's unbelievable. That's incredible. I I I gotta send video. I have, I have video. That's so funny. What Outside of LeBron? Actually Outside of LeBron, Wade, Bosch, the, those heat teams. Who, who is the best player you played with? You had a lot of teammates. Joker. Joker. That's it. Joker, I think. I think Joker, if Joker does this early, I think Joker goes down as like one of the best players of all time. Yeah. Not the best. Yeah. You also played with eight other Mikes. Can you name, name 'em all? Mike Bibby. Okay. That's one. Did I play with Mike Bibby? Yeah. Yeah. You played with Mike Bibb Miami. Yeah. Yep.


Mike Conley. Yep. Is where it's gonna get tough. I played so many teams Yeah. So bad that he just kicked me out everywhere. You had two on the Wizards. Two on the Wizards. Yeah. These are tough names. Who is it? Mike Harris and Mike James. Oh, Mike James. Yeah. Yeah. And then you had Mike Batiste. Oh, Mike Batiste. I guess it was seven. 'cause Mikel Gladness, he's not a, a Mike. No he is not. And then Michael Doak. Oh, Mike Big Doley. How? Yeah. And oh, Michael Dickerson. Oh, Michael Dickerson was, he Had a lot of Mikes. Michael Dickerson was good by the Way. When a Mike would come in, were you like, Hey, I'm the mike. Yeah. Yeah. Come on us. Whatcha are we doing here? What we doing Here?


Who, come on here, by the way. Show. What are we calling this guy here? Yeah. Right. You can't be Mike. I'm Mike. Yeah. Here. You were talking about The, the Wizards being a, a wild time in your career. What, what is it about the Wizards that kind, it felt like that was a, a very chaotic point in Well that was The year that Gil brought the guns in. Yes. Oh. So yeah, we just had 'em on. We had 'em on. He told, Oh, I gotta watch that story. Wasn't he, did he tell, did he tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth? Well, we Don't know. We, he told what he told his truth. Yeah. But I wasn't there, so I don't know. Can you, can you, can you Tell us, were you in The locker room? Yes, I was. Okay. So can he tell his truth? What did he say? What did he say? I love Gil by the way. He, he said he brought in, he brought in two guns and then put a, a tag on it that said pick one. Pick one. Yeah. I think it was more than two, but pick one was definitely there.


Yeah. And he said that his gun was never loaded. Okay. And that, that crittenden's gun might have been loaded. Yeah. And that the reason why Crittendon got the big punishment that he got was because Gilbert Arenas had been technically trafficking guns and weapons from Arizona across the country. Yeah. From Arizona, whenever he'd fly back. So they asked him, have you ever brought this on a team plane? And he had a bunch of guns that he was flying back to DC with. And in DC you're not allowed to have any guns. It's like a, it is a felony if you get caught with a handgun in, in dc. So he says that he kind of had to get this big punishment because he was trafficking weapons. That was his explanation.


Your thoughts. So, so, No, I, that part I know nothing about. That's news to me there. The story of him bringing the guns in saying pick one. A hundred percent true. Okay. A hundred percent true. So what were you sitting in the locker room when he Comes in? I was literally, I was literally on the taping table getting ready. Javaris walked in. They had, they had a little, they had a little, little beef on the airplane about cards don't have practice. The next day, following day, they come in, J JC comes in, I says, Hey, Javar, no matter what happens, man, like leave it. I I think it's over, but leave it, you know what I mean? Like, you're not winning this one. It's Gil. Right. Like it's a franchise dude. Right. Like, you're not winning this one. Gil walks in, I think it's more than two, but it's two.


We'll go two today. Yeah. He puts 'em on, he puts it on Java's chair. I'm, I'm looking dead at it and writes a note, says pick one. And I see Javar coming outta the cold. So I, I say, Hey man, leave that shit alone, bro. Yeah. And then it went sideways. Yeah. Did you leave the Oh yeah. Exit step. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta get outta There. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't wanna see the end of that one. That's crazy. Yeah. 'cause I wa I watched the Netflix, the, the documentary about it. Yeah. Was Gilbert like, my biggest takeaway from all of it is like, Gilbert loved to fuck with people and he kind of didn't know where the line was. Yeah. Yeah. He was a, he was definitely a a, a line stepper. Yeah, for sure. You know, and, and if you know who he is, like you laugh about it, but there's like, that's a little bit over the line.


Right, right. Yeah. Yeah. Especially when you're telling I gotta pick one. Right. And I think, I think Javar said something like, yo, I don't need one. I got my own. Right. That's what it said. And that's where I left. Yeah. But yeah. Yeah. He liked to play with people. And Gil Gil was an awesome teammate. Yeah. But yeah, he, He liked to Push it. Yes. When, you know, he got on your nerves. He was like, yeah, I got you, bro. Yeah. I, I heard that Deshaun Stevenson had an ATM in his house. He Did. So that when people would come over to party for various reasons why you might need an ATM, what you think I Need it For. Yeah. He had, he had an ATM in his house. What was the, what was the service charge on that you was making Off you guys? You know, I, I'm sure it's quite a bit, but I, I never, I never, I was never invited to those ones. I don't Know. I would imagine it was like $20, probably $20 service charge making money. It makes sense. Wouldn't Yeah. Making money any way you can. Yeah. How Were you at carts on the plane?


I didn't play cards. You Didn't? No. You never got into any of the games? I watch those guys play Boray all the time, but I didn't play. Why not? It's fun. You know what? I just never did. I don't know. I don't, yeah. I don't know. But I used to tell all the young kids that they're like, yo, like who doesn't fit at that table? Yeah. I used to get me Mario Chalmers, I used to wear him out, bro. I'm like, you got Brian D. Wade, Juwan Howard, who's played 864 years, Ray Allen and you as a really second year guy in the league. Yeah. Like, I call it like, Wan's nickname was really like 17. He was a 17 year in the league, like, and made hundreds and hundreds of, and you got you real Yeah. Playing boo and you getting booed all the time. Like, like, I'll never forget it. Shar Lewis, who made QBI dollars too, man, was awesome.


Like literally picked up a check from Rio and went and bought a truck from him and drove by Rio the next day and was like, yo, thanks for the whip. That's amazing. That some serious stuff. That's incredible. So, so getting into the league as a rookie, I'm sure you can provide some insight to the, the players that you represent too now. Yeah. Like the, the transition between being a, a college star. Yeah. And then what you expect when you get into the league. Were you nervous before your first game? Were you, were you wondering if you could fit in there? Yeah. I mean, you're always like, listen, every time you, when you go from high school to co whatever it is, whenever you're leveling up on anything, like there's that anticipation of yes, I know I put the time and the effort and to work in, but now how's it gonna carry over? Because you've seen this on TV and you've seen all these guys and, and you know, when I stepped on the floor, you know, it's a little bit different now, but it's, it is obviously still the same.


But the league was old man. Like, my teammates were like Pat Ewon and, and Sean Kemp and you know what I mean? Like guys that are like, now you're getting four rookies every year. You know what I mean? Like, it's just the, so you've, I've seen these guys since I was 13, 12, 11, you know, nine years old on tv. You know what I mean? And so you're like, you're stepping out like, oh shit, this is real. You know what I mean? And so you're always that anxiety, that nervousness, you know, you put the work in, but now I gotta go show it on this stage. And it's, it's a, it's definitely an unbelievable feeling, but it's, there's some nerve wracking shit to it for sure. Yeah. Yeah. What's the best game you ever played? Just because of the outcome? It's the seven threes and where I was at in the game six against OKC?


Yeah. Just because where I was at mentally and physically at that point. Yeah. I mean, just playing in the games. Probably 45 against Golden State if you're looking at those. Ooh, That, that, that probably felt good. Yeah. But, you know, just the stage and what I, the, what I was able to do for, for on the NBA finals was, it's, it's, it just takes a cake. It just has to. Yeah. Especially like winning the finals. You don't want to be someone who's like, wasn't exactly right. Participating. And then you have that game where you go, you went seven for eight, right? Yeah. Which, which one did you miss? Did you, Was it in the middle? I missed. I missed, no, yeah, I missed, I missed one in the second half, which I shouldn't have missed. It was a good, I had, I had plenty of time to make it.


I don't know why I missed it, but missed it. That's gotta be such an awesome feeling. Yeah. Did you tell everyone in the huddle like, Hey, just keep, like, I got this zone? No. No. I just, I was just thankful to be out there. 'cause I was, my back was so jacked up at that time. I didn't even, you know, I was just, I was just happy to be a part of the game really, to be honest with you. Yeah. What's it like being in the zone? The best? It's the greatest feeling ever. Like, I had a stretch, I think, I don't know if it's what it was, but I had like three or four games in row over, made nine threes at each game. And it's hit that rhythm going. It's like anything else, man, you just, you just, like, anytime you shoot it, you think it's going in. Do you just keep the same routine day to day every time. It's like, whatever I'm doing right now, I'm not Gonna change. I'm doing the same thing. Everything to what I ate, to what I showed up in. Yeah. I can't shower. Exactly.


I got good sweat on me right now. That's kind of in Front of field. Exactly right. Yeah. Have, Have you ever, have you ever shown up at like a men's run, like a pickup game and not said, Hey, I'm, I'm Mike and just kind of blended in for a little bit and then got out there and just punish everybody? No, but I'm about to, 'cause I, I'm getting to that age now where Lifetime Fitness got my name on it. Like, I gotta go. Yeah. Go get some runs in. That would be the best feeling ever. Yeah. I come here, what, what days we running here? Fridays. Every Friday. Yeah. That would be fun. It wouldn't, I mean, it wouldn't be fun for us. Id Be watch Are we live streaming? We live Streaming. We can, I'd lock Mike milk. You're as, yeah, I'd be in your shirt. You, you could go, I'd be in your chest like bronchitis. You would get fouled harder.


Yeah. I love it. Be like, I'm not doing this anymore. I do not want to be a part of this. I love it. Yeah. Did you still, like if you, you said you can't do it anymore, but like the Memphis video, you were, you were cooking those guys. Yeah. Yeah. Could you still, like, what level of college basketball? Could you still take everyone on the team or conference? I mean, you, you're like, if you're putting me in a mid-major situation, I'd have, you we're gonna have to have some, some ground rules, right? Yeah. Like, it's gonna have to be like three dribble. Like I'm not gonna be chasing these dudes around now. Like I Right. You know, if you do three dribble, make it, take it type stuff. I feel good. Yeah. I feel good about it. Like most levels. But just like the athlete, the athlete side gets me a little nervous.


'cause they know I'm gonna play off my jumper a lot now. Yeah. Right. Move. So. Right. Is there anybody in the game right now that, that reminds you of, of you? I well, good question. Good question. Hmm. Steph Curry? No. Steph was so fucking good. Gosh. Damn. I don't know. I don't know. They don't make him like you anymore. Yeah, that's a fact. Jack GoldKey. Jack Cur. You remember Jack? You remember Goldie? What a, what a story that was, huh? Yeah. Yeah. He was the man. He's he is the man. Where's he at now? I think he was playing in the Detroit G League, I wanna say. Yeah. He came into the office and hung out with us. A that really? Yeah. Yeah. He watched some games Us the Sweet 16 weekend.


That's dope. After they got, they got bounced. Yeah. I mean we just, we basically just sit around and watch you guys play basketball all the time. It's pretty fun. It's so good. It's a pretty good life. So good.


Alright, I got one last question. Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take.


So we started, we were talking about Lyft, you being an agent, basketball, media, everything. Is there anyone on your team that you wanna shout out? Like anyone who like played at Providence or anything? Oh yeah. Did he play there? Yeah, he did play there. How many years? Four. All four. Did he, did he score at all or no? Yeah, he Was score. Yeah. He tells me all these stories. I I gotta see footage, but yeah, We're talking about Donnie McGrath. He didn't score in the TBT final when we needed Him to score. Let, let's, let's talk about that though. Okay. Yeah, yeah. You know, like, no problem. We, we always give him his flowers and Donny thinks he's a big guy right now. Like it is what it is. But let's talk about, did you, Hey, did you see Donny partying with team USA? Yeah.


After Paris. That was awesome. Guys everywhere. But It was like Tatum, LeBron, all these guys coming outta the club and it's Donnie McGrath, the Guy The guy, yeah. The guy. The guy absolutely shows up everywhere. But the second half, the TBT championship. Yeah, that's a fact. We were counting our money. It was a problem. We were counting our money. I would've loved to see that. But y'all Smoked. Oh man. It was bad. It was bad. It was, it was, I don't wanna point fingers, I don't think Donny was shoot, had his best night shooting. Andre Barrett did get his pocket pick like five times in a row. Josh Boone didn't feel like he really wanted to be there. It was a bad scene. It was a bad scene. How much would y'all have won? I Think they, I think the, I think the players would've won.


Well, I technically I was a player. I think it was like 50 50 grand each. And then maybe Dave and I were gonna win 25 grand each And we were gonna spend it all on the club that night. Dave had it all set up. Like, I mean, that should, that should been motivation enough for Earl McGrath Thought it was, It thrives in those situations. It should have been there. Yeah. And it was, it was a bad scene. Yeah. We, we choked. Did you get any points? I did not get any. I I, I scored in the tournament. That's good. I scored I think four points in the tournament. Okay. That was in a blowout game in the second round. They they were, they put us in. But yeah, I did not get any, I did not get any minutes in the, in the final game when that much money was at stake. Oh yeah. Well, all right. So seriously though, on the agency thing, like what's, what's the next step?


Like are you just, how, how, what's the process of getting guys like into your, how, how are you differentiating? How are you like, hey, like Paolo was probably a huge step for you guys. Yeah. Massive. Massive. Yeah. So like what's, how do you convince someone like that you're the person that they should be entrusting? Well, I think at, at the end of the day, you just, you threw it, do it through track record. Right. You know, the fact that I played 17 years and lived through it when we first started Lyft, it was about building something that these other agents be like these other agencies, but be basketball led and be different like that. Right. That they can't be like us, but we can be like them. And we continue to do that. So we continue to build infrastructure and invest in our infrastructure, build out people, build like a basketball team star your roles mark between marketing, servicing, all those things.


But be basketball led. 'cause at the end of the day, how good you are at basketball makes everyone else's job easier. Right. So like the way we differentiate ourself is that we're basketball driven. Yeah. And so we do it through our track record. Obviously Paolo, you know, was, has a lot of credit for starting this for us because getting him going number one and now seeing where he is at and be able to do his contracts do. So you start seeing that we're capable of these things and seeing what we do and how we service 'em. But you know, for us it's us continue to build this thing and, and be a big player in the, in this game. Yeah. Alright. That's awesome. Yeah. Sounds good. Yeah. Well Mike, thank you so much. Appreciate You guys. We're big Fans. Yeah. And anytime you're in the city need a court. Yeah. Or you need us to Get up. One of your players beat You. Yeah. Only one favor I have is I need my, my Pardon My Take.


South Dakota's best athlete. Yes. Award You will get. We'll make a, a plaque. Thank you Max. We'll put it. Yeah, you'll put a plaque in this, in this studio. I appreciate that. That means A lot to me. Like the Mike Miller corner and then, but just so you know, if there is like if someone awesome comes outta South Dakota. It is. Yeah. It's up for, it's up for It's a hundred percent. We'll vote. It's not a lifetime. We'll vote on it every year just to make sure it still Alright. Still Mike. Okay. Cool. Appreciate you guys. Thanks Mike. Yeah, thanks.


Mike Miller was brought to you by our good friends over at Chevy. For over a century, Chevy has been building trucks that don't flinch and they never quit. If you're hauling lumber on the job or trying to get the smoker, the cooler, the cornhole boards and the whole crew at the tailgate on time Chevy gets you there. When Chevy says most dependable truck, they're not just speculating. Chevy trucks have earned more dependability awards for trucks than any other brand according to JD Power 2025. Sounds like they've got the stats to prove it, you can draft yours@chevy.com and every truck dependability comes standard. For more on Chevy trucks, visit chevy.com and visit jd power.com/awards For more award details.


And now here's our very good friend Randy Moss. Enough of something completely different. Okay, we now welcome on one of our favorite guests. Very, very, very special guest. It is Randy Moss ahead of the Preakness this weekend. And unfortunately it's a bummer of a Preakness. And we wanna start with that. Randy Sovereignty, who won the Kentucky Derby incredible race, will not be racing at Pimlico on Saturday. Like this sucks for horse racing. Randy, and I don't know if you have a spin on it or what, what exactly happened, but this sucks. How, how did this happen? Why did this happen and how can we stop this from happening?


Well, you and I have talked about this before in the past. The horse is fine. The horse is actually in great shape, but trainer Bill Mott, the owners go Dolphin don't want to run the horse back in two weeks after the Kentucky Derby, which is the ultimate stress test for race horses. They feel like that the horse needs more time to recuperate for safety reasons for the horse's health and wellbeing and also for performance reasons. Because they think the horse will run better with more time in between races. It's a very familiar mantra right now. If the trainer were Todd Fletcher, we'd be seeing the same thing.


In my opinion, if it were Brad Cox, we'd be saying the same thing. It's gonna happen more and more frequently in the future until such time as the Triple Crown races become further apart on the calendar. So do you think that that's the primary factor, or do you think that the financial implications have something to do with it? Where it's like your horse won the Kentucky Derby, that's a, that's a a massive, massive thing for, you know, breeding into the future. Is there just downside now to running again, maybe not performing as well and just trying to maximize the value of the racehorse? It's totally the calendar. Totally the calendar. But they're, I mean, they're gonna run 'em in the Belmont Stakes and after the Belmont Stakes they'll probably point him for the Travers and after the Travers they'll get another race and point him for the Breeders Cup classics.


You know, so he'll run more, you know, more this year as a 3-year-old. Yes, his value is improved after the Kentucky Derby. But the Preakness is a classic. The Preakness is in a American tradition in the sport, there is plenty of value to a horse in winning the Preakness states. Even a horse that just won the Kentucky Derby, but they think it is counterproductive to bring him back in just two weeks. Look back in the heyday of the Triple Crown, okay? In the forties, fifties, sixties, there was no problem running these horses back in two weeks. And as a matter of fact, there were a couple of Preakness winners, 1959 and 1960.


Okay? They finished second in the Kentucky Derby, then they come back two weeks later and they win the Preakness with the race in between, with the race on Monday of Preakness week called the Preakness Prep. So back then it was normal, for example, for horses. The 1, 2, 3 finishers in the Kentucky Derby to all come back and run in the Preakness, sometimes 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 in the Derby would all come back and run in the Preakness. Now you almost never see that. And it's really cheapened the triple crown as a whole because that's the way horses are trained nowadays. And it's, and that's why the schedule needs to be adjusted.


And I think it will, not immediately, not next year, but maybe two or three years down the line, I think that's probably what you're gonna see. So, So this isn't new to the rest of sports. This is something that we complain about all the time, whether it be NBA load management, whether it be, you know, major league baseball pitchers, you know, only pitching, you know, six innings and getting pulled earlier than they used to and not, not going over a hundred pitches. So you think the, the solution and what will happen is the calendar will change, not potentially a, like the NBA, for example, where they made it, Hey, you have to play this many games to be eligible for the postseason awards.


Is there any chance they're like, Hey, if you run the Kentucky Derby, you have to, unless there's an injury, you have to run the Preakness if you win the Kentucky Derby. Or is that kind of like, Hey, that's gonna open up a can of worms, of, of health of the horse. It's gonna be the calendar changing instead. Yeah. That, that, that's gonna open up a can of worms and what you're referring to, like the load management thing and the baseball innings pitched and things like that, you know that that's the performance issue. And there's part of that going on in thoroughbred racing, right? Todd Fletcher, for example, one of the best trainers in the business, he runs horses back nowadays on two weeks rest or less, four tenths of 1% of the time.


And the reason why it's health of the horse, but also he has a 21% win percentage overall when he runs horses back in two weeks or less. 5%. Right. Same thing with Bill Mot almost exactly the same statistics with Bill Mot the trainer of sovereignty. But it's primarily, it's, it's, the problem here is it's, it's performance based. It's also horse safety because they've done plenty of studies that show that, oh, that horses are less inclined to become injured with more time in between races to recuperate. And let's face it, the Kentucky Derby is the ultimate stress test in horse racing for three year, three-year-olds.


But you know it, but it's the health of the Triple Crown as a whole really is the bottom line. And the sport is not what it used to be. Everybody knows that, but it still has the Triple Crown. The Triple Crown is still a huge event. It's by far the most important thing. Horse racing has the Triple Crown and the Breeders' Cup, and it's been cheapened because the good, all the good horses that run in the Derby that used to come back and run in the Preakness doesn't really happen nearly as often anymore. And now you're seeing the Derby winners start to skip the Preakness. Something's gotta be Done. Yeah. And it, it really is like, I, I love horse racing and I, I I, I understand the dilemma here because you don't want to have breakdowns and horses get injured because that is bad for the sport.


But the Triple crown means something and it's supposed to be really hard. Yeah. And that's kind of why it's special. If you get a horse winning the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness, and then the Belmont becomes a huge, huge event. It's kind of like last year when we talked about Flight Line, one of my favorite horses I've ever seen run, and I gotta see Flight line in person. Flight Line was incredible. Ran what? Five races, six races. And then was studded like, that's the, the best athletes in this sport don't run enough. So it stinks. Yeah. I mean, you love horse racing there. There's nothing bigger in sports in general than rivalries. Okay. And we used to see when the horse, when the same horses that ran 1, 2, 3 in the Derby come back and run in the Preakness and then come back sometimes and run in the Belmont.


You get these rivalries like Affirmed in Allar and Easy Goer and Sunday Silence and Ali Sheba and Bet Twice. And it really captures the public's imagination to see these horses run against each other throughout the Triple Crown, which is what the Triple Crown is supposed to be all about now in 20 25, 20 26, if affirmed in Aldar run one two in the Kentucky Derby, Aldar skips the Preakness and waits for the Belmont Easy goers, skips the Preakness and waits for the Belmont. That twice, same thing. You lose the rivalry aspect of it, which is one of the things that has made the Triple Crown so great historically. Has Anybody checked with the horses to see if they want to run?


Like, are there, is is is this like a, a bad week? That's great question. Like you, you think that maybe, maybe sovereignty is like, Hey, I want to get out there and compete. That's the mark of a champion. Do some horses get uneasy if they don't race? It would be really nice if horses could talk and tell us that They try. Yeah. They try to with the way they act and all that, which is part of the reason why trainers don't like to run them back in two weeks. They think that the horses after such a race, like the Kentucky Derby, you know, they try to, they think they're what they're seeing in the horse. The horse is trying to tell them that they run better, that they like it better when they're given a little extra time in between races to bounce back.


There Was, there was a, there was a report out there that maybe Sovereignty got fat and that he got complacent. And that's why he didn't wanna race in, in this. Have you heard anything about that? Like, is he too fat for the p Preakness? He started reading his press clippings, huh? Yeah. He said, no, no, no, no, no. I don't need to run back in two weeks. Yeah. No, no, no. There were some horses here, right? Journalism finished second in Kentucky. Derby Sandman was the second choice. They were the top two favorites in the Derby. They were both coming back in the Prius, right? This is, you can't see him now. Sand. That's Sandman stall. I think he's out maybe walking around here. Sandman is a beautiful horse. Yeah. Sandman is a beautiful horse. Yeah. Do you think, by the way, the Kentucky Derby here, Hang on just a second.


Hang on second. Oh yeah, you got it. We got Sandman one. Oh, nice. I just got waved in. Oh, Let's go. He's exclusive that. See? Oh, That's A great looking horse. That, that is Sandman a great horse thick look Horse. That is Sand man. That's sturdy. That is a, that is a great, great horse. Can you Boop, A horse? Do you ever boop horses? Not me. Okay. All right. Stall Stall stall 26. There you go. Alright. Hey, good luck. Sand man. Sand man. Sand man. I'm gonna, I'm gonna bet on those guys Parts. Sandman. This is called a Jolly Ball. Oh. Oh, what do they do it to horses. Horses get bored sometimes and they like a little, like a little activity, you know, so That's the ultimate, They'll bounce around, they'll bounce around that jolly ball a little bit and have fun.


Yeah. Yeah. The horses are like the ultimate dudes. If you just, like, if I had a tennis ball right now and I started tossing myself, eventually PFT would be like, yo, throw that to me. Yeah. Just toss it against the wall for a little bit. Yeah. Make up a game with it. Thank, Thank you, by the way. I love it. Last question about the Kentucky Derby, and then I want, we want to talk picks for this weekend. Okay. I, I know this doesn't count for anything, but I did, I did bet baa in the Kentucky Derby. Do you think if the Kentucky Derby was let's say a hundred yards longer, Baeza would've won? I think he would've run second. Okay. All right. That doesn't help. But I, I'll, I've been convincing myself that I'm like, I made the right pick. He just ran out of time. He also kind of ran sideways at the end.


You know, it, it's the, the great thing about the Kentucky Derby this year is that despite the racetrack, despite the sloppy track and all the rain and all that, it was an incredibly form race and easy to predict. I mean, we talked about it, but I thought journalism za sovereignty, maybe Sandman fourth, maybe final Gambit is a big long shot. I think we talked about that. It was really predictable exactly what was gonna happen. And it wouldn't it be nice to see the top three all back here with BZA as well to run in the Preakness, but it's a pretty good race despite that. Yeah, it Would be. You did. He did win us money. Yeah. And you, and you did a great job on the, on the broadcast as well. Is is Mike Tarico okay? I was, oh, thank you.


I was upset that he, that he had to leave. I'm sure it was probably for, you know, some, some good reason if he was sick or whatever. Is he doing okay now? He's doing very well. I just saw him about five minutes ago. He, he suffers from like a lot of people from a pretty significant nut allergy. And he ate something, he doesn't even know what, about a half hour, just snacking, about a half hour before he was scheduled to come on at 2:30 PM and he began having a pretty serious allergic reaction. I could tell as soon as he sat down next to me that something was off, something was wrong. He's normally real, you know, outgoing, and he buoyant and, and, you know, positive and let's go, let's go.


And he was like very serious. Like he was upset. And then you could tell as he, as he got into the first couple of segments that he was really, really struggling. And that's a scary thing if, if you've known anybody that has a nut allergy Yeah. You don't, you don't know which direction it's gonna go. It can be pretty bad. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Keep your nuts away from Mike Tarico. Yeah. Alright, let's, let's talk about the races. Let's talk about Friday, which you can watch Randy on Friday, the blackeyed. Susan, do you have any, besides the blackeyed, Susan, do you have any picks on Friday or races that you're looking forward to? And then also what, what do you have for the black-eyed Susan? Nothing on the Friday Undercard that I, that I really like that much Black-eyed Susan.


There's a horse in there called Margie's intention. It's, it's not a, honestly, it's not a really good black eye, Susan. Okay. In fact, it's one of the worst black eye Susans that I've seen in a long time in terms of quality, because again, I don't wanna sound like a broken record, but the Kentucky Oak horses, the, the Horsemen don't wanna come back and run in two weeks. So it's, it's a pretty weak field. But Margie's intention trained by Brad Cox, three to one, seven to two, something like that, I think. And to me, she looks like she's kind of solidly the best horse on paper in there. Okay. All right. Good. And anything else on, on Saturday? Yeah, There's a couple of horses on Saturday. If you guys have any money left after I, after I busted you at the, at the Kentucky Derby, Well, we hit, we hit one of the Oaks, right?


Yeah, no, and, and you did, you did kind of predict, like if you do an exotic in the Kentucky Derby, you, you, you had the horses. I was okay with the Kentucky Derby. It's just the Undercard races that I'm gonna, I'm gonna blame the, the off racetrack and the soft turf. How about that? That's Fair. Yep. That's absolutely Fair. That's probably not, it's probably not accurate, but, but at least it's fair. So we're gonna get a ton of rain as you guys pointed out. Or maybe that was before we started. The, the forecast is terrible for the rest of the week. Maybe Saturday might be okay, but the turf horse is gonna be really soft and the racetrack is probably gonna be muddy. And there's a horse in the gall by the name of three Havanas, the gall, I think it's the first race we do on, on, I think it's USA or maybe it's CNBC.


When we come on the air on Saturday, it's, I think it's the seventh race on the card. Phillies and Mayors on the turf. It'll be soft turf. There's a Philly three Havana's who comes from Germany. She's never had, she's never run in the US before. And in Europe, they, they run horses on soft turf a lot more regularly than they do in the United States. And they typically have an edge coming over here on soft turf. So I think three Havana's is a, is a pretty good play. And then there's a horse in the race right before the Preakness. It's a race called the Dinner Party. It used to be called the Dixie until political correctness called Pimlico to changing the name of the race. So the dinner party, there's a horse in the race named Neat, just one word.


Neat. And he is a pretty neat horse, but he had a horrible ride in his last start. They changed jockeys. He's a pretty nice horse. Anyway. He only gotta beat two lengths despite the horrible ride. He's eight to one in the program and they, they, you know, it's not the, it's not a super tough field. And so I think meets a pretty good play at that price. Okay. Okay. And then the Preakness, The Preakness look, journalism is the horse to beat no doubt about it. Right? If all, all things being equal, journalism is the fastest horse in the race. He ran a really good race in the Kentucky Derby. He just got outrun by Sovereignty.


He was a strong second. But all things aren't equal because journalism has had two or three really tough races in a row now, including the Derby, which was a really tough race. And he comes back in just two weeks. Usually in those situations, the horses might still run well, but probably, usually not quite as well as they did in the Kentucky Derby. And there's another horse in the race called Clever, again, trained by Steve Asmussen, who might be the third favorite, maybe the fourth favorite, who knows? But he's got speed. He's coming off a really strong race. He's had plenty of rest.


He didn't run in the Kentucky Derby. And, you know, he might be a good play, I think to take a shot against journalism on the theory that even though journalism's the best horse, that he might not perform quite as well in the Preakness as he did in the Derby. Okay. So journalism and, and clever again, those would be your two picks. Yes. All right. Anybody else that we should sprinkle in if we're looking at a, a trifecta? Well, let's see. There's a horse called River Tims trained by Todd Pletcher, who did not run in the Kentucky Derby, simply because they wanted to wait and save him for the preak mistakes. He's not really a mile and a quarter type horse. He was only beaten three quarters of a length by sovereignty when he ran in the Fountain of Youth, a couple of races back.


So he's a pretty nice horse. And then there's a horse that you've, as a long shot you might wanna throw into your exact, as in your supers. His name is Heart of Honor. He came from England by way of the UAE derby. He's, he's the kind of horse that he's probably not good enough to run first or second, but he's gonna come from behind. He's gonna be finishing decently. And that's oftentimes the recipe for a long shot to kind of sneak up into the top three or four at the end as some of the speed horses start to fade out. Okay. So, despite the fact that Sandman is a, a beautiful horse, as we've just seen, you're not, you're not putting him in anything I'm not really high on, on Sandman, just because I didn't like his Kentucky Derby.


Really? Yeah. He was right next to Sovereignty when they ran into the second turn, everything was, looked like it was perfect for him. And then Sovereignty just left him behind. I mean, he, he was probably side by side with sovereignty going into the turn and maybe seven links behind him when they turned for home. Counterpoint, though, he looks locked in. He's just all, what's that? He's all, he looks locked in right now. He's facing the corner. You remember when Michael Phelps raced in the Olympics when they saw him and he was like, you know, just dialed in next to the pool. Yeah. Before he went out. That's what Sam man reminds me of right now. Just all, alright, Let's take one, let's take one more look at him. There. There he is. Let's take Oh, He's play with the ball. Hey, Sandman. Sandman. You locked in buddy? He's locked in. That horse is Dial I, his ears just moved when you asked him that question.


That's a good sign. He's locked in. I have a, you go, I have a dumb question, Randy. When they travel with the horses from Louisville to Baltimore for the, the, the Preakness, you know, when I'm, when I do a road trip, I stop, I get snacks, get some pretzels. Get some candy. Do they do any special snacks for the horses when they like take a, you know, like if the whoever's driving the car has to take out, take a piss? Do they like Hay Horse? Here's a special track. It's a snack for the road trip combos. I don't know. Yeah, I, you know, that's a good question. I, I know they have a hay rack for the horses, you know, to munch on and all that while they're, while they're on the road, while they're in the van and they got plenty of water to drink, keep 'em being dehydrated and all that.


And if they do have to stop and take a piss or maybe go through the McDonald's drive through window or something like that, I'm sure they go back there and check on the horse. That's really for longer van trips than just Louisville to Baltimore. Yeah. But yeah, I mean, there have been plenty of situations where, you know, they've had to pull over and go to find a parking lot somewhere and take a break and check on the horse and everything. Yeah. It's pretty interesting. When we're talking about the, the German and the, the Japanese horses, do they ever fly? Has anybody ever flown a horse? Is that even possible? Fly horses? Yeah. Yeah. They do it all the time. They Fly the horse side. Oh yeah. Yeah. I just assumed that you put 'em on a boat. Yeah, no, no, no.


They have, they, there's, there's airlines that were dedicated strictly to flying race horses around the world and around the country. Now they, FedEx the horses, They shipping label on them. Seriously. They, they FedEx horses. There used to be a company called Flying Tiger that specialized in transporting livestock, animals, zoo animals, back and forth, race horses, you name it, circus animals. And FedEx bought Flying Tiger. And now FedEx is in the business of occasionally transporting animals. And when they ship a horse from California to the Kentucky Derby, they often FedEx 'em Do, do you know if the horses have a window that they can look out of?


Because I imagine that would be very confusing. Horses do not have a window. They hollow out the entire, obviously inside, they put stalls in there. You can actually fly up to, I think 15 horses maybe on a plane. That's, yeah. That's A party. That's incredible. Yeah. And they have handlers in there with them back flying with the horses to watch 'em and, and take care of 'em and calm 'em down if there's any turbulence and make sure that the horses are okay. You know, the stalls are very small, so the horse, so they can't, you know, be knocked around if there's any turbulence or anything. But horses generally handle that air travel very, very well.


You'd be surprised. Wow. Has a horse ever been put on a no fly list? If they acted up on the, like they get nervous when they're flying. Yeah. Horses from the Middle East. Maybe get put on the No fly list list. No Fly list. Yeah.


Alright, Randy, I got one last question for you. It's a Rollback question. RHO bac k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take.


I've done a terrible job in the, in, in the nine years that we've known you. I've not introduced you correctly. Really? I didn't. Well, you're a hall of famer. You're in the horse racing Hall of fame. So I have a couple questions. Or is that, you are right. No, no, I'm not in the horse racing hall Of Fame. Fame. Alright, well I saw an interview that someone did and they called you a hall of famer. You should be all right. Fine. You should be in the Horse Racing Hall of Fame. What, what do we have to do to get you in the Horse racing Hall of Fame? And then once you're in the Horse racing Hall of Fame, what is it like, instead of a gold jacket is like it a gold golden saddle. What is, how does it work? I, a horse racing Hall of fame is in Saratoga Springs. It's almost right across the street from Saratoga Race courts.


Fantastic place if you've ever wanna visit. And I think they do have a wing, like a media wing, right? I think Joe Hirsh Media role of honor or something like that and say, yeah, some people that I know really well that deserve to be in the Hall of Fame or in that particular wing of the Hall of Fame. I don't know if that's ever something that I'll be in, but yeah, it would be, it would be kind of cool. I guess You need to be in I, yeah. See, I looked up like I, you know, whenever we have a guest on, I'll just see like if there's any recent stories and you did a, a Baltimore Positive podcast a day ago, or might have been today, or might have been earlier this morning. And the host introduced you. It says Randy Moss, a horse racing hall of famer reflects on 40 years at pimco.


Really? So now it's on the internet. Now you're in the Hall of Fame. If I heard that, I would've corrected it. It must've been Nester. Yeah, that was, yeah. Yeah. Nester Apio. So, so you're in, so I think we're just gonna say, you're in the horse race. You're in our Horse racing Hall of Fame. Oh. And I didn't, and I didn't even bring my recurring guest shirt. That's pretty say I'm thinking that what happened was they got a mix up and when they were doing their research on you, they looked up the other Randy Moss and then they saw Hall of Fame in like a, just a headline. Didn't click on the article. And they're like, oh, Randy's in the Hall of Fame. You are in our Hall of Fame. I'm, yeah, We're gonna do a plaque. 'cause actually, so this episode on Friday, we, we also had Mike Miller who won two NBA titles on the show.


And we were talking to him about how he's the best athlete from South Dakota. We said, we put up a plaque in the studio that says Mike Miller, best athlete from from South Dakota. Next to that plaque is gonna say, Randy Moss Hall of Horse Racing Hall Fame Hall of Fame. We're gonna have a whole little corner of the studio. Okay. Send me a picture of that plaque when you get it up there. Will you? Okay, Perfect. So it says, it says, it was established in 2010 to recognize individuals whose careers have been dedicated to or substantially involved in writing about thoroughbred racing nonfiction and who distinguished themselves as journalists. That's, you, You, you were writing about this stuff when you were 12 years old, Randy. Yeah. Who do we, I, what, who do we, We contact Who, who can we contact?


We need to start, like, I wanna get a vote. Let's get a vote. I'm trying to see, I'm trying, I'm, I'm looking at the criteria for the Joe Hirsch, the media honor roll. I'm gonna go, I'm going to Saratoga later this summer. I'm gonna go to the Horse Racing Hall of Fame and I'm going to, I'm gonna like drop off a packet of being like, this is the guy, how have we not done this? This is, I will not rest. It's a, it's a great injustice. Yeah. We were talking about Pete Rose the other day, finally being allowed in like Randy Moss. It's not a legitimate hall of fame if Randy Moss isn't in it. Well, it's certainly not a legitimate hall of fame if Pete Rose is not in it. Absolutely. There. Yeah. Yeah. That, that was, that was a giant injustice. We're gonna find, we're gonna find out And we're gonna have the awls just spam the, the Horse Racing Hall of fame.


Be like, let Randy in. Actually, Pete Rose should also be in the horse racing hall of fame. Yes. Yeah. I Would agree. Right. You're right. Yeah. That's probably contributed more to the sport than a lot of guys. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe get you guys both in there together. Yeah. What a class that would be. I actually hung out with him in a racetrack one time. He, the guy, the guy knew how to play the horses. That's for damn sure. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Alright, well, Randy, thank you as always. You're the best. And we'll talk, hopefully we'll, we'll talk to you in a couple weeks when we have sovereignty back in action for the Belmont. All right, guys. Take care. Good talking to you as always.


Randy Moss is brought to you by part of my cheese steak. We're in for a great sports week with the NHL playoffs, the NBA playoffs and full slates of baseball and ordering part of my cheese steak for your game day meal or late night eats is the best play call you can make. Part of my cheese steak offers a wide variety of cheese, steaks, loaded fries, and popular desserts all delivered right to your door so you don't have to miss any of the action on your couch. Pick your favorite cheese steak made with thin sliced steak, melted provolone, mouthwatering cheese sauce, and caramelized onions on a toasted hoagie roll. Or you can order the popular Big Cat combo with your choice of cheese, steak, fries, and a drink. Go to part of my cheesesteak.com to order with Code PC 20 for 20% off.


Okay, let's wrap up. We've got FY Fest of the Week, Hank. Yeah. Not much. Great week. What? No Hank's right? Yeah. PT you know, it's like you No, you're dominating. You wheel your team to a game five win. You're Dominating life. It feels good at home, especially when some haters say that you can't do it. Yeah. There's there's nothing better. We're in the same spot. My really only fire fest was, was I was in Boston at the game. I missed our softball game and I just missed, I missed being with the boys, but we won. So all Good. Let's put softball aside for a second. Jason Tatum's not a fire fest. Yeah, that's true. Why mean what? Am I going crazy right now?


No, This, this is what I'm saying about, he's Like, yeah, I had a great week, I guess. Yeah. I forgot. Yeah, I forgot. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You Know what it is? It's because Hank's had so much, he's been spoiled with success in the past so much that he, he, I'm Not worried about the off Seasons. You're, you're used to having every delusional thing that you think in your wildest dreams about your sports team's actually coming True. So whenever something good happens, you're like, yeah, I'm, I'm Back. It basically, he won one game and he was like, yeah, Jason Tatu not been injured anymore. Yeah. It's basically the, the Patriot's dynasty all over you. You guys know. It's, it's, it's, it's procrastination. It's denial. It's Yeah, that's true. That's true. It's like, I'm not, I said it's like I am so locked in on this series until it's over because everything that comes with the off season is sadness and yeah, it was two days of, of just sad, sad thoughts.


But again, those problems are being pushed indefinitely. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You did miss a really good softball game and a great vibes night Sucks. You guys keep saying that in a, in a kind of condescending way and that's all right. Well, it was Feels like when You're All time vibes. Yeah. You're kind of the Jason Tatum of our team. Big Cat came to post post beers. I came to post beers. I know, I saw that. That's awesome. I'm, I'm, I'm happy. I'm happy for the pugs. I'm happy for the team I got hit on and my wife didn't believe me. I find It interest interesting that the softball recap is like 10 times longer this week than it was last week. That's just interesting. I wasn't at the game. Neither was Max. Hank wasn't at the game this week. We talked about it. Yeah. Yeah.


It is just interesting. I, I would've game. We've been Talking about it for one minute game. It was Just late. We've only gone for like 45 seconds. It was just an interesting point. This is a data point. Okay. Okay. Just a data point. I'm I How was your softball game? You played right? You showed up for the team? No, The hammy hurts. Yeah. Couldn't do. Oh, why wouldn't you talk about your game hockey? I was Load management coffee. Tough. Your recap is a lot shorter this week than last Last Week. Yeah. I was 23 to two. We won. It's okay. But you Weren't there. I wasn't there, but that's all right. It's hard to recap. I I want my boys to win even when I'm not there. Yeah. Same with Hank. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I want them to win so bad. I was, that's my, the worst part of my week was just not being there with the boys. 'cause apparently it was just so much fun.


But it would've been just as fun if I was there. Right. Obviously we, They all, they're all scared of you. What Does that mean? They all think they said that to me. They're like, Hank scares us. He's our boss. He's like, he is, he Should be scared of Hank. Yeah. He should be scared of Hank. Alright. Your fire fest P ft. Well, it was just gonna be that the, I will say last week someone said, Big Cat on here, we can drink beers. I, I don't know, I wasn't me, but I'm Who said that? I'm gonna guess Max. No, Max wasn't there. I wasn't there there. Who said that? I know, I, I'm not gonna say You can drink beers of softball, all the boys, boys. You can't be wasted at softball because then it's just not fun to just make errors and shit. I agree.


I fully agree. Having a beer or two that does loosen you up. It also all good. That might have been our, our manager. So it even really doesn't matter. Ah, got it. Pug. No. Quis. Oh, Quis has taken his coach. His quis is the MVP of our team also. Quis brought a TV to the game. I didn't even know that existed. Respect. That's sick. It was a portable tv. I'd never seen that respect. So, awesome. What's your fire Fest? It was gonna be that the commanders have a bunch of primetime games and a bunch of standalone games, which sucks and I'm not super pumped about, but already talked about that. So I think my fire fest is just gonna be that there's a lot of talk about the NFL doing something to us that they should absolutely not do. And I'm worried that it's gonna gain momentum. So Mike Greenberg's dumb rules. Mm. Greenie yesterday he had just seen the NBA draft lottery and he was like, the NFL should do this.


It would be an event. You could, you could make a lot of money off at Goodell. I don't think it's a good idea, but I do think that Goodell hears the words like national television event that we don't have. And he thinks about it. Yeah, because he's very good at making money for the league. It would, it would be terrible for the NFL. It'd be terrible number. So what's the rule? They're, They're saying lottery to implement a draft lottery for, for the NFL number one, it's harder to tank in the NFL because they don't have guaranteed contracts. So at the end of the season, yeah, even you're playing backups. They're playing as hard as they possibly can to try to get another contract or get paid next year. So it's less likely that a team actually is able to tank effectively. And number two, it would suck for the teams that are actually terrible that don't have a quarterback.


What would happen would be they would get screwed outta getting the number one pick and then they would have to trade a shitload of their picks to move up to number one to get a quarterback. And then that quarterback would stink because you don't have any weapons for your quarterback. 'cause you trade away all your picks to get 'em. Yeah. It's a Bad, stupid, bad idea. Greenie stupid bad idea. Yeah. The Tanking doesn't happen in the NFL. Like it Doesn't once in a while, like the Browns at the end of last year where they just, it's It's a, it's like a, a week 1718 problem at all. Yeah. Like, that's not, it's not more than that. Remember the Giants won a game last, last season late in the season. Right. DeNucci? Or not DeNucci. DeVito Was DeVito last year. No, it was the DeVito was two years ago.


What was the game they won? Drew Locke. Yeah. Who'd they beat? Means talk? Was it the Titans? It was the Colts. Yeah, that's right. The Colts game. Yeah. Yeah. In in New York. Yeah. Like in that fucked him up. But yeah. And giant swings were pissed but like that's, they're still trying. It's basically Impossible to put on a full tank in the NFL. Yeah. It's very tough to pull up. But Greeny's a wild boy for this one. Grainy. Just slow down. Dumb roll. Slow your roll. Grainy. I don't want, nobody wants this in the NFL. No. Absolutely not. Alright. My fire fest is, I just have sphere withdrawal. I just wish I was back there. Like, I'm like You say severe Sphere, sphere, sphere.


What if we build one here? What if sphere room? I would like that. I'm like the, the avatar people who saw it and then got depressed 'cause they weren't like the blue creatures. When I leave the sphere, it takes me a while to readjust. Like nothing. The, the flowers don't smell as sweet. Conversations are boring to me. I just want to be tripping my balls off in a concert in the sphere. Now do you think that has anything to do with the fact that chemically, the dopamine has been sucked from your brain? From the mushrooms? No. Okay. No, no, no, no. It's the, it's severe Sphere. It's the sphere. I just need the sphere. I need to be back. If I could live in it, I would. Unfortunately I can't. Maybe someday, Maybe build one here.


Mini sphere. Mini sphere, wood rock. A personal sphere would rock. If We move this show to San Diego, you'd be so close to the sphere. Mm. Hank I don't know where that came from, but I like it. Las Vegas. I don't like it a lot. I like where your head's at max. He, that's a great point. You didn't answer that. It wasn't a question. How much did the fear cost? It was a great point. You didn't comment on it. I don't need to comment on every great point. But it was a great point. You can Admit that. No, I'm repeating you right now. It was a point, A great one. It was a point. Oh, It's a valid wise point. It was only $2.3 billion. Oh dude, that's Like we had 2.3 million, you know, a hundred x downsize.


Imagine if, imagine 2000 x What's Two? Yeah, it's a thousand x. That was a good correction. Thank you. So $2.3 billion is 4.6 billion. No Canadian dollars Pesos. No, no, no. I'm trying to do the math of how many caval ches that is. I can't do the math. Let's see. $1 billion would equal 2000. 2000. Caval. Ches. Yeah. Is that right? Is It 500 k times 2000? We're I think we're in a, I think we're in a world of hurt right now with our math. I don't know. The answer is, I don't know. 500 K times One E nine.


Yeah, that's 1.9 billion. A Million is What's one fucking nine? No, 1 billion is One. It's a, it's a thousand. Million Thousand. Yeah. So it would be 4,000 kavalans. It's, it's, no, it's it's 2000. We were right. 1,200 or whatever. 25 2. Yeah. So there'll be 4,000 and some more. 'cause it's two point whatever billion. One sphere equals like four. So it'll be like, Like 5,000 Caval. No. 2,500. No, No. Yes. Because it's two, 2.3 billion. Yes. 1 billion is 2000 caval inches. 2 billion. No. What? 500. It is so dumb. It's not as dumb as about restaurant. So dumb. Hey, schedule 500,000 times two is 1 million.


No. What? Then tell us you're like keeping this secret People matching the 15 second right now. Faster. Alright. Whatever you guys are right. I'm not getting, I'm not getting into math. I, no, I don't know if you're right, but I'm not. I'm not, I don't even know what the fuck is a e. Like why Are E 1.15? E nine? Like Hank, let me ask you this. What's 500,000 plus 500,000? I don't know, man. 1 million. It's 1 million. How many? How many millions are in a, in a billion. A thousand. There's a thousand. So there's two. So there's thousand 500 thousands. Yes. In a billion. So there's 2000 avalanches. In a billion. In $1 billion. Agreed. So then there's 4,000 and 2 billion. Fully agree. Yeah. And then some change. Yeah, we're, And we got Kavalans left over.


Yeah, we're looking at like four th 4,270 Caval Caval machines. Yep. Across the country. Great job. All around. Let's do numbers. PI error by the pitcher. All right. Numbers six. Whoa. Nixon. Six, seven Nixon. Six three. Go for the rhyme scheme. Wow. Memes five. The formula is Nixon. Six. If we get to 7 72 5 for game 5 72. 9 0 9 poke. 46. 21. Sweet. You have 3 6 5.


Five seven Celtics and seven Nick. Six canes and five. No, I said game five for game five. Time. Oh. Oh. That's mean Inc. It's not that mean. 64 dad. 64 for the the internet invitational, which we can get invited to. Love you guys.