
Hey. Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music On today's, Pardon My Take, we have our yearly sit down with our good friend Adam Schefter from Indianapolis. We're also gonna talk about a little dust up in the reporter world in in Indie Combine week. Nerd fight. Nerd fight. We have, we're gonna, we're gonna talk about the report cards coming out for some teams for the NFL team Report cards. We have Fire Fest of the Week. We're gonna wrap up the whole week. We got a great show for you. Maybe a little National Sports podcast, college basketball.


I had a couple things I wanted to throw your guys way. And before we get to all of that,


DraftKings, who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are with the all new way to get in on the actually DraftKings sports work and official sports betting partner. The NBA DraftKings is home of NBA player Props. So you can get behind your favorite players any which way from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. It's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking an NBA player prop. Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customers bet $5. Get $150 in bonus bets instantly take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Okay, let's go Football guy. My Yeah, yeah. And my take.


Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Friday, February 28th And we have a reporter fight. PFT. You are on the scene, boots On the ground. You stayed in India extra day. Yeah, I got bullied to stay another night because I had a poor showing night. One of the combine. Mm. We all went home pretty early because we're old, we're washed. Went home at about 10:00 PM on, on Tuesday night. So decided to stick around and I'm very glad that I did just for this little juicy nugget. So what happened was, I was having some drinks with friend of the program, Mike Silver and a slew of Michael Michael Silver, a slew of reporters and agents came downstairs and they were all a buzz about essentially a, a melee that happened in the Starbucks talking mal In the Palace.


It was worse than malice in the palace. Okay. So they came down and they were like, we just saw the craziest thing ever. And it was an ex extension of a Twitter fight that happened earlier in the day. So it all stems from the report that Jordan Schultz had. Okay. That Matt Stafford and Tom Brady went on a nice little cozy ski vacation together. Matt Stafford, it is kind of, you'll, you'll see a pattern with him. He went to Cabo, which Sean McVey, right before he became a ram. Right. That was also a coincidence that they happened to run into each other, Happened to see each other. So in this case, he happened to run into Tom Brady at a, a ski resort. And Schultz was saying that they talked about the future, things like that.


And then Ian Rappaport came over the top and said, I'm told that this was just a coincidence. They both go vacationing there. Sometimes they did not talk about plans for the future. So Jordan Schultz was essentially reporting that Tom Brady almost like hosted Matthew Stafford to come out. Yes. And and that would be tampering At his quaint little fit. Well, it was a fitness vacation. Yeah. And fitness vacation. Ian Rappaport was like, no, that was actually a coincidental. They see each other. Yeah. Which by the way, I know the Sean McVey and Matthew Stafford thing. I know it seems implausible to have these two guys just run into each other. But I do think that we don't realize what like the insane, insane wealthy athletes.


Like they only have a couple places they can go to have like be totally private. So it's not totally crazy. They would run into each Other. I mean, can you imagine the coincidence level though of like, you and I happen to run into each other on vacation. Yeah. I'm just not buying it. Right, exactly. I don't think that's Possible. But I do think there's, I think Tom Brady and Matthew Stafford are probably vacationing in a place that we could never get to. I think that's probably correct. Right? Yes. Right. So they, according to Rappaport, they just happened to be at the same place. Didn't talk about the future, didn't talk about playing for the Raiders. The interesting part though is that Jordan Schultz works for Fox. Mm. And so he was saying like he was telling on his coworker Tom Brady. Okay. And then that, that got people all in a tizzy at the combine too.


This is the level of Okay nerdiness that happens at the combine. Yeah. Everyone's like, wow, I can't believe he's going after his own coworker like that. So that was, that was earlier in the day. Apparently Schultz ran into Ian Rappaport at the Starbucks. This would never happen at a Stella Blue. Nope. Violence free Also real quick. So it was at a Starbucks. Jordan Schultz, there's no relation to, That's what's interesting about it. It Oh, okay. Is his dad was the CEO of Starbucks Founder of Starbucks. Maybe not founder, but the He was the guy, He was the Starbucks guy. Yeah. And also, also the Sonics Guy also. His dad was the guy that took the sonics away. Yeah. So they get into a little argument there.


Jordan Schultz walks up to Ian says, we have to talk. Ian says, I don't think we have to talk about anything. Jordan Schultz then says like, you need to back the fuck off. 'cause you're talking about me behind my back. Oh. Throws in a couple F bombs. Okay. Then Rappaport was like, I'm not talking about you behind your back. Apparently this is what the scuttlebutt was. Okay. Schultz was saying that Ian Rappaport is going behind his back and telling people that Jordan Schultz gives agents Uber stock in exchange for scoops. Uber stock. Uber. I don't know how this got involved. Like a Lot of stock or Uber. Yeah. Like Uber amount of Starbucks stock. No. Like Uber stock is what the car somehow Schultz thought that Rappaport was telling people that he was giving people Uber stock.


Okay. I talked to Rappaport. Ian Rappaport has never told anybody that they get Uber stock, but now it's got according to Ian Rappaport. But yeah. Per sources, well that also, But Then now, now it has me thinking like, yeah, if You is, if you're Jordan Schultz, you're accusing someone of that. It feels like it could be true. It, I don't know. I Huh I don't think that Ian actually said anything like that. He's probably said some other things about Jordan Schultz behind his back. I'm not saying it could be true that Ian Rappaport's saying it. I'm saying if you're going around defending and being like, Hey, I'm not giving Uber stock to people. It raises a lot Of questions. What I didn't even bring, I didn't even say anything about Uber stock. Yeah. My not involved in human trafficking t-shirt. Right. Is making people ask a lot of questions that are already answered by my t-shirt.


Correct. Correct. So, so there was, there was a dust up, there was a fraus. He got, he got in his face. Apparently. I'm gonna read Mike Florio's report on everything. The knew Florio was gonna get involved. Yeah. So, love that. So this is per pro football talk. If you have anything to say to me, say it to my fucking face. Schultz said, or specific words to that effect. If this continues, we're gonna have a fucking problem. Oh boy. If this happens again, we're gonna have a fucking problem. Schultz said or specific words to that effect. I love that reporting. But Florio. Yes. Now I'll step back. So got in his face there were like, I dunno, five or 10 people that just witnessed it straight up happen. And then after he walked away, Rappaport notified NFL security.


Ooh. Called the cops or Roger Goodell on him. Ah. And per per sources, what does That mean? Well, he called it, he called NFL security and was like, Hey, there was a, a confrontation. There's a f ruckus according to Rapaport. But why he called the cop, or he called the NFL security because it was witnessed by so many people. He knew that somebody would've reported it and he wanted to talk to them instead of them calling him in a day and him having to give his side of the story. Huh. Per, per rappaport. I think we just settled this. Do you think That's something NFL security would be concerned about? They are investigating. There's an active ongoing investigation. I Don't know how I feel about this, So I think I know how I feel about it.


Rough and rowdy. Yeah. Yeah. That'd be good. Let's settle it in the ring. Rapour. I did see him earlier in the day. He was wearing a pretty sick shark backpack. That's not like the one he was wearing a few years ago. It's like all blacked out Shark. New shark. Yeah. A new shark. He looked good. Yeah. I I I'm on, I think I'm on Rap port's side until the, the police get involved. NFL security gets Involved. That was, that was not a good move like That. He should have probably just, instead of calling NFL security shooter just blew on his rape whistle. What I Starbucks, what I would've done is I would've just simply gotten punched in the face and then made a fuck load of money. True. Good point. This is maybe Uber stock. This Is just such a hilarious, like they're fi they're having a source off.


They're fighting in a Starbucks. No actual physical contact was made. Just bad words said back and forth. And I think J Jordan Schultz told Florio. He did not say any bad words. He said he didn't recall using all that profanity. Now I do have a picture. Do you wanna see the picture of the conversation? I would love to see a picture of the confrontation. Wait, you were there. I was not there. Okay. You got, yeah. 'cause I, I want video of this. I don't think that there was any video. This is the only picture that I know that exists. And it's perfect because the Starbucks sign is right above Jordan Schultz's head also. They look like they're not in a fight at all. Schultz is, he's smiling. He His hands on his hips. He is towering over Rappaport. Yeah. And that appears to be Jeremy Fowler next to them as well.


I, I listen, it's always good when a couple reporters getting a little f ruckus over a source off. It's Good. This is good for the sport. It's fun. Yeah. Yeah. Now Get the buzz going If there's The, the lamest fight ever. I'll say that right now. If there was an NFL Insider Royal Rumble, I'd take Jake Glazer. What About, what about our guy Prisco? I, I don't know that he's an insider. He he's a film guy. Yeah. But he would fuck some people up If he heard that there was a journalist fight, he'd show up. Yeah. No. Jake Glazer obviously is one one draft pick. I think he's one one. I don't, it's even close. I I I feel like I I take schefter over rap sheet. Yeah. He's a sturdier boy. I'd agree with that. Fowler is big. He's got a reach issue That's gonna be tough to deal with. Yeah.


Reini got like seven red cards in college. So She's, she's a dog. She's violent. She's a dog. She could, she could dog it up. Rob Lowe. Rob Lowe's An insider. Yeah, insider. Yeah. I I yeah. I It's not exactly the, the who's who of guys who should be fighting. I I would imagine both these guys probably haven't been in a fist fight. No. It's just so funny that he called the NFL security on someone On another reporter. Reporter on reporter crime. Yeah. But This is, What do you think the NFL security is like? They're like, dude, are you serious? Yeah. We, you know, we have, We have, we have like 150 college prospects here. We gotta make sure that everything goes without incident. And you're calling about a source off at a Starbucks.


Yeah. I think they have bigger fish to fry than two guys that will never fight. And if they did fight would probably not do any damage to each other. No. They should have a, they should have a debate. I would like to see a debate. Yeah. Who do you guys think is right about the, the Brady Stafford interaction? I find it, I find it hard to believe that they just showed up at the same vacation. We're like, oh, this is a weird coincidence. I don't think though, but I see, that's what I'm saying. I don't know if it's that weird of a coincidence when it's like, I, I'm pretty sure they, they, what's the club called? There's the, it's the big sky. Yeah. So there's a club where you have to buy a home to be part of the club and the homes are like $10 million. Yeah. So it's like Zuckerberg and Brady. And so just to be in that room, you have to be the wealthiest of wealthy.


So that's where Yellowstone Club Yeah. That's where I'm like, it actually could happen in my mind because it's not like they saw each other at Disney World. Yeah. You know what I mean? They ran each other at Times Square. It's a weird coincidence that the owner of a team that is looking to get a quarterback and a quarterback who is looking to be traded from his team, happened to be at the same place hanging out's. True. It is a weird Coincidence for sure. But I just think that these, these like the, the crazy, crazy wealthy and, and starts, what does it say? Yeah. Home purchase price of 3 million or more in a initial membership due of $400,000 plus annual costs. Not a lot of people get in that Zuckerberg, bill Gates. Yeah. This is who we're talking about. Yeah.


So I, yeah, I mean I, him, I know this club exists. I just think that, I think the two of them were having a little rendezvous on the slopes. Do you, but do you think, I guess really the only thing would be, do you think they, that there was a explicit invitation that would be where it's tampering, where if like Brady was like, Hey, come out here. Or was it they happened to see each other? Or maybe someone tipped off one of the sides being like, Hey, I think Stafford's there. Hey, I think Brady's there. I don't know. Then they might have met up. The Rules don't apply to Tom Brady though, so No, he will probably get away with it. Earl smash his phone before it gets confiscated. I think if you can prove that, that, that Tom Brady was like, Hey, I'm gonna be at Yellowstone Club, come out for the weekend, then that's tampering.


Otherwise, it's gonna be hard to, to prove. Does that feel, feel fair? It's gonna be very hard to prove. Yeah. For sure. Yeah. And especially since Stafford has kind of been given permission to look for a trade. Right. And feel out where hiss next location's gonna be. Everybody. Yeah. I guess is that Tampering? Everybody's gonna be tampering with him. Yeah. Is that because he's been set, set in the wild where he can go try to talk to people? Is that technically tampering even? I think they have an open relationship right now. Got it. Ron and Matt Stafford. So Tom Brady just cracked the garage out at the Yellowstone club, put a Pineapple on the Front lawn. Yeah. Wore got his pineapple snow snowboard out and Yeah. Just had a, had a little conversation. It is kind of crazy, the whole Tom Brady situation.


Like they're, they, it does feel like this, this is what the third or fourth time something has happened. It's like, just, just figure it out. The Rules don't apply. Just figure it out. Like, like figure out the rules. NFL you, you goodell would, you'd think he'd want to go after Brady for something like this. Right. It is funny though that, that Schultz works for Fox. And then he was tattling on his coworker. Yeah. Although there's 0% chance that if you ask Tom Brady is Jordan Schultz your coworker? He'd say Yes. Correct. Like, there's no way. He's like, oh yeah, that's my coworker. Yeah. Unless Tom Brady owns like half of Uber, then he'd be like, yeah, we're, we do a lot of business together. Yeah. I see the stock going, being traded every single day.


It's Such a funny accusation though, that this guy's giving out Uber stock in exchange for scoops. All right. So, so there, so do we have a conclusion to it? Is there anything, any, anything else from it? My conclusion was that everybody, Did you ask Rockport if they'd fight him? I did not ask him if he'd fight him. I, I talked He was the first per, he stepped like into this room at this party I was at after I had tweeted it out and the story had just broken. I was the first person he he was like, you motherfucker. I was like, Hey, I'm just doing my job here. Yeah. I'm a job. Job. Do you got a job? I'm a journalist just like you. Yeah. I didn't name any names. I was going let it come out. But yeah, it was, it was quite a night. That's hilarious. Also saw a big dom.


I got to be big dom for big dom. I introduced him to somebody. I was like, this guy's gonna take care of you. My PIs. Yeah. We had seen him earlier in the day with Nick on a coming Monday. Max. Good job on that interview. Thanks. You guys tried to Fuck me, but thanks. Mm Mm Nah, I don't think so. I think we just remembered facts. Yeah. Okay. So we also had the NFL report cards come out. They're, I feel like they used to have more anecdotes from these Now it just feels like a straight report card. Yeah. I needed more anecdotes. I needed more like Oh yeah. The jaguars. Like I tried to get a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and there was a cockroach on It. Yeah, I remember those. Yeah. It was like small blurbs. There was a Few. Yeah. From each one there was a couple blurbs. One for your owner Hank.


Yep. Robert Kraft's plane is not up to snuff. Yep. Ashtrays. I mean, if you're buy, like if I personally me, if I buy a, a private jet, like I'm keeping it for probably a long time. But ashtrays is wild. Like seeing ashtrays anywhere No. Is Kind of a wild thing. No buy like 1993. 1994. Yeah. You can get new seats put in. That's probably true. How crazy is it that you used to just be allowed to smoke on airplanes? Yeah. I can't even imagine that. Yeah. It's crazy. Or restaurants. Yeah. I mean, yeah. Bars. I remember when it was, it was like 2008 maybe it was banned everywhere. What? Yeah. I remember the last night it was like, I think it was in Illinois was two.


I think I remember being at a bar and everyone was just like smoking cigarettes. 'cause they're like, tomorrow you can't do this anymore. Yeah. In, in Virginia. I would go to bars sometimes. This is when I was like under underage. But I would go to see a band or something and then your hair would just smell like cigarettes for three days. No matter what you did after that. Your band. Yeah. That's wild. Well they had the smoking section, which was just a table that was right next to the non-smoking Section. I got it. 2008. I remember. Yeah. Just everyone was just, everyone was like, even people don't smoke. They're like, this is our last chance. Gotta do it. Yeah. You just come home. Wreaking of cigarettes. Wreaking of Cigarettes. So, so the Patriots got an F for team travel. The bills got an F minus. Ooh. For team travel. Ooh. Again, that's not a real grade.


An F minus doesn't exist. Doesn't This, it's all, it's all F's. But they got an F minus for travel. The players aren't happy with the travel accommodations for away games. I think it's just that the bills miss being in Buffalo when they're on the road. Probably. They're just like, there's no wing nuts here. Yeah. F minus. Yeah. And then there was it kind of, it kind of insulting. They should have just did like a, what, what do you say? Na, for the only coaches that got a C or worse were the bears and the jaguars. Because obviously this poll was done, I think it was like August to November. This is Doug Peterson and Matt ifu. That felt mean. You could just say, you know, coaching change Yep.


Doesn't count anymore. Because like they, they're sitting there minding their business like, oh fuck, my team really hated me. Yeah. That's, that's tough because C was the worst. C was an F. Yeah. The the Eagles also had an F for team travel. Mm. They don't like the travel situation. Gotta fix that. Gotta fix that. I like this poll because it's, I mean the commanders got like way better at a bunch of stuff. Well last year every team they, they they, they basically get embarrassed publicly. Yeah. And then they fix it. Last year the commanders got an F minus for treatment of families. And I would say that that's probably the category that you do not want to get an F minus in. No, that seems to be a pretty important one. That Really is just breastfeeding rooms. They have a daycare facility now. Yeah. Which is good. Otherwise it was just like, if you are playing in the game, bring your kids to the stadium and it's just let 'em go.


Yeah. I don't understand how anyone owns a team and gets anything worse than like a B on any of these things. If I had that much money and I owned a team, I'd be tricking out everything. Yeah. Like everything. I'd have the sickest locker room possible. Yeah. Locker rooms. There were a lot of negative comments about locker rooms earlier. I'd also have a locker in the locker room and the owners as an owner. Yeah. Yeah. And I would like, I would time up my workouts so that I was, I was like changing when all the guys came off the field being like, man, what a, what a great practice we had. Yeah. So the, the last place was the Cardinals I believe. I think they had the worst grades overall. Yeah. The Jets, memes. Memey F for ownership.


Mm. Bad for the New York jet. Is that Brick or Woody? I Think that's Woody. That's Woody. Okay. Brick is the future. Yeah. Bad. That is bad. It looks like the player Turned on the owner in, in the grading. It is such a funny concept. Like where they probably, obviously when they see Woody Johnson in the hallway, they're nice as possible and then they're like, yeah, he's an F, absolute F. And he sees like, what the hell? I thought those guys liked me. I Thought, I thought you guys were my friends. Yeah, We were talking game. The Patriots got an F for their weight room. Gotta get that weight room fixed. Hey, I think RA's gonna take care of that day one. I don't understand how you have a bad weight room. I don't understand how you have a bad any of these things.


Am I crazy for saying that? Yeah. No, you're not crazy. You're not crazy. Yeah. Like remember a couple years ago the Bengals, it was like they, they didn't do food on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Yeah. How is that? I know how it's possible the owner's cheap, but I just don't under, I can't conceptualize an owner of a football team being like, our players don't get to eat on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Yeah. Food and weight room and fitness. Right. That's how you build the team pretty Poorly. Right? Like you can't control coach, you know, if they don't like to coach. Obviously if strength coaching you hire the wrong guy. But yeah, like locker room food, weight room. That's so easy. Yeah. Has to be so easy. Dan Campbell had a hundred percent approval rating.


Love that as a head coach. I think believe Dan Quinn did too. A hundred percent. I think Ian Morris also was very highly rated After Fox. Yeah. So looking at the, the Bengals, they got the F minus for treatment of families and then Yeah. Bears looked okay. Yeah. There was, i i the bears, it was the coach obviously brought their grade down and I think they gotta fix treatment of families as well. So it's work to be done. And also win games. That's the other thing is they, they actually should do Weighted A a column here for fans. Fans should get a say in this. I agree. Just Overall vibes. The other thing, the Baltimore Ravens, didn't they get an FA couple years ago?


Maybe it was last year for their, their medical staff. Yeah. Their training staff. So good news now the training staff is at a B minus. Oh. So they've improved. I think that was just when they were all injured and they're like, it's the trainer's fault. Right, Right. The Eagles got an A in food. I think that's probably just big Dom's office. Yeah. It's just like, everyone's like, yeah, the food was fine, but I can always go to Big Dom's office and get a great meal. I can open up a cabinet and have a chicken parm ready to go. Okay. What else we got? I did You guys see, did you see the Eagles? So the players feel they should get first class seats on team flights instead of the coaching staff. Oh, that's, that's a fair point. So they want the coaches to sit Coach. Here's something I don't understand as well and maybe someone can explain to me.


When you buy a plane, why isn't every seat just first class? That's I think the Patriot's complaints as well. You Can, I don't get it. You Can remodel it. Yeah. Make every seat first class. Have every seat be a lie down, lay down bed. Yeah. I don't understand it. Do you think the linemen are sitting like coach, like a guy who's like Jordan Milot is sitting in like the, I think like 23 BI think they get full rows, but I don't know why you wouldn't remodel it and just make it so that everyone has an awesome seat. What's the difference then if you got a full row Leg room? Leg room difference? It's Probably like Southwest. They, they get on and then you can pick your seat. Jordan takes the middle seat and then just defies anybody to try to sit window or aisle next to him.


We need to get one. We need to get an owner on and just talk to him. Just be like, how is this possible? I I, maybe I'm just way missing this, but this the, the NFL makes so much money. These guys make so much money every single year. I have to, I I would, I would put all the money money back into it and just be like, here guys, let's make this the best place possible. So people wanna come here. Yeah, You would think so, right? It, oh No, I'm looking. The Patriots aircraft Has all first class seats with five extra inches of legroom beyond a typical first class seat. They call it aircraft. Yeah. That's awesome. That's a good name. That is Pretty funny. Well done. Max got it. Got what I get. But they still Got a bad travel grid. Okay. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. Craft I think just teams don't, like I saw a lot of teams complaining that there wasn't wifi on the planes, but That's every plane ever.


Yeah. You could, you could be the richest person in the world and you still would be trying to get wifi on a plane. Yeah. You just, how it works. You spend the entire flight just refreshing and you don't get anything. Right. But you spend two hours searching for wifi. I I also think the dolphins aren't filling this out. I think they, I think the team just got sent Well, no, the the thing and they and they just didn't read anything. Get, get, did fives across the board. Well the dolphins get the, the, the credit of living in Miami. So everyone's like, yeah, my life's pretty good. I live in Miami. I think the, I think the Everything is a plus or first in everything. I think that they, you everyone has got that survey where it's like, I don't feel like filling this out. Yeah. I'm just giving five A and a plus. But I think where you live matters because it's like if you're, if you're in Buffalo, if you're in Green Bay, if you're in a cold, if you're in Cleveland, you need your facility and tr and weight room to be good because that's where it is.


Like it sucks outside. You have to Yeah. Attract people. I think the, the Vikings and the Falcons also had very good grades. Yeah. They always do. Just everybody copying over Kirk Cousin's shoulder. Yeah. Okay. So good job. Some of the teams, not all of 'em. Did you guys see one of my favorite stories I've seen in a while, Dwayne Wade did a podcast and he revealed that he knew that LeBron's time in Miami was coming to a close because Pat Riley took away LeBron's cookies. Yeah. Incredible. And also I think I, I am a hundred percent on LeBron's side. So Dwayne Wade tells a story. He's like, yeah, we get on the plane, LeBron loves cookies, loves ice cream.


He's got a bag of cookies that he brings on every plane. And they were playing cards and LeBron said to someone, Hey, bring me my cookies. And the flight attendant was like, sorry sir, there are no more cookies on this plane. Pat Riley had taken 'em away. I would, if someone takes another man's cookies, you have to, you have to fight them. That's fight. That's fight. Fuck. You know whether Tom Brady invited Matthew Stafford? That's a fight. The Thing is like it, you could just not give cookies in the first place, but you can't give them and then take 'em away. But He brought the cookies. Oh really? He brought his own cookies on the plane. They were confis. Can you find the clip? Can we play the clip? He, he, he brought the cookies and Pat Riley confiscated them. Like it was fat camp. What Kind of cookies were they?


He Said chocolate chip. Which Were they? Were they ooey? Listen, God forbid if those were homemade cookies. Yeah, then it's, then it's actually you have to beat the fuck outta Pat Riley in front of the whole team. I'm saying if they're ey and they're gooey and you take 'em. Yeah, I'm quitting The, it's very funny 'cause Dwayne Wade explains it, but like LeBron stopped playing cards when he found out his cookies were taken. And it was like, that's a real, so this is from the underground lo lounge moment That I, this was the first moment where I had a inkling that LeBron may not be back. One thing you don't do is fuck with LeBron cookies. No, no, no, no. This is serious. Like, he loves chocolate chip cookies.


Like chocolate, chocolate chip cookies and ice cream he loves. Right. And so when he gets on the plane, Brian walks on the plane with a bag of food. One bag is all cookies and the other bags are what his chef has to prepared for him to eat. 'cause he eats a certain way. He don't eat what's on the plane. Yeah. But you know, he have his cookies. So we get on the, we get on the, we get on the, on the plane And we play cards at the front of the plane. We play cards. And then at some point, bro gonna be like, Hey, bring me those cookies. And this one day he was like, Hey, where my cookies at? And they had to come up there and whisper us in and tell 'em they weren't no more cookies on the plane. Yeah. That motherfucker sat back away from the game. He pushed that table, that cards back. He sat there quiet Doing his head like this.


I was looking, I'm like, he ain't play cards no more. He sat there like this and Smack. You got a dog. If the this car gang gets shut down, shit's serious. Oh Yeah, I know. It's no, it's, it's serious. It's serious. If the car gang gets shut down, it's serious. It was, it was too much micromanaging at that point. That's it. Like You're talking About team. Who's I, I wasn't familiar with LeBron's game. You don't need, I didn't know he was a, I didn't know he was a bring his own cookies guy. Respect. I, I mean, I would quit. I would quit if I were LeBron. I I don't blame him for walking away from the heat for this. You it, that, that is, that's the most, like I would rather someone come and pat me on the head like patronizing words to take someone to take another man's cookies.


You're basically saying they're a 4-year-old that didn't eat their vegetables. Yeah. You're calling 'em fat. I'm upset for LeBron. I, this this story pissed me off. Pat Riley. Bad guy. Real bad guy. What if, what if they just ate 'em all? What if they were so good? The flight attendants had 'em, it got outta hand. No more cookies. You'd Think they would say that though. It sounded, I mean it sounded like Dwayne Wade had it down pat that it was Pat Riley. 'cause remember this is, this also matches with what the heat culture where they weigh him every day and all that stuff. Max, you agree? I think they're probably shitty cookies. What? What? Yeah. His sh he, you don't think that if he has a chef making his dinner, he doesn't have a chef making his cookies.


But I think his chef making his dinner. That's because he like only eats specific healthy, healthy shit. Why did he get shitty cookies? So that he's probably getting like almond flour cookies and stuff. No, no. I, I feel like that's his Vice. No, I think that's his vice. I think the chef is probably making the best cookies possible. And IIII know that this sounds ridiculous because people are like, dude, you're really upset about this. I'm upset about this. It's the most I've ever been a LeBron fan. And the ice cream makes you think that it's, yeah. Okay. Yeah. He's got a sweet tooth. Yeah, he is got a sweet tooth. Okay. Okay. I think him back. Not a, If you, if anyone ever took my cookies, oh my God, I would lose it. I've been eating so many Girl Scout cookies. Just I was supposed to, I bought a bunch.


I've Still been thinking about those Sam, the Sam Schwartz's cookies that he brought in. Oh, those were so good. Shout out his wife. The Girl Scout cookies in my house. We bought a bunch. 'cause my little cousin is a girl scout and so she came over and gave us a bunch. And then I was like, all right, I'm gonna bring 'em to the office. And I just haven't been bringing to the office. I've just been mowing them down box by box. It's crazy. I discovered some thin mints in my freezer from last year. You think those are still good? Yeah, definitely. Okay, good. I actually think there was, there was a clip going viral that was like thin mints are essentially not food. I don't care. Yeah. Well I love whenever they do that, whenever, whenever you see the video and they have the blowtorch like, watch this.


Oreo doesn't get go on fire. You know what? Don't care. Yeah. We left this Big Mac on the counter for three months. Yeah. And it still looks exactly the same. Alright. There's, There's some shit that I think they should probably fix. But in terms of cookies, I don't care. My, I know when you're eating a cookie, you're not eating a cookie. Being like, this is good for me. You're opting into bad stuff. So it could be as bad as possible. I don't give a fuck. Do I want the bread to be better? Sure. Cookies. I'm fine. So The the big question I have though, LeBron has been so good at curating and managing his, his public image throughout the years. How come he didn't talk about this? I everyone would've been on his side If, if he had just said, Hey Miami great. You know, five years or whatever it was.


Four years won two titles. Pat Riley took my cookies, I gotta go. Yeah, that's It. Everyone would be like, yeah, you know what, he actually should go revisionist history and be like, Dan Gilbert took my cookies and that's why I made the initial Move to my head. And then he promised me that he would, he would let me have my cookies again. So I came back. Alright. The other thing I had was Jordan would never allow his cookies to be taken. No, that's the thing. That's the difference. No, he'd fight him. He would keep that on his purse. Yeah. Absolutely. Bad Opsec by LeBron letting another man touch your cookies to begin with. You Can't le let him outta your sight. Yeah. Yeah. The other thing I had was little, little National Sports podcast talk college basketball. Incredible night of college basketball.


I was talking with Titus 'cause I went on his show. It does feel like the sport in general knows that March is coming because we had like an insane buzzer beater in the Michigan State game. We had great finishes in in Kentucky and Oklahoma and, and Texas and Arkansas. Villanova. Temple Temple. That Was a great finish. Temp. PFDI was, I was watching this game 'cause crazy, I bet on it. But I was, I the temple game, the guy goes to take a, on the baseline, a buzzer beater like maybe like two seconds left. He gets blocked by all three uc, USF guys and their momentum carries them. He just grabs the B block and then, and then hits the Shot.


Lemme see here. It was crazy. Or two. Boom. That's pretty incredible. Yeah. Needed Overtime bad there. That was, that was heartbreak. I'm excited for conference tournament week. My favorite week of the year. It's gonna be great. Yeah. So, so the stories I had one was, I dunno if you saw, but Danny Hurley had a very funny moment where the media asked him about the press and he said, the press has been an asshole to me all year. And then the guy was like, I'm talking about the press on the court when they team presses you. Yeah. Which has also been an asshole. Yeah. It has also been an asshole. I also have a new, a new thing. 'cause we, we, we at, at this podcast we talked about Coach Cal being on the hot seat a lot.


Probably can't do that right now because he's, you know, first year at Arkansas got paid a lot of money. They actually got a big win. They should be, they should potentially be in the tournament. But I'm addicted to anytime Kentucky wins a game. Just saying that's a game Cal would've lost. Yeah. And last night I got in a real tricky spot because Kentucky won. And I said, that's a game Cal would've lost. And then five minutes later, Cal beat Texas in overtime. And I was like, great job by Cal. That's a game Cal usually loses. So, but I think that's what we have to say for, it doesn't have to make sense. Cal won a lot of games, but every game that Kentucky wins, we just gotta be like, that's a game Cal would've lost.


Yeah. I mean if they score, if they like really fill it up and they win by 20, that's a game Cal would've won. But if it comes down to X's nose, Cal would've lost it. Cal would've lost it. And it is very funny 'cause it pisses people off because they're like, you know, Cal won an insane amount of games. I'm like, yeah, I'm aware. But the ones he lost let that would've, that was one of the ones he would've lost. Yeah, I like that. I like that take. Let's, let's, let's bounce That around a little bit. Just run. Yeah. It's just, anytime Kentucky's in a close game, you just say That's Game Cal would've lost. I like it. Yeah. There's another piece of news from the NFL. Okay. They're gonna start using Hawkeye technology. Oh yeah, I saw that. So For First Downs next year, they're gonna have the chain gang on the sideline to use as a backup just in case. But they're gonna do like tennis does and they're gonna say first down, no, first down, based on technology.


Okay. Which I, I like the chain gang. I don't want to turn NFL into a computer simulation. I like having the guys run out on the field with the chain. There's something nice about seeing a 70-year-old man trot out there very slowly and then they measure it, then the official gets real close, holds up his hands. I like that part of the game. I Have a question, and this comes from a place of love because I do love Bills mafia. I love Josh Allen. Everyone knows that what happens if the bills actually win a Super Bowl, will we just get no new rules because all our new rules are just whenever the bills lose to the chiefs, we make a new rule. Yeah. That's, that's pretty much how it's done. They're also thinking about changing overtime.


Okay. Again, again, Troy Vincent said it's time to reexamine the overtime rules. Which sucks because we, it takes us two years to really learn overtime and be able to spot it like off the top of our head. If you were to ask me like on a Wednesday during NFL season, what is the NFL's overtime policy? It takes me like a year to get confident. Yeah. To just have that information and then they change it and then they're gonna have to put that big graphic up before overtime. It's not gonna make any sense to me. Yeah. Yeah. Here are the overtime rules. Alright. What else? Oh, I also, for college basketball, I, I think they should change the rules. We're talking about changing rules. I think we should ban following up three. I don't know how they could do it. I like the idea of maybe if you follow up three, they get three shots.


So it's just like really high pressure. Three, three free throws. But there's, there's nothing worse than in a game where a team is up three and it just becomes a foul fest and you lose out on like awesome moments. Yeah. It's intentionally breaking a rule while you're leading that game. Right. Doesn't sit right with me. Right. So, I don't know. And also people don't understand follow up three as like a concept. There's a lot of people who are like, that's why you gotta follow up three when, when a team will hit a shot with like 10 seconds left. It's like, no, you don't follow up three with 10 seconds left. What's The time zone that you hit it in? I Think it's like, gotta be, it's, it's usually like five. It's like five to like two seconds kind of. I think Oregon hit a three against Wisconsin on Saturday to tie the game.


There was eight seconds left. Yeah. And Rothstein was like, that's why you gotta follow up three. It's like, no, that's not why you follow up. My Favorite thing to do at the end of the game is no matter how much time's left, no matter what lead is, I just like to say, you don't need a two or you don't need a three here. Yeah. You can get a two here. You usually can, you usually get a easy two because they, they're playing three point defense. You just run to the, to the, when would you follow up? Three max. It's like five seconds, maybe less. Nah, I think, I don't hate fouling up, especially Wisconsin was, Wisconsin should be fouling up three early because they're the best free throw shooting team of all time. I don't know. But if you follow through with 10 seconds left, there's so many possessions left. But You just gotta trust your your, if you're that good of a free throw shooting team, you gotta trust your free throws.


That's all you gotta do. Yeah. I just like seeing games have thrilling endings instead of things. I think it, It depends on the, it depends on the team. If you're a shitty free throw shooting team, he probably never foul up Three. Yeah, yeah. True, true. But I'm ready for, for madness. That Michigan State, I felt bad for our friend Scott Van Pelty. I think that was right in his eye. Yeah. He was On, he was court side. I think it might be Izzo season. Oh Yeah. He's, he's said these guys are playing for Michigan State. That's all they care about. Love it. You know, he's feeling it. Love it. There's another little tidbit here, max, I'd like to get your take on from Steph. No, Steph no. Did some research and he came to the conclusion that Paul George played better this season right after he dropped podcasts.


Mm. And now he's not podcasting anymore. Mm. So games directly following a podcast, he averaged 17.1 points per game with no podcast down to 16 points per game. It Also sounds like he just never wants to podcast again. So what happened? Paul George just quit his podcast. 'cause the Sixers suck. He Said until they are like contending for a championship. So Zero, dark 30. That was just a way of him being like, I don't want a podcast anymore. Yeah. It's not for everybody. Now the the craziest one is his three point percentage at, in a game where there's no podcast before he shoots 31.9% in a game after a podcast drops, he shoots 42%.


42.9. You gotta Get him podcasting again. So he shoots 11% better from three directly after dropping a podcast. I, I don't, I I'm done with Paul George. Oh, that's, that's my take wait. Even next year Maybe we will see Wow. This Year. Wow. Season's over. I that that's what I'm saying. I don't care. I don't, I'm opting out of all Sixers news. Oh, all of it. I refuse to let you opt out. Yeah. We Don't agree this season is over. I want this, I just wanna fast forward to the end of the season season. Do You think when somebody does a deep dive into the analytics of podcast p and his game, you think we're not going to bring that up to you? No. Yeah. I I understand you have. We have to talk about it. Yeah. You want, you are trying to be, you're trying to be Paul George.


You're trying not do a podcast. Yeah, you can say that. You can Say that. You can say you guys take a break from podcasting. Is there anything Oh, Hank, that's weird. Why would you ask that Right before golf season starts? I think if I played for the sixth, That was such a loaded like No, it's weather. 50 degrees. Topical. It's topical. Topical to your life. Yeah. Oh my God. Alright, nevermind. No, so We were driving to Indy on Tuesday and after about 10 minutes on the road, Hank just looks to the side of the road and looks at me and smiles and I'm like, you motherfucker. He was just looking at the road that he takes to go to his golf club and he was just thinking about getting out there with his sticks. So wait, ask the question again. What would, what would take us to stop podcasting?


Paul George stop podcasting to focus on a championship. Nothing. Is there anything that you guys would stop podcasting to focus on? Sorry, that's apparently about me and I want you guys to stop Podcasting. Never. I would never stop. No. I would only stop podcasting to focus on the podcast. I would only stop podcasting to focus on Hank's golf game. I had a bunch of people coming up to me last week saying that I was the new Hank. What, what does that mean? You took A vacation? Because I was on vacation. Oh. And you win Now you and you're a winner now and You're a winner. I didn't to think about it like that. Wow. Think about that. Wow. It could have been that. Yeah. I am planning my next vacation just for Yeah. Hank has low key kind of become the new max.


How so? He hasn't won anything in a while. He won, he won In a while. Almost a full year. Literally The second closest. Wait, no, the third closest. Third Closest. Yeah. Yeah. What would take you to stop podcasting Hank? Nothing. I would never stop. I love that about You guys. Stopping though would make me stop. I could never podcast without you guys. Oh, I love that. Appreciate that. I love that. But yeah, also on the drive up or down to Indy, max just treated us like we were five years Old. Yeah, That's not true. Called. Yeah. It's you called Me and you said, Hey, do you guys think that you'll be on time? You you called asking me. You left yet? Yeah, you called me Trip and asked if I had left yet.


That's not what I said. Because you're like, it might, yes. You might miss the first interview. Did you guys leave Yet? That's a fact. We probably have the footage. You, the last I had spoken to you, you told me that you were leaving at a different time. I said eight 30. And as I was going through the drive, I was like, as I was going through the drive, I was like, if he left, left at the time he told me he was going to leave. He may not be there on time. What time did you call though? I don't know. I can check my Phone. But you, you know me pretty well Max. I, I'm do not someone who's late to things or who like fucks up time things. I understand that. I was just, I was getting anxious in my own brain about what I would do if you guys weren't like you would've, Liam Cone showed up and it was just me.


I was getting anxious about what I was, what I was going to do in that moment. Okay. Hang Out with do the pod on your own. Yeah. Just do it yourself. It was, you were, you were a little broing And then No, that not little Broing. That was my own anxiety taking over what day? This was Tuesday. Alright. Yeah, it was exactly 20 minutes after he told me. But that, that wasn't a, like, have you left yet? That was more of a, you said, have you left yet? I know, but, but that was poor wording. You left. Sometimes I have poor wording. Sometimes I have poor wording. I just wanted to know what the status was. The status was we were gonna be on time. Correct. But I wanted to make sure I was, you know, have You guys been duped by any fake Epstein logs?


All of them. I know it's in the, I I shout out the, the bro Hyen, I think is his Twitter name. He, Rudy? Yeah. No, Rudy. Yeah. Rudy. That one was real. Rudy was on the, on the plane. He just, he said, wow, here's the Epstein log. This is crazy. It was just the Packers depth chart. And I got like four names down. I was like, oh wow. This is, this is fucked for them. Like, wait a second. I Like that. All right, we have anything else? Anything before we get to Chefy? Great interview with Chefy. Any other National Sports Podcast News? It's gonna be March soon. It's gonna be March on Saturday. NBA sent. Oh yeah. Free NBA sent. So they got suspended. I don't know. They, I I don't think it's free them.


Why? Because They had two months to declare themselves a parody account and they just didn't, They're not a parody. They're they're sent. Yeah. You gotta kind of just do that, right? Yeah. I mean, it's a parody account, so it's like all you have to do is declare yourself a parody account. I thought humor was legal. Now what about free speech? We're legalizing comedy. Okay. So don't free him. I mean, I would like him back. No, I say free. He would get me all the time. I would get got all the time was the one that I said on the podcast is like the, the, the big nuts, the testicle jewelry one. What? Yeah, he was like crazy.


Draymond Green buys like $400,000 gold testicles. I was like, damn. That's crazy. I can't believe Hank's taken the side of, of Big Tech. You're, you're blaming Cental Centel is a vital part of the sports ecosystem. No, I mean, I think it's like, if, if you're a parody account and they say if you want to, you know, you can be a parody account. You just have to declare yourself as a parody account. If you don't, we're gonna take your account down. Yeah. Hold on. Listen, like you, I gotta take this call. Hey, we're it's Jerry Osi. Hey Jerry. We're about to, Hey Jerry. It's tag from, from PMT. We're recording right now. We're about to get to the Shefter interview.


I Gotta ask, I gotta ask you. Were, you were joking. You were, that was for the show, right? What do you mean? No, listen to the Shefter interview. Jerry. Why are you getting upset? You don't even know what Shefter said. Yeah. The people listening right now don't even know what Schefter said. Guys, don't do it to me. Just don't do it to me. Let me cook. Let me cook on my own. Please let me cook on my own. I I just, I don't want I if, if, if you're gonna have Chefy and Chef these kids chiming in, honestly, get, get Hank to manage it. Like he'll get it. He's done a great job with the Bon List Actually.


You Know, I mean, I'm not even kidding. You know, have, you know, oldie do it. He can use some of his CFL knowledge, you know, and all this stuff. He could maybe, you know, you know, whip his pussy out. Listen, just don't do it to me. Just listen to our, what we talked about with Shefter and then we'll, we'll talk after. Don't do it to me guys. Just Do it to me. Just, just be open, open-minded. What did Sheft say about, about the Giants? Because I gotta tell you, I saw a post that Aaron Rogers might go there and I'm not mad at that. Yeah, no.


Listen, no one's listening to the Shey interview yet because this is, we're taping right now and this is right before we get to Sheft. That's a good Tease for the Giants. Yeah, But guys, honestly, like I, I know that was like a bit earlier. No, it wasn't. I can't do it. Don't, don't do it To me. Jerry. I need you to not flip out until you actually hear the words Yeah, you gotta hear it and then we'll talk. I can't hear Pft. Tell him to say it with his chest. I can't hear him. I'm saying it with my chest. Jerry, I'm telling you to just keep, contain yourself until you listen to the interview. You might have be whistling a different dune Guys, please. I, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna beg for my job. I'm not gonna beg for My job. You are begging right now.


I think we gotta take these cookies away. I have, I have a question about the Jaguar gm. Was that ai that child who Did the press card? Yeah. It might be. It might be. Listen, just listen to Chefy interview this great promo for the Chefy interview And we we'll discuss afterwards. Okay. Do it. I'll only work with Max. That's the only one. Why don't you get Steve, Steve Che to do it. You'll have all books next year. Good luck with that fellas. Okay. Alright. We've heard your demands. Just listen to it with an open mind. Okay. I'll only work with Max. Okay. Or memes. Okay. He are memes. That's it. Nobody outside of the building, max are memes and not Hank. Okay.


They'll Be like you, you just take care of it. Work Done on the golf course. Alright, Jerry, we'll talk to you later. Oh man, he's mad. People forget. We did it closest to the pen with Jerry and he, he stayed on the simulator for six Hours. It's true. Likes golf also, it just dawned on me, you know, who won our fantasy league last year? Who? Jordan Schultz. Oh ha. There it is. Yeah. So maybe team them up. That was a Tough Venmo to send. Yeah. Team that. Team them up. Okay. Let's get to our interview with Hefty, where we do discuss maybe a shuffle in the organization that we have going on with our fantasy football operation. We're examining everything to, to deliver a winner.


Yeah. There's No, there's no, there's been no decisions made. Jerry needs to understand that he's probably listening to this right now. Jerry did. We have not made any decisions. We're exploring all options. It would be wrong of us as owners of the team to not explore every avenue to make us better. We're Custodians of a very important franchise. Right. And we take that very seriously. And frankly, Jerry's reaction to not having any news at all about this is concerning to me. Yeah. That was the third phone call we've had with him in the last 25 minutes. He hung up on us twice. He seems a bit unstable. He seems a bit unstable.


Okay, before we get to our interview with Shef d, we are brought to you by our friends. It truly, truly unruly is the first high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. Truly unruly is a hard seltzer that breaks all the rules. Drinks light, parties hard with 8% A BV. It hits hard, but still tastes amazing. Comes in four fresh flavors. Tropical twist, berry blast, citrus Crush, strawberry Smash. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly at a store near you. Or visit www.trulyhardseltzer.com. Truly hard seltzer.com. It is about to get to, we're about to get to summer golf season. It's gonna be an unruly summer with truly so Strawberry Smash, my personal favorite. Go get unruly with truly 8% A BV Tastes delicious. Find truly unruly at a store near you, or visit truly hard seltzer.com.


We're also brought to you by Stella Blue, introducing Stella Blue's Coffee Mug Mania Contest. So here's the deal. We're gonna do a mug submission on still blue coffee.com. Submit your original mug design by March 9th for a chance to walk away with a grand prize of $2,500. That's $2,500. And to have your mug featured on sell blue coffee.com, it's super easy to do it. You don't have to do anything. You don't have to to, to buy anything. You just go in. You should buy something, but you go in, you follow directions, design your mug, and then the best mug will win $2,500 and be featured on sell blue coffee.com. Trying to make the best mug possible. So visit cell blue coffee.com today to learn more. Still blue coffee.com to learn more.


Okay, here he is, Adam Schefter. Okay, we now welcome on our very good friend. It is Adam Schefter, ESPN Insider. This is maybe sixth straight year. We've told This. I was, I was going to ask you how many straight years we've now done this. It's been a lot. It's a combine tradition of having Chef Dion. And I didn't hear from you until Monday. I didn't even reach out. I figured Well, I Knew you were good. I Was And we were getting all of our ducks in a row and then takes me, I cut you up and I was like, Hey, can you do this time? You're like, yeah, I'll do whatever. Yeah. What, What took you so long? Right? Yeah. And it's become such a tradition. I said this before and I really mean this. There's not a week that goes by where somebody doesn't stop me and say, I don't love the Adam Shifter podcast.


I'd never hear that. But I love listening to you on PMT. I love That. That's the best comment we can get. It's Because you changed the Name stopped. Nobody has stopped me yet to say I love you on the Adam Schefter podcast. No. From Adam. Yeah, But I'm stopped. You changed the name, you lost it. I changed it, yeah. Changed it. You lost the audience when they Yeah, they tuned in for the name they Space Adam Schefter podcast, but stopped on a regular basis. Yeah. Love you on PMT. So hopefully, I Love that we're gonna make the people happy today and give 'em what they want. Very cool. All right. So I have a very, very important question to ask you. First. It's, it's, it's a multilayered question. Let's start with this. You have two phones? Yeah. How new are they? When did you get 'em? Well, It's funny you asked that because literally this is my primary phone here in my lap.


And this is my secondary phone, which is the two phones I carry. And one of them is, they're two different carriers providers. I had been ordering a new phone and it showed up from ESPN yesterday. Okay. And my son is like, why do they keep sending you old phones? And I called up to speak to somebody. I'm like, what's the deal? Like it's always two models behind. Right. Right. And so they said, that's just how we do It. Okay. So how long, so you, this happened yesterday. You have a new phone. How, how long have you had the phone that you're switching out? Too long. How long? Three, four Years. Okay. So I asked that question because I, I'm sure you saw our mutual friend Woj selling some of his old phones.


I am willing to offer, I think, unlimited amount of money to buy the Miles Garrett assault phone from you. I don't know which, I don't know if you can pinpoint exactly which phone that is, but I want that. I need it. We try. Let's see. I wanna put it, I wanna frame it, I wanna put it in our studio. This would be the phone. I That would be the Phone. This would be the phone. So Name your price. Name your price. Well, do we get to donate it to a charity Now? Fuck the charity. I don't know about that. We just Want this phone. Does it get a prominent spot? Cause Yes, we can, we can donate to a charity. Yes. We'll put it, I want it, I want it framed and I want it to be like, this is the phone that Adam Schefter tweeted assault from. So, okay.


1115 2019. Oh, so that might not be the phone. So Five. Yeah, about five years ago. I'm not bought. Listen, we, we know that we have to get this right because if we buy the wrong phone and everyone's gonna be like, are you sure that's the phone? It would have To be authenticated. Yeah. So do you think there's a phone that you have maybe in your office? That's the other phone that was the assault phone. I I, I really believe that this is the assault phone. Okay. All right. Well, we'll have to authenticate it. But we will, we will donate to charity to get this in our studio and then also And get framed. Yeah. Framed everything. And then you can also throw in maybe the phone that has the Des Bryant tape on it. So we'll do that. We'll do a two for one. That one you gotta keep the tape on it though. We'll have it just playing on Loop.


Our, in our studio. We do need to do some forensic analysis of the phone. Yeah. That's to make sure that that's the one. I'll turn it. But you're willing to negotiate for charity? A hundred percent. Okay. Whatever you share, You get to wipe the phone. We'll put it up. And it just says, this is the phone that Adam Schefter tweeted assault from when Miles Garrett committed assault. It's, it would be my honor to give you this phone. This is Huge. There, there should be, there should be like a, a Hall of Fame section. Yeah. In the bar stool office. Yeah. We have A Allen phone. Yeah. That he tweeted that thing out. That would be nice. Yes. We have the Will Compton Museum in one of the bathrooms. So, and, and listen, I'll, I'll also extend this courtesy to you. Whenever you want to come visit your phone, you have free right to come and visit your phone.


Wow. That's big. That's huge. Yeah. I mean, I charge Admission for people to touch it. You can't put a price on that. Yeah. People taking pictures to The phone this way. You have two different carriers. Do the, do you do that just in case? Like at and t blows up for a day? No, just in case. Like, it's amazing how often I'm in one spot and I don't have reception on one phone, but I do on another, there's a road near my house that this phone loses reception every time. But this one keeps it. Mm. So you're always on the Grid. It's, it's, it's weird. But this one, the primary one, it's really acting up. And we got free agency in a couple of weeks here. And I, I do not trust this phone. This phone is literally on its last leg.


It's Time bomb. Yeah, it's a time bomb. Okay. I'm working with Disney and they sent me a 15 model 15. And my son's like, you need a 16. I'm like, why? I don't understand any of this. Yeah. I'm not smart enough tech wise. He's like, more processors, better chips. Okay. So I think I'm going to Apple this weekend to buy the 16 and if and when I do that and transfer over everything, that's ours. You gimme the address. Yep. That's ours. And will you give us ship? You give us a charity and we'll do it. I'll ship you this phone. I love it. I love it. What deal? And you can hang it on the Wall. Yes. I love It. Speaking of Miles Garrett, let's talk about Miles Garrett real quick. Yeah. So is he going to be traded? Here's the, there are so many complicating factors with that.


Right? If, if you trade him, first of all, they've been very steadfast in saying we're not trading him. That's number one. Number two, if they do trade him, there's like a $36 million cap charge that gets accelerated. So it's hard to trade 'em. It's hard to do it from a financial standpoint. You don't know if there's a team out there that's even willing to give up what it would take. So there are a whole slew of factors now we've seen in recent years, any number of players want to go from wanting to be traded to signing extensions. Right. I know this is not money based, but Lamar Jackson wanted to be traded. Drop that true. Right Before John Harbo was having breakfast with the reporters at the owners meetings a couple years ago.


And he wound up signing a month or so later. Deebo Samuel Brandon, I, we can go on and on again. I, I would think eventually maybe he'll soften up because the Browns feel like they're unwilling to move him. It would take a change Now the Bears or the Raiders at one point in time, were like, we're not trading Khalil Mack. We're not trading Khalil Mack. We're not trading Khalil Mack. September 1st of that year after weeks and months had passed, they traded Khalil Mack. Yeah. To the Bears. Yes. So if they do trade 'em, what do you think the ballpark compensation is? And give us the teams that are going to be hot and heavy for Well if you go back and look at what the Bears gave up for Khalil Mack, it's Two firsts.


It was a third, a fifth. It was, it was a bunch of, to me that's the most fair comp there is out there right now. You could look across the league and I could tell you that there are 31 teams aside from Cleveland, that could use Miles Garrett. Realistically, I think you're looking at a contender that needs a pass rusher that it can make a huge difference. Buffalo would be unbelievable. Washington would be unbelievable. You're Contender. Yeah. Contender, right? Like yeah. Cont how does it feel? Did you contender? I feel we say Washington Cont cont It contender. Contender. It makes me feel tingly contender. I don't see, the thing about Washington is they were a great team. They were fun to watch last year. I love the direction the team's going.


And Dan Quinn did a great job. Adam Peter seems to know what he's doing. But the roster needs a lot of upgrades. I don't know that you can say that it's, we're one piece away just because we got to the NFC championship game, the roster across the board, they have to go out and find all these replacements. So while, yes, I would love Miles Garrett, I feel like the compensation's gonna be insane. Very, very rich. It Is. Absolutely. And that's, even if they do trade 'em, which right now they say they not going to, but Jayden Daniels like you are set up for the next 12 to 15 years to be Don't, don't say that. That's a long time. But that's what it's saying. I hope. I hope, I hope that you're right. He said because we were in these chairs, not, but four years ago when you did the meanest thing you've ever done to me and you put Carson wince inside my brain and you knew what you were doing.


Is there anything, anything that you've heard this week? Maybe if you wanted to say Deebo repeatedly to me to make me feel good about the chance of getting Deebo Samuel, I could see them being interested in Deebo Samuel. And I think that there is a market for Deebo Samuel that's probably a little bit stronger than people thought it could be. And I think the 49 ERs are gonna be able to trade him. Okay. What else are the 49 ERs gonna do? Because it feels like they're a team in like heavy transition. They have to probably shed a couple other players. Who else is someone that you might, I mean, is Brock Purdy gonna get signed? Are they gonna let 'em play out the rest of this contract? So Here's the issue. They, they're, they are in such a difficult cap situation that it's gonna impact all sorts of things.


So I think with Brock Purdy, here's the thing that people have to remember. He's got a year left on his deal. Right. And so the Niners can offer him a package and say, here, here's what we're willing to do. Whatever that is. And then is it gonna be the Dak Prescott contract? It's not, I don't expect it to be Right. Is it gonna be a fair contract? I would think it would be. They have to pay him. He's worthy and deserving of a big contract. But what is that Right deal? And that's gonna be one of the questions. They've got so many financial issues and so many things they have to do and need to do that you're not gonna be able to pay. Brock Purdy. Dak Prescott.


You can find a deal for Brock Purdy, but, and I'm sure his agent wouldn't like this, but if Brock Purdy doesn't like that deal, like I don't know how far the Niners can go. And then the Nirs can just say, okay, guess what? We have your rights this year for 5 million. We could franchise tag you next year for 40 million. That's 45 million over the next two years that they have as contractual rights for. Is that fair? No. Right. But that's the way it is right Now. Now. Yeah. And so it's a tough spot. So there's a deal to be had for both sides. That's fair. But how do you work through that and figure it out? Dude, In, in general, I feel like teams don't use the franchise tag as often as you Think. Some teams view it as a weapon and some teams would rather not do it.


And this year, I don't know what the record is for fewest number of players who are tagged, but this year we're looking at t Higgins. Maybe that that might be the only one that we get to. Yeah, I Know Trey Murphy was thrown around, but that would be, I think that Chief Trey Smith. Yeah. On on Kansas City. Byron Murphy. Yeah. Yeah. Minnesota can't be tagged. Tre Smith maybe a transition tag. I don't think that happens. But you're not gonna get more than at most two tags this year. So do you think that, 'cause like the franchise tag it, it does feel like teams, they, they use it as kind of a, Hey, we could do this, but they don't use it very often. Do you think there's any way that when they get to the negotiating table, they get rid of the franchise tag or adjust it and change it?


Well, here's the thing. In the next couple of years, at some point in time the NFL PA is gonna have a chance to go to the bargaining table. And the NFL is gonna very badly want that 18th regular season game. It's already worked into the 2027 Super Bowl 2027 has played on presidents. Yeah. It's already There. Yeah. Because you know what's gonna happen here? What's gonna happen is they're gonna eventually, I believe no matter how much the NFL PA has objected, I think that they're wise to say what they've done. They get to an 18 game schedule and then the league can take a 12, 14, 16 game international package and sell that.


We Heard this. I hate this Idea. Yeah. I'm just telling you, Can you tell the league not to do this? So the idea would be that there would be, every single week there would be a standalone, like 8 30, 9 30 in the morning game. Maybe not every week, but plenty of weeks. Can you tell them, alternatively what they should do is they should do a hybrid of the college football mo model and have East coast games start at noon local time. And then there's another four games, a kickoff at three 15. And then there's another two or three games of kickoff at six o'clock. And then Sunday night football at eight 30. That's what we want. We want there to be, there's no break in the football. You just have overlapping windows. You have four windows and you don't have the nine 30 because that game, it's just, Have you thought about, it's a lot throwing your name into the ring to succeed Roger Goodell when he decides to step down.


Well, as commissioner, I'm just saying it's a, it's a real issue. 'cause on Sunday you wake up, we as football fans have about like a three or four hour time span there. Yeah. Where we can act like normal functioning Adults. Get all your pets in, you can Do some sort of chore. You can spend time with a family or with a dog, act like you are a, a, a real human being. And then you sit down on the couch for, you know, nine hours nonstop. And but when you, when you take away that Sunday morning Yeah. Then it's just like, oh, I just, I don't have Sundays. Well, by the Way, like from my standpoint, we have the pre-game show. They Don't, they're not thinking about us. They're not thinking about heres the about you, here's thing, here's the thing. Nothing About, like, that's Not what Roger Goodell's gotta understand. He doesn't, he doesn't understand gamblers. And if you, the reason why college football, like a college football Saturday is more fun to bet on is because you have multiple time slots.


Staggered. Staggered. Because a lot of people not naming names myself, we'll, we'll load up on the first time slot and we'll be like, all right, if we can, if we can get some wins, then we're gonna go to the next one. Yeah. So you have people betting throughout the day with, with only the two time slots. You know, I listen, he, if he wants to bring me on as a special advisor. Yeah. I think that General gamblers, I'm more than welcome to. He should. Yeah. Clearly. Yeah. 'cause there is the potential for that whole new window of international games, another broadcast package to sell. I, I think that's where it's gonna go. He's not thinking about, he's not thinking about, you know, what he's not thinking about. Okay. He's not thinking about marriages and relationships in America.


Because listen, a couple, a couple of the nine 30 games you can get away with being like, oh yeah, they're playing in Germany. They've never done this before. Every fucking Sunday. If I have to be at eight 30 in the morning in central time, being like, oh yeah, there's another game. By the way, he's pushing us to the brink. Like they added the Thursday night. There's Monday night now like Friday night last year. So yeah. I can't tell you how many times I got, I've said to my wife, there's a game tonight. Yeah. You know, Which I love. I'm just saying the night, like the pf t's right. You, we, we all have like two or three hours on Sunday to get our brains, you know, ready to go fired up. Look at the board. You start a game early. Yeah. It's just so we can pretend to have a real life Right. On Sunday. We don't, we don't have real life walk the dog.


But yeah, you get up how many dogs, how many pets are going to die because Roger Ell is going to insist on taking away all of our Sundays. I Mean, I, I say to my wife every Sunday morning, it's like, I got, don't worry, I got the kids till 11 and I feel like a hero. And she sees right through it and she's like, and then at 11, You know what else? I don't want, I, I don't want the Super Bowl in London. No. That, that's, that Will beyond American. I actually chefy you better get that stopped. Well if you succeed Roger Gelli better, you could be the man that gets done. Big Cat Shatty. If there's a Super Bowl in London, we are gonna be so fucking pissed. We won a war so that we don't have to play a Super Bowl in London. Okay. We're not doing this shit. It's good. They're gonna try to put it in though. Right.


That's, that's one of the next ones up. They say there's no international Super Bowl on the horizon. I I think at some point in our lifetimes, I, I think there'll be an international. I hope he's right. Enough is enough. Yeah. But it doesn't sound like it's anytime soon Enough is Enough. But ELL wants it so badly. Alright, let's get some of the fun stuff. Cheff de New Year's Eve 2024. You send off a, a very nice in memorial tweet where you honor those that we lost in the year 2024. How many different edits did you go through to figure out where to put OJ Simpson's name in the middle, slip in so that, so that nobody saw that OJ was in That slip in. I went back and forth on that. Like the, I mean I always, I don't know what it is, but every year I keep a file of people who lost their lives.


Like I'm just fascinated by it. And I just think that it's a way to pay respect to people who have lost their lives. And so I keep a running Do you have any notes on 'em? No. Okay. No, I just literally, I have it in my computer at home. Yeah. Yeah. And I add like a Death file. Like, so RG Virginia McCaskey is the, the first entran in the death file for 2025 RIP. She's not the first one in this year. Oh. Who was the first? I think my dog Benny. Oh. Oh, you fucking asshole. RIP Benny. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, Anyway, sad to hear that. That sucked. Bullshit. You just did that to me. Benny. Benny. Yeah. Blake Stella. You understand, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. How old was Benny?


Benny was 15 and Oh, that's awesome. And So Benny actually in dog years was older than Virginia. McCaskey Benny. Yeah. He was close. It's pretty crazy. Yeah. He was, he, we, we have an 18-year-old at home Wow. Who's blind and deaf. And we have another 15-year-old that named Bailey that, I dunno, four months ago, the doctor has recommended she, she couldn't walk anymore and the doctors recommended we put her down down. And she was so mentally alert and aware, my wife and her, like, we're not putting her down. And she's regained some of her ability to walk. That's awesome. She kind of walks like a crab now. That's awesome. You she craps in the house all the time. Yeah. She can't get outside. But she's our dog.


Stella had this, Stella had diagnosed with kidney disease when she was like 10 or 11. And the one of the vets was like, yeah, she's probably got six months to a year. And she's, we're three years past that. And it's like, once you get to the 13, 14, you're like, this has been an awesome run. And I know it's, it's sad. Benny, Benny, Benny, Benny. On February 23rd last year, I was sitting at my kitchen table and he came hobbling in. Like, he we're like, what the heck happens? We watched the ring camera and he went to jump up the step in the back into our house and he missed it and he couldn't walk. So I took him to the vet. They did some X-rays. They didn't find anything. Took him to another vet. They did an MRI and they, they came out and they're like, he's got a 20 CL.


Like, okay. And we also found cancer in his liver that spread to his lungs. And I said to the, you know, I mean, I'll never forget it. The doctor called us. I was with my wife for hysterical and like, how long? He goes, I'd say two to three months. And that was February 23rd. Wow. And he made it for almost a full year. The last conversation I, with Chris, with Chris Mortenson, I called him 'cause I was so distraught over Benny. I called him on a Thursday. Like I, I was broken up. And then Mort passed away on Saturday, which was, or Sunday morning.


You guys have dogs, you Know? Yeah, no, I know. Dogs are, it's our best. They are the best. Yeah. They are family. They, they're children. We have four now. We'll always have dogs. Love dogs Is the hardest part. The the one I always think about is the quote Peter King had, even though he still owes us money. He said that the only way to not feel the pain of a dog passing is to never own a dog. And what a sad life that would be. That's it. You can just not own a dog and then you and but you, you don't get all the joy of it. RIP Benny, A moment of silence for Benny. Thank you. Good dog. So why did you have OJ in that, Back to that, let ask you, would you have left him out, Played football.


Now he did have 2000 yards in season. Yeah. 14 games. And he did die to separate the art from the artist. He did die. Now on the other hand, he committed double murder. So I'm gonna say that's Toss up. He's found not guilty though was of double murder. Guilty. But he did do that. Right. But he blocked me on Twitter. That's true. So, yeah. No, I would leave him out. You leave him out. Yeah. Because he wouldn't see it anyways. He's gotta be Blocked. Maybe a separate tweet being like, and also not rest in peace. You know what the the, the amazing thing is, is like, I'm like, the guy died. He did Die. He had an accomplished life. Good and bad. Yes. So he, he was, I didn't even think anything of it.


And then all of a sudden I'm like, oh, controversy. Well, no, it was just that. It was, it was hidden in the middle. Which was the right move if you're gonna have it. Well, No wait, Was it chronological? It It's always sequential. Oh, Okay. It's always sequential. So what you Should've Done, I keep a running list. I take that list and I just post the list to, I, I try to Is It your computer? Does it? Yeah. Yeah. I try to honor the people we lost. Here's What you should have done. 'cause this is a running bit with us when like people say, you know, JJ Watts such a better person than he is football player. And we're like, no, he is not. Like he was one of the best football players ever. There's no way he's one of the best humans ever. That's no offense to him, but you should have just said OJ Simpson, significantly better football player than person. Or, Or I could have put OJ Simpson asterisk.


Yeah. Yeah. Maybe not dead Asterisk. Well actually no, he's, yeah, his, he's 'cause I've never asterisked anybody that lost their life in that year. Yeah. So I could have asterisk any of the classifications that you wanted. Maybe you do a separate, a separate post for the people who have died who were also murderers. Yeah. Right. The asterisk could also be like OJ Simpson still like what would be like his war is still like plus one. 'cause he, Katie took two lives. Katie ratio. Yeah. His only that. Something like that. We, we could workshop it. If that Comes up, you lemme know. You know what I'll, I'll send this upcoming years was Aaron Hernandez in the, in the end of the year. Oh. How long have we been doing this?


This death file Is pretty, you know what? Pretty fucked up. You know what I used to be able to do it, it would, you know what Instagram, you could post as many names as you want. Right. So Twitter, I think there was a limit. Yeah. And what year was Aaron Hernandez? It would've been roughly 2012 years ago. I, that was a long time ago. Yeah. You might Not have, yeah, I was posting names back then. So Would've had not had the death file. We, we avoided the issue back then. The the other thing I really wanted to bring up with you about, you know, some year and some small missteps. I feel like it was a pretty clean year for you overall. It was a good year overall. Yeah. Were you illegally streaming the Jets Texans game on meth streams? Mm. You know, you know what's amazing about that? Good Question. PF two Thank you. Is that, I believe it was the Malachi Corley play, correct.


Where he fumbled? Yep. Okay. So I had this app where you could take the video, put it in there and get the video. And in this particular play, I kept waiting for the NFL to post the video right away. And it, it took a long time. It wasn't posting. So I'm looking, I'm looking, I see the video Unmet streams. Actually I'm, I'm thinking of the sequence now. I used to do it that way. And then Field Yates, who now we're gonna have to blame him. We're Throwing field under the bus. Yeah, Absolutely. Gonna throw field. He said all you have to lemme show you something if you just press. Yeah.


It's very easy Press. Well, I'm trying to think which, I'm trying to think of which came first. Not even press download, but just press post video. What? Yeah, That's what happened. Field show me after the fact. Okay. This Is a long answer for just you watching me stream. This gets, are you in the me stream chat? But can You edit this answer to make it more succinct? I'm not used to speaking this much outta turn. Okay, now I have the sequence. So I see it. I'm waiting for the N NFL to post it. Yeah. New timeline. Yeah. It doesn't post it. I finally see somebody post it. I copy the link, I put it in the app, I get the video, I post it and the next thing I know I'm getting besieged with messages. Yeah. About meth. Meth Streams. Yeah. Yeah. Meth streams.


Well, meth streams. It, it was a refuge for those of us that didn't want to pay for all the different packages you have to do. And now they shut it, shut down. They shut it down because you blew It up. People blame me for shutting up. You made the, I like to think that journalists are crusaders and we're here to write the wrongs in the world. And so there were a lot of people that were illegally streaming on meth and they shouldn't be on meth anyway. Nobody should be on meth. You ruined. And so the website off the meth within my powers, I took it to squash meth. Which to this day I get pissed off messages in my DM sometimes from people like You should you, you ruined, you meth. You Right. But I feel like that's great. Again, I'm trying to help people out. They shouldn't, you're not be on meth. Yeah. You're not.


People shouldn't be on meth. But the great part was the next day I'm seeing people, they're like, Adam Schefter tried to find ways around paying the 8 99. Yeah. Amazon like, Hey, can I tell you something? Can I tell you what my wife orders from Amazon like five, six times a day. 8 99. I mean, that is just laughable that I'm trying to find. And I, I am so far from being equipped or smart enough to figure out a go around to, to avoid. Like, But really it's Field Yates fault. Yeah. And also, So then afterwards, afterwards field the h lemme just show you how to do something. All you do is press down the video, it credits the people and then you can just post the video live. Yeah. So, so field deserves credit for that.


I wish he had shown it to me before I could actually Yeah. Be the one responsible for taking down meth. And he thinks the lady doth protests too much. Yeah. I think you were doing some meth. You were on meth. You're, you strike me as a meth guy. You don't Sleep Much. I never, I I never knew any of this existed until after the fact when, oh, I'm getting all these text Messages. Okay. Yeah. This is, this is a lot of, I think it's breaking Badam. I think that's what it is. I think that, I think that you are, you get a problem. We'll get back to Adam Shef during a second.


He's brought to you by Chevy or great friends at Chevy would like you to know that they have packed more capability into the Silverado Trail. Boss. More capability than ever. You can pack more fun into your weekend with the Silverado Trail boss. Have yourself a fryer Saturday Sunday with a truck that says no to nothing. Tailgates spontaneous camping trips. DIY projects. Bring it on. What about a cross country road trip? Silverado was the perfect ride for last year's grit. Week out west. And recently they helped us give fullbacks the recognition that they deserve with the Low man award. Shout out Tyler Crow Boise State, while the Silverado Trail boss is built like a fullback. We're talking 495 foot pounds of torque. Hold onto those sodas max. Plus the trail boss gives you an extra two inch lift. So maybe Hank can finally dunk and they bring the grit, they pair it with all the latest truck tech inside and out. The result is a truck that can do it all. Then show up Monday with a story to tell. So learn more about the Silverado Trail boss@chevy.com. Chevrolet. Together. Let's drive.


Schefter is also brought to you by Uber Eats. It's winter. You can now get almost anything you need for the coldest months of the year delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well you can't get a snowplow delivered, but you can get snow peas delivered. Sunshine. That's a no but a bottle of wine. That's a yes. Snow angel, no angel hair pasta. Yes. Uber Eats can get you that along with a side of garlic bread and creme brulee to top it all off. Get almost, almost anything for your winter delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now alcohol and select markets product availability may vary by region. See the app for details.


Now here's more. Adam Schefter, Do you think you're washed up? 'cause you didn't announce Punit Tony fill No, you Did last year. I did. I did do it Did year didn't do this year. You did? Oh you did? Oh, oh, you First, Well, I could tell you this. I think that time honored tradition is dead. I think I'm not doing it ever again. Okay, So you are washed. No. Well, younger average chef. Like if there's a, if there's a scoop, I'm gonna get it. We Evolve over time. Okay. We evolve. Right. Okay. And so I've done it enough that there was a posting about this, like there was meth. Like there is with seemingly many things that I do with my life about how Adam Schefter posted about the groundhog digging. Like I thought people kind of liked that.


I thought it's, I think it's always interesting. Well I think it's, it speaks to your addiction to scoops and I like that about you. Where like, is there any scoop you wouldn't take? Because I, I kind of enjoy when you like drop a random NBA scoop or a rat sees his shadow in, in Western Pennsylvania. Like that's, so there's someone out there being like, chef he got me again. Like this was my fucking, I I love information. Yeah. I love anything that's like, whoa, I didn't know this. Right. So anything like that, whatever it's related to, I'm in love that about you. But I think I'm getting out of the punk stat Phil business. Okay. So you guys got the story first here where I think we're outta that business. We're not doing It. Breaking news. Yeah. Breaking news punks stat. Phil will not be seeing his shadow for me anymore.


Yeah. I just feel like this is you getting out because other people were getting the scoops ahead of time. Like you got bullied out of the groundhog space. That's true too. Like, If you can't win, you quit. Is that what people are saying? No, I, I just think that, like I said, you know, because that's Actually a Great thing to do. You know when the space is becoming crowded, right? Yeah. And so when everybody's weighing in, I'm Punka Tony, Phil, it's time for you to go find the next avenue to explore. Yeah. Okay. You wanna talk more NFL right now? Yeah. Like what's going on in the league? Those Are all the fun topics you got from the controversial. No, There's more. No, there's another one. There's more. Alright. So when the Luca trade happened, you, you said that for an NFL comparison, this is like Lamar Jackson plus for Joe Burrow Plus. And I thought that they, you made it seem like there were streaming services.


You put like a little plus sign next to it. I don't know if that's a great comparison. You know what, here's what happened. You might be right. I I I, to me and I am a big NBA fan, like it's a huge trade. Huge. And so you're talking about a veteran and a younger superstar. A guy who has won championships. A guy who I think will win championships. It's just a colossal trade. I was just trying to think of two stars. Probably a better analogy. Like literally I was asleep when shams broke it. So like I'm thinking like, what is this? Like I've never seen anything like this. I came up with that. Some people didn't like it.


Okay. Again, upon further reflection, maybe it would be like Dak Prescott for Justin Herbert. Yeah. Maybe that would be a better one. I don't know. I think the Joe Burrow for Matt Stafford was a Yeah, that's a good one. Was a decent one where it's like the, the age. Like it's, you know's thing isn't bad here. It's just, it's just fun to wonder about it. Like I, yeah, there's no right or wrong. Like that was something that came to me as I woke up in bed as I'm laying in bed. It was the first Saturday night. Yeah. Where I said I don't have to check on any injuries here for the first time. No you Don't. It's labor. You asleep. And I dozed off for, I wake up. I said, I'm like, what the hell is this? Yeah. Like everybody else. And that's what came to me at that moment.


Sorry. It offended as many people as it did. No, Thank you for your apology. Thank you. Appreciate apology. But I appreciate the fact that You said it. Alright, one other fun one, do you think you should get any credit for Dunking on Doug Gottlieb? Because that's like, this isn't a height joke that's like dunking on like a five foot rim. Everyone can dunk on Doug Gottlieb. You know, he texted me after the fact and when he texted after that, I, I started rooting for Wisconsin Green Bay. It was a rough year rooting for them. No, they're bad. They're really Bad. It's a rough year. But you know, and I even debated, actually I tried to go to one of the games and I went to Chicago. The good part was, it was like before the Super Bowl.


And so I was going to Wisconsin Green Bay, I came through Chicago and I, I didn't have any clothes. The airlines lost my bag. So I was going through Chicago and I found these two duffle bags and was able to drive by, pick up a couple duffle bags, got a bunch of clothes, got some great jump shoots right now. Worked out pretty well. Yeah. Rooting for Wisconsin Green Bay. You did get em good. He, he said it was a, a story about Sacramento State raising 50 million by the way, in NIL by the Way, like the athletic director told me that. Right. So like he comes like what? He responds to that which, but Is the athletic director telling you that? Is that not like a stripper saying like, I really like you Adam. Maybe So. Yeah, But The athletic director said it. He Did say it.


He's the athletic director. He said we had 50 million, which people were like, Hey, that's not right. Okay. Take it up With him. Yeah. Take it up with him. Yeah. So Gotlieb said, Jesus Chefy edit what agents tell you, 0.0% chance Sacramento State has what's an agent, 50 million agent at Sacramento State Telling. And then you said, and Jesus dug a seven game losing streak and last place in the Horizon League, less time on social media and more time in the gym. Got 'em By the way. Like, And then, and then they went on to lose like 14 more games in a row. 20. You should have updated 20. Here's the deal. I I, I try never to clap back.


I don't like that. But when people post factually incorrect information, like clean up with the agent, like no, no. I was talking to the athletic director. Right. This is what he said. Right. What do you want me to do? Right? Like Okay, That's fair. Yeah. Yeah. Source off you. I think you won the source off. But big cat's kinda right? Like Yeah. Doug Gottlieb, come on. Like take it easy on. Yeah. Everyone, it's he's, it's T-Ball. He's been through enough in his Life. Yeah. We can all take, take hacks at a guy. We got Any news breaking right now. Oh, what do you got? Yeah, don't try to, don't do this to us. Don't fake us. You Remember when you faked me out on March? Actually big news? Yeah. Yeah. ESPN has resigned Laura Rutledge to a big deal. Oh. Oh wow. Huge.


Congrats Laura. Yeah. You didn't get that scoop? I didn't get that scoop. That's huge. But you know what, Laura Ledge is a rock star. Yeah. We like Laura. She's fantastic. Yes. She deserves everything she gets and I'm very happy to see that. Agreed. Alright. So I was Disappointed I didn't get it, but that's the way it goes. Yeah. I was wondering if that was gonna be Matt Stafford News. Where's where? Gun to your head? Matt Stafford's. Next team. Max. Oh, I, I i, I, I don't like, oh first I don't like guns pointed at my head. Lot of guns. It's pug. Get the guns up Jay. Where's he he playing? Adam makes me Very nervous. Jay, Where is he playing at? Jay's refusing to put the guns The's head. He, I said Jay, He goes, no, no, no way. Where's he playing?


I I, I really don't know right now because it's kind of a coin flip kind of thing. You're dead Bad. Bad answer. That Was a bad answer. Well, like, so I I we believe that he's probably gonna either the Giants or probably resign with the, the Rams Tho those are the two plausible scenarios. Okay. I think the Raiders are out there lurking as well. Okay. I think those would be the three scenarios that make sense. And honestly I think it changes on a fairly regular basis. So that's why I don't wanna predict, hey, he's gonnas, resign with the Rams and all of a sudden lo and behold there he is traded to one of those other two teams or he's gonna be traded and lo and behold Right. He decides to go back to the Ram because these things change all the time.


Right. Alright. So what about Aaron Rogers? Is he gonna play football? Let's Start there. Well, I think he's gonna, I think he's gonna play, he's gonna play and I think he has something to prove in his own mind and think there's gonna be a chip on his shoulder And we know what that guy's like with a chip on his shoulder. And I think you have to wait for Matthew Stafford to see where he goes before we could figure out where Aaron Rogers is gonna go. Because I think once Matthew Stafford's situation is settled, then Aaron Rogers gets to follow us. Okay. So if if Rogers, if if Stafford signs with the Giants, it sounds like you're saying Rogers to the Rams. I definitely could see that happening. Okay. So let, lemme throw out a couple team names. You can be like no chance or Yeah, that could happen. So Rams, you said that you could see that happening.


Raiders, I could see it happening. Steelers, I could see it happening. Titans Don't see that happening. Colts Don't see that happening. Browns Don't see that happening. Okay. Giants Could see that happening. Okay, Interesting. So I give you four teams that I could see, right? Yeah. But he's definitely playing. I believe he's gonna play. Yes. Yeah. And Kelsey's coming back. Right? He is training and preparing as if he's gonna come back. Well you never know. What if Marvel Studios comes and says, Hey, we want you. Like we Need more Kelsey. I I yeah. But but he's preparing and planning to come back. Plans change. But yes.


They think he's gonna be back. I think he thinks he's gonna be back. But we'll See what happens. I'm not, I'm not a comic book guy. Are there, is there a role that Marvel would be looking at and be like, this is Kelsey? Well, I I I could see him doing like, he's such a big personality and so charismatic. Like he could do anything he wants. Yeah. So if they wanna turn him into some movie star Right. They wanna turn him into the next rock. Yeah. Couldn't you see that? I could see that. Yeah. I would like, I mean I would like to see him retire and, and try to play on a 11 level playing field podcasting wise with us. 'cause we're not in the NFL. He retired long Ago. Their podcast, they make a lot more money than you guys. Right. I know you guys done well, but they, they've really done Greaty. They sold, they sold out Appreciated ses, their corporate Stooges owned by Jeff Bezos.


Damn. Not us. Hey. As somebody, the problem Is, I don't know who we could say that about for Chefy As somebody More money than Steve a Smith. The Yeah. Steve a Smith. Oh yeah. But Sign podcast. Matt McAfee makes significantly more money than you, right, chef? Absolutely. Yeah. And deserves to and I'm okay with that. But for my podcast, I've never made any money for my podcast. Yeah. So you Guys, because you Changed the name, you guys have made far more money than I have in my podcast. We Have. We've made a very good living. But yeah, Congratulations. They've Done well. Thank you. When You turn 40 years old Yeah. To hit it the way you guys have. Yeah, that's pretty good. So we've got some years left in us. That's Pretty good. Yeah. You you, you might not have any jumpsuits, any you've had a lot of success. Well they all get stolen. Yeah, no, it's, it's been, it's been a wild ride. But the, the Kelsey's, they do need to quit it with the antics and just, you know, get on as two normal guys doing a podcast.


Let's see if they can Hang, let's see if they can do it. I don't know if they can. I don't think they can. I mean the level of success that they've achieved with that is incredible. Alright. Let's not, I mean we're, we're hired too. Hired You two, you're two guys. It's not fucking That's fine. Crazy. Yeah. I mean if to get the most famous person in the world, it's pretty easy to get their their listens up. Yeah. And they launched A podcast. He started dating Taylor Swift and they played in a Super Bowl against each other. Try to try to try to do that on a, you know, pick, pick us up one-on-one in the middle of, of August when we're debating, you know, the color of yellow cheese of American cheese. Yeah. See us there. Yeah. They, they couldn't, they couldn't pull that off. They're, they're playing from the Red tees. Yeah. We're back on the championship tees. Exactly. And you Guys have played like champions. Thank you. Yes. We Have played like champions.


Appreciate it. Thank you sir. Alright, so Roger, I've seen p I've seen PFT drive 400 yards. Yeah. He's Got, you have seen that You can, yeah. Also, thank you for the Christmas present or for the holiday present. Yep. Yep. Incredible. It always nice blankets. I know how you get the blankets to smell nice too. That I, that's we do that we take care of 'em. It, It comes out full service. It's, It smells nice. It's Blake's favorite place to lay. It's my dog's favorite blanket. Hey, you know what? My wife got those blankets like in dog beds. Like they're unbelievable. Yeah, They're very soft. Yeah. What? So we, we did Rogers, we did Stafford. What about Sam Donalds? I, I think when I see Quai, DFO Mensa, they're gm, the Vikings talked the way he did in such glowing terms about JJ McCarthy.


To me that says like, okay, they're setting it up for JJ to be the guy. Yeah. That's what it seems like. I think that like, they would like Sam Beck, but they'd like Sam Beck at their number. And so again, where's Matthew staffer going? Is he going to the Rams? Is he going to the Raiders? Is he going to the Giants? Because I think if he doesn't wind up with the Raiders, I think Sam Donald potentially could come into play with the Raiders. I could see that happening. You need the domino of Stafford to fall to begin to place the other quarterback chess pieces. But Sam Arnold I think will do well, but to me it feels like Minnesota is shaping up to be JJ McCarthy And we'll see what here happens here in the next couple of weeks.


Yeah. All right. Interesting. What about Cleveland? What, what can Cleveland do at the quarterback position? To me, they have to draft a quarterback with their first pick, which I assume to be two, but maybe they go up to one to lock it in. The guy they want, they're not very far from the top. And Tennessee could go back one slot and get basically whoever they want. If they're not gonna go quarterback. And the Titans are still going through their process. They've spoken to teams and told them we're interested in talking, but we need to get through our process first. Go through the combine, go through pro days before they derive their decision about what they're gonna do at One Cleveland. To me, I predict it'll be a quarterback period. I think they have to do a quarterback.


They're that high, they're that financially strapped. With the Sean Watson, there's that much of a need. You need something to uplift the spirits of the organization. I, I believe the Browns go quarterback. Okay. All right. Okay. What about, what's a story that you've got, maybe not a prediction, but like something that we don't see coming you, you're usually good at that or like something to just say, there's a tickler file. This guy might, you know, not play forever. Or this guy, this coach. Anything on the horizon? A league rule. Oh. Is the tush push gonna get banned? I don't think so. Okay. Like how do you, how do you band that? Yeah. It doesn't, it seems like sole loser stuff. It's Football. It, it, it, it just seems like, okay, so you can't push the tush by the way their success run in that play is, what is it?


92%. So if we take away, you can't touch his tush. Yep. And Jalen Hart is still sneaking behind Mackay Beckton and Jordan Milot and Lane Johnson. Like, don't you think he's still gonna succeed on that play 75% of the time? Yeah. Yeah. So I, I dunno what we're talking, and by the way, what about the plays where the running backs in the open field and all of a sudden people are pushing him? What about the plays with the wide receiver tight end catches the pass and they're being, that's not allowed either, right? Because we're not allowed to push anybody anymore. Is the quarterback sneak now banned? Yeah. Or it's just banned where you just can't touch the guy. I look, I, I've heard more opposition to it this week than I thought I would, but I don't know that there's a way to legislate it out of the game right now.


Yeah. Interesting. All right. So what's going on with Tom Brady and the Raiders? How, how active is he? He's been active. Is he like calling shots out there? His voice is being heard. I don't know that he's the final guy, but I think that Tom has a lot of say there. And he should, he's smart, hardworking, bright guy. I think that they brought him in for a reason and he's been involved in all this. Do we care at all about the ethics of Tom Brady owning a team and then also Participating. I, I think it's crazy. Okay. Like, so by the way, so he can't go to practice to watch what the chiefs are doing when he could watch it on team.


You don't think that Tom Brady is smart to go back and look at the tape if they are in production meetings? I would hope and think that if you are uncomfortable, if you are the Chiefs or Broncos or Chargers and you're uncomfortable that Tom Brady is broadcast, then, then don't give all the information to withhold what you need to withhold. Right. Or, or say, Tom, you can't come in the meeting. Right. Like Tom's still, they're, they're not hiring him to be, I'm a reporter. Tom Brady has played this game at a high level for a long time. They hired him because he has done things, seen things, been through things that none of us ever have. That's what he's supposed to be bringing to the game.


So if they never allow him in a production meeting and never allow him in a practice, to me that doesn't matter in the way that Tom Brady's doing his job. Yeah. Yeah. That's fair. Yeah. Alright, so we, we talked about the 18 game. Is there ever gonna be a chance for a double buy? Because I feel like, or is that no chance Two buys? I, I think, I think that'd be a part of it with the 18 games. By the way, if I were the NFL or the NFLP, and I'm coming to the players, we know how much the players don't wanna play an 18th game. And I understand why that would be the case. But if I'm asking you, you guys played in the NFL and I said to you, well, you'd rather have a 17 game season with one buy or an 18 game season with two buys.


Yeah. What would you rather have? I'd Rather have the two buys. Two buys, but also I would play for free. I would too, because I care so much. Well, you would, I love the game. I'd actually, I'd actually pay them. Well, I'd, I'd, I'd pay them to be able to play. But I think the double buy, I like the double buy. Yeah. Double buy 18 games. And I know you guys are doing it for free, but there's gonna be a lot more money, a lot lot more money involved. Yeah. Because we can now sell the extra TV package. Right, right. So, okay, I'll take the extra, buy the extra money. And then, and by the way, football could always do load management like basketball. No, we have, We don't want the, I I, I've always thought that the, the solution to the double buy is there just needs to be a universal buy where college football has their playoff now.


So whatever it is, early December, every team's on a buy and then you have college football games on that Sunday. And also you give everyone a chance to do their Christmas shopping. Like, you know, check in, be like, do like the universal, buy a check in with everyone, kind of reset the whole world for the home stretch. Well, It's sort of like the NBA does for the Allstar break. The, the sport shuts down for basically a week. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Including The game. Yeah. I mean, I, I think you're talking about taking that. I don't, I don't like when the NBA does that. I, I kind of like, as a guy who plays fantasy basketball and loves it, I kind of miss it that. How'd You do this year? Or how are you doing? I'm in second place, but my team, it's kind ham and egg. How'd you do in fantasy football this year? I, I lost in the opening round of the playoffs.


A great regular season. Brutal. Yeah. Are you interested in potentially taking on another team, not as a day-to-day manager, but more in a ownership role where you would oversee the day, day, day-to-day manager As in fantasy? Yeah. I, I, I think I'm as much fantasy doubt as I can be. Like I allow it to consume my thoughts and dictate my moods way. But again, you wouldn't have to More than it should. You would just have to manage a person managing The team. I I, I know. I don't wanna do that. Like Jerry O'Connell is the person we're talking about. We're looking to fill role where he needs someone kind of holding his hand. It's Almost like so he knows that somebody's watching him. Right. We really wanna strike Fear. I do that with a lot of people already.


Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. There are a lot of people that reach out, like constantly texting. Yeah. We, we would like to, we wanna figure out a way to, to add more bureaucratic red tape to our fantasy operation where we just have multiple layers of managers. Would you be interested, Probably not Slot you into that middle management role? Probably. I'm not, I don't, I don't like middle managing. I don't like bureaucracy. I kinda Wanna do this just because Jerry would text she or nonstop. Can We just, can we just say, my God, Listen, listen. I got certain guys that already do that. Yeah. Here's, here's the deal. What if we just, it requires no work on your part. You just accept the title As in title only? Yes. In Title only. Entitled only Fine governing owner. Okay. That's Fine. Governing owner Jerry O'Connell.


We are the, we're the principal owners of the operations. So we're a top of you. You're fronting it. We're Yeah, we're on top of you. We front the money, but you'll be the governing owner in name only of Jerry O'Connell. Figure it. And is there anything for me to gain? Yeah, like immortality, if we Win and, and also just power A spot on the wall of fame next to my Soul phone. No, if win, you'll listen. I'll tell you this. If, if we win the fantasy league this year, when we do the trophy presentation, PFT and I obviously will hold the trophy first. You'll hold the trophy second then Jerry O'Connell. That sounds fair to me. Yeah. I mean, really what you get, get out of it, aside from the trophy potentially, is you get power over Jerry O'Connell, which means that you can fire him Right.


At any given time. You don't have to do anything. But if you wake up one day and you're like, it's time for a change, we gotta shake things up in the locker room. And that way you can do that. When Jerry gets mad at us that he got fired, we'd be like, it wasn't us, it was Chefy. Yeah. Blame me. Yeah. Everybody else does. Exactly. Yeah. By speaking of that, how mad are Chiefs fans at you? You know, I, I, I didn't get that either. Like, again, So explain what happened, how, how it all went down. Well, the story was like they're expanding. Replay assist to include slide. I remember writing the story and being like, okay, well what does this mean? Like, like this slide of Patrick Holmes, it wasn't directed. I, I don't care. Like, I don't feel like there's some vendetta. I wasn't trying to stir up anything and all of a sudden I got people going nuts about that.


That was not my intent. I, I didn't like that. It became that and it was unfortunate, the whole thing. What fan base hates you the most? It depends on the time that there was a time when, I mean, we could go through this. There have been various fan bases that have hated me at various points. What's The worst it's gotten with a fan base? I, you know, again, two weeks ago it would've been Kansas City, right? Aaron Rogers, when he was the Packers, it was Green Bay. Like It's just whatever's in the news, It's whatever in the news at That time. Yeah. Yeah. The Jets. Did the Jets hate you this year? I don't think so. Maybe. Unless you know something. I don't. No. Memes is shaking his head. He's clean. Mees. No, it's clean. He's not a Flo. I'm, yeah. You know. Yeah. It's just, you know, you're not gonna be able to please all the people all the time.


Sometimes When you deliver bad news, they do shoot the Messenger. I-I-I-I-I, I always shoot the messenger. I try to deliver literally black and white factual information. OJ Simpson died. Fact, fact, fact. He did. Yes, He died. That's it. You got it right. You got the story right. Alright, so what, what about this name for potentially being on the move Max Crosby? Hmm. I, I, I don't think they'll part ways with a guy like that, that means so much to their city. That's so important, especially with the way that Mark Davis has felt about him. But we've got a whole slew of defensive ends here who are gonna get paid this offseason.


Like you got TJ Watt, maybe Miles Garrett Cleveland or somewhere else. You've got Trey Hendrickson who's gotta get paid. There are a whole host of defensive ends that are gonna get paid a lot of money. So I'm sure the Raiders are preparing to sign Max Crosby to a lucrative extension that he deserves. But if they're not, then, then they should look to deal. I mean, by the way they're rebuilding, although I'm sure they don't feel that way, he would be the most valuable chip that they have. Yeah. That guy's an unbelievable player. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, one more gun to your head. Oh God damn. Get him up next. Quarterback. I Feel like I'm in Landman. Get Him up next. Quarterback. Pittsburgh Steelers. Oh, sound guy. Yes. Get in there. Yeah.


Fuck yes. Get him memes. Get get it. Scan the room. We, we got It. Do I have to answer with my hands up? Yes. Yeah. Pittsburgh Steeler's next quarterback. Steelers next quarterback. Yeah. Russell Wilson or Justin Fields? No way. All right. They're staying put. Really? One of 'em will be back. All right. One of 'em. I expect to be back. Which One? On Russ Wilson. Okay. Okay. Sussy For Russy. Russ's back or sussing for Russy. Okay. What about Jam Winston? What's the, what's the market expected to look like for Jam Winston? I'd want him on my team. Yep. Yep. Seven days or seven days. Yep.


I don't know where he's gonna wind up going, but boy, that guy is, he's fun. Yeah. He Makes somebody very happy. He's a lot of fun. He's a lot of fun. Alright, I got one last question. This has been so much fun. We love having you on Shef Day every year, and I'm excited to get that phone. We need that phone robot. Question.


R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take.


What is Chefy doing for vacation this year? You deserve a vacation. What are you doing? When is it happening? What are you doing? No vacation. Come On. We have zero plant. Ah, Come on. You know, it's always nice after the draft when you enter a quiet period, there always is gonna be something, and as I say with the NFL, whatever happens on May 4th or May 18th, the schedule least that becomes the biggest thing. Yep. And when there's nothing else to talk about and there's that one thing that happens that day, some player signs an extension, some player gets cut, some player gets in trouble. Like that becomes the biggest thing because that's how everything is with the NFL.


And there's always something. And I just feel like the job is, even at that time, you just, you're always on alert. Right. You're always on guard. So vacation, I will say this, I'd love to go on a vacation where you could disconnect and turn everything off. I, I haven't done that in my adult life. Why don't you do it? We'll handle it. We'll just take your phone. By the way, if I give you the phone Yeah. Then I could, we could give you the active phone next to the Yeah, We'll just handle it. We wouldn't mess up your career too bad. No, Just a little bit, But no, no vacations planned. Okay. Zero. My kids have been after me. They, my kids really want to go to Italy.


Really? Take him To Italy. You know what, you know what I, I was talking to this guy last summer and he's like, he was turning 70. I'm like, what are you doing? He's like, I'm renting a house in Italy for a month and I'm inviting my friends and some of my family, anybody who wants to come can come. Anybody who doesn't, doesn't have to. And I thought, that's a really cool idea. Yeah. My kids want to do that. Would We get the invite? Well, in a couple years I'll be 60. Yeah. 58. Yeah. So you guys, we'd Get the invite If we do that, if I, I can't make it, but I would love the invite. I would stop in. Yeah. By the way, like, I'd save the entire month. You have to kick me out there.


Yeah. There was a good time for this. Like, my daughter will be finishing high school. Yeah. My SPN contract will be up. I'll be 60, so maybe we just Yeah. Shut it all out. Yeah. And go, Did did you think about that at all with woes retiring? Like that had to have crossed your mind? L listen, I, I have so much respect for what he did. My wife would never let me do the same thing. Okay. Okay. Okay. Become athletic director at Michigan. You know, that day when he did that, I got 20 techs. Like, are you taking the GM job in Michigan? There's a whole new industry now. Yeah. Like, there's a whole new world out there of GMs in college. And l Listen, I I love Woj.


He's one of my dear friends when we talked about him doing this, you know, I, I did my best initially to say, Hey, just think of the other side. Think about this. Do one more year. He was done. It's good for him. Was I, I Respect the hell respect. Yeah. It's unbelievable. Yeah. Also, it's, it's, and people just like, oh, you think a couple of people? Like you think Woj was, sorry he wasn't working for the Luca trade. I'm like, Woj couldn't give a crap. That's awesome that he didn't work on the Luca trade. My dream scenario is that he got the text for the, for the Luca trade. He got it on his phone. He looked at it and he goes, that's the old me. Yeah. Close his phone. Threw it away, like threw it into the ocean. Oh, I Forgot Che, you got some questions? Yep. Also Chefy, you look good for 58.


Yeah, you do. Thank you. You're, look, I you might be daddy chef or daddy Chef. There might be daddy. What Does that mean? You're, when you know your dad Well, This, well, as you age, like you're gonna get the, like the first 60 years of being someone who's maybe not tall, I would say. Yeah. Might not be the best. But then as you get older, like small dogs live a long time. Yeah. And I And you do shrink over time. Right? Right. So you, yeah. I don't know much to string from, You'll be like in, in our back pocket in 20 years carrying you around Before Che memes does have one question for you that I'll ask. Are the jets gonna trade up to one or two? What are they seven? Are they seven memes? Yeah, they're seven.


I I don't, I don't see them going to one or two. They, they got holes to address and that it would take a lot to get up there. I look. Could it happen? Sure. I I haven't heard that today. We'll see what happens. Memes Is happy. Okay. Do you want them to trail up to one? I don't, No. He just had you kill a bunch of rumors though. Yeah. Apparently squashed them tons of rumors. So I do, I I kill meth. I Kill rumors. Rumors. Yeah. And OJ Simpson. And OJ Simpson. Okay. Jay, this is the, A lot of people today, That's actually the perfect segue. We're taping this Wednesday. Talking About, this is not gonna be a perfect segue. We're we're taping this Wednesday before the on on field drill starts. Is there, there are four guys kind of at the top of the draft. Cam, ward, Abdul Carter, Travis Hunter, Shado Sanders. Is there anyone that's either here or, you know, sitting at home doing Pro Day soon that could see a Trayvon Walker type rise to the top pick?


You know what, I'm not smart enough to answer that right now. Okay. Because I'm just not living in that world. Field. Yates would answer that question and be spot on, but I couldn't answer that today. Okay. Because I, I just don't know. Alright, that's fair. I'll, I'll replace it with this question. Bad first question. It was a good segue. Yeah. Great segue, but bad Question. Bad Question. We, we talked, we talked a lot about quarterbacks. Is there any world where Daniel Jones is a starting quarterback? Yes. Good question. Of September? Yes. Good Question. Yes. In fact, I've actually had his name come up with head coaches I've spoken to. Whoa. Mm, Good question. Like, I'm like, oh, so you know what? If you know you can't get that Daniel Jones.


I, I've heard the name. So I, I think, I think there's a market for him. I also think that if Sam Dar leaves Minnesota would be a natural spot for him to be. And I think that's part of the reason the Vikings brought him in. But is there a scenario where he could wind up as a starter? I think there is. Can you tell us what division those coaches have been in? It was one coach. It was one coach. One coach. It was Just one coach just brought, just brought it up And it was that team. Mm. It was what team was It the, was it the Vikings? No, no. What, What conference? What color, what conference was the team conference in color? It was in the National Football League. Okay. Alright. You got one more question Chair?


Yes. So we just had, I don't know what days you're airing, but Liam Cohen was in yesterday. So James Gladstone. Well, by the way, Did you when Liam was in here? Yeah. I I gave him the business. Did you get after him at all or nothing? Oh yes. He Didn't give him the Business. What, what'd you say? What'd you say to him? How dare he? I I do, I did not like the way that went down personally. We kind of, your feelings were hurt. We, we made immense, my feelings were hurt. You got his Feelings hurt. But I understand on his feelings, the, the pay differences is astronomical and you know, he wanted to be a head coach and I get it. Yeah. Listen, we all agree with that. Like, you get only so many chances to get one of those jobs. One of 32. Yep.


A salary of eight figures. You can't turn that down. Right. But, you know, everyone went over. He just, you just told him, I'm go and talk to him. Right. So James Gladston the hire this week actually. Yeah. 34 years old in Jacksonville. Who's to say, what's gonna happen if he succeeds and if Li Liam Cohen succeeds, how does this ch do you, do you see this having a giant ripple effect in the NFL front offices? Like, are they gonna start hiring young guys now because he is a mainly analytical guy. I understand you Might have a Jaguar's obsession. Well, You, you, you, when I heard him talk and you guys met him, I still haven't spoken with him in person. I've texted him.


But like he's talking about revolutionize. He, he uses words that I haven't heard GMs use. Yeah, Yeah. And very new age. Very 2025. I, I think that if whatever he does works, I I think it would open up the idea that people would be more open to hiring younger GMs. Just like when Sean McVay came in, he was hired at the age of 31, I believe. And all of a sudden it became acceptable to hire a very young head coach. But there's only so many Sean McVay and if James Gladstone succeeds, there aren't that many people that age who can step into a job of that magnitude and handle it as adeptly as he would if he's succeeding.


Like you're saying he's going to. Okay. Good question. It's like you have one more. He's like Doge, but for a front office. Yeah. Yeah. Two guys. Rumor to be on the move would just love to hear potential landing spots. You could see these guys, Khalil Mack, Deebo Samuel, Khalil Mack. The Chargers are definitely trying to get back. And the interesting part about that is I think after everybody saw the success that the Eagles had in the Super Bowl and with the salary cap taking a bigger jump than people expected. The pass rushers like Josh Sweat, like Khalil Mack, even Milton Williams inside now I'm gonna see if I say his name right. OA iga.


Do iga, the guy in Dallas. I was Diga a Azua Oa. Oga. Yes. Oua. I got that right. I think these guys are gonna get more money than people are expecting. And I think the Eagles help make the pass rushers more money in this free age market. The Chargers are gonna work to get back. Cle Mack, there's a question about whether they'll be able to keep Joey Boso. They were in this spot last year. I can't imagine you're gonna lose both guys. We'll see how that works out with them. And then Deebo Deebo, like I said, the one thing I could say on Deebo is I think there's been more interest than people thought there would be.


And I know that I've seen it out there that the Niners would have to release him because of the, the cap situation and designate him a June one. I don't agree with that. I think they're gonna be able to trade him. Good. Interesting. Good job. Thanks. Cooper Cup. I I think unbelievable. Wide receiver aging older right now. He's filling time. No, no, no. IIII could see, I'm trying to think how I want to answer this, right? Yeah. You're filling time. You know, I could see A cool name to say Good Beard. Did that Breakfast Club with Matthew Stafford.


Really hard worker. Great story. Yeah. White. Yeah. Yeah. White. White. Chris Barry White. He is, yeah. Yeah. Good at basketball. That's confirmed. Yeah. Yeah. What, what else can you say about the guy? Yeah, He could be on the move. He's gonna be on The move Triple Crown Again. I think the Rams are gonna hope to trade him. I think the salary and the numbers are an issue. And I think that's why I'm kind of parsing my words because the question is, is somebody gonna trade for that contract? They gonna redo it. What's the contract gonna look at? I think there are, there are absolutely teams out there that want Cooper Cup. The question is how much are those teams willing to spend on Cooper Cup? Right.


And, and and that's really the issue here right now. He's gonna have a new home. Yeah. He's gonna have suitors, he's gonna have interest. The question is what is the price gonna be? Okay. Can you just do something to get me and Big Cat excited and just tell us what players are fun transactions. The Bears and the Commanders should find themselves involved in the next week. Like who the names that we should be looking at. Offensive Line. Well, bear's offensive. Definitely offensive. They're gonna, I mean, they're definitely gonna upgrade the offensive line. Done. Don't know who that's gonna be just yet. But they're, they're gonna be upgrading there. The commander is like, they're in a spot where they can go strengthen this. They're gonna be looking for a pass rusher.


They're gonna be looking for a wide receiver. I I think that they'll find a way to add Bolt at some point here. And Jaden Daniels. Wow. I, wow. He's special. He, he's good. Lemme tell you something. He's so good. He's, and the amazing thing is like, as I always say, people in this business, they're, people get it and people don't get it. Jayden Daniels gets it. He gets it big time. He gets it. Like that guy is on it. I I happened to be around him at the Super Bowl, came over, taught like I was really impressed with that guy. He Gets it special. Alright. Yeah. He is Chefy. PF t's set next. He Is next.


14 to 16 years. 14 to 16 year window. He had one great season. I love that. Let pump the brakes just a Little. You know what, I, I do love him. I'm in love with Him. I go back to what somebody in that organization told me. It was like 10, 12 games into the season. I, I go this quarterback, he, they said this quarterback covers up a lot of the sins of the organization. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Like not everybody's at his level and the rest of the team is is okay. Yeah. It's A decent, there's Some holes though. It's a decent team, but the quarterback is exceptional and because he is exceptional, everybody else gets Elevated. There's one great quarterback. Yeah. Right. That's the deal. Alright chef, you're the best. Thank you as always. Wow. Yeah. That's it, huh? Yeah. Are you fun? You had a good year. We had a good year. That cool? Not a lot of, not a lot of problems. I made some stuff. Well We we had Some stuff.


Yeah, we had some stuff, but not a lot of problems. And and I do want that phone. We need That phone. Done. Done. It's gonna on the wall of fame. Yes. The first wall of fame that I'm ever gonna be on. Yes. Other than my high school wall of fame. Yes. I'm in. I love it. Sign me up. Cool. All right. Thanks so much, Sheft. Thank You guys. Thank you.


Adam Schefter was brought to you by our great friends over at Lucy. Lucy is the obvious choice for the true nicotine pouch connoisseurs. That's why they are the official nicotine pouch partner of Barstool Sports. Lucy Pouches go up to 12 milligram strength. They have a unique shape that feels great. Lucy Breakers are the only pouches with a hydration capsule inside that are totally new kind of pouch only available from Lucy. Each breaker's pouch contains a hydration capsule that you crack open with your teeth before tossing it in in your lip. The capsule releases a burst of flavor and it helps release the nicotine faster for an experience that you can't find in any other pouch. I've got my loosies right here. Got my four milligrams, four milligram espresso. You can get Lucy ship straight to your door. Visit lucy.co/pmt. Use promo code p mt get 20% off your first order. Subscribe for another 15% off and shipping is always free. Lucy pouches. Lucy products are only for adults of legal age. Every order is age verified Warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.


Adam Schefter was also brought to you by our great friends over at Sleep Number. Listen up. We're talking about something that's just as important as game day sleep. Did you know that 80% of NFL players have a sleep number Smart bed? That's right. These guys aren't just elite athletes on the field. They're recovering like pros off it too. Here's why the Sleep Number Bed is all about customization. It's a smart bed. You can adjust the firmness on each side so couples don't have to fight over who gets the better setup. It's like having a referee for your bed, but no whistles. Just comfort. And if you're waking up tired or feeling like you got tackled in your sleep, this bed's got your back. Literally it contours to your body. It even adjusts to keep you comfortable all night long. Plus the new climate cool feature, total game changer keeps you up to 15 degrees cooler. So no more sweaty nights. Tossing and turning. The bottom line is if it's good enough for the NFL, you gotta check it out right now. You can save 50% off the new sleep number limited addition Smart Bed, head to a Sleep number store or sleep number.com to learn more Sleep number because your best sleep is your best performance. Go get it.


Okay. By the way, breaking Moves news, NBA central is back. We did It. We did it. And the time it took, we did it also. You've now listened to the Adam Schefter interview And we have not hired him, but he is being considered in name only to be ahead of on top of Jerry O'Connell in the organization Chart in name only In terms of just the ability to fire Jerry. J Jerry would not have to talk to Adam, which he should. If he was smart, he would use him as a resource. So it'd be in name only. Is he a direct report to Adam Schefter?


I think he would have to direct report. Okay. Jerry doesn't realize we having Hefty be part of the organization would be incredible. Jerry has no problem texting anyone at any time. He could text Shef only he wants to deal with The kid it sounds Like. Yeah. Yeah. But Shef But that came outta nowhere. That's not necessarily Yeah, that's not necessarily on the table. Right? The kids aren't involved in this. Exactly. Okay. Fire fest of the week. Hank Not much this week. More of just a follow up from last week. I got, I got, I got got by the toll toll scam. Yeah. I got I, Which has proceeded to essentially happened nationwide across the country. I Got texted To me, I have gotten some of them like, it seems like everyone in the world has got sent this text because I've gotten sent, you know, the text from a million people being like, look, I got it too.


I got it too. I got it too. A lot of AWS being like, I got it too. But some of them are coming from hot mail accounts, which makes mine look so much worse because it's like, how did you get got by a Hotmail account? Mine was texted from a real phone number. At least you Got got by a much, a much more believable text. What was the phone number? Because I got the text. It was kind of a random phone number. I don't think I was, I saw it and I was like, I cannot believe Hank fell for this. It Was, it was, it was in the middle. It was like, it was in the middle of the day. I was just kinda like, we had 20 minutes downtime and I got the text and I just was like, all right, let me take care of business real quick. It was still bad, but it wasn't a Hotmail account. But the amount of people that have gotten texts from Hotmail accounts and are hitting me up being like, you idiot.


How could you ever get caught by this? It's a tough look. Yeah. I got one just the other day from area code plus six three. Yes. That's where you should've, that was mine as well. Plus six three. Hank, come on. But I thought that might've been like an automated thing. I don't know. I was getting this for like, I, I wasn't here last week when you were talking about it. Oh, where were you? I was, I was on vacation. Oh. I got, I was getting this for like months straight from the same toll thing. And then the weirdest part was at one point, so like a real person was texting my brother being like, Hey, your, is your brother, this person, I keep getting toll things sent to my house. Please pay now.


Damn. Like, or, or like, this is getting really annoying. Please pay this whole thing now. Which is weird. That's the, that's the weirdest part. So Did you do it? No. That's crazy. That's, It was one of those things where I texted Mike, I was like, do you, this isn't legit. Right? And he was like, no, They're destroying families. They're making, They're Making, yeah, they're trying to break up families. Yeah, they're make turning brother against brother. But yeah, I don't know how the, the scammer got my brother's contact information and the, and damn. And he was sending pictures of like real letter, like letters addressed to me from this toll thing. That is a, that's a good scam though. Sounds like actually like your brother owes a lot of money. Please tell him to pay.


Wow. Yeah. That's crazy. Okay, so wait, so what's your update that you, you still can't believe you got scammed? My update is I'm a fool for getting scammed. And I, I regret even talking about it because I've gotten hit up nonstop for the past week of people basically just being like, I got this text too. You're an idiot. Yeah. Yeah. You are kind of an idiot for phone. No, you're a big time idiot. Yeah. Yeah. So it's, yeah, it's a double fire fest. But it's kind of nice having to get your card reset because then all the subscriptions that you forgot about, I need that bad. Yeah. It cleans it out for you naturally. Yeah. This why you should just never, you just never pay anything. Right. Yeah. Could pull that Too. If, if anyone ever like yells at you for not paying something, you'd be like, oh, I thought it was a scam.


Yeah, Yeah. My bad. And then when they're like, no, but you actually had to pay. Be like, are you sure? You seem like a scam. Like Yeah. Close out your bar tab. IRS This seems, this seems like it's fraudulent. Yeah. That's a scam. Okay. PFTI had a pretty good week this week. I would say my fire fest is that I have fallen deeply in love with a house that I'm not going to buy. And I'm obsessed with this house and I can't stop looking at this house and just thinking about it. It's like 60 acres. They call it a hobby farm. It's, it's got like a gym, little basketball hoop. I look at it every single day. You love farming so I can understand. Yeah. Yeah. Well no, I, I I got so you Have a lot of time to farm.


I got So deep in this, in this obsession with a house that I'm not going to buy. I, I started to look up what kind of crops grow out here and what I could plant on the farm that I'm not going to purchase. But I'm obsessed with it. I look at the house probably two or three times a day and just think, yeah, that's where my corn would go. You Should just buy it. Some snow peas right there. Well the thing is, when you get a farm, it's not just like waking up and like your cows are happy to see you at the front door and then you go about your business. You actually have to work by the way. No. You pay someone else to do the Work. This farm is in Wisconsin too, so Yeah. Oh, how far away is it? It is like an hour and a half away. Oh, That's, we'd never see you again. Yeah. Yeah.


Well no we would no, we would see him the same amount of time. His cows would never see him. Yeah. They would all die. Yeah. Like that's the part. But I, I don't think PFT would be like, I'm going to farm see you boys later. He would just buy a farm and be like, farm, I'm never gonna see you. Yeah. I even looked up how many chickens I could keep there. I started looking at ducks and goats. Are chickens like cats? You can just leave out food for 'em. Yeah. Basically. Yeah. They take care of themselves. I'd have to call you every morning to make sure he left on time. Yeah, No he would. No, he's talking about having this as being like a second home. Oh Yeah. Where he again, he would never go to this farm. I Thought you were talking about just moving. No, no, no. I would summer at the farm, the cows would be like, no. Where, where have you been? We're all dying.


Yeah. We all have brosius give us medicine. Yeah. Sounds Like a Terrible house. I even looked up cattle diseases that I should need to be on the lookout for. Yeah, but Max it has a basketball court. Yeah. We don't have a basketball court. PFT known lover of playing basketball. He's Got a gym. We also have a gym. Yeah, I know. But this is, we don't Have a farm. Does it have a lake? There's no lake. Oh, this Is pointless. Oh, that's a a good point Max. There's a lake very close by you. A Fishing pond. There's Yeah, there's a lake very close by to here. Yeah. You need a fishing, a fishing pond. This Lake is way closer It lake the Chicago. It's sad though because I've been showing everybody this house and everybody is like pumped for me to continue thinking about buying house that I'm not gonna buy.


Except for you Guys who has, who has given you positive reinforcement about this house. You guys, you guys are the only ones Who has given you positive reinforcement about This house who are taking big, big steamy dumps on my daydream Main names. We're not taking dumps on it. It just, it, it makes no sense. I I listen. The house is sick. You showed me it. I think you guys don't Believe I can farm. Just Get a lake house. Right. Just get Right. There's houses on lakes. Right, Right. That would be sick. You are rich where you can buy a lake house. Where are the goats gonna live on a lake? Who can't swim needs goats? You have dogs. Your dog is big. Yeah. Well I'd have to get more dogs for the farm. Just get it. Just get dogs at a lake house.


Who Has given you positive reinforcement about getting this House? Everybody that I've showed you and I've showed it to who? Probably dozens of People. Name one name My friend Brian. Okay. Okay. And he doesn't have to work with you though. No, he doesn't. But he said he'd come visit the farm. Yeah. I would visit the farm. Was he But was it like, you should do this or was it like, oh that's cool. And he is like awesome. Yeah, you should get it. Visiting a farm is cool. Visiting a lake is so much cooler. Yes. And also key word is visiting too. Yeah, no, I would like you to have a lake again and you to get a boat as well. Yeah. Again, I'm not going to buy this farm, but I'm obsessed with thinking about buying the farm. Yeah. That part I totally understand. Yeah. I look at Zillow all the time being like, oh shit. Look at this house in Malibu.


Look at this house in Montana. I'm never gonna buy any of it. At every time you go on vacation to, you have to look at like what, what a Property. But oh, Zillow doing the Fanta fan fantasizing on Zillow is everyone does that. I'm nervous. You might actually try to buy it and then you're gonna be like, guys, I made a mistake. I have to move to this farm. 'cause every, every animal's dying. I Mean, I I think the farm likes me Too. Can we do Zoom episode? My cows are dying. Listen, I just, I want to indulge in fantasizing about buying this. Well I fear this is why it's about fire fest is because I've become obsessed with it. Yeah. I think this is your answer by the way. Hank, what would get us to stop podcasting? Him buying this farm. I get a farm. Yeah. We bought a farm. We bought a zoo. Think of the fans.


Yeah, but I mean, so you could do squash. Fans would lose, You could do cucumbers, tomatoes. You Could do good content on the farm though. Yeah. Good content. Yeah. What Was that? What was that game Back at Farmville? Yeah. Yeah. Remember that? Real life. Yeah. Real life. Farmville. I would even maybe grow some weed. The possibilities are endless. All these things you can do at your current House. Yeah. You could these Possibility like No, no you can't. I can't have animals at my current house. You have one. You have one. I have one. You could have another, but You guys are forgetting the goats. You could get a goat. I could You have a little backyard. I could You have your goat live out there. Alright. My fire fest. It's a future fire fest. I got a issue you guys can maybe help me with. So my house is stocked with snacks.


My, it's always stocked with snacks. I'm a big fruit snacks guy. Love fruit snacks. Yep. Pound them. Just i'll, I'll open like six of them, make a big pile in my hand and just eat 'em. I'm mots over Welchs myself. Yeah. So I I I am as well. So the problem though is my wife buys more fruit snacks 'cause the fruit snacks get eaten. I don't think she realizes I'm the only one eating them. And she just bought like a week ago a brand I don't like And it's like the tropical flavor. Yeah. And I haven't eaten any of them and they're just sitting there and no one's eating them. 'cause I don't think she realized that I was the only one eating them.


And I'm gonna get found out for being the only one who's eating the fruit snacks. I don't know what to do. You gotta just bring 'em to the office and give 'em away. Yeah. Just Or throw 'em out. Yeah. I just stared at 'em last night. 'cause I was like, oh, I want a snack and there's probably 50 bags of these fruit snacks sitting there just not being touched because I was the one who was doing the work. Put 'em out for the birds. Yeah. And then I gotta figure out, I mean, if you have one of those fruit snacks too, you have seven, like they're Oh yeah, no, I snack. They're not filling at all. No. Listen, if I had opened up my snack closet last night and it was the SpongeBob fruit snacks, they'd be gone. I would've taken 'em all down One. Like I'll buy a box of 10 and I'll give like my kids one to share between the three of them and I'll eat the rest.


Yeah, I agree with you. The, the tropical subpar gross. Yeah. Not good. So I gotta, I gotta figure out. So I think yeah, maybe bring 'em in here because I'm, I'm right on the cusp. It's been about a week where I'm gonna get found out as being the only one who ever eats the fruit snacks. Yeah. Bring 'em in, distribute 'em. Maybe I'll just put 'em in my kids' bags and just be like, give 'em to your friends. Yeah. Just tell 'em it's Valentine's Day again. Or just put 'em out on your, on your front step and put a sign that says please take one free fruit fruits. Act like it's Halloween. Yeah. I'm trying to get more fruit snacks in this house. Okay, let's finish up. We got numbers. Monday show's gonna be an awesome show. We got a very Italian show. Nick Siri, awesome interview and Diana Rossini.


Let's do numbers five me 11 memes. You ever gotten this? No. I think memes, iss gonna get it today. No, no. I max. There's no way he's getting it today. Three. I got a good feeling. Somebody's gonna get it. I don't ha somebody. Not you Somebody. I'll go 44. Come on. Nine. Nine posts on 3 55 21. Hank, what was your number five? What was yours dude? He stole my number. I did 40 Pug. Texted me last night. Didn't see Hall Villanova game. Trying to rub it in my face. It seemed. Was gonna beat Villanova and then they'd never scored again.


Oh, that's Tough. Pug. They were up 16 and just never scored again. Pug. That first half though. We got fire. It was A hell of a first half. Don't forget That's 40 on buying this house. 26. 26. Good call. Memes wrong Again. Memes Not only wrong with the number, but wrong saying someone's gonna get it. Love you guys. Wrong two times.