
Hey. Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We have a two for, for the people. We have Al Cy Young winner, Terick Scobel. Awesome interview with him. And then we have future and former Jets head coach, Rex Ryan. Talking ball. We're gonna do week 12, weekend Picks And Preview. We have Thursday night football to discuss, which was almost the most Steelers game ever. And then the Browns and Jamis in the snow found a way.


We're gonna finish with Fyre Fest of the week. I think we have some, some business too from our President. Pug. So that would be in, in Fyre Fest. Doesn't isn't, doesn't Pug have to speak to, to, to the people. Max, doesn't he? He's got some business. Yeah. I didn't know that you knew about The business. I didn't. I don't know the business. I just know Pug is planning on speaking state of the pod, state of the pod, state of the pod. The


It is all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA cup is here. Boost your winnings every Tuesday and Friday with DraftKings NBA cup double up promotion. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance in the single elimination in season 20. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Vegas. Opt-in today to the NBA Cup double up offer and you'll get two profit boosts to use on Tuesday and Fridays. Score big with drafting sportsbook. Download the drafting Sportsbook app use code. Take and opt into NBA Cup Double up promotion to score your profit boost pack. That's code take only on drafting Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction. Boyden Ontario Boosts expire at the end of the final game each day. Maximum bet limits and wagering restrictions apply four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/promos.


Okay, let's go. Football. My yeah.


Pardon My Take. Welcome to Pardon My Take. Presented by DraftKings. Score big with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code. Take and opt in to the NBA cup Double up promotion to score your profit boost pack. That's code take only on DraftKings Sports book. The crown is yours.


Today is Friday, November 22nd. And God damnit. PFT. I didn't know that my life was incomplete, but it is now complete because I got to watch Jamis Winston play football in the snow. The horse is preparing for battle, but victory comes from the Lord. Yes. Jamis Winston, November 21st, 2024. Horses don't really prepare For battle. Oh, horses do. Horses. No. Oh no. Horses a good horse. Horses are like, what the fuck? Why the hell am I here? No. A good horse. I wish I was running in a race or just in a field somewhere. A good horse knows. Like, you know, a good horse knows when it's gonna race, right? Yeah. I don't know. Horses are like, fuck this man. I don't wanna get stabbed by something.


No, I think if you have a horse that's got a dog in it, it knows. Yeah. So we got to watch Jamis play in the snow. It was for the, for the like fourth quarter. It was gonna be the most Steelers shit possible. And by that I mean they look like dog water for the entire, like first half their offense couldn't do anything. Then they get a touchdown, then they get a fumble, then they get another touchdown. You're like, holy shit. We like just continuing the conversation of the Pittsburgh Steelers every single year where it's like, I don't, I think they're good, but I don't think they're good. But they're really good. I think they're really good still. But we saw this coming on Sunday night when we talked. Oh yeah. When we redid the pod. We said Thursday night against the Browns let down.


Now by the time the weekend had actually rolled around at that point I flipped back on myself and thought maybe the Steelers can do it. But yeah, classic. Let down spot. This is a brown Super Bowl. And also shout out to the lake. Yeah, the lake came to play tonight. The snow was, it was gorgeous. It was artistic out there. They're trying to take snow football away from you. They're trying to build a dome in Cleveland and that's not gonna look right at all. Seeing the Browns playing good weather, like indoor weather in late November, December, maybe January. That's not gonna look right to me. But yeah, si simultaneously like the most Pittsburgh shit ever. And also the most brown shit ever. Yeah. In that fourth quarter, Jamis with what appeared to be a backbreaking interception.


I don't know if he could see the Pittsburgh defensive players. He was, they were wearing white jerseys and, and white out conditions. He was making crazy throws, scrambling outta the pocket. His helmet was falling apart. And then at one point he just kind of didn't see a defensive player, like old school Jamis. Yeah. Hit him with a perfect pass. But it was a great game. It was a lot of fun to watch. Yeah. He was full jamis with the, with the scramble for the touchdown. Then the interception, which we all saw coming. 'cause you jamis, when he throws an interception, he like, he builds up the confidence to throw it in that he will almost throw an interception on the, on like a couple plays in a row. And then he'd be like, all right, now I'm ready. I'm just gonna throw the interception now.


He's like, all right, can I do this? Can I do this? Yeah, I'm gonna throw the interception. I agree. The weather. They're trying to take this from us. This is what, this is what they're trying to take from us. The Kurt Warners of the world, the Pete Prisco's of the world. Our good friend Pete Prisco decided to do the, the football and the element sucks. Tweet then closed his replies. Sad stuff from our guy Pete Prisco. We gotta remember to bring that up next time. That game was awesome. And the, and the winter in the, in the snow was awesome. I I'm gonna push back a little bit on the Steelers being really good. I don't know if they are. I think they're good. I think that the Steelers in a, a normal home game as opposed to an away game in the snow.


It's it's different. It's different. But, but, But explain this. Their offense looked like shit in the first half. There was no snow. They, they did look like shit In the first half. And I just don't know. I like Russell Wilson can do some things, but I also am just, I don't know. I don't know if I trust them. Know what it's in a big, and I know they can beat the Ravens 'cause they always beat the Ravens, but, well, Dan Orlowski says that you can't beat the Ravens kicking only fuel goals. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't know if they can Yeah, That's true. So I I know it's a mystery. I think what, what the root of my thinking that the Steelers are really good is, is the fact that they've had just terrible looking offenses the last couple years. And we've all thought to ourselves with this defense. Yeah. And some of the pieces they have on offense, if they just get good quarterback play, they'll be an awesome team.


And now for the most part, I, I don't think that Russell Wilson is a bad quarterback. I think he's probably average maybe a little bit above average. And he, he loves throwing the ball to George Pickens keeps him involved. He spreads the ball around. He uses the middle of the field sometimes, which is better than what you can say for the Steelers for the last like three, four years. So I think what I'm in love with is the fact that they do have that average to sometimes good quarterback that they were missing. I'll, I'll, I'll make a deal with your, you here. I think I'm comfortable saying the Steelers are pretty good. Okay. Really feels. Yeah. I think they're pretty good. I thi okay. I think they're pretty good. Can I talk You up to They're really pretty good.


Really Good. Plus No, that would be No, they're pretty good. Plus pretty good Plus pretty good Plus I could do pretty good. Plus I can meet you a pretty good plus about really Pretty good plus kind of Sometimes Yeah. If you had a, sometimes I'm okay with that at Home Post Renegade Really pretty good. Plus sometimes I don't think there's ever, Every now and then I don't Think there's ever been a coach who's, who's better at coaching football. Like motivated, like, like getting his players, getting his team ready and holding them to the high standard of the standard. While also simultaneously being the biggest idiot when it comes to the end of half scenarios and, And end of games.


I mean, that was, yeah, that was, that was crazy. Mike Tomlin the back and forth with the penalty. I don't know why you, why you declined that penalty or accept that penalty. Sorry. Like, or Yeah. Yeah. He accepted it. They went to, they went from fourth and two to third, third and seven. The Browns. He declined it twice. Yeah. And then he accepted it. The Browns were clearly very hesitant to kick. Yeah. Because their kicker stinks and missed a bunch of kicks last week. And it was bad weather. Put the pressure on them, have it be a fourth and two, and then he accepted the penalty. So they get third and seven and then he takes a timeout that he had no reason to take. And then you're in a situation where first down, kind of just like burns all the time.


It was just, it was a debacle. I also didn't really understand fourth and two putting Justin Fields in the, in the game to throw the, or no, sorry, that was third and two. 'cause they did end up punting him with his bad punt. Putting Justin Fields to throw a deep ball to George Pickens. Like that's Russ's ball. I don't Know. The end of the first half. Two of the timeouts. Yeah. Didn't make a lot of sense from the first Yeah. Yeah. Where he was like, he, he kind of always is like halfway in, halfway out. Yeah. He didn't know if he wanted an, he wanted more time on the clock. Yeah. When he got it back. He, the timeouts were really strange. I would much rather have a coach that was like that than the other way around though. Yeah. That could not motivate his team. But then during the games, managed the game really well with a shitty team. Yeah. Like putting whipped cream on shit. Mike Tomlin's a really good coach.


But there was, there, this was a winnable game that I think the Steelers are going to be very upset when they look back at, because they have some really tough games left. 'cause they have to play the Bengals who are obviously still fighting for their life, been fighting for their life since week one. Browns again, then Eagles, Ravens Chiefs and Bengals to finish tough. This could be the game where they look back and they're like, what the fuck was that? We should have won that game. We could have won that game. And it's the difference between winning the division and being like a six seat or something. Yeah. Getting a home playoff game would be huge for Pittsburgh. Yeah. And so I I, that was a, that was disappointing for Steelers fans. Disappointing.


Especially given the schedule coming up. I'm gonna, I think I'm gonna stay strong in saying that they're really No, they're pretty good. Plus sometimes the One thing that does concern me with the Steelers, their defense, they have a very good defense. TJ hasn't really been anywhere to be seen for the last couple weeks. Miles Garrett was a beast Tonight. Miles Garrett was really good. But, And the, and You know what I'm saying? Like tj Yeah. I, yes. He was getting double teamed a lot. He was getting chipped. He was, they were keeping the tight end a lot to give two guys on him. But still, I feel like TJ Watt has not, he hasn't been playing up to TJ Watt standards the last couple Weeks. Yeah. Yeah. And credit to the Browns because a team that quits felt, felt like the Browns had kind of quit.


To have a game like that against your rival, that's still fun. Oh yeah. In the snow. It's so Memorable. Prime time national audience. Snow Jamis, Bryce Underwood went to Michigan like an hour before kickoff. Yep. So Indiana's gonna come in into Columbus. And that, that's a, that's like a, that's a scary proposition just because Ohio State, if they win, everyone will be like, well, yeah, you're supposed to be to Indiana. And if they lose like, holy shit. Ryan Day. Yeah. Everything's falling apart. It doesn't count. This is not counted under Ryan Day can win the big one if he wins. Yeah. But if he loses it's, then it's Ryan Day can't win the big one. Yeah. Yeah. So, so it was good for the Browns to, to show some fight. Yeah. Miles Garrett was everywhere. And Jamis is just fun. In the snow is fun. His pre-game speech, actually there were two of them.


There's now, there we get two pieces of content from Jamis before every game. One of him talking to his team, one of him talking to a reporter. Yeah. And the one where he was talking to the reporter before the game, Kaley Hartung. He started off super serious, super serious. Laser focused in, then halfway through something hit him. It looked like he took, so it, it looked like he took ecstasy. Yeah. And he just woke up and started smiling and laughing. I was, I I just love Jamis Winston. Yeah. We need more Jamis. This was a good night for Browns fans. This was your Super Bowl. And if you don't win any other games for the rest of the year, guess what? This, this one you'll remember forever. And shout out all the shirtless, like very Fat Browns fans. Those guys rocked. Yeah. They, it felt like there were a hundred of 'em in the stands tonight.


Those are like the true, those are what we mean when we say football guys. Those are what we mean when we say like, you know, rust Belt, Cleveland, those guys were fucking awesome. Yeah. And they were just, there were so many. One guy had had like little stickers on his nipples, which I liked Pasties. Keeping it classy for the kids. I like that kids are watching. Yeah. But, but again, they're going to try to put more domes on stadiums. Yeah. And one day, Pete Prisco, we're not going to have snow football anymore. Everything's gonna be sterile and indoors. And we'll look back and all us old timers will say to the young kids, like, you know, they used to play football outdoors in the snow. Yep. And then the kids will be like, oh, that's so old. You guys are so old. They'll think of that the same way that we think of like playing baseball at the, at the polo grounds with like 500 feet to dead away center field.


It's Gonna be a sad day. Kurt Warn is gonna be just spinning. Smiling. Okay. Let's kick it to ourselves. We got weekend preview. Then we have Al Cy Young winner Terick Kubel, which was an awesome interview. And Rex Ryan, which also was awesome. He's gonna be the Jets head coach again. I think let's kick it to ourselves. Okay. Before we get to the weekend preview.


Gametime football season is here And we can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports, you know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime Picks feature To make it even easier to get to a game, Gametime picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. We're looking at tickets. Hank, what do you got? Pat's at Dolphins. Probably a lot of New England people going down for the weather. Nice weather in Miami. You can get into the game for as cheap as $61. $61. And there's some lower level seats I'm looking at on the Super deal that are 150. Okay. So hit that GT picks deal for great seats. Just pull up your chosen event. Turn on the GT picks setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deal near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for, Hank? If, if maybe Hank's now. No, you gotta be here Sunday. Someone's gonna buy those Patriots verse Dolphins tickets with Gametime picks. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals with the new Gametime picks. What time is it Gametime


We're also brought to you by ourselves. That pardon my cheese steak. It's football season. It's cheese steak season. Go right now to pardon my cheese steak. It brings you awesome cheese steaks loaded fries, deliver right to your doorstep and be offering free delivery throughout the entire football season. So you can order classic cheese steaks, Chipotle cheese steaks, chicken, cheese steaks, buffalo chicken, cheese steaks, many, many more. You can order the popular Big Cat combo. Get your cheese steak of choice, fries and a drink. Find a pardon my cheese steak near you or order yours now at pardon my cheese steak.com. Use code A-W-L-A-W-L for free delivery with pardon my cheese steak.


Okay, boys, week 12 in the NFL we've got six buys we've got, I'll say it. Not the best slate. Yeah. But we say that on the weekends where we tend to have good games. Oh, Of course. I I I expect there to be chaos, but on paper, like I'm, I was struggling to figure out what TV's going to have sound on Sunday. So what's crazy is the Cowboys are gonna have the A team for broadcasting. Right. Who do they play? They're playing the commanders. Oh yeah. Yeah. So that should be sound. That should be Sound. I mean if we wanna, if we wanna listen to Greg Olson. I was, well I was thinking, I was thinking Lions of Colts. So Lions at Colts is gonna be interesting just to see how I think that the lions are just gonna beat the fuck outta the colts this week.


Okay, well let's, let's start with that, Gabe. Let's, let's hop right into it. All right. So Lions of Colts. I have the lines. Okay. I wrote down the lines this time all on DraftKings Sportsbook, lions of cults Colts plus seven and a half over under 50 and a half. Bang. There we go. The Lions are the third best team in DVOA history. I saw that of all time. I saw that. So they went back and I, I don't know how they do it on the computer. They just have the computer watch film for all the old teams. I don't know, I Think Aaron Cha just watches all the film. I think he just has like an AI scraper that goes back through the NFL films library and just watches and tells you what to, but whatever it is. Third best in NFL history through 10 games. So there's still some season left.


They're behind only the 2007 Patriots and the 1991 Redskins. That's where the lines, that's how good these lines have been offensively. Yeah. I actually think the Cols are gonna be in this Game. Okay. Hank, you want, do you want to Well, is I'm staying away. I'm staying away. Listen, I the Lions are the best team in the NFL. I'm, I'm not gonna, you know, pretend that that's not the case. Alex Ann Malone being out wears the green.is now their second obvious, you know, big time starter that's out with Aiden Hutchson been out for a while. I think Anthony Richardson. I don't, I was impressed with how he played against the Jets. Shane Steichen feels like maybe he's, that that time sitting down helped him.


Shane Steichen having him run a little bit more. It's gonna be a little bit, little bit harder when you have a dual threat quarterback and your Green Dot guy is out. I know that the, we're gonna talk to Rex Ryan about the Lions and he makes a really good point about how they get all their players involved and bought in. I don't think the cults are gonna win this game, but I think they're gonna keep it close. And it might be the dumbest thing ever. But I'm, I actually, no, I haven't, I haven't been bad. I, I had the Texans against the Lions Texans covered. I had the Lions last week against the Jaguars that killed them. So it's not like I've been going, trying to go, you know, Ooh, I'm going against the lions. I just think seven and a half Colts really need these games. Lions are really, really good.


But it's hard to play a whole football season and dominate everyone. Yes. Hank Does this go against, I feel like it goes against a lot of what you've said about Anthony Richardson and the Colts up to this point. Correct. I said last week he looked great after sitting for two weeks. And it felt like Shane Steichen had that good balance of how to use him correctly. So maybe he's a different guy. Like maybe he's getting better. Run the football, run the football, and then throw a deep Pass. Yeah. Like he, that he, that was a game winning drive against Jess. I'm not just 'cause I have a take doesn't mean I can't be No, no, no, I'm not going to you. I'm not gonna, you I'm saying just 'cause I, whoa, whoa. I'm not, I'm not, I'm telling you, just 'cause I have a take doesn't mean I can't change it if he, if he starts to be better.


Agreed. So I, I thought that was a very impressive game against the Jets. And maybe they're starting to figure things out with Anthony Richardson. Yeah. So the key is gonna be if they can run the ball, if Jonathan Taylor can run the ball. I think, I forget how many touches he had last week. It wasn't nearly enough. Like they need to be successful long term. Jonathan Taylor Eser run the football and they're gonna try to do that against the Lions. The problem is the Lions defense is very, very, very good against the run now Anzalone being out, that makes a big difference. Yeah. That we'll see how they, who's gonna fill in for 'em. Is that gonna be Rodrigo Might be. Let's see, they have another guy. Don't know. Rod wear the green dot. And again, the lines are really, really good. Their offense is a problem. Like this could be a game we turn on and the lines just do what the lines do and just dominate them from start to finish.


I just think this is one of those situations. The, the Colts have their back against the wall. They look at the playoff picture. They gotta win some of these games down the stretch. And it's a little bit of, if the lions keep blowing everyone out, like everyone's gonna be like, oh, well that's easy. Market is a win. Yeah. Minus seven and a half. The lions are my until further notice team. Yeah. But again, further notice they cover Against the Texans. I I'm going to assume that the Lions will beat anybody. That was like a historically bad game from Jared Goff too. Could happen. They still won. No hungry dog for this. No. I thought I could maybe get you enticed. No. Oh, you've been burnt by the cults with the hungry dog too. And the Lions like after last week, I, I got beyond burned past, so I'm just gonna stay away.


Think The Jaguars are really bad. Think you're gonna like the hungry Dog this week. Oh, Interesting. So bears Maybe. Definitely. Maybe. Definitely. Maybe, Definitely. Did you see everyone, all the lions or a couple of Lions players changing their Instagram avatar to Dan Campbell wearing the biggest pads ever in high school? No, it's Look it up. It's Look it up Max. It's the funniest picture. They are the biggest pads I've ever seen in my life. And I mean, Dan Campbell looked like a beast. There's a picture too of Dan Campbell from his basketball team in high school and he's justing the coaches. He's got his hands on the coach's shoulders in the teen picture. It is crazy that people used to play football in those pads as recently as like when we were Kids.


Yeah, there it is. The the one all the way in red. The one in red. Yeah. That's pretty good. That No, that one. Yeah. Look at those. Those were the biggest pads I've ever seen. That Looks like when Tom Brady would put that giant coat on, on the sidelines too cold outside And then click on the basketball picture. There's three kids underneath. Yeah. Yeah. He's like, inspector Gadget. Click on the basketball. Look at that. He's, this is a team basketball photo. He's just, he's just got his arms on both of the coaches' Shoulders. He's the coach. Yeah. Yeah. He's just been an alpha from day one. I love that. Yeah. I Love it. And he'll die for him. I again, I I could be foolish. I'm not, it's not like, Ooh, I think I see something wrong with the lions. The lions are just really fucking good. I just seven and a half is a lot of points. And maybe the colts can keep it Close until further notice.


I would be betting on the, on the lions, so they show me. Otherwise. It, it Also would be on brand for the Lions to do this the week after. Right. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm staying away. But it would like, Oh, you're starting to say the NFL makes no sense again. No, I'm just saying. It wouldn't, it would, it would be. It's fitting What you're saying. And I agree with, and if you're, if you've been watching the NFL for a very long time, you have to remind yourself this over and over and over and over and over again. You're never as good as you were last week. You're never as bad as you were last week. That's just how you have to look at every single game. What are you gonna do for Cols tickets? So Colts tickets, what should we do? Biting Maybe a, a Colts fan that can bite their own kneecap. What about a Colts fan who can show us a picture in the biggest pads they have? Old school, high school.


Yeah. Okay. I wanna see the biggest pads you can get if You're Yeah. If you're an Indianapolis Colts fan, you want to go to the game? We got two tickets for you. Just tag pardon my meme on x.com. The everything app. It's all happening on x tag memes and the one of the biggest shoulder pads. Get two tickets. Yeah, two tickets. Tag memes. And don't say anything about the jets. Do not, do You wanna say what you Said earlier? No, I don't wanna say that. Say it. I don't wanna say that. All right. Hank, you say it. I I was, I said something very mean to memes earlier. Very mean. I Just told memes. Like, if you think that all the stories about the jets have been humiliating. Just wait, there's more. There's more. The walls are bad. The walls not for me.


From the walls. Oh, the walls told Me means you're wearing a Russian hat today. You look good. You look crazy. It look like you're, you're in Fargo. You gonna put it was dump, it was dumping outside. Put a body in a wood chipper. Yeah, it's A part of my take hat. Yeah, we sell it. Oh yeah. Oh, I like that. Lemme see the flat. Is That the blue one? Oh yeah. Oh, that's a cool one. Those are nice. Those are nice. That's the guy that you see and you think to yourself like, I, I might be in danger. That's why I feel so bad about threatening him. Show the other Side. What, what? You haven't shown the Pardon My Take side. Oh. Oh, there we go. Oh, that is a cool hat. Good hat. Is it in the store still? Probably not. Okay. I want one of those. Yeah. So memes, the worst is yet to come.


There's just, there's gonna be more stuff. The worst is yet to come. The walls tell me it's not me. Okay. Next game. Vikings at Bears. Bears plus three and a half over under 39 and a half. I'm very nervous about this game. 'cause Brian Flores feels like he's gonna fuck shit Up. The good news is he's been blitzing less. Yeah, well The last couple weeks. Yeah, you got, I mean it's, you can't keep up blitzing forever because you, you eventually gotta get, you know, you run Into Home with four Russia in the wintertime will catch Up to you. Yes, yes. Exactly. But yeah, I'm, I'm nervous this game, I, the only thing I'm, I'm hoping for is it is Outdoor games. Sam. Darn. This is the third game in a row road game for the Vikings.


He's had a little bit of issues the last few weeks. So maybe the Bears Defense keeps him in the game. But then Justin Jefferson also scares Me. So this is a crazy stat. The Vikings have the best rush defense in the NFL. They're letting up 74.4 yards per game. That's the third Best of all time. You know what the other two teams are? The 1994 Vikings and the 2007 Vikings. Oh wow. It's just what the Vikings do every like, once every 10 years. They're Like Cicadas. They have an outstanding rush defense. Yeah. So I actually like DJ more this weekend though. 'cause they're past some might say yes, their rush defense is very good. They're, if you look at, not necessarily like yards per carry, but in terms of yards per game, teams just like to throw the ball against the Vikings.


Yeah. So their offenses are getting a higher percentage of their yards by passing the ball as opposed to rushing. So I feel like Caleb Williams continues to take that next step. Looks good. I like DJ Moore. I It could be good. This, this could be good. Stay outta the dumps. The, I I haven't been outta the dumps. Bears haven't really done anything super embarrassing this week. It's been a, it's been a few weeks since we've had like a clean week like that. The, I do feel Thomas Brown makes me feel a little more confident because if this was a game with Shane Waldron, I'd be like, Caleb Williams gonna get sacked 15 times and it's gonna look God awful. But the fact that he was able to get the ball out fast and they scheme guys open quick. Hopefully will help against the blitz.


Yeah. So Hungry dog Offensive line. Looking good. This Is in the Hungry dog. Oh yeah. That's a lot of pressure. Pat's our too spoiler. Oh Wow. All right. Wells Big, big Weekend. Let's do that game. Patriots of Dolphins. Dolphins minus seven and a half over under 46. Let me just, before you even start Please, You talk about the 14 point and how it looks and how 14 points in some situations is more or less than depending on what the score is. Correct. This seven and a half feels so much more getable than the cold. Seven and a Half. Okay. Because you have to assume that the lions would score like 35 points and so you need to score 28 points.


I'd agree with what you said. Yeah. Seven and a half feels like a lot. But then reverse it an gettable seven and a half is actually the bet you want to make. Maybe I am a sucker, but like a seven and a half that you look at and you say, oh, that's easy. Seven and a half. That's a, that's bad. So is, Is it Drake MA's pinpoint accuracy that's making you so amped up about the Patriots this weekend because you guys haven't beat the Dolphins in Miami since Tom Brady? No. And that's a good, that's a good, usually the, you know, with the Patriots, it's like all the trends reversing the Dolphins have always been like the boogeyman even when the, when Brady was there and the Patriots are good. So this is the trend weekend reverse in our favor. Got It. Got it. So you're the team that no one wants to play in that division?


I think so. You're dangerous. Yeah, you're the spoiler. You want a stat that will help you please. So from Sports Info Solutions on the season, the Patriots are fourth worst in success rate against five or more pass rushers. But since Streak May has taken over, they are the 12th best. So that's the Blitz and Miami, their defense is top five in success rate allowed when they bring the heat. So this is actually not a bad match. If Drake May is good against the blitz has improved this team overall against the Blitz with his feet. Yeah, I mean I I I'm not gonna probably not bet this game, but I would if I had to, I'd probably take the Patriots plus seven and a half.


I've also become a big, big graph guy. There's a lot of good graphs for Drake May. Yeah, Those are the graphs that I just mute. Yeah. Yeah, because I see, I see a graph that's bad and I just, it's go, I go, it's like making plays out of the pocket. And then Drake May is in the top right with like Lamar, Jackson, and Burrow. Right. Talking about the ones that have like the, the headshot of your quarterback, depending on where they are on the, This graph, they're the epa. There's like four quadrants. I Just click the not interested in this information button. Some of 'em are just too confusing for me. I Just, oh, I can't, I I don't think I'm reading I of 'em correctly. I just know where Bunch top right. The quarterbacks he's near. I'm like, I like this graph. This is A good graph. You wanna be in the top right And you never want to be just like completely by yourself no matter what quadrant you're in.


Yeah. 'cause it feels like something weird is about to Happen. We should start making graphs where the good part is bottom left. Just confuse people That would fuck you up. I Don't know how to make a graph, but if you could, So Hank week five, you remember this matchup. You remember who was starting a quarterback for each team? Nope. Jacoby Burett, Jacoby Burett and Snoop Huntley playing quarterback. The Dolphins win 1510. Which, which team do you think had the better upgrade? Bigger upgrade. Tyler Huntley to Tua or Jacoby. Brissett to Drake. May Tyler Huntley to Tua. Bigger upgrade. Jacoby was a fine, fine quarterback. Good guy. Fine, fine guy. What was the stat you had the other day?


It was like most inter passes about a interception or something Like fewest, like lowest interception rate. There also was a Thursday night football game where you guys said is is Jacob, is Jacobi Brit the guy? Yeah. I'll never forget that. And we started off the show Browns Today is blah blah blah. Yeah, it makes sense. Jacoby Pert may be The guy. Well, we asked a question. That's what we do with National Sports Podcast. We ask the questions, Ask question, We start the discussions. The answer to that was no. Which by the way, congratulations to us for nailing that. I also think at the start of the year, I said, Jacoby pert will get you seven wins. You said Seven or eight wins. And then I looked it up and it was like, ooh. Yeah. So I, I don't think he Ever has done that. I still do have that future that I haven't cashed out of yet. Lingering their Patriots over five and a half wins this season That hey, they could win a couple more games.


Jacobi Brit is exactly what we, what we should have said. Am he all that but said he can contribute To N nfl. Snoop Huntley, no offense. Yeah, no, no. Jacobi Burett is great for a spot start. What did you say? Both maybe Two. No offense or no offense. Both. Both Apply. Hey, I mean, Tyler Huntley almost won a playoff game in Cincinnati. Tyler Huntley pro bowler. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. When like everyone dropped out. You remember that Covid? No. It was like two years ago, three years ago. Tyler Huntley made the Pro Bowl. Oh, We should do that. Set a reminder Hank, let's say July 3rd week of July. Let's make the worst Pro Bowl team ever. Okay.


Because like, these are ridiculous. Like, you know, Mitch made it Pro Bowl, Mac Jones made it Pro Bowl. We should make the worst Pro Bowl team ever. Okay. So Tyler Huntley, this was the 2022 season. He made the Pro Bowl in which he started four games and he passed for 658 yards with two touchdowns. And just every other player was like, no thank you. Yeah. That, I mean that's Hey pro. That gives me hope that one day I could make a Pro Bowl. Yeah. Enough people say no. Okay, so Hank, you feel good about this game? Yeah, I'm excited for it. Good. I'm happy you're excited. Winning Miami. Beat The Dolphins. Run the table. Yfs. Maybe the, I mean the, the Dolphins need to win this game for our Thanksgiving sake.


So Thanksgiving is bears lions, which should be a disaster. Giants cowboys, which is gross. And then packers, dolphins at night. If the Dolphins are playing for something, that will be an interesting game. If the Dolphins are not, it's gonna be like, dammit, what just happened? Yeah, I think they could, I think they could be playing for something. Well Yeah, they gotta win this game. Yeah. Again, haven't won in Miami since Tom Brady. So it's a tall order. Big time order. Big time order. Alright, next up Cowboys a commanders. Commanders minus 10 and a half over under 45 and a half. PFT. You gotta demolish Them.


Gotta crush 'em. Gotta, it's Anything less than a crushing is bad. Here's why I like it. Well obviously the Cowboys have not been great recently. Their defense is bad. It seems like Dan Quinn took not only himself out of Dallas's defensive equation, but also he brought a lot of guys from Dallas that followed him to D to dc. I feel like they're gonna be more into the whole revenge thing than the Cowboys. The rest of their defense being like, oh fuck these guys. You know? Yeah. I wanna see, I wanna see 30 points on offense. I wanna see under 20 points on defense then I'll be very, very happy. Yeah, you the Cowboys are on quit watch. Officially quit watch.


They have tray lance packages, which you gotta be worried about. Very Worried. I'm actually, I'm happy that Trey Lance isn't starting just because you don't know what you're gonna get with Trey Lance. It's true. Yeah. You know what you're gonna get with Cooper Rush. I also think that the commanders like Jayden Daniels feels like he's finally healthy because he practiced full week practice, got a little mini by. You gotta kill. At What point should I start to be concerned if Latimore is not playing? Ooh, good question. Because I saw that he was, he didn't practice on Wednesday. He was doing like sideline drills on Thursday. I, I'm very excited to get Marshawn Latimore into that, into the secondary. I'm excited to see what changes he can bring to the defense. 'cause we need another cornerback big time.


And I've, I feel like I've been very reserved being like, it's fine. He's gonna be healthy. He's gonna be great When he healthy, when he is healthy. At what point should I start to be like, did we get fleeced after this game? 'cause in theory, this is a, doesn't matter if you have him or not and you need him for the playoff run. Yeah. Mini by Commanders come coming off of mini bi. Haven't had our bye week yet. We've got a a bye week in December, which is fucking insane. It's crazy to wait this long. So, I don't know. I feel like, I feel like this should be a game where the commanders come out and and beat the fuck outta the Cowboys. You have to beat the, I want The Cowboys that hate me. You Have to beat the fuck outta the Cowboys. And what stinks is I, I want these rivalries against the NFC East that hasn't given a shit about the commanders over the last 25, 30 years.


Yeah. But this is not even the year that I can reignite the rivalry with the Cowboys. 'cause I feel like the Cowboys have just straight up given up on season. Yeah. They stink. And their offensive line is a mess. I think they've got three three subs coming in this week. Yeah. Eagles Fans are obviously rooting for the Cowboys, right? Yeah, yeah, for sure. Have to Have to. Yeah. Rent free. Rent free Max. Rent free. Maxie, Maxie. I mean that's just math Dingdong. That's just math By the way. The Commanders and Cowboys, they don't, they're the opposite of the Steelers and the Ravens since the beginning of 2019. They've played each other 10 times with nine of those 10 meetings having a final margin of 10 points or more and eight of 10 mar with a margin of 15 plus points.


Yep. So this is not the Ravens sealers. So even though it's a big spread, it's okay. And I do like, there's been some good vibes shifting in DC this week. So we're trying to build a new stadium because our current stadium falls apart on opponents and leaks sewage. So we're trying to get a new stadium in the next five years and something passed through the Senate this week saying that the DC city council can now lend out the RFK junior, or excuse me, the RFK Senior stadium to the commanders if they want to. Oh, so they'll use that temporarily, Which no. Oh. So it would be like a 50 or a hundred year lease. Oh, got it. Got it. Got that They would give to, to Josh Harris to build a new stadium there. Got it. And having a stadium that's in the city is gonna be so fucking Awesome.


Yeah, that'd be awesome. Yeah. Okay. The second that Dan Snyder sold the team, the Senate and the DC city council said we're open to negotiate now. They just sense said we're, we don't want, we don't want the stink of you inside of our city, but he gets out now. They're Cool with it. We are tired of dealing with that asshole. Yes. Bucks at Giants. Giants plus six over under 41. I feel very bad for Drew Locke. Yeah. What, what's going on with Drew Locke? What? Did he do something bad to Brian Dbol? I don't know, but his press conference where he was like, yeah, they brought me in as QB two and I guess I'm still QB two doesn't make sense to me because the Daniel Jones sitting makes sense. You don't want have to pay this guy more than you've already paid him.


It's over. But Drew Locke was the number two and then you're saying no, actually it's Tommy DeVito who's gonna be the quarterback. And they were kind of like, do, it is just weird. I feel bad for Drew Locke. He looks really sad when he had his press conference or he was talking to the media. And then there's also like weird things coming out from all the teammates. Dexter Lawrence said talking about Daniel Jones, he's the QB one to me. He's the best quarterback on the team. And then there was a report, one offensive player said, we're not idiots. They did it because of money. So be it. But Daniel has been all class never complained is now being completely disregarded. The team record is bad. You can't point fingers everywhere to try to blame him, his trash and making him third string as weak as fuck.


So yeah, it feels like there's, and then there was a real quick cleanup that Dexter Lawrence said that he talked to Dbol and Dbol hasn't lost the locker room. Which if, you know, we have a theory and it's I think proven true. If you have to say someone hasn't lost the locker room, that means they've lost a locker Room. Yeah. So real quick point of clarification there. Daniel Jones is not the third string quarterback. Yeah. He's the fourth string quarterback now. Yeah. So they signed Tim Boyle. Yeah. That was the player just saying it's bullshit. He's third. Yeah. So he's, he's now fourth, which is, it's crazy, but I understand it. If you're gonna bench him then you don't want him coming into the game and getting injured. I get that. But what doesn't make any sense to me. And I like Tommy DeVito.


He was fun for a couple games last season. Drew Locke is a Spark quarterback. Yeah. He's the guy that will go in there and he'll just try to force the ball into any tight window. Make some awesome throws, some really boneheaded mistakes too. But he's like the definition, if he has a good day, he's the definition of a good spark quarterback. And they just pass that up for Tommy DeVito. I don't know why. I think they're trying to lose, Are they trying to sell tickets? I think they're trying to lose Get The Italians maybe. But the, they're, I mean you could just get Grizzler to come to the game. That's true. I think they're trying to lose and try to tank for a quarterback. Yeah. Which Would make sense. Also, I like the bucks regardless of who they're playing this week because they're getting Mike Evans back. Correct. And they've been playing everybody really tough and they've had a hard schedule recently.


Yep. And they've been competing really, really well against some very good football teams. Yeah. And so now this, this to me feels like the, the bucks like finally being able to be a, a competent all around offensive football team. And I feel bad for whichever team they were gonna play this week. It will be interesting. Tristan Ws is a Gametime decision that will be big. Because the one thing with the Giants, and they still have it, is the, is their defensive line is very good. So Baker under Pressure, not my favorite Baker, but I I agree with you. I, Mike Evans coming back's got a for Baker. It's gotta be like, this is incredible. Yeah. I could now have a guy who's super tall and gets open all the time. Also, we should mention that Daniel Jones, he hasn't been completely cut out of the practice.


He's getting reps at scout teams team safety. Ugh. So the old Mac Jones, that's gotta be, that's gotta be a very sad, I feel Bad. I, I, you know what? I don't feel, I feel bad for Drew Locke. Drew Locke's the only one I feel bad for. Daniel Jones made a ton of money and has been bad for six years and he, he should just be happy. He's gonna live an awesome life doing whatever he's doing. I feel like He's, he is the rare first round draft pick that could slide seamlessly into being a, a number two quarterback for a long time. Yeah. But he's a, Daniel Jordan's gonna have an awesome life. He's probably gonna have like super athletic kids. One of them's gonna be a better quarterback than him. Yeah. He's gonna have hundreds of millions of dollars to just hang out, get a hot wife, he's gonna be fine. Drew Locke, like he doesn't have a lot of chances.


If he's not gonna get a chance here, where's his next chance? I Like that take because you're doing the, the same thing that the Giants did with Drew Locke, or excuse me, with Daniel Jones. But you're saying like, just give Daniel Jones children sometime. Yeah. His kids Will develop. Yeah, exactly. He will. He, I mean he came remember on draft night Yeah. Came from a very athletic family. Yeah. So let, let's sign his kids to a future Contract. Yeah. Okay. Chiefs at Panthers. Panthers plus 11 over under 43. Hank, do you want to? Nope. Oh boo. This is the NFL makes sense game. Maybe if the Chiefs had won, but I had the Chiefs. No, yeah. No, I'm not getting burned by the Chiefs twice in two weeks.


I mean, in their last one the chiefs are ing one, the Panthers are one and Oh Yeah. And the Chiefs need to bounce back and this is the perfect team to bounce back against. Yeah. Isaiah Pacheco, Possibly back. Patrick Holmes is oh three and one as a road favor to double digits. Does that make it a little interesting? Oh, three and one against the spread. Against The spread. No. Okay. How about this? The two, because it's Hunger Dog, The two are one and four against the spread in their last five games. You don't make money betting against the Chiefs Feeling back. I just said the Chiefs are one in four against the spread in the last five Games. So you actually literally do, you'll Be swimming in money.


We're Talking hungry dog. You'll be rich. My mind only thinks, I think the Panthers might stick around in this game a little bit. A little bit. Not a full bit. I'm saying Like a quarter, like a Jaguars Down six and A half. Oh, okay. Yeah. Up three. Nothing. Oh, Jaguars up. Nothing. Could be up three, nothing. 10 minutes in Jaguars had the lead, But they, they will not win this game. It would be crazy. It would be, what would we think of the Chiefs if they lose to the Panthers on Monday? I Well if you're looking ahead to Future takes, this is the game where if the Chiefs lose, then you'll start to get people saying, I don't think that the Chiefs can win Super Bowl. Yeah. They've got real problems. So Maybe the Chiefs want to lose this Game. They might want to.


They might. They're not enough desire. Yeah. Not enough. People are saying that the Chiefs can't win the Super Bowl this year. Like the Chiefs right now, they're, they're going, they've gone through a little adversity. They've had some bad injuries. There's an FBI memo that got sent out to all professional athletes saying, watch out. There's a South American gang that's robbing your houses when you're gone because Mahomes place got broken into Kelsey's place, got broken Into shit And this is a away game. So they might be thinking about, oh shit, lemme just check my ring cam real quick. But if you're looking for the media to start doing the thing that they do every single year, which is saying the chiefs, this team isn't good enough to win the Super Bowl again, this would be a game that you would want to lose. So, or even I could even see them maybe winning it with like a last second field goal with their backup kicker.


Yeah. And that, and then be like, well they won, but they're not looking good. Yeah. And then they'll win three Super Bowls In a row. Harrison Bucker not kicking. I wasn't he hurt? Wasn't he hurt last week? He Was hurt last week. I just don't know when he's Coming back. I, yeah, he went on ir. Okay. So yeah, he's out. So yeah, that's maybe the, maybe that's the story is like, oh, the Chiefs found another kicker. Yeah. Or Kelsey kicks the game winning field Goal. Harrison Bunker's at home with a shotgun right now. Yeah. Not my house. No. Yeah, he's, he's protecting the land. Okay. Last early game. Like I said, it's not, not the, do you guys think, what do you think for, for Sounders? Should we just test out a couple games?


I Commanders Commander, that's a 10 and a half point spread. That's the biggest spread of the week. It's The A team though. And it's the Commanders. Okay. Well is it the a It's Greg, right? I feel like that's Greg or is it Tom Brady? Tom Brady's the A Team. Yeah, but which which one? What you said. Oh, I was just going off. Greg is my A team. I was going off what you said. No, no, that's, yeah, I don't know. Maybe we'll do, maybe we should do a blind poll when everyone gets in. Yeah. I mean, I mean I'd be Down Bears are in the Hungry Dog. I'd be down for Vikings Bears too. I don't wanna subject people to that. I want just a good game. I think that, I think Vikings Bears will be a good game. It is a low spread. Yeah. I just want a good game on tv. Maybe we just play TV roulette and it's like, if this game stinks, we're just gonna change.


Or we just put the, the four box in the middle. Nah, I don't like the four Box. You don't get the high definition. High definition. We'll start with one game and then we'll maybe, we'll, we'll set limitations. Like, hey, if there's not a touchdown in this game, we're changing it. You know what's so weird is to go back and watch games from like 2002, 2003 when HD was coming out. Villanova, Maryland at 12. Oh Oh yeah, we can put that on sound. The the HD back then is not hd. No. At all. It looks like you're looking at a magic eye poster or it's, it's fucked Up. No. Watching games back in the day when there was no Yellow line too. Oh, How'd we ever do it? Or there would, I was watching a Florida State Notre Dame game from the early nineties the other day and it was, there was no score on the, on the screen. You just had to guess. Yeah. How's that happen? They just pop it up every like five minutes.


When did the line, I always remember the line. When did the line become, the Line came around like Do you remember a time before the line? No. It's like probably late nineties, Early two thousands maybe. I Do remember the SD to HD switch and like even just going, it was used to be so cool to be like, wow, let's switch to hd. Holy shit. Yeah, because They had both channels. Yeah. So you could like last it with the HD and the standard D and be like, oh my God, the HD is so much better. Yeah. And you just see it in real time. There were so many people that when they made that switch you realized this, this face was not meant for hd. 1998 was the first yellow line. September 27th, 1998. Ravens at Bengals.


That was three. Yeah. So you don't remember the life before the yellow line. Yeah. My age two season. I guess I Was off. You just had to guess. You had to kind of guess. That's stinks. And they would literally not put like the score and the time. They would just put it up every now and then down in distance. Just kind of have to keep it in your head a lot. At the best Part of every game around this time of year is when they'd come back in from commercial and they'd have the Thanksgiving score bug up. Yeah. Or the autumn score bug You The pop. Yeah. The cornucopia. Yeah. Reminding you what season it is. Yeah. Okay. Titans at Texans. Texans minus eight over under is 40 and a half. Hank I, I like a lot of bad teams this week.


You love the Titans. I'm not gonna do it. I do. I do like their defense and they, and I, I'm still like leery of the Texans. Here's a fun fact though from Brett Coleman. So this is why I'm not gonna bet the titans. The Titans have punted 48 times this year, sixth most. And the average return against them on those punts is 17.3 yards. Their average net is only 37.4 yards as a high punt volume team. That overall loss of average yard field position per drive is staggering. That's 30. So 37.4 net on every punt is insane. Yeah. It's pretty crazy For a team that punts that much. Did you guys see Danielle Hunter did a Euro step move?


Yeah. That was so sick. How do you, how do you guard against the Y? They're doing Euro steps on the, on the pass rush Euro Steps with spin moves put into it. So sick. They're traveling. Yeah. They never called traveling anymore. So sick. The Titans kind of a, well they are like one of the biggest bummer teams right now to watch. Will Levis had a very bummer quote. I think he was trying to make a joke about it, but he said that he feels good since coming back from the injury. He hasn't thrown as many chest passes in games since he's been back. So that means that his arm's doing better. Okay. Because Will Levi, the knock on him this year, he's throwing like the craziest interceptions. Doy DOYs. The Doy Doy plays, but he, I don't think he's one of the top interception getters in the league.


Right. Like if you look at just the stats, but the ones that he makes have, they've got exclamation points on it. He might be pretty high Up there. Let's see where he is at. Jordan Love is pretty high up there. Will Levi? Oh, oh know, you're right. He's good. He's, yeah, he's, he's got, there's eight. He missed a couple games. He got eight. He's 70. Gino Smith, Jordan Love and Patrick Mahomes. No, that's reverse. I think it's, I don't know why it's, he's Like fifth. He is eight and seven games. The leader has 11 and 10 Games. Yeah. He's tied for like, So it's like interceptions per game. His rate's up there. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. But the ones that he does throw are way more memorable. Yeah. But yes, they're, they leave an impact. He throws great interceptions.


Yeah. To Watch Jordan Love is that Jordan Love has 11 and eight. Yeah. So that's for sure The later quite something. Okay. Afternoon games. They're Not gonna be wearing the, the Houston Oilers throwback Charlie, Are they? I don't think so. Can you look that up, max? That, that's actually very important to know. That Will make a difference if they make, if they wear the Oilers jerseys in Houston. I just think this might be the week that something crazy happens. And I've been saying that for college too. I'm probably so stupid. It's probably gonna be all favorites and I'm gonna look like an idiot. I just think we're gonna have, I think we're gonna have a weird couple weird outcomes this week and be like, fuck, how did that happen? Max? Look up Titans uniforms. 'cause they have the rights to the uniforms, not the Texans. I feel like this would be provoking the city of Houston.


If they wear the Oilers uniforms here. I'm not seeing anything about it. Okay. I feel like it would be talked about if that were the case. Yep. It would be talked about. Yeah. Okay. Broncos. Raiders, Broncos minus six over unders 41 and a half. Or sorry, 41. Did you guys see the power ranking of NFL animal teams? Who would win in a fight? It's pretty good. It's Gotta be the line, right? It had grizzly bear one for the bears. Just pat The patriot at a musket. No, it's just animals. So it's, I guess a human is an animal. We learned that Mount Rushmore season, it was bears one Bengals, two lions, three Jaguars, four panthers, five Bronco wild horse six Ram seven.


And then Cols Eagles Falcons and it's all the birds. And then dolphin last. You Got dolphin last. I Think that's about Do dude a dolphin. It depends on if this is a home game or an away game. Yeah. If it was a bird playing in the ocean, the dolphin crushes him. I think the only thing I really, I feel like a ram would be a wild horse, but maybe I'm, maybe not er, but I mean a bear would probably beat up a, A tie. I mean, just by you think the Size now do we know that the Chicago bears are grizzly bears? I don't know specifically what type of bears is It black bear? That's an issue. There's Also, none of these mascots are beating lightning. So What? The chargers. The chargers. Like No. No. Animal could defeat lightning. Yeah. What about defeating a year?


The 49 ERs? How many? I thought that was a so another. So I mean, Vikings would probably beat all of these, right? Wait, you think miners like children? No. Like gold miners? No. It's the year. How many bears died in the year? 1849. I, I'd imagine a lot. But how many people died? A lot. A lot. A lot of people. A lot people. Yeah. I don't know. This is just kind of fun. Yeah. I guess. And the Seahawk makes No, because there's no such thing as a Seahawk. Yeah. That should automatically be 14. It's a figment bird. Yeah. Team is named after the prospectors. So you know, Hank's kind of right.


Maybe after the prospectors who went out there in the 1849 gold rush. So those people, they probably got be eaten by bears Or are they, are they killed bears to eat? They did a big hunt. Yeah. Where? Where's buffalo? Yeah. Where's Buffalo Bills? I don't know. Yeah. I feel like a buffalo. Buffalo might take out bears. Yeah. I don't know. The buffalo would not take down a bear. I think it would. What? You know how Big buffaloes are? Buffaloes are huge. Buffalos are, you have no idea of the, that you're telling on yourself for not every single buffalo, But a buffalo doesn't. What are they gonna do? Just try to eat 'em. They've got horns. Yeah. And a bear has claws. A buffalo Runs directly at a bear downhill behind its pads.


Steam rolls. How big is a buffalo? 1300 pounds. How big is a grizzly bear? Probably bigger. 300. 350 more. Wait. Right? It says, it says right there, grizzly bears prefer to hunt large adult bison. The Bear likely loses to the buffalo. Very large males can weigh 2000 pounds far beyond the weight. Wait it But griz. That's not grizzly bear. A grizzly bear hunts bison for food. That's what they do. That's, that's The ai. But you're also just Being given grizzly bears. It's not, well, yeah, It took grizzly bears. It's not like you're the Memphis Grizzlies. You could've, you could been the Chicago Grizzlies.


I don't think, I don't, I think a bear would beat a bison. Bison are also like, they, they just kind of sit around. They don't do Anything. It says adult female bisons can wear wait and they're, it Says Wolfs can kill gr bison. Well, yeah. If Yous can also kill bears. 14 wolves. Yeah. Bears can kill wolves. I don't, I ain't seen a bison do anything crazy. Dude. A bison. They Kill. You've seen a bison do something crazy. Yeah. B, that's why they put up the signs in Yellowstone. 'cause every year bison run over Japanese tourists. Yeah. I mean humans, well, humans would lose. It will. Not me. I'm built different. I'd beat all these animals, but that's just me. This is from Quora. They're never wrong. This person says that personally. I feel like the buffalo would defeat the bear.


Oh, Okay. So there we go. Personally, they've Got sharp, deadly horns. The horns could easily stab a wolf and also a grizzly bear. The horns would likely get through the fat. Should we watch this whole minute 30 video Called Gly bear versus American NFL Preview Animal A versus animal B? Who would win today? We pit the powerful grizzly bear against the formidable American bison. Both titans of North America. They boast impressive physical attributes and unique abilities. The grizzly bear weighing up to 600 pounds and standing seven feet tall on its hind legs is a ferocious predator known for its incredible strength and endurance.


With a bite force of 1200 PSI and claws up to four inches long, it can tackle large prey and defend itself effectively. Grizzlies are also agile, capable of running up to 35 miles per hour and possess sharp senses of smell and hearing. Mm. On the other hand, the American look at that motherfucker, north America's largest land mammal can weigh over 2000 pounds and stand six feet tall at the shoulder. Its sheer size and muscular build make it a formidable opponent. Bison are known for their speed, able to run at 40 miles per hour faster Too. And their Thick curved horns, which can grow up to two feet long are lethal weapons. They roam in herds, displaying complex social behavior and utilizing their strength to fend off predators.


In a hypothetical confrontation, the grizzly bears agility and predatory skills would offer a significant advantage. Hmm. However, the bison's size, speed, and horn defense are not to be underestimated. Ultimately, the grizzly bears versatility and relentless attack strategy might edge out a narrow victory. Thank you. But it would be a hard fought battle. That's fine. Animal Ave Never said it be easy. This person's full of shit. Yeah. Shut Flash of the beast also. No, I think that, I think we just have To go off top. Yeah, we have to go off that also to to point, point of order. The bears, the, the face bear logo is a grizzly bear. Like that's a grizzly bears face. And technically the buffalo bills are not named after buffaloes or bison.


They're named after Buffalo bill. A frontiersman With a gun. With a gun That probably hunted bears. Yeah. So that's probably why they didn't put a bison on There. Okay. That's that's a fair point to make. Yeah. I just, I feel like the bisons on, you know what nature, I mean that guy just told us he, he did a whole video of it. Well, how you gotta respect the, well the outcome. I've always a good fight. Nature. It's a very good fight. Makes No sense. So I'm gonna take the underdog. It was a good fight. Hard fought fight. Probably got hurt along the way. But winner grizzly bear. Fade The bear after the fight against the buffalo. That's fine. Yeah. Seahawk could come clean it up. Yep. Yeah. Alright. So Broncos Raiders, I forgot that's what game we were talking about with this.


Gimme the Broncos. Okay. Yeah. Bron, the Raiders offensively. Just get the ball to Brock Bowers continue to do that. Yeah. Defensively. I don't know what the fuck they're doing. Yeah, the, the Broncos have the third best O line. The Raiders have the 26th best pass rush. That feels like a bad matchup. And then on the other side, the Raiders have the 25th best offensive line and the Broncos have the second best D-line. So that feels like a bad matchup. Yeah. Shout out to the Raiders offense last week by the way, because they kept it close. It was very close into the fourth quarter and Miami never had to punt the entire time. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean the Raiders are gonna get their ass kicked. Yeah. Yeah. But we'll monitor Shado Sanders Twitter feed.


Yes. That will be very important. That'll probably be the most important part of this game. Yep. Okay. 49 ERs at Packers. Packers minus one and a half over under 47 and a half. Jordan Love has been intercepted in each of his last in his first eight starts. First time that's happened since Case Keenum in 2018. Hmm. Huh? Hmm hmm. This is also the first time this season that the 49 ERs are underdogs. Which is kind of crazy. Yeah. There were six and a half point favorites last week. Lost outright you too much time on the clock for Gino Smith. Too much time on the clock for Gino Smith. Do you think this is a Robert Sala revenge game even though he left the 49 ERs willingly?


Is he still an active member of the Packers coaching staff? He Is. He actually was credited with installing one of the deep shots to Christian Watson against the Barrys. So yes, I do think that has something to do with it. Yeah, He, it seems like he's doing a pretty good job. But I also don't know how much of a revenge factor it is because the guy that they had take over for SL when he left was that, was Ryan's right after him? I think it was Ryan's, yeah. Was Ryan Ryan's first, then Steve Wilkes. Then when Steve Wilkes took over, the defense hasn't been as good but yeah. What the hell, I'm gonna count this as revenge. I'll throw this out there. There's been shared all over Packer Twitter. I've been tagged in it a bunch. It's one of those side, side by side 2010 packers, 2024 packers.


And it's like similarities. Started the season at Philadelphia. Regressing QB playing the first half after Aaron Rogers or Jordan Love made their first playoff appearance goes down the list six and three at the bi week. Did not win division succeed. The current packers are currently the Succeed won Super Bowl exactly 14 years prior. So all the signs are saying the Packers are gonna win the Super Bowl. Okay. I don't like those thoughts. Do we have a moon, A moon stat about 'em? This is the time of year when you get the moon stats Going. Yeah, I don't like those. Did you see Matt LA's quote too about praising Rasheed Walker's performance? He said, I don't wanna pat you on the butt and get poop on my hands. That's good. Good quote.


That's A good quote. Although Dan Campbell would do that. Yeah. Not you to get your hands dirty. Yeah. Right. Do you see what Terrell Owen said about Deebo? No. This is a great quote from Terrell Owens. And bear in mind it's Terrell Owen. Literally Terrell Owen said this, Deebo is not playing up to Deebo standards. Deebo seems like he's more focused on his pre-game attire than he actually is the game. If we can shift that focus, maybe we can energize and create some more production from an offensive standpoint. Oh, LL Owens said that Deebo is too concerned with off the field stuff. Okay. And he needs to focus on his playbook. Trell Owens. What we all turn into the old man take. Yeah. At some point. Yeah. Teo says it. That's exactly right. Kiddo's gonna play love that.


He's a Bears fan still at heart. He's like, I'm playing the Packers. I'm gonna play the Packers. There's also some weird like 49 ERs fans being like maybe Shanahan, it's the end if they don't get to the playoffs this year. Which please, How many teams? How many teams right now? I mean, I would let Mike Shanahan be the GM and Kyle Shanahan could be the coach. If it was a guarantee. Oh my Gosh. That your team could get Kyle Shanahan's head coach next year. How many teams would fire their coach? I think it's half. I think more, Probably more. But like I'm just saying half. Just like if you just hired someone and you're like, oh, he is kind of doing okay. But a lot.


Yeah, a lot. A lot. A lot. Yeah. I mean it would be crazy if they, I don't think it's gonna happen, but it'd be crazy. It Would be nuts. I don't think that crazy. I don't think it'll happen either. Yeah. This is also a battle between two bad red zone teams. Packers are like 47% scoring touchdowns in the red zone. And the, and the Niners have struggled, but they have Chris McCaffrey back. Now. I like the Niners, but that's just because I see these two teams that I picked the Niners. I don't Know if Brock hurt because some of the stats you could point to from last week especially might suggest that. So he didn't throw the ball beyond 20 yards at all. And he only had six passes that went from 10 to 19 yards. I don't, so nine.


So 19 targets were less than 10 yards. So I don't think he's hurt. I think one, obviously kiddo was out and that helps a lot in the passing game is like another dude that you have to worry about. I also think Deebo has taken a little step back without people maybe fully realizing and then, you know, Brandon Ike's not there. So it's not that Brock Purdy's hurt, it's that everyone else is a little worse, But they're not going downfield. That's the thing. Yeah. But that's because like Deebo is not able to get open. George Kettle's not able to take pressure away from Deebo. Like I think that's it. All, all the parts mixed together. I think they'll look better with Kittle on the field. You're Probably right. Yeah.


Okay. Last afternoon Game Cardinals. It's Seahawks. I'm ready to fully believe in the Cardinals. You gonna crown their asses? I might crown their asses. Crown their ass. Big Cat. I don't know. I, I, listen, I I I probably won't bet this game because I can never, you never know what Seahawks you're gonna get. They are the ultimate trick or treat team. Could it be Gino looking incredible or could it be Gino running after Snaps that get thrown over his head and getting safeties and that shit? I just know the Cardinals feel like a very sound football team through and through off the bye week. They see it. Their eyes are there. They have the NFC West. If they could, if they could string together some more wins, especially in the division, they're undefeated in the division right now.


I, yeah. I I like the Cardinals. This one would be very good for the Cardinals to win. Put 'em two games up over the Seahawks. Yeah. And so they'd have, you know, know not only the advantage and wins, it'd have the Tiebreakers all locked up. And you would think that, I mean, maybe it won't, but between the 49 ERs and Rams both playing good teams, one of them might lose. Yeah. Or both. So it could, like, there could be a world where the Cardinals win this game. The 49 ERs lose to the Packers. The Rams lose to the Eagles. And you, you're like, holy shit. The Cardinals are really in the driver's. Are We about to see the unlocking of Marvin Harrison Jr. Maybe. Are we gonna unlock 'em for the second half of the season? And now that I said all that, I I agree. I think maybe we're gonna unlock 'em. We should. But Just playing out that Cardinals up by like two games.


No, they, the NFC West is the Big 12. You Don't see that happening? No. Everyone's going to like, it's gonna, whatever happens, it's gonna get it so that everyone's tied. It's gonna make it so that the Rams somehow pull it out and change the last week Of the season. Yeah. They're all gonna be tied somehow. Hank, what is the rest of the hungry dog? You didn't tell us. It is the Raiders paths Bears. Wow. That's our Raiders. Raiders. The Raiders. The Raiders. Explain that to me. 'cause we kind of glossed over the Broncos Raiders with talk of grizzly bears in Buffalo. So I think, I think we did a good job on that preview. Walk me through that one though, Hank Everyone. Is Bo leaving?


Okay. So you're betting against us. No, I'm betting against myself too. I've been, I've been, I've been bow leaving before you guys were I've been on the, on the bow train for, for three straight weeks. Okay. So you think that just too many people like Bo Nicks right now, you and Sean Peyton, both Sean Peyton's now having to like Dere recruit Bo Nicks a little bit. 'cause he loved gassing up him up when he was shitty. But now that everybody loves him, he's having to be like, let's pump the brakes on Bo. Okay. He hasn't really done anything yet. You're also being mean. When I had Broncos money line against the Chiefs. Were you being mean? I I had the Broncos money line too. I don't know. What does that mean mean Hank can't exist. Max. What does that even mean? That That's a true Hank Can't exist.


How what I didn't know was mean. I think you just called it that they were gonna miss the field goal. That That said known Ball. I know. Yeah. That was, that wasn't, he knows Ball. I wanted them to make it. It's too Bad. You don't know Ball. I, I, I realized that as I was saying it. I just remember saying, fuck you Hank and it and it, and I thought it was trolling. That's like, I also had the bears that would concern against the Packers. And it was the same feeling. It's like they're gonna miss this. That, That One I knew they were gonna miss because I needed it for the over. Right. The fuck you Hank feeling is like 50% of all of our memories. Yeah. Because Sitting in the gambling ca you know what like Hank is, Hank is right a lot. Yeah. And when he is and when he is right about something that you're personally invested in, then it, it does feel personal.


Yeah. But you have to separate that from Oh no, no you don't. Okay. You don't have to separate. You actually have to make it even more personal. Two things Can be true. He's a piece of shit. And also he's Right. Yeah. And when he is right, make sure that you make it as personal as possible. Yeah. I think maybe I just didn't want you to say it out loud because I think that I was thinking it too, but you were like, this is Chief's magic. This is Chief's Black Magic. And I was like, shut up. Shut up. And he was right and he was right and he was and that's why, and that's why I was mad. Yeah. Okay. Last game. Eagles at Rams. Rams plus two and a half over under 49. Question for Hank and PFT. How much of the disaster of the Sixers?


Yeah. A lot impacts the Eagles. A lot. A lot. Zero. I think it all, it all crosses over. I think it's, yeah. You can't have one without the other because they feel bummed out. Yeah. Like they're driving into work. They're, they want to be going into a, a day at the facility coming off the high of a 76 ERs win. Instead you've got Joel MBI flopping on free throws that's gonna bleed over into the game. Yeah. I wasn't, You're gonna see the, it was A question. He does that all the time when he mi like if he thinks he's missing a free throw, he reacts if he, if he has it come weird off of his hand, he throws his hands up because he feels like he missed a free throw. And he's mad that he missed a free throw. But did, Did the free throw Go in guy? He's in. I don't know. I didn't even to say the Yeah, it Did. So he thought that He missed it and won. Yeah. He got one on a free throw.


He So that's even worse. Oh, you've never shut a free throw and, and been like, oh, that's a miss. And it actually goes in. No. 'cause you're, when you're in the zone, you know it's gonna lie. The second lose answer, that's Also worse. He's not in the zone. He wasn't correct. When Someone says, I actually had a good game last night. When someone Says short and then it's a swish, that's the worst. Yeah. Correct. I I don't think it was a swish. Actually. I have no idea. I only saw the clip. I don't think that the Sixers affect the Eagles. I think if the Eagles lose this game, then the hate towards the Sixers, it's gonna be amplified by a thousand like that. The, it's more that the Eagles, if they lose on Sunday, then it's bad news for the Sixers for the next Week. Ooh. Assess That makes no sense. 'cause the Eagles are No, that Makes Philly fans are gonna be mad.


Makes Perfect's like Philly fans. Like the Eagles look so good right now. And Philly fans not are so mad at the Sixers. The Good thing they have going for even matter is the Eagles right now. So if Eagle, Yeah, they're gonna yell, Then they're gonna take their frustration out at The kid. They don't like Have to say they're gonna come home smelling like gin and they're gonna throw shit at Tyree Maxey. We should talk about the elephant in the room. Max. If The Eagles lose, then no one will care about the Sixers. Because the only thing that they will care about is the Eagles. Nick nurse is obsessed with elephants. I went, fact did more research day one. He swayed me Day one when he got the Raptors job, he had them draw a giant elephant on the whiteboard and be like, say hi to the elephant. I want everyone in the room to say hi to the elephant because we need to address the elephant in the room. Yeah. He's obsessed with Elephant. He swayed me.


That's actually insane. It's Crazy. PFT he gave me the facts after is like, yeah, Apologize to Raptor reports. I don't give a fuck. I will not be apologizing to anyone. Okay. And it makes no sense. And also if the coach says Elephant in the room, and that's like jargon, locker room jargon, wouldn't that jargon pass off to any of the players in the room also? Wait, so you're saying because Ooh, he's got a good point screen. Oh, you're saying because Slow screen, because he says it so much, it's actually more likely that it came from somebody else. Like A player knows that they could say, I'll say Elephant in the room And that will get, get him off My trail. Well, And it's just saying The word no, just say, if you just say things enough in a locker room, it becomes everyone's, Everyone says it factor Fisher At, at that point I would say that Nick nurse would be using the term elephant so much that that would be a distraction.


Like if the players are smart enough to be like what this guy says Elephant all the time. So I'm gonna say it to the reporter. That's a concern to me. That Nick nurse, no, every other Word is elephant. No, I'm not saying what Hank is saying. I'm just saying that if that becomes like a part of a team meeting of like talking about the elephant of the room, People will start saying, saying Elephant other team will also be like Elephant. We talk a lot about, a lot about the elephant in the room. Tyrese. Maxey goes, this is the elephant in the room. Well, at that point, the elephant in the room becomes the elephant in the room that you use it so Much. And also it, the leak didn't, like the leak said that Tyrese Maxey said that he was the elephant in the room. What does that have to do with Nick Nurse? Hmm? The leak said the quote is that Tyrese Maxey said the elephant in the room is Joel Embi.


What was the quote? It said Tyrese. Maxey said the elephant. He he said the elephant in the room. You already Yes. You already proved that you didn't know what quotation marks were though. So I'm, I'm gonna look this up. I think the Eagles win this game. It's gonna be a slow start. These are two of the worst three teams in terms of scoring in the first quarter. Yeah. What do you got? Do you Got it? I'm pulling up the article right now. He's Pulling up the article. Max just chill out. Who Wins? Grizzly Bear or Elephant? Discuss? Elephant. I line probably Elephant. This line is too short. Oh, so you're nervous?


Yes. I think Eagles minus two and a half is easy. And that makes me think it's hard. Oh, I don't think, I think it's the right line. If it was Rams plus three, I would hammer the Rams. I I, I don't know. I, this is gonna be a fun game, exciting game. I'm excited for this game. It's really gonna test the Eagles defense. 'cause I think the Eagles defense is for real. They've got great secondary. Now this gonna test what Was last week? What last week wasn't Commanders had had like the best offense in the league going into last Week. I mean the Commanders do not have no offense, the commanders do not have Cooper Cup and pka Nku. Yeah, We have Terry McLaurin who got put in San Quinine. Yeah. And absolutely locked down. But that's what I'm saying, like this is, this is now That Offense that has these weapons that are like Puka and Cooper get open against everyone.


I swear we had this exact conversation last week about the commander's offense and the Eagles defense. I understand the Eagles de I'm saying the Eagles defense has played very, very well. I think they're for real. This is an elevated test from the commanders. Is it not? Would you take the commander's offense or the Rams offense right now? I would, I would Actually. I don't think it's that far as far as you think I would With the healthy Jaden Daniels. I think I would take the, the commander's offense. If you look at it by the numbers with a healthy Jaden, they're like historically good Cooper Cup and P Andour match up problems beyond Belief. I also agree with that. I think that you can say like the offense that's Yeah. Overall is better for the commanders, but their weapons are at, on the outside are better for the Rams.


I would take the Rams offense over the commanders right now. It's no slight. I mean I think the Rams offense is very good. It's not a slight, I'm telling you that. I think they're very good. It Feels like a slight, It's definitely not a slight, you guys have a very good receiver and Terry McCluen, they have two very, very good receivers that get open against Everyone. Yeah. Receiver for receiver. I would agree with that. Yeah. But when you take Matthew Stafford's pretty damn good, I would take Jayden over Matthew Stafford. I looked up the quote, the quote Max. Yeah. Surprisingly, you're incorrect about it. The quote from the source was, Tyrese loves big fella, but this is the elephant in the room. So the, the quote is not saying that Tyrese used the phrase elephant in the room, Whatever.


I mean, it seems open and shut to me. Max. You said it before, we're having like five parallel conversations. You said it before that, you know, the Eagles have looked really good, but they haven't played like the best offenses. When did I say that? When? When we went through it and you were like the, you know, the Giants and the whoever else. They beat the Browns. I said this today. No, no, no. Like last week or two weeks ago. You're like, I I'm excited to see it was maybe before the Commander's game. Yeah. Before it's before just another test. The Commander. Yeah. Yes. Obviously everything's a test, but everything's, well not Everything's a for everyone. Not everything's a test. I mean, but every time you play the Cowboys are not a test. But I'm saying like every time you play a good game, I guess it's another test. But like, you could say that about like any big, any big game.


No, I wouldn't have said it. Going up against Cooper Rush. I'm, that's not a big game. Well that's a rivalry Game. Yeah. This is is this a big game? This Is a huge game. Yeah. Must win. Yes. That no, Not a must win. Not a must win. Okay. No must win. No, you said no. Not a must win. A must win. Oh, it is a must win. No, a must win. You said, you said no, you said it wasn't. No. And then your brain caught up with it and a you are a must. I'm doing it again. Is that a comma or a quote? You? That's up to interpretation. Oh, okay. I like how you're doing that. Okay. So we have to figure out what you mean by that. But you're saying no a must win.


Correct? That, that is my statement. I, I minus two and a half seems seem, I feel like I want to hammer the Eagles, but I won't because that That, oh, oh, guess what week's gonna be a test two. Yeah, that Ravens. Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of why I'm worried about this. 'cause I feel like we might be looking towards Ravens. Yeah, the Eagles have not the easiest sc I mean you have to play the Steelers as well. The other thing, And then we get, we got the Panthers in between there. Panthers, And we finish and then we finish Cowboys giants. Yeah. Okay. Both at home. Should we do our TD Parlay With conviction?


With Conviction Boys, we won last week. That was huge. It felt good for the Awls. It felt finally good to get a win there. Let's get a conviction pick from all the boys. Hey, I'm going Jonathan Taylor. Jonathan Taylor. I like that. Pick in score Last week. It's pretty, it's only minus 1 0 5. So it's not gonna like it's, it's solid Pick. That's a good conviction. Pick Isaiah Pacheco minus one five Pacheco minus 1 65 you said? Yep. Alright, let's add Mike Evans coming back. Okay. Plus 1 55 plus 1 55.


Let's take a shot here. What do we got Right now? That would be pl plus 700. Okay, That's Good. So we'll see where it with conviction. Where it goes by Gametime. But right now it'd be plus 700. That's Some good conviction.


And you can bet it on DraftKings. The DraftKings Sportsbook every day is game day DraftKings Sportsbook. Now through the end of the year, it's extra special. All customers will get a special daily promo every single day. From Profit boost, odd boost, no sweat bets and more. There's something for everyone. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now. Use code take that's code. Take and take advantage of special daily promotions only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Okay boy. Should we do our picks? Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (800) 327-5050 Or visit gambling helpline ma.org in Massachusetts in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9. Please gamble responsibly in Connecticut. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland 21 and over in present in most states, 18 and over in Washington, dc, Kentucky, New Hampshire or Wyoming Offer Void in Ontario. Ford. Were prohibited. Eligibility restrictions. Apply terms at sportsbook. At DraftKings dot com slash promos on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. One plus promotion per day promotion, sport eligibility and requirements vary. Ends 12 31 24 sponsored by DraftKings.


Our picks. What is the records? I'm still 500. Okay. I think we're all really Bad. I'm in last, but I'm behind PFT by a game in half and I hate everything this weekend. Ooh. So I kind of do too. Max. I kind of hate everything as well. I'm at 12 and 10. Hank's 11. 11. Big Cat 10 and 12. PFT nine and 13. Max seven. 14 and one. I hate everything this weekend. Max is also up. First Max up first let's go Maxie. I am going to go Bears plus three and a half. Okay. Bears plus three and a half Against the Vikings at home.


Against the Vikings Bears plus three and a half. Okay. Okay. PFT. I'm going to go the Detroit Lions minus seven and a half at the Colts. I will take the over 47 and a half Cardinals and Seahawks. I will take the under 41 bucks. Giants. Mm. I like that pick. That's a good pick. Thanks. I like, I kind of like the port this week. Oh, What do you think DeVito's gonna do? Terrible. Nothing. That's six points. Okay. Memes? I'm Going under 51 Ravens Chargers Monday night Football and Cardinals plus one Cardinals plus one.


Okay. I'll be taking the New England Patriots plus seven and a half. Okay. I'll take the Denver Broncos minus six. Okay. I'm going to take under 40 and a half Titans at Texans. I like that pick. Thank you. That's a good pick. Thank you. It is a good pick. It's was My pick no Matter what happens. That's an outstanding pick on my part. Yeah. This keeps happening as I get fucked right before I'm supposed supposed to go. And You went first. Yeah, you should take it. I know, but then I get I and I don't get prepared. I keep thinking What about the over in the Bears Vikings Game? No, I already have the Bears Double tip. I am going to go stick the eagles to go. No, I I Now I have to do totals.


Total stink. Can I do, can I do conviction? You can do whatever you want, buddy. I have no, I have no conviction and I'm the worst at this. Convict. Convict. I am going to go over 46 Patriots Dolphins. Okay. I like that. Pick Good. Pick Max. Good. Pick Hank Winston. Yeah, That was Tough. Drake May. Drake May is good. You've told me that Drake may is good. You said he gets two. If Drake may can get me two touchdowns, four touchdowns from the dolphins. Yeah. What does that, what's that math? A Lot of touchdowns Says 14. Yeah. 42.


Fuck. That's a lot of touchdowns. And a Russian touchdown from Ram. Andre. Maybe some field goals. Yeah. So many. So you said two touchdowns. You said two touchdowns. Yeah. I feel like two touchdowns from Drake may that there should be enough points there. So many Touchdowns. Okay, before we get to our interviews, we got Rex Ryan and Al Cy Young winner Te Kubel. Let's do Fantasy Fuccbois.


Brought to you by Body Armor. Real hydration, real ingredients. Packed for the electrolytes, vitamins, and nothing. Artificial body armor, sports drinks has great tasting flavors like strawberry, banana and blue raspberry. Not only do we hydrate with body armor, but some of the best athletes in the world do as well. Like Christian McCaffrey, Joe Burrow and Sabrina Escu. Get yours today at Walmart or local grocery store near you.


What's up? Yo. Yo. Yo yo. What's up? What up? What's up? My name is Angelo Ward. Ross. Hey Angelo Rice. How you doing? I heard you on the radio the other day. Angelo. My stardom. Cooper. Deje. Cooper. Cooper. Cooper. Cooper. Right. Hope the Caucasian cornerback. We got a Cooper. Cooper matchup. Cooper. Cooper's getting shut the fuck down. Cooper Cou White on white crime. Cooper de Jean's gonna shut him down. Lock him out. Beat him the fuck up. Nice. I sit him Jerry McCain. Why Six is only good player, but he fucking paints his nails. He's making TikTok. Oh. I never root for a guy with painting fingernails. I don't Care how good he is playing. Put him on the bench. Make him learn some fucking discipline. You should polish your game, not your nails.


Yeah. You should be watching film not making YouTubes. Yeah. Yeah. It's where YouTubes, I hate guys that make the YouTube. Don't Make the YouTube. My Sleeper. Yeah. Podcast P with Paul George. Yeah. No free Ass for other podcasts. But you know, he's, he's two and 13. He can't get on the court. They can't win the fucking game. But he's still out there putting out podcasts. Just grinding, getting the tea. It's a good podcast. When you want to go to sleep. Where You from? Angelo? I'm from fucking mad O. Okay. I like it. Nice. I like it. Good shit. Good shit, Bro. Good shit, Bro. What's up? I'm Tommy DeVito. Tommy started Quarterback New York Giants this weekend. My stardom is putting your beers outside to keep 'em cool. Nice. Because It's, it is Nature's refrigerator right now. It's cold outside.


National Podcast. Yeah. Put your beers outside. Keep 'em cool. Don't have to worry about taking up Fridge Space. Get 'em off the deck. Yeah. My sit is this Pittsburgh Steelers. Are Those gonna be shorts? My sit is gonna be shorts and Pittsburgh Steelers. I'm sitting the Steelers because as my good friend Dan Orlowski told us today, you can't beat Lamar Jackson by just kicking field goals. Oh shit. They beat Lamar Jackson by just kicking field goals last week. Oh shit. People forget that. Oh shit. Danny, you forget that. And then my fire fest, my, my, my sleeper is being a chill little guy. Dope. Because I'm Tommy DeVito. I'm just a chill little guy. Chill little guy. Here. Here I am. Tommy DeVito. Hands in my pockets. How do you silence an Italian?


Yeah. Make 'em put their hands in their pockets. Now I'm a chill little guy. Chill little guy. What's up? Fuckers. It's Frankie Roast Beef. Hey Frankie, My stardom is Adam Chef. Duh. The guy's just stupid G. Girls while he's breaking news. He's such a horn ball. Good for cheff D Hey, Cheff. D Good scoop. Good scoop. Double scoop. Mm. I'm not driving. No. Yeah, my, my cinema coach. K. He's now third. All time with wins in college basketball. Gino. Good Italian. Gino Orma. Good man. Coach number one, overall. Coach K. Coach K. See ya bitch. Dropping down the list. Coach K. See ya. How's of You down there? Little guy too? Hows of you?


The Stanford Women's coach. We all know her name. Sleep. I Sleeper is Kyron Williams. You go run. Yeah, that's it. He's just gonna run. He go run. He go run Kyron Williams. He go run. He's Gonna run. No, He won't. Oh. What's that? No. Not Against the Eagles Defense. No. Okay. No Running for Kyron Williams. Okay. I guess the great white Hope. Oh dude. Chefy. I chef's definitely in the list of guys. I don't want to think about having Sex. Oh, I do. Oh, I do. He's probably a very hard worker. Oh, his little hips just going B. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't wanna see, I didn't want to have that visual. He pulls out chef Bomb. Yeah, but he's, he's committed to the game.


Okay, let's get to our


interviews. Let's start with aals, young pitcher, Teek Scobel. And then we'll do Rex Ryan Before we get to Teek. He's brought to you by our good friends over at Chevy. There's a reason why we've never done the Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because for part of my take, there's only one pickup truck. It's the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado's a partner. It's a partner that we can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of part of my take Jobs, adventures, shenanigans. It got us cross country to the Super Bowl. It helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio last year at Grit Week. And it also helps us give fullbacks the recognition that they deserve with the Low Man Award. Low Man award. The trophy watch list coming next week. Stay tuned for that. Thanks to the Chevy Silverado for sponsoring that they have legendary grit paired with modern truck tech inside and out. Massive screens. Up to eight cameras, 14 different views makes driving, towing and parking all easier. You'll see all the poles and all the parking lots coming with the Chevy Silverado and all the screens and cameras that they have. They also have the new Silverado HD Trail Boss, which is sick. It's a great truck. Head over to chevy.com. Build your own Silverado or the Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck in the whole wide world. The Chevy Silverado


Teeks also brought to you by Coors Light. Coors Light. The mountains are blue. Coors Light is great. When you're watching college football rivalries are heating up. And no matter what happens between your favorite rivals this week, you've got a chance to win. Just go to the PMT Instagram. Tell us how you prepare for a rivalry game with Coors Light. For an opportunity to win the Coors Light rivalry shirt, five winners will be selected every Saturday until December 7th. So remember, when rivalries get a little overheated, choose chill, keep things cool. Reach for the mountain Cold refreshment of Coors Light. It's literally made to chill. Cold lager, cold filtered, cold packaged, crisp and refreshing. As the Rockies perfect for a moment to unwind. Even the biggest rivals Agree. When it's time to cool things down, enjoy the game. Choose Chill. Reach for a Coors Light. Get it delivered straight to your door@coorslight.com slash take. Or you can find pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Check 'em out. Coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company Golden Colorado.


And now here's Terrick Scobel. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest, fresh off the Al Cy Young win. It is Tarek Kubel, also his birthday. He won the Cy Young on his birthday. Tarek, first of all, congratulations. Was that the best day of your life? I mean, that has to be up there, right? Yeah, I think, you know, for sure. My wife probably won't like the answer. You know, the, the, you know, our child being born is probably, maybe a little bit higher than that. Yeah. But it, it, it's definitely close. You know, it, it was a really cool, really special day all the way around.


Friends and family, all that stuff. It was, it was a ton of fun to celebrate a birthday with, you know, a Cy Young Award. Yeah. So I gotta ask you, you, I mean, everyone knew you were gonna win, but was there a part of you, like when you woke up and you're like, what if I don't win? What if something crazy happens? Like what? Because it was obvious you're gonna win, but it's still, there's gotta be a little small part of you that's like, wait, I have all my friends coming over. My wife bought me a new car. What happens if something crazy happens and I don't win? Yeah. Am I allowed to cuss? Yeah, of course. Fuck shit. Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay, cool. I, I basically woke up and was like, I really hope they don't fuck it up. You know? That's what I thought. But yeah, I I didn't really know, obviously when the voting comes out, I didn't know if it was going to be unanimous.


You know, obviously, you know, the other guys that were on the ballot obviously had great years. So, and you can make arguments all the way around for, you know, whoever you wanna make arguments for. So that, that was, that was pretty cool too, to win it unanimously. I think that that's pretty special. Yeah. Yeah. And you got the car, did you get it before or after you got the sang After? So I got the award. So I mean, the backstory on that is my wife at the beginning of the year kind of jokingly said, you can get it. 'cause I, I've always been wanting a new car for whatever reason. Every time I get a car, I just want another car. It's like that toxic thing that happens. And beginning of the year, I was all off season. Last off season, I was, I was talking about getting a new car and she goes, okay, if you win a Cy Young Award this year, I'll buy you a new car.


I said, all right, cool. So I've been giving her grief about it, like, Hey, I'm gonna win and you don't have a car for me. And I got done wrapped up with the interview stuff yesterday, and she's like, Hey, I wanna go outside. I said, am I gonna get like a pie in the face? What's going on? Is, is this, is this where the champagne goes? And, and then there's a car sitting in my driveway and I'm like, there's no way you just got me a car. And she's like, yeah, this is your car. And I was like that. I didn't, I was so shocked. I didn't believe it. I mean, that was kept under wraps really. Well, that's Awesome. Yeah. That's a great present. Yeah. So your name is Tarrick, spelled T-A-R-I-K. Are people surprised when they see you for the first time? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yes. Easy. That's an easy yes. You know, my name has been butchered my whole life.


I stop even caring how people pronounce it. You call me Tariq Tarik. It, it doesn't matter to me anymore. And then I, I don't think that they expect to see me, you know? I mean, I didn't realize this though. Your name in comes from Arabic and it means strike. So I just learned that last week. I was, I got asked the question like, your name means strike in Arabic. I go, I mean, cool. That's really cool. It just so happens to be kind of, my job is to throw strikes. So Yeah. I thought that that's, that's, I mean, that's pretty interesting. Yeah. So, so at what point this season, did you know that it was like more than, I mean, you, you obviously have been a, a good pitcher in your, your path to the, the pros and everyone's been talking about you, but at what point were you like, okay, this is, is different.


I'm on a different plane this year. I am, every time I get on on the bump, I'm gonna just go eight innings and 11 strikeouts and everything. What, what, what was there a moment that clicked that you're like, I got different stuff this year? I think when I came back from surgery last year, I mean, the second half of last year was pretty special and, and dominant as well. If you look at the numbers, it was, it was a pretty special season. And then I had a, a good healthy off season. And when I got into spring training, I, my body just felt good. And, you know, throughout the whole season, I think I made 31 or whatever starts, I, I felt good for, you know, 31 starts, which is, I don't know if a lot of guys can say that. And, you know, I felt good in between and there's some lulls and you take your bumps and bruises and stuff.


But I felt good. And I think when you're healthy as an athlete and you can just continue to work on things and continue to get better. And I think that that's, you know, where greatness happens. And I was able to do that for a full season. So I think that that was just the most important thing. But I don't, I don't know if there was one start. You know, I, I go back to the sensei game where I think I, I struck out 13 and that was pretty special just because that morning I was told I was an all star and then I went out and had that performance, you know, and I was like, this is all kind of happening. Yeah. You know, and when I've never put my, my name or myself with all stars or with, you know, Cy young guy, I just have never really associated myself with that.


And then when that start happened, I'm like, holy shit, I, I am an all star. And then, you know, you start thinking of yourself like, I, I am actually that much. I like, I'm good. I'm very good at this game. And that confidence, you know, was able to kind of ride with me the rest of the year. Yeah. Thir 13 strikeouts has to feel so awesome. Just No one Can touch you. It's, I, I watched that start probably, I mean, 20 times after I'm like, I, I couldn't get hit that day, you know, I'm like, this is unbelievably, it's a feeling that it's, I mean, I just got done golfing. It's like a pure, like eight iron, you know? And it's like, that's, that's the best feeling in sports. Yeah. Yeah. I have to imagine throwing like a hundred, two miles an hour feels pretty good too. Is that the fastest you throw? Yeah, that's the fastest end game was like, I think it was 1 0 1 0.6 this year I think was to, it was Therese Hoskins too, and he fouled it off.


I'm like, dude, my hardest heaters are always fouled off. I'm like, why are, why are you miss miss them? Yeah. I'm throwing this as hard as I can for you to miss it. Not to foul it off. But yeah, that was, that was the hardest heater. I, I've had. Are We still working on velocity? Like what's, what's the peak once you hit like 1 0 2? Are you like Yeah, I think I can dial it back. I can reach back a little harder and, and throw 1 0 3. Are we happy with 1 0 2? I, I give it hell when I'm, when it's 102, it's everything I got. There's not, there's nothing else in there. It's not like, oh, I, I'm, I'm saving 1 0 4 for next season. It's, it's pretty much, I'm throwing it as hard as I can when I'm, you know, my velocity spikes in games. It's, it's because I'm like actually just throwing the ball as hard as I can and not really worrying about where it's going as much.


Yeah. So when you, you throw a turbo slider, when you throw the turbo slider, do you tell yourself in your head you're like, this is gonna be a turbo slider? 'cause that just sounds cool. Like, you're like, all right, it's gonna be a slider, but turbo. Yeah. I, whenever the pitch comes through, I'm, I just like, think, throw the shit out of this to this spot and that's it. And then I throw it. That's really with every pitch that I think it's a pretty simple approach when I'm on the mound, you know, it's like fastball up and in and I'm like, all right, throw the shit out of a fastball to this spot, whether it goes there or not. Like, it's like, it probably doesn't really ever go there. I think that's like one of the biggest, like, people are like, oh, I'm a command guy, you know, I hit spots. It's like, no, you really never do.


Like, it's like 20% of the time you're hitting it. So I, I mean, I'm focused on the spot, but if it goes there, awesome. If it doesn't go there, I, I, you know, at least I gave it everything I had. Do you think with the SA Young, I mean, I think you had this before, but do you think with the ung, you're officially a Haass? And is that the, is that the pinnacle of pitching to be a Haass? I, I consider it the pinnacle. Yeah. I mean, to first off, to have the respect of, of you and, and Dave that day when, what was that in Cleveland? Yeah. When you Yeah, we're like, this is the Haas stuff. This is what we're talking about where you're screaming at people and it's like, yeah, that energy of a guy who goes on the mound in the playoffs, who's like a bigger dude who's throwing hard and it's like he's, even if his stuff isn't perfect that day, he's gonna just hoss his way through it and just like, through like pure strength and power win the game.


That's Hoss. Yeah. No, I, I first off to have the respect of that to, for that tweet to be formulated and sent out, I was like, holy shit, I made it. You know? I'm like, this is, it's like making, making pinch Ninja for the first time. You're like, holy shit, you know, I made it to this. So to get that, that was pretty cool. But yeah, I think that, I mean, the Haas thing is, is pretty, I mean, I think it's hilarious one, but two, it's, it's something that, you know, as a pitcher, you wanna take pride in, you know, being in the biggest games or, you know, big moments, you know when a team needs it and, and you just kind of show up and, and do your thing. I think there's a ton of pride to be having in that. Yeah. I forgot it. I, I tweeted BLEs a ha and Dave Que tweeted s scbu a ha Like three seconds apart.


Yeah. Like, it was like a minute apart. Yeah. I walked in, I walked in the clubhouse after the game, and I think we, we had just like came back in game two or whatever, and I think we hit a home rough class A, which never happens. He doesn't give up any runs. And we went and I check my phone and our like, PR guy comes over with his phone and has the tweets like, set up. Yeah. From YouTube. And I was like, holy fuck. That's really cool. Yeah. Yeah. That's how you know you're shoving. Yeah. You, you're like, this ho is gonna shove. No, but it's really like, there's a, there's, we've been playing baseball for a very long time. There are certain guys that like, you can never actually be a Hoss. Like, I like Jacob deGrom is incredible. He, I don't think he has ho, he's like a little too skinny for Hoss, you know what I mean?


Like, it's a John Lester. You gotta be a little, you gotta be a little fat. Like, No, not fat, but like, there's something about, it's like the power behind it. Yeah. Wide shoulders. Yeah. The power behind it where you're like, I trust this. Like Madison Baumgartner Ha, John Lester Haass. You know what I mean? Like, these guys are like, they just go up there and they're like, I'm gonna throw 150 pitches if I have to and win this game. You Have to be left-handed to be a Hoss. Or they're right-handed SSEs. Ah, You, there's right-hand hos too way. Yeah. You can go either way. But Lefty does make it kind of cool, just 'cause it's, you know, it's a cooler thing To be a hos as a batter, you have to be fat as a pitcher. You just have to be big. You have to be, you know, like broad shoulders, big frame. But if we're gonna call a batter a hos, he's gotta be probably two 60. Yeah.


It's the pinnacle though. You can win a, you can win a World Series with a ha. You need a ha. Like, it's different than an ace. It's an ace plus almost like it's so All is extra. Ace is here. Ha is like higher. Every, every ha is an ace. Not every ace is a ha. Or is this right? Max. Max is our baseball guy. Am I right on that? Yeah. You guys Are just contradicting the things that we've Said in the past. What do you mean? That's fine. What? That's fine. Well, I'm talking about hos is for pitchers. Oh, you're Talking about the Mount Rushmore, Not Rushmore. He's crying because that's different. That's different. You're not allowed to cry about Mount Rushmore Max. Am I right though? That every, every Hoss is an ace, but not every ace is a Hoss. That's a fact. Yeah, that's a fact. But gives, Is Bartolo Cologne a Hoss Ha.


Yeah. Yeah. Ho. Okay. When he was at his peak, like King Ho. Yeah. Like Prime, prime Bartolo was, I mean, he was throwing 97, 98. Yeah. Yeah. Super ballers. I mean, he was always kind of bigger and fat. I mean, his workouts are, yeah. He watch his workouts tough. It's, it's looks unbelievable. John Lackey. Ha ha. That guy was ho ho. Yeah. Roger Clemens. Haws, like The haw biggest. David Wills biggest haws. Yeah. There's a lot of Haws out there. Yeah. Rod Roger the Rocket might be the biggest hos. Yeah. I mean, that guy is huge. Yeah. Was your, has your mom still mad at you for swearing though, in that game? I think that was the game. Were you just, you looked at the crowd and you just, I, you said like a million F words. You're like, fuck everything. You know, fuck you all. Yeah.


Was she, was she actually upset? So she called me the next day, well, I called her the next day, like talking about the tweet and I kind of like the interactions that may come of it, or if you want your account private, like go pri, you know, all that kind of stuff. First off I was like, that's hilarious. And second, she's like, sweetie, you can't be doing this. You know, talking to the other team's fans, like, it's, it's a dangerous thing for you. Like, you just gotta play baseball and get back in the dugout. And I'm like, ma, you should have seen the amount of middle fingers and booze and like, fuck use that I had to where I'm like, all right, I gotta reciprocate some. Especially on that day. You know, I, I was obviously having success and was able to pitch in and out of situations, you know, big moments and, and keep my team in a series when we're down one, nothing already.


So like, there was some stuff already going on and there was a little bit of dugout stuff, you know, coming back and forth. And I thought that, that it all led to that moment. And yeah, I think that that was, I, I locked eyes with a fan and he was like, double birding, you know, fuck you. And then it was just right back to him, you know? And I was like, oh shit, I probably shouldn't have done that. You know? That felt like too much of a real interaction. No, it's good. But it was, it was funny. It's great, you know, it was, it was good all the way around. It's good. I feel like they, they begrudgingly respect somebody that talks shit back to 'em. If they're backing it up. It's like, if you're gonna give the double birds and he's gonna strike somebody out, he's allowed to say, fuck you. To me. It's, that's how I would think it. It's Playoff baseball. Yeah. You want that outta playoff baseball.


It's October. Yeah. It was, it was fun. It, I mean, that environment too, hats off to those fans. That place was rock, that place was buzzing. Like that place was, that was a, that was a really good environment. Yeah. For a couple season game. And we played in Houston too, and Houston's loud, and obviously they have the history of, you know, all the rings and all the winning there. But I thought Cleveland was a better environment. Yeah. With, with Detroit, it feels like there's been so much momentum that's built up over the last six months. Like you guys put together an amazing run and you have to feel like, shit, this kind of sucks that we don't get to play baseball with each other anymore after the season's over. But there's gotta be just an insane amount of tightness on that team, and you've gotta be pretty pumped about next year.


So what does that feel like going into next year that's gonna be different from what you were able to do this year? Yeah, I think, you know, going into spring training, my goal for the season was just to make the playoffs. You know, I wanted to, at the beginning of the year, believe it or not, we were supposed to like, I was like, all right, let's just win our division, you know? And then all of a sudden our division was one of the best divisions in baseball And we had three playoff teams in there. And it's like, I didn't predict that first off. I think if you ask anyone, they'd all say that too. But then, you know, I wanted to play in the playoffs and then you kind of see that we were sellers at the deadline, you know, got rid of guys. And then just the youth movement. We, I think we were the youngest team in the, in the big leagues the last month and a half of the season.


And we did something really special. And all those guys are coming back. You know, I saw a tweet the other day that like, we don't have anyone leaving, I think from the roster that we had. Like, no one's leaving with free agency. Like they're all, they all can be tendered contracts and in arbitration and stuff like that. So that's pretty special. And then obviously what, whatever additions they make, you know, in the off season is only gonna help us, you know, help our team, you know, wherever they see fit. And yeah. But I'm excited, you know, to get back to, to spring training with the boys and, and do it all over again. It was, it was weird though, you know, we got eliminated and you know, I think in the moment it sucks, you know, obviously, you know, I give up a grand slam and I can like sit and pout about it or whatever, but our team was like, alright, cool.


Like, we'll, we're gonna be fucking back next year. There was no like, pouting. It was like, all right, we're good, you know, Hey, we lost today, but we'll be back next year. You know, there was no like, doubt or like, you know, g guys weren't like upset. It was just like, Hey, we're gonna be back. Yeah. There's no panic. And I'm like, that's, I thought that that was really cool just to see our guys right after, you know, a big moment. And the media is shoving cameras in your face and wants to get the emotional reaction. And our, I think it was pretty unanimous from our whole team. Look at that word I just used. There we go. But yeah, I think our whole team was kinda like, no, we'll be back. You know, there, there's no sweat in this. It was a hell of a run, but we're ready to do it again next year. So I thought that that was really cool. So Do you want to use this time right now to announce your new contract?


There? There isn't there? There isn't one. There Isn't one real, real question off that. 'cause I know, does it feel good at least seeing every single tweet about you? Like it's like, you know, the Tigers account, ESPN or like MLB tweets, like Te Scobel, aals Young, every single response is like, pay him, pay him everything. It's just Yeah, That's, it's just everything. It's really, yeah, no, it, it is cool, you know, to have the, the fan support of, or you know, whoever's running the Twitter accounts to have the support of, of they want me to be in Detroit, you know, long term. And I think that that's really special, obviously just 'cause they've been very supportive of me and my journey when I wasn't so good, you know, three, four years ago.


So that it means a lot. For sure. Yeah. No, it's, the fans love you. The Detroit fans obviously really, really want you to be there for your whole career. And it's, it's cool to see. You're gonna be so rich. It's so rich. I Hope you guys are right. No, you're, no, I am right. You're gonna be a rich motherfucker. Listen, we took a shit in your agent's office a few years Ago. Oh really? Yeah, yeah, yeah. We went to Scott, we interviewed Scott Boris. Yeah. And We in Newport. Yeah. Yeah. We took a shit in his office. Yeah. I, I stayed in there for that's fucking awesome. Too long. It was kind of embarrassing. It, I was late for the interview. You Upper decker or Upper Projector or not spray? No, it was both of us at the same time. Yeah. I was sitting on his lap. Yeah. Oh, back to back. Yeah, it was going, it was going through my legs.


No, we went, Make sure you pee first. I got you. I got No, that's that's awesome. He he give you the whole tour of, of everything. Yeah, He did. It's, that Place is really cool. It is cool. It's also very intimidating. He's an intimidating guy. I'm happy. I do. We don't have to negotiate against him. I do have to say, speaking of the fans, I gotta at least shout out our guy, Detroit, Don, John Detroit, John who has the Twitter handles. Scobel is God. He's the one who handed me the envelope with the bet Turk Scobel to win the Cy Young. He said to me, 'cause I, I ended up giving him a little money because he's like, Hey, I want 30 K off it. I'm going, I'm going to rip you off a little. He told me he should Have put more money on it. I know, I know.


I probably didn't have it in my account at the time. He said, if you ever have s Scbu on the pod, can you please just tell him I exist? I would do any for anything for him, including death if that was needed. So you got one guy who will die for you. Who will die for me. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's, that's more than zero. So that's awesome. Yeah. S scbu is God on Twitter, he will die for you. Try Out. I I might throw him a follow. I, I gotta What's his, what's his tag? What's His No, it's s Scuba is God. Well, that's literally his act. Yeah, That's his at I gotcha. Yeah. All him With a follow pretty mu really straight to the point. I think he likes you. Yeah. He likes you more than a friend. Hit him with a follow and then hit him with a DM that just says, Hey, this is God.


I wanna know what his bet slip looked like. I mean, he had to have, if he's telling people to hammer it, you have to take it yourself, you know? Right. Yeah, I would assume so. It is gonna end up costing me money in the long run because now I'm just gonna get people handing me random stuff that I'm gonna have to bet. But that guy's a le Detroit j John is a legend forever in my eyes, because that was a cool Thing. You're already, you're already net positive. So it's, I mean, it's house money. Yeah, exactly. You just need another one to hit. Yeah, Exactly. This is like, it's like angel investing, you know, a little bit of money here, then you just need one guy to hit it and you make more money and Yeah. Yeah. So, so where that's gambling. Yeah. Where do we go from here for you, Cy Young, like you said, in the middle of the season, you get, you know, the, the news that you're gonna be an all star. You start believing yourself more. Maybe your expectations for yourself start to increase because you're like, oh shit, everyone is saying you're one of the best pitchers in baseball, maybe I really am.


Now you're the Cy Young winner. What do you add? What do you add to the Arsenal? What do you work on this off season? The one that sits right here. Oh, Okay. The ring. Yes. That's, you know, it's, I don't really like making the game selfish, you know, it's a team sport. It's not just me versus another team or, you know, it's individual in an aspect of like, it's me versus the hitter and there's that stuff going on, but I just wanna win. You know, it, I think the, the best thing in sports is winning. It, it, it cures everything. Oh, I had a bad game. We won. Who cares On to the next day, you know? So yeah, I just wanna win. I think, you know, individually, triple Crown, Cy Young, obviously you wanna do that again and, and maybe some more All Star appearances and, and you know, put that on the resume.


But it all wouldn't mean as much if I don't have a ring. If not, you know, multiple, you know, that's why you play. At least that's why I play the game is, is to win World Series rings and, and go perform on that stage in that environment. That's, that's when baseball's at its purest, you know, it's, it, there's no more individual stuff. That's what was awesome about the postseason this year, was like, nobody gave a shit if you were oh, for four with four punches, but that fifth at bat, you bonded the guy over to second base And we scored him like you had a hell of a day. You know, it's like nobody, I think that that's, that's when the game's at it at its purest. So that's kinda where I'm at. You know, mentally I'm gonna, you know, individually I'm gonna look at, I, I just wanna be healthy, you know, I think I'm gonna do everything I can to be healthy, but that's kind of where the individual stuff ends for me, is it's more, it becomes a team thing.


And, and, and World Series rinks. Yeah, I Like that. I also like calling 'em punches. Punches. How many punches are we aiming for next year? Punches Are good Punches what I have this year. 2 28. Let's just go for 2 29. Why not be it 2 29 punches? 2 29. 2 29 punches. Yeah, I'm gonna bet that. Yeah. Are you gonna bring back the mustache? People are asking? I think I look horrible with it, but I think it's a fun thing to do in an off season. You know, I, I think when I got a hat on, it actually looks great, but other than that, I, I look really old and it's not really cool to be old in my sport. I wanna look youthful, you know? Yeah. Like, I just turned 28, like that's not that cool.


You know, you're young, but you're also kind of old, so Yeah. I don't really like looking old, you know, I'm trying to play my sport and feel young Mustache though. Adds to the ha energy. I'm just gonna say that's A fact. Yeah. And if you, you ever watch baseball from like the late eighties or, or the nineties? Everybody looked like they were 40 years old. Hey, a little rod back. Yeah. If You were 21, you looked like you were 50 baseball. That could be SIGs and that could be SIGs and beers related though. That's, that's True. Could be. That's Back when real baseball was getting played. That was real ball. That's true. Listen, the haters are saying something and I want to address it. The haters are saying you're scared to come to our office and do the gauntlet because half your team came and you didn't show your face.


I had, well one, I was, I think I one, I think they came right before opening day and I was starting the next day. I didn't really wanna fuck with my routine. So that was one. That's probably not a great excuse, but, okay. Two, my wife and son were there and they were the, I didn't wanna leave him in the hotel room by the, I just the shitty dad. Shitty dad. Yeah. That No, you're right. I should, I should've brought 'em. I just didn't really think, you know, there's gonna be six guys, my wife and then, you know, at the time it was How old was he at? This is gonna be bad mouth outta me, but I'm not good enough. Five months old. Oh, Five months. Let him do the gauntlet. Yeah, he can do the gauntlet. Hey, he can crawl pretty good. He's not to walking yet, but he's crawling pretty good.


Yeah, he can score on mouth. You, you gotta come next time. I mean, the guys came here. It was great. I, I wanna say yeah, Next time. Yeah, Whenever we played the White Sox or Cub, I don't think we'll go to the Cubs next year, but whenever we played the White Sox first series, I'll make sure to get in there Yeah. And do the whole thing. And I think that'll be fun. I, I think who did it for us Torque this year? Yeah. Did All right. Right. Yeah, he did good. The only problem was, I think there was a question on Sparkle where to the question was something like, name the largest cats and he didn't get tigers. That's not good. Yeah. He, he went to a SU it's the whole kind of thing, you know, point he he's always been a baseball player.


Yeah. We all have known that he is always been a baseball player. He, it's, he hits the shit out of a baseball and that's great. Yeah. But yeah, I think I actually, I actually remember I pulled it up on, I was watching it live. I watched this whole thing live. I think they, like you guys put out a tweet like he's about to go. And I watched the whole thing live and I was like, damn, you did pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. You'll have to come next time you got, we gotta have you come Here. Yeah, no, for sure. For sure. Strike Max out. That would Be awesome. Yeah. Do you have any advice for Max? So Max lost our fantasy baseball league and he's gotta pitch two innings against a, an unnamed for now college team. I think I did in what, 30 minutes last year? Yeah. I got six outs in 30 minutes. Pretty good. Max is feeling a little, a little less confident in himself.


He used to play baseball. He was the Matt Star of the CAAA. How many home runs did you hit Max? Three. Three home runs one year. Three home runs 50 at bats. We'll say that. Okay. So he can, he can dial it up to about 60, 60 miles per hour. Yeah. I'm about 60 right now. I got, I got a flat a, a flat ground in wasn't great. I was throwing, I think I topped out at 63. I wanna pause. Why'd you only have 50 at bats if you're a good hitter? Because I wasn't that good. I played one year, I think. Is there, there's a full legit defense behind you. Somewhat legit. So the, the college team is gonna have the infielders and then I'm gonna be catching big cats in the outfield.


I'm In the outfield. We're have four out outfielders though. Yeah. Four outfield. Four four. But it's like, it's Bar's jersey Jerry. It's Brandon. Yeah. It's not gonna be great. It's probably equivalent to two and a half Outfielders. Yeah. Like Real outfielders. Yeah. I'm like three quarters of an outfielder. Hank's like three quarters of an outfielder. Brandon and Jerry built A half. And like when runners get on, like it's a sit situation stuff like they can turn double plays and shit. Yeah. They can steal. Yeah. Their Bulks double Play would be huge. I need to think about that. My advice would be to throw it very slow. The slower the, like, you're trying to gain velocity. I think once you get to like 65, 70 miles an hour, that's when guys start, are gonna start unleashing on it. Like, 'cause it's, it flattens out a little bit.


It's less loop. So my advice would be to hone in a really slow pitch over the zone. And I think that you will do really well. That's good. Good advice. Yeah. Yeah. I think that that's when, when position guys get in there and you can kind of see they get a little amped up and they start, you know, letting it rip. 'cause they want, you know, there's vlo guns everywhere in the stadium and they wanna start lighting it up or just like, oh yeah, I can throw 74. It's like, yeah, you're gonna get throw 74 and it's gonna get 110 out and it's it's way gone. So if you wanna to get outs, the guys that I think are really good are guys that throw it over the zone. And with baseball's too, like the slower you, this is gonna sound like nerdy, but the slower you throw it, there's more times for like, seam effects to happen.


And like your ball will cut and sink and it'll be a little awkward to hit. So I think if you can like dial in a 45 mile an hour fastball and like throw it on the two seams, don't throw it on the four seams, throw it on the two seams, it'll cut for you and do some cool sinking stuff. And yeah, I wasn't throwing on, I wasn't planning on throwing four seams at all. Like, that Was really good advice. I Know. I, I actually was, when I was doing my warmup, I called it a sinker. It's really not, but like I was just throwing turbo, sinker, Turbo. Yeah. Just with both of my two fingers on the one seam. I don't know what scene you're talking. I Don't know. I don't Have a baseball and I probably sound dumb. Listen, and I'm not saying it correctly. This Is a Cy Young winner right Now.


I know, but we're a, we're talking ball right now. Fuck. I wish I had a ball, Actually I got one over here. Okay. I would throw it. So if this is the baseball. Yep. Right. Throw it on these two seams. Okay. And throw it like 45 miles an hour. All right. That's, I love. I didn't think I, I was actually gonna get good advice here. Yeah. This is great advice. The Ale sa winners giving you advice Like these, these seams, you know, does that, does that make sense to you? Should I do that thing where you put a little bit more pressure on one of the, on one of the fingers? No. Or is that too much?


No, no, no. Okay. I'm, I'm thinking too much. I'm thinking too much. Yeah, no, you're, you're trying to, you know, just keep it simple. So do that and just throw it, just throw it straight meatballs. Yeah, yeah. Like straight slow throw, throw it right down the middle and it'll cut sometimes and it'll sink sometimes. And it, it'll be, it'll be like you're throwing two pitches and whoever's catching good luck. You know, That's also tough. Got It. Yeah. Yeah. I'm confident. My ability, some stuff. Yeah. Because I've noticed when I, when I throw, like I throw a, it's not a sinker, it's a two seamer, but when I throw it less hard, it cuts and it's a nightmare. And I, and it, I can only throw that pitch as hard as I, like, I have to throw that pitch hard to get it to go the way I want it to go. Got it.


This is great, man. So that's like the whole, it it'll be, that'll be a good pitch for you. Yeah. I love it. Alright. You're gonna have to wa I'll, I'll send you the video when it comes out so you, you can give him some advice. 'cause he's gonna lose the league again next year. He was so bad this year. Will this be like live or will this be like No, we, we will tape it and then we'll do, and then we will put it out and Joe Buck will hopefully announce some of it again. So it's Oh hell yeah. It's fun. Yeah. That'll, that'll be fun to watch. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, so Tek, this has been so awesome man. You're, you're the best. I have one last question.


Rollback question. R-H-O-P-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts Rollback dot com.


It's not actually a question, it's just don't let Scott Harris pretend that he's like the smartest guy in the room. Okay. 'cause he's actually a regular guy too. I've known him for a long time. He's a regular dude. He's, he's a whiz kid, but he's a regular dude. Yeah. He's, he is smart. He gets, you know, he is, he is great at his job, you know, and especially the pitching department, you know, he is dominated that, you know, and I think it speaks about, you know, one who we've hired and then two the guys that are, you know, developing on our team. So he is really good at that stuff. But I enjoy him as just a, you know, as a person too. Yeah. You know, a guy to grab a drink with. He's, he's, you can tell too, you can tell, you know, in his younger days he probably got after a little bit that was Yeah.


And he, he tries to do like all the numbers and analytics and be like, oh, I went to UCLA and all this shit. And it's like, no, he's a regular guy. He's a fun guy to hang out with. But he's, he tries to be a wiz kid sometimes. Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think his job, he has to do that Yeah. To keep his job. Yeah. Yeah. But no, i, I get what you're saying. No, and I think that that's why he's a good fit, you know, for us. Yeah. He needs to pay you more though. Yeah, he does. He does. I's not that good with numbers. I'll tell him that. He he Does. Yeah. Hey, he relay the message. Yeah. Alright, well te thanks so much man. We really appreciate it. Congrats again. I appreciate it. Yeah. Thank you guys for having me.


Te was brought to you by our Good friends over at Diamonds Direct. Guys, listen up. This is the year you stopped procrastinating on the holiday shopping list. Get ahead of the game. Head over to your local Diamonds Direct. They've got amazing deals running now through Christmas on her dream engagement ring, necklaces, watches, earrings, and so much more. And here's the best part with every piece you pick up, you're not only enjoying incredible quality and value, but you're also getting a lifetime guarantee. It covers cleanings, maintenance, and sizing for life. So you save money now and later. No more last minute panic this year. You'll be the guy relaxing by the tree. Everything wrapped up ready to go while everyone else is out. Christmas Eve shopping. Diamonds Direct is perfect this holiday season. What better time to get that rock for your lady than the holiday season maybe going visit her family's place. Maybe your family's coming over to your place. It's engagement season. Go to Diamonds Direct, get the best ring you can find. Make her happy. Make her say yes. Don't wait. Lock in those deals today. Thank us later Diamonds direct the smart way to shop this holiday season. Shop now for the perfect holiday gift events and promotions now until Christmas.


Part of my take is sponsored by Better Help. This month is all about gratitude. There's a person that we don't get to think enough out there ourselves. It's sometimes hard to remind ourselves that we're trying our best to make sense of everything in this crazy world that isn't easy. Here's a reminder to send some thanks to the people in your life, including yourself. I've done therapy in the past, it's helped me get through some periods of loss. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give Better Help a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Let the gratitude flow with Better Help. Visit better help.com/pmt today. Get 10% off your first month. That's better Help hlp.com/pmt.


And now here's Rex Ryan. Okay, we now welcome on a good friend of the program, recurring guest. It is Rex Ryan. You can see him on Get up with the takes talking NFL maybe back into coaching. Let's start there. Coach, are you gonna maybe save the jets? I'd like to. There's no doubt about it. I've, I've let everybody know that I definitely would be interested in that job even though I got a great gig. You know, I do Sunday, NFL Countdown do get up as you mentioned and things and it's hard to beat that job. But, you know, I I think I have some unfinished business, especially with that franchise.


That particular franchise is, you know, it's my, you know, my dad was there forever. He won a Super Bowl and, and it's super close to me. And, and you know, I just think that, you know, I would get back in it if I thought I could make a difference and I think I could make a big difference with that team. Team. Yeah. So, so what, what is the, the issue right now with the Jetson season? It feels like a season from hell. Is it something that is foundationally gonna take a while to fix? Or you think it's something that like, hey, they, if they do this, this and this, like we could be back in it. I Think if I took over it'd be, it'd be turned in about two minutes because I think it starts with the passion and, and the energy that, that I would bring to that building.


And, and the, we're not gonna take any, any poop mentality either. Like, you know, we're gonna kick your ass And we don't care if you like it or not. But with that it comes responsibilities and accountability from that, from that football team. I'll take every bullet. I get it. I want my players to play fast and I want 'em to be relentless. And, and right now, here's what I see with that football team. I, I see a team that plays with effort. Everybody in the National Football League plays with effort, but I see a team that doesn't play with, with the enthusiasm that you need. And I think that would change in a, in a second. The minute I got there would change and it would have to, or the guy would be down the road.


So I, I think that would, that, that's the biggest thing. And then obviously, you know, that offense is about, you know, 20 years behind its time. You know, like that thing is, you know, that was, that's the old West Coast type stuff. And you know, there's guys, boy, they, they talk like they're fricking geniuses. And the great thing is I love going against them. I can tell you where every damn play's going. Well I, I haven't coached for eight years and can tell you every play. And so I think that's something that needs to be flushed out. And you've gotta start new. You gotta have, you know, get up with times offensively, use your, you know, come out of the huddle quick, use shifts, motions to help identify things and get yourself in a, in a great play.


And you know, there's people out there that obviously quite honestly be a hell of a lot smarter than me. But those would be the guys that you would hire and, and, you know, bring some energy and excitement. You know, I I think that's the, that's the missing thing, you know, and, and obviously, you know, I could think you, you gotta stack up wins and with this team, I look at a team, this jet team from a physical standpoint, from a personnel standpoint, this team is close to being a dominant football team. When you look at it talent wise, why the hell they're not playing to that level?


I don't know. Yeah. And again, I'm not, I'm, you know, I'm trying to, it, it is crazy, but I know when I get an opportunity to interview for it, I'm gonna get the job. That's how I feel about it. If I, if I get that opportunity, great. If not they want to go a different direction then than so be it. But I can tell you one thing, I never had this kind of talent when I coached the jets. Never close, never close to this kind of talent. So that, I'll just leave it, leave it at that. Yeah. All right. So how big of a voice would you give Mike Greenberg in your administration as coach of the Jets personnel? Does he get personnel choices? Yeah, absolutely. Greeny would, you know, be in charge of who we're drafting and all that?


No, I tell you what though. And that's the thing about like with Greeny and like the Jet fan base in particular, man, it is a passionate group and that's why the other thing is, I know there's a lot of great coaches out there, but I think I'm the guy for the Jets. And the reason for it is I connect with the Jets that Jet fan base and all that, all these other guys that you bring in, they ain't close to Connected. I've already done it. Alright. I, they're no different than me. I grew up a jet fan and my, with my dad coaching and, and that lineage that, that that we have there and I get the passion, I get all that and they know, look, we might not win every game, but I'll be Dan if we don't think we can.


And the other thing would be that every single thing that we have to give you, we're gonna give you. And that's it. That's my thing for my players. That's all I want is everything you got and a little bit more. And I think that the, the fan base of New York with the Jets in particular, they appreciate that. Yeah. And you know, like I said, we might not win every game, but We'll you, you're gonna know damn well you're in a fight. We've got an absolute psycho Jets fan memes. He's, he's our producer here. He actually like, makes Greenie look kind of reason. I actually think Greenie might be the problem. Have you had that conversation with him? Like what, what's, what's greenie's record as a fan of the New York Jets? You gotta flip it on 'em. Yeah, no, it's, I I'll say this though, I appreciate like the loyalty of that fan base.


'cause you're right that a lot of down years, there's no question about it. Only one, you know, one Super Bowl, super Bowl III might have been the greatest Super Bowl ever, but maybe the biggest Super Bowl in NFL history because it kind of, it, it led to the merger of the A FL and the NFL. But I mean, you gotta just, you, you appreciate the loyalty and all that, but they deserve a hell of a lot better than they're getting. Yeah. I hope you get an interview. Yeah, it'd be good for the NFL. Yeah. So Coach, I got a question for you. We're at this point of the season where we have all the contenders we feel like in our head, and then we have a lot of teams that are playing for nothing. If you are a coach and you got a team that's playing for nothing, how are you getting them motivated to get up and play every single week when you know, hey look, we got two wins right now, or three wins.


How the hell are we gonna get the most out of this team? What, what, what is the message when, when you're trying to do that late in the season? Well, unfortunately I've been in that situation yeah. Before, you know, my last year with the Jets. Like, we, whew, that was a rough one. But you know what's funny? My guys never stopped playing and, and they were always in it. And I think what happens is, first off, it's the relationship you've established with your players and things. It's, it, it's, it, it's not something that, you know, Hey, you know, I'm gonna be Winston Churchill and come up with some speech overnight now I'm gonna give them a play. No, the, that has to be built in from jump and that's from, you know, the way you connect with your players.


They gotta understand, I'll, I'll tell you about any players, whether it's today's game, you know, 20 years ago, 30 years ago, you know, they gotta know that you care about 'em. And I certainly do, you know, I understand this game. I've been around it all my life. The players are are special, special people. But I think they have to know about like, it's not always gonna go great, but this is what we've said from jump, this is what I've asked you to do. And it starts with you as a coach. Like I see some of 'em right now just mailing the thing in they, where the hell I, I see coaches, no passion, no whatever. They're like, Hey, let me go to my fricking yacht.


Well go to your yacht. You know what I mean? But to me, that was never about it. And I would always tell my team, I said, Hey look, if you need to see somebody you know, and how I want you to play the game, watch me, watch me. 'cause I'll be banned. If I'm gonna quit, I'll be damned if Mike, you know, I'm letting go of that rope. And my guys would never do it. They would play their asses off and, and I'll stand by anything bad seasons, good season. I'll always stand by the effort, the enthusiasm and passion my players played with and I coach with. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So in terms of like giving your team a spark this time of year, there's a couple of things that you can do as a coach. One, I mean, you're talking about the enthusiasm. I don't think that was ever a question for you.


But you also see some coaches trying to do the spark where they, they just figure, okay, what the hell? We'll start the backup quarterback this week. We'll put somebody else out there. Have you ever seen that work? Like I actually do think Tommy DeVito might be a spark that might, he might be a spark guy, but then you've got other coaches that put in backup quarterbacks that might not even be nearly as exciting as a starting quarterback and hope for a spark just because of, you know, a different person in that role. Have you ever played that game of musical chairs? I Did it one time and it was brutal. Who was it? I was so pissed at Sanchez. We had played Arizona the week bef you know, the week before. And what might go down as the worst game in NFL history.


I, I think with score might have been seven to six or something that we won the game somehow, but Sanchez and you know, and I love Mark, but he had a brutal game, absolutely brutal game. And I finally just looked over, I said, hell enough's enough. And I put Greg McElroy in. All right. And Greg wasn't gifted with the, the physical NFL skillset. Greg was one of the smartest dudes I've ever been around in my life. And I knew he'd do the right thing, whatever. But we put him in And we come back and he leads him down And we, we, you know, we get in the end zone And we win the game. I'll beit an awful game, but the next week I'm sitting back going, all right, you know what the hell with it?


It's, you know, I'm not just gonna throw out Sanchez again. I was so pissed at him, so disappointed. And, and I love Mark, but I thought he, I thought he needed to, to ride some pine just so he can, you know, he can understand that this is a possibility. And so I put in Greg McElroy And we get freaking annihilated next week by, by the Chargers. It was brutal. And it wasn't Greg's fault that the poor guy, bless his heart, I think he got sacked like nine times or something like that. I mean, we weren't very good obviously, but, but I, I tried it one time and when I see the Giants, the only question I have with the Giants is why not Drew Locke?


Yeah, yeah. He'd been the backup the whole season and now you're gonna put Tommy DeVito in there. That's the only question I have. Like, wait, you just brought this guy in to be a backup? Or Yeah. Is there something in his contract that if he starts, you know, you gotta pay him more money. I I don't know what the, what the deal is there. Yeah, it's very bizarre. It feels like a a a weird locker room right now. So if I were to say, and I'm not gonna hold you to this, but your life is on the line and you get to pick five teams that can win the Super Bowl this year. What are the five you're picking? You're like, you're dead if one of the, if another team wins, Right? I gotcha. Well, I can tell you one thing I don't have, I don't need, but one, I I mean I truly believe it.


I I think if Aiden Hutchinson doesn't get hurt, I think Detroit would've walked through this thing. Yeah. Would've walked through it. And the fact that my son coaches there is probably another reason I'm taking 'em. But I feel that confident about this team. This is a real football team and all you gotta do is like, you wanna see what your team thinks of their coach, watch how they play. Yeah. Watch how this team, like, they got little, they got little receivers down there pumping it a hundred miles an hour going downfield the block for these running backs. All, I mean, they, they are so selfless and I just love it. And they, I mean man, it's a, it's such a tight group and they built it the right way, man. They, they built it through.


I mean, character was important. You know, the love of of, of the game playing, the playing the game is important to these people. And man, it's a whole team of that. And they're bad asses. So I love Detroit. I absolutely love Detroit. Now obviously you're gonna take Kansas City because Patrick Mahomes, we've seen Andy Reed. I think Steve Spagnola is one of the, the greatest big game coaches as an assistant coach. He does a tremendous job there. And what I also know about Andy Reed is they're gonna start running the football. If they win, they wanna win games, they start running the football and that's what they do in the playoffs. I think that'll bode well for them. I love Josh Allen.


I think he's, he's my favorite player, player in the league. And their defense has actually played better than I thought. So I think you have to consider them Philadelphia. To me, talent wise, it has the most talent in the National Football League. And the Siri now he has the formula run the ball more than you throw it heavy up the protections for, for Jalen Hurts and, and let him use his legs too. Like that's gonna be a tough out man. Like that's, that that team right there is playing really well. Vic Gio, who worked for me a couple, a couple years in Baltimore is, is a tremendous coach.


He does a great job with that defense and their young players are flying around. So those are, those are teams right there. I guess that's four four. And then the fifth Wild card or the, the, the group is is Baltimore. Oh, So no, Pittsburgh. So Pittsburgh wins Pittsburgh for me if Pittsburgh Wins the Super Bowl, you, you're dead. I'm dead. Okay. I'm dead. Yeah, I'm dead. And here's the thing, I think Pittsburgh matches up great with Baltimore. I don't think they match up as well against these other teams. Yeah. So I think that's, that's the issue right there for me with with and Baltimore. Look guys, I mean you me, everybody should be able to, to be a hell of a coach for them.


You know, an offensive coach in particular when you have a Hall of Fame quarterback, alright, in his prime, you have a hall of fame running back maybe just outside his prime, but pretty damn, you know, pretty impressive leads the league, whatever you've got first round picks all over the place at receiver, you got two good tight ends. You got two Pro Bowl offensive linemen like that, they should be unstoppable. And then on defense, this is the team that was the number one defense in the league last year with pretty much same players. I, I get it, you lost Patrick Queen, you lost a couple guys. But you know, they added Wiggins who I thought was a, a tremendous corner outta Clemson. Like they ought to be, you know, they ought to be kicking some butt.


So I think that team at the beginning of the year, I thought they were the best team in the league and they were one and two because I just know from a talent standpoint, they're phenomenal. Yeah. There's one team in the NFC that everybody was talking about the start of the year. A lot of that talk's quieted down. They haven't played well the 49 ERs. So from our standpoint as just dumb ass fans watching the game, I think our analysis is that they're just not fun to watch on offense anymore. They used to be fun, they used to be unpredictable. Their running game was a thing of beauty in the past. Even if they were just carving you up on the ground all game the way that they would do it would be really interesting to watch what's going on from, from your standpoint as a defensive coach.


What's wrong with the 49 ERs? Well, I think offensively, you know, last week they never had Kittle. They really missed him. 'cause Kettle's not only just a great receiver was, and obviously one of the best red zone receivers in the National Football League, but he is also a tremendous blocker. So they missed him. I still like how multiple, as you mentioned, how multiple they are at running the football. I I think that's, you know, it, it's fun to watch. They just get, you know, McCaffrey back. So I expect them to get better that way. My problem that I'm having with 'em is on the other side of the ball, I think their defense is not in, not close to what it's been in the past. And it was interesting, they, they, they fired the defensive coordinator last year after the Super Bowl, right.


And they end up, I don't know who they added or whatever, but I think it was the dude Staley from, from the Chargers who we see the difference between their defense compared to what the defense is now. You know? So I don't know if that was an upgrade or not. I don't think it was. So, I I just don't have the, the same kind of fate that I've always had in their defense. I I don't think it's a top defense anymore. So maybe talent wise, but they're not playing that way. Certainly, yeah. What what about the Cardinals are the Cardinals for real? I like what the Cardinals are doing and Kyler Murray's been playing great. I wanna believe in the Cardinals because it's kind of a fun, no one thought they would win the NFC West.


It'd be fun if they were in the playoffs. Like, I'm, I'm, I'm rooting for the Cardinals. Well yeah, and I can tell you this, I mean, I respect the hell out of their game and, and what they've done, I think gen the general fans and that's what I am now initially at the beginning of the season I'm like, oh, you know, Cardinals are finesse or whatever. Oh no, they're not. They're just the opposite. This is a physical ass football team. And so to me, absolutely, and you know who they remind me of, they remind me of the lions two years ago. Oh, when, at the end of the year nobody wanted to play 'em. And I can tell you right now, nobody wants to play the Cardinals. Now look, their defense isn't up to, you know, up to where they want it to be, but man, that offense who they are physical as hell.


And I think I, I mean, I'm not gonna be shocked when this team, they may get in, I think they will get in this year, but going forward next year and the year after, watch out for them. I think they're, they're building a monster out there. They're building a bully. And I, I mean I love the, the approach that their team took because this is not the Arizona Cardinals, you know, under Cliff Kingsbury. This is a, a way different football team and it's one built on physicality. Yeah, Interesting. And it has been a lot more fun to watch Kyle Murray when he is being decisive and he is taken off. He's as electric of a playmaker as they come. Yeah, no, I mean, look guys, like how talented is Kyler Murray?


I don't know. He is what the eighth pick overall in Major League baseball, you know, with the eighties and like this guy's a, you know, first overall pick. He is an absolute freak. And I always love when people compare him to, you know, Bryce Young. Well, you know, they're the same. No, they're not the same size. Alright. Bryce Young is short. Like Kyle Murray is short, but he is not small. Alright? This is a size speed league. He is a jacked up dude. But I, I mean he, he, I would hate to have to stop that kid. Yes. Like I see him sometimes just make the entire football team miss. Like he is an absolute freak. Yeah. There's a, another quarterback drafted first overall plays pretty close to us. Big Cat here is a Bears fan, but we're, we're inundated here in Chicago.


We talk about Caleb Williams. He's looked pretty good the last couple weeks. He's been getting better I think over the course of the season. What do you see outta the bears? I know you said that the loss this last weekend was the best thing that could have happened to them. So maybe for all the Bears fans listening, like, listen to Rex. Why was that loss actually a very good thing minus the Packers part? Rex, come on Coach. Yep. Well know that part. I'm saying, saying this and here, here's the, and I get that, but here's why this team's not ready to make a run yet in the playoffs. Alright? You're gonna have a new head coach in there. Alright? You're gonna get a, a better draft selection and things. And I think it's good 'cause you don't want to go into next year having a same damn coaching staff.


Agreed. All right. You know what I mean? So I think that's why I'm saying what I'm saying. If they could get that Ben Johnson's gonna be a superstar, in my opinion, maybe the next Bill Walsh. Like, so to me if you could add him like, oh my God, this team, because ca this is a generational talent. He really is. And here's, here's how I can prove it. All right. When he throws the ball on time, so inside of three seconds he's in the top three in the league in QBR Alright, with almost like an 80 QBR when he holds the football. And this is a typical thing for young quarterbacks. When he holds the football, his QBR goes from 80 to 3.5.


3.5 historically bad. Alright? Historically bad. So basically what it's telling me is when he knows exactly where he is going with the football, he's lights out when he's not sure if you're trying one, no he's not there. Two, three, if if he's gotta play that position like a 12 year veteran, he's not there. Of course he's not there. So I think a lot of that comes down to coaching. Yeah, I think the kid is gonna be a phenomenal kid. And I tell you where I was really excited if I'm a Bears fan, I'm super excited about this. What I heard that he got up after the offensive coordinator was let go, he got up in front of the entire team and owned it, took responsibility.


That to me, blows that blew me away. I'm like, that's exactly who the hell I wanna block for. That's who I, you know, I mean, I would be proud to be that kid's teammate. So to me, if he's got that kind of thing, showing a little bit of that kinda leadership with the skillset he has, man, I'm telling you like I I think he's gonna be a superstar in the league. I really do. I'm not surprised he struggled. I knew he'd struggle, especially when I saw what he was doing offensively and how they, they set him up that way. They set him up with players but not the staff. And I think May next year they set him up with the, the correct coaching staff. I think they're gonna be loaded. So what I'm hearing from you, Rex, is that he, you're looking for an offensive coach to come in.


So are you officially taking your name out of the potential opening for the Chicago Bears? No, I'm just taking, I I'm just thinking right now to myself if, I mean, I would hire Ben Johnson instead of me. Okay. All right. And the reason for it is I think he's an absolute superstar in the making. Alright. I think I'm pretty damn good. But I think this kid right here has a chance to be outstanding like hall of fame type guy. Alright. I know the way he prepares, I know all that type of stuff. And to see him with a talent like Caleb Williams Oh, that would be, that would be, you know, tremendous. Yeah. Yeah. The head coach though guys, the head coach is not just about, you know, an offensive minded coach, a defensive minded coach.


That's way overblown. The, the number one job of a head coach is leadership and it's, it's connecting, connecting with your players, connecting with your fan base, all those type of things are important. All right. And obviously it's about the organizational skills, you know, setting up things and, and then a style of play. What is your style of play? You know, does that represent the community that you're coaching in? Does that represent the, the, the, you know, what you have for a vision of your football team? That's who needs to be a, a coach. Now do I think it's a perfect fit if Ben Johnson went there?


100%. Who? All right. So if not for Ben Johnson, what are the other names that you're seeing right now, whether defense or offense that are doing stuff that you're like, that guy's gonna be a great head coach? I think Aaron Glenn. Yeah. I, I think Aaron Glenn, he, he's the guy without question. Even when you hear about players who the number one coordinator is who they would want play for, it's always Aaron Glenn, the guy was a former player. We've seen it before. Dan Campbell had great success, right? Alright. Went back to his team, you know, and then you had Dko Ryans has done an outstanding job, both of 'em, former players, and then get the opportunity to come back.


I think, I think Aaron Glenn has it. And when you hear him interviewed, I'm like, that's the dang head coach. So I think he's got a chance to be, to be really special too, you know. So those, those are the two guys, the two coordinators that really jump out to my mind. You hear about Todd Kin's name thrown out and I think we automatically do that because he's with the best players. You know, sometimes those guys kind of get, get lumped in there. These are the, the best players and things like that. But, and it sounds crazy, but you know, there's, there's a lot of good coaches that are probably on, maybe not the superstar teams, but maybe we'll see down the road. But those are the two coordinators that really jump out to me.


Yeah. You're talking about leadership and, and how that's the most important job of a head coach. I'm curious, when you were in the league when you're coaching, how much of a an effort would you put into like adding new wrinkles to how you're gonna lead the team or different speeches that you're gonna give? Or at the end of the day, was it just, you're gonna go in there and you're gonna be you and you might try to get up there and try to do something else, but at the end of the day, like Rex is gonna shine through and having a consistent leader might be more appropriate than having a guy that's always trying to incorporate new things? Well, I can say this, I would just be myself. A player can see through a phony in two seconds. You know, a guy that's really not him. We, how many coaches that we see out of Belichick's tree go in to try to be Bill Belichick?


Yeah. Never works right? Never works. There's only one Bill Belichick. And if, you know, so I think there's where people fail. Go in, be yourself and if you're a, you know, you're a, you know, a nasty mean mother. Okay, that's you. You know, if you're a, you know, I always love this a player's coach. I think a player's coach is maybe the biggest compliment you can give a coach. Alright? Player's coach sometimes gets, people think, oh well, you know, he's just a nice guy. He's whatever. Lemme tell you something. A player's coach means they love respect that coach. Why? 'cause he loves and respects them.


Those are the things that you look for. And he's, he can lead, he can coach your ass hard all. Yeah. He can pat you on the back, but he can also get after you. And I think that's, you know, whatever's needed, whatever's needed is, is what a player's coach is. And I think it gets lost sometimes. Well, this guy won't smile. He's stoic on the, on the sideline. That doesn't mean he is tougher enough to have players coach that you talk about. Yeah. 'cause more times than not he's probably not even close. Yeah. At this point of the season, I, I'm always curious the, like you have what you do well, is there any changing things drastically? You know, let's say you're a middle of the road team or maybe you're even a team that is doing well.


Are you, are you changing anything at this point of the season? Or is it like, hey, we just gotta go with what we've got and, and keep trying to, you know, win football games? Well, you know what, that's a great question because the NFL great question is a week to week league. And so what you do schematically can vary. I mean, like, it's crazy. Yeah. You know, like you can go one week out, we gotta play. Yeah. We gotta, we gotta play an eight man front. We gotta blitz the hell out of this team the next week. We gotta play, you know, coverage, we're gonna drop eight. A lot of time it's, it's a chess match thing. Each week is, is different. And that's why so many times you'll speak, college coaches come in the league and fail miserably because they're not NFL coaches, right?


Like this is the men's league, they're a college and they're, hey, here's the system we run and that's it. That's great. But when the coaches know what the hell you're gonna do, you know, schematically, you're not giving your team the best chance to be successful. Yeah. So that's why I love seeing this guy's the west coast guy. If all he is the West coast guy, we'll we'll beat the dog at him. Alright? They'll be lucky to kick a field goal. Like, so it's gotta change, you know, it, it is based on week to week. So the preparation, I think part of the energy in, you know, on when, when you're, when you're in that locker room or, or you know, in the meeting rooms, two things I know.


'cause I have a philosophy. All right, you've heard like a kiss philosophy, right? That's keep it simple, stupid. I I thought that was for somebody else. I had a kill philosophy. Keep it likable and learnable. All right. And once it's likable, like, hey, look, I, I was a, a good student in maybe two classes. I love, I like those classes. You know what I mean? So my class, anytime you're in front of a, your team and you're presenting to your football team, it's gonna be like, I got the answers. Like, Check this out, man, here's what we're gonna do. So that's the big thing right there. But the other big thing is including people including your whole, like I'll take, even at when I was coaching in Baltimore, I would sit back and take every ro every guy that was gonna play that week would be starting in something for me.


It might be a three safety defense. It might be a, you know, we'd call that Spartan because the guy, the guy coming in was from Michigan State. We call, you know, whatever. We had a corner. All he could do is blitz. All right, well, alright, Batman, get in there. Batman defense. You gotta have something that gets them all going. And the here's what happens. Your, your practices are a zillion times better. A zillion times. 'cause I may play, I don't know how many snaps I I'm gonna play. I'm gonna start alright on game day. They all get in there. Guess what happens when you win? Everybody wins that whole locker room.


Everybody's part of it. And it just like, and and they're proud to wear that, you know, the Southwestern Bulldogs, you know, Jersey. Like, they're proud to be part of that team, but you need to include 'em. And that's where I love what Detroit does. How many times have we seen Detroit put extra linemen in the game? You know, nobody plays backup linemen. They do. You know, I used to with the Jets, you know, whoever, like, you'd include your roster. Yeah. And that's, that's what you do. Yeah. Yeah. It's a good point. Yeah. So what coaches out there do you think this year are doing the best job of that? Like getting guys to Play for him? Obviously Dan Campbell, I think is is doing an amazing job there.


I think Mike Tomlin's done. Yeah. Like how the hell really they're gonna win again. Yeah. So Mike Tomlin, in my opinion, and I remember last year when they were saying that he may be available, and I'm like, hell, every team in the league would hire Mike Tomlin. Every single team in the league. You guy's an amazing coach. But the greatest thing is he's amazing communicator. And, and, and it's just like what we, what I think is important. I think he does great. He connects, like he's, he's amazing. Yeah. And so to me, I think he's done an amazing job there. I think Harbaugh's come in and done a great job. Jim Harbaugh's done a great job.


He took over a team that really had no fricking guidance. All right. It was super talented, but had no guidance. You know, they stood for absolutely nothing right now. He's like, no, we're gonna have a tough football team. We're gonna run the ball. We have a Hall of fame talented quarterback and they're starting to use him more and more. But he wanted to emphasize the physicality that we're gonna be a physical football team at the beginning of the year. Now he's able to to, you know, to really, you know, take that part of it, but also add to this magnificent talent that they have at quarterback. So I love the way they're playing. And they flipped their defense overnight.


They went from Deadass last in the league because they brought in the right coordinator. Alright. They brought in this Jesse Minter, his, his, his dad. I actually coached under his dad, Rick Minter at the University of Cincinnati. And, and, and not only me coaching there, but at some other decent coach, a guy named John Harbaugh was there, a guy named Mike Tomlin. He coached, he coached with Raheem Morris. Like it went on and on the list of coaches that were there. And by the way, they fired him because he couldn't keep his good coaches. Yeah, no, no kidding. Yeah. They suffered the best coaches, you know, in the NFL. But, but either way he, he, he grew up around, you know, in and around that Baltimore raven type style of play defensively.


And he's done an amazing job there. Yeah, Great, great strength and conditioning coach too. Yeah. Ben Herbert. Herbert, right? Yeah. We, we got the chance to spend some time with Him. That, that's an underrated thing right there. Strength and conditioning thing. 'cause guess what, guess how many coaches know anything about strength and conditioning? That'd be zero. Nobody does Like, But it's so damn important. Yeah. And like, I remember we had, we had some, I had a great strength coach and it was like, we would make improvements sometimes during the season. Yeah. Like, I was like, damn, like, how the hell did this guy? But he gets it done. And, and you know, there's where like Cincinnati Bengals, they gotta look hard.


Like why isn't this team in the playoffs every year? They should be okay, but they gotta look hard at what they do at the beginning, you know, the beginning of the season. 'cause they can't beat anybody the first two weeks of the season. Like their record is atrocious. That means your team's not physically fit ready to, to take on an NFL season. It's a good point. So I think, but that's where that strength and conditioning staff is, is vital, I think. Yeah. Do You wanna have a, a complete psycho as your strength coach or do you want the the assistant strength coach to be the psycho? I don't care. Just as long as they get it done. But I think part of it is like a, again, guys that can teach but know what the hell they're doing and do they have that passion that, that energy, that that fire and all that.


That's what I love. You know, get a guy that can make me go in the weight room and lift. Like, what, okay, let's go. You know, I might be short on ability, but this dude's getting me everything out of me. Yeah. There was an old coach named Steve Waterson who's with the Titans for a hundred years, the Oilers. All right. And, and I love that guy, but I heard a story about what he did. He had, so Chuck Cecil was a hundred years old playing for him and you know, big hitter, you know, great hitter and all that type of stuff. But Chuck couldn't have bench 1 35, you know what I mean? And so what did he do? He never had Chuck Cecil work with the other, his teammates or whatever.


No. He had Chuck come in early and to get his lifted in because he wanted Chuck Cecil to be at his very best. He never needed to embarrass him or anything like that, but he was gonna get Chuck at his very best. That's what real strength coaches do. They, they sit back. It's not about an embarrassing thing. I don't want a guy hiding in the weight room, you know, because I'm, you know, a guy's not strong firsthand info. That's what I used to do. All right. So these guys, the great ones, you know, ev every program is, is, is built for the individual. You know what I mean? And yeah. Can we do things collectively? Yeah, sure. But we also are never gonna embarrass the player.


We're gonna get 'em at their very best. And that's how you, that's how these great strength coaches work. Yeah.


Okay. So coach, this has been awesome. I have one last question for you. It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-P-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code. Take. Always love having you on.


We, we touched on it briefly. Give us a pick. Actually, you know what, give us your favorite pick for Sunday. Do you have a game that you love? I mean, I'm trying to run 'em down. Well, I, I, my other part was if you could just give us a, a winner for Monday Night Football, the Harbaugh Bowl. 'cause everyone's gonna be tuning into that. I think it's gonna be a great game. I think it's gonna be an amazing game. But I'm gonna go with John. Okay? I'm gonna go with John strictly because it's hard for me to ignore a Hall of Fame quarterback and a hall of fame running back. I mean, look, last week we saw him get beat. How did they get beat?


They ran the damn ball 13 times with that kid, you know, with Derrick Henry. Why? You know, and and guess how many carries he got guys in in the fourth quarter, you guys know is Dero. Yeah. How the hell does Derrick Henry not carry the ball in the four quarter of a game like that that, you know, is gonna be tight? I think they get back to it. I'm sure John's gonna be like, Hey, hey Todd Monkin dude, run him, run him till his damn tongue is dragging. I wanna see 30 carries from Derrick Henry. I I would not be surprised if, if that doesn't happen in this game, A physical game. He's, I love, He's one of the guys that, that you have to keep going. He, he tough. He softens up a defense over the course of a game and at the end of the game, he's able to run dudes over that probably would've tackled him in the first quarter.


And this is what we saw from the Ravens last year in the Playoffs. It, it's mind boggling that they would make the same mistake again, I guess better to make it now than to make it in in January. Yeah. I mean, clearly last year, I, I I couldn't agree more last year they were the best team in the National Football League. I don't think it was even a question. And then the handle that game, they had six runs to the running backs in the playoffs. I thought that was crazy. Yeah. I never thought I'd see it again. Then I saw 13 carries with Derrick Henry. So Yeah, I mean, I I'm I'm with you on that. It's like, golly, it's, it's, you know, you just wanna see the big guy go and, and, and you're right, this dude doesn't get going until he carries it, you know, 12, 13, 14 times.


Then he starts going and then by the end of it, what I've noticed is guys start making business decis decisions. Yeah. And tough guys. Yeah. Like tough guy. Like, you know what, damn the shoulder, you know, I ain't, I'm not coming up there and hitting them with the thing, you know, the same enthusiasm I had at the beginning of the game. A lot of times that happens. I've seen tough guys, you all of a sudden he not so much anymore. So yeah, I, I think that could be the difference in this game. Just feed the beast. Yeah. All right. Love it. Alright, well coach, thank you as always. Hopefully you're coaching the Jets next year. Yeah. Good luck. I, I, I, Yeah, we'll see, I will announce my official endorsement of Rex Ryans to the New York Jets.


I'll match. Yeah. I'm gonna match meme. Do you agree Sir? I also agree. Okay, there We go. There we go. Clean. We got three people right here. Sweet. Alright, thanks so much coach. Appreciate the time. My pleasure guys.


Welcome back to another Fyre Fest of the week. It's brought to you by our great friends over at Morgan and Morgan. You know, it really sucks having to wait so long and having it just hang over your head that you have to pitch to a division one college baseball team. You know what else really sucks Getting injured, but you know what doesn't suck? Calling Morgan and Morgan so they can help get you, help you get what you deserve. While they can't help Max throw a fastball, they can help fight to get you full and fair compensation when you're injured. The fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone.


Okay. Fire fest time, Henry. Yep. Laying on us. I got, I got some Karma. Oh. Oh, You're Getting a new Karma. Karma. Karma. Sick karma Not getting a sick karma. I think I knew as soon as I said it. I think I said it in the beginning that I'm just saying this out loud, even though I know I'm not gonna do it, that clip got clipped and put on social media. So I was getting hit up, hit up by people that I know don't listen to the podcast and I haven't talked to in a while that are like, what kind of car are you getting? Like, what's going on? New car, new car? And I was like, oh man, didn't, didn't think this was gonna happen. That clip had people hitting me up being like, dude, your car's not sick. Swear to God.


Yeah, I know. I was like, it's apparently not, You know, when things break through and it doesn't, even though it's a big show, there's still times when I know things have broken through the bubble just based off of like, I have friends that listen to the show and they'll hit me up about the show. But there's people when they hit me up about, you know, the show or parcel things, I'm like, where did you see this? Yeah. Where, where is this coming from? And of all the clips from the show to break through. I'm, I I have no idea why that one. It's, you just want a new Car? No, it's, it's also I've long thought like it's just completely random. Yes. There's random shit, like the most random shit will, will break through at random Times. And I think my car also heard the clip and got mad at me. Oh no.


What Happened today? It was snowing, snowing bad. I didn't even know it was supposed to be snowing as hard as it was lake effects probably. I, I I I, I was pissed that it was, I thought it was gonna be a dusting. I wanted a dusting to start and then it was dumping, Dumping and I'm on the way to work. I'm, you know, in a big line at a red light. So I was stopped. It was going very slowly, you know, put the gas on for a second just to move up. And then when I hit the brake, my car just slid. Yeah. The car in front of me was like a, a maintenance truck or like a working truck where they just had one of those big, you know, nut bolt things at the end, like latch a trailer on. So that just like punctured my grill.


Oh. That car was fine. And I was just like, it wasn't thank, thankfully I wasn't going fast or even like I was, I literally tapped the gas and then hit the brake and just slid right into Did you get out in front of me? Yeah. The guy was like, oh, I'm so sorry you were right. I'm like, yeah, I'm fine. My car just Fucking Yeah. You're, you're fucking car just killed mine. Yeah. So Some, now the people out there that would say like, Hank might not be that good of a driver, what would you say to them? I'd say my records proves itself. I drove a fucking bus across the country. Fact in the, in a blizzard? Yeah. Yeah. Fact. And I've driven it through a city. Well What about the fact that, I mean, that was, that was some bad multiple cities. That was some bad karma.


You shouldn't have said that about your car. I know You really dissed your car. I know karma. Shit. What are you gonna do? I'm gonna get a new grill. You're get a new grill. Are you gonna get a super, Why not just get a new car That, well, we've tabled that internally. It's, it's interest. Well, your car's total tank. When, when, when the sun comes out and it's summer that, that conversation, but it's, it's dark. It gets dark at four o'clock. It's snowing. Like there's no, no need for a, a sick car at this moment. Okay. Yeah. What about a sick grill though? I am gonna get a sick grill. You could get a sick grill and then you feel like it's a sick car. Yeah, that's that.


I don't need a, I don't need a new car. I never did. I should have never said it, but Damn. Oh man. I'm sorry. Hank Karma. Karma. Hank is gonna put his car through like pimp my ride and just put a bunch of different mods On Onto, it's just turn into a, he's just gonna Get a golf club car that way. He Should get the hydraulics for It. Or you like golf? That's the van. The van Is turn your car to a golf. The van is the fun project. Okay. PFT My fire fest of the week is very closely related to something that happened this afternoon when five star quarterback Bryce Underwood flipped his commitment from LSU.


He'd been, he had been committed to LSU since I think January Of this year. Ah. And he flipped it today to Michigan. That's fine. It's all well and good. Whatever kids change their mind. People come in with money sometimes at the last minute. In this case people have been saying it's up to $10 million for Bryce to flip his commitment from LSU to Michigan. We happen to work for a very wealthy Michigan booster who has been publicly saying, I will fund good quarterbacks to come to Michigan. I have to go to LSU tomorrow and play a concert with pop punk. And I forgot about that. LSU fans are not happy with Barstool Sports at the moment.


I don't have it as bad as, there's some people that work here that are, they went to LSU, they're close to LSU and they're getting blamed for it. They had nothing to do with it. But the, I have to go actually there and see LSU fans and students face to face and I love LSU and they're gonna take their hatred. I don't know if they'll of Dave out on me. Okay. So let me try to help you a little bit and people could spread the word at LSU to, to, you know, treat pup punk with respect. I have a little bit of insight into it. I know Dave is involved. I do not think Dave used his own or Barstools money. Okay. So that maybe helps a little. I know Dave's been involved, but I do not think it was his personal money Myself.


Rome. Yeah. I don't think anyone, I think Caroline, Robbie, Frankie, we, we had nothing to do with it. Yeah. Anyone that's a student and sees him gloating about it, like they're not gonna, no, it sucks. They're not gonna worry about the details. But I also think, And it's an easy person to blame. I also think students aren't the ones that are like going after Megan. And I think it's like, you know, 40-year-old dudes Yeah. Who are, who are sitting online yelling at 18 year olds. I I I think that's more the, I don't think the pup punk, the pup punk crowd and the people who are tweeting, like in DMing mean things to Bryce Underwood are the exact same Venn diagram. Probably there's a little bit of overlap probably, but not Totally. Probably not. But Fred's we're playing at Fred's and that's a big place.


There's, I forgot about this people there and it's one of my favorite places in the world. We're gonna have fun no matter what. I didn't do it. There's no blood on my hands. Yeah. I didn't do it. Well there could, I mean there is, there is blood on your hands. How, I mean, this podcast has helped build Barstool Sports, which put Dave Portnoy in a spot where he could maybe get a quarterback to flip from LSU to Michigan. I Didn't do it. If I had known there's A little bit of blood on if I'd Had tie and you had gone back and told me the, the day before we started parting my tape in 2004, Michigan will flip an LSU five star quarterback. I would've said, I'm gonna Bleacher report Dan. Oh, good luck with this whole podcast thing.


2004 sounds like it's gonna be a hit. Oh, just a tiny bit. Not, not a lot. Yeah. Look, I'll say, I'll say right now, listen, I got a little blood on my hands. I, who's, I won't be in Baton Rouge, but I, I got a little blood on my head. It has been funny seeing people say like, I'm done with college football. This is ruined college football. This is gonna Happen every year. Players, they've been getting paid for decades. Also. Can I just say one thing for LSU and, and I know this isn't gonna help, he's from Detroit. If he was from Baton Rouge, I would be like Totally understand. Yeah. Bullshit. Everything. He's from Detroit. Yeah. So like, and when you get a guy committed at this point in college football, in the, we, in the weird world that is college football, you don't really have him until he shows up on campus.


Kids flip all the time. You could Flip him back. You Could flip 'em back. Flip 'em back. Do it. That would be a power move. If you flipped him Back, it would, they can't say shit to you if you flip him back. Yeah, flip 'em back. Do it anyways. Come see Puff Punk at Fred's tonight, Friday. And, and PFD only has a little bit of blood on his, this is a little bit just a tiny, tiny, tiny little small amount. My Pinky's got blood On it. Yeah. I mean Dave, Dave was involved. He was involved. He was involved. I know that. Okay. My fire fest is, I, you guys know I don't really sleep any to begin with, but I have, and this is for all the parents out there. I finally hit the point, my 3-year-old, my daughter came into my room on Wednesday morning, maybe like six 30 in the morning and she went right up to my bed and she said, Hey daddy, I figured out how to get outta my crib.


That's bad. So that's over. So I have now six months where I'm gonna have to deal with that because that's how it works with kids. You hold 'em in the crib for as long as possible until they, they, she has been able to get out of physically been able to get outta that crib for about a year now. But she never had a click. And then I found out the next day through conversations around the house, it was my five-year-old that taught her how to get outta the Cri. Mm. So smart. They're colluding against me. Did teamwork. And now I'm gonna have every single night, like little raptors, if it's anything like my, my oldest every single night for the next six months, my daughter will come into my room at two in the morning and be an inch from my face and say, Hey, can we get up now? And that will happen every single night for six months.


Have you thought about putting a top on the crib? Yeah, I don't, I don't really wanna do that at That point. It's just a, A cage. Yeah, it's a cage. I just, it is like one of those things as a parent, you have it in the back of your head. You know, there's a day that they will figure out how to get outta the crib. You just hope that day doesn't come for as long as possible. And then when it does come, you're just like, God fucking damnit. I'm just thinking through other dog training options, which is basically the same thing as raising children. Either the cage or I, I would say shock collar for a dog. I don't know if you'd wanna do that with your children. Yeah. Maybe an electric fence. Yeah. Electric fence. Invisible Fence bedroom. Yeah. My daughter stays in her crib. Oh it's so bad. It's so bad. And the fact she's An invisible fencing girl, they Colluded.


It's so bad. So bad. But also like good teamwork by them. Right? Yeah. I guess I'd rather they not do that, but yeah. Good teamwork by them. They're, they're working together like Yeah, you showed me. Okay, great. Alright, do we have pug in here? Where's pug? Ladies And gentlemen from coast to coast C to C. Our president, the one and only pug. He's you're watching on the video. He is waving. Okay. Pug. So, oh, Teleprompter malfunction.


Mr. President, How we doing? How we doing? Okay, Pug. Hey Pug. Yeah. Stand up to recognize Mr. President, what would you like to say to us for people who are confused right now? We, we decided on election night that we were gonna elect our own president. So we elected pug as the president of, Pardon My Take. And Blake Bortles as the vice president of, Pardon My Take. So this is Pugs first state of the union. State Of the pod. State of the pod. Yeah. Really just, just a policy update I guess. Okay. Just a single policy we'll be adding starting right now. Okay. So the two people who have not gotten the lottery ball, PFT memes.


Well I have gotten Going forward you will now be picking each other's lottery ball. Oh, memes is a fucking loser. Yes, Paul. Until Further notice. Pete. Yes. Blake also approves pug. Mm. Pug before. Wait, hold on. Pug, We gotta stick together. Mees we gotta stick together. If he Has blood on his hands. Yeah, he does memes. You Do P Yeah, you just me. Yeah. The numbers that that have, that you've put up on social for this pod that those line Dave Portnoy's pockets. Yep. Pug question for you. Yes. Did you have any other further conversation with Blake portals? No. It was just the preliminary conversations. Yeah, So I don't think Pug realizes this.


Blake in the nicest way possible basically told Pug, I do not care about this. Please do not talk to me. So I, last night I was sitting there and I see Pug tweet, does anyone know how to get in touch with Blake Bortles? I think he was just tweeting at me. It was kind of like the ticket fiasco all over again where he's just too afraid to ask me and he just decided to tweet it. So I then put Pug and Blake Bortles on a text chain together and I said Blake, I put our producer pug on this text. Pug is a president of PMT, you're the vp, you guys should be connected. And then pug responded. Thanks Big Cat. What's up Blake? Didn't wanna make any new policies for PMT without safe from the vp.


I'll throw some ideas your way and let me know if you have any as well. Look forward to working together. To which Blake replied, pug, the pleasure is all mine. Hell of a campaign we ran. I want you to know whatever thoughts, ideas, or wild hairs you get, feel free to act immediately. I will always support and keep the border in check chat soon. Vp That was the nicest way for Blake to say just do it dude. So now we now we have a king. Yeah, we have a monarch. We're gonna have to get pug, we're gonna have to get Blake more involved. So I was, I was wondering like, did, did Pug text Blake on the side? 'cause that would've been so funny.


If he did. You need to next time. I just wanted to get his approval at first before I went forward. He gave you full approval. So Now that we have that, We're good to go. He literally said whatever you want to do, you can do. Alright, so, so PFT is picking memes number and memes is picking pf t's number. Yes. That is so diabolical. So If, oh, this is The bet. Yeah. No, no. So if, if, if, if PFT picks memes number and a memes number comes up, memes has gotten it Correct. The number PFT picks Goes towards love memes and the number of memes picks goes towards PFT. No. Hypothetically, if that happens, we all agree that we won't give that guy shit and be like, oh, you've never gotten on your own.


Right? Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Cool. Okay. Numbers p Ft 99. Oh, Good work. Thank you. Memes. That's fine. I'll take three. Memes will have 77, 17. Okay. 1194 Put 19. That's Jack. What's what what's my number? 77. All right. 21. I feel like those are heavy numbers. When does Jack have to get ridiculed for not getting it? He's gotta at least be able to go for a few months. I think he's got like a year. Yeah, he might, he might have like five years.


46 president. Sorry mean. All right. We'll see you everyone Monday. Love you guys.