
On today's, Pardon? My Take. We have an NBA finals set. We also have our good friend Alex Cruso from the Oklahoma City Thunder, getting ready for the NBA finals. We also are gonna talk to our good friend Ray Romano, ahead of our chill week in Tahoe. He'll be competing talking about his golf game comedy. Great interview. We're gonna talk about the weekend sports that were, we got a little national sports podcast stuff to hit. Hot seat, or, sorry, who's back of the week? Got a little screwed up there. Well, last week Max sprung the, the hot seat. Cool. Thrown Friday on us. Well, no, I knew he told us that before. Yeah. But then he sprung it on us. He sprung it on us after he like to flex muscles. We did tell us that before muscle and be like, Hey, just so you guys know, I sold a hot seat.


Cool throw. But we got, we got a, we got a great show getting ready for the week.


And it is brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA finals are here. This is your last chance to bet on the NBA Until next season. In DraftKings Sports book and of official sports betting partner of the NBA is pulling out all the stops to make this a finals to remember, one team will be Crown champ and the other will be lost to history. Who you got winning it all. Put your hoops expertise to the test. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop. Now. Who's going to carry their team to the chip? Try placing a bet on your personal MVP to drop 30, 40 or over 50. Ready to place your first bet. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now. Lock in your bets and finish the season as a winner. Here's something special for first timers, new DraftKings customers bet $5. Get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA this season. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. Okay, let's go. Yeah, my take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA this season. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet five bucks only on DraftKings of Crown is yours.


Today is Monday, June 2nd and the Indiana Pacers are in the NBA finals in 49 states. It's just a game. It's just a game in Indiana. Yep. It's life in 49 states. It's just basketball. Congrats though to the Indiana Pacers. Incredible season, incredible run through the playoffs. They are so much fun to watch. And they take down the Knicks. Let's, let's glaze on the Pacers though before we talk about the Knicks. Okay. Alright. We do some gazing. I can glaze 'em. Pascal aka Well-deserved series. MVP. Right. It was obviously, people were talking about the moment where Tyrese Halliburton thought he had won the Eastern Conference. Final MVP.


Now, PFT, you and i I think are in lockstep with this. We've always said that the MVP awards in these series don't mean anything. Tyree Halliburton is the best player on that team. Yeah. He deserves respect for that. Well, that anyone who says differently is like silly. That's the beauty of NBA basketball and the sport of basketball overall is it's about team. Right. And there's no I in team, there's no MVP in team. Right. And you're like, Ty, that's Tyrese Halliburton's team. You, you would never say, oh, who's team is it? I Mean, obviously Just because he won an MVP for a series pass was great. Tyrese Is a straw that stirs the drink. Correct. He is. I mean, without Tyrese, none of this works. Yeah. The, the, you know, instant baskets after a made layup. Yep. Those don't happen without him out, out letting the ball down the court.


Yep. He's the most important player, I think on the team. Everyone would agree to that. MVP, who cares? You get it. Who cares? You get a weird, you get the, the Larry Bird trophy. Yeah. Okay. Very cool. Who cares? Yeah. That is cool. But people remember the, the team accolades, not the individual awards. Right. That's that's all right. You agree with that? Yeah. Yeah. In the, in the finals, I think people tend to remember that's A little bit different. Individual acs. I wouldn't have that same take in the finals. Yeah. And the finals. It's okay. That means something. Series MVP. It's like, okay, well sometimes the best players, they save a little something for the finals, you know? Yeah. So it really matters whose name is on that trophy after it's all said and done. AKA though, I think he had, did he have three games where he was over 30 points? He was just an absolute monster in transition.


It felt like the entire Pacers team pace wise, which is obviously, no pun intended, but they torched the Knicks in terms of pace transition. They outscored the Knicks 74 points in transition in this series. It felt like on Saturday night, it wasn't even the Pacers playing their best game. It was just the Pacers like were try, it was actually the Greg Doyle, Greg Doyle being a weirdo asking for clarification on Pascal, on how the Knicks tried harder. It felt like every time there was a rebound, it wasn't even rebounds too, it was just made baskets. They would get out so fast and it would be Carl Anthony Towns like running, you know, spinning around, getting a layup line on him.


And the Pacers like, they just kept on pushing it, pushing it, pushing it. And I also wanna give a shout out to Andrew Emhart, who was incredible. Got Headbutted. He, he got Headbutted. He had Brunson. I think Brunson scored four points in the fourth quarter. He was, they, they were playing ferocious defense on him. Andrew M. Hart, though, through the Playoffs. He, when he is a primary defender, Damien Lillard, in the first series, Damien Lillard had 23.3% field goal percentage, 14.3% from three Donovan Mitchell in the second round, 23.3% field goal percentage, 16.7% from three. This is all when Andrew Emhart is the primary defender. And then against Jalen Brunson, 38.2% field goal percentage, 30% from three.


He was awesome. He was great on defense. And Jalen Brunson look, he continued to look shaky when he was handling the ball. Like he just doesn't see double teams coming ever. Yeah. And he, you can tell that he gets a little bit, I don't know, in his own head. They make him nervous. They did a good job of making him uncomfortable. Yeah. And then Nim Hart playing just lockdown defense. That was awesome to see the pacers the, the pace of Indiana basketball is so fun to watch. I don't wanna, I don't even wanna look ahead that much to the finals. Yeah. Because we can Well, there'll be time for that. 'cause we don't play until Thursday show. We're Gonna, we're gonna have Priscilla on for a full finals. Can I, can I say one thing though about the finals? Yeah. Because obviously there's gonna be a lot of the ratings discourse, which we've already said. Who the fuck cares? I'm gonna, I actually think this is going to be a fun matchup.


I think the Pacers obviously are gonna be tall task. 'cause OKC looks nearly unstoppable. But if you look at, just since January 1st, because the pacer season it started, Halliburton was dealing with some injuries. Emhart was dealing with some injuries. They started kind of clunky. They had, I think they got blown out a few times in the first couple of weeks. I think they were 10 and 15 at one point, with a loss to Charlotte. So it was a bad start for the Pacers. But since January 1st, the best two records in the NBA are the Oklahoma City Thunder at 53 and 13. And the Indiana Pacers at 46 and 18. These are the two best teams since January 1st. I'm very excited for this matchup.


And I think the Pacers are very much deserving. People are gonna be like, oh, well this, this sucks two smaller markets. The Pacers are just playing great basketball. And they took advantage of an east that was a little up topsy turvy. But I, I actually think they were, they would've been here anyway. Like the way they'd been playing. Yeah. It was Hickson six and the Knicks, they, they would've beaten the, the Celtics regardless of the injury. Yeah. So let's remember that. Oh, Hank, Hank, they was gonna be up three to one against the Celtics. They blew A much bigger lead with less time In game One of this series. That's True. That is true. Yeah. It's true. So, but I I, It's impossible to make that point. Okay. Well, I, I think that it's fair to say that the pacer we'll never know The Pacers played best. The, they played the best basketball, the most consistently of any team in the postseason.


Is that fair to say? Yeah, definitely. Okay. So Ipso facto, they are the best team in the East. I Can't Argue that. And, and Rick Carl can argue Rick Carlisle needs some respect. Give Rick Carlisle respect because the man is a great coach. NBA champion Rick Carlisle. Yeah. People forget That. And Paul George needs some respect. We, we alluded to it last week, but the other, the Paul Paul George Finals. Paul George was traded for, I think it was Saboni and Ola Depot, and then they became Tyrese, Halliburton. I think also some draft picks that I think Shepherd was one of them. And then also Paul George was traded from OKC that became SGA. It's the Paul George finals. But I, I don't wanna look too much ahead to the finals and be like, oh, I think this is gonna happen.


Because there's a lot of that discourse going on out there right now. I just feel good for the Pacers. I Feel good for the Pacers. They're a great team. I'm excited for the matchup. I know that people, People, and this was, it was a great matchup between the, the Pacers and the Knicks and for the Pacers, in terms of the style of basketball that each one excels at. It was as good as you could get for him. They were great in the postseason. Congrats to the city of Indianapolis. Congrats to Mr. Erse. He gets the assist on that game one. Dan Dockage. Dan Dockage, Kaitlyn Clark in the, in the audience. This is really a Kaitlyn Clark championship right here. Yeah. This Yes. Act, the stat. I don't know. You look like you're about to give a take. Well, no, I, I, I did some, some advanced research for the Pacers.


Again, we're not gonna do our finals preview till with, with Illa. But Caitlyn Clark is the Indiana Pacers are seven and Oh, when Caitlyn Clark is in attendance. Yeah. It's a Caitlin Clark playoffs In effect. Now, the first two games in Indiana, she has no conflicts. Game six, they have a road game. The fever against the re Okay. Do you know where the Val are from The Vals? The Vals are from? I did not, I'm not taking credit for knowing where the New Mexico No, no, no, No, no. The Valkyrie Where? New WN Sweden. Sweden. The Valkyrie are Golden State's team. Mm. Okay. So they also have a game. I believe it's Game six is June 19th, is the schedule. The Valkyrie are playing The fever.


That could be, that could swing the, I mean, if she's there on, on game three and four, the Pacers are gonna win. She has To go to every game. Right. When she doesn't have a conflict that, And she doesn't. Yeah. Like I looked at it, she, she plays, I think the night before game three. And then the next game's a home game. And then it's the same thing. Like the game four is the Pacers play. I think Friday night and the Fever play Saturday. So she'll be there for those two. I don't know what she's gonna do with this. This problem with the Valkyries. I don't know's a val problem. I don't think it's gonna get there. I don't wanna be there. You don't think it's gonna get to six? But no, I, how do the math, Hank Caitlyn Clark attends game four. She's forced four. It's guaranteed to go at least six. But the Val crease, We need somebody, we need somebody in the media to step up and be like, I believe in the Pacers.


I mean, I have Reggie Miller will be conference. People mad about that. I have this, this entire, I, I don't know you guys, how'd you guys feel? Well, Reggie Miller offended when he showed up wearing black for the funeral. Yeah. No shit. Announcers usually wear black. So when Reggie's like, yeah, you know why I'm, I'm wearing this outfit. It's like, yeah, that doesn't really look that much different from your normal outfit. He Also was just wearing a black vest. He wasn't even wearing, wearing all black. Yeah. Yeah. So there wasn't really funeral attire. No. That's a funeral for somebody that like your friend knew and you go along as moral support. I've been standing up for the Pacers these playoffs. I don't know what's gonna happen. What? I mean the final, That's what I mean, in the next round, I'll probably just stand up for him and just be like, fuck it. I was wrong. Who cares? I mean, you can't, you are right. I didn't understand the people that were upset at Reggie Miller for Well, I mean, they presenting the trophy and celebrating.


Yeah. But like, who cares? No, I, I agree. I actually don't think he was like wildly biased too. Calling the games. Yeah. Memes. But obviously he's a little biased. I mean, just his presence makes it feel biased. Memes, it, it felt extremely biased. He's journalism who was the next new journalism play by play announcer for every game. Mike Bre. Mike Bre. Mike. Mike. Mike Bre, Mike Bri's a man. Yeah. Yeah. Not biased. He calls it it straight. Right. He's definitely not biased. Reggie Miller, he's the bank. He like The bank. But it's funny because like New York does get, they have a lot of bias in the media. And then one time that the Pacers get one guy, everyone's like, how could this be? Well, he's also maybe the most biased guy ever. Reggie Miller against the Knicks. Yeah. But I don't think the game, it's funny.


I have no Problem with it. I don't think in calling the game. I never was like, holy shit. No, no. He's going over this. He did it outside of the game. I Would be like, holy shit. What Reggie Miller just said was very dumb. Right. But I wasn't like, holy shit. What Reggie Miller just said was very biased. Correct. Correct. Yeah. Correct. But yeah, I'm excited for the Pacers. They're a very fun team. Pascal, what a fucking move to get him. 'cause he was, I believe remember they remember they like overpaid for Bruce Brown, like $20 million. Everyone's like, what? What the hell? Defense. And they basically were just like, no, we're just gonna take this contract so that we can just trade it eventually. Yeah. I'm pretty sure that was the Pascal ci.


And they obvi. Yeah. Bruce Brown. Yeah. Yeah. And that was kind of like Pascal Sicca. Both teams went all in with, with trading some picks for a Pascal Siman and Mikhail Bridges Pass Girls AKA was better. Right. So neither one of the teams in the finals are in the luxury tax, right? Correct. So they actually, the Pacers haven't been in the luxury tax in 20 years. I heard Wendy say that they're gonna get permission to go into the luxury tax afterwards. That's huge. So tax bills and teams performance since 2012. The Pacers have not paid any luxury tax. The Thunder obviously have, 'cause they had those teams where they had, you know, KD and Russell Westbrook, and then they obviously had the Russell Westbrook, Paul George teams.


But yeah, it's pretty crazy that they, they actually, I I, so I have a, a chart in front of me. They've paid zero luxury tax and they have 51 playoff wins in that time, which is pretty crazy. And they, I think it's, they have the same amount of playoff wins as all the other teams combined who didn't pay the luxury tax in those years. Did you Well run organization. Did You see Herb Simon, their, their governor? Yeah. After the game. The best tradition in sports, letting the owner get the trophy first. Of course, that poor guy Reggie knew Yeah. That he was not capable of holding the trophy on his own. So he like gave it to him and then kept his hands on it, helped him lift it up and then immediately was like, get this shit out of your hands.


Yeah. Let let an athlete hold this herb. Let someone else get it. But yeah, it's cool. It's cool. Two, two small market team. I think the Pacers are the 25th biggest market. I don't know what OKC is, but it's gotta be Probably lower. It's gotta be down there. Yeah. Yeah. It's cool. You could drive to the, to the finals 11, 11 hours back and forth. But that's pretty good. The Subway series. Yeah, it's the subway Series. Alright. So congrats to the Pacers. We're excited for the Pacers. John Halliburton. He's gotta get on the floor, Get him on the wood, get him on the, you gotta Get, you gotta get him on the wood. I don't know. I don't think they can, part of the terms of his parole are, you have to stay in the box. That might be box of the year. Yeah. You got John Halliburton, Tommy Al Alter, all the heavy hitters.


All the heavy hitters. IWI do think, I think McAfee probably needs to do, although you can't really do the same speech, You can't be with OKC. It, it sucks that, that John the Cougar, the Cougar Mellencamp had to like, go out there and make that statement. Like apologizing for McAfee. I don't know how John Cougar Mellencamp deputized himself as like speaking for Indiana all songs, but he was like, Hosier hospitality. Well, he says, I was born in a small town. Right? Yeah. Indianapolis not that small of a town. No. I I just, that was one of the dumbest controversies ever. Because it was like McAfee did what he does very well. You hand him a mic, he's going to Antagonize call An awesome wrestling firm. Yeah. Literally in the wwe. Yeah. Like, he, like he's a member of the wwe.


He's, he might be number one guy that you'd want to hand a mic to in a live sporting event and just let him talk. Yeah. And for anyone to be upset about that is insane. Yeah. Especially New York people. Ben Stiller, his, his, his, his t tweet was crazy when he was like, It's New York would never do this. It's Very funny how there's so many, you would, there's so many comedians that don't actually have a sense. Reggie humor. They were like, like screaming at Reggie Miller last year. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. No, the, the comedians without a sense of humor. But also, you know what, and I'm not defending Ben Siller, but this is also like sports fandom is the great equalizer. Yeah. Because You're just like, no matter what, you could be the funniest guy in the world. You could be the, I can go with every joke.


If your team loses, you just act like a little bitch for 24 hours. Yeah. You're like, I, that's just what you Do. I can't believe that Dom Rickles told me to take his wife. That's not funny. Yeah. That's not funny Dom. But It really is. It just makes everyone a little bitch for 24 hours. Which is, I, you, you gotta just kind of let it let it go. Yeah. That's just what people are gonna, are gonna do. So we have to have the conversation now about the New York Knicks. Yeah. Is This season a disappointment for the New York Knicks? Memes. Memes? We'd love to know your perspective. No, it's not a disappointment. Okay. But If any, if anything, they de they definitely overachieved. They did have, this was the best opportunity to get to the finals. But they did Over Golden an opportunity. They did overachieve. I, I don't have a dog in this fight. I can't tell another man whether or not it's a disappointment.


But we do have one person that I think is very qualified to have this conversation with you. That's Hank. Hank would you say that this is a disappointment for the New York Knicks? I think right now it's easy to say like, we overachieve we got farther than we thought. I think, you know, when time comes and, and you look back, back, back at this year, you're going to regret not going farther. And you, you're gonna understand how golden of an opportunity this was to get to the finals with all of the injuries and the path just opening wide up and having a leading game. One with two minutes left, blowing the biggest think lead in playoffs slash NBA history. Losing in six games would've been seven. You would've had game seven at home.


You want, you wanna talk about the what if game. The What? The game one, what if is What if that, what if, what If that ball Hits the rim, goes up 15 feet in the air, comes down, hits the rim, and bounces out. What if, What if, I mean, eh, Jim Ey died five minutes before the series. That's a fact. They're the pacers are team of Destiny. They had Thomas Bryant and Obie top top end just making every single three yesterday. There's, there's nothing you could do. You can't Thomas Bryan NBA champion, let's put some respect on his name. Yeah, but that guy, that guy still shouldn't be hitting those threes, Didn't he? Didn't he win one with the Nuggets? Pretty sure he did. Did he?


Regardless, it is just, if guys let, if They, oh wait, was he on the, what team was he on? I'm pretty sure he won. I'm pretty sure he was on a NBA championship team was in the Lakers. Maybe the bubble. Let's See. Go ahead. Keep going. Memes, If guys like that are hitting threes, you're, you're never, you're, you're just not gonna win. It's not your night. I mean, that's, that's basketball though. Your defense was, I didn't tough see any of the discourse until after the game. But it's like everyone's saying, Kat is like, Kat's gotta go. I, where was that before? I Why is, why is that seem to be such a popular opinion? Yeah. He won an NBA title to Denver Nuggets. I, I agree with you, Hank I think Kat is the greatest scapegoat in, in like NBA history in terms of like, he, this happened with him with the Timberwolves too, where he is, he gets scapegoat in.


And I'm not saying the Kat is a perfect player. His defense was bad. He was getting abused defensively last night in transition. I do wanna say credit to Kat. Like you didn't see Kat just standing out at the three point line, just hoping, being passive and hoping that he would, you know, hit a couple. Theres, he was, he was throwing his body at people last night. Big time. But Kat is not like your Kat is a defensively is a problem, but you have other problems. Not all Kat, he's Still a big guy. Yeah. And you'd rather, if you have a problem on defense, you'd rather he be a large man than a small man. But, so I think like a, if you're talking about pointing a finger on defense, you point the finger first at, at Jalen Brunson.


Ja. So, But Again, you don't get here without Jalen Brunson and Kat. They, But that's the thing is that Jalen Brunson, obviously for, for the correct reasons, is the golden boy. Hold what? I'm getting a call. Oh, who's calling you? Hello? Hey, it's Cheerio. Hey. What's up? That's crazy. Why? No, we are just, we were just talking about the, the Nick Pacer series on part of my take. What's going on? How are you, how you feeling, Jerry? We're live to tape. Good. I mean, I'm a little bummed out about that whole thing. About that whole thing. Why'd you call, call, what a crazy time to call. Why'd you call him Jerry?


Yeah, sorry. I just happened to call. I just wanted to say it was a fun season, Hank. And you know, I'm sorry. Things didn't turn out well for your Celtics. Things didn't turn out that great for my Knicks either. I'm sure you were pretty happy about it, but it was all in good fun. And No, I was pulling for you guys. I was, I was rooting for Mr. Bing bong. I'm, I'm sad. I'm, I'm sad that Mr. Bing bongs dead. You're not gonna be able to bing bong you got, you know. Yeah. Well he's not dead. He's Just No, he is dead. No, he's, he's dead. He's, it's over dead. It's over. You had a great, you had a great, you know, little run there. It's never, it's never gonna be like that again. But that, it was a great run. And that's all that matters.


I, oh, let me ask you something. You, you won the Knicks organization? Yeah. Tibs out Cat out Brunson trading block Cat. Huh? Blow it up Cat for kd? Yeah, that'd be okay. That'd be the lateral move. Now are you saying that to, by the way, I believe in the state of Illinois. If I'm on air, you have to say you're on Air, right? Yeah. So we're talking about it on part of my take. We're you're allowed to take. Okay. Well you didn't say this is on air. So I just said we're, we are. It's crazy. You call, we're talking about the next Pacers on part of my take. And Meme said it, but you can't hear memes voice.


Yeah, memes said live to tape. Huh? Okay. I'm just saying. I don't know, But No, but Jerry, you called Hank. Yeah, you called me. I was literally like, I, I interrupted the podcast to be like, why is Jerry calling? What's going on? Listen, I'm gonna be honest with you guys. I'm taking a bubble bath right now And just noise. Oh, that sounds good. Alright, Jerry, well we'll talk to you later. It's weird. You'd call him Jerry, I I have a question for you. Is this New York knick season a disappointment? Huh? The knick season? A disappointment? Yeah. No, not at all. Okay. Not at all. Okay. That's a loser talk. Honestly, I have to say our championship was beating the Celtics.


I I don't, on the bottom of my heart, I I'm just saying we can't be upset. I I can't even blame that, that that game One Eastern Conference finals. I, I don't even care. We beat the Celtics. I mean, Honestly, an injured Celtics, a hobbled, a hobbled, banged up Celtics. It's so funny. I see your boss tweeting that out all the time. I'm about to get into an argument with it, but I'm like, why, why even do that? Listen, we have another issue that we have to discuss on this show. Listen, there's been some things said back and forth with my wife and one of your coworkers there.


Who? My, I look, I don't have my, I'll be honest with you. My my wife is in the other room. I, I don't have her passcode or passwords or anything. So I don't know what's being said. I can only, I only go on That. You can see it on that And see Jerry and see what's being Jerry. Jerry, it's Big Cat here. And I, I don't want to interrupt your bubble bath bath anymore, but I, I sent you a text. I'm willing to make peace. All I ask is she stops hitting on me. Wait, this is my relaxing time. Okay. So just tell her to stop hitting on me and then I will unblock her And we can make peace. Okay?


I I, I, I gotta tell you, I did see your, your post about my wife hitting on You. Yeah. And we Hold on a second. I I gotta get outta the back. Sure. It'll slip. Gotta get the back mat out. I, I appreciate you calling me during your relaxing time. That was nice of you. Yeah. Did see your post about like my wife hitting on you and I, I actually, I, I like showed it to my wife. 'cause my wife actually unblocked you. So. Yeah. My wife can actually see your, your tweets and stuff.


Oh, no. Well, she can't see your tweets now. I blocked her. I I showed her your tweet and, And we did have a reaction. Hold on a second. Let me just go to the other room. He's just walking around his house. Nude. Yeah. He must be what's in the other room? Yeah. Here. So here Honey, this is about that tweet where, where Big Cat said that you were hitting on him. What, what is your response? See, I make her giggle when she's around me. We're laughing at you here. No, Jerry. Jerry, listen. Yeah.


I just remind your wife. I have three little kids. I have a wife I love. Yeah. I don't want, I don't want any of this. Okay. Tell her to Hold on a Second. I'm happily married. I think she's happily married. Let's just, Sorry. Yeah, you guys still there? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So we were laughing about it. It's so fun. Listen, it is tough that, you know, two of my best friends Big Cat and my wife because when we exchanged vows, you know, I basically was marrying my best queen. And when I come on to pardon my cake and I manage your fantasy teams, and I come on as Mr. Bing bong. Don't worry everyone, Mr.


Bing Bongs not coming on anymore This season. But you know, we're, we're good friends. So Big Cat, I really hope you can find it in your heart to unblock my Wife Okay. And see some Of her content. Okay. There should be some exclusive Marvel content. Okay. It's also in Star Trek. Strange New World. So maybe, Yeah. I mean, maybe you guys can, I can love Star Her and you can exchange pleasantries with each other. Okay. This is putting me in a hard position. Yeah. Because Big Cat, if I had to choose between you and my wife, let me think.


Yeah. I'm choosing my Wife. Oh, okay. I'm my wife. Yeah. Okay. All right. Well, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll work on it. Okay. Jerry, I Have a question for you. Is PFT commenter here from Pardon? My Take podcast, Barstool Sports, you're left to tape. Do you think Rebecca would be interested in following any of Adam Scheffer's content? That was a nervous laughter. Huh? Now you've gone too far. You wanna Wake up Mr. Bing Bong and have him come after the Washington Commanders? No. Do you, Because I happened to meet Coach DaBell last weekend. He went to a Knicks game when the Knicks were in the playoffs, and the Boston Celtics were knocked out. And DaBell said he feels very confident about Jackson Dot.


So maybe you should start to free Mr. Bing bomb. Okay. Mr. Mr. Commenter. Well, that's, that's fine. Jerry. I did DM your wife and I just said no dms promise. I hope we can be friends. Is that okay? Okay. Yeah. I, I don't listen, it's not my call. I, again, I don't have her Passwords. I, okay. Okay. All right. Well, we'll talk to you later, later. Jerry, thanks for calling in. Alright, see you guys. All right, love you. See you. Thanks for calling. Bye. Jerry. Hank. Hank. Yeah. Bing bye. Doesn't hurt anymore. He, he just called you outta the blue. I think I might have butt dialed them by accident. I was wondering why. Wait, wait. You called him I not on purpose. And then he called you back.


My phone started going off with, had his contact up. That's a great move. Yeah. I mean, he called you. Yeah, he was calling me when I picked up my phone. He was calling me. Yeah. His wife has his odd for me. She's, she's, I'm, I'm willing to, to unblock if Jerry means it, that we can get along. But I just, she's, she unblocked. PFT and I on Saturday night, late night, Hit me with a follow. So, and me too, which late night follow some may be like, that's a booty call. And then I woke up the next morning, I was like, you know what? I'm done with this. I can't, she's obviously interested in me. I'm gonna block her and we're just gonna go our separate ways.


And then she proceeded for the rest of the day to tweet about me and follow everyone in our office. And when she, not me, I blocked her when she Thank you, Hank. That's my boy. When she followed Steven Cha and Brandon Walker, I was like, this is getting a little crazy. Yeah. She knows what she's doing. Yeah. And, And we know what she's doing. She's Trying to get my attention. Listen, Rebecca, no, no disrespect. You seem like a very lovely woman. Ta immensely talented actress. I'm married and I really don't want you to Well, no restraining order. Okay. I think it's, I think it's okay. I might have to take One out. Think it's, it's super cool that she married her best friend. Like there's nothing nicer than than friend zoning your own husband, which is awesome. And I support that. I I think that you have a very healthy, solid relationship.


I would never wanna do anything to get in between that you and your best friend, like he's such a great guy. Yeah. But just wanna say, hi Rebecca, I will be respectful. The DM was just to let you know that I'm not going to send you dms. Okay. That's beautiful. So if you wanna d me back, please don't, because that would violate the no DMS policy. All Right. Love that. And I might unblock, but it's a lot of like, you know, middle school trying to be mean to me to try to get my attention kind of feeling. And it's just like, Hey, we're two adults. Okay? Yeah. We're two adults. Max still is just tweeting at her with the indented paragraphs, trying to fucking Try hard. Hey Mr. Oh, look at me. He's the real pervert in all this. So now it's perverted to just show some respect around here.


Your haha. Yesterday was the most perverted haha I've ever seen. You did a haha in the middle of a tweet. Yeah, it was, that was a funny moment. Part of that sentence. Okay. I wanted to just make sure that she knew that it was also funny. What was so funny? What'd She say? He was saying that her husband sucks a fantasy football. I Don't remember. Yeah, I don't remember. Something Max, something Like that was sitting on her back. What are you talking about? Yeah. Ha Ha Ha ha. It was just, it was just showing respect. Ha ha. Alright, let's go back to the Knicks. Oh, we're talking about You don't wanna commit to saying something that might be taken too seriously. No, I've never heard of that move before. No, You're what? You're No Max. Come on, Come on. You. Luckily my competitors are a lot like your husband when it comes to fantasy. You're talking about how bad jury is at, at fantasizing.


Ha Ha. Then he said, ha ha ha. Then he said, ha ha. That is straight unfiltered. That everything again from the tap pervert. Th that What are you talking about? Haha. That is, That is literally you're trying to laugh with her. Like, ha ha. It was, it was funny. It was gig funny. Giggle fest funny. It was funny. You were, I thought it was funny. Thought It funny were your own joke. I just wish Rebecca would understand that you're the real pervert here. And if she's gotta worry about anyone, it's you. What Are you ta I I Blocked her. I said kept it clean. I've kept it clean from the beginning. Okay, You said Hundred percent clean. You Said hope you're having a great day. And then you just wrote your name. You didn't even write respectfully Max. You just wrote Max. You, you know, who needs to put respectfully at the end, people who it may be construed that they're not showing respect.


Not me. Why is that? It was because it was obvious respect. It's like when someone says, with all due respect and then says something mean. No. That's always the nicest thing that you say. Yeah. No, no, no, no, No. Well that's interesting Max. 'cause the first time that you wrote her, you said sincerely, max Word count. Mm. Yeah. I never you never want to go on. Never. Yeah. People having To read more. You're right. Yeah. Alright, let's get back to the Knicks. So trade cat, that's what Hank would do. PFD. Are you in the trade cat? No, I don't think I'm in the trade cat Here. Here's what, so my, I I think Kat has become a, a, again, he's not a perfect player, but you have to admit that Jalen Brunson is a liability on defense. Yes.


And you have to admit that you use a lot of assets for McHale bridges. He's gotta play a little better. Although he played great, obviously in the Celtics series. And then you have to admit that something happened with Josh Hart, where every time he tries to take a three, it like painfully hurts to watch. I Think you probably make sense. You sprinkle in a little campaign. Yeah. Give him the, the green light. Yeah. You like, Hey Cam, tonight's your night. We didn't get that. This series. There's still a good team. Yeah. There will be a good team next year. I just don't know, I, it just feels like immediately everyone hits the trade cat button. I also think every time you, you, you lose a game and it's like he still is a matchup nightmare for other team. I mean, he won a game in this series basically himself in that fourth quarter.


I think that Tib is gonna take a lesson that he always takes from any time he, he lose some, which is you need to do exactly what you want to do, but you need to do it harder next time. So he's just gonna be like, we're not playing anybody off the bench. Yeah. Memes, what do you think? Is it trade Cat? I dunno if, if if it's Trade Cat and get Giannis, That obviously makes sense. That makes sense. Like if you could get a tier one superstar, Like I don't think that's gonna go, I don't think that's exactly How That trade would go down. Jerry just sent me the photos of him in the tub. Yeah. Oh no, We just got a lot of Jerry O'Connell tub content. Oh my God. That's a lot of Just blur out my penis.


Bingo. Alright, well we'll put it up for the YouTube listeners. Ah, yeah. I I don't know where, what the Knicks do. I mean it was a, I feel like it's, it's a weird spot that they're in where that was the best Knicks season in 25 years. But also you can look at the full situation and be like, man, we kind of blew a golden chance to get the NBA. Yeah. When you think about who you had to go through in the, in the conference championship to get there, the pacer on paper, you would've loved to have that opportunity right against The Pacers Home Court. Home court against the Pace Eastern Conference final. And you got that big lead at the end of game one, you're gonna look back and be like, damn, this sucks. That was a mean Oof. Yeah. It was a mean oof. It was a mean o It was a very mean o Yeah. The Celtics number blew two 20 point leads NBA champion Celtics last year.


The last year's doing last year doing a lot of work in that sense. Year Max just did a max felt that for memes there. You can't really get in a fight with him. You can't get in a fight with Hank about this Stuff. Memes. Did you do the meme where you made the Statue of Liberty with Max's face on it? Nah, I forgot about that one. Mm. Still time. It's The new crying, Jordan. Yeah. It was a great year. I mean, you guys got Kylie Jenner to Indiana. Yeah, that's true. Is a huge positive. It still, it still was a great year. Yeah. Completely ruined the Celtics. They'll never be the same. Which was great year. That would be great for you if, if the Celtics just imploded. But I mean, now you gotta just be rooting next year with the heat of the thousand sons against Hank and for them to just like blow the entire team up.


If they don't blow the entire team up, then that, that win ultimately won't really mean that much. Yeah. I think we're blowing it up. No, you're not pulling up, you're blowing it up. Do you have anything else? I I, I still, I'll, I'll stand. I know it sounds stupid, but I'll, I'll I'll still stand with Knicks fans for celebrating the journey. I know. It, it looks dumb in retrospect. Everyone being like, oh, they raised the banner. I still think there's just a difference between fan bases versus the actual organization. Whatcha you gonna say, max? We, we had the, the street signs. When are they coming down that the street again? And I think the street signs were stupid. And that's the, that's just, again, that's, that's whenever politics, politicians try to gain favor by being like, ooh, cool sports stories.


It always comes across as cringe. That always sucks. I do, I do love the Greg Doyle impact on this series though. Yeah, that was, that was gonna be my who's back of the week was Greg Doyle just making an ass of himself being super awkward talking to Pascal aka and to the point where Pascal Siam, that like woke something up in him where he was like, you okay man, who is this guy? Who are you? Why are you asking these weird questions? What is it about Greg Doyle that makes him absolutely have to say the, the most awkward shit at the worst times? Yeah. He's a weirdo. He's a big time weirdo. Should we say anything about the last game on T-N-T-N-B-A on TNT? There was. So they're still doing it next year. I love the Gone Fishing at the end.


It, The Gone fishing at the end was great. I do think there's, you can, you can be sad about N-B-A-T-N-T being over because ITNT had the best NBA coverage, whether it be the inside the NBA, their announcers, Kevin Harlan. It always felt, I don't know, it just always felt like when you were tuning into TNT, it's like, this is a big game. It felt a little different. You'd also be a to like, they're, they're one of the only channels where if you keep it on after the game and fall asleep, you'll probably wake up to a good movie. Yeah. You know, Sometimes you wear Where EPN you'll just, you'll wake up to God knows what, but TNT you'll get, you'll get a movie after You'll mix in like a weird episode of Charmed. Yeah. Something with emotion smoothing on your tv.


I Still don't understand what the, it's gonna look like next year. I feel like they might fuck up the inside the NBA, which would suck, but I'm gonna at least give 'em the benefit of the doubt that they'll still be awesome and funny together. The great part about it though, if ESBN does fuck up inside the NBA, they will be the first people to tell you that ESPN is fucking it up. Right. Like they'll, they'll just go scorch dearth Charles own Charles platform, Charles and Shaq, and yeah. Kenny will just be like, yeah, they fucked this up. Yeah. I liked that at the end when, when they started dropping F-bombs and just being like, we've always been just in like, fuck around. Yeah. Fuck around mode. That, that's kind of what our show is about. And then Ernie doing the, the very solemn tearful goodbye. Yeah. Just when Ernie Johnson says anything, you feel like you feel like at least somebody honest is on television telling you something.


Yeah. And I got a little sad when they, they, I saw someone tweeted out. It was the, the evolution of the score bug from the TNT. Yeah. That, that made me a little sad. It's like, damn, I've watched a lot of basketball in this station. I feel like it'll, I it should be okay if you keep that core group of guys together. Yeah. It should be good. See, look, this is pretty cool. Just, just looking at it. It's like, damn. That is, that is a long time. That's a lot of basketball I love. 2012 to 2014. Yeah. That's a great score bug right there. And I do love like the, the, the first one, the 99 2001, where it was like, this station doesn't know how to do sports. Yeah. You know, and they, they're like, Hey, what you, the Terminator's a good movie.


What if, what if we played basketball in a Terminator score bug? So I just wonder what they're gonna do in terms of the production team behind it, inside the NBA. Are all those guys gonna stick around? Are some of them gonna leave? I don't know. I don't know. I hope, I hope we get, I hope it stays as close to what it is as possible. That's all I'm hoping for. Okay. Well should we do some national sports podcast stuff before we get to who's back the week? Yeah.


All right. Before we do national sports podcast stuff, quick word from our friends at Gametime. Hank, do you want to look up an NFL game? You're excited for? Surely. Gametime Football is back. The 2025 NFL schedule is out. And the only place you should be getting your tickets is Gametime, the official ticketing partner. Barstool Sports, playing our fall schedule and circling the games we want to go to with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NFL tickets. Gametime makes scoring NFL tickets faster and easier. They have exclusive discounts and you can find seats for as low as a hundred dollars. The Gametime guarantee means you can trust, you'll get a hundred percent authentic NFL tickets on time and for the best price plus fees are always included. So what you see is what you'll pay. We're looking at tickets for Commanders at Dolphins in Madrid. Ooh, Hola. Kumar Star 660 bucks to get in. Wow. Wow. Trip Out. Is that, is that Pit? I'm not sure. All right. So use Gametime. What are you waiting for? Go to that game. Commander's Dolphins in Madrid. Take the guests who outta buying NFL tickets with Gametime? Download the Gametime app. Create an account and use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime?


We're also brought to you by our friends at Shell Oil Company members get more rewards, savings, and special offers with the Fuel Rewards program at Shell Fuel Rewards members can earn rewards on fuel, snacks in the convenience store, dining out at participating restaurants, shopping online at participating merchants and more, listen, I'm in just for the fuel and snacks because there's nothing better than getting both of those things when you go get gas. All rewards earned will turn into savings at the pump. The more you shop, the more you earn rewards, the more you save on fuels at Shell. Simple as that. The more you fuel, the more you save. And it's free to become a member. Become a new member of the Fuel Rewards Program and save 10 cents per gallon on your first fill. 20 cents per gallon on your second and 30 cents per gallon on your third. It's free to join. Why aren't you doing it? Get every day savings afterward at Shell members. Get more rewards, savings, and special offers. Join the Fuel Reward program at Shell today. We're literally just giving you something right here. So visit fuel rewards.com/barstool 25 For more information. I want someone to sign up for this and then maybe send me a picture of the discounted twizzlerss and combos you got. That would be nice. So fuel rewards.com/barstool 25 For more information.


Okay. National Sports Podcast. What do we wanna talk about as a national sports podcast? First? Scotty Scheffler being incredible. Scotty Scheffler. Scotty s Scheffler is a man on a mission. I don't really know what else to say. He's, he won back to back Jack Nicklaus, the Jack Nicklaus tournament. So He, he defended his Title two. The craziest stat to me was that Scotty Scheffler, he's now defended three titles that he has and that Tiger Woods has defended 23 titles. Holy shit that he had. That's just every time Scotty Scheffler does something awesome. It's really just a promo for how great Tiger Woods was. Yeah. Tiger should be pumped about Scotty. He should be pumped.


He should be rooting for him for now, but yeah. Oh, you got the other staff here. This is the meanest stat ever Wins since May 2nd. Scotty Scheffler three in four tournaments. The Colorado Rockies three in 28 games played. That's just, that's an insult stat. That's brutal. Did you hear also Jackson Klaus afterwards? He was as straight and to the point as possible. He said Ben Griffin's a nice player. Sep Strock is a nice player. Nick Taylor's a nice player. Scotty Scheffler knows those guys are not in his league. Not, they're not Scotty Scheffler. That's It. Like it couldn't be more clear. He's just playing at a different level then everyone else right now. And it's fun to watch. And then he also had the very relatable moment of his baby had a blowout and was handed a baby with poop in his diaper right after the Oh, the, the greatest equalizer is a baby having a poop blowout.


Yeah. 'cause it will humble any man. I love it How every time he finishes a tournament, his wife is just first thing like, hey, great job also now the baby, you're on the clock. Yeah. Whatever happens from this point forward, that's your responsibility with the kid. Yeah. Also, we had Jordan Spieth almost kill a person. Yeah. That guy rocked though. That he hit. Yeah. That he got hit in the back and the guy immediately took his shirt off. Yeah, he hit a guy. No different guy. No, that was different. Oh that was that. He hit a guy then, or I think that was Ben Griffin hit that guy. It was Ben Griffin. Yeah. No, Jordan Speaketh. Watch this Pft Jordan Speak Hit someone. I saw, I saw, I saw this one too. The guy Ducks. It's, it's, it's as direct as possible. He ended, he ended up making par on that hole. Yeah. This is what's crazy about golf is how close they put the spectators to the players. Yeah. And they just assumed that the players will never have a mishit.


And this one was going right outta his head. But I, the other guy that got hit, the ultimate bro gets hit in the back and then immediately is like, I gotta take my shirt off. Yeah. Because that guy had been working out. That was the best day of that guy's life by far to get hit with the ball. He is like, yeah, I'm gonna flex on camera real quick By far. Okay. So segue of Scott Scheffer. We saw the stat, the Rockies, they're nine and 50. Yep. That's a problem. Fastest team to 50 wins in the history of MLB. 50 losses. 50 losses, I mean, yeah. Yeah. Beating somehow they're worse than the White Sox last year By far. It's crazy. The White Sox last year at this point had like 16, 17 wins. Yeah. It's fuck the monfort fire 'em to the sun.


They need to be sell the team nine and 50 is insane. It's Crazy. Insane. The other, the other two things I had from National Sports Podcast, one was we have a Christian yellowish problem 'cause he's getting hot. I know he left with like a con contusion on Sunday, but he hit two home runs on Friday and he's getting hot and it's, it's starting to make me nervous. I'm not worried about it. I'm not, there's too many good lefties and if he gets to that point I will go Tony Harding on him. Yeah. So I sent him a text After interpret that how you will After his second home run on Friday night and I said, alert, please read this message is for Christian Yellich.


Date of birth December 5th, 1991. You have been flagged by Major League baseball banned substance department. Please report immediately to provide a mandatory urine sample. If you do not comply, you'll be suspended from all regular season exhibition events, IE home run derby, et cetera. Please reply Yes to confirm your receipt of this message. If no reply is received within 12 hours, it will automatically register as a positive test and you'll be banned from all regular season and exhibition events. IE home run derby, et cetera. Signed to MLB. He did reply within an hour and a half. Yes. So Did he send you he his Piss? No, but I was hoping I was gonna get him on that technicality and that I was gonna send it to MLB and be like, this guy is dodging. He also said that literally everyone in the stands was talking about us eating each other's asses when he hit the second one.


I love that. That's gotta be good for his focus. I, yeah, I've got an idea of maybe something we could do. Okay. Along those same lines, we should have somebody in this office take steroids and then piss, collect the piss and then just mail all the piss to MLB. I love that. And just label it Christian yellich urine. I love That. I love that. And just send tons of it. I love that. Is there anything against the law about mailing piss? No. I don't think that there is. I Don't think so. We just need somebody that would volunteer to take steroids and pee into a cup. Ryan Bronch join the Juice games. Oh, the enhanced games. Enhanced games. Yeah. The enhanced Games Games. Those look so funny. Are that one swimmer Legally? Hold on. He's looking up. Are you legally No. You're not legally allowed to mail urine.


Okay, So no, no, no, no, no, no. Tell the full story. No. You are not legally allowed to mail urine indiscriminately. Oh, that's a very key word. This is discriminately. We're not being indiscriminate. This is we're targeted Mailing your Piss. This is as discriminated as it Gets. Yes. Intentional mailing of piss to a certain actor. Ah, yeah, he's, it's a problem. He, I don't think he's gonna compete in this home run derby, but he did mention the All-Star game at Wrigley in a couple years and that started to get me nervous. 'cause it feels like he's going to, I don't think he's gonna do it this year. I think he's getting hi himself, like pumped up for a big stand at one point in the next couple of years. So He's got a finger contusion right now. Yeah.


Finger contusion. Why would he not do it this year? Yeah, you gotta strike. Well, the irons high. He's got a finger contusion. I mean, he's got a finger contusion. He can't hit with a finger contusion. I don't think he Should make sure the finger contusion is healthy. Don't take any risks. There's Just so many good players, so many good players that are lefties that I think MLB would, they don't want the storyline of the home run derby to be two podcasters, licking each other's buttholes. No, I'd agree bad For the sport. Speaking of so many good players, I wanted to do this something real quick. We need to give a shout out to Cal Rowley. Big dumper. Yeah. He's a beast. He is now. Aaron Judge, obviously is having an insane year.


Aaron Judge is almost hitting 400. He's got 22 home runs. Cal Rowley is the catcher for Seattle Manor Mariners. He has 23 home runs and that's insane. He's the fastest catcher to, I think it was 22 home runs by by June 1st. It's nuts that he's doing this as a catcher. Like Max Chime in you. It's, it's insane. 23 home runs for a catcher and I think he leads the league in, in, in, in throw outs to second. Like, he's a very good catcher too. He's played every game this year, so he hasn't caught every game. He's dd some of the games, but that in itself is still impressive that he's played every game.


It's crazy. He needs a lot, he needs a lot more national attention. National Sports Podcast. He won't win MVP, but he's got my vote Bear. Yeah. No, Kyle Riley's great. Probably Joe Mauer the last like very good hitting catcher to, you know, catch steam like this. So He needs more, he needs more, more love. It's just that every time Shhe hits a home run, the world talks about it. When Cal Cal Rally does it. Crickets. We just Need to get big dumper going more. Because I feel like when Big Dumper gets a home run, that's a totally different, and he's an elite fielding catcher and he's doing this. It's crazy. He's got a, I think a 4 4 7 war, which that seems good.


Right. And he is doing it. He's got less at bats than Shhe. Yeah. Yeah. So I think he trails shhe by 13 at bats right now. Yeah, He's, he's pretty awesome. First catcher with 20 home runs before June. That's crazy. 23 home runs. Cal Riley, big dumper. He's our guy. Mike Go in the first round of the Dingers only draft. I think He's a great value. Positional value. I, I had two years ago on the Dingers only was awesome. Positional value. I think he's easily won one. Yeah. Has to be. Alright. Do we have any other national sports podcast things before we do? Who's back? What else happens? National Sports Podcast. TJ Watt has an offer on the table. Oh.


But it's not to his liking from the Steelers. From the Steelers. That's Good. Because he hasn't been to OTAs. It Would be really weird if TJ Watt played for a different team. What team could TJ Watt play for? That would be the least weird. Probably the Texans. Yeah. Just 'cause of the brother. Yeah. I mean you Hmm. Maybe the Chargers. Yeah. I could 49 ERs maybe. Yeah. 49 ERs could like a hi historical franchise. Doesn't have anything to do with the Steelers. Yeah, I could See that. I could see him being a 49 er and it making sense, but I like, you don't want TJ Wa to be like a, a Jaguar or like a Seahawk. No, one of the Yeah. It would be weird, strange teams.


Yeah. I could see him. I guess Unfortunately a packer would make sense. You don't want him playing for the Ravens? No, I don't think he Would. No, I don't think he would. But that would also look cool. Get a sick visor. Yeah, it would look cool. Well, I mean the, the sealers would never obviously trade 'em to the Ravens, but it would look cool. But it would look cool. It Would look very cool.


Okay. Let's do who's back of the week? Who's back of the week is brought to you by our friends. A truly, truly hard seltzer We love, truly, truly unruly lemonade combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take Lemonade. Let loose 8% a BV 100% delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors, bump and blue Raz OG Original Lemonade punched up pineapple wild pink. A level up your lemonade, but truly unruly. Find truly unruly Lemonade is store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com Henry, my who's back of the week is Taylor Swift.


Oh, you took mine. Hey. Oh, why Big one? Why She owns all her music now. Thank God. Even though she already rerecorded all of her music. So she already, she owns all of her music twice. Well, now she can make some money. Finally. Do You, are you being a hater? I just know that my timeline was just a bunch of people crying. Literally crying. It's the biggest thing ever. And I'm not judging 'cause I've seen a grown man cry after a a, a round one win for the Dayton Flyers. Okay. So that, that happens. But how big was this? My understanding?


PFT probably knows a little more, so I'll just give my thought and then he can enlighten me. But she did not own her masters. That was a scooter bra situation. Governors. But yeah, she rerecorded all of her songs and released 'em again. So she owned all the Taylor's version songs. She owns all of 'em. Yep. So she had full ownership of her songs, The new ones, Which are the same as the old ones. Yep. And now she bought back the old ones. But it's the same. So her fans like, it's not like the fans are getting anything new. Incorrect. Hank incorrect Fans are getting nothing new Incorrect. Hank and Taylor Swift, the richest one in the world. You're a hater and you're a misogynist and it's okay. It's all right. Just say what's wrong.


I'm glad that you're saying with your Chest. I'm confused. No, I'm confused. Tell me what, tell me where I was wrong. So, so Taylor Swift was basically working for free for the last 10 years. No, She rerecorded all of 'em. She, she didn't make any money. She Released a thousand versions of them. So people had to and buy and buy and, and buy. And buy And buy broke. She's dead broke. I'm sure that you were happy seeing her broke. It was. She was the most oppressed person in the world, basically. And so now, because she bought her old masters Back. But what about the rere releases you Oh, she Had to put a new labor for that Hank. Okay. That was all That was Re-release Our shows. Yeah. Hank does. He just does voiceovers for all 'em calls 'em Hank's version. No one would listen to that. It's all Hank. So was this a Big doing different voices?


Was this a big deal? It's a no. It it's A no. There you go again, Hank. No, you love seeing, putting women their place, don't you? It Put it this way. Big Cat. You're a Taylor Swift fan and you wanna listen to a song. You could have listened to it last week. You can still listen to it tomorrow. Nothing changed, but now it feels Less bad. No. Hank Hank's like, Hank's like, well you should rerecord all her songs from McCoon. No, I heard that one online too. Hank And frankly, I think it's disgusting. I respected the Rerecording song. I'll Tell, I'll tell you what got, I'll tell you what the fans get differently. One of the funniest clips that was going viral for inside the NBA was Charles Barkley being like, I'd never buy a woman a watch for Mother's Day. 'cause there's a, a watch on, or there's a, you can keep time on the, in the kitchen and it would kept on going.


It's like, how did this show never get Can't. Yeah. Keep Going. Alright, so Hank, here's what you get different. Here's, here's the new stuff that her fans get the ability to add the old versions of their songs to new playlists. So you don't have to just, which Already have those same songs on that playlist. Do you know all the emotional labor that her fans did? Avoiding clicking on The old Okay. Yeah. Version. Now I understand what P'S saying. You're not, when you, when you search for Emotional labor, When you search for love story online, you have to make sure that you're not clicking on the one that doesn't say Taylor's version next to it. Yep. Now you can just, the, the thumbs can just rapid fire and click on whatever they see. Yep. Also, I think that there were some albums that she didn't do the Taylor's version of yet that she may have been working on, but now don't have to worry about that.


Got it. Emotional labor. Hank you didn't think about the emotional labor. It's not just for Taylor Swift Hank it's for her fans. It's for her Fans Who did a great job. Also. Did you see Travis Kelsey liked the Instagram post of her saying that she had all music and Harry styles. Wow. Ancho Burrow love. I can't believe it. Love that Travis Kelsey, who's dating her, liked it. And so the the nicest thing is like famously Taylor Swift is the only musical artist that this has ever happened to where she didn't own her own music that other people were making money off of. So now this will send a direct shot towards the music industry saying, you can't do this to artists anymore. Love it. You, you tried it one time with Taylor Swift and it didn't work. So good luck in the future. Thank you. Yeah. You get Hank. I'm, I'm enlightened. You get it now buddy.


And I'm happy for Taylor Emotional labor. She did a great job convincing her fans to be like, you need to make me more money. Yeah. Yeah. Great job. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. PFT your who's back of the week. Alright, so Hank just took my, with Taylor Swift. I hope I was able to educate you on that. You were. Thank you. What are your final thoughts on the matter? Are you happy for Taylor? Are you, I'm so happy. Are you misogyny? I'm happy Taylor Swift and her fans. And I, I love her music. I can't wait to listen to all the versions all too well. I'm happy for them. That's one. Right? That is, that's a song. Yeah. I think Listen, you've, everyone's got things they're gonna be passionate about. Get crying about, you know, Taylor Swift recording a bunch of songs that you could have listened to right before, but you forgot about the emotional abuse. Hank, I say fair play.


Let those tears go. It's not about her. Hank Yeah. She's back. That's the other thing. You don't wanna, all versions of Taylor are back. You don't understand. It's not about her, it's about what she represents. I don't know what she represents. I'm not sure, but it's about what she represents and I'm, I'm happy for it. What she represents Same. She's back almost. It's a victory for me. I almost said single cat ladies, but I didn't because that would've gotten us in trouble. So credit to me. And it's Learned, but Yes. But also, yes. Single cat ladies. Yes. And even women with multiple cats. Yeah. Multiple cat ladies who have a boyfriend. Yeah. Or women who have boyfriends who know cats And single cat men.


Yeah. All Of them. It's for everybody. Not dog owners. Yeah. I think if you have, if you have more than one dog, if you like hoard dogs Yeah. This is a win for you. Yep. But if you're like dog owners Wives Yeah. Wouldn't that It doesn't have to be just dude. Well, Hank, you're doing it. You're doing it again Hank. You're doing it Again. Dog owners wives. You can't go two seconds without being misogynistic. It's disgusting. It's gross For podcast. Take that back, Hank this aow hank. We don we don't own our own masters on this show. I know. Yeah, you do. Now it's all making sense. I Fucking Wish I do Now Hank is a Scooter. If I own the masters of this show, I would not be Here. You are the scooter Braun.


You're The scooter Braun of Pardon My Take. So it's making sense why you're not happy for her fans. Good for Taylor. Good for Taylor. My other who's back of the week. I'm just gonna say Bonnie Blue, Bonnie Blue's back. Oh, she's gonna double up. She's now doing 2000 men. Put it on the list. 2000 men while being tied up in a glass box open to the public. Can I Ask, this sounds To you, it Sounds so do I I didn't want to do it on the show, but you First. What the question better be? Were You gonna say the same thing as me? I haven't won to think about it. It doesn't make any sense. Oh, I thought you were gonna say you'd be down to be one of the 2000 men. No. No. Okay. No, I was just saying I'm, I think I'm out on all of the body blue. So out you're out on it. It's two 2000 is just, these aren't even real numbers anymore from Just a physical.


That's what I'm saying. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. And I don't really want to think about it too hard and I don't wanna see it, but it's like that can't, like a hundred was like, holy shit, that's crazy. I can't believe she did it. But 2000, like, that's not, that's like saying like, what if I threw 25 touchdowns in a, in an NFL game? Like what? That's not a real number. It's absurd that it's becoming an arms race, but now it's, it's arms and legs every whole race. It's, it's crazy to think that she's physically capable of sleeping with 2000 guys at once. I'm, I'm, I'm And what's sleeping? Why? Why do they always say sleeping with? It's not Well they cuddle. I'm sure I'm out on it's pillow talk. I'm out on the Bonnie Blue because it's like, she just keeps going up and up and up with the numbers and I'm, I I don't have any Wow.


Left. I am mostly Ew. What would shock you? What would make you go Wow. I Don't think, it doesn't make sense. 2000? I don't believe, I don't believe thousand. Like it does not, I think I was, my last shot mean was like a Hundred. What does that mean? You think that these are like fake stats? Yeah. Yes. Like we're in the live the juice balls era. Yes. Yeah. Like are all these guys like coming? I'm, I don't know. Yes. I Don't know. So it's like, what is it? I'll, I'll be Honest, I haven't seen, that's The thing and I'm, you don't really want think about it. Right. She could, here's the thing is she could, you Just know that can't be true. Right. She could be lying about it because I haven't, I haven't watched a second of the video of the actual thing. I just monitor it like you're refreshing the stats and then it says she did it. And I'm like, oh, okay. She did it.


I just trust her. Max is trying to find the videos. Yeah, of course he is. Yeah. You've got it. Go on your own, own defense. But it's, yeah, it's, it's absolutely insane. She's even saying 2000 men, the tied up in a glass box open to the public is she's gonna get arrested again. Right. Didn't David bla already do That? Yeah, he did. Yeah. So she's just ripping off David bla I would be, I would be more impressed if she didn't sleep with 2000 men if she spent a weekend being like, I'm not gonna have sex this weekend. Yeah. Watch me. Yeah. She was like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna French kiss 2000 Guys. Yeah. We're gonna make out. What do you think the, what's the world record on the most frenching in, in 24 hours is I'm gonna let, I'm gonna let 2000 guys feel my tits over the bra.


Let's see. Most men French kissed. Now if you could give 2000 handjob to completion, that would be impressive. Yeah. That would, that would actually, I would start to think like, oh my god, that's, that's some record shit right there. Yeah. Because You're gonna be sore like your arms high wrist. Yeah. You're gonna be jacked up afterwards. Yeah. You just got Jacked off. Jacked off. Alright. I have a couple who's, are you looking something up Right now? Yeah. Most men. French kiss in 24 hours. Let's see the most kisses received and given within a specific timeframe. Most kisses given in a minute. Florian Ilian gave 117 kisses in a minute during a live TV pro. That's not that many kisses. Yeah. Most kisses in eight hours.


That's what I was supposed. 117 is Alfred Wolfram kissed 11,000, 30 people in eight hours a second. Damn. I think that's, that's a record that's meant to be broken. Yeah. 11,034. You should he try to break it In eight hours. Should go for it hours. I no, I'm not, I'm I'm not a, a kisser. These Lips are sealed. I don't kiss and tell. Alright. My who's back? Henry Lockwood. You did some fucked up shit in Florida, dude. Oh, come on. Yeah. There's a, a cop in he in Florida named Henry Lockwood.


This this, this is a fake article. This is it. Fake article. It's it's real article. It's crazy. This is a fake article. No, we're gonna, we're gonna, I gotta pull it up. Or how many times did you get tagged in it? I got tagged in a lot and I was like, oh no, this is bad. Who is this like guy? That must be I what does it This is local town. This is bullshit. So this, this is where it's like there's a WO writing this Fort Lauderdale High profile. High profile Fort Lauderdale. Detective fired after internal affairs investigation. I'm just gonna read the one part. Abusing his authority. Misuse lockwood's career highlights included co-leading a Thanksgiving Turkey giveaway high profile in 2023 for a hundred media families. That is not a high profile fucking detective.


Yeah. His career highlight was giving out turkeys as a co as a co-leader. Local 10 investigates Fort Lauderdale. Detective Henry Lockwood once a face of the department future faces for giving out turkeys. Heck, He gave out turkeys to 1,200 families. That's Crazy. He co-led. He co gave Them out. That's a, that's so many Turkey. How many, how many families have you given out turkeys to Tons. We gotta beat. You know what you gotta do is you gotta give out to more, you gotta body blew this. You gotta go 2000 turkeys that way. The Henry Lockwood, you, you come up before him. Yeah. Detective Henry Lockwood, but yeah. Bad guy. Disavow. Yeah. Bad guy. Alright. My real, who's back is the Stanley Cup final obviously Wednesday.


We're gonna have Whitney on on Friday. And do we wanna do predictions? 'cause I also had a fun fact for everyone if anyone wanted to hear it. This is now 45 consecutive years that there has been a teammate of Yamar Yagger in the Stanley Cup final. That is a fun fact. Crazy. Yeah. 45 straight years. Obviously some of the guys before he started playing became his teammates. But still insane. I think it's Oilers. I got Oilers in seven. I Think it's Oilers. I'll go Panthers in five. What? The Oilers is a more fun story. Yeah, I agree. By The bar. You just, you hate Connor McDavid. Just say You do hate Connor Mc.


That we always think it's a winner was a booth. That was a, that was a panel move. Oh. Oh, okay. You're getting the, you're getting the logo up there. Yeah. Well you didn't have to say Panthers in five more Fun takes. Yeah, you could have, could have made it a little bit different. Get some interaction going. Get the en engagements zone. I Know what Panthers and four I take it back. Okay. Sweet. Okay. I like that. And then my other, who's back was, I mean we, I so Jerry randomly called you, but it was gonna be Rebecca Romaine. 'cause she has the hots for me. But I think we're gonna settle it. I think we're done. I think we're gonna, I'm gonna unblock her. Not the first time a friend's wife has been like, hates my guts or also has the hots for me. So what am I gonna do? Who else?


Actually, I don't know if anyone's ever had the hots, but definitely friends wives have hated me. I mean, obviously for it happens Several. Oh, for, because the Taylor Swift thing. No, just every, no, just being Yeah. Everyone has that. Right. Friends wives that Hate you or like girl friends, girlfriends. Oh yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Whatcha are talking about? That's the most guy thing to have happen. Oh yeah. Your friend's girlfriend hates you 'cause you're fun. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause you're too much. Yeah. That's like the Jealous. I actually think that it, it's cra if you don't have that, you're the weird one. Max. You got that for sure. Max is fun. Yeah. Max is a lot of fun. Right? Max? Oh, I, yeah. You didn't understand what I was saying.


No, I I I just, it took me a second to find out who that one was in my head. Oh, I have More Than that. And that one might have a podcast. Yeah. Yeah. And you guys have seen her hate me. Oh yeah. I'm confused by what PFT is saying. Sorry. I don't nevermind. You're a lot of fun, right, max? Yeah. Yep. Either way. I think I'm gonna squash the beef with Rebecca Roma, even though I will not, I'm not gonna move off the take that she is interested in me with how she acted. You'd agree right? Hank? I mean she was giggling. Like she didn't really disavow. Yeah. I just started laughing on the phone. She was giggling. I have a Theory Yeah. About that phone call that we got.


Ai. Do you think that Jerry just did the, the Max Diante invitation to the White House with the big dom to us with his wife. Oh, was that Jerry doing a woman's giggle? Oh, we know he is a talented voice actor. But We did hear him get out of the bathtub, by the way. And I, alright, I, because I'm trying to make, I'm trying to fix everything with I love Jerry so much that I want his wife to not either be attracted to me or also hate me. I want her to just be platonic. I thought there, I thought his bathtub would've been nicer. Yeah. Is that crazy? No, that's, you know what that bath is. That's crazy. You know what that bath is though? It looks like, it's like that's the Bath tower on the Mayflower.


Yeah. That's, That's the, the bath that he does not share with his wife. Okay. That's the secondary bathroom. Okay. Where he's allowed to bathe. Okay. Yeah. Either way her Bath is way nicer. I'm gonna, I I I, I'm pretty, I think I'm gonna unblock her and we're gonna make amends. I Think at the very, we need to make a new rule. Anytime anyone from that household calls into, Pardon My Take. It has to be from the bathtub. They have to be taking a bath. Doesn't matter who you are in that house. Man. Man or or wife. Either way. That's the podcast room Max. Ha ha Ha ha. Disrespectful. Ha ha. That was a ha ha That was a joke. Ha ha. No, That that was disrespectful.


That was a big time. Ha we're kidding. No, No. Still big Disrespect. Also, I could never also, who's back college baseball. 'cause it rocks. I I tuned in some Vanderbilt huge loss. Vandy wh Whistler. I think they were the first number one seed to not make a regional. Yeah. Ever. I might've made that stat up either way. There's been no no. To make a, A regional, not super regional. The regional, they were the number one overall seat, I believe. And they didn't make the regional That that camp, that makes no sense. Okay. It Starts at the regional. What did did they make to To lose in the regional? Oh, they didn't make it to the regional final. Sorry. Yeah, yeah. Yes. Yes. There it is. They're the first number one overall seat to not make it to the regional final.


They lost the right state. That's embarrassing. I also Love this. I don't know if it's, if there's anything to back it up statistics wise, but it feels like the first weekend of the regional finals this Sunday. Every single game is like 15 to 14 and it's a lot of fun. You just bet the over, what do you got Max? Did you find it? Insanity? The commanders lose five four to Right. State Vanderbilt is the first number one overall seed to miss a regional final. There it is. That's crazy. Shout right. State. Okay, let's get to our interviews. We got Alex Caro, then Ray Romano, and then we'll finish with lottery balls.


PFT Before we get To Alex Caruso, brought to you by State Farm and basketball. The great players don't just go it alone. They have teammates, coaches, and a solid support system behind 'em. It's kind of like insurance because let's face it, a lot of us probably aren't great at doing that alone either. And that's where State Farm comes in. State Farm is a teammate away, always ready to assist, help you find the coverage you need and help you recover from the unexpected. They get fender benders, storm damage. Even just a question about your policy. State Farm is always there to help provide you an assist when you need it through the State Farm mobile app. A network of 19,000 local agents and online@statefarm.com. So don't just go it alone when you need help protecting what matters most. State Farm is there. State Farm with the assist coverage options selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state. Check 'em out. State Farm.


Alex Caruso is also brought to you by neutrophil. An investment in your hair is an investment in yourself. This is not a targeted ad. I wanna make that clear for Alex Caro. It just works out. What a, what a happy coincidence. But the investment in your hair is just like hitting the gym or upgrading your wardrobe. Taking care of your hair can boost your confidence and help you look and feel your best. Today's sponsor, neutrophil Men supports hair growth from within, targeting root causes of hair thinning for visibly thicker, fuller hair in just three to six months. So you can show up as your best self every day. You may have heard of Neutrophils, hair growth supplements and wondered do they actually work? It's a fair question. Many hair supplements over promise and under deliver, but Neutrophil is different as the number one dermatologist recommended hair growth supplement brand. It's trusted by over one and a half million people. And it's clinically tested to deliver real results in just three to six months. Neutrophil Men is clinically proven to improve hair growth and quality. Plus men also reported no impact to sexual performance. Start your Hair growth journey with Neutrophil for limited time. They're offering our listeners $10 off your first month's subscription and free shipping when you go to nutriful.com/men And enter promo code. Pardon? That's N-U-T-R-A-F-O l.com/men. And then use promo code. Pardon? nutriful.com/men promo code. Pardon? Check 'em out today.


And now here's Alex Caruso. Okay, we now welcome on our very, very good friend and a very, very, very special guest. It is Alex Caruso from the Oklahoma City Thunder. Ready for the NBA finals on Thursday night. We actually were just saying this. I I should, I did a bad job 'cause we were talking about it before, but how badly do you want the NBA finals to start right now and sitting here being like, let's just get this thing on also. Congratulations. Yeah. Thanks to start. Thanks for having me again. Excited, excited to be back. Even though it's not in the studio, you know, this, this counts at least a little bit. Yes. Yep.


Yeah, dude, I'm ready to play games. Like that was, that was the hardest thing. And we talked about before this was like the eight days and nine days in between, you know, end of the season first round and then first and second round. And like the opposite in the last two rounds. Like we played Game seven Sunday and then played Minnesota on Tuesday. So much rather just play games. And like, this whole week is gonna be just interviews and trying to tell people, you know, the same five responses to every question. Ooh. Can you give us those five responses? Oh yeah. Give, yeah, just give us all five right now. We won't even ask you the questions. Yeah, Five five is an arbitrary number, but like, you know, like they're gonna ask about, you know, how do you feel about being in the finals?


And it's gonna be, oh, it's great. We're excited for the opportunity. And then they're gonna ask about Indiana and it's gonna be like, well they won three series two, so they're gonna be confident coming Into this is good. Like, you know, any generic coach speak, answer you can give. Like that's, that's where they're gonna have us on deck ready to go. How, how important is like getting out to a fast start? Yeah. I mean, you want, you wanna win game one, you know, game one control and, and you get into the driver's seat. You prepare all, all week to win game one. Yeah. Yeah. Alex, PFT commenter from Pardon My Take here. How do you plan on slowing down that fast break at the Indiana Pacers? Mm. Yeah. We're gonna try and play defense. It's this new newfound thing, you know, it's pretty good.


You get back in transition and you try and play defense and stop the other team. Okay. Great answers. Good answer. Good answer. Alex. Big Cat. Pardon My Take. When you guys do advanced scouting and analytics for this series, how many points are you expecting thunder to cost? The other team with his belly Pro? We've been looking over the past, the, the analytics team gotten to us. It's at least six to seven, depending on the weather, honestly. You know, rainy nights he gets a little more in enthusiastic. PFT commenter from Barstool Sports. Pardon My Take podcast. Alex, have you thought about how to best neutralize the John Halliburton factor?


Mm, Yeah. Well they, they did that for us. I think they put him up in the suite. He can't be on the court anymore, so that, that's a good start. Well, Yeah. And also, I mean, S G's dad, didn't he just win Western Conference final MVP? Yeah. That was so funny. I didn't even, I didn't even know that was happening. 'cause like, everyone's taking pictures and stuff and like, my family's on there, so I'm hanging out with them and everyone's in their own little like circle. And then I see it like, probably the day later he is like tossing it up in the air and Shay's like, like, you want it? I was like, yeah, that, that, that checks out for the few times that I've met Shay's dad. Are are you, are you a little nervous though, for real, real question about actually playing in the finals for the first time here?


Because I mean, I was wondering how long It's gotta be. Like, I would imagine like the guys look at you and they're like, Hey man, you've been here. And you're like, dude, I haven't, like we played in fucking literally Mickey Mouse's house. There were no fans. It doesn't count. It was a little different. However, however, the ring is still in the closet. So like, like anything that counts. It is been, it's been fun with the guys though. They, I, I can't remember who it was. Somebody made a joke about that too. It was like, Hey, are you excited about going to the finals for the first time? I was like, what do you mean? He was like, you know, fans. And I was like, Hmm. It would be kind of funny if like, the first like three minutes of the finals the fans kind of fucked you up a little bit.


You're like, oh shit, this is so different. Honestly, going into the, the Playoffs this year, like we, we had the win series against Milwaukee my first year in Chicago. And then a couple playing games. But like the playing games aren't the same as, you know, playoff series and the first game against Memphis this year at home, I had so much adrenaline that I, like, I had to like, calm myself down. Like I had to like switch up my music and I had to like start like actually get into some breathing. 'cause I had so much adrenaline pumping through me. Like, especially going through like layup lines, usually I'm like a chatter, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm throwing out phrases to guys like, let's start fast.


Like, you know, be ready to be ready to go. The whole warmup of game one against Memphis, I was just dead silent. I was so quiet and I was like trying to figure out how do I get myself out of it. And then once we got in the game, it freed it up. But yeah, dude, that was, that was probably the closest I'll be to being nervous before a game then. Yeah, I feel like you just get out there and you fight your way through your first screen and then you're like, okay, now I'm focused. Now I now I know that we're playing basketball. Yeah. It's like, it's like, what do they say with like football? It's like, well you need to get hit. Yeah. Like when quarterback plays his first game ever, it's like once he gets tackled for the first time, all of a sudden he like locks in and like starts throwing dimes. That's kind of what it is. You get out there, your first screen, your first whatever it is, you know, you get a little sweat going and all of a sudden it's just basketball.


So Is is it an art fighting through screens? 'cause you are like the best at it? Yeah, I mean we, we, we got, we got a handful of guys on our team that are, you know, they each have their own superpower defensively. But yeah, we talk about it. We do a good job too. Like when we watch film, whichever guy is like in the play, like we'll gas each other up for sure. Like, there'll be a play where like Lou will just not get touched for like 10 seconds and like three different people try to screen him and then he, you know, chest somebody at 30 feet and takes the ball. Cason just rips people. Dub just rips people. And then there'll be ones where like I'm, I just get skinny and I'm getting over all the screens And we just turn into like a highlight reel.


The players do, the coaches are obviously, you know, trying to like coach us and tell us to do stuff. But like the players, we do a great job of gassing each other up whenever there's a couple like that. So How do you get skinny? I feel like that's something that this podcast could, could definitely learn how to do. Yeah. Yeah. That's a, that might be the summer brand, right? There is the get skinny pod. Yeah. Slipping all the screens. Just get as close as you can to the other guy. Like a lot of it's just anticipation. And I'm also like, I have a good frame for the get skinny, you know, motto. Like I'm, I'm a, I'm a one 90 guy and I'm just like straight up and down compared to, you know, lose like six three, but he's, you know, 200 something pounds muscle.


So for me it's just literally get skinny. Like get as close as you can to the guy and get through it. Yeah. I mean, you're great at getting skinny, but you're also, you have the capability to get big with it. Like just bump into a guy. When, when you were defending against Yoic that, what was, yeah, what was that like? Just banging against Yoic for, for like the entire game. Just, I'm gonna throw my body into this huge human being. Yeah. Dude, I was exhausted after game seven. I'm not gonna lie to you. That was, that was like the most physically tired I've been all playoffs like going into, going into game one against Minnesota. I was, I was definitely like there, there wasn't a full recovery between playing Yoic for 25, 30 minutes and playing game one against Minnesota.


Luckily, you know, our team's really good. So me at like, you know, 85, 90% is still passable. But yeah, dude, I was exhausted. And it was one of those things too where it's like you, you, you use that adrenaline to your advantage. Like in the Memphis game I told you like I had, so, or before the first Memphis game, I had so much adrenaline that it was almost a negative thing. But like in game seven at that point we had played every other day and then had two days. So we had two days to rest up for game seven and like recover. So the whole game I was just like, all right, like, I will die on this court. Like if I have to, like fatigue isn't gonna be a reason that we don't win the game. But there was a couple possessions, man, where I'm like laying on him and like, luckily we have great team defense and like, there'll be a couple where like I'm fronting him and then ru running underneath like the dude's, I don't know, I don't know what his official weight is, but the dude is like, he's like offensive tackle strong.


Like he's like immovable, right? And then he doesn't, he doesn't like make these super aggressive moves to get into the post. He just like takes, takes a foot bumps you, takes another foot bumps you. So yeah, it was, it was, it was a long night in the cold tub after that one. Yeah. What, what did, did Yoic like talk shit or get f like, 'cause it felt like you were frustrating the hell out of him. Was he getting Bro, he doesn't talk. That's gotta be actually the weirdest thing, right? He's, he's got a little bit like, you know, you've seen those clips of people talking about like Tim Duncan was like a silent trash talker. Yeah. He was like, like you've seen like the kg clip where he said he is like he'll hit you in phrases like he'll like say like nice try like you'll get it next time.


Like that stuff like yo, at least to me and like playing against him, I've never heard him like talk. He literally is just like serial killer face, you know like push you up, get to the jump hook, make it jog back down the court, get a steal, push in transition, no look pass, jog back down like just a blank slate the entire time. That's gotta be like very weird and awkward to have someone not talk any shit whatsoever. I have a question about the screens. This is a dumb question. Okay. I would assume like everyone's still calling out every screen, right? Is there times when someone, one of your teammates, and maybe not on the thunder, but before like just forgot to call it out and you just get, you get like crushed.


Yeah, that happens. That happens most of the time. Not, not most of the time. The bigs always feel bad when they, when they do that because like, it usually happens on the guy that's like picking up full court. Yeah. Those are the ones where it's like you are picking up full court, so you're turning the guy trying to like make him work and then all of a sudden you like plant and go and you take that first slide and then you just get rocked. Yeah. That one's now when you look at the big and you're like, you're like, what's going on? And they usually give like a, you know, hand up accountability moment. My bad. Yeah. Yeah. Because that feels like, like that's something like when you play pickup you yell out screens, but if you don't yell at a screen in an NBA game, you could really fuck someone up.


Yeah. Well the hard part too is like, especially for us at Paycom, like we'll go on a run and the crowd will be so loud while we're on defense that we can't like, you know, you can't hear your guys talk. Yeah. There's been times where I'm yelling at Che running down the middle of the floor and like I'm, I'm three feet away from him telling him there's a guy behind him watch out, he can't hear me. And it's like sometimes it's at a detriment for us because it's like we're playing so good and the fans are so loud, but obviously I'm not gonna, you know, that's not a, I don't wanna trade off them being loud for us being able to communicate 'cause it obviously affects the other team. Right? Yeah. Do you know, do you notice speaking of the crowd when there's somebody in the crowd that's not wearing the t-shirt that everyone should be wearing?


Yeah. What was the deal that y'all, y'all went on a Well you gotta wear the t-shirt. You gotta wear the T-shirt. Yeah, no, you gotta wear the T-shirt. Right. If it's there, if you're, if you're a fan of the team and we're at home, you gotta wear the T-shirt Unless You're thunder, in which case don't wear a shirt Unless your staple, you know, have your own getup that that's like, you know, people know who you are. Yeah. Yeah. Super fan stuff. Yeah, super fan. With, with your defense being as good as it is, I've always thought that practicing defense is like the worst part of playing basketball. 'cause it's just, it's exhausting. Does it suck any less practicing defense when your defense is really fucking good? Yeah, honestly, the practice part in general is just terrible at this point.


Like, I just don't enjoy practices at all. And I think that's just comes with like, after a certain number of years in the NBA, you just get over it. Like you play so many games, like you understand, you know, there's like, I'm not learning anything new pretty much. Like I got like pretty much every coverage that the NBA does I've seen or heard or know. So at that point it's just like, you know, get through the drill, know it and, and get to the game to be able to do it. Yeah. But for me, like I, like you said, I'm, I'm a defensive guy so like that stuff kind of comes natural and easy to me. Whereas there's some people in the league that probably should work a little harder on that.


Yeah. Practice. Yeah. Do you ever think that you're a try hard on the court? Oh yeah. Okay. Alright. Good. Because there was the, the moment I'm talking about was the game six against the nuggets. You guys were down like 14 with like two and a half minutes left and you basically tried to like win the game yourself and you almost did you, I think you got two steals in a row and hit a three and it was like, holy shit, is Cruso gonna just do this himself? But then I look back and you still end up losing by like 12. I was like, that was kind of a try hard move. Yeah. You know, it's the playoffs. If you're not trying hard, you're probably not playing anymore. True. But it's also, I do that in regular season games.


Like that's I, dude, I don't know what else to do. Like, we're gonna be out there. You might as well play. I I like that. I mean, that's a good answer. Yeah. And that's also why you're, you're, you know, get all the accolades on defense. You should be trying hard in the NBA Playoffs. Yeah. I think that's a, that's a fair take to have. That's, that's probably a positive thing I think. Yeah. But that was a try hard move by you. Yeah. No, it's more, it is more fun on the road too just because like obviously you try hard at home and the fans like, even if you lose, they're like, oh, it's okay, you go next time, like you put on the road and like fans might get a little nervous and then afterwards they're like, we weren't, we weren't nervous at all. Like yeah, we knew we were gonna win the whole time. I was like, all right, well we're gonna win the next game.


Yeah. Do you remember the moment I'm talking about, 'cause you did kind of make the fans nervous for like a brief second, which was crazy 'cause the, the nuggets were up like 14. Yeah. And it was like back toback steals. We went small And we just, I mean at that point, like what, like you said, like you're down that much with that much time. It's like, all right, let's just try and get a bunch of steals and rip a bunch of threes or get layups. They also just didn't guard me on the corner three that I shot that. Do you like I I was just wide open. Do you feel disrespected when pe when teams do that? No. And and I'll tell you why not. I used to, I used to think that it was like disrespectful to me and I guess there maybe there's like 10% still like disrespect.


That's just like the ego of NBA players. But like you, you literally like, teams have to decide what they're willing to like live with and like Shea getting 50 isn't something that they're willing to live with, which respectfully. So like I, I would probably have the same idea if I was on the other team. So like, you know, I just get open shots and it's great for me. I love open shots. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it, yeah, Like open ones are easier. Yeah. Yeah. It makes sense. So what was your reaction when Magic Johnson tweeted about you after you won game five? Is that just like, the best Sent that to me and I was, I just started laughing.


'cause I've seen his tweets before where it's like, you know, it's just like an AP memo release. Yes. Like it's News tweet like, congratulations to da da da da for advancing. Yeah. No, it was, it was great. Great representation in in recognition from from magic. Yeah. 'cause it's usually like a day after the thing happens, he'll tweet about it. But this was like right when it happened. He was, the first thing he had to do was say congratulations former Laker and NBA champion Alex Caruso, who now plays for Oklahoma City Thunder and is headed to the NBA finals. Did you get a text from him in addition to that? Or was it just the tweet? No, unfortunately just the tweet no tag either. So, you know, we don't like, we don't get any followers or any credibility off that either.


They gotta like, some people probably saw that and are like, who's Alex Caro? Yeah. We're following Magic Johnson. Yeah. I got a question that I bet you you're gonna be asked, but let try to ask it in a way that's not as boring. Your coach, mark dau, who's been awesome, he was your coach when you were on the G League, Oklahoma, what is it? The city, Oklahoma City Blue. Yeah. The blue. Yeah. Have you had like a private moment where you're like, Hey, this is, this is pretty awesome. Like we're we were, we were both at, at a level where you're at the G league and you don't know if it's gonna work out for either of you and now you're four wins away from winning an NBA title at the highest level as head coach and you know, a major contributor.


Yeah. Not, maybe not as direct as, as you just put it, but like, we both know, you know how, how cool it is. Like he came in a, he came and saw me, I live in Austin in the off season. He came and saw me work out And we went to lunch afterwards one day And we were just breaking down the team and like, you know, I'm a basketball junkie and he's obviously a basketball nerd, guru, junkie, whatever you wanna call it. And so we were just talking about the team and like how everybody plays and stuff like that. And then we like obviously like bring on like, you ever think that you'd be driving to Austin and watch me work out to get ready for, you know, NBA season and nine years, 10 years ago?


He is like, no, I'm not gonna lie. I don't, I didn't think I was, I was like, yeah, me either. So we, we, we've indirectly, you know, throughout the year, like I think we understand like there's just like that, that's probably the best way to put it. There's just like that understanding that like, yeah, we were in the trenches, you know how long ago there was, it wasn't even the G league. It was the D league still. Oh Wow. Wow. It was the last of the D league. That is crazy. And that's just a cool, that's like a cool sports story where it's like that two guys had the, the, you know, there's a lot of guys who the path isn't one one and being a superstar and getting all the way up there, it's like there's a lot of different trials and tribulations. So it's, I love the story.


I hope they talk about it on the broadcast. If they don't, I'll tweet about it. If they don't talk about it, you know, I'll give you, we'll, we'll name a prize, a cash prize that I'll give you if they don't bring that up at some point. Yeah. Yeah. Speaking of cash prizes, have you gotten your watch that SGA got you appraised? How much was that? I don't know. I don't, I don't know the actual appraisal, but like the market somewhere around like 15 to 17. Oh, I thought more He kinda Cheaped out on that a little. That's kind of cheap. Don't willing me about 17 of them. Well if I ever, that's a lot of them. If I ever win N-B-A-M-V-P I'm gonna buy you a hundred thousand dollars watch because that's the kind of guy I am. That's fair. A match. Match. Yeah.


Richard Milli please. Okay. Oh wait, did he custom for everyone? Does it, is it like, is yours different than everyone else's? There's, there's, there was like a handful of different ones, like a couple sub subs that were like, I had a bluesy, the, the silver and gold with the, the blue, blue face. There's a couple black and gold ones. I think somebody got, maybe there's two sky dwellers in there. There are a couple of different colors. Yeah, there was, it was a mix. Okay. Is it engraved? I don't think so. No. That would kind of rock if you got everybody watches that just said SGA on. Yeah. Oh, like SGA Yeah. Five. Yeah. Did he, did he get the guy who, did he get like staff or was just players?


No, it was just players. Oh. 'cause I was gonna say he probably like, you gotta get one for the guy who does rebounding for your free throw practice for him, right? Yeah. Well, I mean there's like, there's unwritten ways, unwritten rules of like taking care of guys that, you know, at the end of the year, like playoff bonuses you get, you, you shell out some of those, you know, a percentage of that to those guys. Yeah. Yeah. That was, by the way, did hear what Cat was a, it was a subtle joke about him being a free throw merchant. You didn't have to No, I didn't. Yeah, I didn't, He actually, I, I saw a stat. It's like not e he's like not even the top 300 of free throw attempts. Yeah. In, in the playoffs. Like I saw another one, it was like of all the 30 point scores in NBA history, you average is like two or like two and a half less free throws than all those guys.


Yeah. Interesting. Yeah. Have You, I was gonna say, have you had a moment where you've thought to yourself, damn, it's pretty cool that I've got two guys named Jalen Williams on the team. Mm. Yeah, to be honest, although we don't ever call him Jalen Williams, so it's like hard to like it's either Jada or Jay will, which One's which Jay will is the, is the post player JW is like the, the all star this year he was the, the wing guard. Interesting. Did, did you know that those are the only two Jalen Williams to ever play in the NBA? Is it really? Yeah. And You, you you're hogging 'em all. Yeah. Holy. That's cool. Yeah. Fine with them all, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Another backhanded question coming your way, Alex, Big Cat from, from Pardon My Take.


Are there any times when SGA gets hit and he goes down and like guys on the bench, you're like, oh my God, he might really be hurt. And you're like, listen guys, I've been through this with LeBron. He's fine. Okay. I bet you're not gonna get that question in media. I didn't think you were gonna tie it back into Braun yet. Yeah, it was nice, right? Kind of brought it all the way around. That was, that was good journalism. That's professionals. No, no, I haven't had that, that that, okay. Based on my past experiences, I haven't had the ability to, to teach the guys what that's like. Okay. We have to ask about the Lakers. It's part of the contract. If you're in NBA media.


Yeah. Hey, there's two things that when I come on, there has to be a, a Mickey Mouse championship and a LeBron question. Yeah. Well, Let's be honest, let's, let's be honest. If, if you're so lucky to win the NBA finals this year, which ring are you going to feature more prominently in your house? Oh, Good question. Honestly though, I mean, you have to put 'em right next to each other. No, yeah, no, I, me personally, I wouldn't. I will say, so I got fitted, I got fitted for the first one on my pointer finger because it's like, you know, you get one, you have one on your finger. Like, you know, Tom Brady has like however many seven, right? Yeah. And he is got seven F like I wanna keep doing that. So like it'll be on the second finger. I love that Middle finger.


The middle finger is the better finger we, yeah. And we have, I don't know if you've heard It's the best finger of the hand. Yeah. We've had the debate. I don't know if you wanna chime in, but if the thunder go on to win the NBA finals this year, we have, we've gotten ahead of it And we think this actually will be the worst thunder team to win a title in their dynasty run. 'cause you guys are probably gonna win like six in a row. So you're saying this is the worst this year? Yeah. We're Just back. We'll be like, can you believe that team won? Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a, that's a hot take. That also insinuates that we're gonna win like six, correct? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. We're already like, we're way beyond that now.


Yeah, we've, if you don't win four then that's a disappointment. We're already ranking all of the championships. You guys are gonna win. And we've already put this one at at the bottom Dead last. Okay. Yeah. That's fair. Well if that does happen, I'll shake your hand And we can agree that this was the worst one. Okay. Yeah. Do you ever get jealous that you're not in all the commercials with Chet and SGA and all those guys? The at t ones? Yeah. No, I'm glad they didn't make 'em sing this year or whatever. Whatever they did. Yeah. I'm not gonna lie, being on their team this year, it's more bearable to watch whenever, whenever the first one came out last year when it was just Chet and Shay, I think it came on so much dude. Yeah. And I, I was watching so much battle.


I was like, I swear to God, if I have to see this again, I'm gonna like break my laptop or throw something on my tv. Yeah. But now be on their team this year. I'm like, oh yeah. It's a great commercial. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, well, Alex, you're, you're the man. We've been rooting for you all playoffs. You're, you're the o you're the only team I have is just you personally. Yeah. Yeah. You sent me, you texted me, told me, Yeah. I am, I'm rooting for you. We said that you're the face of the NBA. Yeah, you are. Somebody said that to me the other day. Who? Oh, is Tommy Tommy? Yeah. Big Cat. I texted you yesterday. I said, yeah. What's the debate? Yeah. 'cause it said embrace debate and he was like, what's the debate? Yeah, that's a good point. He's the face of the league. Yeah.


Alright, so I have one last question. Rollback question. R-H-O-P-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs, polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code. Take.


It's, I get Well, no, we're not gonna do any jinxes. We're rooting for you to win. We want you to win. If you do win, would you come on the show drunk? Oh, for sure. Okay. Hell Yeah. That's it. Hell yeah. Awesome. I feel like that's probably the next level of our, of our bonding as as Yeah. Being y'all's friends and in a, in a show guest is like actually being adults and going to get some beers. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I mean, well, if you didn't get traded, you were gonna be in our office all the time on the simulator. That's true. That's true. It was gonna be, yeah. But we weren't gonna be winning as much, so it was gonna be like, yeah. Sad beers instead of happy beers. I, I think if you win the NBA championship, you come on the show drunk, that puts you in the Joe Burrow pantheon.


That's part of my take guess. Yeah. Wow. We have to do it. We get it. We need to do it like in a different spot though. Like, not in the studio. It needs to be in a, like a special, special movie. Thunders House. What'd you say? Thunders House? Yeah, The backyard. Yeah. Yeah. He invited us over. Is it Kegar at Thunder's House? Yeah. I think what should happen is you should have, since you play for the thunder, you should have, we should go storm chasing together. Oh shit. Yeah. We'll think about it. We'll see. We'll see. Let's win it and then we'll talk about it. Okay. That's fair. All right. Do you have any questions for us? 'cause we're, you know, you should, you should start lobbing questions at the media, in your press conferences.


Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. What, what's up with y'all's new guy? Zach? Oh, Zach's here. The McDonald's? Yeah, he is McDonald's order. Did you hear? Yeah, he's Here. Did you think that was too much? What's your problem with it? No, I just, I wanted, I was, I was interested. Two, two part one. The 10 to 20 nuggets, how do you determine, and also how many sauces? So I guess that's a two part first, first question. Yeah, Zach. So usually nuggets go tail end. So like, if you're not feeling the full 20, you can kind of pop four or five before the sauce. And if you're feeling up for it, like, ah, I'm gonna house these. Then you start dipping into the different sauces. Four To five dry. That's Crazy. You go Four or five dry.


If they're still warm, you pop a couple, like put 'em on the plate. Yeah. You put four or five, you eat four or five dried nuggets to see if you're really into that nugget Mood. Okay. That came off wrong. It just like, as you're assembling the plate, you know, you're reaching in the container. A couple might land on the palate in your Mouth, a couple might fall outta the container into your mouth. Okay. A second. Second question. Second question. What flavor ice cream? So, all time Netflix and chilled is my favorite. Ben and Jerry's flavor. But I will say last night I did have, they have a chocolate caramel cheesecake flavor. I tried. You should definitely give it a shot. If you're ever in a, in the mood for some ice cream, man. Okay. Post, post, post post season in the off season. I'll, I'll get after that. That's a crazy order. I'm just gonna say crazy, Crazy, Crazy.


Especially do the five dried nuggets. Zach, real quick. Did you ever think that when you shared this at two in the morning coming back from Indianapolis, you'd have Alex Guso on the precipice of going to the NBA finals, being like, dude, what's up? What's wrong With you? Not even a little bit, I don't really know what to think right now, but, but if you need any other ice cream recommendations, I'll, I'll definitely send you over a short list of some flavors they have there. Absolute hitters Jerry's only or is that like a Oh no, do we can definitely switch up brands. If you have like a one, like a hometown favorite you, you enjoy I'll Blue Bell Ice cream. Yeah. Blue Bell Ice Cream. It's a southern thing. Blue Bell. Okay. Yeah. I can get into a little blue bell. They got that classic vanilla from Bluebell. It's a little like, it looks a little yellow in the tub, but Oh, it's fantastic.


Yeah. It's creamy. Yeah. Yeah. They got like a birthday cake one too. Oh. Course you know, cream man. That's, that's awesome. Yeah. Cream team. He's, listen, he'll do some market research for you. I, I will farm him out to you to, to get you honed in on exactly what you want for ice cream. Bring him to Thunder's house. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He's in, he's in. I'll do whatever you need, Mr. Cruz. I just lemme know. He also, he also just calls us, sir. Constantly. Yeah. Yeah. Mr. Mr. And sir, That's professionalism. Yeah, it is. It is. Alright. You're the best. Good luck in the finals and hopefully we're getting drinks and, and you're, you're putting it on the second finger.


Yeah, man. Four more to go. Appreciate it guys.


Alex Caruso was brought to you by NASCAR and their Omo Rodriguez, which is the crown jewel of the NASCAR Mexico series. Tight Corners fast rates push drivers to their limits with door-to-door battles, all raced long. Anything can happen in Mexico City where bold moves and dramatic finishes are part of the show. The fan experience is electric. They've got passionate crowds, nonstop energy, and a celebration of motor sports culture takes. Tickets are going fast. Lock yours in now at NASCAR dot com. Don't miss the excitement. Feel the adrenaline in Mexico City. Watch the NASCAR Cup series in Mexico City, live on prime, June 15th at 3:00 PM Eastern, you get edge of your seat racing action with the Otto Dromo at Armos Rodriguez, the crown jewel of the NASCAR Mexico series. And now here is Ray Romano.


Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest, recurring guest. It is Ray Romano. We're getting ready for the American Century Celebrity Golf Championship tournament in Tahoe. Ray, you are going to be there. We wanted to have you on to talk about everything, but also your golf game. By the way, we went last year for the first time. We're going again this year, the best event possible. Like it is heaven on Earth. It's incredible. But how, how are we feeling? Well, I mean, I do you do you golf? Yeah, We, I used to. I just quit recently and it feels great. Yeah. Well, I golf. I don't know what, yeah, How good are you?


What's your handicap? Do you know? Terrible. I think it was at its peak about a 24. So not, not very good. Yeah, well, I'm like a 14. I'm like a 1415, but so I stink and I suck and I go, you know, I go in streaks where I'm o maybe I can shoot in the eighties. I've only broken 80 once in my life. I shot 79 about a two years ago. And that was, you know, that's the pinnacle for me was my goal was to break 80 once in my life when I did it. But my goal when I go to Tahoe, you know, there's these elite athletes, right?


It's, there's 80 of us, let's say, or 90, and they're all celebrities, but most of them are from the sports world. So there's about 20 from the entertainment field, you know, and my goal is to, I just want to, because golf is the great equalizer. Golf is, you know, I can play with Steve Young who's, you know, five times Super Bowl. I've been, he's got five Super Bowl rings or whatever, and I can compete with him. You know, I can't compete with, you know, Aaron Rogers or Steph Curry. But my goal is to try to come in the top 50. I've been playing 20 years there and I've never broken the top 50.


So that's my realistic goal when I go there, is to just break the, the, the 50 marker. I love that. And also also 'cause Barclay's getting better. He's getting better Barkley. I don't want him to beat me. Yeah, that's, that's a fair goal to have. So what happened the year that, that you were at your peak at this tournament? What was it about when you were at your best that you were trying to recapture? What, well, when was I at my best though? I guess when you were, were you the top 60? I've never broken 50, I think, I think the best. And, and another thing is it's the staple forward system. So you, you get points, you know, and if you, if you double boger, you get minus points.


So my goal is to be in the plus the, the highest I ever scored was a, a plus eight. I believe I finished plus eight. You know, so, so, so my, I I have 20 years. I've, I've finished in the plus four times maybe. So that's my goal is also to finish in the plus. But I go in streaks like five, five months ago I was a nine handicap and I've never been a single digit handicap ever. And it was my short game, you know, somebody gave me a little tip on the short game. And that's the key, man. The short game is can save you and you, you know, you can recover from a shitty shot. Sorry, can I say that?


Yeah. You just say whatever you want. Fuck. Fuck. Okay. Wait, wait. Give us the tip. Oh, man. I don't know. It was just chipping the one guy, one guy gave me a tip not to break your wrist in any chip shot. Not to just keep a straight wrist for every, every shot. Even like a F 50 yard shot and a little chip from the side of the green. I started doing that. It started working. I got to a nine handicap single digit. Now I'm back to a 1314 because like any tip, it works for about four or five rounds and then it just starts going away. Yeah. So, Yeah, I have a tip. That never goes away though.


Maybe you can use this this year, break the top 50. You just cheat. If you just cheat at golf, Then that's my other problem is I'm very anal OCD and I play every rule. I play it when, when somebody plays with me. I, I, I really think I annoy them, you know, because, 'cause I'm not good, but if I hit it ob and I can't find it, I gotta go back to the T and hit and they're like, what, what's this guy doing? He's gonna shoot a 1 0 1. And he is worried about it. But I am. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't cheat. Yeah. Well, I, I, I actually, I I'm gonna correct you. I I don't think it annoys people. I know it annoys people. Yeah.


Yeah. I warn him, I warn him ahead of time, man. I don't take any gimme putts. I do the whole thing, man. Yeah. And, you know, whatever, whether they play with me again is a question. I think you can definitely beat Barkley. I think that's a, that's a good goal to have. As long as you can stay ahead of him, then nobody's gonna question you. Well, you Know, he is, he's not, he doesn't have the hitch anymore. Yeah. I don't know how much you know, that, that yeah, that hitch, yeah, he, he got rid of that. You know, that was a, that was a psychological thing. And he was trying for years. And I, I feel for him, man, I feel it's like, it's like somebody put a curse on him or something, you know? So How did they work out the pairings for that? How did they work out who you're gonna be playing with? I'll tell you the thing, 20 years ago when my show was still on the air, and I had a little, I had a little more clout.


And I could, and my boys, you know, I got, I got three boys and they come every year. And they were like, in their, they were 12 and 11 then. And I could request who I could play with, you know, so I'd always find some New York jet or somebody I played with. I played with a bunch of jets, you know, and then little by little I lost some of that clout. And, you know, 'cause I, no one could, you can't really request who you play with. I mean, Steph Curry of course, plays with his father, and Travis Kelsey plays with his brother. But otherwise it's just random. I get who I get and I, I, I usually get a, the comedians, I get Baumgartner.


I get Larry the cable guy. I get Rob Riggle. But I'll tell you about 10 years ago I played with Trump. I got paired up with Trump. And I think, you know, that's where the Stormy what, what was her name? Stormy Daniels? Yeah. He was out at that tournament. That was at that tournament. Yeah. So I didn't see her, but I saw him. And he plays the same style as you, right? Like, if he hits it outta balance, he says, I'm taking it back to the T No, GIMs. Yeah. Except, except he, he's hitting one on the T I'm hitting three on the tee.


Yeah. Yeah. How, how, but you know, he was, he is pretty solid player. I think he was like about a 10 or an 11 handicap. But that was pretty interesting. Yeah. Yeah. How, how are you feeling about the jet season also? Where, where have you been for the Knicks? Have you not, have you not decided to go sit courtside? Like what's, you Know, a celebrity road? Well, I'm in LA Man. If, if, if I was in New York, I, I, I try to be there, but Timmy, Timmy Chamblee has all the seats, tickets now. I know. Yeah. I mean, tonight, right? I mean, I'm a, listen, I, I'm, I'm a more a Jet fan and a Yankee fan. I, I didn't follow basketball as much, but I was always a New York fan. And I was at a playoff game for the Knicks.


I think it was against the Portland Trailblazers maybe 20 years ago. So I'm there. If I was in New York, I'd try to muscle into the game for sure. But it looks, it looks rough though, boy, I'll tell you. Yeah. W so, so how are we feeling about the jet season? Are you, are you all in on Justin Fields? Have you gone through the process? Here's Our feeling. Look, There it is. Now listen, Ray, I can give you, I, I, as a Bears fan, I've gone through the whole Justin Fields, you know, story arc. So if you have any questions, I'm happy to answer any questions you have about Justin Fields in your new quarterback. I guess my question is, you know, do we have a chance?


I mean, he's a great guy. He's a he is, he is a, he's a runner. Right? At least we got a runner. Yeah. Great guy, runner. I always have faith. I always have faith. You know, I think last time I was on with you guys, I, I made some stupid prediction about the Jets. And I, you know, Aaron Rogers, I played golf with 'em once. And I, I was really rooting for that to happen. And my boys, you know, my boys are super diehard. I have, I have twin boys, and they took the red eye from LA for his first game, and they were there when he ran out. Oh, no. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We've, and, and the, the sad thing is I became a Jet fan after, almost immediately after they won the Super Bowl in 69.


So it's been a long, long stretch. Yeah. But, but you're, but look, you're a Bears fan. I mean, you don't give up, right? You, you don't Give up. No, no. You also, is that now, like if you became a Jets fan right after Joe Namath won the Super Bowl. Is it the Ray Romano curse? Is that what we're gonna go with? Let's not, So wait, you, you became a fan of the team. It was, it, I was a Yankee fan too, and they won. Yeah, True. They Had some good, yeah, they've won a lot of, yeah. It, it doesn't apply to baseball. You're right. So you saw them win a Super Bowl, and you said, that's a team I'm going to root for. At that point, I was young. I was, I was like 11 years old and I didn't, I wasn't really locked into this rooting then.


And I was following my older brother, you know, when, when, when, when it came time to pick a baseball team when we were real like eight and nine. And my cousin was older than us. And so we, we asked him for his advice, and the only two teams we knew were the Yankees and the Cleveland Indians. Okay. And We had to like, decide who we gonna root for And we made the right choice on that one. Yeah. We pick the How do you, how do you feel about Juan Soto going across town? You know, my boys don't like it. My, my twin boy says, Nope, can't, can't ever vote root for him again. I'm like, I don't know. Business is business, you know? But I mean, I, I, I don't know the, the super details of it.


I mean, if he's staying in New York, you, you know. And, and didn't the Yankees offer him more money? I think it was comparable. It was, it was close. I think the Mets might have offered a Little more, actually. It was, yeah. Yeah. I broke it. I broke it down with the boys. It sounded like it was the same, but if you broke it down, it wasn't, you know, I'm not the, a New York fan where I can't, if I like the Yankees, I, I can't root for the Mets. I'll, if the Yankees aren't there, I'll root for the Mets. Also, I was at the, my father took us to the game where they won their division for the first time when they, in 69, when they, you know, when they won, he took us to, when they clinched the division.


And I remember running on the field as a young kid in 69. And I had the Mets, I had the Mets on my show. Everybody loves Raymond. I, I had about nine mets on the show for one episode. I had, we had every, we had really everybody except for Tom Seaver, you know? So I got a little soft spot for the Mets too. But I, I'm not rooting against Soto. Yeah. But my, I won't tell my boys that. 'cause my boys are, you know, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're at a different level than me. Yeah. I, I actually have a, a question about baseball and your show. So, on one episode of Everybody Loves Raymond, you, you met Barry Bonds, your character met Barry Bonds.


Yes. Your character was also a sports writer. Yes. Would your Character vote for Barry Bonds to go into the Hall of Fame? Mm. That's a tough one. Tough question. That's like a, that's like a P Rose question too. Yeah. I gotta get more details. I don't know. I gotta be more informed. Just like with P Rose, you know, I'm, I think if I, I only know the stuff on the surface and from what I hear, you know, and he never bet on his team and what's going on now with, with gambling and how it's everywhere. I mean, I I, I might be inclined to vote for Rose to get in, you know?


Yeah. Yeah. I, I agree. I also think Barry Bond should be in the Hall of Fame because everybody, everybody was using steroids. Not everyone, but most players. Yeah. Most of the power hitters were, and he's by far the best hitter to ever play the sport. So I feel like Was McGuire, was McGuire caught using stuff? Oh, yeah. Yeah. They, the whole Andrew Bond in there. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. The, but it's a museum at the end of the day. It's gotta tell the history of the sport. You can't just be like, oh, the guy Pete Rose just didn't exist. That's crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, now, now what do you think? Do you think he's gonna get in? I do. Yeah. I do. I think he probably will. Yeah. They, which is a shame that they do it after he dies, but Yeah, I know, I know, I know.


Yeah. What whatcha gonna do? I got a, I got a weird question for you, Ray. I'm ready. So I, the, I'm not, I don't think I'm gonna apologize for this, but I'm gonna acknowledge that I'm weird. I don't know if you remember this. I think about it every now and then, when you, we last saw you, you were actually in our offices when we were still in New York. We're in Chicago now, and you came on the YouTube show. I do during the day. And I, I asked you if you think your, your twin boys ever kissed, because I have a theory that all twins have kissed at some point. Just 'cause I know that if I saw someone who looked like me, I'd, I'd kiss him. I don't, I'm not gonna apologize for it, but I'm gonna say, Hey, hand up.


That was kind of a weird question to ask you. Yeah. Not only do I remember it, I, I had to go to therapy for it. I do remember it. And my boys, I told my boys yesterday that I was coming on the show, and they, they brought it up again, you know, and they, and they, they actually told me that there was a top 10 most embarrassing thing. It made, it made a list of something. Yes, yes. Yeah. Yeah. And, and, And, you know, I don't, I don't mind it. Okay. You know, it reminded me of, I used to do a bit in my standup about my twins, but this, and this was a, based on a, an absolute true story. Is that when they were like four, they were in the bathtub.


I was, I was running the water for 'em. They were in the tub. I don't know, I got a phone call, I stepped out, and then from the bathroom I heard, Ew. Oh. And I'm like, oh, no. And then I hear, now let me see. And then, ew, now, and, and in my act, I wa I was like, I, I didn't want to go in. I wanted to like schack the door shut. Not, no. And I went in and true story. Sure enough, one of 'em was bending over and the other one was stretching the cheeks apart.


Oh. So they definitely have Kissed. There's nothing weird about, that's how me and Big Cat prep for each Show. Yeah, we do. Yeah. That's, Yeah. Yeah. That's before we did this, guys, this is a curiosity. Yeah. And then I said, Hey, listen, I don't, I, I did that as a kid, but in the mirror I never Had. Right. But that's life with twins. Yeah. They, Yes. That's when, when you have someone who is, is basically you, you, you don't have to look in the mirror. You can look at him. Yeah. You know, But one of 'em got married last year. I had two kids get married last year, so, awesome. I'm getting old man. Congrat. That's congrats. Yeah. By the Way, did you tell that story at the wedding? That would've been a great toast. I did not.


You know what? I wish I would've thought of that. Yeah. Because I said some stuff that my wife said I probably shouldn't have at the wedding. Yeah. The, the full circle of the, of the twin kissing question is that a guy in the room with us who did the, who, a very talented guy here at Barsol, who used to do the show with me, he three months ago had twin boys. And so when he had twin boys, I kind of was like, maybe I have to revise this theory of mine. And he was like, nah, keep with the theory. It's fine. We'll, we'll, we'll find out. He, Were they identical? I don't think they're identical, but I, I like, literally when I found out, the first thing that popped in my head was, was our interaction. He said the same thing happened to him where he is just like, yeah.


Yeah. I guess that was a question that was asked. And now we, someday the, the twin boys are gonna see this and just be like, oh, should we kiss? I I, I do remember one day they were, we were driving, because that's the, there is such a uniqueness to identical twins. Yeah. And we were in the car, and one was in the front, one was in the back, and they were, I don't know, seven or eight. I probably shouldn't have had the guy in the front and the one in the back. I don't know what he's doing, but he just says, Hey, Greg. Yeah. He goes, no matter what you do, don't squeeze your testicles. So at least they help each other out that way.


Yeah. That's good advice. Yeah. That's really good advice that I never got. I needed to get that advice from a twin, just being like, don't do This. Now at my age, it's try not to sit on 'em. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Did you ever dress 'em to be the same? Or, or were they always their own individual? Oh, My wife. My wife would give them the same clothes. But Greg had green and Matt had red, we had green for Greg, so we Could, you know, Because my mother could never tell him apart. Nobody could really tell him apart, you know? That's so funny. Yeah. Yeah. I have a one, another other story. This is not a, this is a more cute, but the only time we, when they were real little, the only time we traveled with without both of them, I had to come to LA for something, for audition or something.


And my wife came with me and they were like three years old. And we took one. And, and this was the first time traveling. And we got to the hotel And we have the one twin, And we put him in the hotel and we're, we're unpacking our bags, whatever. And from the other room, we hear a thump. And I go, we go in there and it's him standing next to a full length mirror. And he thought he saw his brother and ran into the mirror. Oh, twins rock. Yeah. Does that, yeah. It sounds like fun, honestly. Yeah. I'm, I'm changing my opinion on twins. I Think that everybody in the world has a secret twin somewhere. Like, you might, you might never meet 'em, but there's somebody that lives somewhere that looks exactly like you.


Like a, like wow. I've seen, unfortunately, when you're, you know, when you're in the public eye, you get, they, they let you know when they look like you, you know? Yeah. And usually they lookalikes. It's not, it's not a very flattering lookalike. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Sometimes. Yeah, sometimes. But most of the time it's like, okay, I, I guess I gotta get my hair dyed or something. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. An another weird question. I actually don't think this is weird, but it's more like a grown man saying, another grown man, I loved your work in Ice Age. 'cause I have three little kids, and you are phenomenal in Ice Age. I think there's a new one coming out. Is that weird for an adult to say that to another adult being like, Hey, the wooly mammoth that you voiced, you've, you, you knocked that out of the park.


Well, thank you. But, and that, and that brings up another, another bit I'm doing in my act in my standup now, you know, my, my daughter got married at the New York Public Library, and I don't know if you've ever been there. It's like, it's like literally like the Capitol building. It's like the White House. It's, it's this majestic building. And I can't tell you how expensive this wedding was. So in my act, in my standup, I tell the audience how expensive it was, and they kind of laugh. I go, no, folks, you don't understand. I gotta do ice age six now. And, and that's what we're doing. Yeah. Yeah. We're doing ice. I, I, I, I did that joke before it came up, and then they called me and said, Hey, we're thinking of doing another one.


And here we are, man. The, I can't, I mean, look, the, the real, the Ice Age didn't last this long. It's been 25 years since the first one. Man, it's crazy. But, you know, it's Yes. If you have kids, it's, it's fun to do it and have, now there's a new generation gonna watch it. So I'm, I'm, you know, I don't, I don't know what a new story they can make out of this, you know? I know we're gonna be running away from something, but we're getting the gang back together and doing another one. I Love it. And, and it is, they, they're genius kids movies because they start it with the, with the squirrel or whatever the, the animal is.


Yeah. Yeah. And, and that's just, that gets the kids hooked right away. Like, if you can get a little kid to laugh out loud, within the first 30 seconds of a movie, they're gonna watch the whole movie. So they figured it out. How old is your kid? I have a 6-year-old, a 4-year-old, and a 2-year-old. Oh, wow. Yeah. Yeah. So you're in there a lot Of ice age? Yeah. We'll be, we're we're, I'll tell you right now, we're in for ice age seven and eight. Okay. So we're, we're, we're Sign us up. Oh, I, I, listen, I'm not gonna you, the, that's the thing. You don't what you, you, you don't say no to it, you know? Yeah. It's, it's, it's not the hardest work in the world.


And I don't want to talk about the money, but the money's not bad also. Yeah. How long, how long does it take, like when you do a movie like that, when you're doing the Voice, how many, how, like is it days? I, I go in, I go, well, it's a lot of days it, it's not a lot of days in the booth, but you go into the sound booth and you do like a four or five hour session, and then you come back months later and do another one and then a month later do, and then it could take up to a y close to a year until they get all the audio down from me. You know? But the thing is, I've, I've done five of those movies. I've never been in the studio with another actor. Ha. It's just all you Piece work, it's this.


Yeah. You know, you're on one page and then you're on the next, and they have to tell you, okay, you're now, you're running away from a dinosaur, but there's a lava pit and they have to fill you in on where you are. And Yeah. But it takes about a year of getting into the studio. Yeah. Do you get to watch your character as you're doing the voice work for it? Or do they take your voice and then they match the vo? Yeah, they, they don't, they don't animate it till after they get the audio down. And then when you come back the next time, they'll show you a piece of that, you know? Yeah. Of what they, what they animated. But it's a, it's a different animal. It's a, it's, and, and, and, and sometimes, like you're, you're running away from a, you're gonna get killed and you're screaming and they tell you, you know, your, your head was this far off the mic, you gotta do it.


This, you gotta keep your face right in front of the mic, you know? Yeah. It's a little weird. But What's, what, what's more difficult work doing voiceover like that or acting in a movie for Barton Scorsese? I, I, I would say the, believe it or not, the animated is a, a little more tedious that way, but nothing's more scarier than doing a movie. And for Scorsese, not because of him, it's just because of me. You know? I mean, I don't know if I, I don't know, tell me if I repeated told this story last time, my dad, I know you guys wouldn't remember, but when I did my first scene with De Niro, right.


First of all, I can't even believe I'm on this movie. I can't even believe it. What am I doing here? Right? The Irishman. Yeah. Yeah. The Irishman. Yeah. And I'm face to face with De Niro and I'm his lawyer, and I'm asking him, did you do it? It's a big scene, and it's like day two. And we do it, it takes, you know, you gotta do it from this side, this side, this side. Scorsese standing right there. And De Niro, you know, de Niro. I, I love De Niro. He doesn't say much, you know, he doesn't talk a lot. You know, when, when, when the cameras aren't rolling, and we're there for like 3, 3, 4 hours, cut, go home. That's the end of the day. And, and everybody leaves, you know?


And I'm like, I don't need somebody to pat me on the back, but I, I need somebody to tell me I'm not gonna get fired. You know? Yeah. Right. And nothing, everybody goes home, you know? And I, we're staying at a hotel in Long Island, and I drive to Long Island, and I'm like, I call my wife, and I'm like, I don't know. I don't know if I'm gonna be have this job tomorrow. I don't know nobody, we are there for so long. And nobody said anything. She goes, calm down, calm down. I get to the hotel, I check in and I'm like, in my head like that. And then I hear Ray, and I look and it's De Niro, and he's checking in. He's got his guy with him or whatever, and I go, oh, hey. He, he doesn't say one word.


Walks over, kisses me on the cheek, walks away. I call my wife, I say, I don't, I think I'm okay. It's a, it's a mafia movie. You know, A kiss on the cheek sometimes can go either way. Yeah. You know? But Did you Kiss him back? I, no, this, this is not like the twins. Oh, man. Oh no. But he, I mean, that was, yeah. It was like he, he talked, he kissed me off a ledge. Yeah. It was on a, That's all I needed. All I needed.


Well, I got one last question for you, Ray. Yeah. It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code, take great golf stuff, like we said, Ray and, and a bunch of guys are gonna be out at the American Century Celebrity Golf Championship in Tahoe. We'll be there. So my last question is, when was the last time you hit a patron there? And is that an active thought in your head? Because we've, I think we were offered to do the ProAm and we were like, I, we don't trust ourselves. We'll, this will be bad.


I, I probably hit one person every year. You know, I'm, I'm, listen, if you average it out, I'm not even joking, because Well, you've been there, you've seen the crowds. Yeah. That they're Everywhere. Yeah. And we're all hackers, you know, I mean, some of us are good, but even, even the good ones, hitch hit crappy shots, you know. But the, the scary one was about four years ago, and it was during, you know, on Wednesday you have to do the, you do the corporate round. Every celebrity has to play with four corporate guys, you know, and it was during that round, and the spectators are there, and I hit a nine iron. Oh. And I kind of scolded a little, so it didn't go up, but it wasn't a line drive.


And it was by the green. And we yelled four, and there was a bunch of people around. And then I walked up, we thought people scattered. And when we got there, there was a woman on her back. And there was some, here was the scary part. There was someone next to her saying, Carol, stay awake. Stay awake, Carol, stay awake. I'm like, what the fuck? You know, what's going on? And the, the paramedics had to come. She, the good news is she was, she, she recovered. She was okay. And the funny news is, I finally got to on my knees and said, Hey, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. And she said, from laying down, she says, can I take a picture with you?


And, and I laid next to her. We have a picture late. 'cause she couldn't get up Yeah. Of laying next to her. But she went to the hospital. She had black eyes. I, you know, I, I kept in touch with her for a little bit. It, it was, it was this, one of the scariest moments for me. I thought I was gonna withdraw from the tournament and all, but she ended up being okay. Yeah. But I do, I hit one, I hit a guy. I hit a guy that's one of you guys competition. I, oh man, I'm gonna forget his name. He works for the guy in Ryan S Is that it? Florida? In Florida? No, no. Oh, the Leard show? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and the, the guy was there covering it, and he was, he wanted, the, the weird part was he's married to my cousin's daughter, my c my first cousin's daughter.


And so he, the guys were telling him, you gotta tell Ray, you're related to him, whatever, and whatever. And on the 17th hole, I didn't even know the guy was there. I never saw him before in my life. I hit that guy and, and he was ready to come over and talk to me. And then he didn't talk after I hit him. He didn't talk to, he didn't get hurt. But then eventually we talked about it on the show that I actually nailed him. Yeah. Yeah. I'm glad that that lady was okay. It would be a very, it'd be a very embarrassing lawsuit if he hit somebody and then they took you to court because your golf game was so bad that you Hurt them. Yeah. Well, the, the thing is on the ticket, they, you know, they, there's no legal recourse they can take. 'cause if they come on the course, they know. But are you guys gonna be there this year?


Yeah. We'll, so actually, I, I think we're gonna try to do the get hit by Ray Romano challenge. We might just follow you around and stand like 200, 2 50 away and hope you hit us, and then we'll sue you. If, If you're two 50 away, I won't reach you. Okay. We'll stagger it. I feel like a par three is a good, a good option for that Stay. One 50. Alright. One 50. Okay. Alright. That's a sweet spot. But yeah, we'll be there. And we, we'll, we'll, we'll definitely say hello and, and thank you for coming on as always, always fun to have you on and thank you. Let's go. Is this, is this Aaron Live Monday? With Today? Monday. Oh, okay. I was gonna say go next, but it'll be over by then, right? No, you Can say it. You can do it. Yeah.


Maybe it'll be game seven Monday night. Maybe it won't. Maybe it won't. Yeah. Yeah. Keep the face. We Need, we, we need cat. We need that cat to, to step. How's he doing, by the way? Is he playing? Yeah. Yeah. He's doing okay. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. The big pur, he, he, I think he'll be okay. He some great games. Yeah, I know. He is got a knee. He, he, his knee is okay. He is gonna play. Yeah. He's Gotta play. He's gotta play. Okay. I mean, he played the, he played, he got back in the game that night. So I, I would assume he is okay to play, but Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. All right, well, we'll say hello and thank you as always. And let, let's break 50 this year. We're gonna watch, we're gonna be, we're gonna be Ray Romano Breaks 50. That's the goal. That's the goal to coming below 50th place. I tell, Tell you what, if it hits me, I'm actually gonna, I'm gonna direct it towards the green for you.


Yeah, I'll throw it. I'll throw it to the hole. You, you play it where it lies, wherever it goes. Yeah. We need An army out there helping you. Let's do it. Got you. We got You. I'll take it. Alright guys. Thank you. Thanks, Ray. Thank you. Appreciate It.


Part of my take is sponsored by Better Help Men Today face immense pressure to perform, to provide, to keep it all together. So no wonder that 6 million men in the US suffer from depression every year, and it's often undiagnosed. It's okay to struggle. Real strength comes from opening up about what you're carrying and doing something about it. So you can be at your best for yourself and everyone in your life. If you're a man and you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to someone. Talk to a friend, talk to a loved one, talk to a therapist. With over 35,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, there's no shame in it. I've gone to a therapist before in the past, it's helped me tremendously. I would recommend it if you're thinking about trying it, you should think about using Better Help as the largest online therapy provider in the world. Better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with Better Help. Our listeners get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash pmt. That's better help hlp.com/pt.


Okay, let's wrap up the show. By the way, I had this as a, who's back, but then I looked it up and it, I guess it's like a month old. I don't know if you guys saw it, I think it went viral this weekend. But it was Mark Ingram telling the story about how Jamis Winston once did a pregame speech that started in prayer and ended in the Monday Night Football theme song. I love it. So good. I love it. It's, it's, He's the best. So Good. He's the goddamn best. Yeah. Good show boys. Good show. Zach, did we have anything we missed? Also, good job of handling yourself with Caruso. That was nerve wracking. Thank you, sir. One, one thing, we talked earlier, we were talking about a, a Knicks blowing that 14 point lead in game one may have been the biggest fourth quarter deficit blown.


The Milwaukee Bucks, actually, or no, the, yeah, the Milwaukee Bucks actually blew bigger league. They had 29 points in the, in the for to the Atlanta Hawks this one time. Oh, Oh, okay. Okay. In the playoffs. I'm sorry, I take it back. Fuck you Hank. Yeah, Sorry. So Nick season no longer disappointed, I apologize. Sounds a huge correction. Good. Good point. Tech, I like That. Z Boy. Yeah. Any, would you trade Kat For Giannis? I'm down. Okay. Nice. That's, that's a good GM right there. That's a real good G Cat for Giannis who says no. Yeah. No one. I haven't heard a single person say no to that. Yeah. Let's get it done. Let's get it done.


Okay. Numbers three. I think that was Hank. Yeah, that was Hank Memes had the Echo three. I Think that was Hank. Zach, You're, you're in charge now. You just demoted Pug. Wow. President, did you just, did you just storm the capitol on pug? Pugs Not here. Mm. Yeah, but That was, That was pretty fucked up. What? You just did memes. You just, that was a, that was a's a charge. That was a bloodless coup on pug. I don't know who got three first. That's who, who you guys think Got three first there. Yo, Pug, I think The host of the show. I'm pretty sure the host of the show sounded off. Give, Give pug your headset right now. Memes. I think that was Pug said something. Yep. Memes.


Can We get more headsets in the back, by the way? Me memes just straight up demoted you. He said Zach's in charge. He made Zach president. Not that mic, This mic, this room. There's a speaker in there. This room's getting crammed these days. Wait, there's a speaker in the back room. Why? Why does every time you have to put on headsets? Because if You would hear the speaker through the Mic. So we need more headsets. We tech technically. Yes. Okay. Let's just get a couple more. Okay. All right. Let's just get that done. You know what, Zach, you get his headsets. Okay. You gotta get his headsets. I got, I got headphones in my backpack. I can do that. Okay. How?


Okay, we'll get more headphones. We'll get more headphones On it. Alright. P, you decide it was Hank. I I thought it was Hank. Oh, Ty. I wasn't here. It's kind of hard to, it was Hank. Okay. Rock, paper, scissors. Oh, a fair president. Alright, That's two outta three. Rock paper, scissors. Shoot. Memes up. One. Nothing. Rock paper, scissors. Shoot. Ty. Rock paper. Scissor. Shoot. Hank one, one. Rock, paper, scissors. Shoot. Ty Rock paper. Scissor Shoot. Ty rock paper, scissor. Shoot. Hank wins. Oh, ball, don't lie. Paper. That was a great podcasting, right?


Make it Rain. That was a good battle. TA wls. Alright, I With all three. Yeah. Memes. Do you, would you like to pick a number? Got it. Six. Yeah, all three. That's a good one. All right. Everyone else? Numbers 61, 11, 99 pop. 27, 21. Let's go Zach. I'll go 55. I'll go 42. Zach, what was yours? 55. 55.


Ooh. 15. Oh, Zach, that's mellow, isn't it? That's correct. Yeah. That's your favorite player of all time. That'd been nice to hit, but eh, shout to Mellow. Shout to. Okay. Shout to Jackpot. Shout to Melo. Great. Yeah, Yeah. Damnit, That happens. Love you guys. Thank.