
Hey. Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. It is Super Bowl week, And we have an awesome interview coming for the people. Andrew Luck. We've been looking to get this interview done for about seven years. He came into HQ actually Sunday morning and before we left for New Orleans. Really, really great interview. Awesome to talk to him. He autographed our a FC finalist banner. He did so very cool guy. I think everyone's gonna really enjoy it. Hot some people are saying hot.


We also called the emergency Brian Windhorse bat phone and got him on for 15 minutes to talk about the Luca trade to the Lakers, which shocked everyone. We're here in New Orleans. We're gonna talk a little Super Bowl. We have a Monday reading for the people all time capsule. It's time capsule. It's Monday time capsule. Monday time capsule. We do this every Monday before the Super Bowl. Yeah.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Getting on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdowns is key to hoisting the Vince Lombardi trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at DraftKings Sportsbook The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to the Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. New DraftKings customers can bet $5. Get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. And eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. I love guys who like football and guys who like football, who like me back and I like them back. And even guys that don't like football, they try to avoid me because I'm always trying to get them to like football, Football, football.


Welcome to part of my take. Presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet, bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. Sportsbook, the crown is yours.


Today is Monday, February 3rd and welcome to Max Week. Yeah, not Max, max. Max Max. It's like max, Max, max, max, max, max, max. Oh yeah. There's a little football game going on too. It's Like it's mega. Think about it. Instead of mega it's just Max. We're taking this show to the max this week. Yeah, it's max week. I don't know. I'm dialed, I'm dialed on the birds. I don't know. I I don't know what you guys are trying to, You're not wearing any Eagle clothing. You're wearing A dog. You're Wearing a dog on your shirt right now. He's wearing KC Rollback. Ruckle Rollback. Rollback. But the real story is Luca got traded to the Lakers. Oh, I thought you were gonna lead with Djuana Bonner signed with a fever. That too. Yeah. Big time stories everywhere. But yeah, Luca Doni Instant championship contenders that Is big time fever are actually building a bully.


Yeah. Hank doesn't know 'cause he's a misogynist. That's true. Pulse. Luca Doni traded to the Lakers late Saturday night. Shocked the NBA world traded for Anthony Davis. So the, the official trade, not listen, I'm not saying that it's Max Week, but the official trade was Luca Doni, maxi Cleaver Marquee Morris. And then the Mavericks received Anthony Davis, max Christie in 2029. LA first round pick two maxes in the trade. And now Luca can't get the Supermax And so he can't get the supermax. And then obviously the Jazz also got in there. 'cause Danny Angels sniffing a trade and was like, I want in they traded Jalen Hood Jino 2025 clippers second 2025.


Mavericks second. I don't even know how the jazz get into it, but it it, it's not hyper hyperbole to say this is probably the most shocking trade in NBA history. Just because Luca is 25 years old. He's one of the top five players in the NBA. He just took his team to the finals and he gets traded to the Lakers with no bidding whatsoever. There was a mystery team. A there's A mystery team, which I think was added just to make Nico, what's his name? Nico Hollins the, what's it, what is his Name? The Mavs gm. Yeah. What Called of Nico Collins. What's Called Nico Nico make him feel a little better. But it seems like they did this deal.


Nico Harrison guy who screwed up the Steph Curry to Nike deal. It, it's crazy because it feels like Luca could have gotten, the Mavs could have gotten way more for Luca and instead he goes to Lakers and now I don't even know what to, like it was a true, what the fuck trade. Well, let's, let's Shams actually had to say I'm not, I have not been hacked. Yeah. This is serious. Yeah. Let's kick it over to Magic Johnson who had a great reply to Okay. Summed it up nicely. Luca Dtic will definitely make the Lakers, the championship contending team. He'll take the pressure off LeBron because of his scoring ability and playmaking and will make every Laker better. LeBron James will be a positive influence on Luca teaching him his championship mentality.


That includes taking his conditioning seriously. I Actually do believe in that part. Like that. If what? That's magic calling Luca Fat. Well, I mean, Lu Luca's been called fat. I mean there was, there was a report that he's 270 pounds. I think it's discrimination against big boys that they're basically, they're trying to drag Luca through the mud being like, the guy's just so fat. He can't, we had to trade him when in reality you didn't have to trade him. It made no sense to trade him. I mean, mark Cuban even I know he's not the owner of the Mavs anymore, but remember a few years ago when he said like, if you made me decide between my wife and Luca, I'll see you at the divorce proceedings. Yeah. I mean, Luca, It's Crazy. Luca's, everything you want, if you're a fan, if you're a fan of the Dallas Mavericks, that sucks because Luca, he got you to an NBA finals last year.


Who cares if he's 270 pounds if he's scoring 40 points every game in the playoffs? You need a guy like that to get there. You need, as Big Cat said, you need a top five Player. He's one of the best players in The n in the NBA, the Celtics. We looked last year. They had, they had Brown. You. You gotta have a superstar. Yeah, You have to. I mean, this is, it's, it's shocking. I don't understand what the Mavericks were thinking. If you're a mass fan, I feel like so, so sad for you be because you get a guy like Luca and he's gonna be part of your life for 15 years and you're like, we're always gonna at least be competing. 'cause we have Luca Doni and then he gets traded 25 years old to the Lakers. I don't know how the Lakers keep getting away with it.


I also, is there any chance that Jerry Jones was involved in this? Because Luca was, you know, the, the Cowboys have been so bad. New coach Luca's, the star in Dallas, get him out of town. I don't know. But I, I recall a trade that didn't go through way back in the day. Chris Paul, you remember that trade? And David Stern was like, no, I'm not gonna allow this for the good of the league. It feels like this is obviously ad's a great player. He's very good defensively. He's like been all NBA first team defense. What, like seven times. He's a Hall of Fame player. He he's awesome. No, he's an in, he's a top 15 player. So this, this is not, I'm not saying that it's something where the commissioner should step in and be like, no, this trade can't happen.


But if this trade happens and there's nobody else offering anything for it, if you don't put it out for, for bid right across the league. Right. It seems like you're, maybe, maybe you owe something. Maybe you, you're in debt to the, the ownership of the Lakers. Maybe you need a favor from the Lakers at a later date. Hmm. And you're playing nice with 'em. Maybe The league needs the Lakers to be good and they're like, LeBron's getting old And we gotta put a superstar in Los Angeles because the, I mean that is the, the history of the Los Angeles Lakers is they just go from superstar to superstar. Yeah. I mean they magic. I mean, well before even Magic Kareem, wilt Chamberlain, magic, Kobe Sha, Kwame Brown, Kwame Brown, smush Parker, like all these guys.


Steve Blake. And now they go LeBron Anthony Davis to Luca. It's crazy. It's, it's Crazy. It is. So I was looking at the Lakers roster earlier today. You've got LeBron, you've got Luca, you've got Austin Reeves, you've got Dalton Connect. Why are Hank and Max making eyes together? Celtic Max are playing right now. So Sixers just blew at 20 point leads. Oh, National sports. Oh, minutes to go. Okay. Keep going. Let me, okay, so the roster, yeah. They were literally making like, fuck you eyes Even trying to telling, communicate, telling. I was trying to communicate the score of what is Going on. Got it. Okay. So I'm, I'm sorry.


Max is locked in on the birds Philly sports. Got it. You've got LeBron Luca, you've got Austin Reeves, Dalton Connect. How many balls are there in the NBA? How many balls? There's one on the court at any given time. Well, actually there's two Lonzo Mello. Yeah. When they're out there. Yeah. Yeah. But there's one, So the Lakers, I guess they're just gonna, you can score your way to maybe a playoff series win, but I don't know. I, I feel like it's a great move long term for the Lakers. I don't know if they're gonna be good this year, but the the, they'll be Good. I just don't know if they'll win titles to Be made. There's more Moose not gonna be the roster on Thursday. It doesn't matter for like, LeBron might not win another title. Luke is 25 and they just have him now.


Like they're gonna give him the max. He's gonna stay in la they're gonna build a whole team around him. The food is Healthier in LA too. Yeah. Yeah. He's gonna go to Wan and be like, what the fuck is this? He's gonna lose 10 pounds. Just looking at it, The conspiracies, when you see what other players, all star players, all pro players, the, you know what the teams that traded them got back in return compared to what the Mavs got for Luca. That's where the conspiracy really, really gets hot. 'cause it's like Kevin Durant, they got a million picks. Yeah. Paul George The Thunder got a million picks. I Mean, we're gonna talk to Wendy, but he, I mean like the Spurs have nine first round picks, I think. You don't think the Spurs would've given up nine first round picks for Luca? I mean he, yeah.


Yeah. You, what was K Kevin Durant was four first round picks and Mikhale bridges. And Luca is younger than that. And like, it just makes no sense. I don't understand it at all. You trade IL bridges for like three years, right? I, I don't understand any of this. I I, it, it was shocking. I feel like everyone's still in shock. The big loser in all of this is the Mavs fans. I actually think the Mavs might, I mean Anthony Davis, like, they'll, they'll be a good team, but it's the win. Anthony Davis is a very good player. He's 31 years old, Luca's 25. How Bad do you think it must feel for Anthony Davis where it's like, you're like, I'm a, I'm a NBA champion all pro like unbelievable player and everyone is just like, what a Terrible trade. Like this is one of those situations where it's like if you, if you like two people that that cheat on their significant others and then get together, it's like that relationship eventually is gonna end up with them cheating again.


Anthony Davis got traded to the Lakers when LeBron was like, we need help And we need to get everyone outta here. And then, I'm not saying LeBron said it this time, but that's how he got there. Dinner. He had no idea. He had no idea. No idea. He had no idea. He found out just like the rest of us. Yes. Now did you see the press conference that Jason Kidd did with Nico? No. That Was awkward. Well, it was also very awkward. The entire Mavs team sat out tonight. Yeah. They basically protested and they lost by a billion to the cats. It was very awkward. You had Nico sitting next to Jason Kid who looked like he was in a hostage tape and Jason Kidd didn't know about it until the trade happened either. And then Nico was like, yeah, you know, this might be one that we look back on. Maybe, you know, it could be the greatest thing that happened could be bad.


And Jason Kidd's just like, Jesus Christ. What is Did, did he like lose? Something happened. Something happened. Yeah. Something has to have happened because otherwise it makes no sense. And it's, it can't just be Lucas fat. And obviously we had the clip of Nico after they won the Western conference last year, taking the beer outta Luca's hand. Maybe that's where the riffs started. You never take a beer outta another man's hand, but something had to have happened. It can't just be Luca's 270 pounds, but Luca, he's not bad. Luca also twisted the knife. I feel really bad for Mav fans. But his statement where he was like, I love Dallas. I thought I was gonna be here for my whole career and win a championship. I'm sad it didn't happen like that. If you're a Mav fan and you read that like that They were doing, did you see the Mav fans with the casket? No. They had a casket outside of American Airlines arena.


They're just like, he, he died. I mean, I I I don't know how you, how do you get off the mat if you're a maths fan? You just went to the finals with Luca, like Yeah, he's a little pudgy. Yeah, he's a little outta shape. He's 25. I do think he's gonna get in really good shape with LeBron. That's Where it's like if you treat him, 'cause he is fat. It does. It's not that that's a fixable thing. Might but He's Also, well the thing is, it might not be, he's not fat. He might be a little pudgy. He Doesn't play defense. Yeah. Well he, he's not in the best shape that he could be in and that obviously you need him to be in better shape. But I think do think, I think he's in better Shape being around LeBron. He's in better shape than Zion. Well that was the thing is Zion's gotta be like, I want, I would imagine Zion was like watching this trade happen. He is like, wait, they can trade you 'cause you're fat.


Like this is gonna be Bad. That was James Harden's entire strategy. Yeah, right. It's true. Yeah. Yeah. But he was just like, oh, oh, I better, I better try to get in better shape. Oh No, I'll get traded to the Lakers. Yeah, right. What you guys already just said. What the score Is that I wasn't even looking. That Was Hank. You guys are not locked in. Max is not locked, Locked in. No, four Max is not locked in. Max also isn't wearing any bird's gear. I'm Why aren't you wearing any Eagle's gear? It's A long week. It's Super Bowl week. It's Sunday. It's Sunday. We saw a woman with bird Gear question, do you have enough Eagles gear to wear for eight days? Yes or No? With me? No. In life. In life. Yes. So why wouldn't you just, why would you just pack eight days worth of Eagles gear?


I'm Super Bowl week. I will wear Eagles gear every other, every other day. Like every other day. Meaning you wear tomorrow and then not Tuesday, then you'll already go on Wednesday. No, I'll wear Every day this week. Yes. Yes. If there's another Eagles fan that walks by you, they don't know to, they go Birds Incorrect. I think they look at Max and they know incorrect. I got They see his eye. Someone, Someone did it in the lobby today. Right? Right. When they, as they were giving me shit about not wearing Eagles gear and that no one was gonna say Go Birds. Some guy walked by right away said, go birds. Go Birds. I would be head to toe in commander's gear if we were in this game. Max head to toe. You, you basically Were. I've been thinking it. His clothes stolen. Come on. One point game. Yeah. One point game. It is, it's sad.


'cause I, I got here and I, I just looked at outside and I was like, how awesome would this week be if the commanders were in the game? I would like our chances if we were playing this game. I really would. Even After losing by a lot A million. No, because if we were in this Game, but what if they had just been like, you know what, you guys are going to the Super Bowl. Like if all the, if every Eagle got arrested Yeah. If they shut down the team, there's still time that can happen. Would you still like your chances? No. Okay. No. But if, if we had beaten the Eagle Would Yes, then I would've, I would've agreed. If We had won, would I would've gone? I would love our chances. I would like your chances as well. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. So anything else on Luca? I just, it's baffling again, the Mavs. I, I need to, I need, I need Cuban unfiltered. That's what I really, I don't know that I, I'm sure it'll release some type of statement, but I would love for him to just, And people were blaming Cuban, which I like.


Obviously he had nothing to do with it, but he did have something to do with it because he sold the team. And Mark Cuban never in a million years would've traded Luca because he understands the NBA. And when you have a top five guy, you don't trade him when he is 25. That's, and that's all like Windhorse and all the other, you know, guys on tv, the insiders are like, I've never gotten reached out by this many GMs and you know, people within the league being like, this makes no sense. That's what none of it makes sense to anyone except for Nico. That's, There's gotta be some stuff that we have That That is very weird. Yeah. Why? I feel like we're gonna see The Athletic is gonna write a postmortem on this trade. Oh, they're a trash loop in like two months. Yeah. That's when you're gonna get the real one. Yeah. Where it's like, here's exactly everything. We'll, probably here's something later on this week, but I don't think we're gonna know the full story for a while.


And I don't think that this is done, but did a credit to the NBA it's Super Bowl week. Yep. And all it took was the most bizarre trade of all time. Yeah. To get us to talk about the League. They are gonna trash Luca this week. There's gonna be a lot of like, I even saw somebody like, well they don't know his injury might be take em longer to get back. He who cares. Yeah. It's what he could've, he could've been out for this entire year. He still don't trademark. Oh. Oh. They were worried about giving him the supermax. Who cares? It's crazy. One 4th of July. Kevin Durant Warriors was like the last Time. Yeah. Yeah. Where I was shocked. And, and that was, you know how shocking it is when you saw actual players like Kevin Durant being shown on the sideline and him being like, what, how is this, I just don't understand the part that I can't get over.


Like, take out the fact that it's shocking. Luca got traded. Like the Mavs, I, they'll be good, but only for a couple more. YI, who knows what's gonna happen with the Mavs. Everyone wants Luca. Why didn't you just say, Hey Luca's available every team would've lined up to give everything for Luca. That that's the part that makes you raise do the win horse fingers. Right? It's like, why, why this guy? And then why don't you give every other team an opportunity to bring their best and final offer and then you get a fucking King's ransom. Because Luca even said he had no idea about this, which I, again, you're, you're right. Like we're gonna find out more in a couple months. But the only way that it would this trade would make sense is if Luca said to them, Hey, I'm never signing the Supermax here.


All I wanna do is go to the Lakers and then he has to do whatever he can to get him to the Lakers. But I don't think that, but still, even then your, your GM just, you, you have all, you have the leverage. Go fucking trade him somewhere Else. I don't think that would happen. What, what player would be like, I don't want to sign the Supermax players signed with shitty teams for Supermaxes all the time. Yeah. That's how Bradley Beal ended up in Phoenix. But the thing is with the gm in his statement that he put out afterwards, he said like, this is us getting ahead of what could be a t tumultuous summer as we decide whether or not to give him the supermax, he basically didn't want to have to make a hard decision. It's not a hard decision. So he trades on It's not A hard Decision. Yeah. Like, I don't know. Sign him the supermax, put 'em on Ozempic.


That's an easy decision. I I don't get it. I, none of this makes sense to me. I'll, I'll be baffled forever for this trade unless something crazy comes out and it's like Luca actually is gonna retire and move back to, to Europe. What about The International League? What about it? Well, Matt, What if, I don't Know. It's all they have Supermaxes. I, I, I float. We have a supermax at Home. I have floated this on the plane. I don't know if that's what Max is bringing up. That that, that they're starting New internet. There's a lot of shit is loaded out on the plane. By the way, This Might not be meant, It went full conspiracy theories on us. It might not be meant for the podcast, but since Max brought it up, I was like, oh, what if LeBron, what if he, when he starts his international league, he j he gets the Saudi oil money in.


That's, and Luca knows that he's gonna be able to get paid 500 million. Was this Before or after the Hank said that we have like five years Max left to live The, maybe that's why Nico sacred anymore. Maybe. Maybe Max. Maybe Nico is on under the line of thinking of, of Hank where it's like, we're Just joking around Luca. We only have a five year window on life. I'm just trying to like the world kill time. Luca being 25 means nothing. He's like, have you noticed that we don't talk about the bridge in Baltimore anymore. Something's up The dolphins. By the End of it, I had Hank Dolphins. There's an underwater volcano that's gonna go off and no one cares about it. Whatever. I think Hank fully Believes we, this is not podcast that We're living in simulation right now. This is not podcast discussion. I, you brought up the simulation.


I know I got you deep into the simulation. I didn't Even know about the simulation until you brought it up. But now You think you're living in one. No, But you think you're living in one and you trying to indoctrinate me and I Oh wow. I'm Confused. You're too real. Yeah, I'm You are. You keep It too real. I was just trying to like have some light convo with the boys. Like about we're all gonna die. Yeah. Oh, while we're on the plane. Let's talk about some plane acts. Yeah. Memes has been like, oh yeah. Some British TikTok or predicted that there'd be a plane crash of, of social media company. So that was yeah, social, social media. Couple. A couple. Couple. Yeah. A couple We're a couple. I'm just gonna enjoy kiss With you guys. That's All. So the International basketball league, that could be a thing worldwide. Wa said, I will say this. Something I've been made privy to this morning.


Ooh. Oh, the timing of the International Basketball League is not a coincidence. Oh Was I Right. Wow. Worldwide Wob source question, answer, Score. Oh, I was looking at, I was looking at Twitter. It answer. Yeah. It's over Salt zero five. Let's go. Minute, minute, minute 12 left. Stay Locked in on The birds. Yeah. Who cares? I want, I want the Sixers to tank Anyway. Other sports? Well there was, there Was one other person that weighed in on this, on this trade. Shafter. Oh, Adam Scheffer. And I think we have to discuss this with him at the combine, but he tweeted out an NFL equivalent. The Ravens trading Lamar Jackson plus to the Bengals in exchange for Joe Burrow Plus, No, not even close.


You don't, you don't agree with that. First of all, I don't know. Ages are different. I told him that Lamar Jackson and Joe Burrow plus who, who, who is who in This situation? That sounds like a streaming service. Yeah. That like he's exchanging two different No the but in that there's no, there's no adsd. The one that I saw that made sense for the NFL would be like after the Bengals went to the Super Bowl 'cause they lost in the Super Bowl. Like ma like the Mavs lost in the finals. It'd be like training Joe Burrow for like Dak Prescott. He'd be like, why? Why would you do that Pitch if Dak had won anything? Yeah, I guess if Dak had won, well be like Matt champion be the bubble champion. Be Matt Stafford. Matt Stafford. But yeah, the bubble champ. Yeah. Matt Stafford would be a good Matt staff. But yeah, like trading Joe Brown now in his prime right.


Before like to someone who's also good, but I guess, yeah Matt Safford more. 'cause Dak is 17th ranked quarterback someone who's older and it's like, why would you do that? That makes no sense. But nice try Shafter. But I like him getting involved. Yeah. And then everybody else was just putting trades in in NFL terms all day. Do you Think Woes would've known about this? I think woes. Is This a woe vacuum where we, we were surprised because woe isn't with us. Here's What I like to imagine happened. I like to imagine that Woe got the scoop. Yeah. And he had it first He knew it for a Week and he looked at his phone and there was a moment where he thought to himself, I'm about to go back to the old me. Yeah. And then he smiled and he goes, Nope, I left that life behind a long time ago.


And put the phone away. Yeah. And just didn't log on for about 12 hours. He Sees Beerman in the St. Bonnie's student section. He is like, no, this is the life I live now. Yeah. I'm here with my people. Yeah. Yeah. He went clean. I would like to think he knew he should have, he should have just tweeted being like, I knew about this. Yeah. Just to piss everyone off. Just eyeballs. Yeah. It was waiting for this to Come out. Crazy story. Yeah. Well just, oh yeah, that's right. They told me about this two months ago. Just give us, give us the eyeballs next time. You know something you don't have to break it. Yeah. He could do that for every single one. Alright. Other national sports podcast news. Coach Cal going back to Kentucky. Dropped his nuts on, on, on Kentucky. That sucked for Kentucky fans. I also, did you guys see there was like multiple people being like, don't boo him.


Yeah. There. That was a big conversation up there. You don't fucking boo. Yeah. Boom, boom. He wanted to leave. Boom. You could Celebrate him when time has passed and he's not coaching the SEC anymore. There'll be a night where you can have Cal come back and celebrate the 2012 team and all that shit. You boom. Him when he comes back right now. Yeah. Agreed. I He's a league rival. Yeah, Exactly. Boom. Boo the fuck out of him. Chip Kelly's back in the NFL. Yeah. Raiders Love that. I Is he just gonna bounce around? I kinda like this. Yeah, I think so. I don't know if one place can tie chip down. Yeah. But yeah, he had a great season at Ohio. His stock was at a high. It was at a premium. It was. And so Pete Carroll, chip Kelly. I do. I like what they're building in Las Vegas.


I think I might. Yeah. Oh, I forgot this one. Stat hole sports. Our guy, he did mention that Luca was 300 points away from breaking the all time Mavs record for points scored, which is held by Michael Finley. Michael Finley is part of the front office. Oh, interesting. So maybe Michael Finley was like, can't lose this stat. What? Breaking moose. Breaking moose. Luke was actually 300 pounds. Sacramento is finalizing a trade to send De Aaron Fox to the San Antonio Spurs in a multi-team trade that moves Chicago Bulls. Zach Levine to the Kings Success. Alright. They did it. All right.


So Darren Fox. Fox to the Spurs. Darren Fox on the Bulls would be fun. Oh, that's no, we wanna lose. I feel like that's a great trade For the Spurs. You and I losing off Darren Fox. Where did the, where do the Spurs give up? Terms are not out Yet. Okay. So it must be somebody really good. No, that's, that's great. That's great for the Spurs. I wanna see wimpy in some actual serious like playoff time this year. Wait, so what is it? What else is in the trade? Do you hear Fox, the Spurs. So what do the Bulls get? They even get a pick Big Cat suite right now is finally let's lose some games. No, it's the Bulls actually. Did it lose get picks?


Lose some more. More picks. That's the, I mean they, they're they shouldn't, they're tired of being the 10 seat. Yeah. And losing the playing game. Bulls need to get mellow. Meow Ball. You want, you want the balls together be it'd be and drafts solo ball. The Balls in Chicago would be would be Electric. Yeah. The Chicago Balls. Chicago Ball. Glen Glen's their coach. Oh, alright. So, alright. That was good. Breaking moves. So it doesn't hit like the Luca Trade though. No, Nothing's gonna hit like the Luca trade. That wasn't where like that was, I was, I was in bed. Everyone, everyone remembers where they were. I was, I was also in Bed. I was in bed and, and then I didn't sleep for like an hour and a half.


Like I was, I was ready to go to sleep. One last check. And then I was like, there's, there's no way this is happening. And then I just couldn't Sleep. I was sleeping. I was taught, I was so exhausted from the Taylor Mathis versus Jeff Nadu spaces that I had to go to bed. I was sleeping in Stephen Chase Tweet broke in the news to me. What was Steven Chase tweet again? It was so fucking dumb. And that's how I found out was so pissed. Think It was a, a baby that was conceived during the Maverick Celtics finals would not yet be born and Luca is no longer on the Mavericks. What a stupid fucking tweet. I read it like four times. I was like, what does this mean? And then I finally read the quote tweet underneath and I was like, holy shit. It just means Less than what just happened. Less than nine months happened.


Yeah. Alright. Should we do Who's back the week? Who's back the week? And it is a new sponsor Alert. Hit big one. Hit it. Hit it. Hit big one. Hit the new sponsor alert sound. Get it. Be.


It's truly unruly. Truly unruly is the first high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. Truly unruly is a hard seltzer that breaks all the rules. Drinks light party's hard with 8% A BV. It hits hard but still tastes amazing. Comes in four fresh flavors. Tropical twist, berry blast, citrus Crush, strawberry Smash. It's the official hard seltzer of, Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly at a store near you. Or visit www do truly hard seltzer.com. Thank you to the people that truly they love. Pardon My Take. We love them. We got some awesome stuff coming. We're gonna get unruly. Truly unruly. Go check it out now. Like I said, four fresh flavors, tropical twist, berry blast, citrus crush, strawberry smash. And with 8% a BV, it's, it hits hard but still tastes amazing. Find truly unruly at a store near you. Or visit www.trulyhardseltzer.com. We've got a lot of stuff coming with truly, so thank you. Truly loves us. So let's love them back all awls. Let's get, let's get unruly. Let's truly unruly time. So thank you to truly all who's back of the week. Fantastic. Fantastic drinks for the golf course. Let's go. Yeah. Yes. Especially the Berry blast. My favorite, we We to work golf into it.


And my who's back week is Roy McElroy. Oh. Oh yeah. He's smashing. Nice. What Did he do? He won the at and t ProAm at Pell Beach. Okay. I saw 27th went on tour. He Nuked to drive like 340 yards and then hit a seven iron 220. Yeah. Easy, easy, easy eagle. If I had that distance, it'd be so good. The bull's got no picks. All right. Alright. But Kevin Hurter though. Kevin Hurter Red hair And we He's a friend of ours. Yeah. Fuck Yeah. Hurt or Injured. So they, I knew they were, They, they just, I didn't, they just got rid of Levine. They weren't gonna get picks. I, I think we said this with Illa, like they're not, they weren't gonna get picks So they just offloaded Levine basically.


Yeah. So, but they're gonna get picks when they keep their pick by not finishing in the playing game. They're getting worse. I'm updating my treat. Okay. No picks now, but picks coming I think. Okay. No picks. You gotta get worse before You get picks. No picks now you gotta get real bad. But picks when they lose. Do you guys have caps Can keep their picks? Well yeah, because Zach Levine was taking up a lot. Picks when they lose. That's the plan. Balls. Chicago Balls Picks in the future. Maybe picks in the future. Parentheses maybe. Okay. Rory McElroy Golf doesn't start till the Masters.


What are we doing? But this is a tuneup for the masters. This might be his year. This is the master's tuneup. Oh, his year. To what? Blow it and finish second. No. Yeah, that is the year. He might, he might turn around. You think so? Kind of after, after this weekend. I like Jake Knapp. He's great swing. Little Long shot little, A little younger, but yeah. Yeah. 20,000 to one. Okay. I like Max Hoa. Same. I do too. It's Max week. It's max week. Week. It's super Max week. Super Max Week. Birds week. Yeah. Birds week. Max week. Okay. P ft. Your who's truly Is really good. Do people call 'em truly Edelmans? Ooh. I think on my shirt. Crack pass. Me one of those. Truly Edelmans. I like That. I Like that. I feel like that's got legs.


Yeah. My who's back the week is Six Nations. Rugby. Rugby is Bad. Oh no. You guys are just so on brand right now. Listen, if you can't get up for Six Nations rugby, there's something wrong with you. Check your ticker. It's great. Wait, you don't like Six Nations Rugby? Hey. Oh, what, what was this? I forget what day it was. It Thursday. We're in the cave. Or maybe Friday. Friday and Saturday morning. Hey William, can you turn on some Six Nations? And he was just like, what? Yeah, well he, he's gonna start watching. It's incredible. England, Ireland had a great match on Saturday morning. It's a perfect thing to watch on Saturday morning when there's nothing else. If you don't wanna watch soccer Sevens. No, no. It's full fifteens. Oh yeah. So it's 80 Minute Games.


Actual starting national teams for all these countries and they just beat the fuck out of each other. It's incredible to watch. Are Are we in it? No, we're not One of the Six Nations. Oh. It's like the Four ACEs. I probably couldn't name all of them. Italy, Wales, England. That's like One Nation. Ireland. No, these are the Six Nations. One Nation, France. And then who's, who's the Six Nation Australia. All Blacks. I was watching some Jordan Milot. I think Six Nations. The Highlights. He it What? He's a problem. He was a issue on the pitch is what they call it. The pitch. Yeah, the pitch focus On football though. I'm pretty, I mean, Jordan, mil, Scotland on Jordan. Milot, Scotland, six Nations, Scotland.


So we're gonna win. We're not gonna lose, we're Gonna finish second leg. Rory. No, we're not in it. The us. Oh, okay. Yeah. So we're not gonna lose. We're not gonna lose. That's a guaranteed. All right. My who's back of the week is Kanye West. The Grammys were tonight. He had his wife fully naked. Hot. Not fully, I guess she had a shear. A shear. She was wearing a shear. Also. Wasn't invited. Wasn't invited. Hot. Oh really? No. Yeah. That's, saw he say got kicked out on his wife. Seems like on a court of him not being invited. Not the nakedness. Yeah. So I assume when you read the tweet it's like, oh he is getting removed from the Grammys because of nakedness. I was like, no. Yeah, because I also think my rule, my general rule is if you're not invited somewhere, don't show up naked to that Place.


Yeah. But I also trying To blend in. Think There should be a rule. If you're as hot as his wife, you should be allowed to be naked. And it's not a problem. He also, like hot people should be let, let hot people should be able to get naked. He Kind of got cocked by Luca trade too. 'cause he was doing his like once a year random like Twitter popping where he just, that was where he just tweets a million things. Yeah. So, and that probably would've been what people were talking about this morning. Like, oh, did you see Kanye as crazy tweets? And Nope. So he tweeted, he tweeted, Kamala seems like a very nice human. I just wanna say sorry to her kids. And I was like, oh that's weird. And then I didn't realize that he had, it was because he had just deleted a tweet that said I used to wanna fuck Kamala until she lost. I don't fuck Losers anymore.


And he spelled losers with two O's. I also like how he said any more that like he Yeah, he used to recently was fucking loser. Yeah. You like Kim Kardashian. She's a loser. And then also my who's back is the Royal Rumble. So it happened, Jay uso won very popular with fans, but huge surprise he, he won Roman reins and Seth Rollins were both eliminated by CM Punk. I'm just reading Brandon's text to me. Speed punk was eliminated by Logan Paul Speed Took that hit Stream. Yes. I show speed was speared by Broun breaker. Broun is Rick Steiner's son. Cody beat Kevin Owens in a ladder match. Was it Johnson? His last match ever. What? Huh? I I thought I thought I saw that.


No, he's on a retirement year. It the last, it was his last Rumble was his last rumble. He's last Rumble. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, that, that happened. I mean the spear was awesome. It was, I, I show speed like needs. That was legit. He took a big time. Bump Max suer, who's back of the week. Oh I normally don't do ball. He's back of the week. Arsenal. Arsenal. So I was, was excited about an arsenal. Do you know what happened when they beat Man City? Five one? Yep. I was gonna say four one. Quite a Result. Might Have been four one. Quite a result. Quite a result for the, for the footy. Huge result. Bad result for Man U today.


Bad result for the last, yeah. Are They getting Relegated? No, but they're like getting towards the bottom of the league. It'd just be very funny if Man U got relegated. That would be awesome. That'll be the funniest result. I'm root for that. Yeah, That would be very Me as a, as a fan of the footy. Yeah. Rooting for that. Max, you're outta your walking boot. Yeah, but it'll be back on during the Super Bowl. Oh, okay. I have it with me. Brought, If anyone missed Max's performance in the case race, go watch it. 'cause he was laying the boom. I Was drunk. You have some Bumps laying the boom. I was Drunk. That was not a Coke reference. That was like an actual wrestling reference. The Boom. Yeah. Did you have any athletes reach out to you? Colin Gillespie? Yeah. Nice. Nice. That Was awesome.


That's huge. No. Any others? Colin? Colin Gillespie. Oh, I was thinking Colin Gillespie. Colin Gil. Yeah. That it's Weird that there's two guys. Colin Gillespie. Yeah. Denova legend. And What'd he say? Animal exclamation point. Exclamation Point. Oh nice. Nice. Okay, let's get to our interview with Andrew Luck. Then we're gonna talk to Brian Windhorst. Then we have a very special Monday reading And we're also gonna get a prediction from Max on the Super Bowl score, which we're gonna do every single show this week.


Before we get to Andrew Luck, he's brought to you by Mountain Dew. You can add a blast or refreshing tropical lime flavor to your game day with Mountain Dew. Baja Blast Mountain Dew. Baja Blast. It's always been part of my game day ritual. You hear that sound? That's the sound of a mountain. Big catch. Just opened up a mountain into the mic. Hank crank one. Crank a dew. That is The best. The boys are cranking do's. Oh my gosh. I like cranking a dew. Right at halftime gives you energy for the second half. Put your fours up when the fourth quarter hits. Mm. Mountain Dew is the absolute best. And the tropical lime flavor of Mountain Dew Baja Blast is as refreshing as hitting a game winning kick. It says refreshing as your team winning in the playoffs. It says refreshing as the Super Bowl. Can't wait. Big game this week we're down in Nola and we're drinking some Mountain Dew Baja Blast Ride the Baja Wave on game day. Grab Mountain Dew. Baja Blast for you and your crew. Wherever refreshing beverages are sold.


And now here's Andrew Luck. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very, very special guest. This is a long time coming. It is Andrew Luck In Studio. It is So long time coming. Andrew, I don't even know if you'd realize this, but your, your good friend and our good friend Sam Schwartzstein is here. He is been working on it for probably six or seven years. But there was a moment where this podcast was going to read a book just to try to get you on this show. Do you know how hard that is for us to read a book And we were willing to do it to try to get into your book club to have you come be a guest. So we've been waiting a long time for this.


That's amazing to know. I do think you can do it. I don't know. I know, I know. You can. We try. I believe It you guys, but that's like, just to put it in perspective, the, our our listeners, we've been doing this for nine years, are are nodding along being like, holy shit. That's like when they're like, oh, do you pay for guests? No, we don't pay for guests. But we did almost read a book for Andrew Lucke, which is Yeah, we tried to read the book. We, we bought Boys in the Boat. I think that was book one of, of your book club. And we got through like the first page And we were like, this isn't for us. Then we had Blake Bortles on the Show. Yeah. We a friend of ours. And so we said, you know what, instead of doing a book club, let's just do the Blake Bortles Wikipedia Club. Yeah. Okay. Where every time he's on the show, he'll pick a different topic. We'll all read that Wikipedia page and then we'll discuss.


Yeah. Did did It lead to Substative discussion about new topics and Yeah, There were, yeah. Were a couple new topics. I'm Trying to remember what we Over, I mean the big one was that Blake learned that snow is wet. He, he had not realized it being from Florida from Do Oh man. We, well, alright, let's, you know, let's start there because I have a million questions. But when you see introductory press conference from a coach knowing that you've lived it, are you like, should we as stupid fans judge this? Or is it like this is all just the same shit? Well, you have to Coen doing the du Vault. I did not. Oh, you didn't? You just had That quote. I, I don't have heavy internet presence or access. Honestly. Everybody needs a friend like Sam for Yeah. For many, many reasons.


Including, I know about you guys 'cause he will send me text messages back in the day of Big Cat soccer takes Yeah. They were bad. So that's how I know about you. Yeah. They were always bad. No, they were great. I mean, we, we do think, Yeah, you gotta gimme Context. Yeah. Yeah. We'll, we'll, we'll, we'll skip that. I, the phone thing. Do you still have a flip phone? No. When my daughter was born, I realized I needed pictures. Yes. Like there was a deep primal need to take pictures of my daughter and share pictures of my daughter and now daughter. That's fair. And receive pictures of my daughter. How long did you, I mean, that flip phone thing that was real, you were just like, I don't want to be attached to the internet. I don't want to have people be able to text me all the time and call me all the time. I want a flip phone. Yeah. I, it it was real. I'll, I'll be honest, I don't think I thought too much about it.


I hadn't in high school and I, I did not feel the need to upgrade per se. And I still am happy I didn't upgrade until when I upgraded. Yeah. And there's still a massive part of me that wants to go back. Yeah. But having a real job and like, like look at me now. I got two phones, baby. Two iPhones. Wow. Oh, two computers. Oh, So you're texting like nonstop now? I'm trying not to. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But what do you got two. It's like, yeah, you are on call with your real job. You are the GM of Stanford. Yeah. Is that fair to say? Is that the official title? Oh, It's absolutely fair To, yeah. So how is that, what is your day-to-day like? Day-to-day is is a lot. We, we hopped in during the transfer portal. And when I say we, I I, I mean the, as assistant GM as well also named Sam different Sam and that Sam also Stanford got a great guy.


But we hopped in during the transfer portal and the day to day during a transfer portal was a lot different than the day-to-day now of like, okay, the roster. There's some, there's some solidity around it. We obviously prepare for another portal in April, but, but different focus now feels a little bit like a nine to five job. Not, not like, oh my gosh, I've gotta call this parent up of a 20-year-old wide receiver from university X, Y, Z and, and discuss many things about why, why Stanford makes sense for him. So it's been a lot, it's been like drinking from a fires in many ways. But I love the school, love the university and we're, we're on the right path.


Were you watching tape of some of the transport paths? You know what I, the system that, that we had, I, I inserted myself of watching the quarterbacks. Yeah. Because I felt like that's, yeah. Like I had to like I played quarterback. Right. You know, obviously that that is where my expertise is and I'd watch a little bit else. But, but no, I I trust our, our folks, our guys and gals to, you know, go through the process and make sure we're, we're getting out there with, with, with kids that, that can play, play ball and, and handle the academic regularly. Yeah. So let's just say me and Big Cat are five star recruits, both play quarterback. Yeah. What's your pitch to us? 'cause we're also getting offers from Miami, LSU, Ohio State, James Madison, all the big dogs.


University of Texas, Wisconsin. And then you want Stanford. Yeah. To be in that you want, you want us to be Stanford football Players. All right. There's a couple things. One, John Elway, Jim Plunkett, myself, Kevin Hogan, incredible history. Our head coach quarterback, when I was a, when I went to Stanford head coach was a quarterback. Jim Harbaugh your guys' best friend, right? I understand, Right? Yes. Awesome. Two, we are competitive in the NIL world. Alright. And the Stanford decision both is NIL here and now. And then I think in many ways, og NIL of like, you're gonna be connected to the best network in the world in whatever industry you want to. You want to go in And we, this place produces a leaders at a scale that no other place in the world does.


I mean, Stanford is special in that way and you're gonna have a long NFL career. You're gonna crush it in college, you're gonna go to bowl games, gonna do all that, all that fun stuff. And then at some point, you know, you're gonna have to transition to be a podcast host and a, you know, running a multi-billion dollar media conglomerate and you're gonna wanna know Stanford people to help you get there. Okay. Question. That was a really good speech and, and we're very interested in Stanford. If we attend Stanford, will we have to read a book? Yeah, baby. Okay. Alright. So We're out. Absolutely. We're out now. My conditions, I just want, I want to have a phone call with Tiger Woods. Oh. Can you make that happen? Absolutely. Oh, okay. That's good. Call call Tiger. Tiger was an honorary captain for us twice while I played.


I think he's been honorary captain a few times. There's a, there's a great story. We lost both of those games though, so I got like a bone to pick with Tiger about that. Yeah. But it's a great story about Tiger that David Shaw old Earl Hood coach used to say. And he was our coordinator when I was, when I, earlier in my career at Stanford where David played for Stanford. So they got back at like two or 3:00 AM af from like Corvallis or you know, somewhere played a game in the weekend and it was raining and it, it doesn't off rain at up in Palo Alto and on campus, although it is rainy today, I think when they get back it's like two or 3:00 AM they're riding their bikes back to the dorms and there's a guy standing in like the grass in the courtyard between the dormitories, like with, with some type of club, like whacking the ground.


And people are like, who is that? What, what's going on? So Coach Shaw walks over and it's like, tiger, what are you doing? He's like, it, it, it doesn't rain enough here. I need to practice in the rain. That's perfect. I love that. Committed to it. Did you, when, when David Shaw was your head coach, were you ever like, Hey, maybe we don't punt every time? No. Okay. All right. That's just a gambling thing where I, he's, he has punted in like, I think probably in the, on the like plus 35. I think I've seen him punt before. He likes to punt. I he's not punted on the plus thing. I believe so. Against Northwestern. I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure I could find him punting. Okay. The internet will tell us. All right. I'll find, I'm gonna find it.


I'm gonna find it. David Shah's worst Punts. Yeah. I mean I have a, he liked to punt. He liked to punt. There was times when he liked to punt. Alright, so how, how are you feeling physically? Are you or do you feel, are you still having any nagging injuries or you feel good? I feel great. I'm, I am grateful for where my body's at. I can do the thi I can ski with my kids and ski with my dad and ski with my friends. I can go surf, I can fly fish, I can hike, I can camp, I can, I can try to play old man pick up basketball. Awesome. That's hard. Like you gotta be in shape. Yeah. And I'm not in shape enough to do that. Or you just find somebody that's equally in bad shape and you say, Hey, let's just not run. I'll defend you, you defend me. We're not gonna set any picks. We'll hang out at three point line.


Yeah, that's A good way to, but you don't often get to just do that though. Yeah. You know, sometimes you actually have to play defense and box out. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. I don't like that every time I play basketball, if I just get through it without an injury, I'm like, that's a good day. It's a win. Yeah. That's a great day. Playing basketball. Yeah. That's a big win. And it's fun to play pickup hoops like it. Yeah. Genuinely fun. Yeah, It's good to just get a sweat going that as well and get a sweat going, not get injured. That's a successful workout for me. Your coach at, at Stanford? Jim Harbaugh, great friend of ours. We all know he's a little, he's a special guy. He's a very different guy. When was the first time that you realized that hey, Jim Harbaugh is wired a little bit differently from everybody else? That's a good question.


Good Question. Thank you. Great question. Great question. Thank you. Yeah. Fantastic question. He, he, he certainly has a charisma and an energy that comes off of him that, that is authentic. And it's part of what I think drew a lot of us recruiting wise to Stanford at that moment. You know, that he was hired after a one in 11 season and, and some down years. And so to go there around that time, I think you, you took a leap of faith. I certainly took a leap of faith, but I, I think, I think the 17-year-old Andrew myself realized that he was gonna get the most outta me as a quarterback like that it was gonna be hard and challenging.


But that's, I think what what I wanted. And I think what a lot of, a lot of the guys who went to Stanford wanted was to be pushed and to get, you know, to become the best version of football player they could be under him. I'm trying to think of specific moments. I do remember sitting in his office with my father, like my dad took me for spring break out to, out to the West coast to like do like unofficial visits or whatever, and then go ski in Tahoe, which was an awesome father son trip and go to a San Jose Earthquakes game, which was super fun too. I remember sitting in his office and, And we were sitting there during construction and Jim was like, ah, don't mind, don't mind the construction. They're building me a bathroom. We're Gonna, we're trimming fat, we're cutting drag. Really efficient. I thought, yeah, this guy's thinking about efficiency on football.


So you have his own bathroom and his bathroom's a little bit controversial. I think there's a great Pete Carroll quote about it where he is like, well, we at USC walk down the hall like everybody else to The rivalry rocks. That's Wasted energy. Yeah. Yep. Cut, cut and drag trimming the fat and, and, and that, that, that was how the experience for playing him was like, I mean, you were kept on your toes. There was a lot of energy. You were pushed, like pushed hard. It was challenging. You know, football's not an easy game. It's not easy to be a good team. It's not easy to develop, you know, players and, and he certainly pushed us and challenged us for sure. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, he is a, a great coach and you see it even with the Chargers this year, they, they're in a rebuilding year and they went to the playoffs in his culture.


You just see it in the post game and how much everyone buys in was that immediate when you got to Stanford and you're like, okay, this is like, everyone's bought into what he's selling and you can feel it in the locker room and you can feel it in training. Cam, That's a, that's a good question, I think. Thank You. I'm gonna stop saying good question. Yeah. We're gonna do that. Is This a bit, is this a bit Every single time, like a bit, No Matter what we ask, when You say Good question, then we all compliment the question. Yeah. But it's a very effective technique in, in terms of like, if you get asked a question, then you say Good question. It gives you like five seconds Yeah. To think about what your answer's gonna Be like and then we just compliment each other. Yeah. I'm Hedging for time. Yeah, yeah, sure. I forgot the question. Yeah, It was such a good Question. Can you ask that good question again?


It was such a good question. Like in terms of culture, when you Oh yeah. When you get, when you get to Stanford and you're watching how he deals with the team and how he coaches the team, was it immediate where you're like, okay, this is the, I made the right choice and what he's doing and what he's building here is gonna be special. Yeah. I didn't doubt that for a second. And the staff was awesome. I coach Shaw, Willie Taggart. I mean, like we, we were around an amazing staff, our strength coach Shannon Turley. But I also think, like, as an 18-year-old I, part of me, I think once you get there you're just like, I just wanna do everything right and, and be a good teammate and be a player. And, and you don't, I I wasn't thinking too big picture right about it. And I certainly didn't go in like, I decided to go to Stanford, so why would I go in and doubt what this was all about?


Right. So I don't think I was thinking too, too, too much sort of at the meta level about it. And then we, I think the proof does have to be in the pudding on things, right? Like, And we, I think when I, while we redshirted my freshman year, we won more games in the previous year. So you can point to that as proof of progress and then, and then I think we, we understood that this was gonna work and it, and it sort of did. And also like, I gotta play around there. I some really incredible football players. Like last, last night we had, had, Sam and I had dinner with Jim Dre, the tight ends coach for the Chicago Bears. He was one of the older guys in the locker room get, when we came there. He was an incredibly tough dude.


Yeah. Like he tore everything in his knee on punt before we got there and walked himself unaided across the field, you know, to, to get off. Right. Right. And then comes back and he is a second. He was, I think he ended his career at Stanford, a second team all conference Pac, PAC 10 at the time. RIP with 17 catches. Right. Like what Tight end gets a second team all conference. Right. But he was tough. He blocked, he did everything right. So we played with a bunch of good players and had a lot of fun and bought in. Yeah. Did They call in the big guns when they were recruiting you and they, did they have Stanford? Steve give you a call? No, no, I didn't talk to Stanford, Steve till I made it. Okay. Yeah. Then he gave me the time of day. Yeah. Then he was like, alright, I can Steve, by the way, fourth and five from the Northwestern 37.


Okay. Punt is that plus 35? I'm just saying punt. It's plus 30, plus 37, 7. I mean, that's a pun. That's a crazy punt with Christian McCaffrey ten three game, second half, fourth and five on the Northwestern 37. It's a, I remember these things. That is, that is impressive. It's, I'm, I, it's, he is a winningest coach all time at Stanford football. It doesn't matter. Two rows for me. It's like I'll just, if I, if I ever meet him, I'm just gonna be like, why'd you punt on, on the 37 and 2015 against Northwestern? That game was here. Yeah, It was. And it was, I I just, I, I'm pretty sure I bet Stanford. 'cause I was like, oh, there's no chance that, you know, Northwestern's gonna beat Stanford. And then he punted on the 37 and I was mad for life.


I'm so uncomfortable. You talk about betting on Stanford in this seat right now. This, You guys were good. No more. What about the, what about the bowl game against Oklahoma State? When you guys did you guys, you ran the same run play. Was it 13 times in a row? Was that the, was that it? No, not in the bowl game versus Oklahoma State. Oh, who was it? I need to check the archives with, With Sam. What? Sam just said that it was against sc USC. Sam just said that you punted what, 30 We only punted 34 times. You only punted 34 times when you were the quarterback. Okay. Well you were a little different than Yeah. The, I mean, you, you don't have to have your teams punt that much. So, alright, so the A a punt can be an incredibly effective player from The 37. Like, I got to play with Pat and Indy and he had an all pro year as a punter.


And it like when you're pining guys on in the 10, in the five, Oh, this was a touchback by the way. That's it's a 17 yard punt. Yeah. So, So there you go. Next, next topic. Walked Right into that one. I do love the fact that you enjoy a good punt. Jim Tressel. He, he, He taught us the punt. Yeah. He's In A good sweater vest too. Yeah. Yeah. He's the, the biggest fan. It's the only playing football where it changes possession. Yeah. Like designed. Yeah. By design. Yeah, by design. By design. So what was the hardest thing that you had to do at Sanford? You said that it was like you wanted to challenge yourself, you get there Yeah. And you're like, oh, this is, this is really hard. Playing competitive college football. What was the hardest thing that stood out and you're like, okay, this isn't, this isn't high school anymore.


We had tough practices Now as a quarterback, prac football practice is fun. I think as a lineman, football practice isn't fun. Yeah. Right. So like we, we used to like freshman year, red shirting, you know, and, and maybe Red shirting is not in Vogue anymore. And I'm not sure why. I think, I think one of, one of Coach Taylor's our, our head coaches quotes that we were talking recently. I was like, Andrew, you know, not all experience is good experience. You know, you can go out early in football and, and, and be damaged in a sense Right. Experience. But Redshirting, we used to have these Wednesdays of just like grinder, full padded scout team. You know, we were running the scout team. I, I maintained, we may have had one of the better scout teams ever in the history of, of college football.


Like David DeCastro, John Martin, Sam was center, gr Whalen, Chris Aus, who would come down and play like he was an all American kick returner, you know, fast, incredible. It was awesome. But these would be like 30 play periods of full pads against the, and we'd called it the death march And we would just sort of hum the, you know, the, the Star Wars, whatever it is, you know, like the whole time. But they, you know, we survived those and I think that we proved our metal to each other. And I think, you know, that sort of helped us build this mythology that we, we are a tough team, you know? Yeah. Even when we're redshirting, we are like, we're doing 30 plays in a row of run to get, to get our guys ready.


So that, that was fun. And balancing school in, in, in sports is hard. I mean, it is hard. We, like, we do read books and go to class and, and, and turn in, turn in our work and, and do, do all the little things. Right. And so while it's, you know, you've gotta go earn it. And, and I certainly believe that about Stanford. I also think it's why Stanford's so special for me and why I believe in it. And that like, you know, the hard things genuinely have value to him. Yeah. And stuff that's given you for free or, or for nothing is cheap. Yeah. Yeah. At the end of the day. And there's nothing, there's nothing sort of cheap about the Stanford experience. What Was it like being for two years straight? Everyone being like, he's the number one pick.


He's generational talent. Because I, I always find that to be interesting, to have that kind of pressure on a college kid when we've seen it a couple times where like a guy stays and everyone just is like, Hey, they're talking about him. And then what ends up happening is you kind of get picked apart a little bit because it's two straight years of being the number one pick. And you're like, Hey, this is kind of crazy. Just 'cause I stayed, you're gonna pick me apart. Now. Was that, did you feel that pressure of everyone talking to you about, about you Like that? Bad Question. Bad question. Bad question. Bad question. Question. I so look like I, I think, did my friends talk about that? No, not at all. Did my teammates talk about it? No, not at all. Like did my girlfriend, who's not my wife, talk about that?


Not at all. Did my, you know, friends on campus, professors? No. And I had a flip phone and I wasn't scrolling through. Right. Whatever it was at the time. So I think, I think I was aware of the pressure. I also knew I'd earned. Like, but part of it's, I was like, I'd earned, I, I was aware also of how good I was at football. Right. So like, it Okay, cool. People think I'm the number one pick. Yeah. I understand why I am probably the best player. Right. Like, it wasn't, That's gotta be a Cool feeling. It wasn't like an in Yeah. It was okay. And I don't mean that in like, like yeah, my ego liked it for sure. But it was also like realistic. I'll know when, you know, you know? Right. It's like earned confidence. Right? Yeah. And so, and I knew I'd and I knew that we, and I was on a team that, that earned all of that confidence.


Right? Like, it was not bravado. I think it was more of a level of self-awareness that like, okay, yeah, I, I get it. Cool. But like, I wasn't surrounding myself with it in a day. Like there wasn't a slow drip into my brain, right. Of go out. You're number one, you're number, whatever. That's a very healthy way to deal with it. 'cause I don't know how, I don't know a lot of 20, 21 year olds that would be able to deal with it that way. Having the whole world talk about you that way for two plus years of hey, you're the number one pick whole world though. Yeah. There's A lot, there's a lot of people in the world that don't care About, they all love football. That's, no, that's not true. Those are losers. Yeah. We don't care about those people. They don't listen to the show.


They don't Exist. Why Do you get outta bed in the morning if you're not, If you're not Doing your mock drafts? The Whole world that I care about is what I Should have said. Okay. Thanks Cat. So as you go in that process and you're interviewing, you know, all the teams are bringing you in. They're talking to you. Actually, our colleague John Gruden said that you blew him away on the, on the whiteboard. I have some questions from Coach Gruden sent me some. Yeah. So Coach Gruden fell in love with you immediately. I, I'm assuming that you talked to a lot of teams that were not ever gonna be in a position to draft you. But how did those interviews go with teams that just kind of wanted to I, I'll be honest, I didn't talk to teams that weren't in a position to draft me. Not like, I think they didn't wanna waste their time. Right. They don't wanna waste mine. Like I should say, like the 49 er staff was all my old Stanford staff by and large, of course.


To talk to 'em and hang out and chat like when at the combine and show up. I wanted to get that experience and go to the room where everybody's sitting there and grab like, you know, that was cool. But like I I, I only really spoke with Indianapolis and Washington. Yeah. Yeah. So, and, and, and again, like I think I knew. Yeah. You know, and and Indy did make it somewhat clear eventually that like yeah, we'd like to pick you. Yeah. And just having Yeah. The horseshoe and luck next to it. Oh yeah. I was, I felt like it was destiny at that point. It's destiny. Yeah. Yeah. Do you want your Gruden questions right now? Sure. Why not? Okay, what the first one is he, he said you have the greatest snap count in history. So he wants you to do the snap count. He is like, you've gotta get him to do the snap Count.


Let's talk snap count for a sec. Okay. 'cause this is like such a niche part of playing quarterback that I worry so much with this whole like, clap thing. Okay. And I think there's value to the clap, et cetera, et cetera. But I think Pat Mahomes incredible at it. I bet if you, I bet if your stats, if your analytics team, I saw the whole analytics quarter Seen Our, a big Analytics team, These three guys, Big analytics team. How many PhDs Between, they're just gonna Google it and they'll probably Google it Incorrectly. But I bet, I bet if you look at how many offsides he's drawn over the last his career since starting, I bet it's gonna be probably the highest ever. It's Because rough cheap. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I Know anything about that Rogers, But, and then Rogers.


Yep. Yeah. I, so those two, I, I really enjoyed certainly Aaron. 'cause he was older and I, you grew up watching and I, I remember, you know, all the free plays. I feel like he would just hit a touchdown every other game to Jordy Nelson on a free play that was busting. They'd throw it up. Or Randall Cobb, like it was awesome. Or James Jones. And then when I got to Stanford, Jim Harbaugh would do like a lesson for us on, he is like, you gotta, you gotta have, you gotta have a voice to play quarter, you gotta have a voice. You gotta have a, it's gotta be gravelly, it's gotta cut, it's gotta cut through, it's gotta cut through everybody. You gotta cut, gotta cut. And so he wanted us to have, and not like Reddit. It had to have Ah, yeah. Like that had to be, it had to cut, you know? Yeah. It had to go.


So I embraced it. I think part of why, what I loved about playing quarterback with, there's these, all these little things that you actually can work on. Yeah. And working on a snap count was something that was fun and enjoyable. And then, And we didn't draw a bunch of people off sides at Stanford. Not at all. But we were doing like double counts and long counts. 'cause we actually had play calls that were, we killed and alerted things and needed to see what the defense was doing. So I was, I feel very fortunate I was taught how to play quarterback while I was there. Right. Jim Harbaugh, David Shaw, the way Greg Roman taught run game to me, it was a gift. Right. I think I got to one, it was awesome art. That's what the identity of our team in many ways was this like very physical, tough, smart run game.


And also when I got to the NFL, I felt like I'd, I'd, I'd been prepared to handle a run game. Right. And if you can't, and if you can't operate a run game in the NFL, there's only, there's only so far your team's gonna go. Right. I, I think I truly believe that. And then, yeah, snap count once it got to the NFL though Bruce Arians was would dog my snap count the first mini camp. 'cause I would sit there and go, you know, you'd go And we go like say go 80 and I just draw it out because I was thinking, I was like, oh fuck, this is overwhelming. FL defense Andrew. Anyway, you know, and ba and his voice, which I can't do a great impression of who was, who was amazing as well.


And worth probably a podcast series on him as a coach. Yeah. Yeah. He had some very nice things to say about you too. Yeah. We've one a Couple times I have nice things to say about ca as well. Yeah. So we, we asked Ians if you were to take all the quarterbacks you've ever coached, 'cause he's coached so many great quarterbacks. And if you were to piece them together by body, part by brain, okay, whose legs are you putting on here? Whose right arm? Whose brain, whose heart, whose hips are you taking? He goes, I'm gonna stop you. It's just all one person. And the answer's Andrew Lucke. Yeah. For everything. It's very kind. So he thought that you were, you were the best quarterback at everything that he'd ever coached. But I'm sure that there was something like when he, when he was working with you, that you guys just clicked immediately and kind of got each other.


He was awesome. He was, he, he taught football and looked at football in such a different way. And like he, he treated, he coached everybody hard and like hard. And it was, and I, and I appreciated that so much. And then he'd, you know, he'd, he'd cuss you out or, or like, you know, whatever very colorful, like an odd mixture of like East Coast and southern accent, I don't know quite where it lands. Yeah. Like real pirate filled language. And like, he'd tell Bear Bryant stories like, oh my God, he coached under Bear Bryant at some point. Yeah. That's, that's neat. But like with, with the snap count, he was like, Andrew, what are you doing now? Speed it up. Like we gotta, we gotta go. And this was part of his thing.


Bruce had a, he didn't care about time of possession. He cared how many points per, you know, he wanted a point a minute. If we couldn't get a point a minute, what's, you know, what's the, what's the point of holding onto the ball? What, what does it matter? But he was awesome. And then I realized in Snap, like, so with Snap, I'm gonna go back to the Snap company. It's related to Bruce. Bruce was, Bruce was really fun to play with Adam for a year. And it was an incredible year too because Coach Pagano got sick with leukemia and Bruce took over. And like, I was certainly very focused on playing quarterback because you have to be, it's, it's too overwhelming of a position to think about much else requires. But like, it wasn't only, honestly till I retired and look back like, oh my God, like Coach Pagano was going through K like yeah, he was in a cancer ward five blocks from the stadium.


Like, that's, that's scary. Right? And it's nuts. And, and so ba like guided that ship and then certainly got the opportunity to be a head coach and have this amazing success. So I was, we were super stoked for but with Snap counts because, because we gotta go back to snap counts. It's Said you have the best ever greatest snap count in history. It wasn't, but our, our, I started to read like Anthony Castanza, like left tackles. Like there's, I think there's like two personalities that play left tackle. Either you're completely type B and just like chill, or you are as neurotic as neurotic can be. And just like so focused on everything to help give you an advantage. 'cause it is a tough position to play. I mean really, really, really tough.


And so I realized that Anthony and I started having these conversations about how to help each other, how to help each other and realized snap count was needed. Like Yeah. To absolutely. You know, and it's obviously there's self-preservation as part of that, but we, you know Yeah. Realize like when you're under center, you know, on the hut, if you're doing a hard count, you needed your flex your bottom hand to make it look like the ball was about to come. So if you had a three tech or a nose who got the jump on hand, like you used that you had to marry snap counts and words from, from previous. And I, and I wasn't, you know, this was a thing, this was an iterative process. So I was certainly better at it at the end of the career, end of my career than not. But, ah, snap counts. I hope that, I hope football doesn't lose snap counts 'cause they're too good.


Yeah. Can you try to get me in Big Cat to jump? Yeah. So there's a couple different ways, but like the biggest way is just everybody knows, you know, hut is like the word to go. Yeah. So I, I preferred the hot hut hut rhythm as opposed to the hut hut rhythm. Okay. Right. So, so an on one would be like, so go call number call number hut, you know, so go green, 80 green, 80 hut, and that's the ball snap. Right? Yeah. And so then a hard count, the, the one I preferred, the one I settled on, the one I'd consider as part of my, like it's my baby. Yeah. And I, I'd be curious if other, if other coaches or other quarterbacks think about this was was like, it's like the, so I go green, 90 gr hot, hot, Hot.


I jumped, I jumped. That was awesome. Ah, I don't need to do that enough. Yeah. Oh, I mean, it's your baby. Yeah. I'm just gonna start, I'm just gonna go walk to the airport. I'm gonna walk through midway today thinking about that all Day. That's great. He'll be like, got you to move. Yeah. Yeah. It's a great question. My, all right. So here's the other question. This one's not as nice. He said, I thought he had the ugliest beard in the history of quarterbacks. And I studied this carefully. It's a weird, it's a weird question. I like that. I studied this carefully. 'cause I actually believe Gruden, does Todd Gruden not study anything? Yeah. Right. I believe that he literally had like a big board of all the beards and was like, yeah, My, I believe I believe in second chances. I believe I deserve a second chance.


It looks good Now. My facial hair. Yeah. Yeah. I think we're in the same sort of, yeah. I can't grow as well of a mu good of a mustache as you though. Yeah. But it does get long. When it gets long it gets a little unkempt. Oh, It definitely was unkempt. Yeah. What time, when you play quarterback, do you have to shave though? Yeah. Yeah. At what time? You gotta cut drag. You gotta trim the fat. You gotta focus on what's important. You, my beard was not important. So you, You had that nard, you had that, I read that incredible article in 2022 about you and like post football and everything and the decision and, and you had that quote of like, you don't have time for basically anything else if you're a quarterback in the NFL. And that one quote, I can't remember who said it to you, like if you're a quarterback in the NFL, you have to think of yourself as God's gift. Otherwise the, the doubt creeps in.


And that's gotta be a weird feeling to have to hold yourself to that and be like, I have to control everything and only think about this one thing. Not exactly healthy, I would imagine. Yeah. And I, I think this is an idea that I would certainly love to keep flushing out and talk to others about. Yeah. I think it, it is, it is fascinating and, and it certainly, the, the quote comes off as quite extreme and maybe in real life it's not as extreme perhaps. But I do think there's a, there there are kernels of truth in there for sure. Well, I mean, you're the, a quarterback in the, they call it the most important position in sports for a reason. Yeah. It is. The franchise rests on the quarterback's shoulders whether they want it to or not. Yeah. Well, I, I do, when I think about it and whatever had had the time to process and, and think, I do think when you go on the field as a quarterback, you, you cannot leave any room for doubt.


And I think one way of doing that is, is, and, and especially if it's connected to preparing and working hard and like, you know, being on it, et cetera. But you, you have to go out there thinking that you, like you are God's gift Right. To this thing. It's, and it's, that's a level, it's an, it is an intense level of confidence. Yeah. And I do think you, you know, and, and, and I grew up in football. I had, like, my dad was my Pop Warner coach, he played quarterback. So obviously as a kid I had a schema and like, I want to be like my dad. I want to play play quarterback. And then I had great high school coaches, coach Allen, coach Green, coach Sanders, you know, Jim Harbaugh, David Shaw, Stanford. So I was taught that you had to work hard.


You didn't just roll the ball out there and throw like, you know, the preparation was part of it. And so that was part of what I, I knew I had to convince myself, you can do this, dude. Yeah. You're talented, all this stuff, but like, you're putting the work in Yeah. And you're putting the work in with a team and that, like, that was the only scheme I scheme I knew. And Yeah. And I did not, you know, there I did not, while I played do a great job of tending to life outside of it, including relationships and thankfully, you know, didn't burn burn too many bridges and, and mess too much up irrevocably, but Right. That it's a, it's an odd, it's an odd balance. Yeah. I think for those playing the position. Yeah. And I, and frankly I haven't talked to many others about it like that, that have played quarterback in the NFL sort of at, at that level.


And, and it is something I'm curious to hear from others about Yeah. Of how they sort of psychologically handled it. Right. Yeah. Right. I think the, the great quarterbacks kind of see that same burden and that same responsibility they have to throw themselves into it because they feel, okay, it's on me in order to go out there and, you know, do the best for my teammate, do the best for my coach. I'm going to need to be the most prepared person in the world. But then there's some guys that are just like, no, it's, it's a job. It's fun. Yeah. But they don't reach that, that high level of success. Would you say that, like did you get burned out on playing quarterback? Hmm. That's a good question. Good Question. Thank you. Dammit. No, it's okay. It was a good question. I, I could tell, I could tell you knocked out. That one wasn't good. Like, was, is there a burnout factor?


I Not about being court, maybe a little bit about being quarterback. And I think in, in that article you referenced Big Cat that, you know, I think I, I addressed that to a certain degree. Injuries adding up, you know, I think is a common theme in any professional athletes sort of coming to an end in a career. And that was certainly a big, a big part of mine. And yeah. And yes, parts of it I think got, got tiring. Maybe that's too light of a way to say maybe burnout is, is Yeah. Yeah. Part of it, for sure. Yeah. Was football still fun for you at the end?


No, not, no. Not like a game. It's, and, and I found the fun in it again though not playing. Yeah. Which is, which is, I'm not gonna say full circle, but I think in the, you know, the windy way that life works. Yeah. Like, I did not love football when I, you know, and I did not love football. Like, you need to, to play quarterback. I think I also realized that to go back to playing quarterback, you're either like all in or you're not. It's a, to me, in my mind, the scheme of, of how, like how you emotionally invested physically, psychologically, spiritually invested in quarterback is like, it's binary. Right. You either aren't or you are 100% in.


And I, and I had a point in my life where I was like, I, I am unwilling to hop to the 100% in so I can't do it. Yeah. And, and, and the article was like I said, really great. 'cause I feel like you were able to fully explain it and it, it, I reading it was like, oh, I think I, I understand the complexity of this because as fans we, we just see it as Andrew Luck just walked away from something that everyone like would dream their dream job. Like how could he do this? But was it, were you shocked yourself when you came to the conclusion? Like your own conclusion? Were you like, oh shit, I actually think I can, I I do kind of wanna walk away. 'cause I, I feel like that would be a, a very illuminating moment where you, it clicks and you're like, oh man.


Absolutely. Yeah. It was, it was by far the hardest decision of my life. And then when it, when it didn't, when it did sort of finally when I allowed the sort of, when I allowed myself to ask the actual question that mattered Right. And then, and, and allowed myself to give an answer to the question that was truthful. It was like, whoa, okay. This has, this has been hard, but yeah, this is what I have to do. Right. So there was a moment of clarity. It was the hardest decision of my life, but also like the most clarity I've had about something. And I, and look, I did not feel alone through that as well. And I, and I can't imagine going through a process, feeling alone, right. Through that. Like, my girlfriend at the time, her wife, like my agents, my friends, I mean, Sam flew to Indianapolis to, to talk to me.


And this was, this was kick. But like, man, it feels amazing to have people that love you around you. Yeah. Like, that's like, we all deserve that. And I, and, and, and then I'll say this, it was my dream to play quarterback and I feel so grateful and privileged that I got to do that. Right. It was awesome. And it did not end fairytale esque by any means. We, you know, we have an, you have an a FC finalist banner. Yeah. It's a great banner for us. You don't have a Super Bowl banner for, for the, how Many guys combat, how many can say they have an a FC finalist Banner? Not a Lot. Not a lot. Not a lot. Because they don't make those banners. When They hung that up, were you like, oh God, I didn't, I didn't pay one bit of attention. I have no idea when it was hung up or taken down. I, I understand that you guys have a, have had a story about it.


Yes. For a while. This is back to you having a flip phone, which is smart. Yeah, Yeah. Which is, which is cool. But like, yeah, I don't know. I, Sam explained on the drive in that like, there's gonna be a banner there. And I was like, I think I know that there's some story behind this. And then it turns out the banner's huge. Massive. Yeah. Enormous. Yeah. Enormous. So, alright, so when, when you do make the decision and you, I I, I always felt bad that it like got leaked obviously with Sheer, and then you have the moment on the field that, that had to be like really hard to have, to have it be rushed. 'cause you had it probably in your head like, Hey, this is how I wanna do it. I know it's a big decision. I know it's gonna shock some people, but then have it kind of taken away from you where someone else reports it and you don't get to say it.


And then you have to deal with the fans on the field and everything. That sucks. Yeah. I Ain't gonna lie. It was difficult. Yeah. Also, like you survive. Yeah. You move on. I felt a couple things. One, I'd, I had written a draft, a couple drafts of like a retirement press conference. It wasn't like gonna be a happy retirement press conference, obviously not like, you know, like you the traditional ones you see. But I'd written a couple drafts and shared it with, with Matt Conte, the, our PR guy at the time. And I still think so, so he at least had a copy of something for me to talk about after the game. So I was thankful about that. I, I felt good about it. I was like, you know, this is like writing a, it's like writing a paper for school and you actually put in a couple drafts and get notes back from the professor.


Right. Like, yeah, good job, Andrew. There you go, pat on the back. Yeah. Two things I told, I had taken the opportunity to tell the guys on the team on Friday and, and Saturday morning that I'd been with for a while. That's good. That I'd felt very much like Yeah. Tethered to like TY Hilton. Yeah. Who, like, who I love Yeah. And who I like who made playing football like fun. Yeah. Like thrown to a dude like that. I don't think people understand how fun it is when like you have a connection to a receiver like that when you're rookies together and like, fun. Yeah. And, and, and, and so that, that was like the bittersweet, the real bittersweet stuff was telling him and Jack Doyle and Anthony and, and Quentin Nelson, who I didn't, you know, we'd played one year together as a rookie, but like, just like a lovable and loving guy.


Yeah. And Ryan Kelly. So I'd had the chance to tell and Clayton gathers and, and some of the coaches. So at least, at least the, and I didn't have a chance to tell everybody. And that's, that's what hurts. 'cause you know, being a teammate, but like to a certain degree I was also quitting on them. Right. And I understand that like, that's, It's hard. Yeah. That's hard. And, and it's not, it's it's hard to celebrate that. Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and that's a part of me that like yeah. I get, you know. Yeah. It stinks. I, I I live with that and I own it and that's okay. It's part of me. Yeah. The other thing is during the game, like I I I, there, I remember there were eight minutes left and I, I, I swear I felt the, like the cameras turn on me or something and like immediately, like, I don't know if you've had this experience in life where there's just such certainty that something has happened.


Right. It's like, oh shit, it's out. Yeah. I know. It's out. And I just remember going and standing next to Anthony Costanzo, I think Mark Lewinsky and Ryan Kelly and just standing between them and just like, Hey, hey guys, I'm just gonna stand between you Right. For the next Eight minutes. Check me one last time. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm gonna stand. And again, I felt, I didn't feel alone. Yeah. And I think, I don't mean this in a cheesy way. Like I felt like they had my back Yeah. You know, for those eight minutes. And I, and I was, and I'll be forever appreciative of that. Yeah. And indebted to that. 'cause they were great teammates in the moment. They didn't have to be. Yeah. Yeah. And then at all then after this all comes out, were you aware that OJ Simpson had just drafted you for his fantasy football team?


Yeah. You didn't think of the fantasy owners? That was my one Call. So everyone was doing the drafts and then OJ got rest his soul front of the program, he drafted to Andrew Luck and you just blindsided him. Did you ever apologize to OJ for that? Unaware, or did not? Yeah, I had no need to apologize. Yeah. No, no. But the fan think About bad question. Bad question. But Think about the fantasy owners. You Were On's can't cut list. Yeah. Which is a good place to be. That is Huge Place to be. I don't get it. Don't explain The fantasy owners though, that it is always funny. We mock it because it's like a player will get like a gra like a gruesome injury like week two and immediately people will be tweeting like, oh, my fantasy team screwed. It's like, yeah, but that guy just got really hurt.


Like, think about that. So yeah, you screwed the fantasy owners over that late in the preseason. What, what do you guys, what do you, who, what do you guys enjoy mocking most? I mean, there's a lot. Can You gimme a good question, Darren? Ve probably Yeah. Max. A lot of things. Basically every, well our whole show is basically the fact that sports are taken too seriously and it's just a joke like That I know about the show. Yeah, yeah. Like it's all I, I, I like, can I interview you guys for a second? Yeah, Yeah. Go ahead. Like the genesis of it. Good Question. Yeah, good Question. Great question. Good question. Good question. You could say, talk about reporters love doing that. Talk about the genesis. Well, the genesis of it was more of a good statement.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I maybe it was there's a choice. You talk about that. Tell me. Yeah. Enlighten me. Indulge me. So, no, we got very lucky because we started this at a time when podcasts were very new. What year? 2016. So we're coming up on nine years. So like now everyone has a podcast. We were not that podcasts didn't exist before 2016, but there was definitely a wide open lane for us. And our goal from the very beginning was we have to have fun and make sure people know we're having fun because sports are supposed to be fun. And I think this, the world got very serious around that time as well. So we became a little bit of a breath of fresh air where it's like, hey, we're not gonna, we're not gonna burden you with any big picture things, with any like politics, with any serious topics.


We're gonna watch sports and we're gonna make fun of sports and make fun of ourselves more than anything. So that's been the big thing. And you did screw over the fantasy owners. Yeah. Well Specifically oj Yeah. Specifically oj. So like, you were, tell tell me, Tell me more about the genesis though. Yeah. But were you guys, like, were you guys watch listening to sports radio? Like, like I just been listening to sports radio, driving into school in high school and like we're, I think me and Big Cat both had the same point of view when it came to like the sports media ecosystem, which is, you know, they took themselves very seriously. You would get dressed up in a suit and tie to get on TV and scream and yell about the National Football League. And it was like, they weren't, they weren't treating the viewers with respect almost.


It's like, okay. They became so self-important when they were talking about this stuff. And then I also became obsessed with the comment section. Anybody that would like, comment on an article and their, their mindset that they almost took the league more seriously than people who were being paid to write and talk about the league. And it became just this giant like big gas of, or big ball of gas, of bluster of everybody that was obsessed with insisting their viewpoint was correct. And it was just very funny that they were taking it so seriously. So me and Big Cat started following each other online and then we met up, had a beer and said at some point we should do a podcast together. And then, you know, time ticked by for about a year brought us to the right spot And we werere like, okay, let's do this.


Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. So the etymology of PFT commenter Yes. Is that you were actually commenting, I was obsessed with the comment section and You, and you were injecting a, a le a levity and humor and not so serious takes I would in the comment sections or were you just reading them? I Would read the comment section and then I, I created an account and a character that was like, what if you gave your, your typical commenter their own blog. Yeah. And then gave them like a long form place to write about everything and they had the stupidest takes on everything possible. And so that's kind of where I was. So we, yeah, we intentionally have very dumb takes that might have a kernel of truth, but we're mocking as well. Like actually when you retired, I went to, in 2015, I went to the Final four in Indianapolis.


We had a, we we got like taken out to St. Elmo's. We went and sat in the basement where Peyton Manning used to do his dinners. I think you used to do your dinners. And I asked them what you order, and I think the waiter said chicken. And then like, I, I was like, yeah, no shit. Andrew Luck retired. He is a chicken guy over steak. Like that. That's my take now. You know what I mean? Like something like that where we're mocking this entire idea that like, you aren't allowed to retire when you wanna retire. Like you owed it to us. Cool. Yeah. So, but you did owe it to the fantasy owners in oj So wait, wait. So the real question though, when you retire, 'cause I think everyone thinks this, was there ever a second where you got a call or you're like, oh, maybe I want to come back.


Because that's, I think that's the part that people always are drawn to. Whether it be Barry Sanders or Calvin Johnson or anyone who walks away a little bit early. Brett fav, Brett fav, Brett fav, they always think in the off season or just random times like, oh, maybe Andrew Luck will come back. You know what I mean? And so it's, it's this, it's a dumb thing that fans do, but they have that in the back of their head for a very long time thinking, oh yeah, maybe he's gonna come back. Would, there was never a second where it was even like a little bit of, Ooh, maybe, maybe I should do it. Nope, that's, I mean, that's pretty awesome. 'cause I, I don't think having that clarity and having that ability to be like, that's it. Yeah. Because I'm sure you got calls.


No, I, I said the one from, was it Frank Reich texted you being like, message in a bottle. I, I sending out an SSI have A great relationship with Frank. Yeah. Like, please. And we stayed and, and Nick Siri and stoked for him as well, but no, yeah. I would stay friendly with Frank and Yeah. But, but no, and like, again, like I love football in a different way right now. I, I've why I've volunteered, coached at Palo Alto High School for the past couple years. It's why I'm back in this position for many reasons, you know, at Stanford and, but just not as a quarterback. Yeah. I I I do have some tape for you that I wanna watch real quick. Max, if you pull it up. Do you, one of the things I loved about you quarterbacking is you, I I feel like you were in the mold of like, I don't wanna swear on camera.


Do you, you probably don't remember this, but this is a tape of you, you short circuited when you swore by accident. Do you remember this? I absolutely remember it. Okay. There's more context here. You're Literally short circuited. I've never seen someone's brain short circuit live on air. Alright, go ahead. Look at the film. Look at the highlights. He's the guy that just makes plays. Oh, sorry. Shoot. Makes, makes plays. And you know, just When you, I apologize for that. Getting into a bi-week, you were so mad at yourself. It was just a swear. You were, first of all, you were like devastated Because my beard's not that bad. No, That's, I didn't say your beard was bad. Gruden said your beard was Bad. Oh, John, yeah. Coach Gruden. My beard's not that bad. I'm also like, you know, late twenties, not early twenties.


I did say that was about Glan, who was my college roommate. A walk-on Toledo, Ohio. Sylvania Southview, earned a scholarship, had a legit NFL career. Also one of Sam's roommates as well. One of my best friends in the world. That was after the Denver Broncos 2015 15, I wanna say. Okay. 2015. What's this timestamp of the Twitter thing? Oh, This was just me after you retired. I just said, now you can swear Whenever you want. Oh, thanks. Yeah. Yeah. I, And we, that was a, a Peyton coming back to Indy, which is like cool, like electric atmospheres. Right. There'd been a lot going on that year. We, we were, you know, sort of going like this.


And then that year we we're going like that and I lacerated my kidney in that game with like seven minutes left. Oh no. When a knee got me. So I ended up in the emergency room the next day. 'cause I was not feeling so, so very good. And so I think that's truly authentically how I felt in the moment. Griff Whalen just made fucking plays that game. Yeah. And we won. Yeah. And that was Cool. Yeah. And then, And Ahma Ahad Bradshaw caught a touchdown to sort of ice the game. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah. Also anybody that sees you retired and is like that, that fucking pussy. I could, I would, I would kill to play quarterback. You lacerated your kidney in the game. Yeah.


Like that's, I think most, and You just described it as I wasn't feeling very good. Yeah. Most, Most reasonable People, if they went out there and they did something at their job where they went home one day with a lacerated kidney, they'd probably talk to their wife and be like, you know, I'm, I don't know if this is the right career for me. Yeah. I think that's a completely fair conversation to have. And then there, there is a flip side to it though. So once you reach that decision where you say, I'm confident I no longer, my heart's not in it, it's not fair to everybody else. If I keep playing, it's not fair to myself. If I keep playing, that's gotta be great moment of clarity where you realize confidently this is what I wanna do. And then after you actually walk away, there's probably gonna be some time where you have to establish a brand new identity for yourself because your job, if you're an NFL player and a quarterback, especially for so long, that's been a big part of your identity.


And so did that, did you feel like, I don't, I don't wanna say empty if that's the right word, but did you feel like, okay, I need to separate myself and start my own new identity at this moment? Before I answer that, I'll go back to the, the job thing and the lacerating kidney. I, it was such a privilege to play quarterback and to make money doing it and do it like it was awesome. So I I, I never once felt pity for myself for playing the position and getting paid. Amazing. Right. Amazing two identity. Yeah. It was way more, being a quarterback was way more of my identity than I realized. Absolutely. And in discovering, I don't mean this, maybe it sounds mumbo jumbo, but like having to learn about myself and discover a new one.


And like, we had a, we had our first daughter born a few months after I retired that certainly helped provide purpose. Like obviously there's a deep biological purpose, you know, of like kids, you know, and tending to them. But my wife also, like, she, you know, I was processing Covid hits and we're all together with a little baby, you know, stuff. And I was processing football and I'm on, you know, and a career and, you know, finding myself and had some amazing people, you know, through it and still and friends, et cetera. And she, and she turned to me at one day and I'm an out loud processor, like, you know, I did, I just talk and most of it's just like air if I'm just, you know, and there's, and she's like, she turned to me one day in the middle of Covid and I was like, is it possible for someone to talk about themselves more than you right now?


And I said, probably not. I kept doing it And we made it through. But yeah, a big part of it was identity. Yeah. And I think it's like, you know, sort of locating myself who I am in the world and grounding me in. And I think that was part of the process. Yeah. Did you ever, did your dad call you up when he started the XFL? Did he call you and say, Hey Andrew, I can get you 25 million. Really? Do you wanna come back from one season? You for A game? Bad question. No, Not at all. Yeah. Yeah. That's, I mean, it, it's, it's reading that article, like I said, everyone should go read it because it did feel like I So you do read Man? I do read, but it's an article. It about, it took me, I think I, I think I stopped, but that wasn't A short article As I remember.


I think I, I stopped. You started four different Times. You made it through. Yeah, but I made it through four quarters. Four quarters. Hey, when you got to the fourth restart, like four quarter, did you give yourself I up before? I was like, hell yes. Put up the fours. Oh man. Do you ever, do you ever dream of football? I have dreamt of football. Like, do you have memories of like games and stuff where you dream and you wake up, you're like, oh shit, that was weird. No, no. I'm, I, I, the last time I dreamed about foot dreamt about football, I wanna say was like showing up to a locker room without like the equipment and freaking out that like, where's my helmet? I can't go like the embarrassed Dream. I don't know. Yeah. You know, like the Yeah. What the, like the freak out.


You never actually planned, but like, I don't have the helmet in I, my hip pads, where are my hip pads? Right. I need my hip pads and my tailbone pad. Yeah. I'm gonna hurt my tailbone. Can't prove. I think it's a pretty common dream. Most people have it just about like high school. Yeah. And they, they show up for the last day and they haven't gone to that class all semester. Yeah. You just think about that like football, like, oh, I'm not prepared. But It was once and it wasn't, I don't, I don't remember it was, but I remember waking up thinking like, ah, that weird. Yeah. Do you, do you still watch the NFL? Yeah, I do. Do you find yourself like, rooting for the Colts? Do you find yourself rooting for quarterbacks? I have A, I absolutely have a soft spot in my heart for the Cols. It was a, it was, I mean like spent age 21 drafted there, like, I felt like a kid when I was drafted there.


My, my girlfriend and I went there. Like we, we grew up in a sense there. Our daughters were born there. Like, I highs and lows, memories like life was lived there, like lived. I, I very much feel that. So I absolutely have a soft spot there. And, and guys like Quentin Nelson and Ryan Kelly, who's a free agent now, like Braden Smith, Jack Doyle played after like Jack Doyle's, one of my favorite teammates ever. So of course root for those guys when, when, when things happened. And then watching the NFL for me now is who do I know on the team if anybody, which gets fewer and fewer guys every year. And, and now it's more what coaches do I know that are coaching on the teams.


And like, so this year it's like watching Zach Ertz play for Washington. It's like, you know, I've known Zach since he was 17. I was 18, he's a year behind me in school. Like we, we worked out together. I accidentally whack one time I was stre, you know, we went through a phase where we were stretching with like those long wooden sta like stats, like, I don't know, like it felt like a movie or something. And I was sitting there with it behind my back and I turned and I just whipped it around and I whacked him right in the whacked him right in the face. And, and Zach didn't beat me up, which was good. We always worked out together, but it's like I root for him. Yeah, for sure. And Tavita Pritchard's the quarterback coach in Washington. And, and Tavita and I were teammates like, so I root for him of course. And then Nick Cii and Vic Fangio are on the Eagles.


Yeah. You know, during their thing. So I try to root for them as well. It, it becomes what like my fandom, like my team fandom is like soccer US national team. Like that's where I'll get fandom or like watching Stanford men's hoops or women's hoops or any Stanford team. Like, that's where I let myself just be a like a like a fan. Yeah. Right. Because it's fun to be a fan, right? Like really fun to be a fan. But when, when watching NFL it's more, hey, you know, can my guys make it out healthy? Right. And can they go ball out and, and win? Yeah. I love that. Yeah. Yeah. I remember, I think it might've been right before the draft, you might've done like a walk and talk with Peter King at some point, and you, you fascinated him with your love of architecture.


Hmm. Are you still a big architecture guy? Big architecture guy? Yeah. Yeah. So I have a couple, I have a, a tough architecture Question also. Also, I grew up reading Peter King. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And like, so that, that, that was fun for me. Like, I love, like, I loved reading, you know, I loved getting Sports Illustrated. I love reading like Rick Riley in the back, the last page. Yeah. When I was doing that comment, like, I would, I died for the Houston Chronicle in the mornings in Houston, because Norman Chad had its syndicated column, you know, like the national syndicated column there. And I felt like, like that type of humor hit me as whatever, a 15-year-old kid. Yeah. So it was cool. Like, those were pinch me moments in the NFL, like walking with Peter King. Yeah. So you guys were looking at the architect. Was that in Chicago? I don't Remember. It might have been, but, so he, he Great architecture boat tour here, by the way.


Yeah. Great architecture Boat tour. Yes. How many times have you been on it? Two Times. Yes. It's awesome. It's very fun. All right. So are you familiar with the premise? FMK? Fuck Mary. Kill. So you gotta fuck when you gotta marry, when you gotta kill? Nah, nah, nah. And it's, He's gonna search short circuit again. I'll, I'll Listen to the question. I reserve the right to not answer a question. Fuck Mary. Kill dork columns. Ionian columns. Corinthian columns. Ooh, good question. Good question. Not answering it. Could you Rank 'em? Yeah, I rank 'em. Yeah. Look, I, I want 'em, if, if I'm remembering correctly, the Corinthian column is a bit too flowery for my aesthetic taste. Yep. Okay. Yep. Doric has a level of simplicity and, and, and very much form is connected to function, which, which I find pleasing and Ionics.


Yeah. It's cool. It's groovy. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I, I think that's fair. I think I would say Mary Ionian, I think I would kill Doric and then I would have sex with a Corinthian column. That makes sense. We don't settle down. That makes sense. What are your thoughts on Soviet brutalism? No. Positive thoughts. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Co Coach Gruden. Coach Gruden, here's, yeah. The Soviet brutalism is also inextricably linked to the use of concrete. Yes. Yeah. So that's all I, that's my thought. Yeah. It's like designed to kill Your soul. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Coach Gruden actually said that he was shocked that you knew every part about cement.


I don't know why that shocked him. I went on a cement kick, read a book I certainly did not know every part of Yeah. He was just like that guy. He knows everything about cement When I told 'em you were coming in. So I don't, do you still know everything about cement? No, I never did. Okay. And certainly do not, but I do think it, what's fascinating about cement. Yeah. This is the good stuff. I think they just realized they did like, just prove this. Like, like Roman stuff has stood for long, long, long time. Like way longer than the roads and bridges we've been building. Yep. Here in the world. Not just in, you know, here, but sort of here. And they realized that somehow baked into the property. This said, man, I'm gonna mess, mess this up. But when Romans meant, like, fixes itself when it cracks, like something about oxygen and water getting in activates like a, a self-healing mechanism.


I want, I think like researchers in Australia, I could be completely wrong in the language I'm using, but just Google. Google It. What else have you been reading about? I've been on a sci-fi kick lately. Oh, Okay. I think when I realized taking a job, being general manager, like I'm using Brain Power again a lot. Yeah. And there's real stuff and et cetera. And so at the end of the nights, I, I, I like to read before going to bed and I've been on the series, the Red Rising series of good sci-fi. This Is a book or show? It's a book. Okay. They'll make a show eventually. Yeah. And then watch, we'll watch it and then we'll say that we read it. Yeah. Do you watch Severance? Say It again. Do you watch Severance? I don't watch Severance. I know you should. I know what it is. Cool. That's the second person in the last two days to tell about Jack Hort, my old teammate in Indianapolis.


I was talking to him. 'cause I'm going to Toledo and staying with him tomorrow. Yeah. So we were talking, he was like, you asked the same Question. Yes. San was very good. But you're reminding me of we had a Game of Thrones book club in our Stanford locker room back in the day. We would get into real, there was, there were four or five of us, myself included that when I read. Do you, are you Game of Thrones people? I've watched, I've seen it. Yeah. We watched show. Okay. When the red wedding scene came up in book, whatever, I wanna say three. And I read it and, and stormed into the locker room, like very emotionally shook by this scene. And we had a big, it turned out that all of us were in the shower yelling about Game of Thrones at the time. Like, you know, the whole thing.


And a few people walked in like, what the heck are these guys doing? And so I I felt like the cool kid when the world was freaking out about the red wedding episode, I was like, nah, you don't know about everybody who already knows about this. Yeah. Who's had years to emotionally process what just happened. We were ahead of you guys. Oh, all of y'all. We are ahead. That's incredible. Did you find yourself ready for it when it came out the show? Yeah. Yeah. When the, when the red wedding specifically happened? Well, I didn't really watch the show. Oh, okay. Yeah. I read The books. Yeah. You're like, I already know what I mean. I Picked, picked, you know, episodes here and there. Just, you know, whatever is cool. Yeah. Well, I'm fact, I'm gonna start reading about, I'm gonna read one book about cement this year. I'm writing. You don't have to do that To yourself. I'm not, I'll read a Twitter thread.


Yeah. If I can find one. That's a good point, a good one. A good Twitter thread Cement. Just really break down that. So wait. So American Soccer real quick. Are we gonna win the World Cup? Oh yeah. You bet we are. Why not? Do you think we'd be better if we had like LeBron Weby Luca on the team? Well, Not Luca and Weby, because they were, they would Be other countries. No, they would be on our team. You're better than that. They would be on our Team. You're better than that. Joel B and That That Yeah. Shake SGA plan. I have no idea. Okay. If we would be better or not. The answer's yes. If we, if we just put Jay and Dan Oh, he'd be so good. Our Best players.


No, we just do that to troll and get people upset. OBJ was an incredible soccer player. I wanna say I believe it. I believe it. So wait, we're, we're not gonna win anything though. I, I'm so hopeful. I I'm eternally optimistic as a US soccer fan. The World Cup's gonna be here and in, in Mexico and Canada and Yeah. It, it's fun to be a, it's fun to be a fan. It's fun to be a fan of your national team. Yeah. Like, It's fun to win though. Also Wish being At the, I got to go to the Olympics. My wife's a producer for, for gymnastics on television. So she was working and I was just like having the time of my life rooting for Americans, you know, bringing my daughters to stuff and having their like 59 Stanford athletes there, including like, friends of ours that were, we were freshmen together.


Like Katerina Stephanie or Eric Oggi was amazing. Like watching Katie Ledecky swim was so cool. It's fun to root for America and sports. It's really fun. I like really, really, really fun. I enjoyed that a lot. And my wife, but she stole the tickets to the Women's Gold Medal match soccer. So she got to go with her friends. And, and I was, that's the one thing I was jealous of her about from that trip. She got to go to that gold medal match of the women and watch us win. Yeah. By the way, we love And we love Winners here. Winner. We love winners. We just love winners in America. Love Winners. And I'll tell you what, the roster that we have right now, I've been telling Big Cat this for the last two years, going into this World Cup, that is the best roster that the US will have ever had at that point.


Just looking at the players that play competitively overseas, that's as talented as we've ever been, I think. And if it's gonna, if we're gonna do it, it's gonna be at home in this World Cup. So like get all in right now in us. I, I'm, I'm with you. Get all in. I, I, you know, maybe I don't have as deep a perspective as you PFT Kind. No. I just gave you everything I know. Yeah. Good. Well that I like it. I'm all, I'm all in. And I do think, it seems like at scale we just, we have a lot of guys competing at, in, in really important places around the world. And the m ls is stronger than it's ever been. Like our domestic game is stronger than it's ever been. So, And I'm thinking maybe our new coach, he's very close with messy, why not just have messy become a US citizen? Yeah. And it doesn't work like that though. No, it does.


He's already capt tied to Argentina. You can do Whatever you want now. You can't, you Can't do it. Capt Talking. Capt tied. Oh, he's capt tied. Oh no, we can't figure out a way around that. No. By the way, 20 people Would never allow something illegal to happen. There's, that's not a problem that money can fix. 2014 USC verse Stanford fourth and 13 at the USC 32 punt. And then fourth and 22 at the USC 29 Oh. Punt for a touch pack That's a nine yard punt. So, so I don't think we'll ever get messy on the Us on the US roster. And, and I'm very excited and I'm very excited for the World Cup.


You get the show down anytime you get the show. Anytime. Anytime we talk about soccer. I got, one of the things I was stoked about when I was, I was still playing professionally and I was in Europe for something in the off scene. I was like, I gotta go see Christian Istic play. Yeah. Yes. He was still playing for Barcia Doman. So I hopped in the car, I was in Amsterdam and I drove over and I reached out to his agent. So I got to watch the game. Unfortunately, he maybe even played like 10 minutes at the end of the game. It was, it was like verse Hoffenheim or someone I wanna say. But I got to have pizza with Christian afterwards and like, you know, like I'm a fan. Yeah. He's younger, but I'm a fan and he's a cool dude. So I'm stoked for what he's doing right now. Yeah. And then I hope somehow some way we channel the attitude that Clint Dempsey brought to the soccer team.


Yep. And to just sports in general. 'cause that dude was so fun to watch. I I loved watching him from like East Texas. It was an amazing story. And he was tough. And one of my favorite quotes, like sport quotes all the time was Bruce Serino when he was the, I think he was the men's national team coach at this point, asked about like, what, what made Clint different or special? He was like, because he tries shit. And like Clint did. And he, and he was so fun to watch. So He was never scared. No. Never scared. Like all those clips of him getting, I mean watching and the clips, now they're on the internets and the YouTubes and such. But like watching him play well, like, that was an attitude that I think resonated with a lot of us watching. Yeah. You need a guy like that to beat Mexico.


Mm. Like, that's not afraid of Mexico. Mm. And he, yeah, he was the best. Maybe Joe Skelly's our guy. You think so? He's one of the defenders on the team. He's one of our security guy's. Nephews? Yeah. Really Long Island. Pretty cool. Or Staten Island. Staten Island guy. Cool. We need some like Staten Line Island tough guy team. He's Texas or Staten Island. One Of the Two fourth and 11 from the Cal. 34, 10 minutes left in the game. Punt. I mean, you're not, you're not gonna beat the 29. 29 is crazy. Yeah. Pun That's like a piece of art. I just, okay. I I have a I have a serious question for you. Oh. Hypothetically the Colts make it to the Super Bowl, but Anthony Richardson and Joe Flacco both get mono and they can't play.


Yep. They weren't kissing each other Fresh for your college. Yeah. They're kissing somebody else. Yeah. And you get a call, Andrew, can you play in the Super Bowl for us? You don't even have to practice. You probably wanna practice. You have to practice three days and then play in the Super Bowl. What do he say? No, Thank you. Appreciate it. And I'll say you, why it that's cheap. That's not, you gotta you gotta go all season. You gotta practice. Yeah. You gotta Earn it. You gotta earn that. Right. You gotta earn it. Yeah. What if, what if I'd be hyped for the Colts though, if they're there. What If, what if Jim Mersay calls you up? He's like, Hey, we got this new technology, we're turning injuries off for an entire season. Would you come back and play injuries off? You literally cannot get injured. No. I, I'd ask to be able to invest in the technology. Okay. Alright. That's actually A Smart answer.


We need to get this technology. Did Jim Mercey ever show you his guitar collection? His guitar collection. Sweet. Yes. It seems crazy. And Like, I grew up watching or watching listening to Classic Rock. 'cause my dad's a a classic Rocka file. You know, like the first concert my dad took me to was ZZ Top in Houston, which is like, yeah. It's a great gateway concert into, you know, live shows. Yeah. It was amazing. And then went to Springsteen. We actually came to Chicago one year to see the Stones at whatever the basketball arena is. United Center. United Center, yeah. And so, like going into his office, he does have an incredible guitar collection. And then when you go to Stanford, you realize the Grateful Dead is a thing.


And like Jerry and Jerry Garcia. And, and so I, and, And we have friends that are Deadheads and like they, the Dead used to do impromptu shows on campus back in the day. Like there's a whole culture Yeah. In Palo Alto around the Grateful Dead. Yeah. So to see him, a Jerry Garcia guitar actually meant a little bit of something to me. Yeah. And the Beatles drum set. Yeah. He's got it all. It's Cool. Yeah, He's, he's convinced and I think he's convinced me that the technology will exist one day to extract all the sounds that have ever been played out of an instrument. Just, and just have it play. I guess the best way to say is he believes if you buy a guitar from Eric Clapton somewhere in that wood is the, it's the actual music and the actual notes that were once played.


I believe that. And eventually we'll be able to hook a machine up to it and get that exact sound out of the guitar. Do you believe that? Cool. Yeah, I believe It. I believe it. I I believe it. If he believes it, I believe it. Cool. Things. I don't understand. I just believe Yeah. Yeah. It's A good default Big Cat. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, all right. That sounds cool. Healthy Way to live life. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, Would you rather that that technology existed? I would, yeah. I would choose to live in that world. Absolutely. Absolutely. Well, this con this Conversation is devolve. Yeah. Oh yeah. It always does. This has been so awesome though. We really appreciate it.


I have one last question for you. It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take go right now. Huddle hoodie is the new one that I love. Rollback dot com promo code take is there. You Did that. So well stop. I do it every time. That Was, wow. We, we, we have a Rollback question to finish every interview. Shout out Rollback our wonderful sponsor there.


One, so Well, So well done. Is there one pass that you think of? You're like, yeah, that was it. That was it. Like, remember me for this one pass this one play. Remember me for this? Yeah. No, but I would assume like, there's one that you could think of like, man, did I absolutely fucking crush that? Mm. It's funny you think of interceptions. I thrown more than I think of like sweet TERs. Right, Right, right. Come. No, I'll be honest. Part of what was so fun, what was so f Frank Reich asked me this like, what do you love about football? We were sitting talking once before I, before I retired, I said like, dude, I get to throw the ball to my friends.


Like, Yeah. Like that's You playing catch. Yeah. Like, it's Really Cool. That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. And so, so there is not one throw, there's not one throw to rule them all, but like, throwing to TY Hilton and Jack Doyle and Yeah. An amazing year with, you know, Eric IBR had this, we had an incredible year together. Yeah. And, and Kobe Fleener. And Griff, like, I got to play in the NFL with my college roommate. Giff Wheland. Yeah. And he cut touchdowns, like he ran a bang eight on the skinny post. I think on one of the Texans corners in the big game. Like, this is an undrafted guy, a walk on receiver who's playing like, that's awesome. Kobe Fleener and I played together in college, you know, so I, I feel very fortunate that I got to throw the football to my friends.


And especially TY Hilton. Like, I, I'll say this again, I don't think it's fun to play with a guy who's different and he was different. Yeah. And I'm not sure he gets the respect he deserves for what he did on the football field. I agree with that. Like, he brought, he brought an attitude that was, that was just awesome. And like, you know, we probably couldn't have come from two different places, but like, it's part of what's amazing about sports and football in particular. I know this is a, this is an unserious podcast, but I will, I will be serious. Like, I get like we're friends. Right. I don't get that otherwise Right. Like that my life is like way better for that. And that's just one micro I gotta play with Frank Gore, who's awesome by the way.


Yeah, yeah. Like no one knew. No one knew pass protection better than Frank Gore. The dude got football. Like he would pick stuff out before I would pick it out. He'd start yelling at the lineman about what technique to use. Like there he is, he is the teach tape on how to be a pass, protecting running back. And he is also the teach tape on how to be a gap scheme. Running, running back. Like the dude was unbelievable. I gotta play with Ahad Bradshaw from Bluefield West Virginia. Yeah. Right. Like he's a dog and tough. He caught eight touchdown passes one year. Like that. That part of that part of football. I think, you know, honestly grateful. Like yeah, I got paid and I get to make choices in life that I know others don't. I get privilege and, and it's amazing.


But like, it's more that like you, I got to play football. I got to throw a ball to my friends and like nerd out over snap. Like who gets to get a portion of my salary went to, to finding, to finding a better snap count. Yeah. I got paid to sit in a room and then go out to practice and think about and talk to left tackles and guys all this. Alright. This week guys, we're gonna use black as the color. That's the, the live color. We're gonna do a triple count. We're gonna say it three times. We're gonna go say go hot and then I'm gonna go kill, kill, kill. 'cause last week we did kill, kill, kill. And we ran the ball and then we're red 80 ready hot, hot, hot. And then we're gonna go black 80 by, you know, like Yeah. It was awesome. You kidding? What type of life is That? That is awesome. It's great. And Now I get to be back in football in a different capacity.


Yeah. With Stanford at an alma mater that I love. And, and people are counting us out and they're wrong to count us out. Yeah. So get on early just like the US national team. Yeah. Now's the time. And, and, and this, this interview has been everything we wanted for, you know, it's been a seven year wait. Yeah. And I wanna say that this has been so awesome to have you here. And also you're making us better podcasters. 'cause you've got a little emotional there. And you mentioned Frank Gore and I didn't mention the fact that he has enormous balls. And I used to take videos of him running without a, you know, any type of underwear on his balls would be flopping everywhere. Big Cat wouldn't have done that. I I was this close to saying it, but I was like, you know what, let me let Andrew finish his moment. So thank you for making us better.


That's good discipline Cat. I'm really proud of you. If they zoom it on my face, I was just like, I'm really proud of you. Safe freight. Cor has huge balls. They're, they're pulling, look at this. Look at the picture and how big his balls are. That's insane. If there's not, I think you Get the show now. If there's not one pass to remember you by what? About a half? What about that playoff game against Kansas City? Yeah. Yeah. How cool was that? We've had some good halves like that also been part of some bad halves. Yeah. Some of them in New England. But How fun was that? How fun was that Hack? Yeah, that was cool. Actually, Alex and I were talking of Alex is Alex Smith's awesome, by the way. I mean, like, you want a role model in life. Like, that dude is cool.


But we were talking about that recently. We, we live not too far from each other and get to run into each other every now and then. And that one, I was glad to be on the other side of it. The ball bounced our way. I think they, they lost like four guys in the secondary throughout the game. Right. So like, we were rolling, but I do remember one play from that game. We were in a timeout And we had fleener, TY and another receiver. I wasn't sure who ready to go. I don't know what down in distance this was. But we were sitting there, pep and I were talking Pep Hamilton at the time. We were sitting here like, let's switch. You know, originally Kobe was supposed to run a clear out post and TY was gonna get the corner. And I was like, I, I think, I think one of us, or either TY was like, they can't run with him right now.


Like they, they just can't run with TY Hilton. Right. So let's put TY on the post and Kobe on the corner. So we came outta the timeout, we did it. I remember looking in the huddle at TTY and saying something like, run motherfucker. Like run, like run. Right. You you're gonna get it. Like you're gonna get it. And ba used to Bruce used to just call TY little motherfucker, come on little motherfucker. Come on, come on, come on on. It's All the time. And oh, is that what cussing on, on, on podcast? Feels like that's a Good feeling. But so, so he did, he he ran and he took the top off and the ball And we, you know, protected it up and the ball made it there and he scored.


But it was fun to feel like the first half was everything could go wrong and the second half was sort of, everything was just going right. It was an awesome game. It was a great game. It was an awesome game. Well Andrew, thank you so much man. We really appreciate it. You recurring guest now. So you have to come on any time we ask. I don't know if you knew that you didn't read the fine print for That, so That's right. You're Stanford fans now, so. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, we Wanna know That. Yeah. And we wanna push Stanford. 'cause you know, little old Stanford needs, you know, some NIL money. We'll help you. Stanford doesn't need anything. You guys got it? Turn that fire hose on. All Right. Me and Big Cat, we're also thinking about, as quarterbacks, we wanna start a company that just need one drop of blood and then you could examine that and then you could change the world.


Does, do you have contacts that can help Us? There's, there's old Theranos office space. Yeah, I think that's available. Okay. Okay. We're in. Good. Let's do it. Yep. We're in. Come Play quarterback. No, good luck. Yeah. We'll be rooting for you. Yeah, we will. Yeah. I mean, it, it's fun when Stanford gets in the mix. I mean those your guys' teams with Harbaugh was they, it was fun just watching you, especially like watching Pete Carroll be like, this isn't supposed to be happening. Like, Stanford's not supposed to beat us. Like it would, it was just fun to watch. So I I had fun watching Stanford after too. Yeah. Watching Christian McCaffrey and Bryce love on and Coach Shaw's teams and yeah, we'll get there. Yeah. Great basket too. Yeah. Great. The best The tree. Yeah. Thanks so much Andrew.


Appreciate it man. My pleasure.


Andrew. Luck was brought to you by Dove Mens. As you prepare to host your big game celebrations, what are some possible whole body odor related issues that you might encounter that might make you feel a little less confident in your hosting duties? Maybe taking your shoes off, maybe you're afraid that your feet stink, maybe sitting down on the couch next to somebody that you kind of know but don't really know that well. And you sit down and you catch a whiff and for a second and you think to yourself, is that me? That can't be me. Well, you can tackle whole body odor with dove men plus care, whole body dio. If you're afraid to take your shoes off when you're going to your friend's house. If you're getting nervous that your team's down at halftime, you think you might be stinking a little bit. We'll tackle whole body odor with Dove men plus care whole body. Do this whole body do defends against all your odor zones from pits, privates, feet. And it's long lasting with 72 hour odor protection. Find dove men whole body do at Walmart today. Spray up, I'm Spray right now. Spray up. It actually smells really good in the studio right now. It does. Might be because it is Sunday night And we haven't lived in here all week yet. But my money's on it coming from Dove men's and their whole body do.


And now here's our good friend Brian Windhorst. Okay, we now welcome on our very, very good friend. It is Brian Windhorse. He is an insider. You can see him on ESPN. You can listen to the Hoop Collective, a great great podcast. All things thank you. NBA windy. We called, we hit, we hit the windy bat phone basically was like, Hey, can you please come on for 10 minutes to tell us what's going on? You have not slept. You're all the way in LA now. Yeah. What the hell's going on, Kat? I, in in my career, never have I had my phone go crazy like this. I'm talking about players, head coaches, assistant coaches, executives, referees, agents, lawyers, workout guys, you know, and they all had the exact same question.


We don't understand what, don't we understand what what's going on? And I don't have a great answer. This was, this is one of the most shocking transactions I've, and I, I mean, I can't speak to the NHL or whatever. It's one of the most shocking transactions in American sports history. Yeah. For the magnitude and the way it came outta the blue. Yeah. So, so let's talk about that part first. So this shocked everyone. So were the Mavs just, they weren't shopping Luca, they just did a deal with the Lakers. Is that, is that correct to say? Yeah, so as far as I understand, and like, I'm gonna be honest with you, I don't have the full 360 of this yet. I'm, I'm trying, but picture this like, you had a really nice house, all right.


And you wanted to sell the house. What, how would you go about that? Would you put it on the market to get a lot of offers? Probably. And let's say you had somebody that you specifically wanted to sell it to, you wouldn't sell it to that person for a discount. Because if you're gonna buy something off market, you know, if it's something of high quality, which Luca, Dante certainly is, you have to, you have to overpay for it. Like, if I, if I'm gonna keep this off the market, you gotta pay me like everything I want. So think of, think of Luca like, like a super nice beach front house. But that's not what happened here. This was a pocket sale that went down where they got a discount, the Lakers got a discount.


That's not to put down Anthony Davis, but Luca is a 25-year-old in, you know, not even in his prime yet. Megastar, I mean, Luca Duch has made more first team all MBAs than Steph Curry has. Yeah. Okay. So the fact that this trade would happen, that they would trade a 25-year-old in their own conference, where if this goes sideways, they could be beat over the head with this for the next decade to do it. You know, clandestinely where it doesn't hit the open market and, and to do it like in this nature is just absolutely nobody can get their mind around it. Yeah, Yeah. I've seen some people say that the, the Mavs are in Win now mode.


They, they were already winning. Now I don't, I don't understand what, like what, what addition, how is this going to help them win now more than Luca would Basically, they're like, okay, we're not gonna take the 25-year-old with warts. Definitely has issues, definitely could hold him back. Like no doubt about it. But they're basically like, okay, we're gonna take the 31-year-old and the 33-year-old or whatever, Kyrie's 33 or 34, and we're gonna say that's what we're gonna do. Yeah. And who guys, who knows what they could have gotten if it was on the open market. Like there's some teams out there that are holding enormous amounts of draft picks. So granted you wouldn't have Anthony Davis, but Mikhail Bridges got five first round picks.


Mikhail Bridges never been an all star. Luca has been first team all NBA five times he's 25. Right. It's, it's Shocking. And then the one, yes, the one piece that nobody's talking about, the Utah Jazz were involved in this trade. Why was that? Oh, Can, can you imagine? This is what I'm thinking. Justin Zani and Danny h can you imagine they get a phone call and that last couple of days, Hey, we need you to take on a salary as part of a deal. Okay. Who's it gonna be? Jalen Hood. Shino. Okay. Maybe we'll do it for a second round pick. What's the trade? Oh, it's Luca Don Chi for Anthony Davis. I'm sorry, what did you just say? Like, the jazz is rolled in the situation. Like they must have been, can you imagine them on these conference calls?


Yeah. Like they, like the, I would pay good money to see the video of them listening to the conference call going, do you believe this? Like they're putting it on mute. They're gonna do it. Can you believe they're actually gonna do it? They're gonna give Luca to the Lakers. Yeah, yeah. We'll take the 20, 25 second. Yeah. Okay. Back on mute. Oh my God, I can't believe this. Like, this is Unbeliev. I can't even imagine what it was like in the jazz offices the last couple days. Yeah. And, and, and the Luca, like personally, he had to have been shocked. He also loses out on the Supermax. So how much, how, how much money does he end up losing because he can't now sign a supermax with the Lakers. He could have with the Mavs. How much money does he end up losing out on? It might be a hundred million dollars. Jesus.


So, you know, I I I'm not Bobby Marks, I don't have the numbers right in front of me. But here's the thing. When you supermax means you get 5% more of the cap per year. It's something like, it's worth like something like 70 or 80 million. The difference between getting the Supermax or not the Supermax at Lucas' spot. So part of that is an extra year that you get, which would be at like 50, 60 million. He's eventually gonna play that year and get money. But he also is, when you build your next contract off, you're, you're building it off a lower contract. So that's a lot of mumbo jumbo. It's tens and tens and tens of millions. Plus he plays in Texas right now for like half or so of his games.


He pays no state tax. Now he goes to California where he is gonna pay 14% state tax for, you know, almost all of his games. Yeah. Most of his home games and all those games in California, it's gonna cost him millions of dollars a year in state tax. Now I'm not saying like that is why that makes a big difference, but you tack out all that on it's potentially a hundred million dollars, you know, slap in the face to this guy who thought he was gonna be a maverick for a long time. Yeah. So, so was there any inkling that the Mavs were, were thinking about like, was there any like, just through sourcing, like Luca is not happy or the Mavs aren't happy. So it was really as shocking. As shocking could be. I mean, I think the Mavs are frustrated, have been frustrated with him.


I mean, he's a guy who frustrates you. He's also a guy who's so amazing. You live with it. Right. And certainly at age 25, I mean maybe in a couple of years if the, if the things weren't working out, if he had a couple more, you know, pouting sessions where he killed him in the playoffs. But age 25, if there's a, if there is a reason why this happened, like a, a precipitating event, maybe that is true. I don't know it. And I'll say something else. There's people that have been trying to figure out like, well why did the Lakers do it? Was there like an issue with AD and JJ Reddick? Was there an issue with ad and LeBron, the Lakers did it because they got Luca Doni, right? The end, right, the end. That's, you know, I know that they were probably annoyed that ad did that interview with Sha Sani the other day where he was like, get me a center.


I'm sure that didn't make the Lakers weak, but they did this 'cause Luca Doni. Right. That's why they did it. They have now a succession plan for LeBron. Now how does LeBron work into this where it's like, does LeBron say from a basketball fit, I don't know how much it fits, but you just figure that out later. 'cause it's Luca and you just go get 'em, like you said, but is this LeBron like, Hey, I'm gonna play for three more years now 'cause I Got Luca with me. Yeah, so we're waiting to hear on that. So I, I'm not gonna speculate on that. I do know that LeBron has an incredible affinity for Luca. He's loved him for a long time. There's some, you know, he's tried to get into business with him at different occasions. They actually, I think, fit together beautifully because you can take the stress off of LeBron having to play so much point guard, but they can, they can kind of play together.


I, I could see LeBron being like, this could help me extend my career. Because one of the things that's happened over the last few years is LeBron has wanted Anthony Davis to take on more of a role. He's really been like pushing that and supporting that. Not just because Anthony Davis is a really good player, but because LeBron's like, I can't carry this load. So I could see LeBron saying I'm bought in here. I could also see teams calling the Lakers and saying, Hey, you just picked up a 25-year-old. Do you wanna offload your 40-year-old? Now LeBron has no trade clause, but I could see that those calls coming. I will say this though, the Lakers roster is now lopsided. They have no center starting quality center.


Their best center right now is Jackson Hayes. So they gotta find a trade between now and Thursday where they get some sort of center. Also Austin Reeves, I'm not sure how he fits. This is actually one of the amazing things about this trade is that the Lakers did this deal and somehow are still holding a first round pick 2031 and holding Austin Reeves. Yeah, nobody understands that. But they still have those two things. And maybe there's a world where Austin Reeves stays, Reeves is having a great year, but Reeves is only really successful when he has the ball. Right. And now he's gonna be down the line. So we'll see what happens. That may not be something that happens till later. They may try it out, but they now have too many ball handlers. They have no perimeter defense and no rim protection.


So the Lakers have been on this, they, they've won eight out of 10, they've been playing really good. Now their team's a little lopsided. So Lakers are gonna have to make some, you know, make some more, more moves and either by Thursday or certainly by the summer. Yeah. Very important question. Who gets the last shot? Mm, That's the most important question. Yes. Like, Let's, one shot, let's Let, let's open first take with that tomorrow one shot. I'm gonna speak to Mr. Smith about, about setting that up. One shot. And if it's not LeBron, will LeBron be happy that he's not getting the last shot? I think in all honesty, I think you want the Paul and Lucas hands. Yeah. Yeah. I think LeBron would, I think LeBron would agree with that.


So is there another domino that's about to fall? I feel like there has to be right. Definitely. No, definitely. I mean there's gonna be, I I kind of wonder, you know how in college, so right, right now there's like all these sort of large contract players that are sort of just dangling on the market. Zach Levine, Brandon Ingram, Jimmy Butler, de Fox. This is, I feel like this could be like, you know how when the conferences and college like realign, like there's all this sort of tension and then like one team, one conference makes a move and then there's like 17 other conferences and next thing you know, Boise State is in the a CC. That is what could happen here. Not for sure, but there's been sort of pent up stuff. This could be a cascading thing that ends up re leading to some major movement.


By Thursday we thought this is gonna be a quiet deadline. We should have known better. Yeah. What if Rob Palka last night, he's doing this deal and the Mavs say we're ready to do this deal, but we demand Brony. Does he still do the Deal? Big Cat. That is a amazing question. Thank you. Thank you. Here's the thing, like I actually believe that LeBron didn't know. I know people don't believe that, really, but I think the reason they didn't, I think they don't tell LeBron because they don't want it on LeBron. He's gotta make a decision on ad or not. Right? I don't think they want that. So, but it would've been fascinating if they were like, we gotta have Brony, we need some minutes at the backup, backup, backup wing.


You know, they would have to go to LeBron and I gotta believe that LeBron would say, send us Luca. Oh man. You know, bro. But that is, that is remarkable. Yeah. Fascinating. All right, one last question for you. Woody Gun to your head, where does Jimmy Butler end up Guys? I'm not sure he is getting traded. Hmm. Wow. I think it's either gonna be Phoenix or Golden State, but Phoenix can't seem to find a home for Bradley Beal. And they've been trying for six weeks. And I don't know if that's gonna happen the next four days. And the Warriors have other options and you know, I think if it happens, I think Golden State is more likely than Phoenix. But I, you know, but I gotta tell you something, the easiest way you can look like a fool right now is to try to predict this trade deadline prediction for the trade deadline.


That business is over because nobody saw this one coming. Yeah, Yeah.


Alright, Wendy, I got one last question. Rollback question RHO bac k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q zps polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take.


What do we say to Mavs fans? Because I feel very bad for Mavs fans. They woke up, they thought you got a guy like Luca, he's 25, we know what the NBA is. You need a top five player to win a championship. They had Luca in their minds for the next decade, and then they wake up and Luca's not there anymore. What, what hap like, I, I don't even know how the fan base reacts to something like this. The only thing I can say is that when Nico Harrison, their GM did the Kyrie Irving deal two years ago, I thought it was a terrible mistake. I thought that would not work. I did not think Nico made a smart move. I told this to him, to his face. I I, I saw him a few days after the deal and I said, good luck with this one. 'cause Kyrie's situation in Brooklyn had gone so poorly and Nico knew what he was doing.


He knew the, he knew the, you know, Nico was previously at Nike for 20 years. His number one client was, was Kobe Bryant, by the way. His agent was Rob Poka. I think that might have had something to do with, there's a relationship that goes back 20 years with Rob Poka. I'll do it for sure. They, they, they, they first started doing business together in 2003 when Kobe came from Adidas to Nike, which in today's day and age would be a massive story back then was like Sports Business Journal. But, but Nico, when he did that deal with Kyrie Irving, he's like, this is what I think our team needs. I believe in it. I thought it was a mistake. It's turned out to be a genius move. It's totally transformed the franchise.


So I will just say, while I don't understand this, and I think this is potentially a catastrophic mistake, Nico Harrison has got some capital with the Mavs fans. But my God, if Luca turns into this, if this pushes him into like focusing on the right things and getting rid of some of his bad habits, and the Lakers have another era and Luca has a statue outside crypto and Luca puts up more banners, Nico Harrison will live an infant. Oh yeah. And that is, that is on the table right now. It is absolutely on the table. What Were those business deals that you were talking about with Luca and LeBron? So LeBron really wanted Luca to be in his shoe brand at Nike.


LeBron hasn't had guys like that. It's not been like Jordan, where like guys wore his shoe and he wanted Luca to be the first guy to like be the, in the LeBron shoe. And he like recruited him and everything and he ended up going with Jordan. And I'm sure Nike made that choice as well. But like, he really, really wanted him to be in there. And then of course he drafted him in the draft Yeah. In the all-star draft. Yeah. But he drafted a bunch of guys in the All star draft. Half of 'em, he's gotten on his team. Half of him he has. So I'm not, I'm not sure what's going what, what, what, what to make of that. Alright, Well Wendy, you're the best. Thank you for picking up the bat phone. Get some sleep And we will talk to you. Hey, enjoy the Super Bowl guys. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We're off right now. We got a flight right now, so thank you.


Take care much.


Wendy was brought to you by Chevy. Chevy has packed more capability into the Silverado Trail Boss so that you can pack more fun into your weekend. Have yourself a fryer, a Saturday and Sun Funer with a truck that says no to nothing. Tailgates spontaneous camping trips, DIY projects. Bring it on with about a cross country road trip. Silverado was the perfect ride for last year's grit. Week out west. And recently they helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the low man award going to Tyler Crow of Boise State. Well the Silverado Trail boss is built like a fullback. We're talking 495 foot pounds of torque. Hold onto those sodas max. Plus the trail boss gives you an extra two inch lift. So maybe Hank can finally dunk. Silverado brings the grit, then pairs it with the latest truck tech inside and out the result. A truck that can do it all. Then show up on Monday with a story to tell. Check out the Silverado Trail boss@chevy.com. Chevrolet. Together. Let's drive.


Okay, let's wrap up. We got two things we gotta do. We gotta do Monday reading and max, you want to, while PFT pulls up the Monday reading, we were gonna do this every single day, every single show this week. Score prediction for the Super Bowl. And you're allowed to change it however you feel like if you're not feeling too super confident right now. And then by Friday you finally put on some Eagles gear and you feel confident you can change it. Right now I'm gonna go 32, 24 Eagles. 32. How'd you get to 32? Couple two point conversions. Okay. Couple of them. Maybe. Maybe none of them. Is that a, is that a missed extra point in there?


Two missed section points. Maybe it's four touchdowns, all with two point conversions. Touch pushes is all of them. Four touchdowns to all two point conversions. Okay. Two. And do you think that chiefs get there? You said 24, right? 24. Is that four? Is that like backdoor? 24? Like you're smoking 'em? Yeah, they're Leading, They're up 30. They're up 32, 21 with five minutes to go. But I Thought your final score was 32. 32 3 32 24. Okay. And then they, they get a field goal to make it a one possession game. Okay. And then they don't get the ball, they don't get The ball, they don't get the ball back. Wow. What, what was the halftime score?


1710. Wait, no, I thought it was, I Dunno, I thought it was two. They can't get 17, 10 if They 16. 10. Okay. Yep. Sixteen, ten two touchdowns. Two, two point convers. And I don't know how, how I get to 21 though. What's the best commercial? 16. No, 16. Seven. No, 16, 10. And then the, the chiefs are like, oh, we gotta start going for two. Yeah. Right. So then Right, Right, right. Then it's 24 18 and it's field goal. I have it all taught out. Out. Yeah. Don't worry about it. Alright. So Monday Reading, do this really nice Monday reading. What Is it about PFT Monday? Well, it's the time capsule. It's Oh yeah. Yeah. It's the part of my take time. Super Bowl. What? We do a cyber Super bowl. Every Super Bowl. Every Super Bowl. Yeah. We actually do. Yeah. So we're gonna flash back a random moment and Pardon My Take history.


Okay. This, I hope you do a Super Bowl week moment. It actually is. Oh wow. So it's exactly one year ago today. Wow. On the Sunday that we were flying out to Las Vegas. Remember we landed in Adam Schefter tweeted out that thing about the commanders have arrived at the Super Bowl. Yeah. That whole thing. We're recording, we're watching the Grammys. Miley Cyrus look fantastic. And I get a text 'cause I took a picture of Miley Cyrus on the tv and Max was actually in the picture that I, I took and I tweeted it out and I got a text from our good friend from the Diana Rossini show. Mm. Diana Rossini, the host, the co-host of Diana Rossini. And she said, you said Diana Rossini.


I know, I I don't like listening to this. Does Max live in New York? And I said, max, who I sat next to a guy in a plane who is really big, is Max Big, whoever you just posted a picture of. Ha ha ha. Yes. He was in New York this weekend. She says he's disgusting. He ate his food on the plane like a monster was basically breathing heavy and smelled terrible. Don't tell him I said it, but I was so grossed out. And then I sent her a picture, this picture right here of Max. So that was this the guy, it's Max wearing a Sixers shirt. Ask him if he sat aisle row.


If so, he farted during his naps. It was United business. He sat right next to me ripping them during the nap with I think six or seven peas there. He's one of the most disgusting human beings I've ever sat next to. Ask him if he scarfed some burrito sandwich before we took off. I said, yeah, it's him. And she says he's definitely single parentheses cute face by the way. Ooh, what a, what a nice thing to say. Cute face. Cute face. Cute Face. Cute face. Yeah. Oh yeah. He was completely in his own world. He smelled of hungover. He's also very unhealthy. Two sodas. Did you write this down or something?


Amazing level of detail. I asked her, she says, no, I observed. I was so grossed out and bothered. God damnit I thought it was done. I, the people get the point. I said, by the way, I said two Sodas. I said, you're a great reporter. She said, thank you. He listens to his music way too loudly. I'm very concerned about Max's overall health. He's gonna die by 25. He was blasting techno. He's 29 right now. He just farted and belch. Prove her wrong. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. I don't wanna be mean-spirited, but I change poopy diapers six to eight times a day. She needs to relax and his skirts smelled like my kid's diaper genie. I recently read about a guy who got kicked off a plane for farting so much and I texted my husband and said, I want this guy kicked off.


Swear to God. So That was a year ago today. And now you guys are the best of friends. I now I I that made me want to hate her again. Oh, that's the best Cute face by the way. Yeah. Time capsule Monday. Reading time capsule. We always do that. We always, we literally, it's a yearly tradition. It's a yearly tradition. And I think we'll probably can't wait for next year. I wonder what we're gonna do for next year's. Oh my God. Ripping farts, disgust. I don't think I was disgusting human being. I don't think I was ripping fart. One thing I I noticed about Max on, on today's plane ride, when he falls asleep, he tucks his arms. He pulls his arms all the way inside of his sleeves and then wraps them around his stomach inside of his shirt.


So he is like hugging himself with just these loose arm sleeves hanging off to the side. It's very bizarre. Well, That was on a plane. It was a little chilly. It's almost like a blanket if you do it like that. Yeah. Yeah. I get that. Hank took a nice nap, got a little cranky when he woke up. We had to play the game wake like he was gonna wake hank up because it's gonna be, and It just had to be me. Yeah. Hank, do you want to educate the people on some of the stuff that you were saying? No. Come on just a little bit. No, But all this stuff keeps happening. Listen, there's, there's a lot of things going on in the world that I, why aren't we talking about the bridge? People moved on from the bridge. Listen, we're in New Orleans. People moved on from New Orleans. It's a serious subject. You guys are trying to make light of it. I was just trying to, you know, have some playful banter on the plane. What, what, what should we, should we bring up the bridge in New Orleans?


Like every episode? No, it's just, it's not, it wasn't you guys specifically. I didn't say what we should be talking about on the show, but we're part of the media As, as we reminded Hank of, of all these things That we're talking about. The underwater, underwater volcano in the dolphins. Yep. Dolphins are swimming away. That's Not a conspiracy. Volcanoes do go off underwater volcanoes. Yeah. I think it goes off once every like 50 years Probably gonna be an earthquake. Are you gonna think that's related? Well, yeah. To the, to the bridge? No, no, no, no, no. You guys are trying to paint me and, and and label me crazy and, and, and put this narrative out there and that's fine. No, Hank does think that we're part of the problem. Oh yeah. You're you're simulation bull. You're fucking what I told Hank, I was like, the reason why we don't think about these things is 'cause life's hard enough and you just gotta kind of move on and keep it moving.


And he just looked at me like, you fuck it. You're part of the problem. Yeah. Okay. Good. Show boys. Yeah. Hank National Sports Podcast. Use your voice. Yeah. Sports podcast. Speak up. Sports and bridge. We got a big weekend. Nola. Big week Nola. How many gumbos so far? I just had one. Just one. But I'm about to have two Go Over nightcap. Okay. Nightcap. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna end up having two today as well. We should get a total gumbo for the whole crew, for the four of us. How many gumbos we have? Have you had one you're About to have? No, I'm about to have One. I don't think, I think we, I'm make it all a week, but I'm, I'm, No, I wanna try. It feels good. All the things though. Like, I want a po boy, I want some catfish, I want some shrimp and grits. Like I'm, I'm, I'm gonna try and like poke all the things.


This isn't helping. And then, and then diet starts next week. Yeah, I was gonna say, this isn't helping the Diana Time Cats Diet starts Next week. This is sodium week. You're, I mean, you're, aren't you going on vacation Two weeks? You're So you're gonna, and I'm, and it's you skiing, so you're gonna start a diet a week before vacation. Skiing is basically a fitness vacation. Yeah, That's so true. Yeah. You're going on a fitness vacation. Yes. Oh, all right. Alright. Well we did the lottery ball back in the studio, so let's kick it to ourselves. Numbers boys. I'm gonna go with 76. I'm gonna go three. I'm gonna go 40, 11.


I'm gonna go 2, 2 11. That's the one I I, I guessed correctly for PFT. That's the one I got. No, that's the one. You got PFT. That's my, that's my ball. 71. That looked like 11. Yeah. Someone guess 11. Oh, max Maxi, maxi. Maxi be b max. Love you guys.