
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we've got a twofer for the people. We have Auburn head coach Bruce Pearl, getting ready for the final four. Great. Talk with him. Some basketball talk Blobs and Slobs. Great time with him. And then we also have Minu Lee fresh off of his big win on Sunday. Sy jacuzzi. Sy jacuzzi. Woozy jacuzzi. Woozy jacuzzi. Woozy jacuzzi. We're gonna talk about the NFL League meetings.


New rules that come out. We have some Hot Seat, cool throne. We have FAQs, listener FAQs, and it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings.


Hey, basketball fans, are you ready to win real money? Check out. Pick six from DraftKings When it comes to basketball payouts, DraftKings, pick six dunks on its rivals, including prize picks. When you hit all your picks, you'll slam home higher. Minimum payouts on pick six, then Flex plays on prize picks. And best of all, you'll win even more cash if you post rise the competition. Track your picks for a shot of huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. Don't settle for a smaller payout. Switch to pick six and cash in your basketball knowledge. New players get 50 in pick six credits instantly on just a $5 entry. The fun of the basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5, get $50 in. Pick six credits. Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age in eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go Football. My of my, yeah, my Welcome to part of my take presented by Draft Kings. The fun of the basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now. And use code take. That's code take for for new customers to play.


$5, get 50 in, pick six credits. Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, April 2nd. And boys, we got a new league year, right? We got a new, oh wait, that happened last week. We got a, It's the odds of March. Oh, The odds of March. The owners' meeting in Orlando. And we have new rules, some not new rules. And Henry Lockwood, our insider, has been tasked with giving us the lowdown on all of it. Well, Big Cat kind of buried the lead there. Big Cat. The NFL is doubling down on sportsmanship in 2025. Oh. Per the NFL. Is this one of your new rules? Hank, Say It again.


The NFL has decided to double down on sportsmanship next season. That's what Troy Vincent said. The executive vice President. That is not on my official list. It's, it's a great headline that I saw in pro football talk today. And Jake Marsh somewhere is smiling from the clouds. God rest his soul double sports. Him and Nolan. Nolan Richardson. Yeah. Very happy to see that, that sportsmanship on the way back. Terry Bradshaw, they were Talking about the Yeah, they were talking about the, the nose thing specifically. They're like, yeah, that's a blood symbol. You can't be doing that anymore. But yeah, Hank, there's a lot of, a lot of rule changes. We're probably gonna have to revisit this sometime in August. Yeah. So there's, there's rules changes, there's bylaw changes and there's approved resolutions.


And you have it all. I have it all. Holy Shit. You Keep, you've, you've tasked me with this and you keep saying you're excited and, and I feel like I'm missing something. 'cause by my research there was two rule changes Okay. That are significant or like will affect anything. Okay. What? Anything else? And where we going? You had Talked, well, we have the bylaws and the resolutions, but those, those aren't really rule changes. But you have them. Yes. Okay. What, what, where's the, when does the gotcha moment happen? There Is no gotcha Moment. Hank is on edge right now. You think it's well, You Keep being like you have 'em, you have 'em. And I keep feeling you're gonna be like, well you don't have this. No, I actually have, I wanted you to do the res I I get excited when you do research and I want to hear them from you.


Okay. And then we can discuss. So let's Start with the rule changes Overtime is officially adopting the playoff rule. So both teams will get a possession no matter what. Both teams get a possession no matter what. How long is the Overtime? 10 minute period. Okay. Okay. So that now we're gonna have to recalibrate because you win the coin toss. You don't want the ball first. Correct? You Correct. Don't want the ball first. Okay. 'cause then you want to know if you need to go for two on a touchdown. It's 49 score a touchdown. Yeah. That is the 49 ERs. And then the how are we, How are, how are people gonna complain about this new rule more? I don't know. 'cause you know how overtime works. We change the rules every year. This one's gonna, and then everyone's like, well this is not fair for this reason.


It's gonna be the NFL doesn't care about player safety because there's gonna be more plays during overtime. Got it. That's, that's the angle we're gonna go with. Got it. And then the other one, or A tie, there's more likely a tie and people complain if there's a tie. Yeah, that's true. That could definitely like a field goal. Field goal. Yep. Everyone's like, well this is fucking bullshit. Okay. But you get the point. You do Get a point. You get a point for it. Yeah. The other one, which was done it seemingly to encourage kickoff returns and having teams kick it into the landing zone and not just outta the end zone. Is that, is A guy standing in the end zone saying, return this? No. That would've been a good rule if you just had a guy like drunk underneath the goalposts saying You should, you should really return this.


Run it back Pussy. Yeah. You got this dude, I see the, I see the hole right there. Yep. This is the Sam Schwartzstein rule. I think we predicted this after week one of last season, which was they're, they're experimenting with the kickoff and then what they'll do next year to make it less likely for teams to just kneel the ball out is make the touchback further out. Yeah. Eventually they'll just get to all Sam's rules. Yeah. By the way, if you hate this rule, his name's Sam Schwartzstein and he ruined football. Hank, Previously, if you kicked the ball outta the end zone, the, you would get the ball at the 30. Now it's going to be the 35, which would encourage teams to not kick the ball outta the end zone to try and get a return so you can stop him short of the 35. I Like that.


Okay. There's also some alignment. There's different ways, a different way to align, which I don't know how that's gonna look. Have they fixed onside kicks? Nope. See anything about here? They tabled that one. Okay. Onside kicks. And I think they pushed the tush push ruling. Yeah, they Tabled that one too. I would like them to do a ruling. Does that mean there's no resolution though? There's No resolution. It means that they're going to look at it again at the next meeting. I wish they would, But still this year. Possibly, yes. I wish we could do a resolution to ban all talk about the tush push. Why? Because I'm sick of every, it's gonna happen. They're not gonna change it again. And I'm pro tush push.


I'm sick of them talking about the tush push and whether they should be banned or not. Just fucking either figure out how to do it yourself or figure out how to stop it. It's gaining momentum though. That's the problem is now they're up to 16 teams that voted to ban it. Right. Now there's More, there's more pushers, there's more Support for the tush push. Elon got involved. He was one of the, the cheese head supporting the Green Bay Packers. Yeah. So I, I feel like at some point it's gonna be banned. Again, it shouldn't be banned. The only thing that you can do, you can say, I don't think the defense is allowed to push their guys, but you should allow the defense to also push to be able to be allowed to push, push on that side. I Forget if we had this conversation, max, but you should be rooting for it to be banned. Right. I don't really care.


But, but in, if you're an Eagles fan, in a weird way, I think that they'll be able to do it no matter what. With Jalen Hurts whether you push or not. But if you're an Eagles fan, don't you want it banned so you can be like, we were so good. They had to make a rule against us. Yeah, I kind of, yeah, I kind of said that on. Yeah. Yeah. You said that. Yeah. The other day. Yeah. Right. I, I don't really care. I think it, it'll be fun to be like, oh, we're so, we're so good. Right. My favorite thing though, And it also stops anyone from getting better at it than you because that's always out there that like, someday some team could get better at it than you. And then it becomes what they're known for. If you ban it right now, it's the perfect time for it to be banned.


For the Eagles to go out on top of We were so good. You, you made a rule against us. Yeah. No, I'm not worried about that. I like as, as long as we have our, we, as long as we have Jalen hurts And we, And we have our offensive line, like we're, we're gonna be the the best at it. Yeah. I've drilled down on this a little bit more. So the one way that could make the, the goal line push more effective, like a better QB sneak. You sign the Grizzler Mm. You get the grizzler on the lions from The Arizona ice tea And then you get Yeah. Then you get Pane Se to throw him over the goal line. I like That. I think that that's unstoppable. Like The little cannonball. Yeah. Yeah. Either way I would like them to ban, talk about the tush push.


I'm, I'm tired of, of them debating it. I'm tired of them pretending it's player safety and then being like, let's add another game or add more overtime. It's not player safety. It's never, whenever they say player safety, it's never player safety. If they say player safety about the tush push, it's a hundred percent bullshit. Because I don't think there was a single injury on the tush push. There's never been any Whoa, whoa. Never been. I'm getting, it's actually the safest play in sports. I feel like we have someone listening into us. Big Dom is calling me right now. Should I pick up shit? We can cut it. Yeah. Ask him about the tush push. All right, big dom. Hey, you're, you're live right now. We'll cut it if you need to talk or I can call you back. Hey. No, I, it's all right. I, I, I just gotta ask you a question. I wanted to run by you.


We got, we're not sure. It's gonna be like week, week, 10, week, maybe 11. We're thinking 11. I got one ticket to go meet Trump at the White House. Okay. And we gonna, we're gonna go with the team. And I got one ticket and I thought I'd call you guys and see if, see if our guy Max wanted to come with the team to the White House. We're we're, we're going to the White House. None of that. Whoa. White House. Maxi Max, white House. Maxi Max. I, I can't hear him. Max.


I I, Yeah. If I can go, if I can go with the team, I can. He, he's in. He's in. Alright. Hey Max, Can I, I don't think he can. He can't hear you. I'll relay the message. What were you gonna say, max? Yeah. No, I mean, that would be, he's in, that would be awesome. That's insane. Be insane. Can we leave this in the podcast big Dom? Or do you want us to cut it? No, no. You you, you can put it in there. You can put it in there. All right. I wanted to say, I know he missed a parade. We felt bad about that, but you know, Palant, Antonio's gonna be there. Meryl. Mike. Mike and Meryl gonna be there. What? Yeah. Is this an April Fools Max? Think this an April Fools big dom.


It's not an April Fools. All I, yeah, he's in In, he's in. Alright. All right. Well, thank you. Big Dom. Gotta do the, gotta do the background check. Okay. Yeah. All right. Yeah, he, he, that might be an issue. He cleared the I'm good. I'm good. The Fan behavior test. So he should be good. I love it. Thank you big dom. Any, any criminal stuff we should know about? No, I'm good. I'm Good. I'm he's good. He said he is good. He said he is good. He said he is good. Anything Because they, these guys, I gotta do this with all the guys. No, I'm clean. He clean. I'm clean. He's clean. Alright. Tell him tell him no posting with, with Hama. He's not Hamas with the Deal.


No, no, no, no, no. That will not happen. That will not happen. Deal. Alright. Alright. Thank you Big Dom. We're gonna try and talk him into the keeping the tush All we were just talking about that. We were just talking about that. Alright, well, well thank you. Big do I'll I'll hit you up or I'll have Max hit you up. Alright. Alright. Alright. See ya. What the fuck, max? That was, that was crazy. Max into the podcast. That was insane. Can we, do we keep that in was Insane? I don't know. Yeah, He said, he said it was fine. Do we I I feel like it's not fine. No, he said it was fine. I Plus that means week. 10 Weeks. Alright. I'm gonna call, I'm gonna call him back 'cause I feel like that's not fine.


Call back after. Don't call him back. Don't Yeah, call back after. Call back after. Call him back after. Alright. Hey big Dom, are you sure we can keep this in the podcast? Yeah. All right. All alright, we'll, we'll, we'll talk to you after. I need his, I I do need his social security number. Alright, we'll we'll get that. We'll, we'll we, we'll get it all out after. Okay. All alright. Alright. We'll talk to you later. Thank you Big dom. All. We'll, we'll cut that second call. Yeah, we'll cut that second call. Holy shit. That's insane. You're going to the White House With the Eagles. What the dude the fuck Super Bowl You might get in the picture. If You're in the picture. That'll be all time You gotta get I'm like Shocked.


I've midway through, I was like, oh, that has to be an April Fool's joke. No, he was, I mean he like, I think we maybe cut it, but like We ha That was insane. We should probably cut it just 'cause it'd be so good if he's actually those. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Okay. I mean that was incredible. That Was, that was, that was wild. That was wild. Alright. Chris Long didn't go, but, but you can go. No, he theoretically Something's happening. Jerry O'Connell just called me. What'd he say? Pick up. Do you think that was Jerry? No, it was big Dom. I, big Dom called me pick up, call Jerry back.


He probably has like some pole. He's so dumb. So, so, so dumb. Me Sell sodas with President Trump. Summed through the big Tom voice. Wait, Do the big dom boys. I knew it. I knew It didn't sound like big dom. I knew it didn't sound like him. This is bullshit. Trying to do a big dom. I knew it didn't sound like him. I knew it didn't sound like him. Gonna Get Tony Rooks. It's gonna be good. It's gonna be good.


I knew it didn't sound like you. That's I at least, at least I do have. Okay. Whatever. Oh man. I mean, max, you thought, you thought it might be an April Fool's joke, but you thought It was big Dom playing an April Fool's joke on You. He goes, wait, do you think Jerry, that was Jerry as big Dom. Oh man. Hank was trying to give you looks. Hey. No, no. I was trying to get you to hang up the phone 'cause it was so obviously not Big dog. Oh man, max, how did you like the only way he was gonna buy it is if you hung up, but Oh, I Knew. I Knew. No you didn't. No you didn't. I said April fool. I, at one point I was like, oh, this is April Fool. You thought it was Big Dog. Was Jerry's big? Do Shout out to Jerry. That was all Jerry's idea, by the way.


Yeah. He texted. Should we pull an April Fools joke on Max? Jerry loves April Fools. I don't know if you saw, but he did. Memes. Memes. That would've lasted months. Jerry, We memes you, you've been telling me all day how Wame April Fools jokes. That Was a good one. But if you get someone, We cut. I said this is April Fools. No, max. Don't act like you didn't just buy that. Don't act like I didn't just fucking say that. It was April Fools as it was going On. Everyone that's listening just heard you be like, oh my God. That was crazy. Should we cut that? Like, we'll cut that second part. You thought, you thought At the worst it was big Dom doing in April. Fools Jerry. I thought it didn't Big Cat goes sound. No. Max was like, alright, good.


I I thought it didn't sound like, thank God Big Cat told you that wasn't Jerry's big dom. Otherwise you might've thought it was Jerry texted us, me at Pft. He's like, he says Pizan, right. Should I say Pison a lot? This is bullshit. P He's like, maybe throw one in there. I'm Cutting. Don't No you're not. No you aren't. I edit the podcast. No you aren't. I edit the podcast. No, you aren't. You wanna join memes on the cut? I'll put out a director's cut. Yeah. We'll put out a director's cut. You guys are fucking Hank. You wanna edit this pod for old time sake? If, If, I mean, if Max, if we'll all listen to it for sure. And if Max doesn't, we'll put out the No, Obviously not gonna fucking cut it. How did you fall for that? I insane. For a second. I thought it was April Fools, but then Big Cat said it was big Dom.


So I did say this is April Fools. Yeah, but you did, I did say that. No, you, I thought it might have been The more I hear him, The more I Yeah. Max knew it all along. No, I didn't know it all along. Yeah. But, but I did. I was skeptical. I just, at one point at, I just at one point thought it was a joke. Like I also, that obviously doesn't sound like his voice. Yeah. Is it Obvious? I thought it Sounded a lot. I think our good friend Jerry's a great actor. I thought it sounded just Like big do. Jerry loves April Fools. He, he tweeted this morning after a number of closed door meetings. Adam Sheer and I have agreed to split duties managing Pardon My Take fantasy team. Ha ha. April Fools. I work alone. You want dark web shit.


I don't think you're supposed to do it all in one tweet. No, it's okay. He just put it all in one tweet max. It's okay. April Fools. He got you. Oh, he's always there. Oh, he's quitting. He's taking a break. That's he's taking a lap to the fact that he didn't, even when he was talking to Jerry, it took a second for me to say something for him to be like, oh shit. Memes. Or he is back. He's Back. I texted Hank to hang up. Oh Yeah, yeah. Like the, the, But I knew if you Max not figuring it out the first five seconds is like, max just thinks this is real. I couldn't believe it. Could not believe it. It's so easy to be the man in the fucking arena when it's not fucking happening to you. You pussy.


I've been in the Arena. No, no. I would've seen through that like a fucking, Yeah. It's a door. It's so easy to say It. Easy To say, April Max. What day is it right now? I said, fucking April Fools Hank. I said it. No, you said, I thought it might've been No, as it was going on, if you are fucking listening, I just like the a As it was going on, I said, oh, this is April Fools. I lo and then big and then My favorite part was you asking Big Cat if you thought it might've been cherry as big dom Because Like No, it wasn't Man in the arena. Hey, thank you Jerry O'Connell. You're the best. This is such, I fucking hate this show.


You guys are assholes. I I won't fucking leave You. We'll show you this, this, this. The text went exactly like this. He threw his headphones off. Threw, threw off again. Threw headphones off. Oh, This is my asshole. Oh, then here it is. This is Jerry. Jerry sent me in P-F-T-A-A-A voice message at 1120 this morning. It's Jerry o If you wanna do an April Fools prank with Max, I could call into the show and say, I'm big Dom. What is that big dom? Oh, that's, that's Big dom. And then go bing, bang man Z, it's Jerry Bing bang. He said us that. Oh fellas, you want me to call in his big dom and invite Max to the White House?


He said Yes. Absolutely. Dude, That's pretty cool. Oh man. Head on A swivel max. It's April Fools. You know how real he thought it was? Because he was like, we're gonna cut this part. Where is it okay if I go? He asked us that. Alright, where were we? Rule changes. And it Was asking for the, asking for the social security. Jerry was trying to blow it. I know, but Max couldn't have had no idea. Nope. There's a non-zero chance that Max does end up going to the White House because Somebody this Yeah, this could actually work on, he's screaming. Okay. There's no, your mic's not on. Do you want me to text Big Dom and ask him if he can, you can go, I'll send this clip to Big Dom and then we'll make it right.


This could be perfect. It could end perfectly. You could go to the White House with, with with the Eagles. Oh my God. I Just wanna stop talking about it. And we just go on and I, I never Wanted to be, oh, Jerry's calling me. No. Yeah, no. This is important. Oh man. Alright. He's calling. He's calling. It's okay. Max. You are calling him? No, he called me. I missed the call. He's crashing out. He's crashing out. Hey listen, everyone's gonna be there. We're gonna get south. He's taking off his headphones. Hey Max. Alright. I get it. I get it. This is just overplaying a fucking bit. Kings no ads.


They're serious about that. Alright, We'll talk to you later. Jerry. I be big Tom. Nothing, nothing about don't post about Hamas or nothing. You All you're gonna meet. Hey don't, don't tweet anything about these liberal judges. Well listen, it's gonna be fun to have you there. Hey, You know there's the damn cats in the treasury. Yeah, I thought it was, I thought it was Big Cat and I said not. It's one of the Doge guys. You got Max. You got a street park. 'cause Doge took all the parking spaces.


Alright. Alright on. Alright, we'll see you Jerry. I mean big Dom. Alright, bye. Memes. We might need to, we might need you to film Max editing this part of the Show. So I'm curious how many times he throws his headphones off at that point too. How did he fall? Oh, big do. Oh I couldn't, I mean Crazy Max memes. You didn't fall for it. You've met Big Don Multiple times. I was still in the studio when you showed PFD the call. Oh yeah, that's right. So you knew. You knew it was coming. Oh man, max, did you hear the thing about street parking? 'cause Doja took all the parking.


Alright. Tush push. I hope they ban. I hope they don't ban it. I hope they ban talking about it. Fair. Yeah. Yeah. They've also amended rule 15 to expand instant replay's ability to advise on field officials on specific objective aspects of a play and to address game administration issues when clear and obvious video evidence is present. Such as, wait, Say That again? Unnecessary roughness, intentional ground. Oh That's good. I like that. That's good. Unnecessary roughness is good. Roughing the quarterback. Assume, I think Falls know where a flag has to be on the field. I don't know. Oh, they can review it quickly and tell you that wasn't a good flag. Something like that. Yeah. I, I hope that they do the, the super challenge, which is like in, was it the U-F-L-U-S-F-L where like at the end of that game with the Vikings and the Rams this year, the face mask, they didn't call in Sam Darle.


Like look at that. It's Obvious Right? Do the flag Right Or the the, there was that Mahomes Texans play where he was like, yeah. Slid and didn't really get hit. I like that. Okay. As long as it doesn't take too much time. If they can do the instant, you know how they have the instant review for any scoring play? Yeah. It'd be like, did he cross the line or not? And they just buzz in. I would also like to nominate the Gene STA tour. Pick a sport. Yeah. Pick a sport. You're either a football guy or you're either a football school or you're a basketball school. I'm Gene Dout. Gene Dout at this point. Too much. Gene pick a side. You just love rules Gene. We get it. Yeah. Yeah. Let's get some more blandino going. Yeah. And then there was some bylaw summaries, which is just roster spot stuff.


Kind of a snooze fest to me. Permit clubs participates in postseason to receive two additional dfr, increasing the maximum from eight to 10 Competition committee men's article. Do you want me to do the roman numeral? What's this? Yeah. 18 article 18 X-V-I-I-I section 18.5 of Constitution and bylaws to not allow April Fool's jokes because it's mean and people might get upset. So that's, that'll be good. That's a good one. That's a good one. There was also another one, Hank Big Change Pittsburgh. The Steelers basically got tampering legalized. Oh. Oh yeah. The Zooms For one year only.


It permits clubs to have one video or phone call with no more than five perspective unrestricted free agents during the two day negotiation period. It permits clubs to make travel arrangements with such players upon agreeing to terms. Yeah. So what they did was they moved back the free agency, but now teams are trying to do the thing that they used to do for free agency for the tampering period. So it's always gonna get moved back. Got it. There's another big one. Hey. And then, then and then are you talking the flight gate? Like is this the, the hat? 'cause they ain't us Baltimore, Cleveland, Houston, Vegas, Minnesota, Philadelphia, Washington to permit clubs to prepare kicking footballs K balls before game day. Similar to pro process permitted for game footballs. Okay. And are you talking about scouting?


No, there's another one. There's a, a technology one. Oh, what is it? The NF L's gonna be using Hawkeye next year. Oh, it's a big one. The Chang Gang is gonna be ceremonial. They'll be out there on the field still. Alright. As Long as they're still out There. And they'll use them if the Hawkeye technology breaks down. But they're doing the same thing that tennis did. I think the EPL also uses it and some other sports use it, but they're, they're measuring first downs based on Hawkeye technology, which I don't know it's gonna get it right more often. But I, I love the chain gang. I love the guys jogging out there, the 60-year-old dudes with the chains Malfunction. Yeah. Mal memes. We can hear you. I, I agree with you. You gotta keep those guys out there. Yeah. But but now we're gonna get it. Right.


They'll be there. They'll be just, you know, still dressed up, still looking good on the sidelines. But they're gonna be using the, the space age technology. Yeah. Did you guys also see the Pittsburgh reporter Mark Cavalier, who might've fallen asleep? We had a sleep gate. Yeah. I love it. He might've fallen asleep while Mike Tomlin was talking. Did you see that Hank? It was great. Nothing better than a sleep gate. Yeah. I was not asleep. He's having to go on shows right now and be like, I was not asleep. Yeah. I mean, listen, it's the, it's the owner's meetings you have, this is the most important time of the year. Yeah. It is funny, like seeing Jake Glazer was just casually flexing that he was just at the pool with pretty much every single head coach. That was pretty cool. Yep. That would be a cool spot to be.


Also, art Rooney said that he, he thinks that Rogers is gonna sign with the Steelers. Oh. He said we keep hearing that he's, I guess headed it in our direction. So that seems to be all signs are positive so far. Okay. He's Working out with dk. Yeah. Yeah. So he he threw them yesterday. Yeah. That's a great sign. It feels like it's gonna happen. We also had Jimmy Hasham come out and basically take a big dump on Deshaun Watson, which I think we all like. Good job Jimmy Hasso finally admitting it. But he said about Deshaun Watson. We took a big swing and miss with Deshaun. We thought we had the quarterback And we didn't. And we gave up a lot of draft picks to get him. So we gotta dig ourselves outta that hole. It was an entire organization decision. It ends with d and i.


So hold us accountable. Deshaun Watson's still on the Browns right? He is. Yeah. Yeah. That's very funny. They're just talking about him like he's not on the Browns Anymore. I assume he's just not gonna be active at all next year. Yeah. Then they can finally cut him. They Did. I saw a video of him getting rehab done the other day. Did you see that? No. Male masseuse. Oh, smart. Smart. So is Deshaun Watson over under starts Deshaun Watson has the NFL for the rest of his career. Three and a half. Mm. I was gonna say the over under should probably be 0.5. I was gonna say one and a half. Maybe like a random. I think he'll do it. You think so? Yeah. Some team will try Some team.


He Might just not try. I mean, he might just not try. Yeah. If They give you $230 million at that point, your career should be done. No matter what it is. Why are you gonna go out there and get hit again? Yeah. What else? Oh, the NFL has captured Christmas fully. We, we predicted this. Put three games on Christmas. Can't wait. It's falls on a Thursday this year. LeBron Adam, silver. Bad idea. Bad idea. And I, I saw the reminder pop up in her calendars for next year on Christmas. Bet on all the away teams. Right. Because it's gonna be like, because we have a, a family in town for the home teams And We have a sample size Of two. Sample size of two, which it's Iron Cloud.


I love it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. Max, are you back? Are you back Max? Sure. I'm done. What, What do you mean? I'm done with this show. I'm done with this episode. I'm opting out for the rest of this episode. Oh, Come on. Why are you so Upset? Come on. Tell us why you're so upset, max. Because April Fools is the lowest form of comedy. Agreed. This is worse than when they filmed your butt rack. Yeah. This is just embarrassing. It's more so embarrassing than I I ah, But again, you probably are gonna get to go to the White House. I don't even, I don't even want to go, I don't want to go. Wow. Lib of the Year. Wow. Damn. Another news. Tiger Woods is laying in the Masters.


Yeah, he is. I saw, yeah, he, what? He woke up and his Achilles just felt good. He's, he's been sleeping in a hyperbaric chamber. Got it. Which has a lot of oxygen. Allows your body to heal quicker. And he woke up somehow feeling great. Like he could go out there and play. So he is announced on his x account, x.com, the everything app. It's all happening on X. He's going to be playing in the Masters. That's Awesome. Did you guys see Cam Smith? He stubbed his toe. So he's withdrawing from Liv Miami event, but he's having Fat Perez replace him. Oh. Oh really? So he's playing in a professional tournament. Yeah. That's Crazy. That's incredible. Fat Perez is going on the live tour. Yeah. Oh, that's awesome. Yeah. These are all real things to happen. That's pretty cool. Wow. You guys remember, I think it was yelling without the mic on.


I Think it was three years ago. LeBron James when he, he tweeted I'm out for the season officially. See all in the Fall King Peace. Yeah. Yeah. That was that. On this day in sports, LeBron out For the season Was crazy. The DOD king is gonna start using tees. Oh really? That one just got me. Yeah, that one Just got you. Couldn't Believe it. I couldn't believe it. Shit. Remember when Julian Edelman announced that he was signing with a Buccaneers? That's right. Memes. Tell us what's happening in there right now, Max. It just keeps thinking about how embarrassing it is in his head. And he's throwing stuff against the wall and he's trying to break the tech deck right now. Oh. What, what Hank He's listening. Yeah, but what are you gonna say? Let's pretend he is not.


I just, I'm excited to see the footage of him editing. Yeah. Him having to listen back to it. That's bad. No. Pug is editing the show. I'm, I will be editing. Oh, did you see, actually, speaking of pug, he's not a pug. Yeah. What do you mean? See that insane? He Tweeted I am not a pug. I'm not pug. That's crazy. He said I'm not pug. That's Wild. April Fools. Oh, he is Pug. You see that Luca Dante got traded to the Los Angeles Lakers. No way. Yeah. For what? Andy Davis or Something. And $50,000. Yeah. Damn. And the Impractical Jokers. Yeah. That was the Mavs Muse tweet that we saw a lot the other night. We traded Luca for an impractical joker. It was just Anthony Davis with all of them.


Alright. Other news. Buzz Williams. New coach Maryland. Yeah. Good for Buzz. So good for buzz. Smart move for Buzz. I have a Question about Buzz. Yeah. We like Buzz. Yeah. He's always been great on the show. He seems like a, a good dude. Great coach. He's the jobs that he's had. I don't really see like, is he advancing or is he just going to different schools that are kind of at the same level? So this move, I believe was a smart move by Buzz in the fact that the SEC has gotten a lot better. He has kind of maxed out what he's got at Texas a and m. He's team was a lot of juniors and seniors. So why not move and reset the clock?


Yeah. Pretty good. Yeah. Also like you're basically resetting the clock with a new fan base who is hungry for someone to say I love you. And Buzz Williams obviously is coached in the area with Virginia Tech. He's accomplished. Good. Move to reset the clock. Buzz. We're rooting For you. Yeah. So it's Maryland in its DNA is a basketball school. So at least he's gonna have that. They're gonna be like hopefully Maryland. This is a sign of them committing to basketball a little bit more. Texas a a and m is always going to be no matter what way, way, way, way, way more football. Correct. I still think that Maryland can get it slapped out of 'em to be like your basketball school. Yep. Focus on that. There's a lot of good local talent. Hope Buzz does well, max is still bitching.


Yep. Update memes. Update memes. Give us an update. I'm not get He helps one of you guys get into a car Accident. That's Oh shit. Before or after I pick up my kids from school. Max. No kids. Okay. No kids. Max. All that was very big Dom of you. We don't get the children involved. Can't tell you a little story Max. About April Fools. It's the worst. It's the le lowest form of comedy. It's my brother's birthday. Shout out to Will. Oh, Shout out. Oh, shout will. Happy birthday. Will. Is it Actually? Yeah. Oh, that would be a good prank. That'd be sick. Max. When I was in fifth grade, fourth or fifth grade, my dad TA came to school and he had, I know this story. I know. Page down and say get little PFT outta class.


His dad's here he is. Got his glove. He's gonna go to the Orioles game. And then I go to the front office. My dad takes me, puts me in the car, starts driving me outta the school parking lot. And then him and my brother, my brother bounced up from behind the seat and they said, April Fools, you're going back to class. Mm. I had to go back to class on opening day, opening day of baseball. And you know what? The next year I actually got to go to opening day. 'cause my dad felt so bad. That's pretty cool. So, so maybe, maybe you'll you'll go to the White House. I Don't even, I don't even want to. I don't, I I actually think you might have told that story day one, episode one. It was one of the first episodes. Yeah. Yeah. I don't even see, I didn't, I just, I'm, I just hate that I fucking fell for it. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it is. Now we're getting there.


I hate you guys. It's the, it's, it's The, and part of me wants to teach you about your getting your guard up, but like, I actually don't. No, don't. Yeah. Don't. I did have I It's also this was, this was, we do, I said, you asked Big Cat if you thought that was Jerry's best big dom. That was the person you asked the murderer. Like, did you murder that person? And then when they said no, you're like, all right. He's clear. Oh man. No, that's not I said it. You weren't paying attention during the phone call. I said, this is April Fools. Yeah. But then after, when Jerry called you, you pulled out your phone. You don't, you don't remember that. You don't remember that. I said it in the middle of max of the initial phone Max. Okay. But then after the phone call ended and then I said that after the phone call ended, you believed you Fucking didn't listen because you never fucking listened.


Max Max. You have to accept the fact that you fell for it. You fell for It. I know. I fell for it. You guys are fucking piece Of shit. You deleted, you deleted your pro Hamas tweets. You fell for it. We'll cut this. Yeah. No, we'll cut that part. I'm cutting some of it. No You're not. Yeah I am. No, no you're not. No you're not. No you're not. That was a good April Fools by you to pretend that you were cutting this. You guys are such pieces of shit. Like you're such a pussy. I wasn't involved by the way I was rooting for you to catch on. You just never did. Also, It's like the thing, it's like you say something and then if someone's, you guys are, You gotta save this. You should be angry at Jerry.


He broke his headphones. You smashed it together. You really, that's the thing is Pft and I we're, I'm not a April Fool's guy. No. Neither is PFT. Jerry texted us and said, Hey, should I do this? What are we gonna say? No, of course. And we thought that Jerry would call in and it would be instantly. No, he left a room again. He's taking a lap. He's taking another lap. We instantly thought that Jerry's voice would be recognizable. I thought. At least apparently not. I'm not gonna look for him. Listen so bad if me or Big Cat had done this. Wait, You No, no, no. You can't go. You go. You can't go play cops. I have to pee so bad. Oh, then you go pee. I don't find them. No, but you just said you're gonna, you feel bad?


No. I just, that was an excuse to go pee. Oh, okay. That was, here's how You gotta go pee. If me or Big Cat had done this April Fool's prank on Max, it would've been, it would've been dumb. Right? It would've been stupid if me, if memes had done it, it would've been just mean. Right. If Hank had done it, it would've been also mean. But the fact that Jerry did it correct Is great. If you, if I come in today and you had said to me, let's prank Max Raper fools. I'd be like, really? But the fact that Jerry hit us up, it's like, yeah, we gotta do it. We gotta let Jerry do it. Because Jerry's the man. He's an actor. He's an actor. He's an actor. That Was the best performance outta Jerry in, in decades. Oh My God. We should get him. We should actually see if we could, He should be an actor. We should get him listed on like, Can you win some, there's way we're still talking about this.


There's no way We're not, we're talking about Jerry O'Connell being a good actor. It's totally different. We should see if he can nominated For, for something. What show? What kinda show is this? This is just a, this is just pardon of my April Fools. Just like every other lame ass fucking podcast in the in America. This all, that's what this show is. We're just some fucking, No, he's lashing the other way. This is My favorite part of of Max. This Show sucks. This show. This show now sucks. When Max gets so, so mad at us for making fun of him that he says that the show sucks. Show is terrible. It's a lame ass show. Did you see So Buzz Williams to to to Maryland good for Maryland. Happy they got that resolved quickly.


'cause it would've sucked if it was like a long search. And Buzz is a good coach. Did you see Seth Davis sort of almost realized what fandom is? Was he mad at Maryland fans? So he tweeted last night, fans fire the coach. If he doesn't win enough, coach wins enough leaves for a better job. Fans, where's your loyalty? So he's almost figured out that fans root for the jerseys in the school and the coach, if he wins, they will love him. And if he loses, they'd want him fired. Yeah. What are they supposed to do? Be like, yeah, get outta here. Go get a better job. Job. No. Right. Fans, here's the thing about fans. Is fans want their teams to win. Right.


If the coach isn't winning, then you're like, fire that guy. 'cause I'd like to win. Then when your coach is winning, you're like, sweet. We're winning. Our coach kicks ass. Stay forever. I Hope you don't leave. Right. I don't, I don't understand how these guys cover the sport. And they're so out of touch with how fans think. They're just pissed off that, that the, is he mad at fans for not supporting their coach for leaving? I think so. He also, I think he's saying that it's hypocritical for fans to be upset if a coach is Coach leaves or sorry to be upset if a coach loses. But then to also when they win, be like you can't get another job. But fans don't root for coaches.


They root for School. I I know one fan that Does. Yeah, that's true. There is one fan that does. But fans root for schools and their coaches is an extension of the school. And if it's going well, they want their, they want 'em to stay. Yeah. If it's going bad, they want 'em fired. That's literally how sports work. And here's what sucks for Maryland is that Maryland should not be a stepping stone job. No. Maryland should be a job that a guy should want to stay at for a long time. But as of right now, guess what the reality is? It's a stepping stone job. Yeah. And hopefully that's done. Hopefully buzz sticks around. I just love it. 'cause I think college basketball might be the premier sport in terms of guys who cover the sport that don't understand how fans think and also just will defend coaches blindly no matter what.


Well sometimes it's like that in sports where there's not a huge fan base that the journalists that cover it gets so like addicted to the, the coverage on the players and the coaches that they don't understand the fan base. In college basketball, it's always been like this. Yeah. You are going to have fans that hate when their coach leaves. Right. That's the reality of the situation. Yeah. We Went through this with Ed Cooley and stuff when everyone was like, when, when a lot of the national reporters are like, why, why is it a big deal if Ed Cooley leaves in conference? Yeah. Guess what? Fans are hypocrites. Yeah. Yeah. No shit. It's fanatic. We are, yeah. Speaking of fanatic, did you guys see Michael Rubins trying to throw baseball? I did see that. That's An old clip. It is, yeah. Oh, well it's still funny. I thought that was April Fools. I, I don't, I don't really, I hate when people do like the old clip thing.


'cause sometimes clips are funny no matter when, like there was the guy who the the guy at the Brewers game that was just pissing in the concourse and I just tweeted it yesterday 'cause it was opening day for the Brewers and everyone's like old clips like Yeah. It's still funny. Yeah. Like I didn't say what day it was. Every year when Jason Derulo falls down the stairs at the Met Gala. That's a great day. Pete Weber is is that Yeah. Right. There's some, there's some we should do like a study. There's a sect of people that just love saying that's old, old Clip. That's An old clip that, but yeah. The Michael, well some, I mean that's kind of I do Yeah. Try and just keep you guys employed. No, no, no. I agree. I I I appreciate.


I wasn't saying it was you. I'm saying I, it was more about the Milwaukee Brewers fans. It's like I I literally just tweeted it's, I'm an animal for pissing in the sink. But this guy and then everyone was just, there was a bunch of people being like, old clip bro. Okay. It's still funny. Yeah. Guy's fucking pissing in the concourse. Funny Clip. Anytime a guy goes hugs out in public. Either a crime or funny. Yeah. Yeah. Never both. Anything else before we do? Hot Seat? Cool. Tarone Max, how would you say the start of the show has gone? Great. Do you like the show again? When you, I think you were outta here when Max crashed out again and he said, this show sucks. Now we're just some lame show that does April Fool's jokes.


He's, I think he's been, he's been hitting for the cycle for like you guys are running out old bits. Yeah. Hank doesn't pay attention. Yeah. Yeah. This show sucks. Now Bring back, do you wash your apples? Yeah. Yeah. Because you never pay attention. That was like what that was so, Oh, there's one other piece of information that came out yesterday. Yeah. Jamis Winston. Yes. Talked about being Oh, that was my cool thing. The giant. Okay. Oh, Okay. Save it. Also one other piece of information. The Thursday night football can be flexed now. Yes. That's great. That's actually awesome. So is it like 21 days in drinks? Three weeks? Yeah, three weeks. You can flex a Thursday. That, that kind of sucks. If you had, like, if you get flexed to a Thursday night game and you can't make it in person to that Thursday night game.


Agreed. But it should. I I feel like they're gonna use it very sparingly, but it should save us a couple. And you know what, actually, now that I'm thinking about it, I'm saying out loud, I don't like this rule because there is something about a really bad Thursday night game late in the season that it feels like a bonding experience. It's a Colts Broncos Game. Yes. Yes. It tests you as a human being. Yeah. It's like you, if you can sit through this, well, last year it was the, the Rams and the Niners. Yep. But that on paper should have been a bad game. It was just a shitty experience. But there's something magical about like late November, you look at the schedule, you look two weeks from now, the Thursday night matchup and you're like, oh God, look what we're gonna have to deal with here. And then guess what? You power through it together.


Right. And you make it a fun time. And it's, we've said this before, but Thursday night football, the magical part of Thursday night football is, it's the beginning of the football weekend. So it's like, I would much rather have a bad Thursday night football game than a bad Monday night football game because Monday night is your last bite of football. I, and they're gonna do probably divisional games. Like meaningful games. Yeah. Thursday night football is not ass. Thursday night football games last year. Yeah. But They're fun. But that's the thing is Thursday night football is not meant for meaningful football games. No. That I agree with that. Yeah. Thursday night football game. It, it's an appetizer for the weekend. It's like, this will remind you of football at times. You'll recognize the guys. It has The cent of Football. We'll get some touchdowns. Right. But ultimately it's gonna be kind of shitty.


They're not gonna have enough practice. And then once the weekend starts, you're gonna be like, look at this great slate. Right. What you laughing at? I think Last year there was, there was, the last four was a sandwich. Like the Detroit Green Bay game was great then it was the 12 to six rams, 49 ERs. The Seahawks Bears one was Bad and then the Seahawks Bears one was the last one. Six to three. Yeah. That was really bad. That was a terrible game. Yeah. But that, that, that touchdown throw the kale Williams threw with the penalty six throw who you could forget Six throw. Okay. Al Michaels probably had something to do with this. Yeah. Is he still on? He is. All right. So there're just trying to keep al talking. Yeah, they're Trying keep Should we talking about Bob Costas? No. What about him? The retirement tour? That was last year in the playoffs when he stunk. Remember that He's doing one right?


The masters. Wait, he's doing the masters. Not Bob Costas. I mean, sorry. Sorry. Oh no, I actually Don't think we don't About because I think we taped early on Thursday. Yeah. An 11 year retirement tour. Insane. That's Unbelievable. I love it. It's insane. How did He reach That date? It's the, it's his Contract. No, I thought it was the It's that Anniversary one. It's Yeah. Which is bullshit. So he's gonna stick around for your Hundred. He's gonna cut the hundredth year anniversary of the masters. Yeah. It's, I mean, he's won up our, our good friend Dan Patrick, you know he did the, he's doing a four year retirement tour right now. He's in the midst of it. 11 years is just absurd. Yeah. You could easily die in those 11 years. You know what, I'll just say it.


I'm gonna retire in 20 years. 20. You have 20 years of Pardon? My Take left. That's sad. If you do 21, it will be 30. Oh. So we gotta Do 2121 years. Yeah. Yeah. 21 Years. 21 Years. Ah, if we do so wait 20. Wait 21 years would be 30 total. Oh, from right now, right? Yeah. Yeah. So why don't we just do 41 and get to 50? I I kinda like walking away in 21 years, but No, but 50 50 years of, Pardon? My Take 30 Years. I, I got, I don't have 50 In me. 50 PFT. Let's Do 50 30. I don't know. I have 20 in me. 30 years I'll be 60. Hank, what is your retirement Counting down the days Max.


When's your retirement? An hour ago. He might quit right now. Yeah. I got 10 more years. I, I, I've opted out of this episode. You got 10 more years in you hank 10 more years then. What? You're young. You're 10 years younger than us. You fucking bitch onto next chapter. I can see myself doing it until your guys age. Listen, I got news for you. There's gonna be AI podcast that just do new part of my takes that we have no control over by that point. Yeah. So if Max gets pranked on April Fools by the AI podcast. Not our fault. Yeah. This isn't even April 1st. You'll be arguing for Us. Well, we're take right now. Today Is April 2nd as we're sitting here. Well, how did you start, how did you start this show?


As we're sitting here? It's April 1st that This today is April 2nd. This is the finale of this. People are gonna, are gonna listen to the show tomorrow and be like, what the fuck April Fools was yesterday Early release the No, Definitely not. This button is getting pushed so late Pug is actually pushing the button. Oh. So before midnight. This, This story arc of the crash out has been incredible. I just love, like, I don't even want to go Max Actually making me feel embarrass. I hate how much he is upset. But the funny, like his two biggest crash outs were a butt crack and a April Fools joke, which by all accords are like not big Deals. Yeah. Actually they're one of them. I actually say like Max Max gets it more than almost anyone of All the things to crash out about.


Right. Like we were, I was talking with a good friend Peter Schrager, who congrats to him on his new job at ESPN. And he was, he was, 'cause he loves watching like Barstool content and he was saying that if Rico had thrown his phone, like Rico threw Max's phone on Saturday, he would've like flipped out. And I was like, no, Max's Max's cool. He gets it. He's cool with everything. Like he didn't even flinch when his phone got thrown, but God damn if you get 'em with April Fools, It's just, oh, I just feel like such a idiot and a loser. You're not. It's so, it's so easy to just pick up on April Fool's jokes. That's what's pissing me off. Hank, I'm sorry for saying you didn't listen. Oh. What about any, any apology sus No.


Saying Our show sucks. Well, a April Fools content content. April Fool's Con content's terrible content. I, it's my, it was a good reaction for me, but Yeah. Yeah. Great job, max. Yeah. Oh no. And a good in, in a way that I don't want it to be good. And it's embarrassing, but it's a I what, whatever. I'm just, You're, you're slowly start, need to opt out. You're slowly finally getting to figure It out. Yeah. It was Good reaction by me. Yeah. But I'm mad that I had that reaction 'cause it's not what I wanted to be. But it's still good. Correct. See that? Yes. Now you're getting it. Yeah, no. So like the past five minutes is, is me just being like, I wish I just didn't say anything after I realized that I got it. So I'm, I'm, yeah.


I'm going through the full range of emotions during this episode here. You're doing it. Well Jerry first called me at 2 46, so it's been a solid, like 30 minutes of just, of going through all of this. I've blocked Jerry's number by the way. He kept texting me and I said, I'm gonna block your number and his number is blocked. Okay, good. Alright.


Hot Seat. Cool Throne. Hot Seat. Cool. Throne is brought to you by Body Armor. This episode is brought to you by Body Armor Flash IV Body Armor. Flash IV is packed with electrolytes and provides faster and longer lasting hydration with no artificial flavors, sweeteners, or dyes with great tasting flavors like strawberry kiwi and tropical punch Body Armor Flash IV gives your body the rehydration it needs to recover. Get yours at a local seven 11 or Amazon today. We love body armor. We drink it all the time. Hot Seat. Cool Throne brought to you by Body Armor. Flash iv.


Hank My Hot Seat. Is Jackson Pro Far? Okay. He's been suspended 80 Days. That's not his name. It's Not JSON profile. Yep. There it is. Jackson. Whoops. Yikes. Damn. I'm as embarrassed as Max right now. God Damnit. That's tough. I I just kind of skipped the middle of his name. Yeah, He did. Jerks in Jerks in pro Far has been suspended. 80 games for violating MLBs. PED policy just signed with the Braves. The real Hot Seat though is the, the PEDD. What is it? It's a hormone produced by the placenta. Mm. After a woman becomes pregnant.


Mm. It plays a crucial role in maintaining and supporting early pregnancy. That's, it's human. Is this a masking agent? HCG? No. This is probably why Philip Rivers had such a long career. Yeah. If that, if that stuff rejuvenates you. His son, by the way, is like gonna play college football Soon. That's crazy. Crazy. But no, you're probably right. 'cause it sounds like what happened with Manny. Remember when he had you Yeah. They did the masking agent. Yeah. He Just fucked up the days. That's a great story. What Manny was successful using steroids and they had a system where it was like, you just have to take the masking agent on this day and you'll pass the drug test. 'cause of They had, they had the, the dates mapped out and he just fucked it up. So how can we blame the Yankees for this Yankee?


I haven't gone that far. Okay. We gotta figure it out. Yeah. There's more torpedo bats. The, the other teams are using. Yeah. The Yankees are trying to ruin baseball. No, no, No. But everyone else is using 'em now too, I think. Yeah, Because the Yankees are trying to ruin baseball. So it's More the torpedo bats than the Yankees. Well, Who invented the torpedo bats? I dunno. But several teams had 'em this Year. I think it's a guy actually it's a guy from the Marlins invented them. Really? Yeah, I saw it Was MIT, Marlin's Institute of Technology. I thought the Yankees hired the guy from nasa. He developed the, the torpedo bats and now they're getting used. It was MIT, which actually you could say it's a Red Sox problem. That guy's probably a Red Sox fan. The man who created Torpedo bat is Miami Marlin's field coordinator. Aaron Leonhart.


And who owns the Miami Marlins? Marlins man? Nope. Jeter. Jeter Jeter. Mm Okay. And they're really good. Marlon Czar. Yeah. They're dark horse to win the NL Easts, right? Yeah, They are. Okay. What's your cool throw? My cool throne is giggles laughter and fun. Yeah. Specifically if you're in the New York, New Jersey area. 'cause James Winston knew Giants Quarter be back in a press conference, said he wants to see the Giants win more games so they can have more giggles, more laughter, and more fun. And he adds that they don't have the look of a three and 14 team. I really, I, and I know you guys love Jam. I do love Jam too.


Great guests to the show. I don't like the Giants. I don't really like Russell Wilson. I would love to see them go two and 15. Mm. Just so It could be like This. But what if they had more giggles? Right. And that way he could be right about them not having the look of a three and 14 team. Yeah. Would It be worth it to go three and 14 while also leading the league in fun? Yeah, I think it might. Yeah. He's also not gonna play again. Yeah. Which is bullshit. So it's like, I don't like what's he, he can't control the giggles. Laughter and fun if you're on the bench. Well, He can, I think he might play, I think Jam might play this year. I also Know he can control the giggles. Laughter and fun. Yeah. If you look at, at Russell Wilson, you say this guy's gonna start all 17 games for you in, in a situation where if the coach loses a lot, he loses his job.


There's no chance that Russell Wilson's starting all 17 games. Zero. Agreed. And then I guess it's an embrace debate. I'll wait. We can do it at the end. See what you guys, If you guys address it. Okay. Okay. PFT. Yeah. My Hot Seat is the Crown. Yeah. Yeah, the Crown. The college basketball crown is on the Hot Seat. People couldn't bet on it. Crown fucked up. Now you might say, well people are surely going to watch the Crown even if you can't gamble on it. Wrong. That's the whole purpose of this tournament is to give people like Big Cat something to bet on after the NCAA tournament's over. And it's also a sweet, sweet vindication for our guy in IT Stu who is, he takes on all the new competitive tournaments to the NIT every year.


Yeah. And guess what? He was there before you. He'll be there after you. That's facts. The NIT is the granddaddy of 'em all. It was the national championship before the NCAA tournament came around, which he will be the first to remind you of. So he wrote this up in his explanation for why he thinks that the Crown did not work is that Fox Sports did not go through the proper channels to approve the games as being sanctioned by the NCAA to be allowed to be gambled on Crazy. Which is how do you not do that? Really The only thing that you should have been worried about. That's What we wanted to do. We wanted to watch The Crown Bet. The Crown Also, Loyola is in the final four of the NITI believe they are. Yeah. Yeah. North Texas. Loyola Cal Poly, Cal Davis.


I got the last one. No, I don't, I forget the last one. I almost had the last one. That's pretty good though. Three outta four. Yeah, they're playing them at Henkel. The last one is Chattanooga. Oh, It's uc, Irvine. My, my My fault. Uc, Irvine, Chattanooga, One of the cats. Chattanooga, Loyola, north Texas. Uc, Irvine. Love it. Final Four. The My Cool Throne is the Jets. Oh, I had that as well. And The culture around the Jets. Mm. Because Woody Johnson is offering buyouts. I think two thirds of the employees are going to be taking a walk after this year. Memes, is that correct? I believe so. 60%. Now I have a question. PFT, because I had this on my Hot Seat as well. Yeah. Does this have any, and I'm not trying to become, you know, a florio over cini type, but Woody Johnson the other day was on record when asked about the F grade that he received from the N-F-L-P-A survey report in February.


He said, my first thought was it is totally bogus. Does it have anything to do with thinking that the report being like, it's not me, that's the problem, it's everyone else. And then trying to buy out half of the staff and telling them that they have a culture problem. Is that anything related? Nope. Nope. Because what you're missing out here is that Woody did his own study on his own organization. Ah, okay. So they had a comprehensive study and the exercise has identified opportunities to operate, align, and innovate more effectively per the Jets. Got it. Because it does completely separate. It does seem to me like there was the N-F-L-P-A survey, the jets failed and Woody Johnson just said, fuck this, I hate everyone here.


I'm firing You all. So Woody Johnson a Totally normal reaction to have instead of looking at the mirror and saying, how can I be better? Woody Johnson is firing everybody else. Correct. From the jets but himself. We'll see what happens. Yeah. So two thirds of the employees memes. I think you gotta say like, maybe, maybe a good thing. It could be, it could be a good thing just being like, well we've been losers for the past 15 years. Let's just get everyone Out. Let's get everybody else changed new blood. Or he could be trying to get the leak out by firing everybody. Or you could just trying to be hiring like everyone that will just do whatever Woody Johnson says and make sure they don't fill out the N-F-L-P-A Scorecard. Yeah. Those are snitches.


Yeah. So he's saying if I fire, excuse me. If I, if I buy out two thirds of my employees, then I have like a 66% chance that I got rid of all the leaks. Yeah. Possibly. Did he do an email? Was he like, send me in five words or less. Tell me what you did to improve the Jets last week. I'm not, I'm not sure. But isn't the N-F-L-P-A Oh yeah. Filled out by the players. Yeah. But you would think the culture in the room, in the building. He can't fire all the players. He probably will try Five words to fix it. Remove Diana Rossini from signal chat. Problem solved. It feels like a good, feels like a normal, normal reaction to have, right?


Memes. Yeah. He's gotta go. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. My, that was gonna be my Hot Seat was all the people at the Jets organization that don't align with Woody Johnson's culture. My cool throne is analytics because our friend Jim Harbaugh said on analytics, math tells the truth. Yeah. If Jim Harbaugh's big on analytics, like you can't, he's our shining beacon when it comes to football guy who also adopts analytics. I'm starting to think that maybe math might be a football thing. Yeah. Because when he puts it that way, I've never heard, if I had a math teacher in high school that told me that, I would've been like, oh, okay. Math is kind of hardcore. Somebody told Jim Harbaugh that like, Hey, in mathematics you either get truth or you find out everything else that's a lie.


And he's like, well that's, that's what I do. He like, that's his personal philosophy of how he runs the football team. Somebody made math appeal to football guys. Right. And that person should get a raise. Absolutely. Also, side note, I went to my son's parent teacher conference this morning and he's exceptional at math. And when I looked at his report card, he, I was like, oh, you're great at math. And he said out loud in front of his teacher, he said, yeah, that's 'cause of mommy, not 'cause of you. And I was like, yeah, true. I'm terrible at math. But it was, it hurt right in front of the teacher too. Basically. He called me a moron. I mean, he, he can't, He's still like addition still. Right. Two plus five sometimes. Struggle with it.


He's like, dad, dad thinks that 12 donuts is really 13. Yeah. Yeah. Why is he always adding in sevens? Okay. Do you Guys wanna do my embrace debate? Yes. Yeah. Sidney Sweeney and her fiance split up. Do you think that he is down bad or better off? Like he Down down bad in the short term. What's He up to? Better off in the long term? Has he, has he been seen cavorting in public? He hasn't. She's been seen at, at Glen Powell's sister's Wedding. She's the one who's canoodling. Yes. He, But she's been noodling. Like if you're engaged with Cindy Sweeney, she's a professional, like Correct.


Is her profession to be matched up with super hot costars that would have constantly been an issue. Correct. Or like, it's not No, no one wants that. So, so down bad right now. But yeah, I think long term would have, you'd have to be a very confident man to be able to deal with your fiance or wife having the entire internet be horny for her at all times. So Yeah, That's what that was my And Glen Powell is like, he can deal with it. 'cause the internet's also horny for him. Yeah. So it's kind of that, that's a e equal playing field. But yeah, I think long term he's probably gonna be like, you know what? That was, that was gonna be tough. Yeah. I think anytime your engagement ends, you can't be, you can't be up big at that moment.


Right. Especially when your fiance's dating Glen Powell Publicly and your fiance is Sidney Sweeney. Correct. Yeah. Correct. What do you think Hank? I mean, kinda what you said, it's obviously like it sucks if you're, you're gonna get married and, and you're not, you're down bad. But I think like, like you said, long term, it's he's gonna be better off and ultimately Living a nor more normal life. Yeah. And also he probably Like, like the press, the videos of like, 'cause again, it's like cheetahs in romantic comedies. Like you have to do the press stories where you know you're selling the romance of your co-star. But like that's brutal. Yeah.


Hank I think you should date C Sweeney. I'm down. I Think that Okay. I think that's what the podcast needs be. Huge For the podcast. Yeah. You could handle that. Right? The entire internet being horny by the Internet. Internet horny about him. Yeah. You guys actually make a good cup. Yeah, I'm down. Yeah. He, he'll, he'll be okay. And I think he also will have pretty good, She, she might be from Chicago. She was like at Butch McGuires On New Years. No, she's from, she's from like that weird, her Fiance was from Chicago. Yeah. Oh, She's from that weird place in like, so she, Wyoming Probably knows the city Per Idaho's on Valley. She's in that circle in Idaho that it's like, what goes on here? And people are like Nazis. She's from Spokane. Yeah. Oh, okay. So Close enough. Spokane, Washington.


Yeah. Close Enough. So, let's see. Yeah, I, I'm Trying to read about her, see what she has in common with you. She, I, I listen. Fiance, if he still lives in Chicago, come by, let's bro out. Sidney Sweeney was raised in North Idaho. Okay. So I was right on that. Yep. Yep. Let's bro out. Dude, we got your back. We'll hang out. Watch the ball with us. He'll be fine too, because telling a girl Yeah. My ex-fiance Sidney Sweeney. I'd imagine that does well. Yeah, for sure. I'd imagine that does well. Says That she likes to fix up car San. She could repair your grill. Oh. Or Vanny. Woodhead. What's the update? My girl's fixed.


Benny Wood head's getting fixed. Hmm. We're getting into the Spring. I know. Okay, good. She's got tremendous boobs and you love boobs. That's true. You guys are practically meant for each other. I, like I said, I'm down. I'll say it again. I'm down. Nice. Nice. Love that. April Fools hack. Oh, That's good to do that. Don't Smart. That's a trigger for Max. She's gonna want you more. That's a trigger For Max. Okay, let's get to our interviews. We got Bruce Pearl, and then we have Minu Lee. And then we'll finish with some listener FAQs. Okay. Before we get to Bruce Pearl, coach Bruce Pearl, final four bound Bruce Pearl.


Truly, truly unruly is the first high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. Truly unruly is a hard seltzer that breaks all the rules. Drinks light party hard with 8% A BV. It hits hard, but still tastes amazing. Comes in four fresh flavors. Tropical twist, berry blast, citrus Crush, strawberry Smash. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly at a store near you or visit truly hard seltzer.com. That's truly hard. seltzer.com, again, it's 8% A BV. It hits hard, but it tastes amazing. It's about to be summertime. It's about to get unruly with truly. And get those four flavors, my favorite flavor. Strawberry Smash. Find truly unruly at a store near you or visit truly hard seltzer.com.


Okay. Also, before we get to Bruce Pearl,


Hey dude, the Ultimate baseball fan's footwear is here. The Hey dude. MLB collab is your perfect shoe for game day and every day designed for everyone who lives and breathes baseball and who loves their city, and reps it with pride featuring embroidered team details, A baseball stitched heel and a green foot bed. These shoes are a must have for every game day. For Astros, Braves Cubs, Dodgers, Rangers, red Sox and Yankees fans, head to hey dude.com to get your pair. I'll say personal endorsement. Hey, dude is the most comfortable footwear out there and it's perfect, perfect for summertime. You slip 'em on. Also great dog walking shoes, you slip 'em on. You can go to the park, you can go to the beach, you can go to the bar, you can walk around town. Hey, dude has it all. So go check 'em out right now with the collab. Hey dude has Astros, Braves Cubs, Dodgers, Rangers, red Sox and Yankees fan. Head to hey dude.com to get your pair today.


Okay, here he is, Bruce Pearl. Okay, we now welcome on recurring guest friend of the program and he's getting ready for his second trip to the final four. It is Coach Bruce Pearl Auburn Tigers coach, congratulations, first of all, and I had to ask right off the bat, it's kind of like a, people forget that when you get to cut down the nets and you're going to San Antonio and you have a Final Four again with this Auburn Tigers team, people forget that you guys had a fight on a plane to start the season. Did you ever think you would be here? Because it is kind of, you guys were so phenomenal all year that that was completely washed away.


And it's probably a lot of credit to you, but it's been a wild season. Ha Has that any, has that entered your mind going to San Antonio and being like, man, this season started in a weird way? No. You know what, what, what jumps out at me Big Cat is the fact that on that trip we went to Houston And we had to play an an incredibly well coached, hard playing Houston team where we were gonna find out whether we were gonna be physical and tough enough as we progressed through the season to be able to be successful. And we played one of the best games that we played all year long, particularly late in that game. And I think once we were able to beat Houston or at least be on compete with 'em, we felt like this team had a chance to be pretty special. Yeah, Yeah. And you're right, you cut down the nets.


Is that the net right above your left shoulder there? Is that the actual net? No, That was that actually, that was the 2019 net. So I I I still, I'm hiding this net and not sure where we're gonna display it. Yeah, that's a tough question. It's like, what do you do with a great net? Do you, I I would think maybe frame it up, but it looks like you just put a nail through it and hung it up on the bookshelf. That's it, That's it right there. That's kind of, that's kind of how I roll. I'm not really in a frame, so let's just hanging up and, and get, let's go get another one. Yeah, I love that, that yeah, I would do the exact same. Just maybe put some chewing gum and stick it to the wall. But you got, you got a great game coming up against Florida. You are the underdog this week. Last weekend you were like, yeah, we're, I'm gonna self a point ourselves as underdogs against Michigan State.


I think you guys were favored in that one, but it was, it was a fantastic game. You actually are the underdog going into this weekend and you've lost to them once this season. So what, what did we learn from the loss to Florida that we're gonna take into this game? Well, PFD, you listen, I was not gonna allow us to go in against Tom izo in Michigan State where he was 10 and oh against the SDC in the N NCAA tournament and eight and two in the elite eight. And let anybody say that Auburn's not the underdog in this matchup. I don't care what the book he said. And, and I, and we've been that way all year long. You know, we were picked 11th or between 11th and 15th someplace in the preseason, And we managed to be number one for a while.


And, and then, you know, we go in as the overall number one seed. Florida handed it to us. They put 90 on us, they made 13 threes, they had 22 assists. They played beautiful basketball in our building. And you, it was one of the bigger wins of the year in college basketball. And so they're not worried about us or afraid of us or intimidated by us. They've seen it before, but it'll be a great matchup. And I do think it'll be a matchup of, of a great back court and a great front, front line and, and, you know, we'll have to make some adjustments. Obviously they put up 90, we're not gonna be playing on Monday night. Yeah. So it is fascinating that you, you guys have played all three of the Final four teams. You beat Houston, which you mentioned early in the season you lost to Duke at Duke and that you lost to Florida.


How much of those games do you take when scouting, you know, in April? Or is it like, hey, we're throwing that out, we're a different team now. That was all the way back in November or December for the Duke and Houston case. Well, you know what, you, you, you, you still look at the matchups. I see these coaches are successful because they are who they are and, and this is what we're gonna do and go stop it. And so there's not gonna be a lot of tricks in the bag and things like that. There'll be some adjustments. We'll certainly have to make some adjustments because what some of the things that we did, you know, weren't successful. That's what you look at. How much of these teams, two things, how much of these in teams improved since the last time we played? And then and finally, and probably the most important, what do you have left in the tank?


How much more step up do you have? Like, for example, in Atlanta, Jenai Broom demonstrated that there was step up to even a guy that's the, you know, candidate for the national player of the year. You know, Denver Jones proved that there was Step Up and so did Todd Pettiford and, and a lot of our guys did. So if we can continue to step up, we'll continue to win. Yeah. I I love watching Pettiford play. It's so much fun when he gets hot, there's it, it, you can just feel it. I think it was the game against Michigan where I, I even tweeted, I was like, he's getting hot right now. And you could see it like he hit one step back and then it was like the next three minutes he just owned the game. Does he always have the green light or are you sometimes having to say, Hey Tahad, maybe, maybe let's pass the ball a little bit.


Because if I were his coach, I would give him the green light all the time. I'd have, I'd have us losing with him shooting 40 times. Well, Big Cat, that's why you're doing what you're doing and I'm doing what I'm doing. Okay, fair. Because because listen, tahad, we need him and, and his teammates need him. But one of the things that you've gotta do to be on a great team is you gotta all have a little bit of sacrifice. You gotta share it. Miles Kelly needs shots. Denver Jones need an opportunity. We gotta put the ball in Chad Baker Azar hands, we gotta isolate Cheney. We gotta get the ball to the big fellow. JI bro we gotta get ka you know, some close ones and some lobster rim and get him his spots to offensive rebound. In other words, we're only as good as the sum of our parts, but we clearly need the little fellow to make shots and, and, and to make reads. And so yes, he does have freedom where he knows what he's supposed to do and when he is supposed to do it.


Okay. So are, have there been, has there been a game? I think there was one game, I think maybe it was the Georgia game where he went off where you just looked at him and you're like, it's yours. Go ahead. Like, you, you got this. Yeah, well he knows it and you know, there's a, there, part of the reason why he banged one and then got three more is because my offensive coordinator, Mike Berger, master went to him and, and, and, and those guys know the looks and they know the plays. And look, if you just let him do whatever he wants to do whenever he wants to do it, then your floor may not be balanced in transition. You may not have good offensive rebounding opportunities. So timing and spacing of some of the shots that he takes is absolutely vital. And he, and he understands that even though he's a freshman.


Yeah. I Did notice that he changed his shoes at halftime in the Elite eight. I don't know if you caught that. I maybe he wasn't feeling himself in the first half, but he came out in the second half. I was like, okay, it's on because he's, he's identified the problem now. He's wearing the blue shoes, he's gonna be hot in the second half. Was that a coaching point? Did you, did you tell him To do that? No, that's good. I didn't notice it. But that's, that's the play. Hey, that's the freedom you give your players. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. No, that's true. Alright, so another freedom guy, Chad Baker Mazarra. I love watching him play. Love that guy. He's, he to me, and you can tell me I'm way wrong, but like sometimes it feels like he might be the heartbeat, the energy heartbeat of your team in terms of like, he is very, he wears his heart on his sleeve. He's had some moments where he is been kicked outta games.


Do you, when you're coaching him, are you telling him anything, like giving him any guidelines or are you saying, Hey, we know that we feed off of what you're doing? 'cause there'll be times where, I think it was actually in the Michigan State game where it was like he stole the ball, he got a jump ball, he got a rebound. Like it all happened in like 60 seconds. You could feel the game shift just off of his energy. Yep. And, and, and, and I'll tell you what, Big Cat, even though he didn't score great in Atlanta, in in, in the Sweet 16 or the Elite eight, he affects the game in a lot of ways because he, he, he gets his hands on a lot of balls at six eight with those long arms. He, he's a really has great understanding about how to defend, how to communicate and, and, and he makes a lot happen.


I a lot of times when you give the ball to, like, for example, I want, when I give the ball to Todd, I want him to score first, score second and then make the easy pass with Chad. I I, I just want him to play. 'cause he'll score shoot pass and make the right read nine times out of 10. And so he's got a great feel to get, he's got stuff you can't teach. Yeah. He's got, he's got feel, and that's why I think you like him so much. Yeah. And, and yeah, he, he wears his emotions on his sleeve. He's passionate and he is just gotta channel that emotion into being something positive. And and he and he really tries to do that. Yeah. I I love watching him play. You're right. He plays with his hard sleeve as a coach, when you're watching him do, can you sense like, hey, it might be time to get Chad on the bench just for a second, let him take a couple deep breaths, maybe do some meditations in the back end.


100%. Absolutely. You know, teams are gonna go after him. They're gonna cheap shot him, they're gonna grab him. They're gonna hope that maybe he can, you know, lose control and, you know, a mis shot or a bad call or things like that. You could tell if he's gonna overcome it quickly or if just, just get him out. Give him another minute or two and he will always recover. But that's a good feel that you have to have that he has. And he always bounces back. So one of the, one of the wildest parts of the game in the Elite eight probably had had your heart up in your throat for a little bit was when Janiah Barroom came out grabbing his elbow, looked like he was hurt. I'm a a lip reading expert. It seemed like he said, I'm done like this is it for me.


Is that, was that what your impression was? Were you, were you shocked to see him come outta the locker room and say, Hey, I'm good to go? Yeah, I was. I I I thought that we were gonna have to play the last 10 minutes of the game without him. And I knew that Dylan and Cheney and the rest of the guys could hold it down defensively. I also knew that without him, our offense would be compromised and we'd have to do some different things. But when he came back out of locker room and I heard the crowd first, and so then I sort of turned and saw him walking towards me, kind of a stoic look on his face. I wasn't sure whether it was just coming out to support his teammates or whether he was gonna go in the game. And so I looked at him, I said, are you okay? He said, I think so. I said, do you want to go back in the game?


He said, yes. I said, well then get your ass in there. And it was good timing because Dylan Cardwell was popped. I was either gonna have to sub somebody or call a timeout and let Kap rest for a little bit. So it worked out, it worked out pretty well. It was a Willis Reed moment. Yeah. And can I Broom or his family were ever wondering how valuable, how, how much he is appreciated by the Auburn family. That State Farm arena was as loud when Janai Broom walked out as Madison's square garden was when Willis Reed walked out. Yeah, It was, it was a great, great moment. So how's he feeling? You obviously are going to not give us a, a straight answer, but maybe Wink at us or something.


Like, is he gonna be good to go? Come on Big Cat. I wouldn't do that. I wouldn't do that. Oh, he just winked. He just winked. Okay. So he is good. He's good to go. All I, all I could tell you is that, is that he's not gonna practice for a couple days. He, he needs to rest and recover, you know, and, and, and all year long he's bounced back from injuries a shoulder, an ankle. And I have no, I have no doubt that he'll bou bounce back from this. But we probably won't move him much until Thursday. Okay. If you, If you had to cut one of his arms off and he only had one arm, would he be in your rotation? Yeah, he would be. As long as we were cutting off the right arm, not the left. He needs that left arm pretty much.


Yeah. Okay. He Needs it. That makes sense. All right, so your matchup against Florida. This is interesting because you, Todd Golden, you, you hired him onto your Auburn staff when he was very, like he was, you know, he was in the private sector then he coached assistant coached at Columbia for a couple years, then he took take a shot on him, his career's been taken off, he's done great things with Florida. So it's a little bit of a, you know, teacher and student thing. Is there any part of that where you're game planning, where you know him well, he knows you well, where you try not to outsmart yourself? I, you know what, I, I don't, I don't think so. You know what, not only did I hire Todd, but I hired Todd when I first got the Auburn job.


In other words, when I hired my son Steven, and, and I hired Todd and I hired Harris Adler and a couple other guys that worked with us that first year. You know what I, I surrounded myself with, with with friends and family. Tony Jones joined me. He was with me at Auburn. And so, you know, and then we brought in the legend Chuck person who was a great, great player here and you know, so I trusted Todd and, and he really got his teeth cut here. I think he watched the way we wanted to try to run our program, saw some things that we did well, saw some things that we didn't do well and then went on and he's obviously, he played for a great co great coach at St.


Mary's. He's worked for some great coaches. And so it's no si surprise to me that he's done big things at, at such a young age already at Florida. Are there any though wrinkles that in your game plan where you're like, I know he knows how to stop this because he knows it. 'cause you've, he's, he worked with you hand in hand for a couple years. So is there anything that you, you are like, Hey, we know he's gonna expect this, so we gotta have maybe something a little bit different from it? Yeah, I, I think there's, there's a little bit of that, but, but there's more than anything, look, they know how we play. We know how they play to the best man win. I mean, I just think that sometimes at this point of season, we're not gonna, we we're gonna tweak, but we're not gonna tinker. Yeah. I mean, we are who we are and, and, And we know how we play best and the things that we do best.


And that's what we're gonna roll with. I, I don't know, you probably didn't, well you probably saw it afterwards, the Houston Purdue game, the blob at the end of the game by Kelvin Sampson. Do you have a blob that if I put a gun to your head, I was like, this has to work, otherwise you're dead. Do you have a blob that you're like, this will save my life? Well, Big Cat, we score 48% of the time on under basket out bounds plays. Okay. And that rank in the top five in the country. So it's a very, very dangerous place to have the basketball. Purdue does certain things in their coverage or with how they x out off the inbound passer. Kelvin Sampson knew that. So he put their inbound passer in a position where he would anticipate that he would jump off the ball, therefore leaving that window of opportunity available.


And he probably had that one in his bag. He just used it at, at the right time. Okay. Yeah, I've always wondered that if you've got a great play like that, I I would burn it like on the first blob of the night, I'd be like, yeah, okay, let's, let's use the play that we're gonna score on. How much does it take discipline to keep your best blob in your back pocket? It does. It does. We had a pretty good blob against, I think it was, yeah, it was Michigan, where we actually slipped Chaney Johnson to the basket anticipating that wolf would jump out and switch. We hadn't run that play all year long and it was about six or seven minutes left to go in a game and it was, it was a, it was a big bucket for us. So Yep. Coaches have gotta have some of that stuff in their bag. Now, do you, I know it's a little bit of a different situation, but do you ever see a a do you ever run a great slob and then you're like, I'm gonna use it as the blob?


Oh yeah, you could, you could turn that thing around. You can slob to blo blob. You can absolutely slob to Blob. I love that Blob. You can blob to slob. You can go backwards. Not everybody can, but I can. I love that. That's experience. That's a great coach, blo. That's why you're platinum four. Yeah. So is it, I I gotta imagine there's some additional pressure on you as well knowing that you, if you lose, you stand to make Charles Barkley look like a fool, like a damn fool on national television. Oh, Look, Charles Charles, I think picked Florida win it from the jump. I think his bracket has Florida and I think Charles's bracket actually has Florida advancing and winning the national championships. So, you know, Charles is large and he's in charge.


Yeah. And he's, and he's in charge of his own bracket. I do think he had us getting to the Final four though. I do, I I I just don't think he had us going all the Way. So he had Florida beating Auburn in the final four? I think he did. Mm, I think he did. That's either extremely disrespectful in his part or it's, he's a great friend because he's he's giving you extra bulletin board material. Yeah, Well we, we, Charles is a great entertainer, so we try not to take everything he says seriously. But listen, there's nobody, I'm happy in so many ways for Auburn, I'm happy for the university, I'm happy for our leadership. I'm happy for our student body. I'm happy for the students at the student athletes and their families that have all, you know, done so much to get their sons to this point in their lives and now being rewarded with, you know, being at the top of our game.


I'm happy for my coaches and, and their families and I'm happy for my family. You know, they've been so incredibly supportive and, And we just shared in this life And we share in this, you know, in, in this success and, you know, we're, we're incredibly grateful. And I won one national championship in division two back in 1995. And I've, I I I, I'm getting closer to, you know, where this is sort of, I'm playing, I'm clearly on the back nine. I don't know that I'm playing the 18th hole yet, but I'm running outta holes. Yeah, I'm running outta time. And this would be, there'd be no time like the present to get a national championship.


It'd Be big for the conference too. You're rocking the SEC on your shirt right there. Yeah. Some conference pride. If, if, if Florida were to beat you, would you root for Florida in the national Championship? Are you that, are you that pro SEC You know what, I I, I probably would because of Todd, but I gotta be honest, I've got great relationship with Vote John Shire and Kelvin Sampson and think a great deal about them and as, as competitors. So Yeah. But they would understand that Todd would be more personal than just about the league. But man, it, I, you know, at some point there's gonna be a picture of the final four coaches. I'm, I'm glad to be one of them. And I'm even glader to be in that picture with three guys that I know and respect really well.


Did you, so the SEC obviously had a phenomenal year. Did you see the stat though, that you guys were only 500 in in conference play? Yeah, I thought we would've been a little bit over 500 in NCE play, but that one caught me by surprise too. Okay. But fortunately we were a lot better than that. Yeah. In non-con play, you know, so yeah, that was, that we had to overcome all season long and no matter what we did all year long, you know, we just couldn't get over that 500 mark. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, even worse than that, a bigger black guy for the conference, I think is that you guys are gonna set the record for most NCAA tournament losses this season. That's true. Pretty crazy, right? Like overrated maybe.


No, There you go. That's that's not the spin that I'm looking for right there. That's, that's, and I'm not, and I'm not gonna be a party to that. 14 out of our 16 teams went seven, got to the sweet 16, you know, four made it to the elite. Eight and two are in the final four. So, you know, sometimes, you know, sometimes you don't deliver. I think the SEC has delivered. It just means more. It It, it has been an incredible season for the SECI. I had one other question about your end of the season. So this is also why I'm podcasting and your coaching. You guys finished the end of the season, losing three outta four kind of felt like it was fading a little as if I were coaching, I would've been like, Hey guys, we suck. It's over.


Like we, we suck. What was your message though to the guys? Because that was the, that was kind of a weird time where people were like, Hey, Auburn has had, their resume is impeccable, but what's happening here when we're getting to March and it's, it's time to play good basketball and they, they lose a couple games, they probably should have won. Well, yeah, there's two ways to look at it. One way, and this is the way I looked at it. We had Clint, the SEC championship at ru a week before the season was over. And we gotta go play the number three seed in the NCAA tournament, Texas a and m on senior night. All right, we don't play great. They, they play well. We lose the game. Alright then we gotta come home and play our arch rival Alabama.


We'd beaten him in a one-two matchup in Tuscaloosa. It'd be great to get the brooms out and sweep 'em, sweep 'em. Nobody wants to lose the arch rival. And we get beat on a, on a buzzer shot in overtime I think, or so I don't even know what, anyways, a buzzer shot, they were two seat obviously got to the Elite eight, then we go to the SEC tournament. We beat Ole Miss for the third time. Oh they, they, by the way, they were in the Sweet 16, so we were, the wheels weren't coming off and then we lose a game in the SEC tournament to Tennessee. They were two seed got all the way to the lead eight. So we lost the three great teams and no, you're right though we weren't playing our best basketball. I do think that we got a, a little bit of a wake up call against Alabama State.


My associate coach, Steven Pearl called us out. My captain, Dylan Cardwell called us out, said some things that needed to be said. And fortunately in the second round we cr we played one of the best nine seed in the history of the tournament in Creighton. Creighton had been to four last five sweet sixteens. And, and that was our matchup in the, in the eight nine game. By the way, the eight nine game is so scary for the ones Yeah. Because those teams are all capable of beating you. And, And we had to play really well against Creighton. And once we played really well against Creighton, I I knew that if we had missed a step, we were back. Yeah. Yeah. I like how you said your associate head coach Steven Pearl, is that how we do it? Not your son?


No, no. He is my associate head coach. So is there, is there like a, is there a line that crosses where it's like, hey, when we're home and, and your mom's around. We'll, you know, we could be father son, but when we're in the locker room, like we're, this is more, It's all time. He's the father of my grandchild, Lanie Lanie Marie, that's who he is. Yeah, Yeah. Associate head coach, You know, and, and, and he grew up, he grew up little buddy, he grew up as little buddy, the guy, all the players all called him little, little buddy. So I, no, I, I refer to him as son, but he is my defensive coordinator and he is my associate coach and we're playing for a national championship this weekend. So I love that. That's awesome. Yeah. Pretty special that being able to share that with your son is, is really, really cool.


'cause you know, I mean, like you said, you, you don't know how many more years, but I, and I assume that your son is gonna be a head coach at some point, so this, this isn't just unlimited amount of time. Yeah, Yeah, no doubt. And, and, and Big Cat, he's a Big Cat, big fan of Barstow, big fan of you guys. And you guys will enjoy having him on and years to come. Way more, he's way more entertaining than I am. But look, Steven could have left Auburn years to go and become a head coach. A lot of different opportunities were out there for him. But you know what, he wanted to stay, he wanted to help his father and you know, there's a little, there's a little godfather in this family, you know, I like that. I didn't want this, I didn't want this for Steven, I wanted it to be, you know, Senator Pearl. I know President Pearl.


I didn't want him to be associate Ed Coach Pearl. But that's the, but this is the business we've chosen. Yeah, I love that. Love that. Yeah, I appreciate that you're like, I don't, I I I want you to do better than I did. Yeah. I I, I was the one that was out here grinding as a, a basketball coach so you could achieve something else. It's like, dad, this is the line of work. This is, it's in my blood. Yeah. Oh man. That's great. You, so one thing that we, that we always pay attention to as fans is, is the big gyms that you have to shoot in sometimes in, in March. So you're gonna be playing in San Antonio, not necessarily known as a shooter's gym. It's a big, you know, big a lot of room behind the basket. Is that something that you guys can prepare for? Is that something that we over blow as fans watching the games trying to sound smart?


No, I think it's probably a factor. I just hope the wind is at our backs for the whole game. And you know, it's such, I'll tell you the, the hardest thing about playing in, in a dome is it takes me 20 minutes to go from the court to the locker room. Right. It's like, like a workout, like, you know, it's like, it's like three quarters of a mile to get from the, you know, from the, and then if you make that walk three or four times, you know, you kind of get your steps in for the day. And so like, I've gotta leave, I'm probably only gonna talk to my team for like five minutes at halftime. I will have to leave early to be able to get on the, you know, court for the second half tip. Yeah. It's like that was it the Deontay Wilder fight where he took like seven minutes Yeah. Walking out to the ring. By the time he got there he was gassed, got knocked out.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You gotta, you gotta play that in advance. Maybe get a scooter Yeah. Or like a golf cart to drive you out. That's no, IIII I'm not, I'm not quite scooter age yet. I have gotten my a RP card and if I did get a a scooter, I would get a senior citizen discount, but I'm not, I'm not there yet. Oh, That's good. Yeah. I mean, I just gotta find a way to make this limp look like a swagger. Yeah, Yeah. But it's not, it's it's definitely not there yet. I'm not there. Yeah, yeah. I mean, you, you have been a mainstay coaching for a long time. I, I always think back to, to the Tennessee days and how much, how much different college sports have become in those 15 years. Has anybody from the NCAA ever reached out to you and been like, Hey, sorry, sorry about getting you in trouble for having a cookout for feeding your players hamburgers?


No, no. Listen. No they haven't. And you know what guys, for me, honestly, the reflection is like, even if you do make mistakes, you know, God offers us grace and, and, and I I I don't know whether it's, there's any thing that kind of go along with it. Like you have to act a certain way or be believe a certain way in order to get the grace. You know, I, back in the day, I was accountable for my stake mistakes, you know, cost some people their jobs and the families of my coaching staff. And so I let some people down for sure. But I got, I got a second chance. And so there are, there are a lot of people that have accomplished a great deal, but without a second chance, they wouldn't be where they are.


So listen, I am just nothing but grateful, you know, to Auburn for giving me the opportunity to, to get back into coaching and, and, and, and, and, and, you know, let me lead this, this incredible university, by the way, you guys are too young, but you don't have kids old enough to kind of go to college. Like you should really, really look at this place. I, I, it's Amazing. I went, I, I went down. We, I, we saw you this year when we went and did the, the live show and I was just like, this place is, You guys ran for the Cal football game. You guys ran for the Cal football game? I can't remember. It might've been Cal, I can't remember what weekend. But it was awesome. It was incredible. Like the, it's picturesque. I, as long as I, I have three kids, one of 'em has to go to Wisconsin and the other two could go somewhere like SEC warm. So that's fine.


Well the Badgers have got a great football environment. Yeah. Camp Randall and that's, it's, it is, it's pretty, when you say Wisconsin, You send it all.


Alright, last question. Last question for you Coach Pearl Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com promo code take.


Alright, so I'll, I'll end the, the interview with how I started it. Let's just say you guys win on Saturday, Houston wins on Saturday, it's Houston Auburn. Are we doing a simulated fight in like a ballroom on a plane before that game? Just so like out of, out of tradition before you play Houston? No, no, No, we're not gonna do that. But listen, I wanna tell you, you a little secret about Calvin Sampson and I, we, we actually resemble each other. I'm a little darker than Calvin. His hair's a little darker than mine. And we, we decided a long time ago that if we ever got caught in the wrong place, he was gonna be Bruce Pearl and I was gonna be Calvin Stamps. But fortunately neither one of us travel in, in wrong places.


And so therefore we don't have to, we don't have to worry about that. So, no, that'd be like pray. That'd be like playing my stepbrother right There. Yeah, that'd be incredible. It it is. It's a, it's a great final four. It's pretty cool to be part of, you know, going into it the best Final four on paper that has ever happened because you all four teams are just so, so good and so dominant. So congrats again and it's, it's always fun to talk to you. Hopefully we have you back on. Maybe, you know what, we'll, we'll, we'll request associate head coach Steven Pearl after you guys win the national title. That'd be a way, way better interview. But guys, I hope, I hope the product delivers, but I do think you're right. I don't think you can name a fifth team that this year deserves to be playing for the national championship more than the four teams that are, are alive.


And there's something really, really good about that. Yeah, Yeah, agreed. I would agree with that. It should, it should be a, a great matchup, two great matchups and then hopefully a great championship game. Yeah, Yeah. Well thanks so much. Coach War Eagle


Coach Bruce Pearl was brought to you by Tax Act, great friends over at Tax Act. Want to remind you that it's already April, can you believe it? And your taxes are due on April 15th. Hank, do you have any tips? My tip would be to lock in, take it seriously and get over to tax act.com and use Expert Assist to answer all in any question you might have about doing your taxes this Year. They are a hundred percent credentialed, a hundred percent US based, so they know the ins and the outs of the tax laws. You can get the answers that you need starting at just 20 bucks. If you need a little help or a lot, they can answer all types of tax related questions. It's crunch time, you want to get it right. Tax Act makes it easy so you can get them over with and be done for the season. Hank, where should they go? Tax Act.com. Right now,


Bruce Pearl was also brought to you by Better Help. Part of my take is sponsored by Better Help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred bucks to 250 bucks per session. That adds up fast. But with Better Help Online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session with better help you pay a flat fee for weekly sessions, saving you big on cost and on time. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you can get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything. From anxiety to everyday stress, your mental health is worth it, and now it's within Reach. With over 30,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, I've gone to therapy in the past, I found it very, very helpful. I think a lot of people could use better help. A lot of people could use therapy and if you're thinking about starting therapy better Help is a great option to save you time, save you money, and your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/pmt today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com/pmt.


And now here's mid Woo Lee. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest fresh off of his first PGA tour. Win at the Texas Children's Houston Open. It is Minu Lee. Thank, first of all, congrats. Congrats on the first PGA tour win. Huge win. How does it feel to have that, has it hit your bank account yet? No, I'm waiting for it. It's, I think it's on a Wednesday usually. So I'm, I'm waiting for that notification and then I think it'll be a sweet one, but thank you. No, it feels surreal and yeah, it's, it's, it's a strange feeling 'cause it's, you know, you are doing your everyday life stuff as a usual week, but in the back of your head you're like, yep, I just won that tournament.


So it's a pretty cool feeling. Yeah, it was, it was a very fun final round. And, and there was one moment that I, I'm dying to know about. You hit it into the water. What, what hole was that? Four 16. You hit in the water. 16. And Scotty Scheffler, you know, obviously the guy right behind you in terms of the score scoreboard, were you like, holy shit, this is all gonna fall apart right here because I, I know that like from a average golfer, when you hit in the water, you're like, that's it. We're, we're packing in for the day. Yeah, a little bit of both. You know, I, I was so mentally like locked in that there was, there was a little bit of doubt. 'cause I know, I know Scotty made birdie on, on the 16th green and I can see that the only place I couldn't go is the water.


And Yeah. Decided to go over there. Make it a bit interesting. But a bit of both. A bit of both. You are thinking, hey, you know, this se I mean, what was it, the fourth shot that I hit after, you know, the tee shot was not easy, the second tee shot. 'cause you, you don't want to hit it too far left because that's, you know, that's a tendency. You hit one, right, you're gonna hit one left. So I managed to get it somewhere down there and then I hit it to, you know, had like a nine iron in and it wasn't like the easiest because there was a little bit of mud on the ball and you know, mud on the ball makes it go everywhere. So I had like a 30 footer and then made, made my bogey, which was I think, I think reasonable for that.


And then, you know, it was kind of game on, made two really nice pauses and got it done. But it was, you know, I was hoping Scotty didn't make 30 on either 17 or 18. 'cause that would've made it a lot tough. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you're, you're a lot of fun to watch. I like you for a brief moment on Sunday. I despised you and I'd like to give you a chance to clear it up to explain things so we can get back to liking you again. The eighth hole. Yep. Took 30 minutes to play the eighth hole. I think I said that. We gotta start stroking guys. After, after you complete the hole, I just mostly say we gotta start stroking guys. 'cause it's fun to say. Yeah. But it took you 30 minutes, a half hour to play the eighth hole. You hit your first shot under a tree and then you tried to figure out what you were gonna do.


Can you walk us through why that hole took a half hour? Yeah. Did someone needs to clear, clear that up? Was it 30 minutes just waiting on the T as well? 'cause we waited for a good five, 10 minutes there. That's a good question. I don't know. So, So I mean, it didn't feel like 30 minutes, but I think part of it was waiting on the T because Okay. That was obviously a moment that on social media everyone's like, yeah, 30 minutes. It shouldn't be like that. You should start stroking guys. But I mean, a couple holes later we like caught up to them and every hole was slow from then. So yes, that hole was slow, but I mean, we had to wait every hole on the back nine.


So it's not like it made that big of a difference. Yes, it was slow for that hole. And I'm sorry about that, but I mean, I had a tough decision. I mean, as an aggressive kid, like I wanted to, you know, get on my knees and hit that shot. But you know, my veteran caddy out here, you know, was telling me, Hey, you know, and it happened. That exact thing, what he said happened. And it could have gone either way, you know, in my situation I was like, okay, the lie's okay if I take a drop, it's a bit of a bear lie. And I didn't hit my two line good out of there. But, you know, I thought if I could whack it out, you know, 20 yards and still have a shot onto the green, I can easily make a par that way.


But there was obviously risk involved, so hopefully you like me after this. But it was like, it, yeah, it was, it looked bad. Obviously no one wants to take 30 minutes, but yeah, it took, it took a while. I mean there was obviously the whole situation with the toasty stuff, but that, I mean, yeah. Y yeah. Where is that right now? 'cause you did have a slow playoff that was going on that, that toasty was being accused of then slow playing you by walking behind. You love it. This is what we, this is what we tune in for golf for two guys to slow play each other. How, how, how, have you talked to him? Or is it, is it beef? Yeah, no, no, there's abs That's the funny thing.


There was ab I had no clue what he was talking about with the rules official on eight. So I didn't know anything, anything about that. I didn't know how it, I didn't know if it took 30 minutes. I didn't know if he talked to the rules official. 'cause after I hit my shot, I walked to the fairway and he was talking to a rules official. And I, and I heard bones say like, why is he talking to a rules official after all this time while he was waiting for me? And why couldn't he do it while I was hitting the shot? So there was a bit of confusion there. He was obviously talking about how slow I was. But in my defense, there's a hundred people right next to me and I can't look over to the other side of the fairway to get a number, especially on 18 as well, to get a number from the sprinkler.


If there was no crowd, it's easy. Like you can, like my caddy can step out, step it out. But when there's people nav like around you, it's hard to get a yardage. And I think, you know, that's a reason why rangefinder may come back in and that would've made it easier. I would've hit the shot within my time limit. Yeah. There was no beef. There was no beef. I mean, he stayed, I mean, props to him. He stayed towards the end after media, after my trophy presentation. So he stayed like an hour and a half to say, you know, this is, this is what happened on social media. And I, I took a glimpse of it on social media. I, I opened my Instagram, I saw something about it and I was like, I don't care.


I won the tournament. Like whatever. And it, it looked bad on toasty 'cause he was obviously, you know, walking back there. But he, he said he went to the bathroom, which fair enough that, you know, you are gonna be a hundred, 150 yards behind anyway. So, I mean, for the guys that want drama, like, I'm sorry it didn't, I don't think it's as beefy as it looked like, but No, I mean, I'm fine. We're fine. I think we're fine. But yeah, I I did like that the end, you had some fun with it and you did the aim point for your, what, like three inch putt to win the whole thing. And did you see the clip that Scotty actually laughed as well?


Which that, that, yeah, that we need more of that in golf. That was fun. Yeah. That, that was funny. I mean, yeah. Yeah. I, I just thought it was a funny moment. You're never gonna do it ever any other time unless you have that and you know, I'm a bit of, bit of the man of the people, you know, and I try to try to make some fun out of it. And there was no beef about that with toasty or anything. I just, I just told my cat, Hey, would it be funny if I did this? And he said, yeah. I Was like, okay, I'll do it. And it was just one of those things that I'm a bit of a jokester, so I just thought of that in that moment and yeah, it was funny. Imagine if you had missed that though. Yeah. Did you, did that thought cross your mind, like in the, in the 15 seconds after you did the aim point, you're like, I better fucking make it now.


Well, I wouldn't have done it if it was like three feet. No, that's, that's a bit of a different story. But because it was such a, you know, tap in, it was fine. But yeah, it could have been bad if, I think the, I think the, I think social media was like, oh, that's a bit tough and bad. 'cause like, you know, putting's hard and short puts are tough, but that was, that was short enough to do it. Yeah, no, I, I, I liked it a lot. So you have 3M that you've credited with your success. Would you like to explain what the 3M are? 3M The 3M the, the mustache is one. The mock turtle neck is the other. And then the mullet is the third. I'm not seeing Did you trim up the mullet a little bit?


No, actually I, the last time I trimmed it up was, you know, Vic blends. He, he, he cut my hair in Arizona for the waste management. So, and then I obviously got some highlights to have a bit of fun with it and yeah, I might have to keep that. So there was a, there was a moment in between where I had the mullet and the highlights. So I might, I might go get the mullet again and then the mustache, I've had it for a year or two. And yeah, it's just one of those things where it just stays and, you know, it's just your look. And what was the other end? The Mock turtleneck.


The mock turtleneck, okay. That's, that might be in the making. So look out for it. And I'm looking forward to whatever comes out, you know, a big week next week. So it might just make a appearance then. Oh yeah. So how are you feeling for Augusta? Can you win it? I think so. I mean, last week was a very big turning moment for me, you know, after the players a couple times, you know, I faulted a little bit and I just locked in last week. I, I, I dunno why I think I was a bit not a bit embarrassed about how I went about on Saturday and at the players.


And I think that's just all a learning to learning curve. I mean, you want to play as good as the first two rounds, but when you are sleeping on a lead and when you're doing that, it's just, it's just part of it. And it kinda, you have to take a moment to realize what happened, how was I acting, how was my body language? And I think that was, that was a big part. The second time, obviously at the players a couple weeks ago, that was, that was a huge moment for me. So, and obviously couple weeks like I bounced back and, and took the dub. So I think pretty, pretty proud of the way I handled myself. And that's gonna be massive for times coming. Yeah, Augusta would be a pretty cool one.


I play pretty good there, so, yeah, we'll See. Yeah. So you, you've played, this is your fourth masters at Augusta? Yeah. So do you feel like you are getting to a point where you know it better and you can start playing it, you know, in a more aggressive fashion? Because it feels like when we talk to guys about Augusta, it's like the first couple times you're just kind of in awe and you don't really know all the tricks. And then once you start figuring it out, you, you can start playing the angles and, and figure out where your shots want to be. Yeah, it's a bit of both. You need to hit it good, obviously you need to be on, on your game. Everyone can just say, Hey, you, yeah, Augusta is this, this, this, but you still gotta hit it really good. I came, I don't know, 14th in my first year and I got really comfortable with it.


I don't know, I just, I love the way it shaped for me. Not too many, like very straight holes. You need to do something off the tee, which I love. That's why I play, you know, pretty good at the players too. It just, sawgrass just suits my eye. I don't mind hitting a draw now and then, and you know, when everything's kind of firing, it's, you know, it's fun and I just love the week. There's something, obviously there's something about it, but you just have this feeling that, I don't know, you get there and you're like, shit, this is it. This is, this is the big dance. Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah. It's not in the, in the full swing documentary you were, they were talking about you and your sister.


'cause your sister is a very good golfer. I think that you said that she's better than I am at some point, and that if you practice more, maybe you'd be as good, but you just sometimes don't feel like practicing. Do you, have you, have you changed up your practice game at all since that taped? Have you like dedicated yourself more to it? Yeah, the last few years, yes. I mean, we probably recorded that a couple years ago. Right now I can say that I work hard and I don't feel like I leave too much out there, but yeah. Yeah, I guess, yeah, you change your routine a little bit, you know, when you feel tired, when you feel this, you know, you don't wanna do it, but you just kind of push yourself to do it. And obviously that, you know, it's helping and yeah, I've, I was always a talented kid, you know, I always, you know, kind of took the shortcuts, but you can't take shortcuts.


Yeah. If you wanna beat Scotty, you gotta work hard. You know, you gotta play good and practice hard to beat all these top players, so you're gonna fall behind if you don't. Yeah. Yeah. I got a dumb question, and I'm sure you get asked a lot. Obviously growing up in Australia, how many kangaroos do you have you seen, and have you ever had to fight a kangaroo? I said it was a dumb question. I said it was a dumb question. Yeah, no, no, it's, no, it's actually, you know, at the golf course that my coach used to coach at, there was kangaroos everywhere on the golf course. So I, I think I related a little bit to kind of like deers, you know, like some courses have deers on there and this course had it, and there's a few, there's a few courses that have, so you don't really see them too much in the wild, like, you know, in the city and stuff and when you drive around, but in like golf courses and some bush areas, you do see kangaroos and no fights, nothing.


You know, you go up to 'em and they usually run away, but some of them actually get up on their tail and try to box you up. But normally they just run away. So not really a dumb question, but yeah, it's, it's chill. Okay. Kangaroos are Follow up. Dumb question then. How many spiders or snakes have you killed in your life? I have. Okay. Spiders. Like, everyone thinks spiders in Australia are like massive. Yeah. And I don't think I've seen one that's, you know, bigger than, bigger than my fist. It's, That's a big spider. That's a big spider. I mean, okay. So I've only seen like a couple of them, but you just leave them and if you're in a clean place, like you're fine.


But if you are maybe in the desert in the bush and you know, you don't take care of your house, you're probably gonna get some spiders. But you don't, I mean, you don't kill too many spiders or snakes. I've seen two snakes in my life and you know, they just run away. So We got snakes on. So Someone being in Australia, it's not Yeah. That it's not as bad as what everyone thinks. We got snakes on golf courses here in the United States. Exactly, exactly. We called toasty, I mean, okay. Okay. An argument, dumb question, whatever. What about guns, bro? Yeah. What About 'em? Like I think spiders and snakes are a bit better than guns, to be honest. Good point. A good, the only way to stop a bad guy with a spider is a good guy with a spider.


Yeah, good point. Yeah, it's a fair point. Yeah. So that's my question, that's my question to you guys. No, that's very fair point. That's, that's fair. I heard that you got a, a nice congratulatory FaceTime from Justin Bieber. Is that true? Okay. Yeah, that is, that was wild. You know, I had a, I had my phone on Do Not Disturb because there was about a hundred messages every second when I was doing media. So I put on Do Not Disturb and I checked my phone log and you know, there's a couple friends and then there's Justin Bieber and I'm like, shit, I just, you know, kind of ghosted. He probably thinks I ghosted him. So then I messaged him, I said, media, blah, blah. And I was on the flight to Vegas and like just got on the plane and he FaceTimed me and I was like, holy shit, this is pretty, pretty epic moment.


Yeah. It, it was a very cool moment. It was very cool. It's, you know, my girlfriend's crazy. My usually my friends of girls are Yeah. Going crazy about that. And I mean, I go crazy. I talk to him a little bit and he's a, he's a legend, so, and he loves golf, so it's, it's very cool. Yeah. That's awesome. So I I, I saw a clip of you when you were trying, you were running some nicknames by some people, try to figure out a good nickname. Have we settled on Woozy? Woozy is probably the woozy is, I mean, woozy came from my Call of Duty, like gamer tag. So that's that kind of, and I put it on my yardage book on the, on the back of my pants. And that kind of grew a little bit and then obviously got got Chef and the Chapsky stuff, so yeah.


Yeah, quite a few nicknames. I I, I took the liberty of jotting down a couple others if you'd like to hear. I like this. Just kind of brainstorm. You can tell me what you think. What about your Australian, what about the wo and onion? Mm, That's pretty cool. That's good Woman onion. Pretty cool. Kanga. Woo Jack. Yeah, that's good. That's good. Kangaroo. Okay. That's good. Whoops. I did it a min. Mm That's more of a phrase Lyric A min. What's the, what's the a min for Like, whoops, I did it again. The Britney Spear song. Yeah. Nah, nah. Yeah. You're Bieber guy. Your Bieber guy. Yeah. And then the last one is Wo Centipede. Okay.


That's pretty cool. Woo Centipede. I like that. That's cool. Yeah, we Should get, does PGA tour have any events this year near Chicago? No, they got rid of, didn't they get rid of it towards the, and like it used to be a playoff event Because there's a guy who stands outside Wrigley Field named Ronnie Woo woo that he just woos all the time. That would be sick to have him out with you. Yeah, yeah. Just wooing behind you. Yeah, There were, it was the BMW, Right? Yeah. The BMW. Yeah, it used to be that. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, next time, next time you guys are in Chicago, we gotta get Ronnie Wu and your crew. Yeah, I like that. Yeah. So how, how are you feeling about Augusta? What would be success? I mean, right now, I mean, sky's the limit.


I feel good and I like the course. I've got the record for the front nine. I just need the record for the back nine, and hopefully we can put it all together. I feel very good. That's all I can say. Yeah, That's a good feeling to be, by the way, I should have congratulated from the start on being technically a better golfer than or better career than Jack Nicholas, because you've, you've surpassed his career earnings, so Oh, okay. Yeah, that, that's, that's great. Yeah. Congrats. That's gotta feel good. That feels good. That feels good. I mean, yeah, to say that I'm a better golfer than Jack Nicoli.


Yeah, that's pretty cool. I Mean, it's, it's in the, I don't know what your career earnings are gonna be after you won on Sunday, but he earned 5.7 million in his career. That's Pretty good. That's a lot of money. So, Yeah. And you've, I think you have surpassed that officially, so congrats on that. That's huge. No, I mean, you know what would be crazy would be inflated numbers what he earned. Yeah, that would be, that would be a joke. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. So our producer, Hank is a big golf guy. He spends I think 90% of his time golfing, 10% working. But he's a big fan of yours as I think we all are. And he's got a question for you. Yeah, I was gonna Ask about the toasty thing, but I guess I'm curious, I was watching a video of some other pros talking about how they, how much they visualize Augusta when they're practicing in the months leading up to it.


Like, is that something you're doing on the range where you're thinking about specific holes and specific shots? Or is it something you wait until like now to start doing? I, I think we have enough. This is every course. I think we have enough time to practice on the Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday to hit the shots. But yes, usually we have like stats guys and guys that tell us, hey, the course suits this. So, you know, a lot of the, a lot of people, you know, kind of hurt their career because Augusta is a real like, kind of a draw course. I mean, yes, you can hit fades as fade winners, but you know, people that hit fades no matter what, you know, they change their swing a little bit to hit draws.


So there's been a lot of stories about, you know, them trying to fit their swings to go to Augusta. But yeah, you do a little bit. You do a little bit. I think last week was a pretty good like warmup. I think Rory and a lot of other people say that, you know, it's a good, good warmup for it. And I wasn't really, you know, I just wanted to fit it in the schedule because I would've taken too much time off. So it was a last minute thing really last last week, and it was a very good decision. So a bit of both. I think you have enough time. Like I'll go to as Augusta on maybe Sunday and go out there and hit some shots. But we know, I mean, you watch enough, you watch enough videos on YouTube and you know, coverage to know what you have to do on the first, second, third.


So yes. Yeah. Do you, do you still get nervous, like at, at Augusta when they announced your name on the first tee box? Do you get nervous? Yeah, Of course. Yeah, of course. I mean, maybe not, maybe not. Like when you first get nervous, like out there it's, you're like, shit, where's this ball gonna go? But now it's probably like more of excitement, nervous, 'cause you know, you've, you've done it now and then and you've done it a lot now in front of a big crowd. So you kind of know to go back to things, go back to swing thoughts and stuff like that. So yeah, you do get nervous.


Yeah. Augusta for me is kind of, you know, the first to is a bit awkward. Like if you three wood might not get far enough, but driver's too far. So like, it's kind of an InBetween InBetween thing and you, you gotta stripe it or else you might be in trouble. Yeah. Yeah. Hank's Got, I have a dumb question. Yeah. Yep. Do you ever like, hit up the pro shop? Like do you buy stuff from the pro shop? Oh, Oh man. Like any pro, but even masters obviously, but any other pro shop. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So not many people probably know this. So I mean, if, you know, you know, but Augusta National, if you go there like weeks before masters or months before the pro shop is filled with Augusta National Golf Club stuff instead of Masters stuff.


So Masters week, it's only masters. So it is cool to have some hats and shirts and stuff that have just Augusta National Golf Club, because if you know, you know, yeah. That's when that you go there prior to the Masters, you can't get that during masters week. So Yes. Heck yes. I, I, yes. My whole, if you look at my house, there's a lot of masters stuff. There's cups, there's, you know, the first couple years I didn't have a house, so I couldn't get all the, all the, all the cool stuff. But now that I have a house I just bought, you know, a couple thousand dollars worth of stuff to put in the house, which is, which is cool. Which is what you want. Yeah. Do you download the Master's app?


Yeah, I mean, yeah, most of the time I watch every shot. Yeah. Yeah. It's the best app in the world, isn't it? No, it's a, it's the greatest app. Yeah. I mean, every app, every golf app should be like that. But yeah, it's, that's another, that's another thing for us, like athlete, like athletes, golfers, that we want to see how we swing the golf club. Like we don't know, you know, like my swing on 16 at last week, it wasn't really anything like the other ones, what do you do different? You know? So I obviously swung up a little bit too hard, way too hard. And that's something that we want feedback from. So every shot that we can see, which is, you know, which is awesome at the masters, you get to kind of either get good feedback or bad feedback.


So yeah, it's a great App. So let's just say that you had not listened to your caddy on the eighth hole last week, you would've hit that shot, right? You would've hit that so far On what? The one on my knees? Yeah, The one on your knees when you're trying to, you were taking out different clubs, seeing which one you Yeah, For sure. I, I think, you know, if you're playing with your buddies and like you're playing match player or something, yeah, you're gonna, you're gonna hit it. You're not gonna take a drop. But in this situation it, it's a big deal, you know, like if I mishit it or I hit it back in, if I hit it right into the trees and shank it, like you're making double or triple and that's what you don't need. And to make a, even to make a bogey there on such an easy hole, like that's, that could have been the tournament right there.


There was a lot of times when I was out there, I'm like, this swing is for the tournament, so don't f it up, you know? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, the scariest part when I was watching you set up for that shot and I was like, is he gonna hit this off his knees? The gallery that they had was in like a 10 yard alley for you. Yeah. It's like this, this shot. If, if a like a regular, you know, weekend golfer was out there hitting that they would probably kill somebody. But I, I think that even at like your stage sometimes they cut it a little close with the gallery. Yeah. Oh, well, for sure. I mean, yes, I probably would've told them to move if I Yeah. End up hitting that shot. But yeah, you know, the crowd's keen and they wanna, they wanna look at, oh, they wanna be as close as possible and be, have a front row seat.


So yeah. I mean they probably, they probably don't expect it, but I mean, yeah, it could have, could have happened something bad about, yeah. Alright, I have one last question. I think everyone else, Hank and PT might have a last question as well. Yeah. My last question.


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code, take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code. Take.


Speaking of Augusta, what's your favorite hole? My favorite hole. I mean, 16 is very special. That's a good hole. 16 is cool's. Yeah, man, every hole is sick. Every hole is, I think nine is underrated. 'cause the green 11, it's tough. Eleven's one of the toughest holes ever for anyone. Yeah. I think I would say that 16 is 16 is special. It's a good Hole. Yeah, it's a good hold. It's a great hold. The the right answer is the next one. The what? The next hole. The next one, The next hole.


Just next hole. Next hole Mentality. Yeah. But 16 works Every hole is important. Yeah. Every hole is important, don't They? Every hole. Every hole is important. All holes matter. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Every, Eventually you gotta put it into every hole. Exactly. Exactly right. I'm here. I, my last question isn't as much a question as it just me saying, I think I'm gonna bet, bet on you at the masters. I think, I think I'm now in the Wu-Tang clan. I feel like I gotta back you because you hit the ball a mile, which I love. You got the mullet, you got the mustache, you're Australian, you're checking a lot of boxes. So just know that. No additional pressure, but I think I'm gonna sprinkle some money on you at, on Augusta.


Alright, well, I think I can't speak about that, but yeah, I mean, let's, let's do it. Yeah. All right, Let's Go. Do you have a last question, Hank? When you're changing something with your, with your swing or your game, how much, how much is data? How much is feel? A lot of both. I think it's gonna look somewhat where you want it. So that's the feel part. You obviously gotta exaggerate it. You know, if you're hitting a draw and you want hit a cut, like you gotta really slice, slice it to, or let's do the opposite way. If you want to draw it and you're a slicer, you got to really drop it inside and draw it, you know, so what you feel, you gonna record your swing, you gotta record it.


See? And your swing might not be there. So you've gotta really, really feel it. And then yes, there's data. There's gonna be times where if you have a TrackMan or yeah, a TrackMan behind you and you are hitting, trying to hit that shot and you're still over the top and hitting a minus, you know, club path, which means a cut. Like that's, yeah, there's a big, there's a big feel and data. Yeah, there's, I mean, they both kind of go together. Yeah. Okay. Well, Minu, thank you so much. We appreciate it. It was great having you on. And best of luck in Augusta. Yes, thank you guys. Thanks for having me. Congratulations. I hope it Yeah, yeah. Congrats. And, and, and look forward to you getting that, that wire into your bank account on Wednesday.


That's gonna be sick. Yeah. You might get a, you might get a message from me. Okay. But Yes. Love it. Love it. Thanks man. Thanks Boys. Appreciate it.


Minu Lee was brought to you by Experian Madness in March is good madness and credit is bad. To take control of your credit and your finances, make sure you pick the Experian app. Experian could be your financial Cinderella with tons of free tools at your fingertips to help you take control of your financial life. The amount of free tools you get with Experian could fill a bracket with things like your free FICO score. You could boost your, your FIO score instantly for free. With Experian Boost, they give you free access to a marketplace of credit card loan and auto insurance options all matched to you. And you can freeze your credit file for free, helping protect you against identity theft. Make sure you're ready for your one shining moment with exp with Experian. Go to the app store, download the free Experian app today. They've been a part of our march with the Experian bracket busters. Shout out to the foreplay boys. Experian, hook them up. Great. Pick on their part. Results will vary. See app stores for details, go to the app store and download the free Experian app right now.


Minu Lee was also brought to you by our great friends over at a 24 from a 24 Alex Garland and Iraq War veteran Raymond Doza, present warfare, a visceral boots on the ground story and embeds audiences with Naval Sea Navy Seals stationed in an Iraqi apartment building. It's in IMAX and theaters everywhere on April 11th. Get tickets now. That's right. From a 24 comes Alex Garland and an Iraq warfare veteran. Raymond DO'S show Warfare. Warfare is boots on the ground. You're in, you're inside an Iraqi apartment building with Navy Seals and IMAX and theaters everywhere. April 11th. Get tickets now.


Okay, let's wrap up the show. Hank, you got some FAQs? I What? Prop slash item shown behind Big Cat and PFT or any item in the studio has the most lore or backstory associated with it. I told everyone about the Dan Marino show the Octopus. Yeah. Dan Marino's wedding photo. I've got a lighthouse here. That's The octopus behind That One was sent to us for the BVT. First episode only episode. It is a octopus in formaldehyde that someone sent us And we opened it up in a box on the first episode. That part of my take it is gross license plate was sent when we first moved to New York from a kid from situate.


Shout out to Andrew, but that has somehow survived the long haul. I like this. This picture from Tiger King is a very moment in time chilling. Michels, our good friend painted this for us. It's the dude on the jet ski doesn't really have any meaning. It's more like, oh remember Covid? Yeah. We got wing knot sauce back Here. Wing nut Sauce. Wing knot's. Big part a part of my take lower Jeff Fisher. Yeah. Caricature of Jeff Fisher. One of the OGs. A part of my take. Jeff, my DC defender's jersey. We could, We could, we could clean this place up a little. I kinda like it.


Yeah. I wish we had better, we need, this needs to be fixed every time we hit it. I feel like they're not fastened correctly. Can we do that? Yeah. Hank, I'm trying to remember why I bought you that. $500 Cowhead. I want to bet, you Know what The Arizona, it Was Arizona something To do with the Southwest Super Bowl. Yeah. Something to do with that. It was, yeah. You had to buy me $250 worth of Arizona. Yeah. Southwestern lo. Yeah. Okay. I wanted to, I mean, bring hang out in my house, then it got broken. The Blake Bortles jersey. Billy. Yeah. The Blake Bor. Oh, game ball from Big Dom. Big dom. Big part of the show. Big part of the show. Big Dom.


And that's a real game ball. Not from Jerry O'Connell. No, that's real. That's from Big Dom. Really Big Joe. Yeah. Is there one result of a game you wish you could change for show purposes? Only? See if you guys, this guy gave an example. Curious if you guys would think of it. I, you know what I I, I wish Big Cat could've won the Hail Mary game. Oh, I really wish that wouldn't been so good For You. Just, or if it was just a single dink No, I I, okay. I wish it was a triple Don. Yeah, I guess that would be the one. Yeah. I wish it was. I think worse. I think the Bears could have won the Super Bowl that year. Honestly. I do. This guy Said UCF over Zion's Duke.


I would have a five Yearold. Oh, I would have a Five-year-old. He's right. I would've a five-year-old Castle now named LeBron Lockwood. That's 100% right. I also, I'll say this, I wish did, did you guys ever get to a game seven against the Sixers? Yeah, I would've liked for the Sixers to, to beat the Celtics just to Max have one on that. That would've been nice. Also, the, what was it, two years ago? Was it the, was the overalls. That was the NLCS. I won a max in the World Series then too. Remember they were up. This is a Diamondbacks. Yeah. Pretty much anything Max. I want, I want 'em to win. We just won. It's True. Yeah, he did. But I I, you gonna, the White House, I root for my guy Max.


Yeah. I would've liked the Jets to win one more game in that stretch this year to have memes just strung along a Little bit more. Bill Bill's winning that the 11th second overtime. Oh yeah, That's a good one. Would've been great. Yeah. If, if the Jaguars had beaten the Patriots in the a FC championship game. Blake Boles goes to the Super Bowl. Blake Boles and the Super Bowl would've been scenes. The Cat one of those is the winner. Yeah, that's absolutely the winner. Good call. What's up, Big Cat. Petite. PFT, horny. Hank and Mad Max. Are there any non-athlete guests that you all have been wanting to interview but haven't been able to? Any of the guys from Blink 180 2? Glen Powell. What's the guy in White Lotus?


Oh, favorite Walter. Favorite guy. That guy. Yeah. Great. He's Ma. Awesome. Oh, Shala May's a great call. Max Shaima way to opt back in Goggins. Danny McBride. Danny McBride. Great call because that's, You get Goggins in. He's in that show too. Yeah. Yeah. Danny McBride. Great Call. Miley Will. Faroh would be fun. Will Faroh would be fun. Vince Vaughn would be fun in person. Oh, and Wilson Ben Stiller. Ben. Ben Stiller. Yeah. What a g Let's get him on. Yeah. Severance. All right. Last one. Okay.


Which PMT guest. Oh, I know the answer to this. I think. Which PMT guest had the best career after being on PMT? Oh, actually, no, nevermind. I take mine back mentally. I mean, Josh Allen has to be up at the top because he came on PMT before he even got drafted. Yep. Yellich Yellich Pretty, he was pretty high. Was pretty big though. But he, I mean, He blossomed. Brooks won a couple majors after He had won one. He had won One and He, so he won four more. Yeah, four more is pretty high. Yeah. That's pretty damn good. Jimmy Tetro, we remind him all the time that How many Tim Tero literally like we made his career. Yeah. His Entire career. He didn't, it wasn't when he was on, but I always laugh at the, the 49 ERs hotel.


Oh yeah. George Kittle. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. When, when, when McGlinchy and, and Joe Staley were like, Hey, we got this rookie who loves you guys and listens to every episode. Can you take a picture with him? And we're like, yeah. Kittle. Like fucking best tight end. And the man, I mean, the answer might be, well, I guess he's not a guest, but Charlie Woods. Charlie Woods future guest. That's a good question though. Yeah. I mean, I think, I think it's Josh Allen, Brooks, Kittle And Kittle. I think those are, those are the top of the line. Because those were, those all were very early that we had them on.


And they've had very good careers. Ryan Whitney. Ryan. Whitney was a nobody. That's true. And then it became part of my take. And now he's got a world class podcast and, and a line of liquor. Now that I'm obsessed with golf, it's all I think about. It's all I watch. It's all I consume. It's all basically my entire life. I laugh thinking about those Brooks interviews. Yeah. And like, how little I like, I didn't like, we were just like, yeah, we got Brooks Capo. And I was like, who? Yeah. And then, you know, at that time I was just setting up and recording interviews and I was just like, yep. Another interview. Cool. Pretty Good. And now I like go back and watch like, I've watched, you know, 2018 Brook's, final round Shinnecock, like 2018. Like You're one of those sickos that watches two hours.


Yeah. Helps me go to sleep. Yeah. Jack Gokey. Yeah. He's in the G League. What's he doing? I think he's on Detroit G League. Caro Caruso. Great guy. But he's always been good at basketball. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Okay. I think that, that's a good question though. Max, do you have any? I'll think more about it. Any guys? Max? You got anyone? Anyone? Max? No one. Come On. Max Schwarber. Yeah. Schwarber. Schwarber. We had Schwarber on before the Cubs World Series. That was 2016. It Was No, no, no. It was after. It was after he towards Acl l You're Right, you're right. It was right after. So that doesn't, that doesn't count as much.


That's a good question though. We'll have to think. I'll have to think about that. That this is one of those questions that I'll, I'll think about like at like midnight tonight. Be like, oh shit, we missed an obvious one. So one we had on when they were super early on and then went on to do great things. Jayden, we had him on before he won the Heisman. That's True. That is true. Jayden is, is Although, no, he won the Heisman. I think he did it with the Heisman. Oh, he did? Yeah. Okay. So right after. Yeah. Yeah. Because I was thinking Joe Burrow was like, he literally won a Heisman in a national championship. So it's kind of, are you doing pug? You might have to, you might have to edit a little tonight. No.


Yeah, I was listening in. I couldn't tell. Yeah. Well, no, you don't have to edit. You just have to put it like, there's no edits needed. It's just, you're gonna have to put it out. You're gonna have to make sure that nobody else sneaks in and edits. That's fine. I'll, I'll do my best. Okay. I had the real answer to that question, but that might be Hank. Oh, It was on episode one. Part of my take half asleep. Now. He's about to date Sidney Sweeney. That's true. Retire at 40. He's basically the next impractical joker with what he did to Max today. Yeah. I didn't do anything. I was rooting for Max. You're the next. I was bewildered, stunned. I texted Memes. Oh, he took the headphones off Of that. I texted memes. It was like, there's no way this is happening. Right. Like, I thought Max was in on it.


Alright. Numbers 360 1. Juan, keep Getting me fixing the camera. I'll do 15. 15 Also. Patrick Mahomes. You guys interviewed him before He Oh yeah. Before he won a Super Bowl. Good call. You got him On the loss. Yeah, that's true. Max number, you can't come on. Dude. Didn't win his first. No. Oh, he Lost Brady. Yeah. Max, you gotta do a number. Come on. We all love you. Me? What? What, what number? Yeah, what number? Max. Max has been lowering his headphones so he couldn't hear.


Oh, Okay. I didn't have headphones on. What number? Max Memes can have my number today? It's gonna be, no, That's not, I get two. That's not, that's not Official. Memes gets my number. Memes was in on it. Memes heard. No, but Jerry O'Connell, he heard the call. No memes. Mem I, I don't talk. I don't Talk. But memes was being nice and he was saying that April fools jokes are lame all day. And he agrees. Still agrees that this was a lame Idea. Wait, you still think it's lame? Yep. That was, that was a good one. Yeah. 99%. I was just Giving you my fucking number, dude. I was just giving you my number. All right. Max, guess your own number? 78. 78. I took 78. Good. I hope you did take it.


I don't, I don't want a number anymore. Did you actually have 78? Nah. Just kidding. Oh yeah. Oh no. You got 'em again. 99 Poke. Shane. Jack. 44. 21. All right. Memes. You had 15, right? Yeah. What'd you have? Pft? 61 of three. Hank One, Max has 78. Memes has 78. Thank You. Max has 78. Two numbers. 97. 97. You wanna do one more? Yeah, I'll do one more. Let's do one more. Everyone say your numbers, memes. You want it? Two, three. Go Ahead. Memes. What? What? I'll take 15 Memes.


What's the second number you want? 44. 44. That's not memes number. That's your number. Max. Max. I'll make a deal with you. If you get the number right now. You can edit the podcast however you want. Nope. I don't even want the, I don't want the deal. I don't want you to have the satisfaction of the deal. He's smart. He is learning. Good deal. He's learning. He's learning. Nine. Nine. Put. Oh, 28. Alright, I have 15 me memes has 360 1. What do you have Hank? 2 92. Love you guys.