
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have a twofer for the people. We've got four time Blake of the year, Blake Griffin on the show to talk some hoops. Catch up with him. Been way too long. And then we have Owen Wilson. He's got a new show out on Apple TV called Stick. Really great show. We talked to him about his career cars. Wow, all that stuff. We're gonna recap some playoffs because we had an incredible, incredible game.


Four in the Stanley Cup final, and then we had an incredible game three in the NBA finals. So we're gonna talk about both. We're gonna do some NFL Talk. We got Fire Fest US Open,


and it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA finals are here. This is your last chance to bet on the NBA until next season. And DraftKings Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NBA is pulling out all the stops to make this a finals. To remember, one team will be Crown Champ and the other will be lost to history. Who you got winning it all. Put your hoops expertise to the test. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop. Now. Who's gonna carry their team to the chip? Try placing a bet on your personal MVP to drop 30 40 over 50. Ready to place your first bet. Download the DraftKings Sports book gap now locking your bets and finish the season as a winner. Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customers bet $5. Get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA this season. Download the DraftKings Sports Work app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins when you bet five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Wire at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. And eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio. Okay, let's go.


Hey, Football guy. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Don't miss your last chance. Chance to bet on the NBA this season. Download the DraftKings Sports book app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours.


Today is Friday, June 13th and the Edmonton Oilers are very much alive. What a game. PFT. The Oilers were down three. Nothing in the first period. They were deader than dead. It felt like it was a coronation for the Panthers. They fight all the way back. They tie it three three, they go up four three and then they give up a goal with 20 seconds left to go to overtime. And then Leon dry Seidel fourth overtime goal in these playoffs. Insane. That was Puck baby. That was some great puck. Yeah, it's been great. That what a what an incredible game.


It had everything, all these games have edit everything. And this one, we even had a goalie getting benched in the first period. Skinner gave up three goals to start the game. Got him outta there. If you were to inject him with truth serum, would you, do you think he wanted the Oilers to, would he want them to win the Stanley Cup if he was benched? Mm. Well, may yes, because he probably he would, he would come back. So yeah. Yeah, I think so. That'd be a tough one to come back from. I mean, it's still the, it's still the whole, You'd want your boys to win. Yeah. You want your boys to win. But he, I mean he, he's gonna start, he's gonna start game five. You think so? Yeah. I think they'll go back to him. I don't know.


Maybe not. I don't know. Yeah, maybe not, maybe not. I mean, he, he's got 'em there. Obviously the last two, whatever four periods have not looked good. Losing six one and then tonight in the first period. But I don't know. Yeah. I I, I I actually have no idea if they'll go back to him. Yeah. I I think if they do go back to him, that would be a big risk from, from the coach. And if they don't go back to him, I feel like that's the less risky play at this point. Yeah. Hold on. I'm gonna text Yans and ask him right now what he, because he's a Panthers fan, this would be good. Do you want want them to go back to Skinner or not? Yeah.


Okay. Them to go back to Skinner. I've gotten to the point now be, I don't know if you're the same watching this particular Stanley Cup finals when the game doesn't go to overtime. I'm pissed off. Yeah. I mean, it's been incredible. We had, we had one clunker of a game. The other three have been just instant classics. And like I said, Leon Dry side a fourth overtime goal in, in these playoffs. Insane. The, I think I saw the stat it was Teams are 20, or I think it's 27 and oh no, 37 and oh maybe when up three plus goals in the, at the end of the first period in the Stanley Cup final. Yeah. So 37 and oh now 37 and one after the Panthers blew that and it was, it was over.


It felt very much over. And the Oilers just kept, there was like a five minute stretch in the second period where they just kind of woke up and took the game back and the Panthers were like stunned. I think the Panthers thought it was over as well. 'cause they, they, they just didn't have the same edge. And it's awesome the whole, oh, it's just great, great puck. We've had great puck. We've had great ball too. Yeah. I, I actually have, I've got the NHL up three games to two against the NBA in the finals. Ooh. Okay. So, so Friday night is a must win. Yeah. For the NBA to, to extend the series. I Think that's fair scoring. You know, who else thought that the game was over? It was not just the Florida Panthers Who Our good friend Paul Binet.


Oh Yeah. After the first period. Yeah. Oil got nothing. They have no room Anaconda choke hold game over the Anaconda choke hold is that's, you only break that out if you a hundred percent you break out after the game. Yeah. Ana Anaconda chokehold with 40 minutes left in the game. Is it, feels, feels, you know what though? We all make those tweets. Fuck. I've never, I've never heard. We All make those tweets. We all tweet with passion. I was gonna say, if we're doing stars for the game, I think the, the, the guy who deserves all the credit for the Oilers is not Leon Dry. Seidel is not Conor McDavid Taylor Swift? No. Well, Taylor Swift, that was, we had some flashbacks to, to watching NFL Sunday.


It was actually the first time that the NF L's coming back where they just kept on going to Taylor Swift during the game. We're like, what? Okay. And it, it's not, it's not Pickard who came in for Skynyrd. It's Beans Guy. I don't know if you saw this. I Saw the beans. I don't, I don't, I don't get the beans guy. So explain the Beans guy to me. Okay, so this is young Booze 69. Shout young Booze 69, the juice man, after the first period, he, he's an Oilers fan. He was sitting on his back porch and he said two, two pounds of rally baked beans. That's how you lead from the front. And he started eating two pounds of baked beans, big Tupperware container.


The Oilers came back, he was like halfway through the, the, I think the third period. He's like, I'm gonna throw up, this is getting a really tough to do. Thank God I've had enough whiskeys to shove two more pounds of beans down my throat. So he just kept on going. He kept on just pounding beans and he brought the Oilers back. I I'm willing to give him the start of the game if he finished the beans. I'm, I think he, I think he not only finished the beans, I think he reloaded the beans. Did, let me, let me see. What's it rally Boo? 69 Young booze 69 Young. Is it Y-U-N-G-Y-O-U the, the correct spelling of young booze with a Z 69. You Know what, I'm just gonna look up rally beans.


Yeah. And see there he went, I mean he, he, he rally beans. You gotta give him credit. He went all out. He went all out for the team. The team was, was in a dire situation and he went all out for the team. Shout out to pick and save screaming two for one deal and family-sized baked beans can pass something like that up. That's true. He said dripping in oil. Yeah. What a fucking win. Never doubt Bush's baked beans. Yeah, dude, this guy was just pounding beans. Okay. Till, till the oilers came all the way back. I don't see, I wanna give him some credit, but I don't know if I can make him start the, I I see no, no info that he finished the beans. I think he reloaded the beans because he said he, he drank enough whiskey to have another two pounds Job.


You gotta you gotta finish the job. I I will give him, I'll give him one of the stars of the game. Isn't the proof in the pudding though? They came back, they won the game. Yeah, they did. It was, it was incredible comeback. It looked, the first period was like all panthers and there were times in overtime it looked like it was all Panthers too. Yeah. Yeah. I mean there was a, there was a, the Panthers, was it a, was it a crossbar or a post that they hit that would, that felt like it was, it was over and it was just like, oh. And there was that stretch where the Oilers had their, their their d on the ice for like a minute and 45. And you could, you could tell that it was like getting to that precarious situation in overtime where like, these guys are gassed and they're gonna make a mistake and you can't make a mistake in overtime.


But then Leon dry side will coming off the bench, just throwing the puck at the, at the net. Like he, that wasn't even a really a shot. It was a one-handed shot where he is like, let's just make something happen. And those type of goals win games. Yeah. I think it was off the crossbar. I think the, the save of the night was the shot to the face. The rarely seen shot to the face. I think it dented his face mask too. Yeah. To the point where the refs had to step in and be like, Hey man, you okay? Yeah, I'm a hockey player, I'll be fine. We didn't wear face masks until like 10 years ago. And he's like, good point. All right, let's keep playing. Yeah. Alright. Ys hasn't gotten back to me. Neither is Whitney. I'm gonna try to call Whitney real quick to see if we can just get a, a Skinner update. Okay. I also sent him the Riverside, so, but I doubt he's gonna join.


He's probably, he Whitney's in the point of the week in Florida where he did a post game video and he has no voice left. I I saw a clip of the two goalies after the game and they were like shaking hands and it looked, it honestly looked like they did a handshake line after Yeah. The, the two goalies to each other. We saw real life passing the torch. That's what I'm thinking. Yeah. Alright. Whitney's not picking up. We'll try, we'll try Grinnell his handler and if that doesn't happen, we'll just go without any, any of our guys. What do I mean? What did you see? Oh, bad sports town. Yep. How do the, how do, how do South Florida fans not learn after Ray Allen? I don't know how you would think that if all the sports towns in America, that would be the one that would be sure to have enough energy to stay through the end of the game.


That and just like you're, you have the pr like probably the number one when you think of fans leaving early and it going the other way. You think of Ray Allen. You do. But I think that Panthers fans might be different from heat fans. And I also think that like true Miami Heat fans, like true Miami sports fans, they wouldn't learn shit from that lesson. That's true. All right, we're gonna give one try, one try to Grinnell and if we can't get him, we're just gonna keep going with some US Open talk. I we also have a, the amount of tweets I'm getting about going to game seven are getting troubling. Yeah, I'm getting quite a few. I Think Kat Hey, are you with Whitt?


No, he, I'm not allowed in his box. He told me he saw my nose and he told me I was not allowed Anywhere near his, It also goes from Merle's memes and Kolby as well. He said they're not allowed anywhere near his box. Wait, so is he, is he alone right now? No, he is with, he's with our photographer. He's also with Asha. It's just, yeah, it's just, Okay. I have No, I have no Idea. All right. Wait. Hey, wait, wait. Are you with Merles? I am with Merl. Put Merles on the phone real quick. Alright, I got you. Merl. This is just go, they've been in Florida.


They've been in Florida for like seven days. Where'd bur go? They can't find anyone. This is awesome. Burs in the bathroom. I'm sorry. Where? Arm? Gimme arm dog. What is Army? Ask him, how long do you think he's gonna be the bathroom for? Army Left. Who's there? We got, we got memes. Girls is in the bathroom. He is on TT and won't let us in his spot. And And Ian is gone. S gone. You guys are a mess. Hey. Yeah, we're all over the Place.


Alright, gimme memes. Gimme memes. Alright, I got you. Memes. Other memes. Memes Come here. Chile has a memes too. One PMT. Alright, you're on PT. How did I get with Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up memes? Hey, you're, what's up? We, we, we just had to go down the line of, of Chiclets guys. So we're gonna ask you do, do the Oilers. Do the Oilers Go go back to Skinner. Hang on. Yeah, they're going Skinner for sure. Burs is here too now if you want 'em. Alright Jimmy, Let's ask him. Hey, poor nine. Does Kyrie back up please? Nine. Here we go. Liz. What's that? Are we live?


Yeah, we're live. Hey Merl does, does, do the Oilers go back to Skinner? No. No. Oh, you think he's done for the series? So Yes. So what happens in hockey is when you put a weaker goalie in, all the guys smarten up and play a little tighter, a little smarter. They start blocking shocks. If you look back in the old, I forget what year it was, this guy, the hamburger, do you remember him for Ottawa, the goalie? Sure, sure. Andrew Hammond. He went 20 in one. He was like from the third league, the East Coast Hockey League. And they brought him up to Ottawa and they threw him in the net. And all the players knew that like if they let a shot go through, it was going in the net.


So they all just started blocking every shot and then just like not making high risk plays. So they just played such a simple game and then they eventually win the game. So that's what happens with Picker. Okay. So you think that, you think Skinner's done for the series? I think he's done for next game. Okay. For next game. So he could be back in the series. Yeah, he play the hot hand. Okay. Wi whi Whitney's on Hinge. W what? Completely. Yeah, he kicked you guys Completely lost it. He Kicked you guys outta the box. Yeah, he's yelling and screaming at some of his best friends in life to get away from him because they scored two goals when we weren't next to him. So he kicked us outta the suite. We had to leave.


We're like, dude, but we were there for the first goal to start the comeback. And he's like, no, but you weren't here for the second and third goal. Screaming and yelling at me, kicking me out of the suite And we were in. Okay. All right. All right. Thank you Merles. We appreciate it. Yes, all I'll talk to you later. Oilers. And six Oilers and six there. Wow. There we go. I like that. Save us a trip to Edmonton. Seven. Alright. No, I don't wanna go to Edmonton. I heard your in now if we Seven, maybe. Maybe. Alright, see ya. Love You guys. Love you too. Bye. Merles is the best. The, the moss pit looked awesome tonight. The moss moss pit looked incredible. Yeah. The the the, what's her name? The woman who dresses in all silver.


Fuck Yeah. She doesn't. Mama Stanley, I believe She doesn't really react that much. She just raises the sign that says Believe or whatever. Believe. Yeah. Yeah. She's very, very demure. Incredible game. Incredible game. Alright, so maybe they go hot hand. I Ys did text me back, but he hasn't, he just wrote back me question mark. I don't care. I said, I said, do you want them to go back to Skinner or not? He said me. I don't care. I have a question for you. Big Cat has, has hockey tricked us into saying free hockey just by taking away the fourth quarter. And then whenever it gets to the fourth quarter, we're so grateful to have a fourth quarter.


That's a good point. That's a good point. I mean, I still love it. Don't get me wrong. I love overtime hockey in the playoffs, but I really wish, I really wish we had gone gotten to that eighth overtime so we could get the rules in the envelope in, in Toronto. They actually just call it a tie. Yeah, yeah. Alright. Should we talk a little US open real quick? The open championship. Yeah. The, the US Open wasn't impressed with the golf course. A lot of talk about the golf course. Then we got all the excuses from everyone right after being like, oh, it's soft, it's soft. The golf course is soft. I still wasn't impressed. I think that the golf course had a, a decent opening round. It was okay, but I was expecting, I was expecting like carnage everywhere.


Like there Six guys under par. I understand Hank, I wanted no guys under par. I wanted carnage everywhere. Did you want golf to play? But the way the course is gonna firm up Hank The way that it was talked about, true or false? They were saying that this was like the most impossible golf course of all time. There's Six guys on their par after one round. That, that Six too many. I think there were 10 guys that didn't have a birdie today. Six too many. I think that I, I think that big cat's right in that the course was talked about, like we expected golfers to be bleeding when they left the course. Like also there would be golfers spitting their teeth out. They'd be bleeding from the nose, they'd be puking.


And so far the best that we got was just like some guys losing their balls in the rough. But also I, I do thi I do think Hank's right, that this is what happens with the course. It's the opening round. The course will look, it will you It Rain on Sunday into a false sense of security. Yeah. It rained last Sunday. Okay, listen. So we're getting drier. What did I say? I said just if I wasn't impressed today. And by the way, just to the point of correction, because Hank is our golf expert. There were 10 guys under par today and there were 19 guys that were even or better. That's not a lot, That's too many for the call. You guys are pro for the way they, the way they pumped this thing up. I wanted, I wanted zero. I wanted the best. I wanted the winning score after the first round to be plus three.


Well, what about this? When si Kim, when he did his post match inter or post round interview, he said, honestly, I don't even know what I'm doing on this course. I feel like this course is too hard for me. Yeah. And he was and he was too under. Yeah. And he's, yeah, he's in third place. Yeah. Incredible. And also our guy Brooks, listen, there's a lot of golf to be played, but he had a great round, probably his best round in a major in a long time. And also he had a press conference that made me think that he might have his swagger back. Did you see this where he was So the question that was asked was question. Everyone always points back to the comment at Beth page five, 10 players, whatever can win this week.


Do you still think of yourself that way? Or has it changed at all? Brooks replied. I mean, I don't talk about it. You guys talk about it then the quote then the, the journalist said it was your quote though. And Brooks said it was, I said it once and now everyone repeats it. Stop Talking about my quote. He got his swagger back maybe boy, He he gets pissed off. It's like, you're copying me. Yeah, right. Exactly. He's stealing my words. I'm not saying my words right now. You're saying my words to me. They're not even your words. They're mine. PFT What do we think the boys in the booth are talking about? Because they've just have been having a conversation off Mike. They, sorry, my my face. Wait, wait, wait. Let, let me answer it. It's whatever.


Those three kids in the basement around a coffee table we're talking about when they're doing the podcast. Yeah. They're just ha they're just chitchatting it up with their mics off while we're just trying to have do the show. That Was no, I mean that was, I have a buddy from Miami who's been fa FaceTime me, FaceTime me, FaceTime me one stop and I finally answered just to tell him to shut up. And he was with Grinnell and they're just, they're buckled. So it it was a, it was a funny full circle moment. Oh man. The Chiclets guys are are in disarray right now. One one thing that we do need to do though, Wait, by the way, the, the best part about that whole entire exchange with the Chiclets guys is just like Grinnell just being like business on TNT.


It's like one of their guys. We got one guy in the bathroom, one guy over here, business on TNT, Business on television, talking to Wayne Gretzky like he likes to do. What were you gonna say? I forget. We're talking about golf. Yeah, Yeah. What we need to do is we need to just keep an eye on the leaderboard. And the second that Brooks takes first place, God willing, then at that point, Big Cat, you need to stop talking trash about the course and you need to start gassing the course up. That's fine. Listen, be, because At that point I'm not at that point, it's like Brooks is dominating at the hardest course ever invented.


I am. If the course answers tomorrow, I'm not, I'm not making a final judgment on this course. All my only point was the way this course was talked about. I wanted it to be a lot harder. And I know it's very hard and I know there's 10 guys that, only 10 guys under par. But like, it's the hype, the hype was so insane where guys were saying like, you know, I saw like, they were interviewing a bunch of pros being like, what is a 10 handicap shoot on this course? And they, they were like 180, 160. They don't finish. Like, they don't, they would lose every ball. So it's like, I just kept on hearing all this stuff and I want it to be that.


I want it to be so excruciating and I listen if it's gonna firm up, I'm in, I'm in. I want the course to fight back. I also want Brooks to win, but I want the course to fight back. It's gonna fight back, it's gonna bake out a little bit. There was one piece of course propaganda that they put out that I, at that point I knew they were going too far and hyping it up. And that's when we had multiple golfers doing their approach shot from 120 yards with a putter. Yeah. To show, to show how dry it was when that happened, I was like, wait a second. That's actually really easy. Yeah, yeah. I was like, you could do your the putter thing. Yeah, I could, I could get a a par on that hole just using my putter. It it was that and then it was the army of lawnmowers when they had them just marching around and being like, well, they actually get it so the grass stands up.


So it's even more impossible to find. I get it. I I it's, I love the us open. I love that they make it really hard. Just tone it down if it's not gonna be as hard, if it's not gonna, I want the win. I want the winner to be. Plus, you know, I want 'em to be be overpower. The guys with the lawnmowers, there was one where they're standing in the bunker and they've got the lawnmowers above them mowing the side of the bunker. And I thought it was a, a viral ad for final destination. The new, yeah. Like it looked, it looked scary. But then I was looking at that, I was like, why, why are you making such a big deal outta the guys with the mowers? The scarier thing would be if they had no guys with mowers out there at all. And, and let the court, like there should be a guy standing in front of those lawnmowers like it's Tiananmen Square being like, stop with the mowing, grow it out.


Let's let this course be all that it can be. I I thought the same thing when I saw the lawnmowers. I was like, are they making it easier? Yeah. Because I don't understand how any of this stuff works in golf course. What's what's the actual, there's a maintenance. No. Yeah, there's, I think it's golf course maintenance is like a pretty popular major at a bunch of colleges. Yeah, You could do it. What do you, what do you got? Memes. You just keep talking without the mics on. We're Getting no turf. It's turf management. My Oh, turf management was a a golf college. Did you, did you do it? No Business. I went for business. But meme. Yeah, Ology. Meme. Do you want memes? Do you wanna say anything about Luigi shouting you out?


Do I disavow him? What'd you say? It was a nice shout out. It Wasn't nice. Shout out. I think you just, I I think you took a shout out whoever you get it. What Did he say? He just said he, he had made a list of things that he's thankful for in prison and then one of them I think was like, like thick Latinas for Luigi. And then the next one was memes. Yeah. Yeah. La Latinas for Mangione. Yeah. I also, I got comment from oldie about whether or not Edmonton should start Skinner Skinner or not. He said don't think, Don't think. I don't know. I don't know if he's telling us to not think about it or if he's saying, I don't think they do. Okay. So I think he's saying, I don't think they do if We're keeping scored home.


Chiclets meme said go back to Skinner. Merl said don't go back to Skinner. Oldie said Don't think Jan said I don't care. Yep. That's A good, we we got it all. Yeah. I don't think we missed any answer that you could have. Somebody's gonna be right. Someone, someone is gonna win this one. Alright. Should we kick it to ourselves talking to NBA finals and little NFL And then we'll get to our interviews. Let's do it.


Okay. We're back in studio before we talk some other sports Gametime. Guess what? Football is back. The 2025 NFL schedule is out and the only place you should be getting your tickets is Gametime, the official ticketing partner. Barstool Sports. I'm Marty. Planning my fall schedule and circling the games I want to go to with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NFL tickets. Gametime makes scoring NFL tickets faster and easier. They have exclusive discounts and you can find seats for as low as $100. The Gametime guarantee means you can trust, you'll get a hundred percent authentic NFL tickets on time and for the best price plus fees are always included. So what you see is what you'll pay. We're looking at Hank. What game are we looking at? Tom Brady statue night. Oh. Oh. It's The Preseason commanders at the Patriots. It's August 8th and you can get in for as little as $43. Big night. Huge big night. So $43. I think I might go to this. You gonna go to it to the statue unveiling. It's a big night Preseason week one. One. Okay. So what are you waiting for? Go buy all your NFL tickets. Get ready for football season with Gametime. Take the guesswork outta buying NFL tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account. Use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime?


Okay boys. The Indiana Pacers are up two one in the NBA finals. Holy shit. This team, and listen, we've doubted them at times. Hank has really doubted them. Yeah, but they answer the bell every single time. They was an awesome game. Three. These finals have been a lot better than anyone expected. And it was again, the Indiana Pacers just having dudes after dudes after dudes. TJ McConnell off the bench. First player in NBA finals history to go 10 points, five steals and five rebounds. And Benedict Mathen, who was awesome, 27 points.


He was I think nine for 12 shooting also, I looked this up. He had the most points off the bench in an NBA finals game since, does anyone have it? 27 points off the bench? Most deli? Nope. Good answer. It was Jason Terry, 2011, game six. Also coach by Rick Carlisle. Yeah, little, little something there. That's quite a nugget. I mean, Benedict Mathen, he was, he didn't play the first quarter and then he outscored the thunders bench 27 to 18 by himself. And did you see him after the game was over when SVP was interviewing him? Like, Hey, that's pretty cool that you did that.


He was saying all the right things. But the difference is like, I believed him when he was saying all the right things. He's like, I honestly do not care until we win the championship. Yeah. And he didn't care. He's, and it was that, it was at that point because after the game I was like, that's awesome for the Pacers. I'm glad they got one at home. What a performance from their bench. What a performance by the entire team. And the crowd was awesome last night. The crowd Was awesome. Caitlin Clark, shout out, eat no now. Yeah. What a great game it was for them. And I was like, that's cool, but I still thought that the thunder were definitely gonna win. Then I heard how little he cared about how many points he scored. Yeah. And for whatever he hypnotized me, I was like, this guy actually means all the cliche shit. Shit that you say that you're supposed to say. I, I kind of believe in the Pacers now. Yeah.


He's an all time confidence guy. Yeah. You remember there was a story when he was in the combine in the draft process. He said his first, he, he, what he's looking forward to most in the league is his first game against LeBron James because a lot of people say he's great. I wanna see how great he is. I don't think anybody is better than me. He's gonna have to show me he's better than me. Yeah. I've seen him on tv, but he hasn't, he hasn't played me before. That's an all time confidence guy. All time bench guy. And yeah, the Pacers, I mean, Halliburton also answered the bell where he was like, way more aggressive was I think a rebound shy of a triple double. And it, it was, it was like, there was multiple moments in that game where I was like, uhoh, here come the thunder.


Even how the, the second half started where they, they they, I think they scored like six points right away. I was like, oh, this game. And then just the pacers just kept on, kept back and fighting. And then you look up and it's like, I, I think the, the thunder went like a long stretch in the fourth quarter without hitting a field goal. SGA was bad in the fourth quarter, really bad three points. He's the MVP of the league and he needs to be held and he was bad defensively. Like he needs to be put in that same spot when you have a game like that to be criticized. Obviously he's a great player and I expect him to answer in game four, but he was bad in the fourth quarter in game three. And When you blow the pacers out, they're gonna come back and beat you in the next game.


That's what they do. Yeah. Every time they get blown out this postseason, they are 4.0, they're undefeated when they lose by 15 plus points in the previous game. And they also have not lost back-to-back games since March 10th. Yeah. That's a long time. Yeah. So I kind, I think I low key believe in the Pacers. I do too. I maybe it's do I I think I high key low key believe in the Pacers. I, I I believe in the Pacers throughout the Eastern conference playoffs and then the finals came and I was like, I think the thunder are gonna win. And I know that it's obviously now that they're up, but I they just, there's something about 'em, like they just have more guys and they just, I think it's also they don't, the moment is never too big for them.


They're not scared. Yeah. Like they're not worried, they're not scared and it just, it, something about this team is special. They also are, they're going for the longest odds ever to win an NBA finals. Yeah. I mean it's gotta be up there in all four sports too. Right? So It's, it's fourth all time in all four sports right now. So their preseason odds were 66 to one. The second longest preseason odds to ever win an NBA title was the 20 14 15 Warriors at 28 to one in all of sports Chester City We're counting sports. Yeah. In all sports. The 1999 St.


Louis Rams 150 to one preseason odds. The 1991 Minnesota twins were 80 to one and then the 2003 Florida Marlins were 75 to one. And then fourth is the Pacers 66 to one. But what's crazy is the Pacers I think were longer odds. Even when the postseason started, they were 80 to one. Yeah, that is. So they went up And I think with that twins, I think they were playing the Braves in that World series and they were both worst to first teams. That's probably the biggest combined odds to reach the championship. Kirby Puckett put the whole team on the back. That's Right. Yeah. And they had the, the plex Blackjack do. Right. The best was the, the plexiglass, the hockey, the hockey boards out in the outfield. That was an insane stadium.


Yeah. So awesome. Hubert Humphrey Dome. Yeah. I got a question for you trivia time. Okay. How many free throws do you think Tyrese Halliburton is shot in the finals? Mm, Seven Total. Total Total In the finals. Wait, wait. Don't put Hey Zach, ZZ don't pull it up. Oh, you see, oh, Zach got hot on the Google All. So you say six, Seven. Wait. Prices, rate rules. Rules. I don't give a fuck either way. 8, 8 7 7 0. Oh Shit. She shot zero was six zero free throws in the NBA finals. That's crazy. That is pretty crazy, isn't it?


I feel like I saw memory hold him shooting free throws with all the talk About whether or not he's a superstar. That would actually go a long way towards him becoming a superstar is if there's moments in the game where it stops and everybody just watches him shoot the basketball. Yeah. I mean he, he, game two, he was not very aggressive, but that is crazy. In the, in, in game one and game three, he has not shot a free throw. He's so good. He's so good. And he, so I good trivia by the way. Thank you. Really Good trivia. Get ready for the dozen next Great trivia. I, I think though we, we kind of buried the lead here. I was wondering, you know, we could talk about the Pacers incredible run.


We can talk about the Pacers being two wins away from the NBA finals. What a game three by the way, Chet Holmgren, get your weight up bro. Get your weight. That's one guy that I think perk could actually take him under his wing. Yeah. And be like, I I need to help you young man. He, That box score, if you box score watch, you're like, oh, Chet had 20 and 10 or 20 and nine, whatever it was. And we're gonna talk about this with Blake Griffin in a minute. But that sequence at the end of the game when he got blocked by Miles Turner and then like got blocked by four guys. He just looks, he looks a little over his head. Yeah. He just, it's just, he'll bounce back. Maybe he'll bounce back. I don't know. But he looks a little bit over his head. He's going up against like a 10 year vet.


Yeah. That knows how to put it. That's playing booty ball at him. Yeah. But so what I was gonna say is we, we missed the two most important conversations about these NBA finals. The first is, what must LeBron and Luca do to win an NBA title? I Saw that this morning. Yeah, it's a good question. That was one of the lead stories on Get up. So, So what, let, let's start out with LeBron. Okay. What does LeBron need to do to win an NBA title Get five years younger. I think he needs to have Luca lose some weight. That's That Too. And what does Luca need to do? Get LeBron five years younger. Yes. Yeah. Alright. So I think that's the formula right there. Okay. And then the other story, which I would say is more important on ESPN this morning was Stephen A. Smith picking a fight with Tyree Halliburton because we hadn't figured out how Stephen A. Smith was gonna make these NBA finals about him.


Tyree Halliburton basically said in a press conference, not naming any names, he was just like, I don't care what everyone says about me, we're two wins away from the finals. Like, that's our from winning the championship. That's all I care about. Stephen A. Smith then called him out and said, has he read the news? I'm gonna be here for a while. And players far more accomplished and far more superior have made their efforts trying to call me out. How has that worked out? How has it worked out? I think Kevin Durant made a lot of money And he, did it work out for LeBron? I think LeBron's made a lot of money, had a lot of Accomplishments. He did. Worked out for LeBron too. Yeah. It's a, it's a fair point by Stephen A. Smith. I, I particularly enjoy the fact that it was kind of sandwiched. This, this segment was sandwiched in between another segment where he talked about Kevin Durant online Yep.


Saying people need to stop insulting Kevin Durant. Stop making it personal. Stop coming at him. He's a great basketball player. We should be celebrating his greatness. Yeah. And had zero self-awareness to the fact that he literally just did that to Tyree celebrate. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty much. He's those segments live independent of each other. Yeah. It's a different, it's like episode, it's severance. It's like episodes of the Simpsons. You tune in next week and it's like, okay, whatever happened in the Previ, the nuclear power plane didn't actually melt down seven days ago. Yeah. He's, he's the wife in severance going into different rooms. Yeah. Just every single room has a different Stephen A. Smith take that is contradictory to the one that he just made. Yep. Yeah. That was quite a, quite a choice by ESPN. We also had Adam Silver gaslighting us about the logos, which he was like, they haven't been on the court for a while.


Well, the NBA would I know one thing about the NBA in the front office there. They do not, the league office does not like to make crazy court designs. Yeah. Ever, Ever. Because it's slippery. Can't do it. You Can't do it. So you can't put the trophy on, you can't put the NBA finals logo on the actual court because somebody might slip on it. And that's why nothing ever changes on an NBA court. Yeah. The, and he just, again, he, I, like a couple years ago they were putting it on the, the TV broadcast, which that's what we were talking about. I don't, I would like it on the court, but I understand. If you wanna pretend it's player safety, okay, fine. But at least put it on the TV broadcast then now it's just on And, and I don't know if you guys knew this, but YouTube TV is presenting I'm finals.


I did see that. I, It's very Apparent. I don't, I don't mind the script logo. Yeah. I think, I think it's a fine compromise. I like the script logo, but the, the more Adam Silver talks about, the more he gives us power. Oh yeah. So we're in the side right now. We own Yeah, yeah, yeah. Can't wait to see you back on PMT when we're gonna pitch you all of our ideas. He's sipping for us when he goes on TV and he's like, yeah, okay. I want do another 20 minutes about the logo on the court. Yeah. Yeah. We we're you're talking to the internet right now, Adam. Yeah. Yeah. So we, this side of the room believes in the Pacers. Henry Lockwood. Yes. You now PFT and I, again, we're not, I'm not claiming that. I am saying that I, I thought the Pacers were gonna win this series. Cannot claim that.


I think my official pick was Thunder and six, but PFC and I did say that the, we both said the Pacers are gonna win one of these home games on Monday's. Show you like it is over. Yeah. I dug myself in a hole. I'm, I'm staying there. But after last night, and as these games go, the pressure's gonna, you know, keep mounting on the thunder. And we might get into a situation, you know, thunder fans block your ears, where in five, 10 years they're showing Chet Holmgren Shea on different teams and being like, wow, could you believe this team made the finals and didn't win? That's Me. That's very mean. What you're doing right Now, this is just, you're just going very triggering for Thunder fans specifically.


They, this is it, it's kind of like the Knicks. It's like you're never gonna have a better shot than this year. You don't think so? No. Th They're gonna have a much better shot. Not if they don't win this one. They What You Think that this is, this is a, a portal series for them. Yeah. What if they trade, if They lose this, it's a sliding doors moment. Your entire future will be miserable. That's what it's starting to feel like. What if And if you win this series, then you're gonna win four. Something like that. What If they trade Chet and a bunch of Ps for Hannis? That would seem like a pretty good team. It would seem like it, but you never know. It's hard to get to the finals. It's hard to get back. What if they lose This Series Injuries happen. What if they lose this series and then they hit up the New York Knicks and say, Hey, do you wanna talk to Dagal?


Mm. And then they hire Tibs. That'd probably be bad for them too. Mm. So, I don't know. Just are you saying it it, the Thunder, the thunder need to win this series? I still think they're going to I guess in six now. But Why not seven? Oh. 'cause the Valkyrie. The Valkyrie. And I just think, well, no, Caitlin Clark is gonna be there for game four. So then I guess it's gonna have to be seven. It's gonna have to seven. But that's bad. That's bad for the thunder. Yeah. If the Go seven that's bad for the thunder. It does it not feel like the Pacers just play a looser, more fearless style of basketball And the thunder it just a little tight. It's a little Tight. Although also the Knot, the Knot shooting threes I think is coming back to Bite two.


Yeah. There was like no threes in the entire game. Yeah. That's crazy. When, when you get down in these games, it's like you, if you're not a three point shooting team, it's harder to come back. Lou Dot did star four for four and was like, his, his three balls touched the Earth's cross. I mean the Moon's crust. It Was a great, great first quarter from Lou Dot. Here's what I'll say in, if you're a Thunder fan freaking out, I would say this could, you could say this is going exactly like the Nugget series, which it actually is. They lost game one at home against the Nuggets in a ridiculous, insane way to lose a game where they were up all game and then they blew it at the end. They killed the Nuggets.


Game two went to Denver for game three, lost that game in overtime. I, I think it was. And then they won the next two and won in in seven. So there, there at least is this has ha they've been down two one in these playoffs. But must Win must Win. But they've been down two one basically in the exact same way. Lose the game. They should have won Game One Blow out Game two, lose game three. Yeah. I I, I would not panic if I was a Thunder fan. When you watch the pa when the Pacers are playing winning basketball, they will make you panic because they do so much crazy shit like the Ball, was it the Spurs that used to have the rule? It's like you have to, you have to do something different with the ball within half a second.


Like the, the Ho Pacers Hoosiers, everybody touches the ball. That was the Hoosiers. But the Spurs I think had a rule where it was like, you gotta either dribble or pass the ball or shoot the ball within a half second. And that's how our offense is gonna go. Or like the Suns seven seconds or less. Yeah. Seven seconds. I think that's probably a pretty fair comparison too. But when the Pacers are clicking, it's like it's dizzying to watch on television. It must be dizzying trying to figure out who, who, who's your man right now, who are you currently guarding? Because you've just gone through like three screens and there's been three passes in that time span. And when they're clicking against you, it's just gotta be overwhelming. So they, they, you just need a new game. You need, you need a new 48 and that's it. Wipe the slate clean. Yeah.


And you're right, like Rick, Rick Carlisle is such a good coach and they do like, you don't know also you, you, you don't know like what they're gonna be doing, but you also don't know who's gonna step up. And the thunder, like they were throwing a lot of stuff at at SGA and it was frustrating the hell out of em. Blitzing them up top and, and kind of disrupting. Like if you can disrupt SGA you can, you can have success against them. I feel like the Pacer's defense was great too. It Was really good. I know that the, the Thunder SG a's gotta play better for the Thunder tj. Like that's just a fact. He has to play better. He can't score three points in a fourth quarter and he has to play better defense. The TJ game, TJ McConnell, T TJ McConnell game. That was, he was so fun to watch. That was so great too.


The, the, he Looked like a little, he had a little Cooper de Gene in the last side. Did You notice that? Yeah. He did the story about his dad being a coach and coaching both he and his sister and Yeah. Coaching his sister. Not as hard as TJ and TJ getting upset. Yep. That was like, you could, you could've I know. Duh. Yeah, you could've put a gun to my head and be like, Hey, TJ McConnell's dad's a coach and he has a sister. Explain how that went and I would've gotten it exactly right. Yep. So one other INBA thing before we talk a little NFL memes. How's the coaching search going, buddy? They're casting A wide net, not saying no to anybody. No. You know what the Knicks are doing. It's like they're the no bad ideas out in the open in front of everybody.


Yeah. They're, they're, they're, they're the dude at the bar who's like, I I have no problem being told no by a chick. Well it's also, I'm just gonna keep, you know, peppering the whole board. It's also like 1:50 AM Yeah. And they're doing that at the bar right Now. They're just, they're just hoping that someone says yes so they can, they're hitting Up their buddy's friends and being like, yeah. Hey, how serious are you and this girl? Yeah. Hey, is your, Hey. What, what grade is your sister in again? Yeah. E so EA a Doka, Chris Finch, Jason Kid, Quinn Snyder, Billy Donovan. That's a list of teams that the Knicks have reached out to. That's five five. And been told no, here's an idea. I'm just gonna throw this out there.


There is one guy who, the team can't say no 'cause he doesn't coach for a team right now. An NBA coach. He's maybe teased that he would coach in the NBA Who? Jay Wright. Oh, I thought you were gonna say Cal Perry. No, no. J Cal Kaari did say he was like, it's an incredible job. Jay Wright doesn't have to be asked. You don't have to ask Jay Wright like some front office. You don't have to, you have to ask. You should have to ask Seth Davis. You just gotta maybe call the Pope. Yeah. You gotta see if Seth Davis is cool with him interviewing Jay Wright would be a home run on. Oh man. Do you think that the Bucks are gonna proactively reach out and be like, Hey, do you wanna talk to our coach?


Dude, I think, I think they're gonna try to hire, so it's, it's Budenholzer, Mike Brown, Taylor Jenkins, Michael Malone. What, what else? I mean someone who, oh, Jerry, I think Jerry O'Connell was saying that they should just rehire Tibs. I think so. And just Be like fresh start and They can be like, we just did the Tibs thing to you. Tibs. Yeah. Right. Like I just tbed you. Yeah. We just made, we just made you hungrier. Yeah. It's not a bad idea at this point. And when they, when they fired, Tibs when reacted to it live on the show, and I think I said this is a move that the New York Knicks did because it seems they have a plan for who they want to hire. I've never been wronger on a take in my entire life because it it, it did feel that way where it's like you don't fire tips unless you know what you're gonna do next.


Yeah. I was so wrong. So wrong. I was So wrong about that take. But to your defense, you didn't at that time, if we were working on just the information we had, we didn't know that James Dolan had gotten involved again. Yes. There was a material change. That was a big material change. We thought James Dolan was still doing his band and doing other shit. He had gotten back involved. That's when, you know there is no Plan. If you're a New York Knicks fan, the best thing you can possibly do is gaslight James Dolan into thinking that his band is awesome and going to every performance, have him sell out everywhere he goes. Just use as much of his time as possible playing kazoo in his band. Yeah. And staying away from the team. Make him think that he's a rockstar.


Make him have to build another sphere. Yeah. Where he perform. He has a residency in his own sphere. A James Dolan sphere. Yeah. And don't tell him that it's, you've created a prison. I guess he has created his own prison for himself to perform his music in. Right. But De Facto that's what it would be. You're just keeping him away from MSG. Yes. So what, what are you gonna do? Memes? I'm not saying it. What are you gonna say? You're not saying it Now. You have to say it. There's, there's a theory that they're crossing all these names off. They're gonna ask everybody get denied and then they're gonna go back with a Rick Brunson being the coach. Oh, Okay. You can't do that. I, I cannot.


I think that that's, that's Defcon You cannot do that. You can't. But that, you cannot, that's a theory I saw out there. So Be what is the, what is the upside for these teams? If they hit up the rockets and they're like, Hey, we'd like to interview IME oco for the team. Like, I know there's maybe some sort of draft compensation that could happen, but like, would you, if you were happy with your coach, like all these teams seem to be, what, why would you expect them to say okay. 'cause it gives those coaches better opportunity to go win a championship. The rockets are pretty good this Year. So if I, if I run the Rockets, if I'm the owner of the Rockets and I get a call from the Knicks and they say, we'd like to interview your head coach, I'm thinking to myself, it's the right thing to do for Ime o Doka to let him pursue his goals of a championship.


So I'm gonna trade him to the Knicks, Well, not, not IME or Chris Finch. Like if you're Chris Finch, you wouldn't wanna leave a 23-year-old superstar. Right. Or even Jason Kid. You're about to get co flagg Or the fact that they just fired the guy who had the best team in Knicks history in the last 25 years, and they're like, see a buddy that might also make you nervous to go take that job that James Dolan is now involved and they kick ts to the door after literally the best year in 25 years. That would make you nervous. But some people say that he reached his ceiling and then got four outta the last five coaches that want to NBA finals also got fired. So, Yeah. But if they're gonna treat him like that, what, what's gonna happen to me?


But if other organizations are winning championships and them firing their coach, I think it's just true. The coach lifecycle is just short right now. It's true. Yeah, that's True. I, I think that's a, a very fair counterpoint. But also you, you're probably looking at this and saying, James Dolan, So you are down for, so memes is Shane, can you make the graphic memes wants Rick Brunson? No, no. Put it out. Rick Brunson. I like that Max had to like, talk in your ear to get you to the point where you could say that out loud. Well, He said it to me earlier and I was like, there's no way they're hiding. He was like, that's the rumor. That's the rumor. And I was like, you gotta say it. You gotta bring it up. Where Do you get your rumors from? Memes. Where's that? What part of the internet is that coming From? Or is it your brain? Other Knicks fans.


Oh, Okay. Ben Stiller's been pedaling in this rumor. No, no. Just Knicks. Twitter. Tim Twitter, Hank. Are you loving this? Yeah. You loving this? That this was their shot. What name Would make? Well that's, that's, I mean, the ro the roster's coming back. It's not like the Celtics just put their entire team on the trade Block. Oh, is that, did that happen? Legion Hoops. Oh, did how Team Ate is up for trade Per Legion hoops. Oh shit. That was yesterday. That's pretty crazy. Hank We knew that was coming the Whole team. Well, they got, it's gonna be a couple of 'em. You just put 'em on the block and then you figure out, do you think that was who you, who you trade? Do you think that was a way for Brad Stevens to like, not have Jalen Brown mad at him?


Because really it's like Jalen Brown, but they're like, Hey, everyone's available. Maybe Like, don't worry, we, we will trade anyone. But Jalen Brown, he's doing that. I have a question for you. Yes. PFT What if the New York Knicks hired Brad Stevens? Mm. Brad Stevens is not going back to culture. I'll tell you what. PFT, they gotta at least make him say no. You have to, you have to. You gotta make him say no, you, You gotta make the phone call. Oh, max is so, so happy that we're now, we flipped it. He's so happy that we're off J right now onto Brad. Steven, Brad Stevens is not going back to, we're Just trying to help the Knicks. We're trying to search for a name. James Dolan has to call Brad Stevens. You Have to have him say no.


Yeah, they're Trading. That's fair. Their entire team's on the trading block per memes. So you think Brad Stevens like, this might be a good time to get out. Maybe they call and they're like, Hey, let's talk trade by the way you wanna coach, Is that Yeah. And then he trades all, all their good players to the Knicks, and then he goes to the Knicks and coaches them. That would be crazy. That would be crazy. I heard it. I heard it was happening on Legion hoops. Legion hoops. Do you guys want, do you guys want me to read a a headline real quick? I wanted to read a headline for you before we do talk. NFLI just remember we used to do this, read a headline. DeMarcus Cousins is suspended for the remainder of the season after scratching his balls and making a heckler sniff his hands.


Yep. I had a headline. I had a, I had a lead for you. We read a lead. DeMarcus Cousins seemingly scratched his balls and made a fan sniff his hands during a serious altercation that led to suspension for the rest of the season from his basketball team. This is in Puerto Rico, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. I'd say that's, that's fate on site. Yeah. Although it's DeMarcus cousins, so you probably can't do anything about it. The exception of DeMarcus Cousins. Yeah. Yeah. What I mean little teaser. The the State Farm Barsol Basketball League is, is currently airing. Yep. That happens in one of the games. Yes, it does. Oh, I forgot. Yeah. Yeah. And it is bad on site and it is, it's bad.


It should be. It's bad. Wow. Yeah. That is a great Teaser. Yeah. So what did, Because we had DeMarcus Cousins playing in the tournament. What Did the, that's not, that's not even the correct teaser. What happened in the Barstool? I won't say what happened in the Barstool. The State Farm tournament is way worse than the DeMarcus Cousins. Oh. When is the next episode? June 16th. June 16th is game one. Yep. I'll just say AWS would like to watch game one. Yeah. Me versus Hank. It's Gonna be wild. Wild Game one. Wild. That was good. Teasers. Thanks. I still think that DeMarcus Cousins is one probably top 10 guy in the United States that I would not want to get into a fight with.


I'd agree. Him and Zach Randolph always like interchangeably. It's scary. It's big booty dudes don't move so fast, but it's like they move with purpose And they're mad sense And they're angry. Yeah, they're angry. They're always angry. Okay. Do we want to talk a little NFL? Yeah. Let's talk some NFL. I'm excited to talk. NFLI had a couple things. One was the Bengals are being pieces of shit together. So I've never heard of this since they implemented the new rookie wage contract Stuff. Yeah. So we're talking about Shamar Stewart, their first round pick from Texas a and m 17th pick in the, in the draft. So he is no longer at OTAs right now. Correct. He's left OTAs no contract signed and he left because they're trying to put a clause in the contract that if he gets hurt in the preseason, his money becomes not guaranteed anymore.


Right. I think it's a total void of, so it's, it's, it's any, it's hurt or if he gets like, you know, any type of league penalty, you know, like if he gets suspended for anything. Yeah. And it's not just the year that it happens, it's the entire contract. And the Bengals are doing this for the, is this the first time it's ever Happened? It's, I don't know if it's the first time ever happened. I know that I was reading about it. No other rookie in this year's draft had the clause and then the last five Bengals first round picks did not have this clause. So, so they, so it is, it's essentially the first time they're ever doing it. So, So the owner of the Bengals is like, listen, we paid money to all the wide receivers that you wanted, Joe.


Yeah. Now we have to cut back in other places. But the funniest part about all this is they drafted partially, they drafted Shamar Stewart to be a Trey Hendrickson replacement. Yeah. And when they drafted Shamar Stewart, they're like, this will put pressure on Trey Hendrickson to hopefully sign because we have another guy on the defensive line and now they have neither of 'em. I would say that Shamar Stewart probably has all the leverage into this Situation. Yeah. Because So he can, he can literally hold out and just be drafted again next year. I don't think that's, I I was reading about it. I'm pretty sure you could just go back and, And Florio's got the answer to this. Florio definitely has the answer. Unless I read something that was just fan fiction, which I could have.


Absolutely. A hundred percent Yes. According to the NFL's collective bargaining agreement, Shamar Stewart Bengal's first round pick in the 20 20 25 draft could reenter the 2026 NFL draft. If he remains unsigned and the Bengals don't sign him by the deadline. But I thought that the team that drafted you would have rights over you for a little bit longer than that. Let's Find another story instead of just Ai. That's just ai. Yeah. Let's find a, Let's find a story. Florio probably wrote about it. Zach, your controls All right. Yeah. I mean, this is Sports Illustrated saying it Was this article written by Ai. It could have been Wait, wait, wait. Go back to that. Because he referenced Florio ai, AI Sports Illustrated referenced Florio.


Okay, so now click on the Florio. 'cause we know that he's, he's a human being as far as we know. Let's just, you know what, let's just Yeah. Call him. Call him. This is above our pay grade call. This is, this is, I did see it from more than one person. Phone calls are back. The AI is gonna drive us to having person to person, person interaction. This person to Florio interaction. My take about AI is you can't trust anything anymore. So you just have to be, Hey, hey, hey. You're on, you're on part of my take live right now. We don't trust AI anymore. We don't trust the internet. If Shamar Stewart does not sign with the Bengals, can he reenter next year's draft? Yes. Okay. Love it. And any, any team can get 'em. Yes. And any team can draft them Except the Bengals.


Oh, except the Be Bengals. Yes. I guess they, that would make like the, that would be funny if the Bengals like, let's, I could try again. I could see the Bengals try again. Yeah. Wait, are you on the treadmill or something? I'm riding my bike. What's, what's your, what's your calorie count right now? Burned. I just started, I just started. I'm at 3.7 miles, eight and a half minutes. Calories. Calories. Who's, who's your, who's your eight Calories? Who's, who's your Peloton instructor? I, I know I play Madden. I love it. That's awesome. He's such a football guy. Alright, well what's the score in the game? I'm doing challenges to try to make my team better.


And you're gonna be 60 when I'm already 60. Oh, you just turned 60. Wait. Thanks for, thanks for texting me. Happy birthday. Happy birthday Mike. Happy birthday. Hey Mike. Happy internet Father's Day coming up on Sunday. Mike, before we start talking about Deebo, do you know, is Deebo fat? Is Deebo fat? Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Okay. Good answer. That was a good answer. Alright. Alright. Keep keep at the Peloton. That's Mike stud for you. Thanks guys. Alright. See, bye. Huge, huge, enormous. All right, so we just got it. We just had to call him all the time now. 'cause ai, so I would say that Shamar, but I was, I did see it. You were right.


You were right. Yeah. Shamar Stewart has all the cards. All the cards. Yeah. He can just, he can just train for a year. Yeah. I mean he obviously that he probably wouldn't be drafted at 17. Maybe not if he doesn't play football for a year and he obviously would have a full year of not playing football and, and not getting closer to his second contract. So like he, that part, he doesn't have all the cards. He could train to become a flag football athlete and play in the Olympics next year. That's true. Or whatever. It's, I, I think the Bengals will ultimately roulette And we side with Shamar Stewart in this. Yeah. It seems like the Bengals are trying to be shitty. I think that the Bengals, they, they paid a lot of money to a lot of players this off season.


And now Mike Brown is like stressing out and he's like, we gotta start cutting corners wherever we can. We gotta we gotta make sure that if anything happens, we don't have to pay any money. Yes. Yeah. He's allergic to paying. Yeah. You mentioned something on that call with Florio. Yeah. About Deebo. I did. I did. Is he fat? What? There was a, you guys you guys teased it before we started recording the episode. I don't remember doing that. Yeah. Yeah, you did. You did. You said Deebo iss fat. I actually have never said he's fat. I said I saw a video of him. I, you, I I was met with PFT earlier and he walked in the room and said, do you think Deebo iss fat? Yeah. The only person I think who's said Deebo is fat is Max. Which Was usually an indication that you think he's fat. Yeah. I Don't think, I actually don't know because I don't spend my time staring at Deboss ass like you Guys do.


I just said I saw a video of Deebo. Yep, I did too. It's called, it's called an installation. Do you, who do you, who do you trust more when it comes to breaking down NFL news at ML Football or Tough Climbing or Greg Kittle? Yeah. Yeah. Listen, I, I don't, I don't know if he's fat or not. Max. I never said specifically that he was fat. I just referred to him as Fat Deebo. That's true. You're right. He's Fat. Technically you didn't say He was fat. Fat. You just said you've got fat. Debo Fat and we're, we're pulling up the Hindustan times. Now I also, I up here No, no.


Stay on the Hindu stand. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's good. We wanna see it. That's good. The Hindu stand times. Okay. Divo with The other receiver, he's back. Right? Doesn't matter. Terry McClure Supported here. Well, guess what he's doing? He's, he's staying in shape on his own. Good. Do you think he's getting fat too? Memes? Maybe. He's seeing Deebo and he is like, I gotta keep up by getting fat. No, here's the thing. Deebo is not fat. He's in great shape and that was just an installation route that he was running. I I also don't think he was that slow. I think that was some, some monkey business with the camera angle. I think they did him dirty with the cameras on that one. And then I saw the commanders made sure to put out videos of him today looking fast and spelt and you're gonna get, you know what, even if you get, I hope that Deebo is fat and I hope that he's still awesome because Fat Deebo running through everybody will be even better than skinny Deebo.


That's facts. Yeah. Fat is, fat is power when it wins. However, however He feels most comfortable in his body. That's what I'm, I'm comfortable with. That's Good. PFT because I didn't want to have our NFL talk be Linted just to talk about what Max called Fat Debo. I also wanted to share with you, I saw a 2025 QB countdown, top 10 QBs. Okay. You want me to share it with you? Yeah. Yeah, let's do it. Okay. Where'd you see it? This is from Chris Sims. Okay. Number one, Lamar Jackson. Okay. Interesting choice. All right. Yeah, but can't really, he was awesome. Master BBC conversation all the Time. Yeah. Number two, Josh Allen. Okay, number three. Joe Burrow.


Okay. Number four. Patrick Mahomes. Okay, Number five. Jaden Daniels. Okay, number six. Matthew Stafford, number seven. CJ Stroud. Number eight. Justin Herbert, number nine. Baker Mayfield. And number 10 Jalen Hurts. I like that list. I've always said that he's got great, great info when it comes to ranking quarterbacks. You know, listen, that's pretty much, oh, we Put him under the category. The truth hurts. That's exact. Oh the truth. That's not good. That's Bad. That's bad for number 10. Wow. Pocket rockets is Justin Herbert and Baker Mayfield.


Okay. Surgical. Is that a word? Yeah. Ity. It's like Strategery Ity. I thought that was a singer from System of Down. Oh, and the Core four Max. Would you like to comment on that? I mean, Chris Sims is literally the dumbest guy in NFL News or NFL analyst. So like, him being this wrong on a take is actually a good thing for Jalen Hertz. I think he's pretty good when it comes to evaluating quarterback. He's had Some good, he's had some high me, he's had some like good predictions. Yeah, really good. I know he has really Good, I think he pretty, I'm pretty sure he had Josh Allen top of that draft. Mm. I don't know what else. Big blind spot for Blake Bortles.


Yeah. That one he was wrong about. But yeah, I, I mean he's had some, he's had some hits. Yeah. Listen, I think that that's a great top 10 list right there. I Did you see the guy that, that played his newborn son 54 minutes of James Daniels highlights? I I did. I did. It makes me want to have a kid. Yeah. Just so that I can play Jane Daniels another one. Another one. Chris needs a little brother or sister. Chris can play it for him. Yeah. What is playing newborn? Oh, he's just finding us. The clip we just talked about Zach is good on the keys. I've watched this same video. The one that the baby watched. I've seen this video three times this off season in its entirety. Oh, alright. That great security. Oh. Oh, Because do, do you, oh No.


What, what happened there? That was my bad. It was the video I didn't think the audio would go through. That's totally my fault. Okay. Do you think debos fat? No, I'd like to see more angles Even. Yeah. I'm not gonna judge someone off of one angle. I'd like to see more angles. Bad angles can happen. People are Clip farming off Debo at, at like the, the sideways slash back angle that you see some of the stomach in the front. Yeah. You see the big ass in the back. I He's not fat. He's not fat. Can I say there might be an adjectives that, that he might be, that's worse. What? What's that adjective? It could be slow. Hey, max, pull up.


Pull up your Twitter right now. Pull up your dms. My Dms? Yeah. I sent you a DM in case Big Cat said something mean about Deebo. I just Was Asking I, because I didn't know if this was real or not. I didn't, I was asking if he was Slow. I didn't know if this was real. But is this, is this the cover of Madden? Is next Deebo? No. Is that, is that the cover of Madden? That's not, that is not the cover of Madden. Whoa. I thought, I think It is. You know, that's not the cover of Madden. It's, it's got the Madden logo on It. What's, what's the picture? That's, that's of right before the Hail Mary against the Bears Actually on the cover of Madam. And because I thought this says N-F-L-P-A and rated E for everyone. It does look like it. I thought this was the cover. It does look like it of Madden. It does look like it. But that is not before the Hail Mary Debos not slow. That was an installation procedure.


I asked if he was slow. They were installing his route. He Could be also everyone who's going just send screenshots of how fat I am. All the Commanders fans, just so you know. I know that I, I am like 10 times as fat as Deebo Samuel. We got Our fat, our own Fat deebo here. Just making sure I put that out there. It's more like two. Come on. Stay outta this Hank. This is now a three way battle of a Mexican standoff. This is good. Just a little sparring getting us ready for football. It's fun. Fat Deebo rolls off the tongue. Fat de listen, You have to admit I agree. You have Ft I'm gonna defend you here. Fat deebo sounds a lot funnier than slow deebo. Yeah, it does. And what I'm saying is if he is fat, in fact, if he's big and he's still awesome, that's the best case scenario.


Correct? Yes. That's what I'm rooting for. Fat when you win fat equals power. Yeah. If he's scoring touchdowns and running people over and he's fat and his belly's poking out of his shirt. Yep. And he's like, he goes to the sidelines and he's got like mayonnaise on the side of his chin, like, that's awesome. Agreed. And I'm fatter. I'm much fatter. I'm, I'm very fat Way, way fat. Maybe faster. I am. I am. Whoa. What, what I said. But maybe faster. No Deebo. Maybe de Debos not fat man. He's not fat. Agreed. Except for fat. I'm, I'm gonna Fat deebo does sound fun with fat. You got, this did all start from two days ago when Max just outta nowhere goes. You got fat Deebo. Well, we were, we were talking about Terry McClure of whether you're gonna have Terry McClure or not.


I was like, at least you got Fat Deebo. Fat Deebo. Yep. Okay, let's get to our interviews. We got Blake Griffin talking some ball, and then we've got Owen Wilson talking about his new show. Stick on Apple tv and then we will finish with Fire Fest.


Okay. Before we get to Blake Griffin, we are brought to you by our friends at truly, truly unruly Lemonade combines the high elk, fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite Lemonade. Lemonade let loose 8% A BV 100% delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors, bump and blue RAs OG original lemonade punched up pineapple and wild pink. Listen, it's about to be a great summer and it's about to be a truly unruly lemonade summer. It's perfect for being outside in the summer. Got a truly unruly lemonade in your hand. Golf course. Beach, backyard barbecue. It's all there. I'm gonna, I'm gonna probably barbecue this weekend. I'll have a truly unruly lemonade in my hand. Wild pink. No big deal. It's absolutely delicious. A hundred percent delicious. 8% A BV. What are you gonna have? You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna mow the lawn this weekend. Yes. And there's no better lawn mowing beverage than truly That's a fact. I'm gonna, I'm gonna drink the truly unruly lemonade as I'm buzzing the tower on every blade of grass. I'm gonna have the bump it blue RAs. Oh, love that. Hank, what do you think? I think I would've been in the golf course drinking some bump and blue ass. Oh, you are? Yeah. I feel like you're a punched up pineapple type of guy. I'm all, I'm Everything. Okay. I'm all on flavors. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly this summer. Let's make this summer unruly with truly go check it out.


Now. We're also brought to you by our friends at Chevy. Listen guys, we're sponsored by our good friends at Chevy here. For over a century, Chevy has been building trucks that don't flinch and never quit. Whether you're hauling lumber on the job or trying to get the smoker, the cooler, the corn hole boards and the whole crew to the tailgate on time. Chevy gets you there when Chevy says most dependable truck. They're not just speculating. Chevy trucks have earned more dependability awards for trucks than any other brand according to JD Power 2025. Sounds like they have the stats to prove it. Draft yours@chevy.com in every Chevy truck. Dependability comes standard. For more on Chevy trucks, visit chevy.com and visit jd power.com/awards For more award details or truck guys or Chevy truck guys. So go right now. Draft yours@chevy.com because in every Chevy truck, dependability comes standard. That's the guarantee with Chevy trucks. So For more on Chevy trucks, visit chevy.com.


Okay, here he is, our good friend, Blake Griffin. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very special guest. One of our best friends. Three, four time. Three time Blake of the year. Four time Blake of the year. Techies are coming up in about a month, but we wanted to talk some ball with our guy Blake Griffin. First of all Blake, how are you doing? How's, how's, how's life? We miss you. Just in general. We miss you. I miss you guys too, man. It's been a while. I'm good. You know, just kind of hanging, enjoying, enjoying retired life. Yeah. No, We, we, we, we, we bought a football team together.


That's right. We bought a football team in, in Mexico. We're five and one by the way. Yeah. You guys have followed, you're Damn right. We are. Fuck yes. That's, we got an ex exciting team and things are looking up. Love that. Yeah. That it starts at the top with ownership. Yeah. And so you have to set the tone. We're an accountability organization and the players are responding. So credit to us. Yeah. Yeah. Anything you guys wanna say to the team? Vamos, I would say good job team. When we finally do sign the paperwork, actually owning it, and it's not just a press announcement, then everyone's job is up for grabs.


Doggy dog. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm also gladiator style. After the season's over we throw a, even the equipment manager get in there. Yeah. Yeah. Oklahoma drill everybody. Yeah. Every spot is up for grabs. I'm kind of a hands off Owner. I, I put my football guys in position to do football work and I let them cook and I think they're doing a great job. You know, like I've, I've seen a lot of shitty owners over the course of my career as a sports fan. Blake, I don't know if you've ever played for any shitty owners, but hypothetically, if you had, would you have learned a lesson from that owner in terms of how you're gonna translate that to football? Yeah, I think one lesson that I, if I had played for a bad owner, one lesson I probably would've learned was like, always know if someone's recording you.


Just because as an owner, you don't know. You know, there's, there's, in this day and age, there could, people can record on anything. Yep. You know? So, I don't know. It just seems like something an owner should keep in mind and also maybe don't, or maybe like, I guess secondarily don't be, don't say anything racist. Yep. Those are, those are good points. Also, if you're doing a sworn deposition and somebody ask you about your handwriting, don't talk about getting your dick sucked. Well, are you in a limo? That's true. It does make me feel good when she kisses on me. It's sort of a loophole when you're in a limo. It's like being over international waters. It's true. That's true. I So what, what are you up to these days? I know that I, I read like an interview, I think it was in USA today or something where you're talking about what you have planned for this upcoming year.


You wanna share that with our audience? Where can, where can they find Blake Griffin? You can find me on Amazon Prime, prime video in on the NBA. We will have, we'll start out Friday nights, we'll have some Thursday night games after Thursday night football ends. We'll have some Saturday games. Not sure if I'm supposed to give out that information, but I think I can. I read it. I read it online too, so didn't it? I read it, yeah. Okay. And who are you gonna be with? Dirk Nowinski. Ooh. Oh, okay. UD Donis Haslam. Taylor Brooks is our host. Steve Nash will be in and out. He'll be doing some, some of both. Candace Parker, we got a good group.


Got a really good group. Kyle Lowry is gonna be our, actually that one, that one. I dunno if that one got announced. Damnit Fantastic. I didn't read his name, but exclusive to Pardon My Take. Kyle Lowry's attached to it. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, he is like player correspondent maybe, maybe in some capacity. I don't know. We've been talking about it. I don't think we, I don't think, just like you guys haven't signed the actual ownership paperwork. I don't know if he's actually Yeah, that's fair. That's fair. Are you gonna be, are you the Charles Barkley of this crew? Yeah, probably like very little analysis and like a lot of, like, a lot of just, just just digs at players. I'm just gonna be making fun of everybody. Y yeah. I that's actually, so you retired, what, two years ago?


Do you think that's enough time to be like, back in my day? Like, listen, we played in the real NBA, like this is bullshit now. Yeah, absolutely. And every year I'll get, my career will be a little bit better. Like Sure. This first year I'll be humble and like, you know, I, you know, this guy is really good. I played against him by year five. I will be one of the greatest players of all time. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. You could do that. I mean that, that, that was, that happened with Kedrick Perkins when he said he was, he would shut down Yoic and then they, they found clips of like, like baby yoic like 19 years old, just dominating him. So just maybe you, maybe you float it by us first And we'll try to find it.


We'll have a, our research team be like, can we find any clips of like yoic, like fucking Blake up. And then we're like, no, you know what? No clips exist. Go for it. He, the, I think the only way that Kendrick, I mean Kendrick Perkins was a Yoic stopper was like, they saw him on the schedule and they're like, oh, you don't need to play tonight. Kendrick Struggling. Like, you don't even wanna play, you know, shut him down. Yeah. I, I I'm looking forward to the old head Blake Griffin on the set. Oh, can we call you UNC Griffin? Oh Yeah. He called me on og. No, I guess you now just kind of og Yeah, just call me unc. Dirk is vichtenstein or something, I think. Is that in the, the literal translation to German?


I, I don't speak German, but that, that sounds Sounds right. I'm gonna look it up. And I'm only gonna refer to him as uncle in German. Yeah. Do you Wanna, do you wanna do some practice for some hot takes? So like we can, we can just do like a, a quick roll play. So imagine that this last season happened next season and the news comes through. Luca has been traded to the Los Angeles Lakers. Luca dch, what's your take? You know what my take is? I think that there was a deal done under the table and I think Dallas knew that they were gonna get the number one pick because the lottery's rigged. And we all know that. And I think that, you know, in the grand scheme of things, Cooper Flag has a chance to be an unbelievable player and you sort of have to make that deal.


You know, you shake, shake hands and you say, thank you Luca, but with cou with the emergence of Cooper flag. We're all good here. Yeah, That's good. That's a good hot take. All right. Here's another test. And that one actually, can I just give credit that one was giving credit to Colin Cowherd when he said, Hey LeBron, we're good. So he's an inspiration. Skip, you know, some of these, some of the great. Yeah. Alright, here's one I'll throw at you. We're in a debate. I think Patrick Beverly is a hall of famer. I actually, I actually do not disagree with that at all. I you look at the scope of work. Yep. I wasn't able to follow the games in Europe early on.


And then I did see part of his career in the NBA also, just the way he took players under his wing. You know, it matters how you treat the younger guys and selflessly. Like he, you know, when he fired that ball at that lady's head in Indiana and then got it back and did it again, he was saying, you know what guys, I'm gonna remove myself from the league. Yep. So now these young guys have a chance to play. And that is a hall of fame career, if I know of one. Also in defense of our guy Pat Bev, I don't think he played with any Hall of Famers, Like guys that are in the Hall of Fame. Yeah. Or no. Like guys who might be in the Hall of Fame. So its Like, oh, James Harden Giannis. No, I don't think those guys are Hall of Famers. You think Giannis?


No. I might not have chances at like a 54 to 56% of making the Hall of Fame. Yeah, that seems fair. Yeah. Do And by the way, by the time he is done with this season, his podcast, he's, it could be 99. That's true. That's true. Have you, did you talk to Pat at all after that? I feel like Pat, I have not. That was sick. Come on Pat. That was like, I maybe Pat doesn't know that you're our guy, but I I didn't appreciate that from Pat. You know what? It's okay. I mean, you got, you, you got, I mean you guys don't really have to do this, but the podcast busy. You gotta give these hard takes. Paul George is a really good player. He kind of, kind of came at both of us there and I don't know. I mean he is a, Pat's obviously a legend of the game and he's obviously grown the game and, and made it what it is today and, and you know, I respect his opinion.


I actually, I think I agree with him. I think he probably gets the nod over myself. Yeah, I Have you in the Hall of Fame Blake. I do too. That might, that might just be me. Oh, can we get basketball reference updated to have it be four time Blake of the year up There? They Shouldn't as part of Exactly. Do do They have a fun nickname for you or is that just pro football reference that has nicknames that no other website ever has even thought of for Sergeant Quarterback? No, I think there no, there's, there's, there's nicknames on basketball reference. I just don't know what mine is to be honest. Let's, all right. I'll tell you we got 'em here. I love those nicknames. Brother Taylor Griffin. That's it. Oh no, I don't. That's it. No nicknames. No nicknames. Do You, do you have no other, other guys do?


Yeah. Do you have a nickname? I don't really pe people would call me just Griff bg. This is one of the Clippers announcers. One time I think he was trying to get something going and I, I had this dunk and he goes, oh, the Flying Lion. He just, For some reason that one didn't pick it up. Oh, I'm looking, I'm looking right now at a Reddit thread said I've heard him called Blake the Snake and then that guy said he is also gonna do a grassroots nickname for Blake Griffindor. Yeah. I don't, I don't you hair Potter guy. That one didn't really stick. Yeah, I mean that one didn't really stick either.


I, yeah, I don't know. Blake Superior. Yeah, that's, that's pretty good. Easy. Blake Oven was an early one that didn't catch on either. Yeah, actually. Oh, flop Griffin. Oh that was me. That doesn't Mean one, nevermind That. Are you just reading your tweets? No, here. Oh, someone, someone emptied the clip Quake Griffin. Earthquake. Blake. That's stupid. Waken Blake. Musty bg. This guy sucks at nicknames. Optima Prime, Oklahoma Hammer, Blake and Eggs. That one guy on the Clipper who dunks a lot Sky High. Dunka Delic.


And that was it. I mean like, feel like we've heard 'em all at this point. That's, I actually kind of like Blake and Eggs. Yeah. I kinda like Blake and Eggs and I kinda like earthquake Blake because that's just stupid. Yeah. Crazy earthquake. Blake, just Blake of the year have basketball reference Put Blake of the year on there. Yeah. Four time Blake of the year. Four Time. Talk about this actual NBA finals. Can the Pacers win this thing? It's crazy. I think I'm officially now like Pacers can and maybe will win this thing because I've doubted them. I I didn't doubt them going into the final or like leading up to the finals. I I love them in the Eastern Conference. I definitely doubted 'em against the Thunder.


I thought the thunder were better. I thought the thunder, the way they've beaten teams, like they're just a superior team. But after game three, it's like maybe all of the guys on the Pacers, they, they don't feel the pressure. They all contribute and they have so many options that it feels like the Thunder do not have that it, I mean, so I doubted them as well. I doubted them in the Cleveland series. I kind, I doubted them in the, I thought the Pacers could beat the Knicks, but I thought the Knicks were gonna beat them. I like, I also, the Pacers have not lost game one until Thunder. They hadn't lost game one or two. All of playoffs. Yeah. They were just running through the table and two of those series were on the road. They went to Cleveland one, two, they went to New York.


One, two, they went to Oklahoma City one game one. Like they're playing with so much joy. Rick Carlisle is a genius. And then also you just, you're just watching like a team who, like everybody just like accepts their role. Not because it was like, I mean maybe it was but not because Rick Carlo was like, Hey, you can only do this and you can only do this. They don't play like that. They play free within their roles and they don't try to do anything else. Like they know who they are and also they don't care what the score is. They, they could be down 20, they could be down 15, seven, it does not matter. They don't stop playing. And I thought that Oklahoma City maybe was woken up a little bit in game one where they're like, Hey, we cannot take our foot off the gas until, you know, the starters come out and the game is truly over.


But the Pacers are doing something incredible. I, it's a shame that I don't, people probably aren't tuning in as much if it was like Lakers Celtics or something. But like it's, it's incredible basketball to watch. Yeah. Yeah. What are the, what are the Pacers doing differently on defense? Because going into the series, the entire story was Oklahoma City's defense, which is incredible. It's a historic defense. It played really well all season. But last night especially the Pacers just made 'em uncomfortable all the time. They were getting into passing lanes. Yeah. It almost seemed like they were forcing them into making these bad passes that they were anticipating. So from your perspective, like what changed? What have the pacers done? I thought they, well I just thought they ramped up the pressure.


They, first of all, they have unbelievable individual deep defenders. They have an unbelievable rim protector. Their schemes on SGA last night seemed like they were taking opportunistic times to double. You can kind of see anytime SGA kind of had it and he turned his back. I, I assuming that like when you can see the back of his numbers guys had the green light to just run and double and then scramble around. But what we're also seeing in the NBA right now, which is exciting to me, is like the days of like two superstars and a really good player and then kind of peppering in some guys who can just maybe shoot or do this. Those are kind of over like all the good teams now everyone on the floor can shoot, dribble, rebound, past, defend to, to a certain extent.


Right? Like even like ob toppin, like who you would say is probably their, not their best shooter of the guys they play. He was five eight from three. And game one like guys can do everything. You can't have weak links on the floor. You can't have guys that that a team can single out on defense and go at 'em every time. Which is fun to see like sort of that change in the NBA where it's like, oh no, everybody on the floor is really, really good. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I I, the, the other thing I was wondering about this and, and maybe you can explain it to me 'cause you obviously played for so long, but Chet Holmgren box score, if you look at the box score, didn't watch the game, you're like, oh, he had a pretty good game. I think he scored, I think he had like 20 points and 10 rebounds. But if you're watching the game, it is like a, a big deal that he is like so skinny and Miles Turner was kind of bullying him in in the fourth quarter.


Can you feel that like weight when you go up against a guy who's, who's 30 pounds bigger than you, is it, is it a situation where you right now, like you just feel it and you're like, this is gonna be a long night. I have to figure out something else. Because it does feel like he's in a little bit of deep water when he goes up against someone who's 30 pounds heavier than him. Yeah, I would just say like the playoffs, obviously the physicality goes up each round. Really for Chet, like I would say like if I was his teammate, I would just talk to him about like, Hey, what are your strengths? What do you do best against Miles Turner? Like last night he got his, he got a three point shot block and then he, he tried to chase it and get into the lane and like get into somebody's body. Like don't, we're we're not doing that.


We're getting space, we're creating space. We're, we're just taking easy floaters. We're not trying to get into the people's bodies and get close to the rem He's so skilled. I I love his game. I think he's a great player and when you're young, like he's in his second year, like he's figuring it out and he'll get better and better. Like, I don't, this isn't like a huge issue and, And we do this in the playoffs because there's a lot of times in between games where like a guy will have a bad game. You're like, he just, this guy just can't do it. Right. He can't do it. But like, I think he'll be better next game if you've seen like the other series, like he's made adjustments from game to game really well and he's, he's done his part. But yeah, I mean you do feel that 30 pound difference, but just stick to what, stick to your strengths.


Yeah. Don't get outside of those. Be exactly who you are. A a and it's a really good point about Chet because he like people who will criticize him and be like, he's in over his head are also just failing to be like, Hey, he's a major contributor to a team that's in the finals. You know, like they got, They're the best team in basketball. Right, right. They won what, what was it like, 64 games or something? Yeah, something crazy. So that didn't happen by accident. He's just now the stage is a lot bigger and they are a young team and I just, I feel like the thunder just need that like second guy to step up more. And SGA did not have a good fourth quarter either. Like he was not Yeah, he, he, he either has to be Superman or someone else has to be his, his, you know, Robin to his Batman at the end of games.


Yeah. And I mean, listen, for the first time they played on the road in like, kind of that environment. First time they played on the road in the finals, first of all is like, it's, it's diff it's different. I mean, I, I never did, but from, from a, from a far it's different. But like, that's just like the playoff atmosphere, like on the road for some of these guys. It's, you know, it's a little, it's a little tough, but like they bounce back, they win game four, they go home, they win game five. Like nobody's having some of these conversations that people are having today about some of, some of these guys. Yeah. Do you think, do you think maybe SGA needs to step up the embellishment a little bit as a guy who was known for flopping? I mean your nickname was flop as we saw earlier. Should he take acting classes?


Should he really crank it up in, in game game four coming up? I'd like to see him implement some WWE tactics, you know, maybe, you know, to put tape over a cut and then when he gets fouled, rip it off his blood coming down. I want, I want more from him, more theatrics. I, I actually like, people talk about his like selling selling fos and stuff, but like, he also is so good at it, like, and he, he's in control of his body so well that he like, feels something. He is like, oh, I'm gonna do this. And then the other guy presses one step too much and it's just like, it it to me, it's not like crazy flopping. He's just very good at putting his, his putting himself in the right position to get a foul.


Which is a, yeah, it's a skill to be honest. Good. He is an art form. Like he, he has taken it to an incredible level and he is very good at, he's also very good when he doesn't do that. And I think he's a saying he's a great passer too when he's just like calmly taking it through the lane. Looking for guys. You played with some guards that were always looking to throw you LOBs anytime you were close to the basket. Was there one guy that would just surprise you that you'd always have to be on the lookout for? Like, I have no idea when the ball's gonna be lobbed up in the air and I have to jump and go get it. But I need to be a hundred percent ready at all times. I've Always said, man Baron Davis was like a master at like, just, and he would just let the ball fly. Like he would three quarter court didn't matter. He would just let it fly and they were always pretty good passes.


Obviously CP is one of the best of all time, but like Baron is kind of like that name that would really surprise you of like a guy who just like can throw unbelievable lob passes and he'll, he'll try anything. When do you, do you guys ever talk about if, when you're in, in a playoff series, we always joke like a must win can't lose. Do you think like, being down to one is, is there any talk being like, we gotta win this game. Do you guys do must win Can't loses? I don't think like, I don't think you'd want to say like, we have to win this game, but like, the sense of urgency's going up, like I, it's, it's understood. Like we all, like you all know that we're down to one right.


Another home game for them. Like, gotta go win this game. But no one's saying that like, Hey, we gotta go win this. I don't think I, I think it's just completely understood and guys just know exactly what it is. I feel like I would, I would have to tell everyone it's a must win every game. Yeah. It's a must win Every, every time out. Yeah. Yeah. Must yeah. Every time down the floor, just yelling at the bench. Must win. Must win this possession. Must do it right. Now I got a weird question for you. Your former teammate with the Nets, Kevin Durant. I feel like he just, he's, he's back to fighting people on Twitter and I think it's a lot of people just looking for a reaction for him from him. But I do also feel this weird tide shifting where people are trying to diminish his accomplishments for some weird reason maybe 'cause he went to the Warriors and everything where like you played with him for a season, you went through wars with him in the, that playoff series where you guys went to game seven, the tow game.


How, how good is Kevin Durant? Like, does he, I feel like he's almost, he's he's become underrated now after maybe being a little overrated. Yeah, I mean, well according to some he is probably not a hall of famer. Yeah. No, he's, he is the most unaffected basketball player by a defense. Like, there's not anything you can really do to like affect his shot. Like he'll get to his shot, he might miss, but he'll get to it. I don't know, like, I don't know how people feel. I I do think that he, people kind of go at him for gonna the Warriors and those are his two championships, but like look at like the scope of work and look at how he does it and look at like how easily he does it.


He is, he is insanely talented and like he really like basketball is like, that's his thing. He loves it. So I, I don't know how, if I could say he's un underrated, overrated. I, I assuming that people are just like looking for things to talk about. But I mean, my whole thing with some of these good players, when people start to like pepper them, same thing with Jason Tatum. Like Jason Tatum is unbelievable. People have not done what he's done at his age and it's just like, they're just like you, you can hate on him for anything off the court, whatever you want. But like, you can't deny how good guys are on the court. Yeah. And I think that people for some reason they, they like let that like help their like view of them as players and also they don't appreciate what they're doing.


Yeah. Well you know what it is, they, they like cheapen it where they're like in, instead of talking about Jason Tatum, the basketball player, they'll talk about his aura and like try to diminish him 'cause of aura. Those People are idiots. Yeah. Morons. We would never do that. No. It's all, yeah, it's no. Yeah, definitely. We wouldn't be like, oh, he laced up his Timberlands, he's got no aura. I, I heard like, dude, come on, it's, we're talking about hoop Here. This one guy was like, he didn't even win the win the MVP of the finals last year. He's not the best player on his team. It's like, do this person has never watched basketball in Their entire life. You're moron. I hope that guy doesn't have a microphone. I mean they just give everybody a microphone. Yeah. Right. And people say whatever they want.


Not us. Not Not us, us, not us. I do think They say it to Kevin Durant more because he is active. Yeah. On x.com, the everything app. And so he will, he will fire back at people, which makes you feel important for a day if he responds to you. I think if he didn't, if he was still burner kd, which I'm kind of glad that he moved away from the burner and it is just now saying everything with his chest. But if, if he were doing these replies in the burners, I don't think that as many people would be going after him at all. I think it'd be a completely different story. They just want, they want Kevin Durant to know that they exist. Yeah, I agree. I agree. And it's a lot of people just trying to get a, a response. But I also think he's so funny on Twitter. Yes. Oh so funny. Things he like, especially when he says stuff at Perk, it's so funny.


It's also, it, it, I I have a little sympathy obviously Kevin Durant's ma, like such a massive name and way bigger than anything we've ever accomplished. But I do think that it's bullshit that if someone like Kevin Durant responds to someone on Twitter, everyone's automatically like, you're triggered. It's like, can we not sometimes just respond to people? Like that's the point. It's Twitter, you know? Yeah. He just wants to get in The mix. You should, he should just start replying by video and just saying his response is on video and kind of do it with like a smile, like throw away thing and then people won't be like, you can't say you're triggered if you look like you're not triggered. True. That's true. True. Yeah. Like really Happy. So maybe, maybe, yeah. Maybe you go to video responses.


Yeah. I like the problem is with the internet is the minute the minute someone calls you triggered, you're, you're, it's over. 'cause you, if you say No, I'm not, well yeah. That response is triggered. Yeah. So Gotcha. Then you got triggered by somebody calling you triggered and nobody wants. Yeah. So it's a tri trigger trigger inception. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I, I do have a question about, about the finals. So I've heard a lot of people on TV say that role players play better at home. In your opinion, is that, is that an accurate statement or is that just something that sounds nice that you can say after the home team wins? I think that's accurate to a certain degree. I, there's some guys who like, love going and playing on the road, role player, star player doesn't matter.


Like there's some guys who just thrive on it. But I would say the majority of role players are more comfortable at home. Yeah. For sure. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. What was your, what were your thoughts on TJ McConnell last night on a scale of one to 10 on a blue collar meter? Would you put it at like, at 11, 12? I Mean, a blue collar meter, TJ McConnell's whole playoffs is operating at a, just finished a, a shift on a construction site going straight to the bar with his boys staying out all night going and doing it again. It is a pleasure to watch that that kid play basketball brother. Yeah. Like a coal miner up at, at one point the camera caught him, I think just screaming out I'm a dog. I don't know if that's, I think you can do that.


If you're coming off the bench, you can be like, I'm a dog. If you're a starter, somebody that's supposed to be a dog already, I don't think you get to yell that out loud, but when I saw him do it, I was like, he's right. Yeah. I agree. And I, you know what, the word dog is thrown around a little bit too much days. You know what I mean? Everybody's got that dog in them. The truth is, we can't all have dogs in us. Yeah. Then, then we're not special. You know, And we throw that around like, you know, like it's, I don't know, gimme something that's very common. I can think of Anything, but I, I agree with you. You should have to start specifying breed. Like you should be like, I'm a Labrador, I'm a bulldog. Yeah. You gotta do that Like Today. Yeah. I played like a poodle. Yeah. But you know what, the other day I was full rot while I Right.


And, and by the way, and you know, guys, like when I was with the Celtics, I was more of a a, a St. Bernard. Yeah. You know, I was carrying water, I was giving guys some water. I was looking out for people Yeah. Rescuing people lost on the mountain, you know? But back in the day, back in the day, Hey that, yeah. Greyhound. I don't know. Yeah. Something cool. Little pit bull breed I don't even know about. Yeah. What, what was, what was Piston's? Blake Griffin, what kind of breed would you have been on that squad? Mm. Just kind of your every man, your, every, your every dog did a little bit of everything. Most seasoned, you know, I, the hip dysplasia started to set in. You were Air Bud. Yeah. You were like Air Bud three. Yeah. Yeah.


Air Bud Tendonitis years. Yeah. I was Were you happy for the Pistons to finally win a series? That was pretty awesome. I was, man, I, I, I really like, I I love Cade Cunningham. I think he's just, he is like a joy to watch play basketball. He's just like, he's kind of like Kauai in a way where he's just kind of like, just so smooth and always just kind of on this line. Not like game-wise, but just like he, he feels like he doesn't really get flustered and he just makes big shots and he kind of, the camera goes to him and he's just kind of like, yeah, I got it. But it's fun to see them and they're, they're like a, a great young team. JB is a great coach. Like they're, they're gonna be, they're gonna be good for a while.


And, And by the way, people are gonna jump in. They didn't win a series. They won a game, which they hadn't won in a while. I think they're gonna win a series next year. Like I think they're building something, right? Yeah. That's the progression for sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like you go through the wars, is it So people got mad at me because I, I, I kept on harping on that with like the ro the Rockets this year before the playoffs started. I was like, be like, oh, the rockets are gonna be dangerous. Like, I, that's just not how the NBA works. You have to go through the wars. Did you feel that like, as a young player, like you have to take your lumps. There's just something different about playoff basketball. You can't just, it's not just like, oh, we're a young team. We're gonna win, we're gonna beat everyone. Yeah, for sure. My first playoff series against Memphis, we happened to beat them in game seven, and we got swept by San Antonio.


The next year we lost to Memphis. Then the next year we finally broke through. We beat the Warriors, and then we had the thunder down and we fell apart, lost to them. And then you just kind of keep getting more and more experience. You also obviously keep getting better as a player, but Yeah. You, you're, you're so right. Like there's, there's, you, you, it's, it's hard to just like take that jump from like never winning a playoff series to like Eastern Conference finals. Right. You know? Right. But even the Thunder last year, like they lost to Dallas in, in, in the second round. Right. And now this year, like they, they went through that experience. Yeah. Pacers and they're, they're a better team for it. Pacers Pacers went to the Eastern Conference final last year. Like that was, I know they got, they got bounced.


I think they got swept by the Celtics, but like, that had to be experience that they could draw on when they were going through this year. A hundred percent. And it's, it's crazy that they, they went to the Eastern Conference finals last year and they're in the finals this year and they're still kind of like not talked about. Right. Yeah. Now, obviously now in the finals people are, but it's just like one of those teams where you didn't hear about them all year. Do, Do you know what I, I think it is. 'cause I've been thinking about this a lot. I think it's just based on the fact that Tyree Halliburton doesn't score 30 points a game. I think not having a guy who's like a 30 point game, you know, or whatever, call it 28 points a game, your best player not being one of those, like, prolific scores just has people look at you differently.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, it's probably it. I mean, people always say the small market thing. Like, I don't know. I mean, that team is just like so solid from top to bottom, so solid of the guys that they play so solid. And I, yeah, I, I think you're right. I mean, he's not like one of those like crazy flashy, he'll have these big games, he'll hit these big shots, but like, they're not one of those, he's not one of those like, go get you 30 every night. And like, it's a, it's a, it's a spectacle, you know? Yeah. Or like an automatic 25 where it's like, oh, okay, well Luca, or you know, a Tatum, all these guys are, or Jalen Brunson, like no matter what, they're just gonna get 25 in a playoff game. Tyrese Halliburton does have games where he scores a little less and everyone's like, oh, well how are the Pacers doing this?


I do think that some of it's also the fact that their leading score, I believe their leading score is Pascal, aka. Yeah. And he who's awesome, who's awesome. That's a dog. And he won a championship. Yeah. Yeah. But he did it on what a lot of people would say was like a boring championship team. Yeah. And so if it's anybody else that would go to the Pacers, I, by boring, I don't mean the team was boring. I mean that Kauai Leonard's boring. Yeah. Kawhi Leonard is boring. Yeah. And it's a Canadian team. So like, to most of America we're just like, that never happened. Yeah. But the fact that, that he was, that he's their leading score this year, when I think if he came from any other team and had that championship pedigree, I think that it would be looked at like, wow, the Pacer's just got a superstar. Yeah. I mean, they got a very, very, very good player in him.


He's, he, I think he's, he, maybe not this year now that he is doing this, but like, I mean, mean he's been pretty underrated for a while. And then, you know, after KW left, Toronto had some down years where it was just kind of like, they were playing some games that, you know, weren't, they weren't in the playoffs every year, but he is. He is. He's nasty. Yeah. Yeah. When was the last time you picked up a basketball? Not, not too long. I don't, I don't go, like, I don't go play pickup, but I, you know, I'll shoot around with my son or something, you know. Do you ever have the, like, do you ever be like, I could go play, pick, pickup and just dominate because I, I never understand that, and maybe this is just, obviously I'm not an athlete, but if I were that good, I would just go dominate people like, you know, at the local Y or like a baseball player, like going to play softball and just hitting, fucking, just bombs off everyone.


Yeah. With as many injuries as I had in my career, I feel like if I just look at a pickup game, I'll, that's fair. So I'm just kind of, you know, I'm, I'm enjoying not having surgery the last couple years. That's very Fair. Has, has Joe, what, when was the last time Joe Missoula texted you asking you to come back? Or just texted you in general? I don't remember the last time we texted. I, I talked to him not this season, the last season, you know, a couple times throughout the season. And it was just, it was my time, time to hang out. But I love, I love Joe. I, I love that. Like, he's, he's got like an identity now with like the, the, an established identity. He's always had that identity, but established identity with the media. And I just, I love it. I can't wait to see what he is gonna say next.


Yeah. Yeah. I, I love the fact that he's a psycho, but he owns it. He is like, yeah. What, What'd you guys ask him about how many times he's watched the town? Yeah. Oh yeah. I don't know if he had like a straight an like twice a week. He honestly watches it twice a week. Yeah, It was, or the time when he said, I think it was after they won the championship, he like wanted to like rip apart his house. Yeah. No, because he wanted to like go back to his roots. He's like, I wanna just take this door down. He bought a House with his wife and his wife wanted because it's a beautiful home. And then they moved in. He was like, I want to destroy this house because it's too comfortable. Yeah. It's amazing. Yeah. I love it. I love that guy. Yeah.


Alright, I got one last question. Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs, polos, hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code. Take important question. What are you doing to get ready for Blake of the year? We're getting close. We're a month away. I feel like.


I think Bortles is gonna be hungry. Yeah. Think he's gonna be hungry. I mean, he's a tough competitor. You know, Brooks, you know, he's gonna be hungry as well know he wants a chance to get on the board. I mean, it's, this is arguably one of the best times of the Blake of the year, just because you got a lot of, you know, you got, there's a chance for parody. There's two dynasties kind of going up head to head and, and sometimes people overlook the other guy. And that other guy right now is Brooks. And I've just been doing a lot of Blake things and just focusing on, on myself. You know, I think in Blake Control what you can control. Yeah. In Blake of the year, you have to learn how you have to go through battles.


You have to learn how to lose first and then you improve year after year. I think that's exactly where we are with Brooks right now. Yeah. Yeah. And dude, take it from me. You know, that it was heartbreaking when I was serving my country playing for team USA and I missed the call that first year, you know, and I, I, I had to watch for a year as, as sports paraded that thing around all year long. And I just kept, you know, I I I just kept my head down and I said, you know what, you were doing the right thing wearing the red, white, and blue, and you know, next year it'll be your year. And I just kept, I just kept being a Blake. Yeah. How's the golf game? Not good, but, you know, we're having fun. What, When you say not good, this is a, I I've noticed this.


All former athletes are, they'll be like, I'm not a good golfer. And then you'd be like, what's your handicap? And they'll hit you with like a six or a seven. Like, that's, you're playing fun golf. What's your Heading? I'm not single digits. I'm like at 10 right now. That's pretty good. That's Still fun. Golf. Yeah. Yeah. You know what? I've gotten to the point where it's like, I'm not gonna like completely embarrass myself. I'll have some horrific shots here and there, but like, you know, you, you generally know I know what I'm supposed to do. Right. Sometimes it doesn't work out. Yeah. It's a skillset set that you have to have after you retire because people will just pay you to show up at their tournaments now. Yeah. Yeah. It's a pretty good life of Thought. Yes. Of Thought. Oh, I do wanna apologize for one thing.


Would you have attended the BET gala? Yeah, I got the invite a little late. I, I texted Blake and I was just like, I can't remember. I think I was just like, oh, you know, do we have this thing? Or, or I asked him like if he has this date open and he replied and then I was like, I, I basically like chickened out. 'cause I was like, I don't really want to invite him because he's gonna be like, he's gonna be nice 'cause he's nice, but I really don't want to invite him. 'cause it's also like a, a commitment to fly all the way to Arizona. So I asked him for the date and he replied, he's like, yeah, I'm free. And then I didn't say anything. And then like two days later he just, he just wrote back like, okay, cool. I was like, Fuck, I fucked that up. Yeah.


I, yeah. Yeah. You know what? Maybe next year. Okay. All okay. Maybe. Yeah. I just gotta nut up next year. I gotta get the dog in me. I was being, I was being a little chihuahua. You're being a cat. I was. I was being a cat. You're being a cat. Gotta be a dog. Yeah. A Big Cat. Yeah, a Big Cat because of the nickname. Oh, That's good. That's good. That's why you're fucking on TV now. That's why you're doing Amazon Prime. That's Why he's played Gryffindor. Yeah, Exactly. Hey Blake, who do you have in the finals Official prediction? I'm gonna, I'm gonna go Oklahoma City still. Okay. Oh Wow. I'm gonna stick with my original prediction. I'm not gonna change after a two one lead. I'm gonna say Oklahoma City. They, they, they, they gotta win game four and it's a three game series and two of 'em in are home for them. Sounds like It's a must win. It's a must, must win.


Oh Blake, you're the best man. Thank you so much. We miss you. And we'll see you soon Miss you guys. Thank you.


Blake Griffin was brought to you by our great friends over at Mountain Dew. Baseball Season's heating up summer in Chicago here in full swing. Beautiful outside great times to be outdoors. Great times to be under the sun. Great times to be working up a sweat and taking the edge off with an ice cold Mountain Dew. You know what else is going on in, in Chicago, we got day baseball games. The greatest place to watch a daytime baseball game, maybe in the world. Chicago, Illinois. Nice and hot Love drinking an ice cold Mountain Dew. If I'm at Wrigley Field, love drinking an ice cold Mountain Dew. If I'm out on the golf course, I'm gonna be spending some time at the lake. I'm bringing a full cooler Mountain Dew with me. You gotta do it up. And then we've got Camp Barstow coming later and that I, I just remember drinking Ice Cold Mountain Dews like four times a day after every activity, the best. Nothing goes better than hanging with, hanging with your friends than the refreshing citrusy kick of Mountain Dew. And they got these new cans, they're beautiful. It makes me want to go spend some time on a mountaintop. They're retro. They just look delicious. It's the most delicious looking can in the world. Grab a dew in the new packaging. Enjoy the refreshing, refreshing citrus kick. Check it out. Mountain Dew, grab one today.


Blake was also brought to you by our great friends over at State Farm and basketball. The great players don't just do it alone. They have teammates, coaches, and a solid support system behind them. It's kinda like insurance because let's face it, a lot of us probably aren't great at doing that alone either. And that's where State Farm comes in. State Farm is a teammate always ready to assist, help you find the coverage that you need and help you recover from the unexpected, from Fender benders to storm damage or even just a question about your policy. State Farm is there to help provide an assist when you need it through the State Farm Mobile app. A network of 19,000 local agents and online@statefarm.com. So don't just go it alone. We need help protecting what matters most. State Farm is there. State Farm with the assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


And now here's Owen Wilson. And now for something completely different. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very, very special guest. It is Owen Wilson, one of the best actors out there, and he's got a new show out on Apple TV called Stick, which I've watched the first three episodes. Awesome show. Very excited about seeing where it goes. It is the story Owen, a golf former golfer, pro golfer kind of fallen bad, bad times, and then finding a kid prodigy that he's gonna coach. And three episodes out right now. They come out every Wednesday on Apple tv.


So Owen, let's start with Stick. First of all, I read everything about it, how you basically like had to learn how to play golf. Your brothers played golf, your dad played golf, you didn't really play golf. Did you get good in learning this role? I was already sort of, and, and, and I remember when I met Morikawa and he said, what's the best club in your bag? And I, I said, my putter and I had always done kind of, I'd have kind of putting matches with my dad. And so I was already, and that ends up being almost half the game. So I'm okay. Pretty good putter. And then it's just kind of figuring out the other part. And yeah, some days I have it and can do okay.


And then other days it's like, it's like I, I feel like I've made no progress. Yeah. If you're playing a, a golf teacher and a golf guru, can you give yourself advice from that point of view? Well, it used to seem more like magic when I hit a good shot. Like how did that happen? And now there's a little bit of an ability to sort of self-correct while I'm playing. You have to be careful of too many swing thoughts. But my brother always saying, you know, relax your grip. And it is one of those kind of counterintuitive things that I think makes it so hard with golf. The more you kind of bear down and grit your teeth and like, oh, I'm gonna just crush it.


You can be sure you're not going to. So it really is kind of relaxing. And that's probably why golf, you know, they say is kind of a metaphor for life. Yeah, I was kind of kidding about. It seems like the metaphors for life are always things that are really hard. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. It's never like, you know, walking in the park on a beautiful day is a great metaphor for life. It's always something that's struggle and that a lot of failure. But hey, that's because that's what it can be. Yeah. Yeah. So, so in getting ready for this role, did you play a lot of golf? Because that seems like a genius move by you.


If that was, if that, if that was maybe consciously, like, almost like when Adam Sandler does a movie, like we're gonna do it in Hawaii. So we all get to go to Hawaii. We like, hey, I'm gonna, I'm gonna play a golf pro and I'm just gonna learn how to play golf. So I ha every time I golf I'm technically doing work. Oh God. I was saying that, you know, just this weekend I was playing and, and they're, and I was saying, well I'm, you know, I'm working. They go, but the show's already done. I go, it's never done, you know, because I'm gonna have to come on press. So I would kind of joke around with my brothers, like my dad would just get such a kick outta the fact that I kind of got paid to learn how to play golf and that now I was just in Australia and I went over to this course in Sydney that's like their pebble beach and you know, they were welcome me there.


So it is really nice that I got to do this show. Yeah, yeah. No, if, if, if this hits like we think it's gonna hit, you might just be known for the rest of your life as a golf guy. They'll get you out to tournaments, be like, Hey, sticks here. Yeah. We're gonna have, we're gonna have, it's, it's Cahill and you'll get to just kinda like show up doing golf events Yeah. And playing golf for the rest of your life. Yeah, I know when I was working, you know, I love that city Paris and I remember when I was working on this movie and midnight in Paris and thinking like, ah, I hope this, you know, does okay. Because it would be nice whenever I come here to, you know, sort of be connected with that. It would be nice if that were to happen with this that I could go to someplace like Augusta and maybe, and maybe be welcomed.


Yeah. Yeah. In when you are making a movie or a show, do you intuitively know like, this is going to be great or has there been any time when you've done it, you've done the movie, you're like, this is great and then for some reason people watch it and they're like, ah, we don't really like it. Oh Yeah. I would say you never, you and I've talked with other actors, you'd never know and you wish there was more of a correlation between having a good time and how it turned out, but there isn't. And it's just hard and it's just kind of out of your control. Some things just seem to connect with people and a story and, and then other things just kind of miss. But I mean, you know what it's like when you're flipping through the channel.


Like there's some movies when I'm flipping through that if it's on, I always seem to kind of like, I love that movie The Town and it's like, I'll be going through that's on or heat. Yeah. I end up watching the whole thing. It is obviously, it feels great when you, you know, work on something that does connect. 'cause you know, you're not making it in a vacuum. You're making it with the hopes that that people respond. But I do always say that it's a little bit like, I love school, I just didn't like getting grades. You know, my parents would get mad. So I love kind of making stuff I don't like when they come out and like, ah, yeah. You know, it's like getting grades.


Yeah. And then you have, and then you have movies that are such hits that, do you like Wedding Crashers was that stretch of comedy I feel like was, was kind of the pinnacle for especially we were at time and place, you know, I was in college. Do you though ever thought like when it came out, did you ever think, I probably have so many copycats now that are crashing weddings? So I remember guys would be like, let's go crash a wedding. It's like, well that was a movie. We don't have to go crash a wedding. Yeah. And then the the crashing funerals that that will Ferrell, I remember, you know, going to see Animal House Yeah. With my dad and loving that movie. And you know, there's that scene where they go to the women's college to, you know, get some dates and they show up and they saw that somebody had died in a kiln explosion and they're kind of pretending that that's who they're there to go on the date with.


And you know, I think that led right into that sort of idea in Wedding Crashers for Will's character. But you know, that movie, I think when we were doing it, I know that, you know, Vince and I felt like we were having a good time with David Dobkin. Obviously that one, I mean Vince is so great in that, and, and I always think kind of, you know, there's some people like Jack Nicholson and I think Vince is like this, that if you saw them, you know, just in real life and you know, they weren't a movie store and you just were around the guy at dinner or at a bar, you'd be like, God, I met this incredible guy who was so funny.


Like we all do. Yeah. I would say Jerry O'Connell's that kind of guy for us, right? Like everyone's got a Jerry O'Connell story. You mean Jerry instant magnetism can't get enough of the guy. The and and, and remind me Jerry, He was the the fat kid in standby me. He's married to a supermodel wife, Rebecca Rome. Okay. But he was also in Jerry McGuire. Yes. Yeah, yeah. Yes. He's a good friend. A kangaroo jack. Right. He played the quarterback Yep. In that the Kush. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, that's A good story. Great guy. Yeah. That's a, yeah, we love Jerry. He manages a fantasy football team.


Oh. Co-managers or a fantasy football team in, in wedding crashes. There's the iconic football scene. And then I read that you actually, you played flag football right after that movie came out and your coach was Urban Meyer. So Urban coached you up on the football field? Yeah, he did. I can't say he coached me because I don't think he identified me as one of his star players on that team. And I think I was sort of more of an afterthought for him because he'd kind of give a couple of guys like, you know, routes to run and then I'd say, what about me? And he'd say, I just want you to split right. And just run your ass off. But there are some coaches that, you know, you connect with and, and then others you gotta kind of prove yourself.


And I think by the end of that game, I did get an interception that, that Urban was happy with. You know, the thing you could also tell, because the other coach of that game was Bobby Bowden. Oh. And you know, he wasn't really taking it seriously, he was just having fun. But Urban Meyer, you could see this is a competitive guy and he wanted to win that game. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. He is very competitive guy. I have a question. It's kind of a weird question. Is it weird as a 40-year-old man if I came up to you and I said, Hey Owen, I loved you in cars. Is that a weird thing? 'cause my kids love cars, they love all three, but would it be weird to be like, I actually also loved you in cars?


No, I, I one time got a nice note from Alec Baldwin because his, you know, he is got a bunch of young kids and you know, they watch cars and, and there's something about kids where they haven't watched a show once till they've watched it 50 times. So said that like, you know, my voice is just sort of there in their, you know, household is Lightning McQueen. So Yeah, I mean, one thing that is odd is that now I am meeting kids for the, I don't know when the first one came out, but those kids could be be now 19 years ago. Yeah. So they could be in their twenties years ago. Right. So why like a 10-year-old or something? The now I feel like I'm recognized, it's funny to say recognized for an animated movie, but I am, you know, I went to the Rolling Loud music festival and I had, you know, people in their twenties saying Lightning McQueen and Cacha and stuff.


And it's odd because those would've been the same kids that, you know, 20 years ago, their parents would've been saying, this is Lightning McQueen. And the kid would've just been staring like, what are you talking about? That's not lightning Mc. Right. I'm gonna tell my kids tonight that I interviewed a Lightning McQueen today. Yeah, you talked to a car today, dad. That's pretty cool. Yeah. What did a good job. Very cool. Well, tell 'em I said Cahow. I love it. I love it. I, I read an interview that you did where you said that some people say that you've spent too much time watching sports in your life. What's, what's too much, how much sports do you watch? I I just, you know, I feel like during like football season it's just kind of unbelievable now.


Kinda, well, I mean, you're always gonna watch, you know, the Sunday night, Monday night, Thursday night, and then there's gonna be, you know, a couple on Sunday. So, and then there's college. So you're just putting in a lot of time watching. And then, I'm not in fantasy football, but I'm in a league with, you know, like eight friends where you pick games and that can get very competitive and, but I don't consider it, you know, I was joking about that finally doing this golf show. It gives me a thing to be able to say, oh, that wasn't wasted time. It was all feeding into playing this character. But I never really did consider it wasting time because you could say anything's a waste of time.


I just, I don't know. I love watching those ESPN 30 for thirties. I love watching those football lifes, you know, the baseball films. I just was watching, you know, the Fernando Mania one and it brings back, you know, memories of Sports Illustrated was a big thing when I was a kid. And like my dad getting that. And I mean there's I think a reason why sports salaries just keep going up. It's 'cause you can't duplicate that kind of, you know, excitement and drama that, you know, that you saw just as recently with Rory McElroy at the Masters.


I mean, how much of you know a feeling did that give you that day watching it? I mean, that was brutal. I wanted him to win so bad and three different times I gave up on him. Well, that's it. It's over. And then when he finally wins, it didn't look like somebody who had won it looked like torture. Like he had just been through a gauntlet, which of course he had. So, you know, I I I mean I guess that's just what makes, you know, sports so watchable or just the tennis open that they just had. Yeah, yeah. Five set where, you know, and I actually, even though I like Alcaraz, I bet on Center to Win and Oh, I've got this.


Well no, you don't have it. Yeah. And that's just kind of, because a lot of times you, you know, you know that that kind of, it's, I think we love stories and so that was a great story we watched on Sunday between those guys. And you don't know how it's gonna end and it's got you on the edge of your seat and that's what, you know, any good book or movie or TV show is trying to deliver. And that's what sports just has. Yeah. So who are your teams who you root for? I root for the Red Sox. 'cause even though I grew up in Dallas, those, you know, my parents were from Boston and my grandparents and those were the first games that I went to.


And then the Cowboys huge. I was very happy to see the Dodgers win the World Series and we went to that Victory parade downtown. But I've kind of, you know, we, we didn't really grow up with hockey. My older brother, you know, his last two years of high school went to Massachusetts and played intermural hockey and said, had we grown up in a hockey place? He said, it's an incredible sport And we would've played. But I get into watching, you know, hockey now too. I think that that's like, even if you were sort of, you know, someplace like England, you know, you spent enough time and there's, you know, nothing else on, you'd start to get into cricket, You know?


Yeah. It would just happen. I I got a question about Wes Anderson, your partnership with him. Obviously I, all his movies are iconic and, and, and great to watch. And you, you've known him since your days in college and, you know, bottle rocket and all, all throughout all of them. When you're, when you're filming it though, what does it look like on set where it's like, you know, the end product's going to look so different and visually appealing and this unique style. Is it, is it, does it feel different on set when you're doing a Wes Anderson movie? Yeah, it definitely feels different. First of all, just the way you're making it feels different because everyone's living in the same place and you're all having dinner together.


And it ends up being just kind of a nice sort of way to make something. 'cause you're sort of like a little family usually when you're making, you know, a movie or show people have their trailers and you're staying in different places and you might not, you know, see much of each other other than at work. And that's not the way it's happening on Wes' movies. And even something like, you know, kinda, you do kind of hair and makeup and then throughout the day on a normal movie, they're coming up and adjusting things that, that you're, they're coming up once at the beginning of the day and you kind of get your own sort of wardrobe ready. And then the rest of the day there's no sort of, you know, interruption.


So it, it is kind of a unique experience making one of, you know, his movies. And I think that's probably why he is able to get all these great actors that want to be in it because, you know, it's not like they're maybe getting paid the way they might on another movie. It's because they want to be part of that experience. And again, back to what we were saying, if you have a chance to work on something that connects with people, that's a great feeling. And if you're doing one of his, your your chances are maybe better. Yeah. Yeah. I mean they are, they are great movies and they, they are iconic. What is, what is the worst pitch that you've ever gotten for a movie? Like the easiest No.


That you've ever said? Well, I can't even say just dismiss something out of hand as a, you know, bad pitch. Somebody was just saying, and I think they were sort of kidding. What about you and your brothers playing the Manning Brothers? And they were just kidding. Part of me, Part of me is like, yeah, I'd like to do that and I'd like to, I'd like to be P Peyton. I feel like I connect with him as a middle, as a middle brother. So I think they were sort of joking, but I kind of am like, ah, maybe there is something to that. Yeah, I'd watch it. I would watch that. I would watch too. The problem is I think everybody would want to be Peyton. No, I don't think so.


You know, Cooper is, he's a great character. He, you know, might be the funniest of the three and, and he has a great story. He is a great, you know, college player and then, you know, had some sort of health thing. So that's kind of a moving, you know, character arc. And then Eli with those, you know, two sort of two for two Super Bowls taking down the Patriots. You telling me you don't wanna play that character? Come on. There's a lot of meat on the bo I I would watch that movie for the record. Yeah. And then let's go to the patriarch, you know, and then we also have a role for kind of a, you know, the Hot Shot rookie with Arch now at ut?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm in. How, how how's your relationship with the word wow been over the years? Has it, has it ebbed and flowed where people, I would imagine there's probably was a time where you're like, alright, enough, I don't, I don't need to hear people say this to me on the street all the time. And then you get to a point where you're like, alright, it's kind of cool that like, you know, I'm, I'm recognizable and I've, I've I've been in people's brains at some point. Well I I think you just nailed it exactly what you just said. Sometimes it's, first of all, I wasn't aware of it till it was sort of, you know, I think it was already sort of an internet thing. And then I remember the first person kinda showing and they were a bit tentative I think because they're sort of, you know, how would I react?


And yeah, I didn't realize obviously that I was saying it. And now I definitely am a lot more careful, but you know, if I did have to pick a word that's not a bad word to be associated with. And I remember Beck did a song Cald wow. A few years ago when they were talking to me about coming out on stage. So, Hey, yeah, if it makes you feel better, someone did the math. You you've been paid $1,300 per wow, That's it. Yeah, I guess so. Yeah. Well then, and then I sometimes will get sort of, not bitter, but I'll sometimes say, I wonder if some of these internet people doing this, they can't find some other words that actors have said a lot.


I bet there's a lot of other words. That's a fact. Yeah, right. Well, well is a good one. Yeah. Yeah. But somehow I'm, I was about to say it. Be careful. I-I-I-I-I know that I've noticed that You don't wanna say it, which I, I completely understand. Yeah, I appreciate It. Oh, I said it, I did say it once. That's how aware of it, you know. Yeah. Just said it when I said, you know, back has the song and I'm like, okay, then the la this to the list now It's spelled WOW. Yeah, That's great. And a lot of times actually they'll have it sometimes, you know, when I'm doing like a voiceover or some animated thing, but I've changed it from that into, whoa.


So, so that's, Well if I heard you say whoa in person, I, I would actually be furious in that moment. I'd be like, what? What is woe? Yeah. What the hell's wrong with him? Alright, well Owen, I have one last question again. Everyone go see Stick Apple tv. It's awesome. New episodes every Wednesday.


Myra, last question, Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take


So in Stick you have some celebrity guest appearances. Our good friend Max Hoa, you have Colin Awa who's been on our show. Great guy. Is there a specific golfer that you now are rooting for? Because golf is one of those funny sports where guys kind of root for like, they don't really have maybe one person they ride with like team sports. Yeah. But is there one person that you like going forward you're like, I'm really rooting for that guy now. Well, you know, they, they talk about like, didn't they say like the Sports Illustrated jinx? Like, you know, somebody could be on the cover and then not do well. Well I've noticed that, you know, gosh, all the guys like Keegan Bradley, he's doing great and more Kawa and then Max was just, you know, doing great that, oh, wouldn't there be a great thing if it was like the opposite, if there was like the stick bounce that some of these guys got.


So I'm, I'm rooting for all those guys to do. Well and then, you know, Rory was kind of, you know, like I said about that masters, I wanted him to win so bad and was so happy with that. But yeah, I, I definitely now pay attention. And it's funny, we were talking like Max, you know, just right when I met him and when he did kind of the scene, he has kind of a funny energy and that guy kind of has a quality, you know, back to how we were kind of talking about like yeah, that guy just kind of has something that's kind of comes through and you know, is very comfortable and natural in a, in a way that you like to watch.


Yeah. Yeah. We, we love Max. I feel like, I feel like Price Cahill could, could help Max out right now. Ooh. Like get him, get him in the zone. I feel like that's a good, a good combo because Max is such a good guy. You can't help but root for him once you meet him. Yeah, yeah. Move over Manning pitch And we might have to move into the Yeah. Price and Max Hoa team up. I like that. I like it. Price Cahill by the way is a great alias. Yeah. Do you have, do you have good aliases like when you go on the road? 'cause I feel like you just burned one with Price Cahill. Yeah. Price Cahill is like, I mean, somebody was saying the other day that had to have been a real golfer and they were looking up. 'cause it sounds like the ultimate golf name, but no, you know, I think the Ramones, like, they, they got their name because that was Paul McCartney's name that he would use at hotels was Johnny Ramon.


And that's how they kind of got their name. But no, I've never, I've never had like an alias that I've used. No, you're you're Lightning McQueen. You don't need an alias Queen. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well Owen, thank you so much man. We really appreciate it and great show. And I'm excited to see where it goes. Yeah, thanks guys. Appreciate it.


Owen Wilson was brought to you by part of my cheese steak. We got breaking news, new combo alert, breaking new combo alert. Pardon my cheese steak. Has brand new combo on its menu. Introducing the big one, an original classic cheese steak, your choice of our brownie bites or donut dippers and a drink. All for a discounted price. Max was just saying he loves big ones, right? I absolutely love the big one. Perfect for your game day meal or late night eats. Part of my cheese steak offers a wide variety of cheese steaks, loaded fries and popular desserts, all delivered right to your door. And the big one, you get the classic cheese steak, your choice of the brownie bites or the donut dippers and a drink all for a discounted price. It's a great deal. Pretty much a three course meal. You got your cheese steak, your dessert, you got your drink. Go to part of my cheese steak.com order with code PMC 20, get 20% off. That's promo code, PC two zero for 20% off.


Then Fire Fest is gonna be brought to you by Morgan and Morgan. Morgan, Morgan. We all know that life comes at too fast. One minute, something's going really, really well. And the next boom unexpected disaster. I think you might hear one or two of those in Fire Fest coming up in a second. When you find yourself in the middle of your very own fire fest, you just might need America's largest injury law firm in your corner because at one time you might be having a great, great evening playing a video game with your friends, and then the next second boom, you get pub stomped by a shark, NATO with the boys, and all of a sudden you can't do anything about it. That happens in real life too, not just in video games. And when it does, you call Morgan and Morgan, they've been fighting for the people and helping with your fire fest for over 35 years with Morgan and Morgan. It's easy to get started and their fee is free unless they win. You can check 'em out@forthepeople.com slash pmt. That's for fo r the people.com/pmt.


Okay, let's wrap up the show. We got Fire Fest of the week, Henry. Yeah. Another great week. I do have a fire fest, but this, this was one of those weeks we talked about how, you know, fake life of a job. It was this week, Monday we golfed. You got a dog, We golfed charity golf outing Stella Blue Tuesday we woke up, we came in dressed up as the fruit from Fruit of the Looms for a commercial. Yep. That was ridiculous. Yep. Wednesday for work, we went fishing for four hours. Yep. And tomorrow we're waking up and playing Dungeons and Dragons. Yep. Yeah, it's a pretty good, I I was actually Put it that way. Yeah. Pretty good. Yeah. Good night. It's a preposterous, preposterous week. I was very tired on Wednesday when I got home and I, I went home and I acted like I just got out of a shift at the coal mines and I like put my feet up and I, I let out an audible like groan, like, oh, it's so good to kick my feet, but feet up for a second.


And then I thought of the itinerary of what I did that week to make me tired. And I was like, I'm not actually tired. Yeah. I'm not. Yeah, no. My, my biggest complaint this week was that I just forgot to put on suntan lotion when we fished like, man, this is tough. I got a little burnt. Good life. Good life. Yeah. Great life. We're very Appreciative of the life we have Great Life. And at the, at the golf outing, I was chopping it up with Jersey Jerry before, and he is like, oh, look at this broomstick, sweeper putter I have. And I, you know, was like, oh, I'll post a video of it. You know, people, the golf, golf purists out there hate, you know, people using the sweeper putter, understandably. So. It looks ridiculous, especially for someone who's as bad of a golfer as myself.


But I was like, yeah, I'll, you know, I'll use it for the video. It'll be funny, it'll get people riled up. And then I like was putting as, as good as I ever have and I've just been battling wrestling with myself on if I'm gonna actually use it in real life. You and I think, I feel like I have to, but I know understandably so people are gonna be like, that guy is the biggest douche bag of all time. Let, Let's make a pros and cons. List Pros Good at Putting, maybe You might be better at putting or good at putting Putted putted Well once Yes. Yes, yes. Okay. Could be the difference. Maybe Any other pros, No cons. Douche bag. People notice you from far away, like on other greens being like, who is that douche bag?


Who's that douche bag Pro engagement whenever you tweet videos of yourself doing it. That's true. Yep. Con people might think that you're really short using a reg, a regular sized putter. I think that's not a problem for me. That's not a problem for me. I hypothetically, I don't ever really think about like, and people are gonna think I'm short if I do X but That was Same projecting There, Same Con people. If they don't think they're a douche bag, they're gonna assume you're a good golfer. Yep. Yeah. You have to be good with that. Right. You can't, you cannot break that up in three putt everything. Right. But I, I at least have to to feel it out. But it's like we got the Ryder Cup coming up. I just don't know. I don't know.


I'm I'm, that's the worst part of my week. How good Were you with it? Really good. I felt con as confident as, you know, I ever have putting, and I hit some really good putts, Pmm TV coming out today that Will show Yeah. Pmm TV coming out today. So is this is the Broom Big Cat hit a hit, Big Cat hit like a 40 footer with it. I did. Is The broom stickers stick putter? Is that for, for players who are young in their primes? I think it's just like a, it's just, they invented it and it's for people when they're going through, going through with the putter, it's like, oh, you know, try the broomstick. I think pe people who just suck at putting, they get better with it. I've, I've always thought, like for olds, No, I think it, like, it, it does make it so there's less, like you c you Can't for not breaking your wrist.


Yeah. You can't go crazy with it. You just, you just do it like Yeah. You don't break your wrist. It's very simple. It's easier to have a, a straight line of the ball. Okay. But yeah, I'm probably, I'm definitely gonna use it Friday and we'll see from there. You're Gonna experiment. What's Friday? I'm golfing. It's my birthday. Oh, happy birthday. Happy Birthday. Oh yeah. This is your birthday episode. Thank you. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I mean, it makes sense. You're getting older. You're using the senior tour putter. I don't, it has nothing to do with age. What if I need you for the yak? I was all you just saying it. It's my birthday as if you weren't going to golf Tomorrow. Well I, that was, that was defense. Yeah. That was yak defense. That was yak defense. I would say if you need me for the yak, it'd be my birthday Wish if I could not Your birthday wish.


Hmm. We should all get birthday wishes on this show. Yeah. Oh, okay. So Fire Fest is just, you're found a putter that you're awesome at putting with Yeah. But it makes you look like a douche bag. Yeah. Fuck. Okay. PFTI was gonna say my fire fest is that Hank is turning 32, so that makes me old. Yeah, that's a, I mean, every, every year Hank gets old. That's really when I feel, I don't feel old at my birthdays. I feel old at Hank's birthdays. Yep. Seven. That was the seven year someone posted the, I think Big Cat posted the seven year anniversary of the Ogen. Oh yeah. That was like seven years. Holy fuck. Well, Here's a fun fact though. The job of a male ogen, OBG yn Is to is to mansplain that.


Oh my god. Hank. Oh, it's ob gyn OBGYN Obstetrician gynecologist. Yeah. I mean, how the fuck are you supposed to like know that they didn't put any periods in between the letters or anything? When was the last time you Got your pap smeared? Hank Hey. Confirmed Hank does not have a vagina. Yeah. Anyway, the job of a male, A very, very unhealthy one. All Jim is to mansplain women's bodies to them. Therefore their job is guys on chicks. Big Cat and PFT are practically doctors, so, Ooh. Okay. Yeah. I'll take it. I'm Angen. Yeah. We're Getting to that point where it's like, that was X years ago. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Like the 10 year of us at the Blackhawks Lightning Stanley Cup final fighting the hotdog. I was like, shit, 10 years is a long time.


Yeah. And that and the, and when that happened, it felt like we had been doing a long time. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Forties. The new 20 when it comes to romance, because you've got time, wisdom, and experience on your side. Ooh, good job Zach. That's Good. That's nice. Your forties come with a certain type of confidence in who you are. Can't be emulating in your twenties. So Hank congrats, you're 40, 32. Oh. And at this stage in life, you're, you're feeling out what makes you feel like a man. Now you've got the long putter and it's pride month and you should feel happy about experimenting with that. Love is love Hell yeah. Yeah. Then puffs or pots, my other fire fest was just gonna be that I've, I've had an all time week of, of bad fits, big bad fit week.


Is this just, You're just trying to get a compliment No. Of what Your fit today is phenomenal. Oh, Thank you. No, I was actually not fishing for a compliment there. I was just saying I've, I've had some bad fits this week. Hand up. I got roasted by Max on Monday because I was wearing the, the wildest out. Admittedly it was a wild outfit. It was piecemealed together as I was in Milwaukee and I had a, what what's that Max? Technically I didn't roast you. I just said you were, you were wearing an outfit that you normally would wear and I liked the outfit. Yeah. It, it was, this is the most PFT outfit of all time. It's a compliment. Yeah. A co It was a compliment. I I said I love that PFT throughout this first pitch and the most p ft outfit of all time.


Yeah, that's a compliment. Is there, there's no, there's no roasting in there at All. No. That, that's a compliment. They, they kept just adding layers to it that they would gimme, they're like, here, okay, here's a, here's a jersey you can put on. Okay. Here's a giant straw Hat that the hat was Giant straw Hat that you can wear. And then Big Cat shared with me that his daughter might have thought that I was a woman the other day in a picture. Yeah. I, I showed my kids. Well That has nothing to do with the fit. No, that was, that was just looks That was just looks, yeah. Yeah. I showed, I showed That's kind of the fit. I showed my daughter a picture of PFT and I on the boat for the, for the fishing tournament, which will come out I think in July. And she was just like, oh, you went fishing with our, with our nanny.


And I was like, Nope. That's my friend. PFT. You've met him many times. Yeah. It's okay. Listen, the hair was down. It was blowing in the wind. I get it. I looked hot. Yeah. So I can see why you might be like, okay. Yeah. In my house, the only bar stool people that are recognizable for my kids are a great trio. Stu Finer Max and Jerry. Yeah. Those are the three that get asked about all the time. Although I did, I did hear a story from earlier today that Megan brought her kids to the office and they thought you were Rico. Yeah. And then Megan, but then Megan was like, you're gonna get me fired to her son and her son. I was like, no, you're, you're not her son. Like started to freak out that that's, it was like, oh my god, mom just lost her job.


That is the Fun. That is the funniest mistake to make though though for big camp. Be like, oh, it's Rico Bosco. It's Rico. Is this the guy that found my phone number and is getting mad at me for surviving? Alright. Guy That calls the schools. Yeah, that was very funny. Alright, my fire fest. I am currently trapped in my own personal barstool after dark episode and I don't know how I'm gonna get out of it. So I, for people who don't know, our bars still after dark great series that Tate does. And it's basically, it's torture. It's punishment. You can't, you lock Yourself in hell for challenge. Yeah. He and he and oldie did, what was it, 12 hours at a golf course trying to get Two bunker Shots.


Two bunker shots. You, why are you Googling barcel after dark? Zach? I know what it is. No, but so anyway, I got a new basketball hoop for my kids in my backyard and was, it's able to go down so they can actually make shots Now. My son has taken a liking to basketball, which awesome. Like, so pumped for it. The problem is he, every day, and this started on Monday or Tuesday, whatever it was, he wants to make a certain amount of shots and it keeps doubling. That's good. It is. But like tonight I'm about to go do 80, I don't know, one 60 is gonna be daunting some point and then doubling it again.


So I'm just in a bar stool after dark challenge. Well, you Can start explaining Though. And we got 40. No problem. It took, you know, a little bit of time, but we got it. No problem. But, and and he said like, when I dropped him off the school morning, he is like, we're hitting 80 shots. And I was like, yeah, done. I don't know what I'm gonna say With one 60, At some point the math is gonna become, Start turning points, complex points. Every shot's worth x point. True, true. But he really wants to hit 80 shots and we're gonna hit 80 shots. We're gonna do it. That's good. Yeah, No, I I'm it's not, it's the doubling forever. That's gonna be a problem. We're gonna just have to figure it out how to maybe come back down and, and land on a number that we can, we can hit all the time And We just have a prodigy Introduce the concept.


Ofone. It's true. That's true. It could just be a prodigy. I'm gonna probably say no, but maybe never know thou, what is it, 10,000 hours? Yeah. Yeah. I mean by next week we will have to do 10,000 hours to hit the, you know, 20,000 shots he wants to hit. That's like the Beatles had 10,000 hours of practice or something like that. Yeah. To achieve mastery. Yeah, I'll be there. We'll be there in no time. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Zach, you have a fire fest for us? Yes sir. I've got a quick one. It was just going to the costume store earlier today. What happened? This is for what reason? Dungeon and Dragon costumes to be specific. Okay. So I was, I was tested with going to make sure I could get you guys the correct costumes, you know?


Right. Sizes, a good look. Good, good. Costumes. We made it to the Chicago costume place. Shout to Max for driving. That was awesome. He's great. Behind the wheel. What happened? It, I just hadn't some oversight we get in there. There's way more costumes than I first expected. And so that almost led to no costume. Like it was, it was so overwhelming. Like there's a lot on those. I don't know if you, have you ever been there? Yeah, I've been to a costume store. Yeah. Insane amount of costumes going on in the Chicago costume. Well, It, it is a costume store. Two Levels. It was a second floor. Yeah. How many, how Many costumes were you anticipating? Maybe like one wall, maybe wall, wall of wigs, wall, the costumes. Like when you go to Spirit Halloween, where Yes. Where do you sh where do you shop for clothes?


Clothes usually either Amazon or Let's say you go to the Gap or Gas. Yeah. Significantly Smaller than the Gas. Were you about to say the, a gas station? Just for t-shirts sometimes. That's It. Okay. Alright. Respect. Respect. Sorry to cutting you off there, but like, you go to the Gap. Are you like, this is just too many jeans? They only got like four or five different styles. Costumes. Each costumes a specific style. So it's like going to the gap and seeing 1500 styles of pants. Okay. How long did, how long did you spend at the costume store? It, it had to have been like 35, 40, 40 minutes. It was, oh Wow. There's more. We're Getting more. I think it was, I think we had 52 minutes. 52 minutes. We were there way too long. I didn't, I had a timer set to make sure I was going in and out quick, but then I had to put my phone in my pocket because I was holding the costumes.


We didn't get the first costume until th Minute 35. What, what happened between zero and 35? We Did leave it open-ended for Him. I know, but like you could've just grabbed anything. I didn't wanna mess up open-ended and then it just, I can't up a few. I went with a theme and A costume would've, would've You can't, as long as you get a costume. Yeah, We can't besetting That's the Open-ended bill. So you had to go, you had to pick the theme first and then you had to pick the costume for each person under that theme. I was thinking theme a couple times, but then we're going size bound, so then we're like, well, we gotta make sure we have enough that that meets, that the people can get into the costume. So that was a couple, you got Too stressed out about the theme. So at one point I did give him the guidance of like, just so you know, there doesn't have to be an exact theme.


Okay. We do. There almost never is. Yes. That's kind of what I said. That Was, yeah. I mean, the only time we tried to do a theme, we actually screwed up and got our communication crossed And we all were shredder and Hank was true. Michelangelo theme locks it into four or like four to six costumes that you, you know, that's probably all in the same row. You, once you open it up to individual costumes, then we're back to all 1500. We're hitting the vintage underneath. We did leave with them. Right. Amount of costumes. I just don't know if you guys are gonna like 'em, but we'll have to It is what it is there. I what's done is done at costume store. If I could have gone back, I would've done some more Planning. And I'm sorry that we had you guys there longer than expected. There was also a cat. So outages are flaring up. It was a, it was a whole thing. I feel terrible about it, but luckily we left with six.


Are you confident heading into tomorrow? I'm excited. Are you stressed out? I've, I'm not confident in costume selection to be Can you give us transparent, give us one costume You picked up. Don't say for who, but just say one costume. I got a Ringo star riding a pro, being a professional bike athlete. Wait, what? It just Wait, what? Ringo It's not that bad. It's just Ring Ringo Star. It's Ringo Star. If he entered the Tour de France, That's not, It's easy. It's Easy. Okay. That's the easy one. I like that one. That's a good one. That's my favorite one. That's My favorite one. That sounds like Pft One. No, I was gonna say, it sounds like Hank There's one that's someone's not that I don't think someone will be happy.


Okay. That's me. That was a misstep. I'm not going a hundred percent. I cannot confirm nor deny That Sounds like Zach was looking at some costumes and then memes was like, you know what would've be Perfect for him? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We filmed the entire thing. We, we gave him no guidance and Yeah. Right. In my defense, I didn't realize That He was probably just pointing the camera. Like If, if We did, no, we did that with Max and the Snla costume. If Max and memes weren't there, Zach, would you still be in the costume store? Hopefully not, but I would've probably been there for a little bit longer. You Definitely would've. Well, the other thing was, we had an interview at two 30 and that's when it, like i I, me and memes kept going like, you're good, you're good.


Like, take your time, take your time. And then it came down to it and it was like, if we don't leave right now, we will be late. We will be late for this interview. The interview started at two 30. We showed up back here at 2 27. Oh my God, Zach. That's Bad. It's all right. It was good. And it was good. It ended up being very good. There was a mis there was a misstep in the costumes that I didn't quite realize until we were in the car on the way back though. So that's, that's on me. What, what was that? Is that misstep with the costumes? We'll Talk about. That's the one. That's the one. We'll Have to workshop that later. Someone May Okay. So may be on That. That's the one that Hank's gonna be upset about. Well, well thank you for going to get the costume sack. Another great teaser for D&d. I appreciate the task. Yeah. Yeah. DDD Well, d and d episode will come out week of July 4th.


So get, get excited for what costumes We have. Yeah. And how, how's the diet been going? Diet, I let Redownload Fitness FitnessPal, has it been going good? Tracking the calories so we're in the right direction. I just keep That app sucks. It you become like a servant to it. It's like it controls your entire life. It's terrible. It's so bad. And everything has its way too many calories. That's When I found out grapes or carbs. What did you track? Just a sausage and pepperoni pizza. Full pie. He was like, I put it in the full pie. It was, it was sad to see how many calories are in a full pot, But it's good to remind yourself the next day how much you ate, ate. Like, Hey, fat ass.


Don't do that again. Yeah, You have to ho them. How many calories was In that? It was like, like 2,700 calories. Okay. In the pie. Put that down. Yeah. Okay. So I'll know tonight to eat better when I pull it up. Like, oh, you did the pizza yesterday. Like, Are you sure? When was the last time you pulled this? You pulled the z The what day was that going into? Probably about four days ago. I hit the McDonald's. You Hit the, you hit the Zack. I think that's gotta be once a week. It, IC it can't what my pants, man? I'm just running outta clothes. We can't do it. Pants once a week. Hit the Zac. Oh, You want? No, I can't. What? I'll hit it. Yeah, I probably hit It. Hit it. I do have to say one, one thing. This is more of a PSA of a personal fire fest.


And we then we can do numbers. I've become allergic to my own dog and it's a huge problem in my life. This is, oh, you're gonna lean a dunham? No, No. Oh, the dog is staying. But if there's any recommendations out there, I would love to hear what I can do. No Benadryl Can't. Benadryl, You can't sleep. You're gonna get addicted To Benadryl. This is interesting, interesting turn of events because I think it was just Monday that you were like, I Hank is the only anti-D dog person on this show. No. And you were like, I'm pro dog. I have a dog. And that happened right after Raw. This is Your entire body is anti Dog. I am so pro dog. It's In your blood. That I am like for the, I I have just accepted for the rest of my life that I'm, that I'm walking back into a pri to a prison of allergies.


Are you getting itchy? Are you get, are you sneezing? I'm sneezing a fuck ton. My, my throat. So in this, there was a cat at the, at the costume store and I, and I was having an, an allergic Wait, So this cat took down two members of Pardon? My team? No, it Was just me. That was, that was having the problem with the cat. Wait, Zach, Zach started to feel really bad because I started to get super allergic to the cat at the costume store. Oh, Zach, I thought you were allergic to cats. No, we were just in there way too long. And then his allergies were flaring up and the cat was like, it was upstairs, it was downstairs. It was free roaming. And then I could just see his eyes. I could see his face. But you just getting destroyed by the cat. You definitely made it Seem like you were having the reaction to the cat. It was me. You just, you just took that bullet for Max.


You're a good guy, Zach. Yeah. I felt terrible for his allergies. Yeah. Yeah. No, but that's just my life now. So any, I just bought like a fuck ton of air purifiers for my apartment. If anyone has any tips of what, 'cause I, I'm obsessed with my dog. There's, there's no, that is not an option of not having the dog. So I need to figure out solutions to not be a prisoner inside of my own home. I got one. What? Don't be a pussy. I know. IF it. Every si every single day I get home and my, I like start crying of allergies and I'm like, stop, stop it. Just be, just be fine. And then I'll literally get so allergic and I'll be like, this isn't a problem. And then I'll go like, put my, I'll go like snuggle with my dog and put my face like on my dogs.


Yeah. And then it'll, it'll be a huge problem. But I'm like, it's not a problem. It's not a problem. All right. The fact that it is a problem, you're actually handling it like a man. I appreciate that. What if you shave? Give it a haircut. Oh, shave the shave. The dog. Bald. Bald. Billy grooming. I have thought like maybe like a short, like a shorter haircut. What about all The shave? If no, that has nothing to do with it. Well, No. 'cause you get the dog hair caught in your beard. Nope. So maybe just a soul patch That has nothing. Now, now I, I, I thought I was gonna get good tips. Now everyone's just gonna tell me shit. Soul patch. I heard no one with a soul patch has ever been allergic to a dog. But that might be ai But also, I, I call, call was allergic. I never was allergic to this dog. And then summertime and now she, now, now I'm allergic.


Yeah. You might, ah, I don't know man. Maybe you need to get, I need tips. I need, you might need tips. Might Need to get more dogs. Oh yes. Beards can sometimes enhance allergies by trapping allergens, but only if they're not kept clean. Wow. Wow. That means, that means I just have to wash my beard more. Yeah, but or shave it and take soul patch. Most people would say Shave. Nope. No. Think About how easy it would be to wash your soul Patch. Any like real awls out there who don't want to Real tips would be appreciated. 'cause it's Real tips. Only Real tips because I'm just at the point where now I'm just, I'm just spending, I'm just spanking. Okay, so we need, all right, so just in summation 'cause we're gonna do numbers in a second. Yeah. But we need real tips only for Max's allergy problems.


And no pictures of him being fatter than Deebo. Yeah. Tomorrow's gonna be a bad, I'm, I'm not gonna look at, I'm not gonna be online tomorrow. You saved yourself up twice. Oh, all right. Number three. Three. Oh, I think that was Hank birthday. Your birthday. Wish It's birthday. Boy. My birthday wish I'm gonna use it in advance is for Hank to get number three. Yeah. What do we got? It's like, oh, they're looking at the levels. It's so close. But someone's gotta be the winner. Ty goes to the birthday boy.


Whoever's on top. Yeah, It's Hank. Oh it's Hank. What would be your backup number? Six. Okay. Is that your guess? Yeah. Okay. I'll go 33. I'll go 68 for Brooks. What a finish? Yeah. Class. You Didn't to get sweeper. Putter? Not, I don't know. 30 37. 37. Okay. 99 P 17. 51. 21.


Good luck Hank. Happy birthday. Thank you. If you get this 34. Thank you so close. So close. Damn memes. You are never gonna get it. I'm all over this ball day. Love guys. Never love you guys. You.