
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we've got a two for for the people. We have our good friend Booger McFarland on the show talking divisional round talking college football playoffs. Great time, always catching up with Boo. We also have Dana White on the show. We're gonna talk Monday Night Football. We now have our set bracket for Saturday and Sunday with the Rams beating the Vikings. We're gonna do Hot Seat, cool Throne. We have Guys On Chicks and it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings.


Have you played pick six from DraftKings yet? What are you waiting for? You better Better get on it. The playoffs are here and time is running out. As the official daily fantasy sports partner of the NFL DraftKings does fantasy sports like no one else play for better payouts on pick six. It's super easy to get started. Download the DraftKings. Pick six app. Select two or more players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat. Will a quarterback throw For more than two tds will a running back rush for less than a hundred yards or a linebacker have more than one sack. It's just that easy. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more in DraftKings is making it even sweeter For first timers new pick six customers play $5, get $50 in, pick six credits. Win more cash on pick six. Download the DraftKings Pick six app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to play $5. Get $50 in. Pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 30 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go Football K. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Win more cash on pick six. Download the DraftKings Pick six app use code. Take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5, get $50 in, pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The Crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, January 15th. And the Los Angeles Rams are a problem 'cause they demolished the Minnesota Vikings who end with one of the weirdest seasons possible. 14 wins, four losses. They only lost to two teams. They lost to the, the Lions and the Rams. That's it. Great team win. Not playing those two teams. Yeah, they, they won five games to start the season. Lost to the Lions and Rams, ripped off nine wins and then lost to Lions and Rams. Yeah, it's tough. It's Tough. But in a way, this it, if you go out like this, it does make it maybe a little bit easier when it comes time to make a decision on Sam Daral.


Yeah, The Sam Daral pumpkin did in fact happen. Now he got sacked a million times, but Some of those were On him. Yeah. The Rams defense was incredible. The Rams just o overall, like we, we, we, we were sniffing around it. We're like, what is Sean McVay up to? Yeah. He doesn't care about seating. He had a perfect game plan. The Rams looked great. Stafford looked like he was healthy for the first time in a long time. But yeah, I agree. Some of those were Sam darn not seeing it. And I think, I think Troy might have said it, maybe, or I can't, maybe it was in week 18. Someone said that like the problem with Sam Darn is he's a, he has to see it to throw it guy. He's not throwing as much like anticipation throwing guys open and he couldn't see it last night.


Yeah. Troy, there was something up with Troy's voice. Did you notice that? Yeah. Also, it seemed Like he was also, he was very, very frustrated. I, I love when Troy Aman gets mad at a team. He's like, because he gets so disgusted, he just Hates bad Football. Yeah. And he was so mad about them being down 18 and they were running the ball and going slow to the line. That Was a problem for me too. In the third Quarter. Yeah. Yeah. You're down. How many scores did they at? Two or three? They Were down 18, I Believe they were down to 18 points. And they're calling like three running plays in a row and taking their time, getting in the huddle, getting up to the ball. Like, you, you gotta go at this point. And at that, I felt like Kevin O'Connell just knew he wasn't gonna win. He's like, it's not in the cards today. Yeah. So what's really, what's, what's the rush? Yeah. So the couple things, Minnesota, we've talked about this before.


Minnesota fans listening to this right now, you guys deserve credit for being one of the most cursed sports cities out there. The last time they were in a championship round was 1991 with the twins. They've had some really, really, like, they, the problem with the Minnesota sports is they're actually like good, but they're never good enough to win. And they haven't had a title in whatever it's Yeah. 30 years and they have all four major teams. And the Vikings especially feel like that curse franchise where they have these seasons where they're phenomenal and then they fall flat and everything went wrong for them last night. Yeah. It's like if you built an entire city outta the Pittsburgh Steelers.


Yeah. That's what their sports teams have been like. I do feel bad for 'em. I do too. Is This is a good team. Yeah. And now they have to face some, A lot of it is not just Sam darn. They have a lot of free agents coming up this off season and you have to figure out what's going on with your coach. 'cause he doesn't have a contract. Yes. And he's probably gonna win Coach of the Year as he should. He had a great season, but he's not, he's not locked in for the long term yet. Yeah. He, it did feel like the last two games he got. I don't want to, I mean, it, it just didn't go well. I mean the, the Rams did a lot of what Aaron Glenn did in week 18 defensively. And yeah, they, they, I I think honestly for like a positive spin zone for Vikings fans, this is as much as it's frustrating 'cause you're a 14 win team and you lose like that in the first round.


This might be a long-term positive because you are not gonna give Sam darn the long-term contract. You might still franchise tag him just 'cause that gives you flexibility. If JJ McCarthy is not all the way ready and you could, you could potentially trade Sam Donald to a team that needs him for you get Two first rounders for him. Right. So like, I could still see that happening. But in a weird way, this is actually a positive where it's like you're not gonna give, you're not gonna commit to Sam Donald Long term after how this season ended. I also, I was talking to a friend of mine who's a Vikings fan last night, and it is crazy to look back. The Minnesota Vikings have a special skill where they make old quarterbacks or quarterbacks on like their fourth or fifth stop really fucking good for a year.


And then it just completely vanishes. So going back Randall Cunningham, when he was 39 years old, this was after he retired. He retired for a year. He had the second best QB rating of his career with the Minnesota Vikings. Jeff George, he was on his fourth team. He had his best career QB rating for the Minnesota Vikings. Brett fav his, he was 40 years old. And this is crazy. Brett Favre had his best career QB rating with the Minnesota Vikings when he was 40. Then turned back to dust, happened with Case Keenum, his fourth team, best season of his career, best QB rating turned to dust. And then Sam Darn again, best fourth team. Best season of his career.


Best QB rating. It's something about the vi and I think really what the answer is, the Vikings are elite at drafting wide receivers and running backs. So it's a really good place for a quarterback to go. But they've had this in the last 20 years where a quarterback comes in. Josh Dobbs. Josh Dobbs. Yeah. Like they, He did leave one out that, that goes against that narrative. What McNabb Yeah. McNabb was bad. Yeah. I remember going to to to watch Bears Vikings and maybe it was like 2012 and McNabb. It was a Monday night football game and he was just throwing the ball into the dirt. Yeah. That Was fat McNabb. Yeah. It was bad. But he, they do have this ability to, to make these quarterbacks on their fourth team or late in their career, have career years and then it's just, poof, they're back to nothing.


But now that happened again. But you have JJ McCarthy look at Their free agents coming up right now. Okay. Sam Darn. Yeah. Aaron Jones. Yeah. Cam Acres. Byron Murphy. Cam Robinson is a free agent. Good Draft for running backs though. Yep. Shaq Griffin and Stefan Gilmore. Okay. So they've got a lot of free agents. They still though. They're, they have, I think they have a lot of cap space. 73 million they Draft. Well, they have good coach and they have JJ McCarthy. So I, as much as that was a painful season And Daniel Jones in that room, and so it got so bad last night that I, I honestly wanted to see Daniel Jones. I, so I I thought it was maybe gonna happen. Yeah. The, the it, like, I saw some people being like, man, if the Vikings had just been bad this year, we would've had a great draft pick and then we would've been loaded with JJ McCarthy.


I I still think like, I mean the season had to have been fun. Yeah. Like, I know it ended poorly, but like there's no, you can't root for sport your a team and root for sports and just every year being like, oh, just get a good draft pick. That's not fun For next year. Yeah. We should be loaded for next year. Also, we don't know how JJ McCarthy's gonna play in December and January. He can't go outside and touch grass. That's true. Not in Minnesota. That's true. But he, so I I, I like, as weirdly as that game went for the Vikings, and you know, I, I don't wanna say they were frauds because they, they were, they do, they won 14 games. No, The, the Vikings were, this is not the same Vikings that we saw a couple years ago where they had a negative point differential and they lost in the playoffs of the Giants. I think it's a d it's a different field to the season.


They were a legitimately good team. Right. Maybe it's just they got, they got, they have two Kryptonites. They have the Rams and they have the Lions. The Lions. So if you can get a schedule next season where you don't play the Lions, somehow that would be optimal for the Vikings. The week 17 Viking celebration after Packers win looks a little bit not as fun. Well, it's, you know what, it's also the same thing. Like, we talked about this earlier in the season teams after they play the, the lions suck. Yeah. Yeah. So as long as you don't play the Rams after, right after you play The Lions. We did that twice. You Had to do it twice. Do you might be it twice better than the Rams. You just happened to have gotten your ass kicked by the lions. Yeah. And, and, and on the flip side, as for the Rams, I'm concerned about my pinky Max.


You should be concerned about this game on Sunday. They looked really fucking good in their defense. We're gonna talk about it with booger more, but their defense is very good. Their pass rush is awesome. What are you thinking? It's playoffs. Second round of the Playoffs you're gonna play good teams. Rams are a good team. Eagles are a better team. Oh, fuck Yeah. Gotta get, gotta get Jalen Hurtz outta concussion protocol. Jalen Hurts will be fine. Okay. What Do you think about Better game plan? Oh, better game plan. What do you think about the gameplay matchup of Nick Siri and Sean McVay? Who do you think has the edge? Nick Siri. Better winning percentage. Yeah, That's true. That's a good point. That's true. Sean McVeigh, he does, I I was about to say he doesn't get enough credit.


He does get a lot of credit. Oh Yeah. But I guess I'll just say it's all very well deserved. Yeah. Absolutely. Well deserved. He's A great, great coach. Yeah. And I, so I, I don't know. This is the, this is ties for the, the deepest the pinky team has gotten. I believe the Texans also got to the divisional round. Won in the stink. There's some people who are like expecting me to cut off my entire finger. I'm not gonna do that. I still don't know legally how we could do it. I would, I would cut it the whole thing off If the Rams win the Super Bowl. No, no. I'm just saying if it were me that had the pinky bet, I would be a man about it. I'm gonna do the, the tip. My pinky. I'm, I am officially nervous though. I don't know what else to say. Well, when you look at the Rams, they've got a great head coach.


They've got a quarterback who, if, if we get the Matt Stafford that we got a Monday night, he could win the Super Bowl. Yeah. Except for that pass that the Vikings got screwed on that. That wasn't a pass. Yeah. That was a, that was a fumble. That was a fumble. He just, it you have to, it's like a loophole. You can't just drop it. Yeah. Like that was a, that was as much of a fumble as a fumble gets you Dr He dropped the ball. You what? It's like the tuck rule. Like that, that was a, a loophole. Yeah. That's a, that's a savvy vet. That was a savvy vet. Best I said, I said it best throw he's ever made. It was a great throw. Yeah. I mean, he, he had a receiver that was technically in the area. Yep. I, we need to, we need to revamp intentional grounding because there's so many times when it's clearly, when you throw the ball directly at the feet of your receiver on a screen that you're trying to get rid of, you're not trying to complete the pass there.


Well, it's the only rule in football where they, the refs always have to like, huddle up and be like, all right, what'd you see? What'd you see? And then every other rule, you just throw a flag And then they, they do the sad little impotent flag. Yeah. After they have the conversation, they just take it outta the truck drop and just drop it and let gravity do the work. Yeah. At least throw the flag after it. But yeah, we need to think about intentional grounding because there's so many times where you'll see a quarterback just spike the ball on the ground. Yeah. And they're like, well, there was a receiver in the area. Yeah. So I, I'm, I'm worried about the ramps. I I do have someone who's actually worse off than me right now. I don't know if you guys saw this floating around. This is from someone, so I don't know his full username on Reddit, but he said, hello fellow degenerates, as many of you are aware, two months ago I made a bet that I would chop off my humongous ding Don if Notre Dame fighting Irish won the college football playoffs at the time, it seemed like a safe and comical bet as Notre Dame had only played against our nation's troops And we were looking like the next fraud alert.


However, due to flawed playoff seating in Carson, Beck's weak Cs, I found myself in a situation where Notre Dame would be playing for a national championship next week placing my dick right on the chopping block. I just wanna make it very clear that if Notre Dame wins the national championship, I will firmly stick to my word and receive a professional surgery that will safely remove my penis. The timeline for this though, will have to be flexible as I do have to consider my wife who would like to have at least two children in the event that I have to follow through with my bet, she has agreed to accelerate our family planning so I can get the surgery as soon as possible. I refuse to let my team be cursed and it, if it means that I will lose my cock in the process. And so be it. Also just FYI I'm banned from CFB memes, so I cannot respond to anything there that rocks.


I can't believe I'm saying this, but go Buckeyes. Is that Rocks? I love that he just threw in like, by the way, the, the mods over at r slash ccfb kicked me off. Yeah. Took away my freedom of speech. Fuck them. So I'll post it Here. Yeah. 'cause I keep, 'cause I keep talking about my penis getting cut off. I think Got your picky toe. Oh, well them fuck up my balance. Yeah. Do both. Listen, I have no, remember, remember when, I think it was the Texans year we were in Baton Rouge. That was never close though. No, I mean there were, yeah, but they, they, this feels, this feels, this feels very, this feels real. We're let's, let's win this game. Let's, Let's relax. Well, no, I was about to say that. We All have much, if you think about match on fucking Eagle, we're Fox with the Eagles and the Rams. The Rams have the better coach I think.


Yeah. The Rams have the better quarterback. I think the Rams strength on their defense is it's their front four. They were just getting in the backfield. I actually think that the Eagles will be able to neutralize that. Yeah. Because your offensive line is so good. I hope so. We Ran for 300 yards against this Dean. Okay. Do it again. Yeah. Also, if, if Saquon bar, if Saquon Barkley does what the rest of the NFL wants him to do, the Eagles win that game 29 to 10 on Sunday. Yeah, that's true. And, and, and it's different. And it's a, the of the nfl, the scoreboard. Well, I mean that was a huge Fumble Thing, thing yesterday that everyone was talking about was why Sequan went down. Oh Yeah. Team player. Yeah. Team player. He's team player. Maybe AJ gets his nose outta the quote book and into the playbook.


No. Did you see that? Yeah. Did you see that? They, they found another picture of him reading it in a game where he had a hundred yards and, and 15 targets. Actually 97 yards. Listen. Alright. Just semantic Police. I'm just, I'm just telling you it was 97 yards. The, the, do you remember when we were in the year that the Texans were like, I think they started oh and three and then won like 10 in a row or something. We were at a tailgate in Baton Rouge and now we were at a tailgate in Baton Rouge. So this all comes under the, the idea that we were all hammered. But I talked to a doctor and I asked him if he could surgically cut off my pinky A Louisiana Doctor. And he was like, legally no doctor will ever do that.


Because you can't just be like, I lost a bet, cut off my pinky. Maybe go to like Turkey or like Tijuana Or something. Yeah, the Turkey. I like that they do the hair surgeries and also have doctors that will remove fingers. Yeah. Just take off a digit. How about you just go over Saudi Arabia, get caught stealing something. Ah, gamble. Yeah. Yeah. Chop it right off. Also, I, I did see, I I, I forgot to mention this Phil f fan ACH on Twitter said Darnell got his screen shaken R route squiggly as fuck wide receiver icon showing up as question marks. All that shit. That's exactly what happened last night. He was playing with the stadium pulse at a million. Yeah. And he couldn't see anything. And It sucks that he has the scene ghost clip out there.


Yeah. Because ev I'm sure other quarterbacks have said stuff like that and they've been micd up when they said it, but he got fucked by ESPN. Yeah, he did. He got double fucked by ESPN because they also did the out indefinitely mononucleosis graph on him. Yep. And they did the scene. Yep. Somebody at ESPN hates Sam Darn. Yep. And now, every time he has these games, which most quarterbacks will have a game like that where they, they get nervous because they get hit a lot. Yep. The fight is coming from weird directions, but with him, he's seeing ghosts. What? He's Hailey Joel Osmond. What, what happens? Sam Donald, do you think another team signs him? I I, I go back to what I said on Sunday night, which is that they should franchise him. Yeah. And then the Steelers should go out there and trade two first round picks for Man, that would be bad for the Steelers.


I I also did a poll and, and a lot of Steelers fans were like, Tomlin's gotta go. Yeah. So that does feel like the vibe. Well, Tomlin might have to go, but if you're Mike Tomlin, I I almost feel like Tomlin should want to go. Yeah. Because But but then again, he has the, he's the king of the castle. True. You don't give up the king of the castle. But With, with Tomlin, he has gotten some like very mediocre teams and some below average teams to the playoffs. Yeah. Right. We can agree on that. That the personnel and the, the offensive scheme especially hasn't always been great in Pittsburgh. So he's like done more with less. If you're Mike Tomlin, aren't you, like, get me a quarterback general manager, get me another wide receiver general manager, get me some offensive line help that's on the gm, but he, that's not on Mike Tomlin, But he signs off on every single draft pick and every free agent signing, like literally everything he is, he touches everything in that entire organization.


That was because I made that point and people were like, dude, Tomlin, he has full control. No one gets drafted in Pittsburgh without Tomlin approval without Giving the thumbs up. Yeah. But yeah. But also he's like very much involved in the draft process too. So I I think both sides should want it's better if you go somewhere else. Yeah. I see it as an Andy Reed situation. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Like You ran him outta town. We did not run him outta town. And I don't think, I don't think Steelers fans necessarily would be running Mike Tomlin outta town, but I think sometimes it's good for both parties to, you know, start, start new. The difference is with Andy Reed, he had, he, they bottomed it out. They And true. So that Right. So like, that's the problem with Tomlin is he's not, he, he can't, he is too good of a coach to ever bottom him out.


Like, if the Steelers won three games this year, I think the the situation is a lot easier. Andy Reed also had the never, never can win the big one thing. That's true. He did. Yeah. And he had clock management issues. But that was big Nab. Yeah. It'll be interesting. I don't know. So we, so yeah. The, the Rams are a problem. I'm, I'm, I'm officially nervous. Max, we need to go to war. I'm going to war side by side with you again. This just might be the situation. All, all playoffs. I'm nervous. Yeah. I, I think next week I, I think there's still 22 to one to win the, to win the Super Bowl. Yeah. I was thinking about betting him and I was like, wait, what am I doing? Why would I want to do that? Yeah. You don't wanna do that. Yeah. You can. Like a hundred thousand dollars doesn't make me happy that I am in this.


Also, if people wanted, I did have a bunch of people being like, dude, we don't actually wanna see your pinky get chopped off. If anyone had any other ideas, I'm, I'm committed to much like the Dick Chop off guy. You're, You're too early on this. Yeah. But I'm committed to it. I'm committed to it. I know, but let's, Let's Win. Let's see what happens this weekend. Let's win. Yeah. You, let's win. Don't get nervous until the NFC championship game. There's a lot of football out there, But Jalen Hertz's con concuss. It's true. Do you think that when, when Dan Campbell shook hands with Kevin O'Connell at, at midfield and said, we'll see you in a couple weeks. Do you think he met Cancun? Oh, Nice. PF Imagine Was that, was that the lines? Imagine if your Pinky was riding on Jim Daniels.


Yeah, I, listen, there's, that wouldn't, he's done crazy things like, just get it, get me, get me late in the game with a, with with a one score game and I'd be like, yeah, this will work. Yep. Don't give away too much this Yeah. Part of my keys to the game. Alright, so the other big news we had was the Cowboys are officially moving on from Mike McCarthy. Really kind of fucked him. Jerry Jones Is a Dick. He's an asshole. He, he, he blocked him from doing interviews. He's Also a pussy. He's a dick, an asshole, and a pussy. Yeah. It's crazy. So I, I thought he was gonna stay because they were blocking him, but clearly that's not the case. There was also, did you see the reports that Belichick, like that was a place Belichick would've been interested in, but he had done some like back channeling and they said like the job wasn't opening up like when he was, you know, considering UNC.


So Jerry Jones is just going off like day-to-day vibes. Yeah. Or he was waiting until Monday night Football of Wild Card weekend. As Mike Florio told us, he likes to drop this type of news. That's a fact. During a time when the spotlight's on the NFL. Yeah. And so he might've just waited to do the news dump on the Monday night the opposite of a news dump. Yeah. And we could get the most attention. In which case it's a, a world class asshole move. And now Mike McCarthy, I I'm assuming that he's gonna get an interview like tomorrow with three, I Think he already is With like three teams. Yeah. So I've, I've thought long and hard about it. I've made a list of spin zones, reasons why Mike McCarthy will be fine if he ends up being the bear's head coach. Walls are talking, The walls are talking.


What are the walls saying? Walls Are, he's gonna be the bears head coach. The done deal in this. Which wall? This, the walls, this office. The same walls that said Christian McCaffrey will never take another snap again. Different Wall though, But, But same walls. Same walls. Yeah. Alright, so here's my, not me, here's my list. You guys can, you guys can tell me. I just wanna say, first of all, I, I don't even remember ever saying anything bad about Mike McCarthy. So like, I was thinking about it like the interview, if he becomes a Bears head coach that we do with him won't even be that funny. Like, I can't remember saying anything bad about Mike McCarthy. So here's my, here's my List. You've always said he looks intelligent. Yeah. You've always said that he looks Spelt Yeah. And I and you've always said that he looks skinny and smart To My knowledge.


Observational tactics. I've never said it. Alright, so here's my spin zones. When we do the eventual interview with Mike McCarthy, bear's head coach Mike McCarthy is so grotesquely fat that I'll actually look skinny next to him. Okay. That's true. Does That feel right? That feels mean. I've never said anything mean about Mike McCarthy. Well, you Just said he is grotesquely fat. Oh Shit. Yeah. His clock management can't get worse than iber flues. That is probably true. But we don't know because we haven't seen, we never saw Iber flues play in very important games. Yeah. True analytics. He's got the, the pro football.


What are you looking up? You're looking up all the Mike McCarthy tweets. He's Just, Every time, again, I've never said anything bad about him. He's got all the computer guys, He's got all the computer guys. He's got a PFF subscription. It, it, listen. How about, how about this Mike McCarthy, when he does that really dumb fat look to the jumbotron one. There's no jumbotron in Soldier Field two. I feel like that's kind of, kind of relatable. Like, I look stupid when I'm confused and have that like, oh God, I wish I could change this. So Mike McCarthy, he's a relatable head coach. Yeah. Not many out there. Yeah. He he hates fruit so much that he smashes It.


Yeah, right. Exactly. I have that on there. I have, he's not from Chicago, but that doesn't mean you can't love the Bears. Right? Right. Yep. That's a good point. He will maybe smash a watermelon. I would love to smash a watermelon with Mike McCarthy. I think that's gotta be your like when signs video smashing the watermelon. Yeah. Yeah. Like you should get that on deck. Yeah. He knows how to beat the Packers. Yep. Sometimes that was his own team that he was beating. Yep. But he does know how to beat the Packers. He's 174 and 112 all time as a coach. That's what I'm saying. He's a good coach and he has Super Bowl. I'm talking myself. I I'm just trying to get ahead of it because I feel like this gonna Happen. Can you say that he knows how to beat the Packers? Would you also say that he knows how to beat the Bears? He does know how to beat the Bears, but that was he Aaron Rogers merchant.


That hurts me actually. Nevermind memes. You want Mike McCarthy? Oh yeah, I would, I would take him in a, in a second. Really? Yeah. He, he three straight seasons of 12 and five. The Jets haven't had a winning record in 10 years. Yeah. You reunite him with Aaron Rods. 10 10 2015 was the last winning season And we didn't make the Playoffs. Oh. I said I don't think Mike McCarthy is is capable of a non embarrassing loss. It's either win the Super Bowl or something. Hilariously dumb will happen. No in between. That's not that bad. That's good for us. That's good for the show. Yeah. Good for the show. Yeah. We're going spin zones here. These are all spin zones. He Just, he looks like a Chicago guy. Yeah, he's a Pittsburgh. It's the Pittsburgh, it's the Dicka Yeah.


Pittsburgh connection. Yeah. The, i i, I don't know. Oh yeah. You remember when they had him on Nickelodeon? Yeah. They painted his face and made him look all, all angry. I told you big fat dumb Mike McCarthy season has arrived. See? Alright. So maybe I've said some things about Mike McCarthy. This would be a very funny interview. It Seems like this might be some self-loathing too, because a lot of the criticisms you have about Mike McCarthy applied directly to Coach Doug's. Yeah. Yeah. Bad clock management. Yeah. Grotesquely Fat. I think it's gonna happen though. I think he the Saints though. He was a assistant on the Saints. I would personally rather live in New Orleans. Yeah. Not that I hate Chicago. It's just New Orleans is the best city on planet Earth.


I don't know if I'd wanna live in New Orleans. Oh, I would, I'd like to visit New Orleans. I would love to live there. Visiting New Orleans is great. What? Just, there's, there's a good one in 2020. Just finished taping PMT. Great show coming. And we've done the impossible. We've talked ourselves into liking Mike McCarthy. What was that context? After what? After what game? Who knows? Memes Is memes is Looking. Yeah, this one, this one wasn't as good. They could definitely win the Super Bowl. I'm talking about the Cowboys, but just remember that big Oh no, this is about the packer. Oh no, this is Cowboys. But just remember that big fat face of Mike McCarthy during crunch time that will keep you grounded. They beat the Texans 35 20 on October 25th, 2020.


Who could forget? Yeah. That instant rival story rivalry. Okay. So memes you take him. Sure. Okay. Because right Now, I, I I Think who, who is in the lead right now for the Jets head coach? Rex Ryan? No, Rex Ryan was ruled out. Oh, he was out officially. Yeah. Oh, you should have let him, you should have strung him along so he could have done more countdown, you know, stuff. Oh, it was the Mike McCarthy maybe when he did the swag dance. That was pretty cool. They should just not tell Rex Ryan. And so then as the season progresses, Rex is always like, well maybe they'll fire him this week. Yeah. And they they might come to me. Yeah. It could still be mine. So if Mike McCarthy goes to the Bears, a lot of people are thinking Aaron Glenn might go to the Saints, which might leave the Jets with Matt Nay or Arthur Smith.


Two friends of the show. Yeah. That's great. And this is Ben Johnson gonna the Raiders under this assumption. Yep. I actually think that Mike McCarthy would be a good coach for the Bears. I think it could be way, way worse. I've Talked, I've talked to myself. You, You do not want Ron Rivera. Yeah. Like if you No, I, I understand why the McCaskey family is attracted to the idea of Ron Rivera for history in terms of a football coach. I don't think he's a serious candidate. You could not make a worse decision. I I want Ben Johnson or Todd Monken Nice guy. Those are the two. But I, yeah, it, it, the, the walls have have made me very nervous with how this is s seems to be going forward. Alright, anything else for, oh, Dion Sanders talked to Jerry Jones, which would be very funny.


That's what I want. Yeah. I mean, if you're a fan of the NFL and just following the Cowboys being just insane. You want Dion Sanders. I Also want it because it would be very funny if it was the Cowboys trade Dak to Cleveland. Cleveland has Dak and Deshaun and then they trade their first pick and then Dionne takes Shado or Travis Hunter and then coaches the Cowboys. So if, if you're Dionne, you would want to coach your son. You don't want to like go to the NFL for the first time as a head coach and then immediately have another team draft your son. Yeah. I imagine that there's He's gonna want chador. Yeah. I would imagine And want Travis Hunter more Also with Dak.


He does have a no trade clause. Ah, so that would Probably, you don't think he'd do, he'd wave it for Cleveland. Cleveland? I mean, they got everything else. Listen, Deshaun Watson having another Achilles injury is a great thing for the Browns. I was talking to Zui about it at one of our coworkers. He's a Browns fan. Like you don't want him playing anymore. Just, just be done. Like if Russell Wilson taught us us anything, just like get off, get on with your mistake. You also don't want him using your team issued rehab staff. Correct. And that's another year of that. Just stay away. Like start moving on. There's no, there's no reason to pretend there's gonna be anything different. Like Deshaun Watson's not gonna come back from double Achilles surgery. Yeah. And horrendous last four years and all of a sudden be Deshaun Watson from the Texans.


Yeah. He's just not So it's actually almost be like, it's taken the choice out where it's like, we're just going to move On from this. He wasn't even Deshaun Watson from the Texans right after he was off the Texans. Right. He was, he's been bad from the get go. Yeah. Alright. So a yeah. Any other cleanup from this week? Oh, max, would you like to disavow the Philly fan? Complete disavow? That guy was a huge asshole, but Big Dom was already taking care of it. So we're good. Yeah. So for people who missed it, there was a viral video of a Packers fan basically getting verbally harassed by a Eagles fan. It was a woman but Bad verbally Harassed, bad verbally harassed, like shitty, shitty stuff.


And then that guy has been doxed, I believe, and he's been banned from the Eagle. And Big Dom has contacted the woman, the Packers fan, and hooked him up with the care package. Big dom saved the day. Yeah. Big Dom save the day. Classic. 'cause there was worries that that guy was gonna be karma for all of Philadelphia. But now we, Philadelphia has removed themselves and that guy from, from the situation that's a bad guy, doesn't, is not affiliated with anything. Philadelphia Eagles Love that. I like that. Take a, take a strong stand against it. And then after they doxed him, some of the reports were like, this guy had a daughter and he was married to a woman. How could he say these things? Oh my God. Like, Like you have to have a daughter to know to not call woman a cunt.


Yeah. But he clearly Didn't Max, I'm not so sure that this completely removes the stink in the curse. Like this is, it is a bad look for Philadelphia. I understand. He does not represent Philadelphia. And you guys have taken all necessary steps up to this point to get, get this guy outta the picture, which I appreciate. I an idea that it's big Dom. Yeah, I have an idea too. Yeah. Okay, you go. Okay, so my good friend, the be from hard factor, he sent me the official NFL fan rehabilitation quiz. Oh. This is what fans have to do to get invited back to the stadium. I love this. If they get kicked out for fighting for puking, if there's like a kid behind them, hypothetically that they turn around and they put their hand down their throat and they make themselves throw up on that kid.


You're Just talking all Philly stories. Yeah. In Some city, in order to get back into the stadium, they have to do an official fan rehabilitation quiz to make sure that they're ready. I think you should take this quiz. I'll take the quiz all I can Take that quiz. Do we have it right now? I I have it. I think it's probably too long to do on the show. Can we find One or two questions? I was thinking for, for We do, We'll do We're do pmt. Oh, that's perfect. We're gonna do for pmm. TV. Right. So tune into pmm. TV Max, take the quiz. I had another one. I was just gonna say, you know, we have AWS who listen who are fans of all teams. Maybe you should just take a Packer fan out to dinner. We, we gave the Packer fan a care package.


Okay. Maybe give I'll I you know what? Follow actually fine one. Follow one. No, you fine. I'll Take scumbag. Jack McCarthy out to dinner. No, no, no, no. Not Jack McCarthy. Buy buy one random a WO Packer fan lunch deal. You don't have to deal, deal Do don't to take them out deal. You just have to tell, like they'll tweet at you. You, you just say, Hey, you know, tell me where, tell me where the food's going. Boom. Done Deal. Or if you just wanna like, send me a receipt. I'll, I'll ven you for, for what's going on. Oh no, You said you do the class. Yeah. I said I, I said I thought it was a test. Yeah, It's a, yeah, it's a test. It's a, it's a class and test. You said test is different than a class. Well, I You need A class.


It's a four. I'm not taking A Class. It's a four hour online test class. Four Hours. Yeah, that's what he just showed me. And it's, and It specifies the NFL stadium. Like there's a Philadelphia class. I'll do that. Okay, here's, I'll do it. Four hour. Here's what it includes. What Is that's gonna, that's, that's my whole, that's my whole day Tomorrow. What is disruptive fan behavior review of the stadium Alcohol policy. Mm. Education on stadium safety skills and game day empathy skills in improving game day communication skills in game day stress management. Actually, you could use all these things. Game day drinking can be dangerous. That's one of the modules. The class. Yes.


I think you should take this, this class. I'll do, I'll take the class. I'll take the class and, and that removes all stink from from this guy in. Yeah. And the lunch. And the Lunch and Yes. Lunch. And someone send me their receipt for lunch. I'll Venmo you. I'll Venmo. You love that receipt for lunch. Love That. Max. I, I need you to, I need you to be curse free through these playoffs. I need you to be curse free. Especially this weekend. Yeah, Yeah. No, I'm gonna, I'll take the class and I'll, I'll Venmo a Packer fan for lunch. Fuck yes. Okay. This is good. We need to get all the stink off. Four hours is crazy. All the stink off. You better pass it. You also should, you know what? He also, I'm not, you're not gonna pass it the pass the passing, but I feel like I gotta study.


I I don't, I'm passing, I'm not promising. We'll Get you a certificate and everything. Like a Diploma. I think also on the pm TV you should go, you should go around the office and compliment all the women in the office in a, in a natural like way. That is nice. That's not uncomfortable. Just give 'em a compliment. Let's deal. We gotta, we gotta just get the karma going in the right direction Here. I can't wait to hear Max's non-sexual co compliments that he gives. Yeah. You no one said sexual except for you. That's true. You you said Like, put it on the Bon list. Yeah. Like Inappropriate Bon list. Good. Good. You're gonna go outta your way to be like you're, I like, I like your shoes. Yeah. Hey, how is the bunk list going?


That would be The first mission for 25. Okay. Okay. Nice. What's saying non-sexual? It's a B now. Hey, did that wo That was, that was like you assuming that talking to a woman is gonna be sexual. No. Yeah. I could compliment them on their work. Yeah, I Was saying that's Mike. You're Mike Pence. Yeah, I was saying that, that Max was going to go out of his way to make sure it wasn't creepy or weird. His compliment. Yeah. But you, which then make it creepy weird. But by you assuming that made it creepy Or weird. Okay. Because, but but fact or fiction, you would be going outta your way to be like, what's the least weird thing I can compliment you on? I, I mean we were, this is an office. I can compliment them on their work. Can you? We haven't seen it. Yeah. Alright. Get this going in the right direction.


Good job. Alright. Should we do Hot Seat, cool drone and then get to our interviews. Okay, let's get to Hot Seat, cool Drone.


I mentioned on Monday's show we have a new sponsor. Doritos our favorite chips ever. Awesome. The Doritos is on board with PMT. We got something special. They're running a contest for the Super Bowl And we're gonna watch a Doritos commercial commercial and react to it. And the first one up is called Abduction. So hit it. Max Aliens. Come on man. Yeah, I like that. You like It. Haven't had a good alien movie in a while. Yeah. So that was a very cool ad because aliens, I think if aliens came down to earth right now, the first thing they'd want is Doritos. Oh. If they saw that Doritos chip that we have in our trophy case, the perfectly seasoned cool ranch Dorito. Ooh, you would, you would travel across the galaxy for That. So with Patrick Holmes helped Doritos just reveal the top three ads that are still in the running to win the Doritos crash. The Super Bowl. We're gonna watch all three during this show. Now it's up to the people to choose which creator will win $1 million and have their submission run as Doritos 25th Super Bowl ad by voting for their favorite fan made ad@doritoscrash.com. Now until January 28th, fans can visit doritos crash.com and cast their vote for who they think is the winning ad. Will it be abduction? We're gonna watch barbershop and charades after this. So vote for the next Super Bowl ad@doritoscrash.com. Doritos crash.com. Thank you Doritos. I'll meet some Doritos after the show.


Hank Hot Seat. Cool Throne. My Hot Seat is Elaine Kiffin. Yeah. Okay. Sidney Thomas. The viral ring girl from the Jake Paul fight. I don't know who that is. She was a, she was the ring Girl in the Jake Paul fight Boss. She was a lady that was, I obviously know, did I obviously know Did the Jake? Yeah. I fucking know who it is guys. I follow her on all our socials. Oh Means your mic is on. Damn, that was way too much of a laugh. She seems like a very nice young woman. And she was doing an interview and she said that an SEC coach actually slid in her dms and then I think one of her, you know, everyone kind of assumed it was Lane Kiffin.


And then one of her friends just like straight up posted the Snapchat showing the dm. Oh yeah. He just dmd her RTR. Oh. Because, no, but was that after? Because then she golfed with, she golfed with Nick Saban. Yeah. So I think he dmd her roll Tide role after she golfed with Nick Saban. I do not believe that's a timeline. You could be correct, but I think she golfed a Saban on Monday. Right. And that's when Lane quote tweeted the picture and said, lane quote tweeted the picture of her golfing with Saban being like, looks like mystery solved. Yeah, he was trying to, he was making a joke like it was the Snapchat. But why would he, why would he Snapchat her RRTR?


No, No, no, because she went to Alabama. Oh, she DM her RTR. Ah, one Of her, she went to Alabama. Yeah. One of her friends took a screen, like a picture of her, of the DM message. Got it. So like the DM got leaked via her friend's Snapchat. I was con's how I interpreted it, But I was confused why he would DM R Rt R But she went to Alabama. I forgot that part. Right. Yeah. Got it. Alabama. I mean, why did everybody think it was Lane Kiffin? I don't understand. I was thinking maybe Mark Stoops, Sam Pittman was my first thought. Sam Pittman A lot of disrespect to Shane Beamer. Compare cha size Shane Beamer not being tossed in the equation. Shane Beamer. Yeah. Yeah. Billy Naper could Have been Billy. Yeah. There's A lot of Brian Kelly. Brian Kelly that would, ugh.


Ugh. Brian, we, we haven't talked enough about how bad of a time Brian Kelly's having not only did LSU not make a 12 team playoff and last year was not great, but he now has Notre Dame, the team he left where he said, you can't win a national title here playing for the national title in the first 12 Team playoff. Right, right. This is, this is a tough time of year for him. Alright, so Lane Kiff is on the Hot Seat. Are we, are we not thinking Hugh Freeze? Hugh Freeze is a sneaky dark horse. Oh yeah. But he shouldn't be. Yeah. That would've been from a burner though, so you probably couldn't track it. Yeah, he's, I think Hugh Freeze might be the Horniest coach in football. Yeah. Yeah, I would. Yeah. Or Lincoln if he dm I mean, if you're an old Miss fan, you want, you know, you want your head coach being like, roll tide roll.


No. You want more interest in Ole Miss than, than Young Misses. Yeah. I mean, it is off season. I'm putting him on the hot season. Okay. All right. I Think it might be a a a He Also has a girlfriend, doesn't he? I got something. I don't know. I don't think, I don't think, I Have no idea. He's a friendly jab. Yeah. Yeah. I think he was trying to move in silence and he got his spot blown up. Should we, Should we next person to get the lottery ball has to DM C Thomas. Just say a WL question mark. Sure. Oh, Hank. Oh, Hank. You just sign up. You just do It. I'll win Lau ball. Okay. I mean, it won't be memes. My cool throne is Angelo Ball. Mm. Talked about it last week, I think he was my cool throne.


And then yesterday he signed a $13 million contract with Def Jam and Universal Music. Good For him. Wow. I Love that. $8 million guaranteed. Retains full ownership of his music and record label. No one has been more right than LaVar Ball. No, his sons became stars. Like they made millions and millions of dollars. Two of 'em play in the idea Zo Made is on a hundred million dollar deal. Yeah. Lame iss on a $200 million deal. And Lean Angelo just signed a 13 million rapper deal. And It's a good song. Yeah. Yeah. And he's got more, there was another, there was like, there was a, what's his name? Mattias. Yeah. He put out like a, a, a Instagram story after a win last week where they were playing a new song.


Oh, A new snip snippet. Yeah, because the Bulls get the, they get all the leaks. Yeah. Yeah. The Bulls in the Hornets probably have the, the Swaggiest locker rooms because they get all the direct, direct to The locker room. But it's like, that is like the number one, like our team just won. Like we're putting on that, that Jello first. Good for him. Yeah. I'm happy. Yeah. Okay. Good job Hank. Thanks. My Hot Seat is China. China. China's on the Hot Seat. Oh. Because they're gonna try to be on TikTok again. They're having that conversation right now. But good news, at least I guess if you're a fan of China, there's a new app that people are signing up for in the theory that TikTok is about to get banned in the United States.


And it's called Red Note. And Red Note is like more Chinese than TikTok. Okay. You're getting even more of your information than TikTok is. Okay. But it's not banned yet. Okay. So China just has an endless stream of spy apps that they're gonna be releasing every time one gets shut down, there's another one to replace it. So I don't actually know what Red Note does, but I've heard that it's like all the bad stuff about TikTok, but way worse. So TikTok is getting, I've obviously seen that this has been floating around, but why? Just because China owns it. China kind of owns the com. If you're a company in China that's that big, the government got it. Communist party owns and they don't Want That makes sense.


They don't want us using that app, stealing all, all of our Information. It's in everybody's phone. Yeah. Then So then American's reaction to this was just to download a more Chinese owned App. Yeah. We're not the smartest. No. So Who's part of, I think part of it was like, oh, if, if TikTok ISS great and it's a little bit Chinese, why don't I just get like a super Chinese app? Who's gonna buy TikTok? I saw Elon was maybe rumored. So The, the thing is it's like 50 billion. They want, oh shit. They want to sell it the gov. The US government wants them to sell it to a company that has like controlling interest in the United States. Right. Or at least, at the very least, not in China. But the Chinese government does not want to sell that app. Makes sense to the United States because then we get the algorithm that they had.


Right. So it's like China would rather hang onto it and lose all the business in the US than sell it to the us. Got it. So E Elon can offer a bunch of money for it, but I don't think China's gonna sell it. Also, Elon probably it would be stupid to offer money for it because if people are not on TikTok, they have to go back to Instagram and Twitter. Also, Elon doesn't need to buy TikTok. He's already got X. Yeah. The everything app. Yes. It Could be like a Facebook Instagram situation. Like Dr. Berg had Facebook and then bought It, bought Instagram. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I don't like Zuckerberg's new look. Bothers me. Yeah. Go back to the hoodie and the bad Haircut. Are you intimidated because he's a man, an active man who participates in Marshall Koba? Yeah.


Instead of watching it, I Am, it's, it's lame to to to be a guy watching sports, To watch sports. I, I was shocked that a billionaire is gonna change his political leanings depending on who's in office. Yeah, That's wild. As the wind blows, that's wild to me. Yeah. Never saw that one coming. My cool throne is Russell Wilson. Oh. Because Russell Wilson says that he is open to returning, he hopes to return to the Pittsburgh Steelers next year. Wow. She maybe run it back. Wow. Her good friend Jersey Jerry was, he was sad last night online because it hit him for the first time. That might be the last time he gets to say, you just got Rusty. You Just got Rusty, You got rusted. But I don't think it is, I think that he, he wants to come back and Pittsburgh. I don't know what their plan is gonna be for quarterback.


I don't know that they have a plan right now, but we might get to see Russell Wilson again. I would like to say that I'm open to winning the lottery. Yeah. Same Hank's open to going on a date with Sidney Thomas. That's, these are all things that we're open to. So Russ, good job. Do you Think he dmd the Steelers? He's up. You up. What's up? Hey. Yeah. I mean, is he going to remember when was ends up sch was like, yeah, Russell Wilson takes a team friendly deal. It's like, no, no, no. Yeah. It's not team friendly when that's the only deal you could get. Yeah. He's the quarterback of the future. I, I don't think the Steelers should, they gotta find something else. Yeah. They gotta do something else. Just anything in a Weird way that sucked for them to, Sam darn sucked. Because I think the, if you're a Steelers fan, you were hoping that Sam Donald was awesome and then you could trade for JJ McCarthy.


Well Then Kevin O'Connell was saying like, if you look at the body of work with Sam Donald, he's been a great quarterback. It depends on how big of a scope you're using. Correct. On the body of work. Correct. Like what was the blip? Yeah. Were these four games against those two teams? Was that the blip or were the other, what, 14 games per season? Yeah. Was that the blip in Sam Donald's career? It's The Daniel Jones. Yeah. Daniel Jones had that one year where everything worked out and they went to the playoffs and then they paid him for that year. Not realizing that that was the anomaly year. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. My Hot Seat is anyone who doesn't understand this whole 4K thing on Twitter or X Sorry.


The everything app. I muted the word 4K. Could you imagine if you didn't understand what that is? Yeah, I, I understand exactly what it's, but I was talking to Max beforehand and Max didn't know what it was. Yeah. So, Hank, do you wanna tell Max what it is That's tough for Max? Is Max. Max has a, a video editing and production background. So he, if anyone's gonna understand it, Yeah. Know it should be him. It should be Max. So Max, you probably understand it better than anyone. It's, it's essentially it's, this is how I would describe it. 'cause you guys are old. No, you remember? No, no. You remember when games were in SD and then you had the, the SD option and you could switch to hd. Yeah. And it was a little crispier. Yes. So that's what they're saying. They're basically saying, hold and look at this image and it's gonna be clear in 4K.


Is it work Kind? It's, I kind of, I think, but I also think there's a lot of accounts that are just hopping on the bandwagon. 'cause there's some I've seen that may have no difference. I saw one that was like, you can see every pebble on this road in 4K, But there's some images that just aren't, like, they don't have the 4K potential is 4K like magic eye if you stare at 4K for long enough like a giraffe pops out. No, it's just, it's just better resolution. But like if I have a, a shitty picture of you Doesn't exist And I choose, you know, look at this in 4K, it's still gonna be whatever resolution that I shot it in. Okay. So you can just lie and say this Is in 4K.


Yeah, that's what, that's what a lot of people are doing. Okay. Got it. Huh. Okay. So it sounds like I gotta to get in on something. Yeah. It sounds like, I gotta say like the picture of the NFL football that I like to post. Just if you zoom in on this picture of the NFL football, What do you actually say when you tweet it up from Other Footballs? You say hold for four KI Think it's like memes, select select view in 4K Memes. What do you say? What do you say when you do it? Memes. You've done it. Tap comma, Hold and load in 4K Hold and load in 4K. Yes, I'm gonna do that. Okay. I'm doing one live right now that people can look back at. Okay. So that was my Hot Seat. That again, I knew, but it sounds like a lot of people didn't know.


So happy that we cleared it up for all the people didn't know my cool throne is GTE Porter because he actually wasn't just telling his friends to bet his props and betting his own props, but he was texting them during the game with updates of how the game was going. And I don't know, I know this would probably be opposite. It would probably be more Hot Seat. 'cause it's like the most open and shut case of all time. But I just think it's funny because they have the text messages and here's one from a game in January, 2024. He said, I went back to locker room to get eye checked on. I don't know if I'm gonna play much more. I'm not starting second half, but if it's garbage time, I'll shoot a million shots.


I love that one. If I, if it's garbage time, I'll shoot a million shots. GTE Porter and like everyone who plays pick up hoops and their team goes down and they're just like, fuck it, let's just start chucking. Wait, I'm confused. Was he telling his friends to bet the under? He is like, I'm not going back in, but if I do get back in, I'm gonna shoot a lot. Yeah. It's kind of confusing because yeah, that's, That's actually a point in his favor. Yeah, true. Be like I gave him, I gave him both sides of the information There. Maybe it was just his like psychologist and he was texting him like, Hey, here's where my mind's at right now. If it's garbage time I'll shoot a million shots. Yeah. Love that. Okay, let's get to our interviews. We got Booger McFarland, we've got Dana White


And we also have another commercial from Doritos. So we said it a few minutes ago, but Doritos is revealing the top three ads that are still in the running to win the Doritos crash, the Super Bowl contest. Now it's up to the people to choose which creator will win 1 million and have their submission run as Doritos 25th Super Bowl ad by voting for their favorite fan made ad@doritoscrash.com. Now until January 28th, fans can visit doritos crash.com and cast their vote for who they think is the winning ad. Will it be abduction, barbershop or charades? We're gonna watch barbershop right now. So let's see it Max. I mean, what could I say? I'm gonna build a ca nova myself. Nothing stranger. I still got it. And you won't believe I had the hair and boy did I have hair. I was like the black barber Man. What? That was awesome. I thought we was gonna bite it off. Yeah, that was a great ad. So you could vote Abduction barbers, shopper charades, which we'll watch in a minute. Vote now for the next Super Bowl ad@doritoscrash.com.


Here is Booger McFarland. Okay, we now welcome on our very, very, very good friend. It is Booger McFarland. We're gonna talk some football, we're gonna talk some NFL. We're gonna talk College football National Championship. Boo, thank you for joining us. I wanna start with the best game out there left and, and maybe we'll talk a little recap of the weekend, but Bill's Ravens. This is why we watch Sports Boo. We had a whole rant about it on Monday. This is why we lift them weights. This is why we eat the donuts. This is why we do everything. Bill's Ravens. What do you see in this game?


And I, I mean like, you take it where, whichever direction you want, because I'm so excited to watch this game. Well, a couple things. I, I highly doubt anyone playing in this game is gonna eat donuts. That's number one. But I, I like how you try to get people on your side though. Yeah. Second. Yeah, man. Like the first thing I go back to is when they met in week four and first play of the game, Derrick Henry goes 87 yards. So this game, my initial thought comes down to whether or not Buffalo can stop the Baltimore running game. I mean, they rushed over 200 yards that game. And if you, not to get in the weeds too much, but Buffalo's defense likes to play Nickel Defense. That means two linebackers and a Nickelback and Johnson.


Number seven is that Nickelback. Well, what does that mean? That means that Nickelback who's 190 pounds has gotta be the one to fill in those run gaps and tackle Derrick Henry. How many times would PFT be willing to tackle me? Like ultimately that's what it comes down to because Johnson has gotta tackle Derrick Henry probably six or seven times during the game. And I just don't know if he can do that. So I wanna see what is Buffalo's adjustment gonna be because they can't allow Johnson to tackle Derrick Henry over and over. On the flip side, Josh Allen is playing at an all time high level. If you're Baltimore, how do you affect Josh Allen? We saw Denver try to get after him in rushing a little bit. They couldn't do it. So how do you affect Josh Allen that way?


He can't get everyone, he can't get Shaki involved. He can't get Kincaid involved. He can't get Amari Cooper involved. So those are the first initial two thoughts I have on the game. Yeah, Yeah. I could tackle you. I I would simply want it more. That's the key is you just have to want it more than the other guy. You can want it as much as you want to buddy. Yeah. At 2 85. And if I'm running at you, you can want it all. You want. You ain't stopping me, buddy. Yeah, I would backpack you. I would just, here's my strategy with Derrick Henry. I would kind of do the Olay and let him get right by me and then jump on his shoulders and then he'd have to carry me like a backpack and then hopefully slow him down for somebody else. Somebody bigger to come in and just take care of business. I don't, I still don't know if that's gonna work, buddy. 'cause I will carry you.


How much do you weigh, by the way? Like, 'cause you look like, you're like really skinny fat. So, so I mean, what are you like 1 95, 200? That's a, that's a little personal booger. No, I'm, I I'm clocking in about 1 75. I've been swimming a lot recently. Oh, 1 75. 1 75. That's a bad looking 75, man. Oh, I was gonna go the other way. I was gonna say, you know what they call a man under 200 pounds. What's that? A Woman. Listen, I've been, I've been in better shape in my life. That's, that's a fair thing to say, but I I'm confident that I could tackle you if you gave me enough time. Okay. All right. Yeah. I mean, a hundred yards got hopefully a hundred yards is enough time. Yeah. Also, they took away the, the best strategy that the bills had, which was you could always just grab Derrick Henry by his hair Yeah.


And pull him down. Ah, Yeah. That's, and you Can't do it anymore. That's a good point. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I'm excited about this game too. We were saying on, on Monday that ironically the weakness in in the Ravens might be their kicking game based on how Justin Tucker's been recently. He seems to have straightened it out a little bit and he's, he's better than he was. But yeah, to me this Ravens team seems like they're as good of a team as they've had in this entire rung with Lamar. Yeah, I think I would agree to that. And, and how about that? A Hall of Fame kicker. And Justin Tucker, to your point, could be a weak link. And we know he's got the leg, like he's done it for years. We know it's in there. Do you think it's just mental, like how can a guy who's a Hall of Fame player who's done something at the highest level, like get a mental block where he can't do it in front of people all of a sudden have, have you ever thought about that?


That's, that's the kicker thing. Man, kickers are weird. Yeah. They usually, you know, they usually have like the physical ability to do their job well into their forties, but at some point you get, you know, you're, you lose just a tiny bit of strength and then that affects your mind and in your mind then you try to overcompensate for anything weak that you're doing. I think John Harbaugh's gotta trust him though. So if this game comes down to a money kick, it's, you know, end of half, end of game 57 yarder where you knew Justin Tucker was money, you know, the announcement's gonna bring it up. You know, Jim Nance and Tony Romo, you know, Tony's gonna bring it up and, and, and we're gonna have a conversation. There may even be a timeout call to build attention.


I would just love to know what would be going through the mind of Tucker at that point if it happens. And also what would go through the mind of his teammates, because you can't just erase history of this past season where he struggled. I mean, he struggled a lot throughout this season, man. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It has it and, and that, it always feels like if you have that kicker situation going into the playoffs, like we're just waiting for the other shoe to drop. We're waiting for that moment to happen. I wanna give you some credit book. 'cause you, we watched the Rams versus Vikings on Monday night. The Rams were incredible sack Sam Donald, nine times Sam Donald did hold onto the ball a little too much. But you pulled up your own receipt, which I love this move. People should do this more often when they're right.


You said in November you said, if I could have any defense in the NFL for the next three years, not sure I wouldn't take the Rams. That front. Front seven is young and nasty. Imagine going from ad to what they have now. Great job, less need. They are young and nasty. They are incredibly showed it on Monday night. Now we have that off defensive line going against the best offensive line that maybe the, you know, them or the lions with the Eagles. How's that gonna play out? And again, credit to you for a great take. Well, I appreciate it. It it is gonna be a heavyweight fight, man. And if you think about this, you, you, we often, you know, everybody loves to use these cliches. The Green Bay Packers are the youngest team in the league. Okay, I get it. They've been the youngest team the last two years.


How about this one? The Rams defense, and I think Troy used this last night. It's the cheapest defense in football. Mm. Because they got all those, all those first and second year players. It's the cheapest defense in football. One of the most talented defenses in football. And if they have any shot of upsetting Philadelphia Eagles, those young players have to go out and play as if they don't know any better. Because on paper and in Vegas, everybody would tell you that it's gonna be a mismatch. That offensive line Saquon Barkley, just think about what happened a month or so ago when these two teams played each other. But I, it's something about when you face a team a second time, I remember when, when we played the Philadelphia Eagles And we couldn't get over that hump And we kept going against them. The ability to know what you ha were were gonna deal with.


And when you went into the game, you didn't have to feel anybody out. You knew what it was gonna be. I think the Rams are gonna get the benefit of that because they know what it's like to see Mackay back like the dudes 6 7, 3 50. Like you could put you two together and that's Mackay v. Lane Johnson, Landon Dickerson, cam Jergens, mal, like those dudes are gigantic. I think the smallest one outside of the center is like six six and 3 25. Right. And so you have to know what that feels like to go against it. That way when you go into the game, you understand how to attack it. I think the Rams are gonna do that. The key to this game will be, and it sounds crazy, I don't know what the weather's gonna be like, but I got, I guarantee it's gonna be cold.


How does a team from Southern California who's got young guys deal with the cold weather? Yeah. As somebody who's been in this league and, and, and been a young guy, it's difficult to deal with if you, if you haven't had to do it a lot. The first time I played in cold weather, I'll never forget it. We, we were in Chicago and here I am, I'm a rookie. I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm about to put on every layer that the equipment manager's giving me. And Hardy Nicholson looks at me and said, Hey, no, no, no, no, we don't do that on defense. I like, what do you mean it's like 10 degrees outside? He said, no, we don't do that. He's like, on defense, we tough it out. We, we gotta tough it out. So of course I wanted to fit in. I didn't put anything on. And when that wind came through that tunnel in Chicago, it felt like it went right through the crack of my behind and outta my nose.


It's the coldest I've ever been in my life. I promise you. I've never been colder in my life. And all I thought about was when this game was gonna be over and how could I get back to the locker room. And so the next few times that I played in cold weather, I prepared for it. I used to use this stuff called Tiger bomb. Yeah. And Vaseline drank a shot of whiskey before the game. Little chicken broth. And so my body and my skin was ready to play. That's a real thing. I hope this Rams team is ready to deal with the elements because that will give them a heads up in playing in this game. Yeah. What's the, what, what's the worst like, play that you like? Is it tackling someone else's, getting blocked? Is it, what's the worst feeling in the cold being under the pile?


All of it. All of it. All of it. Yeah. All of it. Pre-game warmup is kind of the worst because you gotta get your body loose and warm and, and once you get loose and warm and, and, and no lie small shot of whiskey. I mean Yeah. Yeah. We don't need anything hard. Yeah. Like vodka, I mean, we, we don't need anything just like a small shot of, you know, a little Tennessee something, something light just to kind of get the throat nice and warm, put the tiger bomb on, get ready to go get LD up a little bit. And here's the last thing. You gotta put the full body onesie on the ski suit, cut the toes out. Alright. And make sure that the shoes are nice and dry. And once you get warm, the key is to stay warm. Like the worst thing you ever wanna do is get warm and then cool off because then you freeze.


Right. All that, all that perspiration freezes up and you'll be cold as hell. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I, I love the idea of you stepping into Chicago and being just getting spit roasted by the wind. Just like from your ass to your nose. I can't stand this. Did you ever see like an offensive lineman and they're not wearing sleeves in the cold? And did that make you intimidated? First of all? I, I think it's a, a code that the offensive lineman can't wear sleeves. Yep. They all didn't have any sleeves on. I didn't feel intimidated. I just thought they was crazy. Listen, at a certain point, I don't care how tough you are or mentally tough, if it's zero degrees, everybody's cold. Like, you're not gonna tell me at zero, man, I'm not cold. That's a lot. Yeah. Everybody's cold now.


Are are, are you gonna play with it? Sure. You can play with it, but everybody's cold at zero degrees. Coldest game I ever played in was Green Bay when it was zero degrees windshield was minus 15 and the sun was out. Coincidentally, it was one of the best games I ever had because I knew how to dress the tiger bomb on my skin. I felt good and the sun was out. So the sun being out at least made me feel better. Yeah, Yeah, it Does. I'm look at the weather. It's gonna be high of 38 on Sunday in Philly. That's what time's the game? It's it's like two, three o'clock. Three o'clock. Yeah. It, it's a, it's a three o'clock game. It's Probably gonna be like mid thirties, possibly raining. So I guess it could be worse. Yeah, It could be.


Are you worried bug about Jalen hurts at all? I mean, he's, he's, he looks rusty. He did not have the best game. Yeah. That offense. I don't know what it is. The Eagle's offense. Like, it's just, it's not sluggish because they obviously have like incredible skill position on the outside and Saquon had 2000 yards. It's almost just like, I it like it, they move it a pace that's like, I, I don't, I don't get it. I just watch it and I'm, I like, I'm like, you guys should be going faster and you should have more plays that are explosive downfield with all the guys you have. So everybody says the same thing, but they beat around the bush. So let's just lay this out. Yeah. Let's look at the, let's look at the Eagles offense.


A J Brown, Devonte Smith, Dallas, Goddard, they got weapons. Cockier offensive line I think we would say is one of the best offensive lines in football, right? Yep. Saquon Barkley's been the best back in football this year, right? Yep. So what's the last piece? Mm. Fullback. Yeah, fullback. Nobody Plays with a fullback anymore. Last piece is the quarterback. Yeah. But for whatever reason, like, he hasn't been bad, but he hasn't been great. Right? And so it kinda leaves you asking that question, what's wrong with the Eagles offense? The answer is right in front of us guys. The, the indifferences of the quarterback and how that reverberates throughout the, the, the offense is the issue because regardless of what's being said, when the quarterback is off, everybody's affected.


The receivers are affected, the offensive line's affected. And to me, Saquon Barkley has been the common force on this team because he was an outside guy that came in and Saquon, Barkley's a team guy. He's a guy that, that tries to galvanize everybody and get everybody together. And so I honestly think he's the guy that's holding this thing together because as we saw throughout the season, receivers looking at the quarterback sideways, quarterbacks look at the receiver sideways and everybody come out, came out and said the right thing. But to your point, big Yeah. You just, you just asked the question Right. That everybody continues to ask. Right. What's going on with the offense? It, it, it's, it, it's, I like Jalen Hurts is not bad, but he also is not like great, it's, it's such a c like confounding issue because I, I like him a lot of times and he's objectively not a bad quarterback, but I think it's, it's what you're saying, like everything else is there and you look at some of the guys that are still playing and the way they elevate their game in the playoffs and Jail Hurts has done that.


He played phenomenal in the Super Bowl. So it's like, get back to that Jalen hurts and get to that level. No question. We've seen him do it. He was the best player on the field in that Super Bowl against Patrick Mahome. No doubt about it. I will try to describe it this way and, and, and make a comparison that I think everybody in America can understand. It's like having a a, a hamburger with no cheese on it and no condiments. Hmm. Like it, it's a burger. Everybody loves burgers. But is the burger really that good without the condiments? Like it's, it's, it's okay, but I, everybody has their specific condiments in which they wanna put on it. I'm a cheese bacon mayo every now and then. A hard fried egg guy. I don't know what you guys are, but unless you're five years old, nobody really eats a plain burger.


Yeah, I was gonna say we All need something on it. Yeah. I I'm Just thinking about the cheese the whole time. Yeah. I eat exactly. I, I eat plain burgers just because my son, he's five so then I just clean up his, I, you know, I eat the, the burger that he doesn't eat. So, but yeah, it's terrible every single time I'm like, this sucks. But, but, but if I said, Hey let's go get some burgers, you'd be like, let's go. Like I'm all in. Yeah. But if I don't get everything that comes with the burger, you're like eh, not really that good of a nah. Yeah, I like that. Yeah. I think that's Jalen hurts. Like Jalen Hurts is like the burger, but we just continue to wait when we are gonna get the toppings, when are we gonna get everything that goes with it? We, we've had it before, we had it in the Super Bowl where he was outstanding and it was like the greatest In and Out Burger.


Double double Animal style with cheese, the whole nine. And we just want to get that again. And we haven't quite gotten it. We, you know, we've been dealing with Fat Burger, we've been dealing with Chili's, old timer with cheese. Like we've been dealing with a lot of things, but we haven't got the in and out double double animal style since the Super Bowl. Yeah. Yeah. He should never have given us a taste of it. 'cause now that's all I think about. Yeah. Max, I'm curious to know what you think. Our producer's a big Eagles fan. He is also a big fan of burgers. So I'm curious to hear what his thoughts are on this analogy. I would, I would say he is a little bit better than a plain burger, but, you know, that's me. I could, I could be biased. Okay. Okay. A little bit better. Yeah, So a little Bit. So he's like a burger with like pickles only?


No, I'll give him a slice of cheese, no sauce. Okay. Just, alright. That's, that's fair. Yeah. Okay. I got It. A Turkey burger. Maybe. He's a Turkey burger with cheese. No Turkey burgers are Good. Oh, You dress up a Turkey burger pretty good. You can, yeah. Turkey. Turkey burger the worst. Exactly. Pretty good. Well, Like seriously, they're the worst. Bo what, what does, what do, what do the Rams offense have to do to win this game? Because Matt Stafford, he didn't look good for the last month, month and a half of the regular season, but he looked pretty good on Monday night football. He was slinging it like, like old man. Yeah. So what did they have to do? Well, I, I, I wonder what the health of Tyler Higg be's gonna be like. 'cause he went out in that game with a a, an abdominal strain or something happened.


A shoulder, I can't remember what it was, but he didn't come back. And while he was in the game, he had got five or six catches. So that's gonna be key. Second of all, they need to be able to run the football and like, you know, Jalen Carter and Chris Jones are probably the two best defensive tackles in football. No disrespect to Jeffrey Simmons down in Tennessee, but Jalen Carter's playing at an unbelievable letter level for Philadelphia and Nolan Smith, who a lot of people thought was a bust. He's coming on. So you gotta be able to neutralize those two guys. You gotta run the football Adam with Williams man. And I think the Rams offensive line is gonna be key. Then it comes down like when you get in big games, man, like your stars gotta be stars. It's gotta be Stafford, the Cooper Cup, Stafford Depu Ko Stafford to Robinson, like Matthew Stafford has to remind us of the Matthew Stafford that was with Calvin Johnson.


Like he's gotta come out and sling that thing. It can't be anything else. Like he's gotta throw for 300 yards. Pooka KU has gotta have a vintage day. Cooper Cup has gotta remind us when everybody was like, man, who's that white boy? That's Cooper Cup. Like he's gotta have one of those days. And so I think if they do that and they can run the football and this defense plays at that super high level, the Rams can take this game into the fourth quarter. And when you're the underdog, that's really all you want. You want when you come outta that last break and it's six minutes left for it to be a one score game either way and that's all you can ask for on the road in the elements. I think the ramps can do that, but we'll see. Yeah, I'm excited. We might get a white Cooper versus White Cooper matchup The Gene versus Cup Cooper Cup versus Cooper Deje.


Yeah. Yeah. Who are you taking? I'm taking White Cooper. Yeah, I'm taking, Okay. That's a win For white people. I'll be honest. That's, we, we've been taking a lot of LS recently. That's a big dub before the white race By the way. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna check your NFL facts right now. Cooper Deje White db. Yep. Before, before Cooper Deje. Who was the last prominent white cornerback? This Is Horn Jason Seehorn. There You go. I'm just, I'm just checking to see. Just checking. Come on. He, well, It it's not a long list. Yeah, it's not a long list. All right. So book. I have a question about the Chiefs. You, you were obviously in this spot as a player. You, you were on teams that had the bye week. How much better do you feel after a bye week?


Is it significant? Like, is it, can you notice the, the difference in practice and we do the rest verse rust thing? Is that just all bullshit? Yeah. I, I would rather have the rest. Especially if, if your bi week was early to the middle part of the season and, and like the physical part you like, you're not gonna make, you're not gonna go from like three to 10 physically. You might go from three to like seven. But more importantly mentally, I think a a a week break mentally where you don't have to get your, your, your mental levels, your competitive juices flowing. You can take a mental break where you actually, instead of dreading to play or trying to figure out how to play, you're chomping at the bit to play.


And that's a big difference. That's why you see the teams that have a bi-week often come out in that first five minutes, that first quarter they are flying around because it's mental. You're ready to compete, you're ready to get out there. You haven't competed in a while because we're creatures of habit. And when you've done something from July until January and then you take a week off, like your body is still in that competitive mode even though you've had a week off. So you are ready to get out. It's kinda like you, but watch this, you guys do a podcast every week or whatever. If you take a week off, you're like, man, I can't wait to get back on that. I got so much to say I'm ready to, it's the, it's the same thing with football. And I, and I think mentally the chiefs are gonna get a break. I think the chiefs also are gonna be really healthy. It it'll be the healthiest they being.


I think if you're Texans man, like you really gotta be careful the first first quarter of that game. And like, you can't come out of the first quarter down 14 nothing. Because they're gonna try to come out and make a statement and let everyone know that it's the chief's invitational still. But yeah, I would rather be mentally and physically rested and have a, a tad bit of rust than to continue playing and have your body banged up and beat up. Yeah. In a way though, I also feel like getting to play and play well last weekend is a very, very good thing for the Houston Texans because they haven't looked that good this season. They haven't been blowing people out, but their defense looked so good last week and, and they were heating the quarterback up, put 'em under pressure all day.


Are they gonna be able to do that to Patrick Mahomes? Are they gonna be able to get to his face and make some awkward throws? So I, I don't really have to even watch this game. If I could looked at the stat sheet and, and without like, took a blind look at the stat sheet and I saw Will Anderson Jr three sacks, four pressures. I saw Dene hunter, two sack, seven pressures. I'm like, this is a game in the fourth quarter. Because if those two defensive ends can put up a stat line like that or they sack Mahomes four or five times, it's nine or 10 pressures. Yeah. That game is gonna be a tight game because that means they're gonna affect the quarterback and they're gonna affect the chiefs offense. Like the biggest weakness I think everyone knows it's the, it's the chief tackles. Yeah. Like they've had to move Joe Toney out there.


They, that they've, they've tried to draft a guy. It doesn't matter. Those tackles have been bad. I know it, you know it, you know who else knows it? Andy Reed. So he's gonna try to game plan around that. And so the Houston Texan defense and DMI Ryans have got to figure out a way to affect the quarterback. You know, if, if if you affect Patrick Mahomes then you affect the entire team because he's the, he's the thing that makes that goal. Offensively the Texas offensive line man. Like I'm not sure what happened to Laramie Tsel. I'm not sure what's going on with, with Titus with Howard. Like these guys haven't been playing well they got a lot of money invested in that offensive line and they haven't played well. And for the first time in over a year, I thought CJ Shroud looked like the CJ Shroud we saw when Ohio State took on George, he was running around making plays.


He was making throws. Like, I haven't seen that guy. 'cause we all watched that Sugar bowl and you were like, I didn't know he could have second reaction plays. I didn't know he could do that. I think he won America over that night and then all of a sudden his rookie year was great. And then this year it's kind of been like, I haven't seen that guy since his rookie year. If he can play like that, man for sure this can be a game. I don't know if I expected to be close, but I think the Texan Texans can hang in there for a little while. It's a good point about the, about CJ shout scrambling. 'cause he did, it did feel like he did that more and was effective with his legs on Saturday against the Chargers. You brought up something Andy Reid game planning, and this might be a dumb question, but do you have a story or re remember a specific game where your game plan was so elite that you knew almost instantly?


Or like this, is that like where this is gonna be the easiest day ever? Like we, we know they're, I mean I guess the Super Bowl, the first one you won, but is there another time where you're like, our coaches just the way they got us ready for this game, there's no way we're losing today. Yeah, I I, I remember in Indianapolis where we're playing Cincinnati Bengals, it's a Monday night and it wasn't the game plan, it was after the first series. So if you remember when Carson Palmer was there and Ochocinco and like all those guys during the Cincinnati heyday, they went no huddle. They went up tempo. And when you go up tempo, I tell people all the time when you go up tempo, like the offense can't be super complicated 'cause those guys aren't rocket science.


We aren't rocket science. Like it's gotta be a code that everybody's going about. And so after the first series, we figured out when Carson Palmer would come to the line of scrimmage and say 9 22 Las Vegas. 9 22 Las Vegas. Well, Las Vegas is a west coast city. It was a, it was a run to the left. Hmm. If he came up and said, whatever, 6 44, 6 44, let's go Jacksonville, Jacksonville. Check that, check that New York East, New York east. It was a run to the right. And so we were able to decipher their game plan running the football within the first series of the game. And so they didn't really have a ton of yards rushing that game. So it, it, it's one of those things where like the game plan can be cool, but everybody makes little subtle adjustments.


Yeah. And so it, it was a cool game plan where Palmer is kind of, you know, doing this thing And we were able kind of to decipher their code that night. That's Gotta be the best feeling in the world to just be like, Hey guys, we know this. And now like every single time he says it, we're just gonna stop it. Well what you, what you have to do is you have to kind of be like a kid in a candy store. Like you can't ever, you can't let everyone know Right. That, you know, when Santa's coming right. Like, you kind of gotta like, oh man, man, that's, this is tough. Like, you really know what's coming. Yeah, I love that. So you, You played five seasons for John Gruden in Tampa, right? Yes. Our colleague John Gruin. Do you have any good John Gruden stories from the locker room? I, I got so many, man, like, first of all, I, I, I'll start with this.


Like John and I started out on a good relationship, then we hit a rocky patch and I think we're good now, but there was a period of time where I was, I was probably his least favorite player of all time. Really? Oh, just, well you gotta you gotta understand Gruden is an offensive guy and there's nothing more he loved than another offensive player. Like if you name him, he loved him. Defensive guys were just a tool to get him the ball back. Especially down in Tampa, you know, one of the best Gruden stories ever. Let's see, we've all seen the, the clip of Chris Sims, like Chris Sims and John Gruden and Chris Sims is trying to call the play. And, and Gruden is looking at him like I just told you to play.


Like, can you really say like, can you not say the play? And he's, I mean he is do cussing him and, and MF And we're standing there on defense like, like, like this poor kid man. And, and just to see him, just to see how he did and dealt with young players was the most amazing thing dude. And he would do it every single year. He didn't like young players because he wanted veteran guys that knew how to practice that knew how to work that knew that he didn't have to babysit. And so anytime a young guy came in, John Gruden was always, he he was always a treat to watch. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. So there's another game out there this weekend.


The commanders, my beloved commanders have to go up to Detroit and play against the Detroit Lions. I I haven't released my keys to the game. I'm breaking down film all week. I don't wanna release keys to the game too early because I know that Jared listens to the podcast and I don't want to give him any inside information. So I'm saving that for Friday. But what would your keys to the game be for how the commanders could possibly have a chance to be what looks like on paper to be a pretty significant mismatch? Well, Jayden Daniels has to be special and their defense is gonna have to create some turnovers. Like we've seen Jared Golf turn the football over a little bit before, so they gotta get turnovers and, and, and, and I think before we even get to the exits and os on the field, they gotta withstand that building.


I played in that at four field, that place is gonna be at a fever pitch. They're the number one seed. If they win two games, they, they get to the Super Bowl. Both of those games are gonna be at home like they've earned the right for the road to the Super Bowl to come through Detroit. And so you gotta withstand like the road team. There's a reason only one road team won this weekend and that was your commanders. Now can they do it again? It's gonna be a different building. Tampa was loud. Tampa was boisterous. Ford Field's gonna be totally different. So they gotta withstand that. And then Jayden Daniels is gonna have to make, we all know he can make those plays with his legs. He's gotta rush over a hundred yards and then he's gonna have to hit some chunk plays down the field of Terry McClure.


The good thing about everything I just said, it's all doable. Okay? It's all very doable because this Detroit defense is banged up. It's beat up. Like, I think they're, they're gonna be without of their starting day 11. They're gonna be without six of those guys, five or six. One of their corners ion Arnold, he's a rookie. He's learning, he's gonna be good, but he is very handsy right now. If you're Terry McClarin, I think you got it. Anytime there's a matchup of Terry Arnold versus Terry McClarin and you're Jade Daniels, let it go. Now. Now i I I think you're gonna have to watch for the safety Kirby Joseph in the middle of the field. He, he's an all pro player. He's got eight or nine interceptions you gotta watch for him. But I think if you're Washington and you watch film, this is not the Detroit Lions team that we thought they were gonna be defensively at the beginning of the season.


They are vulnerable. But in order to make them vulnerable, you're gonna have to withstand the building. You're gonna have to get some turnover from Jerry Golf and you're gonna have to get your quarterback to play to where we think he's gonna be in two or three years, like in two or three years. I think Jay Daniels is in the conversation with Josh Allen, Patrick Mahomes, Lamar Jackson, and Joe Burl. He's not there yet, but he's gotta give you a glimpse of him being there in order for them to win this game. Yeah. Do you, do you believe at all, I mean the, the Alex Andone coming back for the Lions week 18, they have an incredible game plan for the Vikings. He's got the green dot on. Is that, is that like overstated his return?


Or is it something that really, like getting everyone in the right place can mean that much and being in the right place that Lion's defense can maybe cover up all the injuries they have, Like getting everybody back in the role? Dude is, is like a major key. Like imagine if your wife goes out of town and she leaves the kids with you big guy, and then all of a sudden it happening This weekend to me it's happening this Weekend. Right, exactly. Like, listen, the wife goes out of town, you got the kids and maybe you got a nanny that comes over and helps out, but it's just not the same when the wife is there. Like, if things don't feel the same, it's not the same, you don't feel the same. Things may be getting done, but it's not the same. It's very similar, dude, it's the same thing. So when Ancel comes back, things feel normal.


He's the green dot. He calls the defense. You feel reassured that if you take a nap and fall asleep, that the kids aren't gonna just jump out the windows. Right. It's the like when, when Anoni there, he's gonna get everybody in their proper position. So it definitely makes a difference. Yeah. My, my kids, I I, my wife is outta town on Saturday, Friday and Saturday this weekend. And that my kids get ready to, to eat cereal for breakfast, lunch, and then mac and cheese for dinner. That we're doing that, that's the whole menu. That's the entire menu for the whole weekend. Okay. Yeah. That's the whole menu. It's cereal and mac and cheese. You choose, you can have you, you can want cereal for dinner, mac and cheese for breakfast. I don't care. But those are the only two things on the menu. We don't like DoorDash, Uber Eats or like bring something a little bit Because I always, you know what, I'm trying to watch my weight.


I'm trying to be better. I'm about to turn 40 boo. The problem that I have is that when I order for, when I order dinner for my family, in my head I treat my five, three and 1-year-old as full grown adults. So I'm like, all right, my 3-year-old, she'll have a, you know, a kung pow chicken. My 1-year-old he'll have, you know, the general sos and, and the side of fried rice. And they don't eat any, I mean, they're kids, they eat like three bites of something and that's it. So then I end up with so much food and I just get fatter. So that's why that's tough for me when I try to order for the whole family. I got you two things outta that. Number one, when the 40th birthday party is planned, I need an invitation.


Whatever, whatever we're doing for what We're, we're gonna, we're we're PFDI are both turning 40 at the end of January, we'll do something in New Orleans for the Super Bowl week. Yeah. Just let me know when I I will definitely be there. Okay. That's number one. Number two, I mean, if you're gonna order for the kids, like stop ordering, like they're grown like this, this, I can't help myself chick God, I call Chick-fil-A and tell 'em to seem like a party. Fred, you can just get 50 nuggets. Let 'em all share it. Yeah, no, I, when we go to Chick-fil-A, I'm like, all right, you guys, like I look back and I'm like to my 1-year-old, like, all right, you're good for 20 nuggets. They're good for three and then I eat the other 17. That's my problem. Yeah, I know. There's nothing wrong with that sometimes, buddy. Nothing wrong with that. Yeah. They look at you like you're over providing for 'em too. That's a good dad move.


Yeah. Yeah. They're never gonna worry about their next meal. That's good. That's A positive. Yeah. And I'm just gonna eat all of it. Book I did wanna talk about college football real quick. Monday or Monday night we have the national championship, Ohio State, Notre Dame, Ohio State's the better team. We're gonna be honest. Yeah. Ohio State's the better team talent wise. Give us the case for Notre Dame because I, I like, I love what Marcus Freeman has done. I think they are a such a tough team and I think that there's something in there with Notre Dame that they can hang around in this game and maybe have some, you know, one of those college football plays late where, where they're able to win this game. I, I, I think there's something there, like this team has been super resilient all year. I think if they're starting 22, they're gonna be down like eight or nine guys when this game starts.


Marcus Freeman has built an unbelievable program. The resiliency, the mental toughness. With that being said, when you step on the football field, like you gotta make plays like Jeremiah love's gotta, he's, he's gotta have a day to darion price that they're gonna have to run the football. Like anytime you're the underdog, you gonna shorten the game a little bit. Riley and Lenon, we say this every time, like he's gonna have to make a play down the field throwing the football. He's gotta hit a big play. And then their defense, which I think is Marcus Freeman's specialty, is gonna have to be out of this mind because Chip Kelly, the offense coordinator, Ron Day, I think number one, they're gonna try to get Jeremiah Smith going because he had one catch for three yards last time. And I, I don't know if you want to go into an off season where he isn't a huge part of the game.


So I think Jeremiah Smith is gonna be targeted early and often. I think when you look at Trayvon Henderson, you look at Quincy Judkins, it, it's so many of those guys that I think are gonna be unbelievable for, for Notre Dame to deal with. So yeah, I, to me, if Notre Dame plays at their best Yeah. If they play at their best, this is still a two score game. Oh. And and I think yeah. Even if they play their be, because there's, there's such a disparity I think when it comes to talent where we are now, now, if this was the original Notre Dame starting 22, I, I think this would be a one score game and maybe come down to the, the fourth quarter where you're like, okay, Notre Dame, I can see a path for them winning.


It's tough for me to see that now with the current Notre Dame team based on the injuries and based on everything they got. And, and, and I think the wild card is this, if you're, if you're a Notre Dame fan, I, I, I think you gotta go and and say a prayer for number one, say a prayer to text down Jesus. Yep. And then secondly, you gotta hope, you gotta hope that will Howard reverts back to Will Howard at Kansas State against the University of Kansas, where sometimes he, he just didn't realize he was a good quarterback. Yeah. And maybe he has a bad day. Other than that, I, I think this is gonna be a comfortable Ohio state when may not start out that way, but I think eventually it'll be a comfortable win for them.


Okay. Notre Dame has the ultimate 12th man, the Lord. Yeah. Just call on him. They do. But, but I, I mean why even play the game? Surely Ohio State would never lose a game to a team. They should beat by two scores. Yeah, of course. I mean, we just saw that a month ago, right? Yeah. I Mean I, but notice, notice how Michigan won the game. Turnovers will, Howard threw what I knew he threw one pick maybe two. Yeah, they, they ran the football, they controlled the line of scrimmage. They shortened the game. Jeremiah Smith did everything I just talked about run the ball, shortened the game. Jeremiah Smith didn't get off. Will Howard playing like, not Will Howard, like that's what they gotta get.


Like you gotta ask yourself, can we repeat what Michigan did? Yeah, yeah. Booger your big SEC guy. Would you like to apologize for the SEC and these Playoffs? Because all I heard going into the playoffs, there should be three more SEC teams. You could make the case that half the SEC should get in. They're the be best conference in the country. Now we don't have any SEC you barely had any in the semi-finals. If you can call Texas an SEC team. Well they are. I feel like you should apologize for on behalf of the conference. Yeah. I mean, listen, I'm not gonna apologize for a conference that's dominated college football. You know, what I will say is this, is that I think the years and the ages were the SEC and to a certain extent the a CC would Clemson dominate college football is over with.


And you, you look no further than the transfer portal in NIL because no longer can these teams in the south stack their rosters because I'm not gonna wait two years to play when I can go to Penn State or Oregon or Michigan and I can play right now. I can play right now and I, and they'll play me 250 grand. So like, like that's just never, ever gonna, and, and think about this, think about this. Look no further than the number one recruit in America this year. Bryce Underwood. Bryce Underwood was committed to LSU for 10 months. And at the very end, here comes Ellison, here comes port, nor here comes most important Brady and all this money comes in. And now he goes to Michigan.


Five years ago, that doesn't happen. Yeah. But now it happens. So I I I think we're we, we've just reached a point where there's gonna be a lot more parity in college football. Yeah, yeah. You're probably right. You're probably right. Alright, so book, I have one last question.


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code. Take my last question for you by the Way. Yeah, by the way, what do you got? Look what I have on right now, baby Rollback joggers. Oh, let's Go. Love that.


Alright. Yeah. You know what my last question is, whatcha are doing in the gym these days? You said you, you just had come from the gym. So what's the routine? I, we have a new gym in our office, so I have to, I'm trying to get back in a new routine. I've been busy, but like, once football ends I want to get into a new routine. So, you know, once you've reached the age of 40, I, I think, I think what you need to do in the gym is, is lift a lot less weight. So everybody knows I'm a big Peloton guy. I'm, I'm almost at like 1500 rides for my career. So, but I wanted to get back into the gym and, and just kind of start to tone up a little bit. And so what I do in, in the gym is a lot of body weight stuff. So squatting one single leg functional movements.


So single leg body weight squat, put your, put your body in a position and you can do it just using your body weight. Single leg R dls, like the heaviest, the heaviest dumbbell I pick up is 40 pounds and it's, it's, it's a lot of super sets. It's high intensity. It's eight reps here, eight reps there, three, four rounds. Not, I'm not benching, I'm not squatting, I'm not throwing 315 pounds up. You, you don't need to do that. Like you're at at, at the age of 40. It's a lot more about mobility, it's a lot more about prehab, post hab re like all those things where your body can functionally move. Like make sure your hips are stretched out.


Alright. Not only will you enjoy, but the wife will too. Like make sure everything is, is is nice and loose. Okay. I feel like that's a eugenics commercial with Frank Thomas and Doug and Doug Loo. Yeah. Oh yeah. Frank Thomas. But, but that's what I'm doing in the, in the gym now man. Lot of functional movement, a lot of stretching, lot of superset stuff. Lot of high intensity. So I can tone up man. Okay. You look good. I like that. You look great. Yeah. Also booger, you kinda teased me a second ago when you were talking about Jaden. I just, I'm, I've been spending the last two days just watching Jaden highlights. Just taking, soaking it all in. 'cause I don't know when the next time I'm gonna get get a, a playoff victory is who are, can you list your top, top seven quarterbacks in the NFL Top seven quarterbacks.


So Mahomes, Lamar, Josh, Joe Burrow, that's four. I would probably go Staff. Matthew Stafford, five, Goff, Jared, Goff six. Hmm. And then, and then it's, it's probably Yeah. Hmm. Dak seven. Shut Up. Shut up. Cut him off. Get him off the air. Got we got right, we're right there. Get off the air, you're right there.


And then probably and and then Cooper Rush eight. Like to me, to me Jayden Daniels is already top 10. All he, he's already a top 10 quarterback D Okay. I mostly just wanted to see your fingers as you count him. That's, that's the real reason I'm Asking. Question him out. That's like right there. Like this one here man. This one really, it just kind of, I don't know. It does a thing like these two right here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're buddies. It looks like you're making a gang sign. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All alright, well book thank you as always. We love having you on and let's, we're gonna watch one of the best weekends. This is a divisional round is what it really is. Like, hey, this is the Final Eight teams, let's go, let's go find who's going to the conference championship. It's the best. I can't wait man. Appreciate you guys always having me, having me on.


Love you guys man. Looking forward to seeing you guys in, in New Orleans, man. Yes. Let me know when the celebration is. Yes. Done. All right. All right. See you book. Okay.


Thanks to Parker McFarland, our good friend, boo. We have our last ad that we're gonna watch for the Doritos contest. Crash the Super Bowl contest. It's up to the people to choose, which creator will win $1 million and have their submission run as Doritos 25th Super Bowl ad by voting for their favorite fan made ad@doritoscrash.com. Now until January 28th, fans can visit dorito crash.com and cast their vote for who they think is the winning ad. Will it be abduction, barbershop, or charades? Vote for the next super Bowl ad@doritoscrash.com. Let's watch charades. Okay, dad, for the win. Ah, I don't know. I'm not very good at this game. Oh, it's in the bag. One word door. Eat toes. Okay. Door eat toes door. Eat toes door. Eat toes. Store eat toes. I got it, chip. Love it. Love it. So go vote for the next Super Bowl ad@doritoscrash.com and go eat some Doritos. 'cause it's the best chip ever.


And Now for something completely different. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest, our friend. It is Dana White, ahead of UF C3 11 this Saturday in Inglewood, California. Actually, let's start there, Dana. The, are we still on for Inglewood? Obviously with the fires and everything, it's been crazy. Really sad, but are we, are we full going Steve Balmer's house, the Intuit Dome? Yes, we are. We're we're, we're we're going we're, I'm flying in there Thursday night, we have the press conference, Friday's the weigh-ins, and then the event's on Saturday. Okay. So in, in UF C3 11, we have two title bouts.


What, what are you most looking forward to in, in this card? Because it's, by the way, I wanna say thank you. There's nothing better than like a full day of NFL playoff football. And then you go right into a UFC card. It's like, that's, that's what, that's why we watch sports. I could not agree more. How, how about, how about the Rams man? How about the Rams? How cool is that? Yeah. Yeah. Crazy dude. They Look legit. Yeah, they Do. They look really good. So good. And, and pka Nku, you know, so I, me and Lorenzo Fertita funded this team, you know, like a peewee team. And, and, and Pook and Nku came off that team and grew up with my boys playing football, so, wow. That's all. What was he like and Him, What was he like as a kid playing Dalton Kincaid lived with us through Dalton Kincaid lived with us through Covid.


He played football with my son. We have at that team, the little cowboys team. Tons of guys went, went on to play in, in college in the NFL. Yeah. So what was PAH like as a kid playing football? Because I love watching him play. He's just got, he's crazy out there. He was a beast. He could play quarterback, running back, wide receiver. He played defense, he played special teams. They, they, they put him everywhere. And his name's really fun to say too. Yeah, pka Nku. It really Is a fun, and, and when you're in the stadium of pka, NA yeah. Like every 30 seconds they're screaming his name. Yeah. He's the greatest kid in the world. It couldn't happen to a better guy. It's, it's awesome to watch. He's an absolute beast.


So. Alright, so, so UF C3 11, tell us what, which fight are you most interested in? Or, or you're like, this is the one that people maybe aren't, maybe it's not the title fight, but we're like, this is gonna be an incredible fight. I mean, the, the first of all the, the main event, you know, Islam and, and Arman, it's, they, they, they are both the style of fighting is almost identical. So it's, it's the toughest fight Islam could possibly get. So, so that's a gr great fight. And obviously Rabin Umar, the co main event, Umar is, is supposed to be the future. I mean, he is undefeated 18 and oh and, you know, Rab has ha ha has walked through everybody, former champions and let me think, Yuri Prohaska and Jamal Hill is a great fight.


The whole card's badass. Are, are we worried Darren Holland's always fun. Are, Are we worried at all about Umar's Corner, man, Khabib being kicked off a Frontier Airline flight. What, what the fuck is he doing on Frontier Airline? That was my question. This Kid, this kid's got more money than anybody. And he, and that, but that's how humble he is. He is flying on that piece of shit airline, you know, what can he expect? Well, My que my question was gonna be number one, what are, what are you doing having Habib flying Frontier? And then number two, how bad do you have to fuck up to get kicked off Frontier? Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. I don't, I don't know what you have to do to get kicked off Frontier Airlines, but Yeah, he, listen, Habib doesn't fight anymore 'cause he is got shitloads of money.


Yeah, yeah. I, I gotta teach Habib how to, how to charter a plane. Yeah. And we need to make Sure my teacher just going from Vegas to to to to San Francisco. Yeah. I do like that he was sitting the exit row though. That's, that's a man that's saying like, if in case anything goes wrong, I would want, if I was on that flight, I'd be pissed off. They kicked Habib off as like an exit row captain. Yeah, You are a hundred percent right. That's how dumb they are in Frontier Airlines. If there's anybody you want in that position, it's Ha Madoff. Yes. Yeah. Good, good job. Frontier Airlines and, And we want it on the record, he's flying Frontier be by choice. Not because Dana didn't pay him, because I'm sure there's people who are like, oh, Dana didn't pay him. He's flying Frontier. Not only did Dana pay him after he won the Conor McGregor fight, he went on like the Muslim world tour and Saudi Arabia reigned on him.


Abu Dhabi reigned on him. Qatar reigned on him. Yeah. That kid's got more money than Putin rained on him. I mean, yeah. Ha Habib Habib shouldn't even know what the fuck Frontier Airlines is. Just like, most people don't. Yeah. The More you say the people that reigned on him, now I'm beginning to understand why maybe somebody wouldn't want him flying, but Yeah. But no, you, you got rained on. You make some, you make some good points. He's probably got a lot of money right now. Yeah, He is. Got plenty of money. So give us something to look forward to in the Undercards, because I love the Undercards too. We're gonna be done with football and Yeah, it's the nightcap. It's like you're gonna just roll into a perfect Saturday night just filled with sports. So what's one of the undercard that you have your mind, your eye on? You could look at Talbot Barcelo Alameda, and Speed Back.


Those are both great fights. Okay. I'm excited. Dana, I got a tough question for you. Ready? It's, It's a badass card. Yeah. Sold out. You know, the thing just opened biggest gate and, and, and the history of the, of the arena, which isn't a big history, but WWE just did like 4 million. We should do close to 10 for this Fight. Yeah. Did that, that place looks awesome. Do you have any musical guests that you're lining up for? Three 11. Oh, To play? Yeah. No, Not three 11. Not three 11. That's Funny. It would be good. They Should play. We have guys there. I think Travis Parker's coming and we'll have, we'll have musical musical guests there, but they won't be playing.


Okay. Yeah. I got, I got a tough question for you, Dana. This is a very tough question. Talk to me about oiling up. The Oiling up. Yeah, the, the, the, The, the weirdest shit ever. This thing I'm, I'm on. Oh, oh. Your boy Taylor Luan is blowing me up right now. Oh, Okay. He, he probably saab he probably wants to play blackjack, so Yeah, you, you, you basically, every time you go live, people just say Dana Oil me up, like nonstop in the comments. You want to just address it and be like, Hey, I'm not oiling anyone up. I'm not oiling myself up. Stop saying it. Yeah. I went on, I was live one time and some guy says, Hey Dana, I wanna oil you up.


And I was like, what the fuck does that even mean? What, what, what kind of shit is that? And now it's a thing every time I go live, it's a thing. I don't understand it. I don't know what it means. I don't get it. I don't want to get it. Hey, You gotta get Oiled. Yeah. Have you thought about oiling yourself up? Like that would do crazy numbers if you're like, Hey, I got a big, I got big news, I'm breaking on Instagram live about Conor McGregor, and then it just goes to you just oiling yourself up. Yeah. I don't know man. I, I have no idea. You guys know what it means, what it means. I think, I think it just happened one time and now everybody's going to keep saying, Hey Dana, go get oiled up until you actually get oiled up. Yeah. It's the internet. The Internet way To just goes crazy. And then after you do it, everybody will be like, wow, that was stupid. Yeah. And then, but then you can at least turn the page on it now.


Yeah. You could flip it on it. Well, it'd probably be hard to turn the page oiled up. Wait, So what is Taylor texting you about? He wants to play blackjack right now. That's what he is doing. We, we, we just played this weekend. He came in town, we played this weekend and he got murdered. Okay. And then I had to come save him. Okay. Oh yeah. I don't know. I mean, call Daddy. We do think of the tunnel of chaos pretty much every day I think of the tunnel of chaos. I do want to come back to Vegas and go back to the tunnel of chaos. It's like, once you get a taste of it, you just can never, you can never get outta your mouth. So How many nights a week would you say that you're at the tunnel of chaos? Many, many nights a week almost. I was, I'm in town. I'm probably there.


You're Pretty good at it. I Was there last night. You you Did a good job for me. And big cats. We, we appreciate that. How crazy was that? It was Awesome. It was insane. It was so much fun. It was a, it was, I I thought Will and Taylor were, or especially Taylor was just like making things up. And then when we got there, it was a great dude's night. It was just like, guys playing blackjack together, having a great time. It It, it, it was, it was awesome. And everybody in your company that was there won that night. It was, yeah. I, we we were basically like, how much do you want? Yeah. He'll take 10 grand, put up the money. 10 grand man. He needs 30 grand. Hundred grand. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I think Titus was down like a hundred grand and battled his way back until he got 10 Grand Compton.


Compton was down like 300 k. He was, he was shitting himself. And you're just like, it's all right. We Got it. Yeah. That, that was, that was a war. Yeah, that one was a war. Yeah. Yeah. That one was a war Was the only one that, it wasn't easy. We didn't just clip off right away. We had to actually battle. Yeah. Yeah. So, so Dana, I, you were in the news this week. You just joined the board of Meta. First of all, what do you do on a board? I've always wanted to be on a board. I don't know what happens there, but what's, what's your job on a board? Well, that's where we differ. I never wanted to be on a board. I was never interested in it. And then, you know, when, when Mark called me, I like the idea of this, I like social media. I'm fascinated by it. I think it's the future of, of not just communication information, but I, I think it is, you know, it, it's the future of media and obviously AI is, is, is fascinating.


And he reached out to me, asked me if I would be interested. I was, and this was right after, so I literally was on vacation in Italy. I flew to the RNC in, in Milwaukee, spoke and flew right back to Italy. And when I landed, I went to dinner and, and, and Mark hit me and said, you got a minute to talk. And I said, yeah. And, and, and he, he asked me to, to be on the board and he said, you always seem to be on the right side of everything and my company needs a backbone. And I said, let, let me see what this entails. And, And we got into it and, and here we are. But my first board meeting was when I was on vacation during the Christmas break.


And you basically, you know, they, they, they'll pop up things that, you know, either questions or challenges that the company is facing and they asked the board to vote on it. Oh. I didn't even realize that. I didn't have what to do. Yeah, Yeah. So you, you just got brought in to like kick everybody's ass. Yeah. The backbone. That's pretty badass. We actually just, I've been on the board for like two weeks and, and I've already done, I've already done a lot of work in two weeks, let's put it that way. Yeah. It's, it's been, it's been very interesting so far. I got one of those so far so good. I like it. Yeah. I got one of those meta headsets and I, I mean, I, I can't get enough of being in the metaverse.


It's, it's insane. Right. The stuff that you can do. Are you planning on doing anything like that with, with the UFC? Like being in the ring as close to the ring as possible. Madison Getting that experience to a whole nother level. Like, like your sunglasses right now. You'll be able to do all, everything with your sunglasses on include and, and including watching content and Yeah, we are. Have you tried the bonding game yet? No, I haven't tried that one yet. I, I've mostly just done like flight sims, thrill Of the fight it's called. Okay. Thrill of the fight solutions. Play Thrill of the fight for a month and watch the shape you get in. Ooh. So actually I'll get jacked up. Yeah. I'm telling you, you'll get in sick shape.


Yeah. Okay. It's incredible. Alright. What are you doing for, for working out these days? You look like lean and mean. I, I met this guy three years ago. Completely changed my life. I, I, seriously, I'm not even, I feel like I'm 30 years old again. And every day I do this thing called the Superhuman Protocol, which is cold plunge, sauna, red light therapy, oxygen therapy. And I work out keto. I, I, I've, I've never felt better in my life. That's Awesome. What is it called? The superhuman Protocol. Superhuman Protocol, which is a, a group of things from oxygen therapy, red light therapy, cold plunge and sauna. How long, How long does that take? Yeah, Takes like an hour and 15 minutes. And so the whole working out and everything takes like two hour, 15 minutes a day.


And how long are we in the cold plunge for? Three minutes. Oh, that's not bad. That's it. I could do three minutes. Yes. Three minutes at 50 degrees, then you get in the sauna for 20 minutes at 180 degrees. Red light therapy for 20, oxygen therapy for 10. And then you do your workout. Mm. Wait, so you work out after all that shit? I thought that was the workout. I think it depends on the timing. Sometimes I do before and sometimes I do after. Okay. That's pretty intense. I would like, I gonna get it. I would just count that as my workout. Yeah. I, if I spend an hour, 15 minutes being a super superhuman protocol, then I have to go to the gym afterwards. That sounds like a lot. Yeah. But yeah, That sucks. I might try cold plunging. We'll see. But It shows you, you look awesome. Thanks. Listen, you have a lot a a lot, a a lot more time on your hands when you're unhealthy.


Believe me. Yeah. I have a lot more time when I, when I, when I was unhealthy and dying. Yeah. Yeah. So while we've got you here, I don't know if you've seen the Professional Dick Kicking League, have you? I've seen it. What Do you think about, is there, is there room for an investment there from UFC? Because I mean, that kind of takes power slap to the next level. Yeah. I, I think I'm good on that one. I'm, I'm good. I don't see much of a future in that. How is Power Slap going? Because it's, I mean, it's, it always goes viral. It's, it's crazy to watch some of those guys are just hammering on each other. The most successful business I've ever been a part of in such a short amount of time. Wow. That's crazy. Who's the go?


Who's the best? Well, We, we have champions in, in every division right now, but who's the best right now? I would have to say crazy. Yeah. Crazy Hawaiian. Yeah. The crazy Hawaiian is the best. Crazy. Anyway, I wouldn't wanna fuck with the crazy Hawaiian. No, I wouldn't wanna to get slapped. Hey, is is Conor McGregor ever gonna fight again for you? Eventually. Okay. Is he gonna fight against maybe Logan Paul? No, In, in India. KSI in India? No, no, no. Hopefully Conor McGregor returns in the, in the fall Okay. Of this Year. Okay. Because I mean, that would, we're we're all looking for it. It would be, it would be very fun to watch him back in there. I know we missed it, you know, last time, but we want, we wanna see Connor back in there.


Are you gonna do I I went to a couple shows at the Sphere. Are you gonna go back to the sphere? It looked incredible. I like it's, it's the, it's the most incredible place in terms of concerts and venues. Are you gonna try to go back to the sphere? It's so badass. I I I love the sphere and, and and anybody that's watching, if your, if your favorite band ever ends up at the sphere, you have to experience it there. I I just went and saw the Eagles. It was so good. Yeah. Yeah. So good. And, and no, I'll never go back to the sphere. Why? Well, It just wasn't worth it. It was a No, it was totally worth it. Yeah. But it was a one and done for me. It's very expensive. And the difference between, you know, a musical group going in there, they'll go in for two months.


Right. So they amortize the cost of doing the show over two months. I went in there and spent 20 million bucks on one night. Right. So that makes sense. But it was awesome. It was an unbelievable experience. I did it first. I don't know if anybody else will ever do it. And, and what I thought was cool, I don't know if it was EDC or, but it was one of those, like music, the agents did it and I saw stuff on, on, on the, on Instagram. It looked incredible. Right. Why go out in the fucking middle of the desert when you could go in and do it at the sphere? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, those are two venues I really want to get to is Red Rocks and then see a, see a band at the Sphere. But yeah, the sphere looks like it would just break your brain in a good way.


Yeah, no, it, the sphere is a very, very cool experience. So anybody who's listening, believe me when I tell you, seen it all. If your favorite band ends up at the sphere, pay the money, fly out to Vegas and, and go check it out. Yeah. Yeah. I Agree. Do you ever, you ever hang out with Mark Davis in Vegas? You guys ever hit the town together? I just ran into him the other night at dinner. I saw him the other night. He was out at dinner with Jim Gray. I ran into those two and yeah, every time I see Mark, I I I, I go hang And we shoot the shit for a while and he's a good dude. Yeah. Yeah. We you have any idea what the Raiders are gonna be up to? I Don't, I I I didn't ask him any of that stuff. No. Yeah. Yeah. We ran into it. You know what's crazy? You, you, you know the whole story about where, where, you know, I tried to get Brady to go play for the Raiders.


Yeah. And it actually started to happen and then the deal imploded and then he goes to Tampa Bay and, and wins the Super Bowl down there. And then now he ends up owning a piece of the Raiders. Yeah. It's just such a crazy story. Yeah. Yeah. Why don't are, would you ever own a piece of an NFL team? Or is that just not for you? Nah, I'm, I'm, I'm not really into that. I, I, I like, I, I like finding sports that, that nobody else believes in. In, yeah. Yeah. So what, do you have any big plans for this summer? What's, what's next for the UFC? Yeah, we, you know, we're gonna cruise around And we we're going to places. We got Saudi Arabia coming up in on February 1st. We're doing Power Slap and UFC there.


We are going back to Seattle. We haven't been to Seattle in a long time. We're heading back to Miami. We got March, we got London, England, we got Saudi Arabia and Sydney, Australia back to back. So I'm going to Saudi and then going straight from there to Sydney. A lot of traveling, a lot of places we haven't been in a long time. That's Awesome. Is there one country that you've been to that you were surprised just how nuts they are for the UFC? Oh, I, I mean, you have to experience a, a, a fight in, in the uk you have to experience it once in your life. It's the, the, the fans are just different over there, man. It's, it, it's, it's very cool. Yeah. When Patty, when when Dave went over there to watch Patti fight, I was just like, goddammit, I wish I had gone because that looks so incredible.


A hundred percent. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it's a, it's a very cool experience. Plus like, when you go, when I started going to London in 2001, the food sucked over there. The food was absolutely fucking brutal. Now in London, the food is off the charts. It's completely flipped that it's, it's, it's a great place to go.


All Right. Yeah. They fixed the food in London. Alright, so Dana, I had one last question again. UF C3 11 this Saturday night perfect timing. Right after the NFL games tune in. It's like wall to wall sports. There's nothing better. My last question's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com. Promo code take, you said in December that you are gonna do something. You have something in the works that you, we will never see fucking see coming for 2025. Can you give us just a hint? What's, what's in the works?


We'll, never, I mean, I guess I never expected you to be on the meta board. Oh, does that count? That Wasn't it. Okay. All right. What about, no, I don't expect that. I didn't, I didn't see that coming either. What about Oiling yourself out? Yeah, We saw that coming. Okay. I, I definitely don't see that coming. Okay. What about Using your power on the board? Get Zuck and Elon in the octagon? Oh, Actually, you know, when, when that was, when that was really being talked about and when I was like negotiating that deal, that was actually one of the, one of the, one of the coolest experiences of my career. That was fun. Every night I was on the phone with either one of them talking about, and then we started talking about the coliseum in Rome. And we, and I seriously had a conference call with, with, with, you know, the, the, the, the government in Rome to, to, to try to make that happen.


That was all legit. That was, that was real and that was fun. So who did, but what I was talking about in December. Yeah. I I I would imagine it's probably gonna happen and it's gonna happen in the fall, a fight that I'm working on. Oh. And we'll never see it coming. Nope. Oh man. Now I'm gonna look for it coming. Yeah. Now we're looking everywhere. Can you give us a hint? That's your hint. Okay. What that's gonna take place in the fall. Yeah. I still think it's you oiling yourself up. That's just my guess. You, I fucking, I'll give you great odds that that's not it. If you can bet on that one. If I guess it will you gimme a million bucks right Now?


I don't even know what the fuck that means. Oil yourself up. Just oil up, dude. Just oil up. Yes. If you, if you, if you guess it, I'll give you a million dollars in Cash right now. Okay. Alright. My guess is Don Jr. Versus Hunter Biden. Yeah. No, you lose. Oh shit. Okay. All my guess. Oh man. Mm mm Let's go with Dave Portnoy v Roger Goodell. Ooh, that's a good one. You lose too. Okay. But If you put that on, you owe a million, you owe, owe a million If you put either of those fights on.


That's right. That's right. Okay. If either of those happen, I, I'll gladly pay you a million. Okay. All right. Done. I mean, that's a great promotion because now for the next like nine months, I'm just gonna be thinking about what I'm not gonna see coming. Yeah. Yeah. Just look over my shoulder all the time. We're Never gonna see it coming. All right. So you FC three 11 Saturday night. Everyone tune in. Dana, thank you so much for joining us, man. We love having you on and hopefully we see you soon. Thanks For having me, boys. Take care. Yeah.


Guys On Chicks is brought to you by a Roxon. Let's talk about the elephant in the room. Erectile dysfunction. One in four men, 18 years and older experience ed, which means that you or someone close to you might be experiencing it. A roxon is the first of its kind. Ed treatment gel with clinically proven results that you can get over the counter to maximize intimacy. You can use it with your partner during foreplay, leading up to sex. And it's clinically proven to work within 10 minutes if you desire deeper connections and better outcomes. Roxon is the answer. See if it's right for you. Roxon is available in stores and online. It's over the counter. Visit a roxon.us to learn more. That's E-R-O-X-O-N us to learn more.


Alright, let's finish up. We got Guys On Chicks. My husband and his group of friends all have something called a Burner account on X, the everything app. They all think it's hilarious and are constantly referring to each other in public as their burner nicknames. At night, my husband will be cackling at his phone in bed and I'll ask what's up? And he responds. Things like just checking in on the burner verse. He said, I'm not allowed to follow him because it's his me time. And every time I look at his page, he and his buddies are just trolling people, like fans of other teams and people who don't like Kaitlyn Clark. What is going on? And should I be concerned? Is this weird? No, it's awesome. No, it's weird. Yeah. If you have a burner, cut 'em out forever. I got, I got into the burner life a few years ago. I only did for like two months.


I had a burner account. And it's liberating. You can say whatever you want. The, the like SEC burner verse that's, that goes crazy. Just like fans of different teams that all kind of, the only thing I don't understand is they respond to each other and they like will write their fake name and like, like it's almost a letter. I never got that. Like, they'll be like, hope you're doing well and then sign it like Reginald. Yeah. But yeah, I mean he's just having, he's just fucking around online. Yeah. It's Like a diary for guys. If your diary was only meant to piss other people Off, also do not try to find it or follow 'em because you will not be happy With what he said. Well the thing is they don't, they don't show likes anymore.


Yeah, true. So you can get away with a lot more in the burner. True. Yeah. Some of the burners though are getting like very, well, there's some that are getting, like they say like really crazy shit, like racist shit. But there's also some that are getting, like it's, I love watching the burners because when you get a little bit of following, you can tell when the burner wants to also have a little bit of fame and so they like dip their toe in. Like they'll, they'll tweet pictures that like you could, someone could potentially be like, I know where that is. Yeah. And it's like a very tricky situation. That's fun to watch. Yeah. I mean it's, I think it's healthy to have an outlet for some things, but I don't like the verified burner accounts. It's not a true burner if you have a check mark. Yeah, those get confusing. Yeah. You shouldn't, you shouldn't verify your alt.


But I was just thinking about the Costco guys, how are they gonna be affected by the TikTok ban and also how deep does This, we're in trouble. Yeah. How deep does this go? We know that it's a money game in Washington DC How many of these congress people are taking money from Walmart and they know that Costco's getting all this free advertisement on TikTok? Mm. From the Walmart? Mm, from the, from the Costco guys. So they're trying to ban TikTok to take out that big marketing stream that they got going on. These are Good points I Think. I think the Costco guys might be single-handed re single-handedly responsible for the government trying to ban TikTok. There Are Walmart guys now. Yeah, but they don't do it for me. No, They do it for me. They're, it's like anti comedy.


They don't even know what they're doing. Okay, next one Big. My fiance doesn't ever make a move on me and if he does, he says he needs to take a peek at my V, which creeps me out. How can I tell him to stop doing that and actually seduce me like a normal person. What? When you take a peek at your V, Ugh. What I mean you're in too deep. You're fucking Fiance. Yeah. Engaged To be wed What peek at your V? So this probably happened in like right off the bat. She was like, sure he has other moves that he'll show. What the hell?


Yeah. This one creeps me out. I think you got to, with a guy like this, you have to be very direct and you have also like that maybe give him some suggestions of things that you can say. Yeah. What do you say? Like I don't know that I get turned on by straight V. No, You don't get turned on by V. Just looking at VI do. No, I need some B with the V. Listen hand up. I love vaginas. Yeah, But it's, I do too. But like if I just showed you a picture, you, it sound like You did, you're either an AB V guy or A-B-B-A-V guy. A, B, A V, boobs ass V. Like the question is not ascertain.


It's it's Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. People aren't like it's A or B. Yeah. Ascertains vagina A, B or V. I'm a brain's guy. I respect a woman's brains. But if you look at like a full nude that has some V, it looks better than that's okay. But like a zoomed in V. Yeah. No thing. Yeah. Zoomed in VI don't think that zoomed in full D would look good. You're not zooming in on the on the V first. So sometimes, sometimes you look at the V. Why do you guys hate V so much? I don't. For Me it's like the V is a buffalo wing and And the B'S are are blue ranch, the A is celery. Mm. Altogether it's a beautiful picture. I don't think though, like isn't this a, like when dudes send chicks dick pics, chicks are like, what the hell is it like just a, a solo dick pic is like, that doesn't do Anything for girls.


Again, thing chicks aren't sending V pics. They're sending B and A pics With some VI don't know where the all this anti V bias came. It's not anti V, it's just, it's a standalone entity. You don't just zoom in on a V just like a dick. A V video, Just like a picture of your balls would be not good. Well that's Because like dick's and balls are objectively gross and God bless women. I don't know how you put that stuff in your mouth vs. Are just fantastic. Yes. These are beautiful. These are great. I love feeling vs. I never like, I wanna see that. I like wow. Just, I don't wanna just look at it. I'm not looking at V damn. I could look at a at Bs and a's all day, but I don't wanna just like stare at a V. Right. I want to experience it.


It's context. Yeah. There needs to be context. Yeah. Yeah. Weird guy. Okay. Yeah. The peak at the V is, that's like a child. Yeah. I need to see your V is crazy. Peak At Your V is worse. Yeah. I'm in quite the predicament with my girlfriend. I'm a massive Ohio state football fan and Ravens fan. Last weekend was a huge weekend for me as I had the semi-finals for our state wild card game for the Ravens both nights. My girlfriend made me go out on dates with her where I was barely able to see either of the games. I was trying to watch my phone, but she wouldn't let me. Yikes. Next weekend is obviously a little bigger for me now that I have divisional Ravens bills game in Ohio State National Championship.


My girlfriend wants to go away to a cabin. No, this is not real. No. My girlfriend wants to go away to the long weekend, but I refuse to miss these games. Please help me find a way outta this so I can watch my favorite sports teams in the playoff and hopefully win a national dumper. Dude, these are the two. I mean, you have those in what, 24 hours? 'cause it's the late game on Sunday and then the national championship the next day. Yeah. If And if you can't get playoff football, like if you can't negotiate a deal for playoff football, right. You're already in Right. You're like, you're, you're you're too far gone. Yeah. I think you gotta fake being sick. This doesn't sound like think you should just say it doesn't sound like a long term. I'll, I'll say it. Say, I'll say it. This. This does not sound like a good relationship. Yeah. You that you're gonna want to be in for a long time.


Yeah. This is, these are meaningful games for me. I'm not going into a cap. Unless the cabin has TV V then Then you can't and No, but think about, think about if you're a Ohio State Ravens fan, like two Dates. I know One is, is is, you know, that's a settlement. Like I'll go on one, but I'm watching the other one. Right. No, you can, if you're Getting settled for, you're getting forced into two dates. This is not real. I like, this is not real. No. They said going to a long weekend in a cabin After two Dates. Oh. Oh, I missed the two dates part. The two dates last weekend. Oh, Both nights. My girlfriend made me go out and date her. Wait, that's how, Where I was barely able to see either of the games. I was trying to watch my phone, but she wouldn't let me. Oh Yeah. You're in trouble dude. Get out. The Problem, the deep underlying issue is she doesn't understand your interests.


Yeah. Yeah. This is a pretty big time of year for those interests. Yeah. That's bad. Yeah. I I think if you really, really like her, fake being sick, be like, I gotta stay home 'cause I'm puking. Like, act like it's, you're in elementary school and you, you're trying to miss a test. Heat up the thermometer Say, but that's just a, that's a, that's a say. You'll cut dick. That's a bandaid on a, on a flesh wound. Say you'll cut your dick off. If Notre Dame wins, then she has interest in. Sounds Like she might be into that. Yeah, True, true. She'd be like, great. Okay. Is that it? Yeah. All right. Good. Show boys. The good show V. Good show numbers. Five memes. Do you think you're ever gonna get this one day and that day's today?


Oh no. I'm never gonna be. Okay. Give it to us. 48. Okay. 11. I don't know where I got that from. Oh, oh 3 36. Come on man. You could have taken three. Yeah, that, that'll honestly hurt my nose. This kid's been in my TikTok comic section saying 36. This is your, this is your bed. This is your moment. Fucking loser. 60. Oh, the boys missed it. All right, come back in. Let's do it again. This one will count. This one will count. Oh Shane, we haven't talked to you. Shane, did you go to the game? Oh, Shane's wearing a charger Sweatshirt too. Yeah, it's Shane. Shane, you didn't go to the game did you?


Did you go to the game? What's up? Did you go to the game? No, I was, I was on the IR flu symptoms. Okay, so real quick, just thoughts on chargers. I'm trying not to think about 'em. Okay. Yeah. You're wearing a sweatshirt. You're wearing a charger Sweatshirt. Yeah. Well that's just wardrobe. It's all you has. Yeah. I have to keep myself warm. Bu Chicago winter. Did you bum yourself out when you put it on? You're like, I mean you just put on and you're like, ah, fuck. I, when I saw it, like I was about to put it on, I was like, someone's probably gonna say shit to me today. Yeah. And it's 10 in the morning and they already did. It's 1130. Yeah, It's 1130 in the morning. Damn.


Alright. Numbers with all the boys, everyone's here. I'll stick with 5 36. I'll go with numbers. Three memes. What was the number you just picked? 48. Alright, I'll go 48 94 pug. 23. 2111. What did I pick? Memes? 48. Oh 40. Fuck. Oh man. So close on. It's my, it's one of my numbers. Love.