
Hey Pardon. my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music. On today's part of my take, we're talking football. College Football NFL. Monday Night Doubleheader. We got Booger McFarland on the show talking both. We're also gonna get into some playoff baseball 'cause it's playoff baseball time. We actually start the show on Zoom for the first 10 minutes, talking playoff baseball. Then we're back in the studio talking all the football.


We got Hot. Seat. Cool Terone, we got F FAQs, we got everything. Great fun show for everyone and it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. Td Tudy taking it to the house in for six. whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure Touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sportsbook An official sports book. partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or defense. We. Don't care how they score em. We want to bet on touchdowns and DraftKings Sports book is delivering Ready to place your first bet Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Or. how many tds will be in a game? Go to the DraftKings Sports Book app and Make your pick Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $200 in Bonus bets instantly. Score big with Draftking Sportsbook the number one place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Bonus beds expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go. Hey, Football guy. Pardon My. Take. Yeah, Pardon My Take. Welcome to Pardon My Take presented by DraftKings Download, the DraftKings Sports Book app and news code take, that's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, October 2nd, and PFT.


The New York Mets might be a team of destiny. The Destiny. Yeah. Yeah. It feels that way, doesn't it? So it does. They're like a fun team. They're playing for each other. They're emotional out there. People are crying. It, it's, it's hard to say if we're power ranking teams of destiny right now, I would say the Mets would probably be the leader in the clubhouse. Yeah, because they, you know, they have the saying they have the OMG that they're running around the rallying cry they have. Monday was one of the most dramatic, you know, last days of the regular season, the Braves and the Mets had to play in a double header.


If they split the games, they both go into the playoffs. If one team sweeps, the other team is out. It looked like I, so we have a lot of Mets fans that we know, a lot of Mets fans, we work with Memes is a Mets fan. He's, he's not here right now, he's out for a couple days. But I think seeing like our, our colleague Meek Phil Cry, people were making fun of him being like, dude, they just clinched a wild card spot. But that's not knowing the Mets history going into Monday, I think most Mets fans were fearing the embarrassment and dread of somehow losing both games. Especially in a situation where the second game will not matter whatsoever to the team that wins the first game.


And the Mets were down and lifeless. They come all the way back then the Braves come back, then the Mets come back And. it was just like Lin do who's who's, you know, should, should get heavy consideration for MVP even though he plays in the same league as show A, the Mets might be a team of destiny. And our guy Max is scared. He thinks the Mets will just never lose again, even though they technically lost the second game. 'cause they were just swinging at everything and they didn't give a fuck and they were just trying to get out of there. Yeah. The going into that game, the, the rules that were set into place by Major League Baseball were so funny because you had the opportunity And, it actually ended up happening where both teams would get in at the end of the day. So they were not allowed to have a champagne celebration for the Mets after the first game was over.


They had to wait until after the second game. And then we had double champagne celebrations. I think that they should have let the Mets celebrate their win. They should have been able to get drunk. Is there something in the rules about not being able to play baseball when you're drunk? That would've been funny to watch in the second game. And then, so they had that rule in place and then the manager of the Mets said that maybe after the games are over, they'll just, instead of doing a celebration in their own locker rooms, they'll just go out and hug on the field. They'll hug the other team. So I was rooting for the hug, basically, just because it was a, a frank, the Tank Fanfic come to life where the Mets manager was actually saying, let's hug the Braves and celebrate them and their victories and their successes. But yeah. Max, I was actually curious too, because looking at the playoff bracket, I would, I would imagine that you do not want to play the Mets if you had your choice.


Is that true? I've been rooting against the Mets. I, I wanted nothing more than, than to play any team. But the Mets going into yesterday and like the way everything has gone in the past two days, it's like I don't, I I have zero confidence in that series. Yeah, they're exactly the team that you do not want to face in the playoffs. We haven't needed to play like meaningful baseball in a month. They, every single game has been down to the wire for them. They go down, they come back. Even in the Brewers game today, they went down twice, came back twice, and they keep having clutch hit after clutch hit. It's the exact team that gets out at the end of September that it just doesn't matter who they play, they're gonna, they're gonna win.


And the Phillies haven't played meaningful baseball like all year. Big Cat, Hey Max, turn your headphones off. I'm worried. I'm worried that her boy's learning because Old Max would've been like, they're the Mets, fuck 'em. We'll beat the fuck out of the Mets. The fact that he's got this trepidation that he's a little insecure that I don't like that I want Max to get back to like fuck him, said No. But the Mets are, they're playing great ball right now. And this is the scariest part about postseason baseball is it's just so, it's simultaneously the longest, most torturous thing you can watch. And also the quickest thing that can happen because like even the wild card round, especially tomorrow, there will probably be two out of four of those teams, maybe three out of four, maybe all four out of the playoffs.


And it happened like that. Like the brewers, I know Brewers fans are sitting there like, not again. I, this happens every year where we're good and then we get there and it's just instant. So even in the, the DS when it's a five game series, you can just be done in a matter of like three or four days and just, it, it makes no sense because you watch this, you watch six months of baseball and then boom, it's over. So I understand where Max is coming from. The Mets look really good. Yeah, I would be nervous hour max. I'd be very nervous hour max because that was that, that Monday game felt like it, it let, it did feel like going into that game, the fan base especially maybe not the team was feeling the pressure of this will be so embarrassing if we lose two games when the second game doesn't matter.


And the way they won the first game with Lin do just being an absolute clutch monster of a hitter. It just, it makes you play free and the Mets are playing free and they dominated the brewers. They jumped all over the brewers today. I wonder if if Mets fans are, are pissed off that they had to listen to our boy Christian Yellich talk about the game. Yeah. That was given some Jason Kelsey vibes during Monday night Football. Yeah, but we love Christian. We do love Christian. Yeah, it was, the Mets just jumped all over him. Did you also see there's a, what was the, I saw it somewhere. There's a, the Mets called up a dude who's like, do they call up? I gotta find it. I gotta find it.


But either way. Yeah. Mets look good. The Tigers need a lot of credit. Right. What Mrs. Met looking right, MI ms Met looking voluptuous. That's he did not Nerf Mrs. Met. That's a body built for October. Yeah. Yeah. The, so the, the Tigers too. Like we have just great stories right now in October. Te Kubel, who's a Cy Young, shout out that a WL I've said it on the show, I'll find the tweet when he actually officially wins it, but he's gonna win it. Who handed me an envelope in Detroit when we were at the NFL draft and he walked away, he just handed me the envelope and walked away. And I was like, what the fuck is this?


I open up the envelope. In the envelope is a piece of paper that says Te Kubel Cy Young, take it right now. Four 50 to four plus four 50. I gotta have four plus 400. I bet it instantly. I've never done that Blind Trust in this dude who just handed the envelope. He's gonna win the Cy Young. He was an absolute beast. What'd you say? You've blind trusted people before. Well, blind, trusted, never an envelope. Yeah. Spin zone. Usually just people just hand me. Yeah. They just say things and I just bet it, but like an envelope felt official. It was like he was, he was handing something that was like very official that he wrote down Who, who has envelopes? Like, I don't even, where the fuck would you get an envelope these days?


Yeah, He was, that was actually owes the Mentalist that did it. Yeah. Nailed it again. I mean, it was great. Bet it was. Shout out to that guy. I gotta find him and I gotta buy him something so I will buy him something. It's the guy can prove it. I'll figure out through my tweets if I can figure out like the, if I took a picture with him or something. But he was an absolute beast in Houston today. Just Hoss like there, there's something about those top of the rotation tosses where they just get on the mound and they just absolutely dominate and shove. And that's what he did to the Astros today. And, it felt good. It, it looked good. It felt good. Tigers fans have had not, have not had a lot to be excited about recently.


And this team has kind of come outta nowhere. They were building something, but this is like a little early awesome win. Hopefully, hopefully they can beat the Astros. No one's rooting for the Astros. Yeah. So I, I have no idea how the Tigers did this this season. They're the youngest team in baseball, I think, I think by a pretty significant margin. So they were not, they were not penciled into this spot at all. I think what happened was they stopped playing Javier Baez and Javi got hip surgery and Javi in his contract that might be, it's probably the worst contract in baseball right now. So he's out for the rest of the season and then they started winning games and their young guys stepped up and, and to me, if you were to make one argument for another team of Destiny, it would be the Tigers.


Yeah. Yeah. The, I, I know how they did it. My guy Scott Harris is the, is the GM in baseball? I think he's president of baseball ops there. Fucking super smart dude. He was one, I don't know if you remember the story. He was like, he was kind of theo's whipping boy for a while in Chicago where like they were, there was a story that came out when the Cubs made their run that they would make him eat a loaf of bread every time they needed a rally in Theo and Jed's suite. But then he also, I wrote a blog about him when he got, he was like 26 years old and he got promoted to like vp like, like vice president GM ex or assistant GM or something. And I wrote a whole blog being like, this guy's a fucking overachieving piece of shit.


Like you can't be 26 and be the assistant gm. And then I happened, I had a, like a mutual friend and I ended up meeting him like a few months later. He is like, Hey, I read that blog And. it was the first time where I was like, oh yeah, IGI guess things I do say probably people hear these so great dude though. I became friends with him. He's, he's a genius and he's got the tigers in the right direction. I I love the idea that the Cubs had like that kid at the lunch table. This guy will eat anything and I gotta find it now. It's like a, it's like Billy Bats and, and Joe Pesci, right? Yeah. It's like, I dunno if you, I dunno if you know, but I don't try and choose no more. You were gone time. Maybe you didn't find out. I think it was John Greenberg who wrote the story, but it was, it was a great story where, yeah, he basically like, they just handed him bread every time and they were like, Hey, here you go.


We need some runs. So go start eating some bread. But yeah, the Tigers are a great story. The Royals are a great story. The Orioles are, I'm starting to feel bad for Orioles fans. That's nine straight playoff losses. They've had nine straight and I, I looked it up. So I was, I was trying to figure out if it was exactly nine straight. And I, you know, you know, every now and then, like for College Football they'll do like wind ITpedia and you can see like the history of a rivalry. So I searched like Orioles playoff history And, it got me to a, a website that's called Champ or Chump And. it grades each franchise, major sports franchise and the fan experience for the last 10 years.


And the Orioles fans, they get a d plus. You get a d plus if you were a fan of the Orioles for the last 10 years. Yeah, I mean there's always that Zach Brit game where he was nowhere to be found. It was at the start of their losing streak. Or was that, that might have been the start of it. Well, they got swept by the Royals in 2014 and then they went and they lost a one game when it was still a one game wild card to the Rangers. They got swept last year, or sorry to the Blue Jays. They got swept last year and they've lost this year. So yeah, that's, that's, that's nine straight. And they just, I feel like, I don't know. I I mean I, I like the Orioles. I, I like those guys are awesome on the team.


The young guys on that team that came through the office earlier in the season. Orioles fans can tell me I'm way off. It feels like the Orioles, whatever their hitting coach, they need a new hitting coach because it feels like every time they're in a big moment, they're all just swinging for the fences and hoping they hit a home run. And you've said it a million times. PF D, small ball wins. Small ball. Mike Socialism. Yeah, bring it back. It's great. Pete Rose would be disgusted by the Baltimore Orioles. Yeah. Swing down at the ball line drives ground balls. Those can be hits. Pop flies can't. Yeah. So, and then what was the other, oh, the Padres in the, it it was the Padres in in the Braves. Who? The Braves, I mean they, they had to fly all, all the way across the country and then they pitched Hank, what were you saying?


They pitched like a nobody. Yeah, they started the broadcast being like, this guy hasn't pitched in 157 days. He's 21 years old. He was in college not too long ago. You could tell he was nervous. And then I think his fifth pitch was like, hit into the upper deck. Yeah. Tiz Tiz went yard today. And the moonshot that he hit, I know it just got done talking about how you shouldn't swing up at bowls, which statistically probably isn't true given the way the baseball's gone recently. But Tiz hit a ball. I looked it up. It was 39 degree launch angle a moonshot. That's the, that's the biggest launch angle to be a home run in the history of major league baseball since they've been keeping track. So that thing went like straight up.


It was, and Tatis is a, a fucking monster to watch. That dude is awesome. He is, he is. And And obviously it was 'cause of the, you know, they played yesterday, they were trying to get in, but it started, it started before that going, yeah, it was supposed to be Chris sale, but he's not available. So instead they have this 21-year-old kid that like hasn't pitched in the major leagues. Dude, What happened with Chris sale? He just, he had like back spasms or something or, or his, something was fucked up where he just, it happened at noon yesterday because he was supposed to pitch the second game. And. it must win. And now all of a sudden he's just not even pitching. It's nuts. Yeah. Yeah. The Braves just get these type of injuries. I don't know by the way, I found the, the, the anecdote, it's actually from Wright Thompson, our good friend.


This is from an article in 2016. So this is Scott Harris who is basically the mastermind in, in running the Detroit Tigers who are a great story in these playoffs. So it says Wright Thompson wrote a Cubs winning streak grows to 11 games halfway through the home series against the Cardinals in August on a Saturday. Epstein and baseball ops guys gather in sweet 33 to watch the team try to win a third straight from St. Louis. The world up there has its own set of rules and superstitions and central to the canon is this. If the team needs offense, Theo makes Scott Harris, the director of baseball operations, take out a loaf of plain bread and start eating when Harris eats carbs. The Cubs score. You eat like this, this is, you take this bread, boy, come over here, boy you eat this bread Like a frat house.


Yeah, That's So that guy, that guy guy. I trust him. Theo too. Yeah, maybe Theo was right to do this. Maybe Theo knows something about developing talent. That guy Scott Harris is, is head of everything in the Tiger's. I hope he's still eating the bread for the Tigers 'cause they're gonna need some runs. But yeah, it's a cool baseball story. And he is a great dude. He's a great dude. So I'm happy for Tigers fans. Also, this is the second time in 2024 when Michigan sports fans have had an incredible weekend. Michigan Sports are on top of the Two like great days in a row back. It was, was it the Lions Wild Card victory and Michigan National Championship. Yeah. From like back to back days. And now you've got the Lions dominating Monday Night football, which we'll talk about in a second.


And then the Tigers winning a playoff game. Good for you. Michigan. Yeah. Michigan's on top. Michigan's on top. And the Royals are also a great story because I just like teams that haven't been in in a while. Yeah. It's always great to get new, the new faces in into the playoffs. And the Royals are one of those where they've had an unbelievable season. They got some fucking studs. Playoff baseball's the best though. It's like these first days when it's just wall to wall baseball and every moment feels so intense. I just, you love it. So is it bad for the teams that get the buys that they have to just sit around and get outta rhythm? Because back in the day, you know what they used to do? They used to schedule like meaningless games against exhibition teams.


They would have scrimmage. No, they play each other. Yeah, they play each other. They, they play themselves. Like Garrett Cole, there was a clip of Garrett Cole Go someone taking him yard at Yankee Stadium today. But PFTI don't wanna say you're sounding like a Dodgers fan, but you're sounding like a Dodgers fan right now. 'cause that's no Dodgers 1 0 1. I'm in, I'm in favor of post-season chaos. I'm in favor of a team winning like 130 games and then getting swept in a series. Yeah, that's Dodgers 1 0 1 being like, well it's actually a detriment that we don't get to play this first, these first three days. And that's why we lose and it's not fair. And they should just give, they should basically do it. Like the EPL whoever wins the most games gets to win the World Series.


They don't play the playoffs. Yeah, they should, they should just do it based on whichever player had the highest war during the regular season. Yeah. Wins over play. We'll do it all based on math. Yeah. Yeah. So Max, just going back, you're you're, you're done. You're not even gonna watch. No, just expectations are very low. Oh, That's so sad. The bank dude. The Bank. I know, I know the bank. Game one, game one on the NFL Sunday. No. Game two. No Game game two's on the NFL Sunday game. One game. One game. One game one Saturday's. Must I, I'll tell you this right now, game one is must win. Oh, look at our, he moves. He's all grown up. He's all grown, grown up. He Moves at the bank Saturday with Wheeler pitching it.


It may as you may as well not watch the rest of the series. This, This is a seminal moment in Pardon My, Take history because Max, it feels like he's finally been beaten down by us and this show that he's going game one must win. And I have to agree. You have to win. You can't lose that game. He's Afraid. I'm also just, I'm not like, I'm just assuming that the Mets win tomorrow. And it doesn't even, I'm just assuming Mets, like, if it's a Mets game, one must win if it's a brewer. I don't, I don't like this Max. I'm telling you like the he's learned too much. Yeah. We've, we've beaten him down too much. He's, he's already saying must win on a game one.


We usually don't break out the must win thing till like it's one, one, it's a game three or something, and then we get you in a whole pickle. But you just, you're throwing up the white flag right now. Every game's a must win. It's all the weddings he's been going, he's got too much perspective on life now. So Max, lemme ask you a question. If you lose game one, it's over, right? You don't even play game two. No. We would obviously play game two, but Oh, so then it's not a must win. So you'd still have series left. I mean, I'm just saying for vi like vibes, if we lose game one, then like my expectations are low right now. If we lose game two, it'll just be like, ah, whatever this, We're just watching baseball for fun.


But you're, but you're saying that like, there will be a game two, Right? You said must win. So I assume that there would just never be a game after that because you wouldn't do a must win if there's, if there's still four games in the series left. No. Yeah, you guys are trying, I don't know what you guys are trying to paint this picture you're trying to paint right now, but I'm gonna say that game ones must win. Why don't you? Sounds like We're just playing our Uno. Here's the thing though, big guy. It sounds like Max doesn't trust in his guys. Yeah. And the One thing about Max, you Love his guy. I guy. That's because they just keep letting me down every time. Yeah. You don't Love your guys anymore. You don't love your guys. Max Love just played a little Uno reverse on you there. I don't know if you you realize that, but this is gonna be fun.


This is October. This is my favorite thing. Should we talk, you know what? De Kembe Mutombo I feel like needs to Des deserves a rest in peace before Pete Rose. 'cause Dikembe Mutombo was an all time guy. Basketball player, recurring guest was like a thrill. I remember when we had Dikembe on, he was, it was one of those ones where it was like, this is an all time thrill and he did not disappoint. He was exactly as I expected and just as funny and gregarious as I expected. And that was really sad to see that he passed away on Monday. The voice was incredible when we got to talk to him. I mean, you, you'll never forget that. I saw a clip of when he was on Conan O'Brien show and Conan made him suck a helium balloon and start talking.


It was great. Yeah. Dikembe great person, intimidating ass basketball player. Just go watch highlights, compilations of Dikembe, just blocking shots, wagging his finger. That that's what started the whole taunting thing. Yeah, that's, I, that's the first thing I can remember where ref stepped in and had to be like, no, it's too emasculating to do this to your opponent. He would swat their shot and then he would wag his finger in their face and they told him, okay, you're allowed to wag your finger, but you can't wag it at them. You can just like hold it up in the air and wag it. Yeah. And, and then it's all gone to shit since then. But yeah, to get Mutombo awesome defensive player, I always remember that, that nugget series where he was crying, holding the ball afterwards behind His head, on the ground, behind His head.


It was so good. All time. All time. Guy. Yeah. RIP And then Pete Rose also passed away. Way better baseball player than human. But Pete Rose, I mean he, listen, I'm a believer that he should be in the Hall of Fame because I think the Hall of Fame should have everyone in it. Any, any incredible player you put, you tell the whole story. Tell the whole story of baseball steroids, guys. Pete Rose, everything. He should have been in the Hall of Fame. I feel like they might put him in after he passed, which would be a little bit of a shame in my eyes. But he Said he didn't want to go in after, after he died. He said, Well now he doesn't have a choice. The celebration is is for your family and your friends and you want to be there to witness all of it.


I understand that perspective. But also he also got, he got a late suspension and that's over. He had a lifetime suspension. Yeah. The lifetime's Over. It's over. It's over. But yeah, P Rose, I mean one of the best baseball players of all time. I mean, yeah. How, what, 4,000 something hits and 4 256 hits. Here's a crazy stat, I read this tonight. He had 3,125 singles. That's more than Babe Ruth had hits. He had more singles than Babe Ruth had hits over his career. Cool. Which is crazy. And also just looking up crazy stats, I just searched for some Pete Rose stats and that led me to a Barry Bond stat that I feel like we should just throw in here because it's a fun fact.


Okay. Barry Bonds, did you know, he has more intentional walks than the entire Tampa Bay raises organization in their history. That's amazing. Yeah. I love that stat. And this is the last time we can say that because he's got I think, three more intentional walks than the Rays do. So next season that stat's not gonna be around anymore. Yeah. The Pete Rose, he was, we always try, we tried to get him on a few times. I think he wanted money, which I understand that was the Pete Rose game also Hall of Fame gambler. I think he has to be at that. He should be in the Hall of Fame easily. The story goes obviously in 2002, I believe he had a, like a, a private under the radar meeting with Bud Selig basically being like, how can I get my lifetime band taken away?


How can I get in the Hall of Fame? And Bud Seig was like, you have to apologize for it. You have to completely disassociate from gambling. You have to not do any of that stuff. You have to show true remorse. And apparently the story goes that Pete Rose took the meeting, agreed to all these things, and literally just walked right into a casino. Yeah. And. it was just like, that's it. Like that's it. I believe it. Yeah. 100 gambler Pete Rose, he was an all time example of how not to apologize for stuff. Yeah. So he, he probably would be in the Hall of Fame if he had admitted when he was caught. Yeah, I bet on games. And I bet on games that I was, I was managing and that's just what happened.


So instead of doing that, he said, I never bet on baseball. I think he said Never bet on sports first. And he said, never bet on baseball afterwards. Then it was, I never bet on game. I never bet on baseball games that I was managing. And then he was like, well, I never bet on games that I was managing and bet on us to lose. I always bet on us to win. So he did bet on games that they manage. He, there was one more step he could have gone, which is yes, I did be bet on baseball games that I managed and I bet on us to lose, but I lost those bets. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. If he had gone that far, that was like the last thing that he, that he didn't ever get around to saying. But he had a hard time admitting his problems. Yeah.


And it is. Like I, I know people will, some people will be like, well, if you bet on them to win, what's the problem? I always, I kind of understand it, but I'm also like, if you're, if you're betting a ton of money on a game and you're the manager of the game, you probably are gonna manage it a lot differently than it's like game, you know, 85 in, in the middle of the summer, you're probably like, if you're like, Hey, I have, this is the biggest bet I've made all season, you're gonna use your bullpen different, everything's gonna be different. So yeah, you probably can't bet on games. Even if you're betting on your team to win. Yeah. Definitely changes things. You, you're probably gonna make it more likely that your team loses the next game. Right. And then, right. And then if you bet on your team to win, you empty out your bullpen and you win that bet, then as a guy that loves having a little action on the game, you know that you're not gonna have a great bullpen the next day.


You might be more inclined to bet on your team to lose the next day. Yeah. Last thing before we kick it to ourselves. Do you guys want me to this Champs or CHUs website? Do you guys want me to look up anything Like for fan sadness? Yeah. See it grades every fan's experience in the last 10 years, the Bears got a F minus. That's pretty bad. I didn't know they gave F minuses six. I Look up the commanders. Hold on. Let's see. Commanders got an F. Okay. They got an F Patriots. Oh fuck you Hank. I'm curious. It's probably like a b plus.


No, it's the last 10 years, dude. It's gonna be an A. It's an A plus if you want, if you've won a title in the last 10 years, you get an A at bare minimum. Just one. What I, I guess. Yeah. Oh, you did that on purpose. Like the Eagles A Yeah. If you go to a Super Bowl or win a a Super Bowl title. Who, what was the team who wanted you wanted Wizards? 49 ERs is an A. Yeah. Yeah. Gimme Wizards. Wizards would be great. Like a Five Site, 49 ERs fan is not a A It's a B. Yeah, that's correct. I think that's actually a very fair grade. It almost hurts that much more. Yeah. Right. A b is like not a grade A B is like, I was capable of getting an A, but I just don't have one.


What About Falcons? That's, that's real test too because you got to a Super Bowl. Wizards is, they are a d plus. That's Very Generous. It's a fun site. Falcons. Falcons, Falcons. I don't know exactly the what's, what's behind the algorithm here. C for the Falcons. See Yeah, it's a 10 year, it's a 10 year sample size. Like shows winning percentage. They made the playoffs twice. They've won three playoff games. Zero championships. Panthers. Panthers. Panthers might, if this counts their Super Bowl year, it might not be as bad as you think. C Yeah, it's crazy. Yeah. And, it counts their Super Bowl year. Or you know, going to the Super Bowl 15 and one fun site.


I don't know. I just found it randomly. Chamber Trump us probably gonna get a virus or something on my phone. What about the Raiders? Good question. Hank. The Las Vegas Raiders get a F. Ooh. What about the Chiefs? Chiefs? It's gotta be an A plus. A plus. What about the Broncos? Broncos B plus because it includes their, their their Super Bowl in 2015. All right. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. You feel good? You satisfied? Yeah. Okay. I, yeah, I mean it's a cool site. Gimme cowboys.


Cowboys. You could do this all day. Yeah. D plus. See I like this website. This is a good website. That's a good grade. I think. I think this website is fair. Yeah. What about the, the Los Angeles Rams. The Los Angeles Rams. That's gonna be at least an A. You won a Super Bowl A you're asking all the worst questions. Yeah, you're asking all the ones that won a Super Bowl. I was just curious. Packers are a b plus. That feels fair. Yeah. Okay, well let's kick it to ourselves and then we got Booger. McFarland. Yeah. Let's get back in the studio. Okay.


Before we get to some football college and NFL brought to you by our friends at Farmer's Dog, the days are warmer, the walks are longer, and one easy way to help your dog shine this season is with fresh, healthy food from the farmer's dog. The farmer's dog makes real fresh dog food and delivers it right to your door. Recipes are delivered or developed, sorry, by vet nutritionists made from real meat and veggies and portioned just for your dog, making it easy to say goodbye to burnt brown balls and feed your dog real food with real benefits. Stella's a farmer's dog, Blake's a farmer's dog. The farmer's dog isn't just fresh high quality food. They also send the food pre proportioned specifically for your dog based on their unique needs. The Farmer's dog released a new commercial telling the story of a dog's unconditional love for its humans. And reminds us that no matter what happens in our day, we can always feel good about doing our best for our canine companions, especially through feeding them farmer's Dog. Check it out on their Instagram at The Farmer Dog and get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer Dog dot com slash pmt. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to The Farmer Dog dot com slash pmt to get 50% off. That's The Farmer Dog dot com slash pmt. The Farmer Dog dot com slash pmt. We're telling you it's Blake and Stella approved. Treat your dog well with the farmer's dog. Your dog deserves it.


We're also brought to you by our friends at ourselves Pardon, my Cheesesteak football's back in full gear. Ordering Pardon, my Cheesesteak for your game day meal or Late Night Eats is the best play call you can make. Pardon my Cheesesteak brings you awesome cheese steaks and loaded fries delivered right to your doorstep and will be offering free delivery throughout the entire football season. Take your pick of our delicious cheese steaks made with fresh thinly sliced steak, melted provolone melt water and cheese sauce, and caramelized onions. On a toasted hoagie roll, we have classic cheese steaks, Chipotle cheese steaks, chicken, cheese steaks, buffalo chicken, cheese steaks, and many, many more. You can order the popular Big Cat combo. Get your cheese steak of choice fries and a drink. Find Pardon my Cheesesteak near you and order yours now at Pardon my Cheesesteak dot com. Use code a WL for free delivery.


Okay. Monday Night Football. Jerry Goff was perfect. He's always been Perfect. He's always been perfect, but he was extra perfect. He not only went perfect passing, but he caught which Aman Ross St. Brown needs more credit. That was maybe the like most perfect wide receiver pass I've ever seen. He dropped it in a bucket. He said that they've called that play a few times and they've always checked out of it. So this is the first time he got to actually execute on it. Yeah. And and Ben Johnson was in his bag, In his bag on that pass play though. Where? Where Jared caught it. Jared explosive off the line. Yeah. First Elite first, like three steps off the line ran just slow enough to make the defense think he wasn't going out on a route. It looked like he was just kinda like going over to the sideline. Yeah.


Af And so he was just open enough to catch it and then he uncorked some dimes too. Hit Jamis and Downfield Aman Ross St. Brown. One of the coolest catches I've seen where it's just his body goes limp in midair. Yeah. And then just two feet come down Perfectly Body control. Yeah. And there was, I, I also saw a play that someone did a film review where he had, I think it was Ara might have been La Porta. No, I think it was Ara where he goes, he, he runs his route through the Sea Gapp. So it's basically they block like it's a running play. Yeah. He runs and then does a, and does a curl and hits him perfectly. It was Ben Johnson is, he's a genius. He is a genius. I also think that the Seahawks are not bad. I think. Agreed. On the contrary.


I think the Seahawks are good. I Was Watching, they had the most first downs in NFL history in a loss last Night. Yeah. I was watching that game. They had a bunch of defensive starters out. It was very clear that they couldn't stop anything the lines were throwing at them. But I was watching that game being like, Gino looks like totally in control. And it's crazy how much better he looks than the Gino. We've, we've known this is, this is the like the year of reclaimed quarterbacks, by the way. Credit to us. I dunno if you saw but me. I just saw that posted quote card from December 7th, 2022. Never forget. So almost two years ago. PFT said, I, I still believe in Baker Mayfield. This is when they're both on the Panthers. And I said, I'll do you one worse.


I still believe in Sam. Darn. So we know Ball. We know Ball. We know Ball on this podcast. When you think of December 7th in the United States, I want you to think of One thing in One thing only. That's Pardon. My Take. Yes. But yeah, I I we, we came to the same conclusion. The Seahawks, I did not go away from that game being like, man, the Seahawks stink. It was the Seahawks need to get healthy on defense because their offense is, they, it almost was like a mirror image with, with the amount of dudes that you can count on the field. Like locket, DK Jackson Smith, you know, char Pen, Sewell, Kenneth Walker. Yeah. Pene Sewell. Bobo Bobo was great. Bobo was great. Yeah. Bobo Bobo was really good.


And then the Lions have just Jamir Gibbs, David Montgomery, ARA, Jameson Williams, LaPorte, like just dudes all across the field. Both those offenses were so much fun to watch. And that was a, it was a perfect Monday night game. Yeah. It was dudes as far as I can see. That was the only Monday night football game last night. Yeah. Which was wonderful. So, oh, wait, before we get to the other one, I, there's a very important question I have to ask you about the Detroit Lions. Yes. Yes. 'cause this is the national conversation that's happening today about them. Okay. You as a father. Yes. Would you let the Detroit Lions take your family to Disneyland? Hmm. No, because I'm not gonna take any of my kids to Di Disney World or Disneyland. Disneyland. But it's not In Is that the one in California?


Disneyland is in California. So then Yes, You would maybe Because pre, and they, I don't have to Are you sure? Wait, but they, The lions take them. I'm gonna say no. Okay. Well you and Colin Cow coward. Agree. Okay. Coward was saying that the Lions are, are a family member that they were all over the map for a while and then they got their act together. But he doesn't trust him enough to let the lions take His kids Go to Disneyland To Disneyland on a trip. Okay. I think I would, It'd be fun. Yeah. I think it'd be a great time with Dan Campbell. Oh yes. Yeah. You'd be at the front of every line. You'd probably win all the Carney games. Yeah. You'd dominate in that. I think the, I think the Lions might be one of the first teams I would allow. I'm only saying it just because I, like I said, I wouldn't, I'm Universal Studios, maybe my kids can go to, but I didn't go to Disney World, so, so I'm not going.


Yeah, I'm not going, I'm not taking them. Yeah. It's just, I guess if the Lions take 'em, it's not me. I think the Lions would be at least top three teams that I would allow. Would you let the lions watch your kids for a, an extended weekend Ex to find extended? You leave Friday morning, don't get back till they're at, till they're asleep. So you really see your kids again Monday night. Okay. So three full bedtimes. Are they at Dan Campbell's house? No. And did they win the one that got docs? No. Okay. They're not at that one. No. Yeah, I, yeah, I'd let the lions hang out with my kids. Okay. Would you? Hmm? Would You let the lions fuck your girl That, see that's the real question we should be asking. Yeah. Coward. Kind of missed the, missed the, the mark there.


Would you let your, the lions fuck your girl on Instagram live If this was no jumper? Max is saying thumbs down Pug. Pug is in studio memes out for a couple days. Pug, would you? Yes. Pug. You would? Whoa. I would never let a team fuck my girl. Mm. Yeah. Me neither. That's just how, that's how I operate. Kinda old school. I don't know. It'd be kind of cool. You'd probably get a game ball Or something. Now Jayden Daniels on the other hand. Yeah. Yeah. Ah, the other Monday night football game. I like, I think they should always have two Monday night football games with that type of disparity because it was, it made the Lion's Seahawks game even more enjoyable.


Well I think in this situation it was perfect, but I don't like it. I usually don't like it. But if you're going to do it, have one game that's the worst. Imminently forgettable. Yeah. And then that way when it's about time for the other game to kick off, you're like, fuck yeah, I get to watch football now. All right, I'm gonna look right now. Flex scheduling week five. What would you, this would be not so bad. We could run it back. Yeah. Dolphins, Patriots kickoff first on Monday Night Football and then the Bills Texans play right after. That'd be great. It'd be great. The Dolphins are a tough, tough, tough watch. Yeah. Like, and the Titans are a tough watch, but the Titans compared, especially with Mason Rudolph, the, the Mason Rudolph like makes the Titans at least football adjacent.


The dolphins are Whew. Yeah, that makes no Sense. What do you Mean? Well it does, 'cause Huntley doesn't know that offense at all. Is Tua the most underrated quarterback in the NFL? I think They should pay him more seriously. I feel like if he's a, if he's a Shanahan disciple, it's like Shanahan is the king of just putting but not a quarterback as much. Kind of, kind of like he has all the weapons and the quarterback doesn't. Mike, remember Mike doesn't matter as much. Mike Shanahan on the Shana Camm said Brock Purdy was the guy right away. Yeah, that's true. I think they did With Jimmy G. True. Yeah. Yeah. Purdy makes a big difference there too. But they also drafted Trey Lance Also drafted Trey Lance. But yeah, the Dolphins are a mess. Is Mike McDaniel coaching for his job? I don't know.


Is he Hot Seat? I mean, his job is to Coach. He he's in the shade in Miami. Yeah. He looked bewildered. He looked like it was, he was watching something that he just had no answers to. And shout out all the people who have fantasy players on the Dolphins. That's, that's brutal. Yeah. Tyreek Hill's about to do something weird in the next coming weeks. I'm sure. It's just a tough, tough watch. And I don't, I know that losing your quarterback should, obviously if you go to your backup quarterback, you're probably already fucked. But I didn't think the Dolphins would be this fucked. Like I didn't think that their offense And it would look this bad. Maybe that's just naive of me, but it's a disaster. I think if you're Mike McDaniel or you're running a, an offshoot of the Shanahan offense, you have to have a guy that's your backup that's been with you for a while.


Yeah. Like importing a dude, which they kind of had, they kind of had that Why wasn't, why is Skyler got hurt Tannahill out There. Yeah. I think, I think with Huntley especially, he is just learning what's going on there and having to do like all the motions and stuff to do a lot of cute stuff in Miami. You have to be very familiar with acute stuff in order to pull it off Trade for Jameis. Yeah. Imagine Jameis in those Teals. What about Brett Fav? Brett Fav would be good. Tebow. He could do it. Yeah. You should Sign Tebow Kaepernick, Johnny Manzel and RG three And just see who's the Best for it. And just let us watch those guys play. Yeah. Let us watch the open competition. Yep. The Titans are good.


Win Will Levi, that was a tough clip where he was like, I didn't see the guy. Yeah, he Winced at all. He winced on the, on the sidelines. Well, the wince Was his shoulder, but yeah, that was, that was tough for our boy Will, so I don't know. I don't know what the future is. The Titans, like they're not a bad team. They just like, they could win here. Here's the question for the Titans, and I think they're gonna have to the wrestle with this. 'cause I think if you play Mason, Rudolph will, Elvis obviously is, he's not there yet. He's not even close to there yet. It's, it's a work in progress. Do you stick with, will Levi work in progress? Hope that he gets better and if he doesn't you're gonna be drafting top five.


That's what they're saying. Or do you go with Mason Rudolph and Mason Rudolph I think probably wins you seven games. That's like obviously just won. You won. So I'm saying six more. Yeah. I'm not saying they're gonna get to, you know, eight, nine. He's not a, he's not gonna be lighting up the world, but he's, his competency has a floor to it that probably gets them more to like the 10th, 15th draft pick. Yeah. I I think Callahan said after the game Will Levi is our quarterback, which is the second time he said that this year. Yep. Which is not good that he's had to say it twice. I Think you do. I think that's the right move though. But he said, he said, Will's our quarterback barring injury. So if he's healthy, he's gonna play. I think it's the right move too. 'cause what if, what if he figured this out? What if he, what if he turns it on the second half of the season and where things end up Okay for the Titans, then you feel good about going to next year with Will and you're probably drafting in the middle of the first round and you, and that's good.


But then if it doesn't go well, guess what? Get A quarterback, you're gonna need a quarter. Yeah. If it doesn't go well, you're wanting a quarterback anyway. Yeah. And that's where you want to be in the top five. So yeah, I think it's a no-brainer that you gotta stick with Will Levi. Not saying he's played to the point where he keeps it, but I think that's just as an organization, that's a smarter move. Yeah. Also, we had a a a moment in that game that left. I think everybody confused by this. Ah, yeah, The onside punt that wasn't in the landing zone and then that resulted in effectively a 40 yard penalty. Yeah. Shout out to everyone who had the under I feel for you. Life's too short. But that was crazy. It was a, It ended up being 40 yards. Right. They got 43 Yards. So they punted from the 20, I believe. So they punted, they did a, a safety kick, which you can punt if you want to, but they also declared it to be on side.


So, and They punted it further than the landing zone. Yeah. So the strategy on that is to kick it really high in the air and then hope that the other team doesn't call for a fair catch, which is what happened. They didn't call for, for a fair catch. So the ball lands, the dolphins recover, and then they throw all the flags. The announcers had no idea what was Going on. The ref had no idea. They had to figure his, the ref like mumbled through it Also, that ref that did not call the touchdown for Ahman Ross Saint Brown. Yeah. They just, I think he just pardo, he just turned into a fan. There was a ref behind him who called it. But yeah, like for a catch like that you need both hands out. I need to see an emphatic touchdown. Like going back to the eighties for some reason, I want to say like mid nineties ref stopped doing like goofy over the top emphatic touchdown celebrations and penalty calls.


They used to go out there and just like lean back a little bit, slouch their shoulders and just like throw 'em up. Yeah. Like they were like, they were speaking in tongues. The, And they, they missed a great opportunity there because the best touchdown rough moment is when they confer and they talk for like two seconds and then they both simultaneously do it. That's the best. That's a good one. That's a great shit. They Stole that from us. Never forget what they took from you. But also we, we should have mentioned Kenneth Walker with, I mean the greatest break broken tackle of all time. I don't, I don't know how his neck is still on. Yeah, he got double flipped. They got, they had a, a wrestling match, a full wrestling match broke out between, was it Anoni? I think it was. And, And, and Kenneth Walker. And Kenneth Walker won. It looked like a Steven Segal movie.


It was where they were doing a keto on each other. Slow mo. Yeah. Yeah. It was, that was Awesome. And then Montgomery had that sick catch and run at the end of the game where he just bounced off three dudes. Yep. That was a great game. Great game. That was a great game of football Last night Game. And the Titans Dolphins. I So going back real quick. Mike Tino coach over his job. I, I think he might be because this is, he might lose the locker room. He needs to, we knew that was a possibility. He needs to keep Eyes on the locker room at all times. I he needs to, he he's gotta air tag that locker room. Yeah. I don't want him to lose a, I don't want him to lose locker room. I don't want him to lose his job. I think the league is more fun when Mike pit's a coach and I still think he's a very good coach. But I think when you're the happy go lucky guy and shit goes bad, it gets, it gets, it could get ugly.


It could turn on you fast. They need a statement win against the Patriots. Oh yeah. That's gonna be, wait, what's the check out? DraftKings? Let's see the, let's see, what's the over under? Where are they playing? Yikes. That's a bad game. Hank. Oh. Oh. Whose line is it Anyway, guess the game. Whose line is on DraftKings games in New England? New England. Okay. Okay. I think it's Patriots minus one over under, That's the key. 30, 37, 6 And 35 and a half. You were right about the spread. You were right about the over on 35 and a half. Yeah, we know ball.


Wow. We do know ball. That's gross. That's a gross game. I think I might have to take the over on that. I think I might just have to figure out how to bet that game and just be like, gross. So yeah, as I say it, I'm just like, ugh. With McDaniel it's, it's not, it looks way worse too when you're losing the locker room and the cute plays don't work. Correct. You look more incompetent than you really are. Yes. I I am, I'm nervous about the locker room for McDaniel. It's, it's a fair, it's a fair criticism. Yeah. By the way, people were fairly were like, Hey, we didn't get any Sunday night football talk. The Ravens are, are a wagon. I, when the Ravens run the ball like that, they're gonna be a monster of a Team. And that's the problem with the bills too. Is their defense not bad, but their defense against the run Very Bad.


Yeah. So Ravens like, I just, we don't usually talk at length about Sunday night football, but I think the Ravens are like, they're, that that's an oh and two. The team that started oh and two that I never thought was gonna be in trouble. Obviously the Raiders loss was a weird loss. But we said it I think at the time that they were oh and two and they out outgain their opponents by like a hundred plus yards, both games. That one was always gonna turn back for the Ravens are not Oh, an oh and two team. They're a really good team. That's why they weren't a pinky team. Yeah. Because it couldn't do it. It has to be a team that you don't think has a chance. I, I be, I believe in the Ravens potentially winning a Super Bowl this year. I actually think they like, they absolutely could. Yeah. And Lamar, so we joked about Lamar losing all that weight 'cause he was a fat ass when it's super fat.


Well, when, when he saw, I think it was when Trump got indicted or when he turned himself in and Trump's height and weight was perfectly matched to Lamar Jackson. I Thought it was Derrick Henry. No, it was Lamar. Okay. It was Lamar, I think it was six three and two 15. Okay. And Lamar saw that and he was like, fuck, I gotta lose some weight. I gotta get in shape. And so he lost weight. I I didn't think there was anything wrong with him, but just by watching the games, I feel like Lamar Wait. Trump or Lamar? Both. Okay. Both. I think they're both healthy as Oxes. Yeah. Lamar is faster than he was. I think he's faster than he was last year. I'd agree. He was like very shifty last year. He was doing a lot of those start stop things super elusive. But this year I feel like he's, he's got the Jets again. Yeah, I do too.


And they have so many weapons. They have dudes. Except for Justin Tucker who's washed. Yeah. Very washed. Beyond washed. I'd be concerned. Should we talk a little college ball? Let's talk a little college ball. We're gonna talk some more college ball with booger in a minute. But let's talk some college ball. I, we have to start the, the number one story is obviously that Georgia Bama game was fucking incredible. A big fuck you to everyone who said that College Football regular season doesn't matter anymore. And you won't get big games because that was that scene in Tuscaloosa on Saturday night. Oh, the playoff. Oh, this. You can't replicate that. Yeah. And You know what I loved about that game? I loved the fact that we got the, the viral moments, the crowd shots of the sad fans, but we got 'em on both sides.


Yes. And you never see that in a game. Oh, the, the, the video that's going around of George's sideline going nuts after they scored to go ahead with like two and a half minutes left. And then Ryan Williams scoring and Ryan Williams, I don't understand his body, his body control, his ball skills. He looked like he was in the Matrix. Yeah. I I I like the back to the, the a back, you're back to the defender with the ball. You should never do that. Like he was, he stood there making a low post move and then still it it worked. He did it. He did like a, a spin move with part of his body in the air. He did a fake and then the rest of his body on the ground, he looked like a cat.


Yeah. When you drop a cat from, Oh, I'm not even 10 feet in the air. I'm not even talking about that one. I'm talking about the earlier one where he did, he basically did the Hakeem Dream shake. Yeah. Yeah. So And it was like, what are you you doing dude, you, this is how you get killed on an SEC field. And that goes for Jalen Monroe too. Just running sideways on an SEC field. Yeah. But that, that last catch that he had was one of the most athletic things Incredible I've ever seen in my entire life. He's 17 people forget that. He's 17 years Old. 17. 17. And After the game, he changed his profile picture to a picture of Mike Vick holding a dog. Oh, that's sick. Because they just beat the dogs. They did just beat the dogs. Yeah. Also he had the I black kill everybody. People were getting upset about that. The program. It's the program. It's the program. So just shut the hell up. It's the program. It also just an awesome thing to have on your I black.


Yeah. If You actually got upset about that. Memes yourself. Yeah. Memes yourself. Memes yourself. Did you guys see the max? I just sent it to you. I'm sending you two clips. I should have sent it to you before. Bad job by me. The Japanese announcers calling that final No, I didn't see that. It's awesome. They just, everything's better when the Japanese announcers are going Nuts. That reminds me, I actually did, I I watched with a sound on for part of the Dolphins titans game as the other game was on. But my hack to that, if you're watching bad football, watch it on ESPN deportes. Oh. Because it added a little spice to it. And, and when the announcers are like going a mile a minute speaking in Spanish and then stop to over Pronunciate Storm duck.


Yeah. And then go back. It's electric. It's great tv. Yeah. His name's not spelled like that. Weirdo Zillow. What are you doing? Did he spell Ryan Williams? RYEN? Yeah, he did. Max just did He got the job done. Okay. All right. Play it. I don't know if someone just dubbed this over for a different call, which could've very well I could've gotten duped. I don't care. Yeah. I Don't care either. I don't care. I want, I wanna listen to more American sports highlights in other languages.


Yes. To get better. Yes. So that game was incredible. I do think and, and booger. We'll I'll save it for booger. 'cause we, we have a discussion about does Kirby Smart have a Alabama problem? I they're one in six against Alabama under Kirby Smart Killing de Bore needs a ton of credit because his teams something about killing de Boor. Like you've seen it in these big games. They're always ready to go. And they jumped on him. Now they also give up leads, but they jumped on him so fast. It was awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome game. And now Georgia, they gotta win. They have Ole Miss Tennessee and Texas. You gotta probably go two and one in that. Yeah. In a weird way. I don't think I'm any more confident or less confident in either Alabama or Georgia after this game.


Because, because it was two halves. Alabama's first half best team in the country. Georgia's second half best team in the country. Right, Right. Like Georgia coming back gets credit because you thought they were just dead. But the margin for, for error now for Georgia is a lot smaller. Yeah. I have a question for you. Big. Cat. Yeah. Was Nick Saban holding Alabama back? He Might've been. Was Nick Saban the problem? He might've been. Are they better without Nick Saban? I'm addicted to Nick Saban shots during the game where he just looks miserable and it's the greatest game we've ever seen. And it's like everyone's losing their minds and he just looks disgusted because it's probably like, you know, the cornerback was opened his hips a little too quickly.


He just, on the other side of the field, not even the, not even the side where the, where the pass was completed. It's Just bad football to him. He just sees that and he goes, yeah this is, this is just not enjoyable to watch. What kind of game do you think would be enjoyable for Nick Saban to watch? Like a Fortune a 1414 game. Good tackling 3.3 yards of carry. Not doing anything crazy out there. Yeah. Control game scrim. He probably loves Maxin. Yeah, that that pun One. You need to punt That Frank Beamer clip where it's a zero zero tie Virginia Tech Wake Forest at the end of the game he's celebrating. Yeah. No ion's. Too much for Maxon would be too much for Saban. 'cause there's too many mistakes. He probably wants to watch. Army Navy. Army Navy. Army. Navy would be, yeah. That's Primo. Primo Ball.


I think Belichick, Belichick might like that one a lot. I think Saban would love. What's that? What's that college in Ohio? The, the like real small one. That's John Carroll. Yeah. He would like watching a John Carroll Holy Cross game. Yeah. That's Football by the way. Navy is really good. They're undefeated. Yeah. And they're, I think they play Ohio State in a couple weeks. Which should be fun 'cause you never know. Never know. Also, Should we actually hire Connor Stallions? 'cause he did hit me up. Yeah. Like why not? Is the high school Season not going Well? No, he said when the high school season's over, he's open to, he's like, I'll have a couple months. I think we Have to, I think we gotta hire him And just hire him as our like secret service for PMT. We gotta hire him. Have him scope out new heights, figure out how we can take that motherfucker out.


Just Check out, see what, see what like subway's doing with their, with their cheese steak. Yeah. Go test a bunch of cheese steaks. A bunch of coffees. I, I think we have to. Right? I would love That. He shows up in the background on the McAfee show wearing those sunglasses. He could sit, he could sit like on the other side of where meme sits. So we can barely see him. But he can chime in whenever he wants. Also people aren't gonna fuck with us if we got him. No, definitely not. They, they Know better. He'll write a manifesto on you. Alright, so I'll Follow up. Actually we'll hire him if his cover letter to us is a manifesto For Okay. I'll tell him that for, I'll tell him that. Alright, so now is the portion of the show that we hype up Travis Hunter, we, what is he Heisman now on DraftKings?


He was down to plus seven 50 the other day. I don't realize Know what he's at now. I realize. I forgot. I got a 40. 40. That's nice. 40. I got a 20. He is the best football player in the country. So this was, I wanna play this clip real quick. This was before the game against UCF where UCF was a 14 point favorite. And Urban Meyer basically said Travis Hunter isn't gonna be able to handle the heat. Now mind you, Travis Hunter plays at high altitude. But how stupid can you be urban? Where's he from? He's from Florida I believe. And. it might be from Georgia. No, he's from Florida. Is he? Yeah, he's from Florida. I Think urban just couldn't be so that makes no sense. Urban's like double, double. No sense. Urban Double. No sense. How is he gonna be able to take losses? Probably not. Well, he probably won't feel good after losses and have panic Attacks.


All right, so play this clip. This is 133 plays of this. Brandon, you had 21 catches in a game. You also play two ways. I don't know if he's gonna be able to handle this heat here now it's hot here. I know he's from here. Yeah, but it's hot here. Your thoughts on on. Hold On, hold on Coach. Why are we talking about receivers? We talking about DB to do that. We'll get paid to do that. Listen Coach, take Travis Hunter, take Colorado out of Florida. It's no problem. We are talking about 20 something catches. I don't care about his production on the defensive side. No problem. Look at you. Look at Mark Ingram up there. He's sw through his suit. This is a real home field advantage. When I played here, I got two IVs before the game.


Two Ivys. I have time and two after the game. This is real deal. And so it's really going to affect him today. Okay, so how much did it affect Travis Hunter? How about this? 128 snaps, nine catches, 89 yards a touchdown and then an interception and a pass defense. Two tackles. And he could Have had more yards receiving too. Dion took him outta the game. Wow. Did that really affect Travis Hunter? 128 snaps in the big bad Florida heat. The dude is just different. He should be your Heisman. He's incredible. Also Brandon Marshall's saying he got six IVs during a game. It's kind of wild. Yeah, that's, that's too many IVs. That's kind of addicted To I IVs. That's too many IVs. Yeah, He's currently third in Heisman betting.


Yeah. At seven to one. Yeah. And this 700, this was a big win for Colorado. 'cause this was a game that everyone thought they would lose. They're now four in one. I know they still have a tough Big 12 schedule. And again, we're not to, we're not, we're not even talking about Deion or Shado. We're just a Travis Hunter podcast. Yeah, that's it. Travis Hunter. Travis Hunter deserves the respect. He Might be the best College Football player I've ever seen. Yeah. How About that? How about that? I'll take it one further. PFT. Yep. Let's play a quick game. What dumb thing did Hugh freeze say this week? He Said, I don't think freeze can handle the heat He freeze. Can handle the heat. Yeah, I like that. Yeah, I like that. He should actually do that because he can't. So Hugh freeze, who's won everywhere.


First time he's having a little resistance. Things are not going well. He's maybe the worst loser of all time. He said after his loss to Oklahoma, which they probably should have won that game. They were up. He said, I won't comment on what happened before I was here. The roster, what it was. Everybody can make their own determination on that, on how many people left in the recruiting rankings and what was brought in, which is literally commenting on it. And then he said, I think you all are aware of what we inherited. Our ad has done a marvelous job of explaining that he did to me before I took the job with the previous recruiting classes not being what you need to compete at a high level. And 57 transfers out in my previous three years before my arrival and then said how sayings how something really is he keeps getting blamed for throwing people under the bus.


Yeah. I don't know why he keeps getting blamed for that. This is like when Doug Peterson said the time for speeches are over. Yeah. No more rah rah and then proceed to give a speech. I'm not gonna talk about what happened before I got here. But the recruits suck and the guys I'm coaching right now suck. And I'm throwing my entire team under the bus. 'cause they suck. It's not my fault. I'm fucking Hugh Freeze. I don't, I don't make excuses for things. I'm not sitting here counting the number of transfers that we've had leave. We had 57 transfers out in the previous three years before my arrival. But that's not something I spent time considering. What A piece of shit. Yeah. Hugh freeze. Listen Hugh, if things aren't going for you, just start cheating. Yeah. Start. Well first you've done it before. Yeah. You've you've done the first part. Blame everyone else.


Yep. His back to back weeks where he, remember he said that he, nine times outta 10 they beat Arkansas. And then this week he's like, look, I'm not gonna talk about the situation here, but the situation is terrible and everyone that they recruited before me sucks. And now I'm have a job of coaching sucky players and Oh yeah. After this press conference, I'm gonna go give a speech to these sucky players and tell 'em, Hey, I need you to fucking die for me. I Have a question for you. Big. Cat. Yeah. Whose job is it to make players better at playing football? The ad, the previous coach. Oh, I thought, thought you said the ad. No. No. Okay. All right. The coach that they had before you Coach, you could see how I get confused. Usually the ad is the one who's making them better. This Is the year where he has to take all the coaches that, or all the players that were coached wrong and undo all that bad coaching.


Yes. And then next year he actually gets to build 'em back up again. You Freeze. What an idiot. Yeah. He's lost a lot of weight. Is he on Ozempic? He must be. I think he's thinned out a little bit. Yeah. Or it's just the losses. He's got the urban ish situation where losses just take so much out of him that he loses weight. You should watch that Aaron Hernandez show by the way. Is it Good? No. It's one of the worst shows I've ever seen. But I can't stop watching. I figured it would probably not be the best. The guy they have playing Urban Meyer is, he's like a cartoon villain version of Urban Meyer who's also kind of a cartoon villain. Okay. So it's of Urban Meyer. It's excellent. Yeah. Yeah. Other big one was Kentucky. Shout out big Blue Nation going to Ole Miss. Beating Ole Miss after they wiped the floor with their non-conference schedule.


Ole Miss back into the SEC. Like this is what happens. Yeah, it's a, listen, Kentucky almost did this to Georgia. I don't think that they've got a bad, their offense is kind of weird. I'll tell 'em that. Their offense not great, but Mark Stoops great coach and Ole Miss thought that they maybe we're gonna be ranked in the top five. Doesn't look good for Lane Kiffin. Yeah. And it does not look good. But he is in that perfect spot where if he has two losses this year, that's great for Lane Kiffin. Yeah, That's, well that's probably a playoff birth. That's what he does. Lane Kiffin Iss gonna get you some high scoring games. He's gonna have a quarterback that's in the Heisman discussion at least through halfway through the season.


And then he's not gonna win a championship. Yeah. And here's the other thing about Lane K where he is in a really nice spot. Yeah. So they have LSU at LSU, Oklahoma and Georgia both at home. So I mean if they have two losses, they probably will still be in the playoff. 'cause that would mean they beat at least one of those teams. Yeah. Not the strongest of wins, but still, I think that a two loss SEC team would probably go to the playoff. But Lane Kiffin is in a good spot because no matter how the season goes, he's gonna get a raise because Florida's open. Yeah. So it doesn't matter whether he stays or leaves, he's getting more money no matter what. Yeah. That's a built-in Raise whenever a big school like that opens.


Yeah. They want, everyone in Florida wants some very bad and yeah, that would, that would be the race. Do you, do you have, did you have a feeling one way or the other about Miami's the end of Miami game? Whether he caught it or not? I Thought yes, I did. I, I had a couple thoughts when I first watched it and I watched the replay. I thought touchdown then I thought, what are the refs thinking right now? And I don't think the refs wanted to give Virginia Tech that win and then have to leave the stadium in Miami. See I watched it and I was like, I don't think this is a touchdown in any world. It's just the ball's moving guys are outta bounds. I, the One thing that I took away from it. We do. We lean way too much on.


Well you can, it's not enough to overturn it. Yeah. As if a bad call can't be overturned just because like Well that was the call on the field. Yeah. I I do think though, whatever they called it on the field was gonna stay. Yeah. See I watched a replay. I was like, no, this was not a completion. Like it was a crazy play, but it was just not a completion. It Was so close. I, I don't, I watched it probably like six times, however many times I showed the replay live. I stared at the TV and I watched all of them and I wasn't sure, but I thought it was a catch. Yeah. I thought like we're watching it right now. Also, it's just way more fun. If it's a catch that was part Of it, it would've been, it would've been the most Miami loss. And now we've got Miami at Cal game day going to Cal.


Love it. I saw somebody, I forget who it was. I wanna give him credit if I can track this down. Somebody said that they should sell T-shirts like Catholics V convicts. Yeah. But have it say woke v Coke. Ooh. I like that. I Feel like that would be a really good one. That Is a good one. Yeah. I don't think he had it long enough. It just always was moving. Who knows? But that was nice controversy on a Friday night and then Yeah, the big 12 is wide open, which we expected, but it's more wide open than we even expected because Utah lost at home to Arizona. Which camera rising. Just fucking play football. Please. Is There a possibility that the, the group of five school doesn't get the 12 spot but gets the 11 spot? I Don't know. I don't think so.


Maybe Thinking Dukes it's too early for that. But yeah, I'm definitely thinking UNLV Hoge comes. Hoge was awesome. I think if it's an undefeated Dukes undefeated UNLV, it'll go to UNLV. I Would agree with that. 'cause UNLV has played prob will probably end up playing more big boys. I believe it's Slightly bigger boys. The Sunbelt, They're playing a little bit bigger of boys. Sunbelt's boys are not as big this year. Well, UNLV also went to Kansas when they were ranked and they beat Houston at Houston. So they're the boys they're playing Are s slightly larger.


Yeah, we got a little Or Kansas wasn't ranked. That was their ball game. We Thought UNC was gonna be big boys. Yeah. And UNC. Well we did retire Mac Brown. Yeah, true. We made him quit. And UNOV still has Syracuse a slightly bigger boy. And Oregon State a slightly bigger boy. But if you wanna talk about teams that are playing with a bunch of just little children out there. Liberty, if Liberty goes undefeated. Yeah. And then there's a one loss. U-N-L-V-I feel like you still gotta put UNLV in. Yeah, I'd agree. Especially with their backup. It's like such a great story. It's, it's would be, I feel like College Football would want it too. Being like CNLL doesn't matter. Yeah. Or Boise State. We should throw them in there too because they have maybe the best player in college.


Ashton Gent one. Sorry. One, one of the best players in, He's the second best player, but he sh not close enough to be considered for Heisman. 'cause only Travis Hunter should. Right. But yeah, gents got video game numbers. He basically is playing when you play College Football and you're like, all I'm gonna do is just try to get my guy, the Heisman, like go out at the one on an interception so you can get him more touchdowns. He has through four game five games. 82 carries 845 yards, 13 touchdowns. It's Crazy. And he's, he's broken 200 yards a couple times. What was his high game there, gene? Oh, he had had a crazy one that was, they looked Like Barry Sanders. Yeah. He's just, it's, and he breaks and it's just great because you, like on a Saturday you're watching all this football, it gets late in the, late in the day, it's evening time.


And then you just see a clip pop up and it's just gently doing like breaking like an 80 yard touchdown. I've got some advice for our listeners and you can take it or leave it. But this weekend in College Football might be the perfect weekend to be available to do any chores. You think it's on all dates. It's picking Apple picking weekend. Go apple picking. Yeah. Go go to the malls we call run some errands. Apple Picking weekend. I Feel like this is the weekend to do it because you're gonna wanna build up all that stock for October 12th. Yeah. Play off baseball though. Play off baseball. That's true. That's good point. Max play Off baseball. Good point. But this weekend is the one, it's like the meme. She's like, I I think he's probably just thinking about College Football and the guy's like, no, I'm thinking about how to make her think.


I don't care about College Football this weekend. Yeah. There's no College Football on this. Yeah. Start planning that shit out right now. Yeah. Okay. Should we do Hot Seat Cool Throne. And then we can get to our great interview with booger. We're gonna talk a little more College Football with booger and some NFL as well.


Hot Seat Cool Throne brought to you by our friends at Coors Light. Half the fun of watching College Football is predicting which rivals win. Every week. Coors Light teamed up with DraftKings for the free to play College Football pick 'em pools where you pick winners for a a chance to win big. When the game is on the line, it's time to choose chill and then choose an ice cold Coors Light when you're looking to keep it chill. There's only one beer to choose. Coors Light the mountains on the bottles and cans even turn blue when your beer is cold. So you know when your mountain cold and refresher is ready for you. When things heat up, it's a good time to choose chill. And then crack. Open a Coors Light. Make your heated picks with Coors Light and DraftKings. Choose chill and enjoy refreshing Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by going to coors light.com/take 21 plus eligibility restrictions. Apply void. Wear prohibited C terms at DraftKings dot com slash coors light. Pick them. Celebrate responsibly Coburn company. Golden Colorado


Henry. My Hot Seat is anyone who drafted Christian McCaffrey in fantasy. So He has double Achilles tendonitis. Is he Gonna retire? What do you think Hank? I think he is. You, You, you Now Hank's been saying no. I saw a clip on Bussin of Whitney talking about someone Saying, and then he talked about it on our podcast. Yep. The walls at Barstool Sports have been saying if you walk down the hallway, there's like one specific spot. It's right after Max's desk, right before you get to Mr. Pear where there's a guy who's got sunglasses on.


'cause he was just probably golfing and he's like, I'm here. Christopher McCaffrey might retire. So double. That's the wall. The wall is talking Double Achilles tendonitis is not good. And then having one that's worse than the other. That's, that's doubly worse. Oh, is that true? That's what I think Shefter reported. You mean the ultimate insider? Yeah. So he's been, he's been dealing with two Achilles, but it's been fine because they've both both been hurting the same way. God. And now one's a little bit worse. And that's what the German doctor's looking at. Hank, It feels like you're definitely not playing this season. Should We credit the walls? No. 'cause I don't because The wall want credit. I the walls doesn't want credit, but he feels like he's, it's Gonna happen.


Are you talking about the VP debate tonight? No, No, we're talking about the wood walls. Oh, the wooden walls. Okay. The wooden Walls with locks on 'em. No. 'cause the walls, you know, they didn't wanna report it publicly, so it's like Right. They they, they like to whisper to people walking by, but there's no point in asking for credit after if you didn't report it before. Yeah. Now where Did, but it's nice, you know, I'm sure the wall's like damn. Yeah, the wall, the wall's like, damn, the walls was all over it. I was, I was ahead of this walls Wall all over. Yeah. Big Time ahead of this. So where Do you think the walls heard it from? 'cause somebody would have to tell it to the walls. Probably just some random guy. Yeah, probably just some random guy. Probably probably opened up like a candy bar. Like an O Henry And. it was just written on there. Yeah. When did the walls hear about this Week ago?


Week two. Week two. It was Before, yeah, it was before we went to Germany and before the Yeah. Everything that's happened since the walls, Like the walls was, was laughed at when he said it. Right. Everything that's happened since the walls said that Chris McCaffrey's contemplating retirement has made it look like the walls are, are stronger than ever. Now. Have the walls heard anything from our good friend Mike Florio about any sort of legal recourse that could happen for fantasy football owners who might have drafted this player? The Walls is not a fan of Mike Florio and thinks he's, he's fake news and a fraud and a right fan fiction. About what team? Just a lot of teams started with Patriots. Name a team. Oh, Patriot Patriots checks. So I don't think the walls is, is too worried about Mike Floria.


Is the walls known for throwing darts? Not Yet. On the course. On the golf course. On the golf course. But not, I'm talking about like stories, like you don't just throw stuff at the walls. See if it sticks. If The walls could dunk. Was there a, a hole in this wall that was about eight inches off the ground? Maybe. Maybe. Okay. But yeah, he's definitely not gonna play this year. And it sucks. Like, Whoa. Is that the wall? Whoa. Is that an actual report? Whoa, that's just, that's just Henry Lockwood. The remove the wall from the conversation. That's just me. After seeing the report that was actually reported, if you have double Achilles tendonitis, it seems impossible that you'd come back this year.


So that's just my take. Okay. From no medical, that's Not not a report. No. Do you know what? It's not a report nor a rumor. Do you know what tendonitis is? Achilles tendonitis? Yeah. I just know from all the, the things I've read, like it's impossible to come back from. Okay. Quickly On one, let alone two. Yeah. Double. Double and Double. It seems like it's like, you know, if you're, you have it. I don't know. So I'm sure people will get mad at me for this, but it feels like if you have one bad achilles tendinitis, you can like have a boot or walk around and kind of like crutches or whatever. If you have both, What do you do? Yeah, But if you have two, do you have one? Because the whole thing about Achill, well it's just your whole life is pain. But when you say like, my Achilles heel is this One thing, it's because you have one issue.


Everything else is great. So if you have two of 'em, is that even bad Or you're in double the amount of pain? Yeah. It might just be in double. So Chris Ru just walking around in a Johnny Cash song. Yeah. Okay. Occurs when the tendon that connects the back of your leg to your heel becomes swollen and painful near the bottom of the foot. Yeah. It causes swelling and pain sounds And if you don't, if you don't let it fully heal, it's very easy to tear. Oh, Okay. Okay. All right. Has he considered not being a pussy? Has he considered suing the walls? No. The walls. Yeah, the wall's insane. Anything. All right. What's your Cool Throne? My Cool Throne is Jimmy Carter. Yeah. Oh, I had him too. Happy birthday Is today a wake up day.


A hundredth birthday day. It's, you gotta Wake up President to live to a hundred. He's gonna get up in that cake today. This is, this is Jimmy's big day. Wow. What's the, what's the weird stat? Who's the first president to be born in a hospital? Was it George? HW Bush? Is that true? Yeah. Obama. No. You, you're thinking of Kenya First president to be born, born in a hospital. Or was it, was it, was it Jimmy Carter's? Yeah, it was Jimmy Carter. It was so Jimmy. That's crazy. Jimmy's a hundred while that he lived to a hundred and then he's the first president to do that, considering how bad it aged you. But he was only in, in office for four years.


Yeah. We can say Jimmy Carter, he was president of the United States. Much better human being. He's an all time human being. Yeah. Person. Well, We don't know. He's a still is he? I didn't say that. Is he still a human being? 'cause he doesn't wake up. I think he, he is a human. I don't know if being's the right word. I Think he had to wake up. He's a human. He's a human existence. I hope that he woke up today. I really do. Yeah. I I hope he did. I hope he, It would suck if he didn't Wake up. Big T always says that, that Jimmy, he was put into hospice, what, like two years ago? Yeah. Three years ago. His health has been bad For a while. He, he's been beating the fuck outta hospice. But It's because he stopped building houses. Yep. He's, he got off roofs.


Need to get him back on the roof. Maybe Get him back on the Roof. Congrats Jimmy. Congrats Jimmy. You made it. Good Job, Hank on both the Christian McCaffrey report and Jimmy Carter. Thanks. I'll tell the walls. Okay. My Hot Seat is woe because yeah, as we speculated, the torch might be getting passed to Adam Schefter, which is crazy. If you're Adam Schefter, don't you, you enjoy NBA because you get to put your phone down for a little bit. No, PFT he Is addicted to It. No, PFT You can't stop breaking news. So Schefter might take over as the NBA insider. No, No, no, no. The Ultimate Insider. The ultimate insider. That's how it was reported.


And that's why 'cause I, I thought the same thing. I was like, chefy, what are you doing, man? You're gonna spend the rest of your life with your phone up to the glass every time you shower. Like, what are you doing? Yeah. But when, if ESPN comes to him and says, Hey Shefter, open this envelope. And Insider just says, ultimate Insider, you have to take that. You have to get a, an office with a door. Just so you can put Ultimate Insider on it. Ultimate Insider. He's Adam Shefter is becoming his own social media platform. Yeah. And, and you post on it by being an agent and calling Adam Shefter Yeah. And giving him the scoop. And then he just puts that out. And if you subscribe to Adam Schefter, he should do his own app. Yeah. What a source, by the way. That is so, so the front office sports, that exclusive Adam Schefter could be a candidate to replace wos ESPN's senior NBA insider.


In this scenario, Shefter would cover both the NFL and NBA as what a source called the Ultimate Insider. That source Adam Shefter. I love the fact 100%. He said, Hey, they're talking about me being the ultimate Insider. I Love the fact that he, there's an Adam Shefter for Adam Shefter out there. Yes. That breaks the s News. But It was Adam Shefter. Yeah. So He's just sent it to them. He is, He's a one man show man. I mean, I hope we can get him still on the show if he becomes the ultimate insider. Yeah. You just do it for the Ultimate Insider title. There's nothing you can do when someone says, Hey, you wanna be the ultimate insider? Fuck yes I do. Is He gonna do news now? Is he gonna do like, he's gonna replace CNN Everything. He's the ultimate insider. Okay. Good job. Cool Throne. Oh, Cool Throne.


That my Cool Throne was gonna be Jimmy Carter. Ah, Congrats to Jimmy Carter. Yeah. Should, should I do my fire fest right now? 'cause it happened today. Yeah. Yeah. Bad fire fest. Bad fire fest. I won't do one on Friday. But this morning we came into the office a little bit early, had to get here at 9:00 AM We were doing a commercial shoot. And so I, I get in my car, start up, the El Camino running beautifully as always. And I never take the highway to go to work. This Is the part that confused me In the El Camino. I never take the highway. I usually take a back road for many reasons. Number one, just being on the highway with that car. If I have to go fast, sometimes it's a little dicey. But I got on the highway traffic.


Was, was there A thought beforehand? Like I'm screw the highway. Yeah. Was, yeah. Was there like a, a one second, like, oh shit, this is a bad idea. Highway? No. No. So I take it on the highway a lot, but it's just better to, it's cooler to drive it around at like 35 miles per hour. I Also have a question. Yes. Max. Yeah. Is the camino the everyday car? I feel like it's the everyday Car. It has been in the summer. Yeah, It is Since October. Well, I had, I had it, I it for July, August, September. Ran beautifully. All three of those months. I was on a nice little hot streak. Got the license plate. Everything's looking good on it. It's been in good shape. I get it on the highway. I took the highway this morning because it was about seven minutes faster and I figured, okay, I'll use those seven minutes.


Probably not a bad idea to take it on the highway, which I've done before. And I get about halfway to the office and I'm in the middle lane and the car just turns off. It just shuts down. And traffic is pretty bad at this point. It's not super bad, but it's, it's bad. I can't change lanes. I'm going up a hill. I'm only, I've only got probably 20, 30 more feet left of coasting in front of me. And I can't move the car at all. And. it just stops. And. it dies. And if you live in Chicago and you're going east on 90 on Wednesday, on Tuesday morning, I would like to take out a full page ad Yes. On part of my take and apologize to you because I, I was the reason for the traffic jam because it died in the middle of the fucking highway today.


Did Max can attest to this. I was walking around the office not saying, goddammit, why did PFT take the El Camino? I just was going around just to everyone be like, why the fuck is he on 90? I was just so mad. I was like, why did he do that? Yeah, I'd never do it. I never do it unless it's like super early where it saves me 10 minutes or if it's late at night, I'll take the highway sometimes. But it was, it was a nightmare. Having your car die in The middle, in The middle of the highway In rush hour. And then I start getting, You're a piece of shit. I, I was a piece of shit this morning. I don't know what's wrong with it. It's been running perfectly. And then I had people going around me and once every two minutes a car would stop as they're going around me, roll their window down and be like, Hey, PFT, Ah.


And I'd be like, I can't, I can't like wave at 'em. I'm just like sitting there being miserable. This Gives me anxiety. You just telling the story. I was Sitting, there's brutal. I was sweating. I tried to listen to a podcast, just take my mind off it. But then I felt guilty about listening to a podcast, just waiting for the tow truck. I, it was too busy for me to get outta the car and push it to the side. And then eventually a very nice dude in a cement mixer stopped parked across two lanes of traffic. Got out and he's like, Hey, put a neutral. I put a neutral and put it, I rolled it to the side of the road. Physically Or in the cement mixer Truck? No, physically just gave it a shove. Then I'm on the side of the road. Just So you could've done that. No, no. It, it was, it was not safe for one per, I couldn't Got It.


Yeah. Yeah. I couldn't get That makes Sense out. Push it, get back in and drive it. Because you Couldn't go through the whip. No, because also traffic was going at that point, almost full speed around me because they get next to me. He gave You a block Then swerve off that he blocked. Yeah, he's my full back. And so he shoves me. Then I'm sitting on the side of the road. I've got awls that are stopping pulling over for a picture. We have an interview coming Up. We've got an interview coming up and I'm just sitting there and there's an a deal. We had a commercial And I, in the past, I've not taken the El Camino if it's a long trip or if it's something that we know that we absolutely cannot be late for. But I have driven it to the office every day for like the last three months and it's been perfect.


And so yeah, it got, it got towed up to the shop and I think this is, is God telling me I can't have it all? No, you can't drive it after summer. Yeah. October. That was the problem. It's probably too, it was like 60 degrees this morning. It's a September car. It's Too cold, Man. I still got Jayden, which is nice. Yeah. Alright. I, I don't, I, my terone was gonna be Chef chefs are becoming the ultimate insider. I had just a Hot Seat real quick before we get to Booger. And this comes from C Chi socks fan Mike. This is a tweet from October 1st, 2023. So exactly one year ago today.


Okay. He said thank you to all my White Sox Twitter friends for sharing another season of Sox baseball with me. This was the worst season I can remember. But the good news is that next year can't be any worse. It got way worse. It was worse. It got way, way worse. I don't think it can get worse than this. I, Jerry Reinsdorf could do that. I, I dunno if you guys read that article. So the White Sox went from, they won 60 games last year. They won 41 this year. So it got way worse if they L if they lose more games next year, I will, I will eat human shit. Okay. I should have said that. I shouldn't have said that out Loud. The Jerry Reinsdorf the story in the athletic detailing, just everything about the White Sox organization was insane.


He is such a shithead. They have a plane that only has eight first class seats Okay. For a major league baseball club. They also have to like outsource their own analytics. They said that some of the guys, like teams are obviously so advanced in analytics now in baseball. One of the, there was an anonymous source that was I think in their farm system and the coaching staff on his exit interview before the season ended, they told him in the off season he has to work on his command. If you want to get really mad, just think about how much money Jerry Reinsdorf has made on that team this year. He bought the team for I think it was like a bushel of blueberries and $19 million.


Yeah. And. it still makes money and you, and he doesn't have to spend money on it. And You know, what's the craziest part? He, if you ask Jerry Reser if he said this, he says this on the record. Yeah. He cares more about the White Sox than the Bulls. Yeah. That's the craziest part. That is his favorite. His baseball's his favorite sport in the entire world. And he's this much of a shithead. What does He like about baseball? What does he, what does he like about the White Sox Crack of the bat when they, when they lose this many games? The, The lack of analytics. Nobody got shot this year at a White Sox, Dave or a White Sox game this year. Right. Some White Sox, Dave. Yeah. With their belly fat. The belly Fat. Yeah. Smuggled the pistol in. Yeah. I, I do feel bad for White Sox fans. It's, It's brutal. But it's just Jerry Reiner's a piece of shit and he just like, he's a, he's a monster.


He's an absolute Monster. Isn't there a a for the betterment of baseball clause? There should be. Isn't that? I think that's something that the, that the commissioner has for the good of the game. They, you can step in and make Jerry sell the team. Take it away. Yeah. But then, but then if he sells the White Sox, So it's the Seventh Amendment or something. What is that? 25th? 25th Amendment. 25th Amendment. Yeah. Yeah. But if he sells the team, then the Bulls become his favorite team and then he'll put all that losing energy into the Bulls. I think the White Sox still would be his favorite team. He'd still show up. Yeah. He'd still show up. He's got a, he's got a, they said that he has a secret door in his suite that goes to the analytics department, which is just one guy with like a, a mouse on a wheel. Is, is Jerry Reinsdorf a better owner or a human being?


I guess human being? Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. As of right now. I don't know. Six championships. 2005. Yeah. I mean he, he got Michael Jordan seven what? The White Sox 1 0 5. Yeah. Count the rings. Yeah. I Think he might be a better owner. He might be a better owner. I think he's a better owner than a human being. He could be a And he's a really bad owner. Yeah. Alright, let's get to our interview with Booger. Before we do that, PFT, you got a quick ad?


I do. Yeah. Before we get to our good friend Booger McFarland, it's brought to you by football by Thursday Night Football on Amazon. This week we got a great game coming up. We got the Tampa Bay Buccaneers And. we have the revamped Atlanta Falcons NFC South. Join Al Kirk Kaley Hartung for this crucial divisional matchup. It's only on Prime video coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party. TNF tonight live from Atlanta. Carissa Thompson hosting it. I'm excited to watch this game B and Kirk going at it. Two, two pretty fun teams to watch. I'd say on Prime time, are the Falcons going to give the ball to Bijon? Are they gonna stay on Algeria? Who knows. Young way. Coup superstars. If you're not a Prime member, it's not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the box of the Falcon 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football. And it's on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details. Watch Thursday Night Football. You're gonna watch it. You can't stop watching football. Football's the best. Enjoy it.


And now here's booger. Okay, we now welcome on our very, very good friend, very special guest. He knows everything about college. NFL. It is Booger McFarland. You can see him on ESPN. Boo. Thank you for joining us. I love when you come on in the fall because we can talk both college and NFL. Which would you like to start with? 'cause I have questions for both. I'd like to start with Pro because that allows us to get to the Washington Commanders and I know one half of you are really excited about that. Yeah, I'm very Excited. Alright, so let's Do it. So I'm happy all the time, boo. It's amazing. Like my entire mood has changed just watching football this year. Alright, So, so let's start with that. What is the ceiling for the Washington Commanders this season?


Because it feels like it's been adjusted to, they might be the best team in the NFC East. Yeah, I, I think it, it's two parts to that. One, the Philadelphia Eagles, there's something going on in their locker room. Like if you look at their last 10 or so games, like they've only won like two out of their last 10 or something like that. Jalen, hers is talking about he and the coach or, you know, kind of sometimes get along, sometimes they don't. The defensive line seems to be outta shape. They're nowhere near what they were during their Super Bowl year that there's something amiss there. And Dallas, like Dallas can't get outta their own way. Plus Michael Parsons, DeMarcus Lawrence are injured and outside of CD Lamb, who is Dak throwing the football to. Yeah. And the Giants are the giants. And you couple all of that with the fact that Jayden Daniels looks to be not just the best rookie quarterback, he's among the top 15 quarterbacks in football with the way he's taking care of the football, his accuracy and the dynamic feature that he brings with his leg.


So it's early. I I I, I do caution PFT with that. It's early, but the Washington Commanders look like the best team in the NFC East right now. Okay. I was thinking back to the last time I was this happy as a Commanders fan. It was probably towards the end of the 2012 season when RG three went on, that, that run. But people forget that when we started that season, RG three had a great first game, no doubt about it, against the Saints. And he, he was a, a solid quarterback in the first half of the season two. But the team wasn't that great. I think we started out three and six. This seems to be like, if I were to compare that season with this year, I think Jayden Daniels is a better quarterback right now than RRG three was in 2012, at least through four games.


I, I think what he's doing is a little bit more sustainable than what Griffin did back, back in 2012. I know that K Shahan kind of changed the offense at that point and installed some stuff we haven't seen. But I, I am also guarding myself against the fact that the first four defenses that we played against haven't been that great. And I don't know if they haven't been that great because they played against us or if it's just the commanders are, are beating up on relatively easy defenses. So you tell me, do you think what Jayden's doing, is that a model for a sustainable quarterback in the NFL? Absolutely. Because there's a couple of differences and a couple of reasons why it's sustainable and, and are kind of one and the same. If you remember RG three early on, he wowed you with his legs.


Like there was a 50 or 60 yard run in there somewhere. Jayden is yet really to break one of those 50 60 yard. Michael Vick, Lamar Jackson runs, everything he's doing right now is with his arm and his poise. And I think number two, doesn't he seem like he's just moving in slow motion. Like he's having fun, like he's calm, like the, like the game's not too fast for him. And to me that's the sign of somebody that understands the offense that he is in. He understands what his role is and he knows that he's got some Playmakers in Terry McClarin and he's able to get the football to them. And so there's some subtle differences. But I think you look at his accuracy, I think he's what, 79, 80, 80% completion percentage. I think you couple that with the, with just his poise and demeanor, man.


Like you gotta feel really good about what you see behind center. Like you juxtaposed that to Will Levis, will Levis looks like all hell's about to break loose every time he touches the football. Yes. And Will Levis has been in the league a couple years now. I know he hadn't played a lot of football, but you just compare and contrast that to Jayden Daniels and just look at the two. It's like daylight and dark. And that's why I think this is sustainable because once you get to a point where the game is moving slow, Patrick Mahomes, CJ Shroud, Josh Allen, the game moves really slow, then you feel like you can dictate to defense is what you wanna do. And. it almost seems like Jayden is doing that right now and that's really unheard of for a rookie outside of maybe what CJ Shroud did last year. Yeah, It it does, it is. It's, it looks like the game is easy.


He's playing on easy mode, rookie mode right now. Alright, so I had a question off of something you just said there. You said it's, you know, it's early. When is it no longer early, what point of the season are you kind of are what you are and you gotta go forward with what that is. Alright, let's have a little fun here. Normally in baseball they say look up win after Memorial Day, right? Yep. Yep. So what, what holiday do you think we look at in football and say that's that's our kind of line of demarcation where we can look up and kind of know who's who? Columbus Day. Yeah. No, not Columbus Day. Halloween. Halloween. Halloween guys. Okay, let's, let's get to, let's get to Halloween and by then everybody will take their mask off and you know who's who.


Oh, that's the easy way to remember. That's by the time you get, by the time you get to Halloween, everyone takes their mask off, puts their costume up, and you realize who's who. So it's still early until we get done trick or treating. By the way, by the way, Big. Cat, I know you have kids. PFT not really sure about you, I would guess. No. Right now I have a 4-year-old Son, Chris that I made up. Okay, Perfect. What kind of candy are we giving out for Halloween? Ah, So I do everything in my house. My kids love every, every candy. I, I gotta, I'm not worried about the candy. The candy's easy. I gotta figure out what I'm gonna be for Halloween because my son keeps saying he wants me to be an eyeball. So I think I have to be, what is it?


What's Monsters Inc. Oh yeah. Who's That guy? I don't know, but I think I have to be, he keeps saying he wants me to be an eyeball. I don't know where that came from, but I gotta figure out my, my costume is very important to me in Halloween because I want my kids to like, like see the fun of it. Like I dress up with them and I have a lot of fun with them. So it's like, that's what I'm stressed about. If I were you, I'd just be like, stay puff. Okay. Alright. That works too. I'm wearing kind of a stay puff sweatshirt right now That works. Yeah. Kind of. Yeah. Everything fits you. You don't have to add anything, you just kind of fit me. Just kind of feel right in, you know, I Feel like that was always gonna go to stay puff. Yeah, He, he was setting you up for that. I like to give out, I like to give out, you know, good sized candy bars. I like to be known as the house on the street that hands out the full size because you remember that house?


You Do. Or Maybe just, maybe I'll just zigzag this year and hand out toothbrushes. There was always a dentist in the neighborhood. Yeah. Or the random guy who handed out like quarters. Yeah. It's like, what the fuck? Or just do apples and then have the parents freak out like, yeah. Careful there's a razor in there. Yeah, 100% a razor. All right, so, so sticking with the NFL The Ravens, yeah. Are the Ravens. So they start oh and two, they're very close. You know, obviously the game against the Raiders was like how do you lose that game? But do you think this Ravens team is a Super Bowl caliber team? 'cause I'm starting to buy back in on the Ravens, the way they're running the football. Derrick Henry look like, I thought Derrick Henry would be washed at this point.


He rips off an 87 yard run on Sunday night football. It's what the hell just happened. So it like, do you see the Ravens as the best team to challenge the Chiefs in the A FC or is it, or is it another team? Well, the Ravens have been a Super Bowl contender for the last two or three years. So that's nothing new. I, I think what's gonna make the Ravens different this year is if we can get the Ravens we saw against Buffalo in December and January. Yeah. Like the Ravens won what, 14 games last year? 13. Like they've been a contender for a while. That's nothing new. Can we get Lamar in the postseason to make those plays that he hadn't made the last couple years? What, where you can beat a Patrick Mahomes, you can beat a Josh Adam.


Like, nobody remembers September guys. We remember December and January and so while, you know, we up Monday morning, everybody on man team the best in football. Okay. Everybody's been playing football for four or five months. The body's a little sore, the body's a little tired. Can Lamar Jackson handle the, the mental pressure that he's gonna be under to deliver in the postseason? Because as great as he's been, and he's been great. He's on the way to be a hall of famer. He's a two time MVP. He's come up small in the postseason. Lamar Jackson, Dak Prescott have both come up small in the postseason. And so nothing they really do, they'll do, or nothing they can really do in September is gonna really change my mind.


They have to change my mind come December and January. Yeah. Yeah. What about the NFC West? I, I think that's an interesting division because you've got the Niners who going into the season, everybody thought, okay, we're gonna get the same Niners again. Now they've got some serious injury issues, not just with McCaffrey. He's seen like German doctors, which is, it's never a good sign if you have to leave the continent to go see a doctor. That's usually bad. And then you've got, obviously Deebo and, and IU hasn't looked great this season so far. That might be a little, little leftovers from missing all training camp. But you've got them, and then you've got the Seahawks who I think look really good. I think the Seahawks, you know, despite the fact they lost Monday Night Football, I think they look very good offensively.


I, I think their defense is okay, and I trust their head coach a lot. So in that division, I don't know. I, I feel like the 49 ERs, they were great before they had McCaffrey. Right. So even, let's just say McCaffrey doesn't come back this season. Do you still count them as, as the favorites to win that division or is it gonna be somebody else? They, they can win the division without McCaffrey. They can't win a Super Bowl without him. I think the Rams Matthew staffer seems like a shell of himself. Like he's throwing the football to the other team. They lost to the Bears. No offense Big Cat, but The Ram the Bears defense is pretty good. Okay, buddy, let's settle Down a little bit. All right. All right. Yeah. I thought you knew Ball. I guess you don't. Well, I mean, the Bears defense was good last year and they still didn't do anything, so let's not go there.


Well, they Have a quarterback now. Are you sure about that? Yeah, I am sure about that. I know you're a hater. I know you're a Kle Williams hater. I've seen what you've said. I'm, I'm not a hater. You're On the list. Okay. Okay. Let's, You're on the list. I, I want hear the list in a minute, but as, as far as the NFC West is concerned, am I concerned about, you know, Kyle Murray? No, probably not. Just because we know what Arizona's gonna be Seattle. Hmm. Gino showed me something last night. Even though they didn't win, they were missing four defensive starters last night to go into that building and take that team where they did, they showed me a little something. I think it comes down to between Seattle and San Francisco, and I think at the end of the day, San Francisco is, is good enough to win it because of their defense, but they're not gonna be able to make hay in the, in the playoffs unless they get McCaffrey back.


And, and PFTI agree with you. Anytime you have to start going and catching multiple flights that some of 'em over 10 hours to go see a doctor, that's usually, that's usually not good, because that's not the first opinion. Yeah. That's like the second or third opinion that you've gone to get. And when you gotta go to another country for a guy to tell you something good, that's usually not a good thing. Yeah. And, It feels like Chris McCaffrey every like, week, another, it, it gets more and more severe. Like next week they're just gonna be like, yeah, Chris McCaffrey doesn't have legs. Because it was just, you know, at first it was little soreness, then it was tendonitis in one, then it was tendonitis in both. Then it's just like, yeah, he, he actually hasn't walked in six months. He has no legs. Yeah. But Booger, you make a good point where you see that, you see the German doctor after you've already seen three doctors.


Correct. And each one tells you the same thing. And it's not good. It's like, it's like some of the ladies now they're going to, what is it, to outta the country? Brazil. Yeah. Puerto Rico to, to get the butt lift. Yeah. The Brazilian butt live. There's a reason America won't do it. Yeah, okay. There's a reason nobody in the States are doing it. And you gotta go outta the country to get it. It's probably usually not a good thing. It may make you feel better, but in the long run it's probably not a good thing. Yeah. So I had a question about the Vikings and Sam Darn, at what point do we say this is just a different guy, and I think I'm there already, but is there any part of you that is cautious to be like, Hey, he's gonna eventually go back to not being able to take care of the football, seeing ghosts, all that stuff?


Or are you like, Hey, this is new system, great coaching staff, great weapons. This is what he always was going to be if he was put in the right spot? I'm, I'm gonna make an analogy, And it, and it's probably gonna be pretty wild. Okay. Like, if you look at Sam Donald, he, he, he was in almost like he had to go to rehab. Yeah. And he had to go through like a 12 step program. And I think Kevin O'Connell took him through that program where he was just trying to say no to all these different things that was stopping him from being a good quarterback. All right. Like, he, like, he had to get off all the, all the bad quarterback drugs. Now does that mean he's not gonna have a relapse and have a game or two? Probably. So, but what do you do when you relapse? You go, you go back, you see your sponsor to get you back. Right. And he is ready to go.


So I think at some point he's gonna have a bad game or two. But it doesn't mean that he's going to revert back to the old Sam Donald, because I think he's, he's seen the light. Like he knows what it looks like on the other side of rehab, of, of quarterback rehab. And I think he knows when, when he gets a guy like Kevin O'Connell that says, I can put you in position where you forget all about everything that you used to do, all your bad habits, everything that had people said that you were seeing go. So Monday night, all those things. Now he's human. He's gonna have a bad game or two. But what I've seen from Sam Donald makes me believe that. I think it's here to stay as long as that pairing is there. Now, I think when the rubber's gonna meet the road is after this season, however far they go, I think Sam's gonna have a great year.


Now, if you're in Minnesota, what do you do? When Sam Donald throws for 4,000 yards and 35 touchdowns, and he wants a new contract because he's gonna want, you know, 30 or 40, he's gonna want at least the Baker Mayfield deal. Right? Right. Like three years, a hundred million. And if you're in Minnesota, are you gonna get up to get that? Give that to him with JJ McCarthy sitting there. I think that's the conversation later on. But right now, to answer your question, I am a believer in Sam Donald right now because of what I've seen and because of the play caller, they marry well together. Yeah. And, and to further your analogy, it's like Sam Donald, he went to, he went to like, you know, hardcore rehab last year with Kyle Shanahan, and now he's like halfway house with Kevin O'Connell. It's all fixed. This also this season, I feel like the theme is, it just further proves how important coaching is and time and place.


And a lot of these guys that we say are bus, it's time and place. You look how baker's playing. You look how Gino's playing, how Justin Fields is playing, how Sam Donald's playing. It's like all these guys have the talent. It's just can you be in an organization that brings the best outta you and not an organization that stunted your growth. I'll give you another one. Malik Willis. Yeah. Malik Willis was two and Oh dude. Yeah. Like, we thought Malik Willis was a bust, and all of a sudden he goes two and Oh. Because Matt LeFleur puts him in a really good position. So to your point, man, coaching matters. Isn't it amazing when somebody believes in you, man, how much that means? Yeah. Like somebody says, you know what? I think you can do it. Like, that's what I tell you every Saturday. I think you can do it. Big, big guy. Yeah. But you, but you never do it.


But I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna go in on you today. I just, I just want you to know that I do believe in you. It's amazing what happens when someone believes in you. And hopefully somebody will believe in Bryce Young, because I, I think the people in Carolina have given up on Bryce Young. And I hope somebody down the road can believe in him, because I was a bright young fan. But from what I've seen to this point, it's like, man, where's the guy that I saw at Alabama? I haven't seen him in a while. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know. That's a good point. I think there will be a team that takes a chance on him, a team that says, okay, I, I saw the tape too. I know that you're capable of making throws. I know you're capable of playing well, and, and we'll take a chance on it and see what's going on here. But from what I saw from Bryce, I didn't see any, I haven't, I don't think I've seen anything besides that one game against Green Bay last year where I thought to myself, okay, Bryce Young, I think he can play in this league.


Have you seen anything? No. He looks small. Like I knew he was small, but like, he, like he looks really small. Yeah. Like if you look at Colin Murray. Colin Murray at least has a little thickness to him. Like, Bryce Young looks like. He's like, my, my son's 13 years old and he's bigger than Bryce Young. Like, that's what he looks like out there. Yeah. And that's, that's a bad feeling when you look at yourself on tape and you see yourself and you're like, man, like, do I really fit? Like you can tell he's lacking the confidence. Do I fit, do I belong? And Dave Canales, as much as we give him the, the moniker of being a quarterback guru with what he did with Gino and what he did with Baker in Tampa, he's kind of failed Bryce Young so far.


Yeah. So we're talking a lot about quarterbacks. Let's talk about some defenses. I know you love watching the big dudes up front. What, what defenses have surprised you in a good way this season In a good way? What defenses Buffalo, other than the game against Baltimore Buffalo's defense has been lights out. When they lose both safeties, you lose Milano. Like, they got a lot of missing pieces. And other than the Buffalo game, that defense been really good now. It's been really, really good. Kansas City's defense has been lights out for the last couple years. Chicago's defense continues, thank you to be really good. Thank you. Indianapolis. Indianapolis, their defense, like, as much as we give Gus Bradley a lot of stuff because he's so vanilla, that defense has been really good.


Defense has been ahead of offense, but I feel like over the next month or so, you're gonna start to see a separation where the good defenses kind of stay ahead, but the bad ones kind of float back to the flocks a little bit. Yeah. So speaking of the Chiefs, do you think they're gonna trade for a wide receiver? Or do you think it's like, Hey, we can do this our way and we'll find a way? Because the Chiefs, I feel like, are in that, that spot. Now where Ghana is, you know where she writes if he's out for the year? Yeah. Xavier Worthy's obviously really fast, but that explosive offense isn't the same offense that they're running now, but they're just winning games and that's all they have to do. Like, just be within a touchdown with Patrick Mahomes in the second half and you're okay. They need another playmaker because they, they got too many question marks.


Like if there was just one question Mark Patrick could make up for it. But there's a question mark at left tackle, there's a question mark at wide receiver, there's a question mark at running back. You're asking Patrick to make up a lot. Yeah. Okay. Not only does he have to evade whoever's playing, you know, windshield wiper, left tackle, now he's gotta try to allow Travis Kel to get open because he's a tick slow. Now you gotta deal with a rookie number one receiver and Xavier worthy. So there's a lot of question marks they need to solve one of those question marks. And so do I think they go get a, a piece or a receiver? Yeah. 'cause that's the easiest one to solve. And there are a lot of guys out there. Could you imagine this? Imagine the Chiefs with Devonte Adams. Yeah.


Yeah. I mean, would that be out of the world if they, if they offer, if they offer the Raiders a one, what? And if you're the Raiders, would you get rid of him? W What? Ab what about, what about the Chiefs with Tyreek Hill? Could you imagine that? Well, they had him, they'd let him go. What? Isn't there a rule? I, I saw, I think Ian Rappaport tweeted this out yesterday. There's a rule that if you trade a player or if you lose a player, you can't get him back on your team. For what? Like two seasons. What? But yeah, they were talking, were talking about Bryce Huff. Huff. Yeah. If you, if if you, if you trade a guy or Hassan Red, he can't Yeah, Yeah. Hassan Red. You can't trade a guy back to the original team for like two seasons. So I don't think that applies to Tyreek Hill because it wasn't a trade, I don't think.


Right. Well, was it it was a Free agent. I Thought it was a trade. No, I don't think it was a trade. Was Tyre a free agent? I think it was a trade. I don't know. Y'all got computers in front of you. We Do have computers. That's a good point. That's a good point. But how we got our research boys in the back working on it right now. Yeah, I gotcha. Yeah, because okay, I'm gonna find it. I'm gonna find it. I'm Find it. I think it was a business decision by the Chiefs not to correct Cor Correct. I thought he was a free agent. No, No, no. They traded him for five draft picks. Oh really? Yeah. Yeah, he did. I was right. Yeah. Yeah. So he Can't go back to the Chiefs. That was 2022. So he probably can't, I Think it's two seasons. Yeah, It was two. It was two seasons. Two, four, Season four. These rules. Yeah. That's a stupid rule. I'd never heard of that rule before.


I think, I think Deandre Hopkins on the Chiefs would be a great Fit. Yeah. Yeah. Because they need somebody that can work. If you notice what Rashe Rice was doing, like Worthy can still do the deep stuff. Travis Kelsey is kind of the jack of all trades a little bit as far as being a tight end and underneath, they need somebody that can run routes and get open and separate. I don't know if d if D Hop is the guy that can still, like, he's still a good receiver, but can he separate? He's more that 50 50 ball guy. Like they need a, they need somebody like a, I I, I'll throw a name out there for you. I, and I, and, and I'm not saying this is the guy, but imagine somebody like a Hunter Rero that can work the middle and get open really quick. Like they need somebody like that. Not Hunter Rero. 'cause I don't think I, I don't think they need him, but somebody like that.


'cause that's what Rice was starting to do. Work the middle, get open, the slants, the, the comebacks, all those little things. Maybe La McConkey, Adam Thilan, maybe Luke McCaffrey, that type of guy. Like somebody like McCaffrey. Yeah. Adam Thilan, Cooper Deje Adam. Yeah. No Cooper. No, not Cooper's a db. These are, yeah. Oh, Riley Cooper is what I was saying. Riley Cooper. Riley Cooper. Cooper. Yeah. Like a West Weer type. Yeah. And, and, and, and Yeah, maybe. Okay. Yeah. Someone like the Braxton Barrios kind of guy. I think A Wayne Cbet. Yeah. Is that who you're thinking Of? Supposed to be a good fit? Maybe Ed McCaffrey. Ed McCaffrey could probably still play. Let's, let's keep going back. Getting old white receivers. Let's keep going. Whoa, whoa, whoa.


We don't see color here. Yeah, I, I I know Me either. I'm just, I'm just, look, I'm just observing what you're saying. I Could play this game all day. Booger. Yeah.


Booger is brought to you by Uber Eats. Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one, get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week, all season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply, see the app for details.


And now more booger. Talk to me about Aaron Rogers and what's going on with the Jets, because it feels like Aaron Rogers has been like, secretly not so secretly calling, calling the show up there in New York for the last couple seasons and it didn't look good. Maybe it was the weather. Maybe it was the weather. But what have you seen from Aaron? Do you think that he's still got it? Yeah, Aaron's still got it. I I think Aaron is trying to figure out what he has around him. They got a lot of talent, man. You got Garrett Wilson, you got Brie Hall, you got Braylon Allen, you got Lazar. Like, they got weapons. It, it, it was very shocking that they only scored nine points. And that's Aaron's fault. Like we can blame the weather. You can say whatever. Bo Nicks had what? 10 and you had nine.


So a rookie in his fourth start out scored you. And I know the Broncos defense is good, but the jet defense is good also. But as far as a guy who played defense in the National Football League for about a decade, if we hold a team to 10 points, I expect to win that game 97% of the time. And the fact that we lost that game, that's on Aaron Rogers. And I think in a private moment, Aaron Rogers will tell you that he's gotta be better. And Aaron is kind of like the old guy, guy that's stuck in his own, stuck in his own ways. And here's what I mean. He wants the offense to run the way that he wants to. There's, there's so much going on in offense right now. Like if you look at what you guys are doing in Washington, a lot of motion, a lot of zone read, a lot of shotgun, like e everything is movement. It's a lot of innovative stuff.


The jets aren't doing that. It's Aaron at the line of scrimmage dictating and like, they gotta evolve a little bit, man. And Aaron's gotta be better so he can still throw it. Go back to that Monday night against the 49 ERs. The arm is still there, but offensively he and his, he and his best friend Nathaniel Hackett have gotta figure it out. Yeah. It does feel, it does feel bad. Alright, so I got some college questions for you. Booger, Before we get to college, can I, I do have a, I do have a question for you guys. Yeah. Okay. If you were to find yourself in a Shannon Sharp situation Yeah. How would you handle that? So if that were to happen to me, I would be the happiest person on Earth. But nobody, the problem would be nobody would think that was real. They'd be like, oh, pf t's playing a prank on us.


Yeah. Like this Is no, that you actually would, we, we actually are in a good spot where anything that we fuck up, we can just be like, ha ha joke. Yeah. It was, it was satire. Yeah. I was doing a a satir of social media. Yeah. A social experiment. It did scare me though, because the, his explanation was that he's never been live on Instagram. And then he tossed his phone, And it went live. And I think people look back on it, and I don't think he had been live before. So now I feel like I've got this ticking time bomb in my pocket that's liable to go live. But never in a million years would it catch me having sex with a woman who is enjoying it. And and she's and she's kind of giving you a lot of accolades during that. Yes, exactly. It would, it would, whatever the case may be, it would not come off as good as it did for Shannon Sharp.


Well, just so you know, when I heard it, I started thinking about people who could pull it off and kind of get away with it. And the first person I thought about was you, just so you know. That's why I bring it up. I Appreciate that. See, when I heard it, I started jerking off. Oh, please tell me, please tell me. You were, you were at home and No, I was at work. I was like, hold on guys, I gotta go take a piss. I wanna know what Skip Bayless's first thought was That's that. Honestly, my first reaction was like, what is He probably was, it should have been me. Well, no, 'cause Skip and Ernestine sleep in separate bedrooms. Yeah. So that would never go on. Yeah. Alright. Oh wow. So a booger college. Yes. First question, does Kirby Smart have an Alabama problem?


'cause it feels like he does one in six all time against them. And the one you could make the argument, we're not gonna do what ifs, but you could make the argument Jameson Williams doesn't tear his ACL and that game maybe goes different. So what is the deal? Georgia has been so good for Oh, his whole stretch there, but they seem to not be able to take down Alabama. And you thought maybe it'd change, maybe it was a Nick Saban problem, but Saturday night happens and they just looked, I know credit to them for the comeback, but they looked not ready for the fight when it came, when it, when when the ball was kicked off in Tuscaloosa. I'll put it to you this way. There's an old saying that I learned a long time ago, never accept a carbon copy of the original.


Oh. 'cause at, at some point the, the carbon copy is gonna fall a little bit short. When Kirby built Georgia, he built it what he saw at Alabama. You can't duplicate that. Now Kirby has won two national championships and it's one hell of a program and they recruit better than anybody else. But when they go against Alabama, it's the carbon copy going against the original. Right. And I don't think he has a saving problem. 'cause saving is not there. I just think the kids at Alabama step on the field saying, your team is built like, like us, but there's something about us that you can't replicate. And Kirby hasn't been able to replicate it. And I think it's mental.


Yeah. I don't think it's physical. I just think it's a mentality of how Nick Saban built that team, the culture. And Caleb Dubbo came in and I think the smartest thing he did was kind of keep Saban around. Saban's got an office in the, in the, in the facility or in the, in the, in the stadium. So Saban can kind of help the bo keep the, the, the One thing that I think is the most important thing in College, Football is the culture. Right? How do you, how do you keep 17 to 21 year olds in this time locked in and not worried about NIL and focused and ready to run through a wall for you. It's the culture in your building. And it's amazing how he's done that. And so I think that's the, that's the issue for Georgia. Georgia's got talent. Georgia recruits, Georgia's got more five stars than anybody.


Like they recruit better than anybody. But what they can't do is they can't play bully ball with Alabama. They can't play mental mind tricks with Alabama because Alabama started this like, like, like, like we're the one who started this gangster stuff, you know? Yeah. Like there's nothing, there's nothing you can do that we haven't done before. And so I, I just think it's something that Kirby's gonna have to figure out. They gotta get over the hump. But as, as, as Tom Jackson and Boomer would say, once it's an accident, two is a problem, three is a trend. Like there's a trend here. Yeah. All right. One in what? One in six. That's a trend. Yeah. And he's gotta figure it out. Yeah. And it, the culture thing is a great point because you could make the same argument that Ryan Day trying to replicate Urban's culture is part of why they've fallen short with Michigan.


Because urban, that culture, it didn't matter. You could get kids from Florida, Texas, California. For some reason, urban was able to say to them, Hey, it matters to beat Michigan and you play for Ohio State. And like there, you would see that in the games. Ryan Day feels like that culture has fallen short with Michigan And Ryan Day. I I think the kids feel his anxiety. Yeah. They, they feel that this is the biggest game in his life. Like Ryan Day is what, 56 and eight or 57 and eight in his career. And of those eighties lost what, three to Michigan. And they're ready to fire him. Like if he doesn't beat Michigan this year, there's a strong chance he's gone. Yeah. And so Ryan Day doesn't have a coach brought, he's got a Michigan issue.


Yes. Whereas I think Kirby Kirby is, is trying to, is trying to figure out how to kind of replicate and kind of put the finishing pieces on what he built. Replicating Alabama, Ohio state's, trying to figure out how do we beat that team? How do we beat that team that's given us so, so many issues and so many problems. And I feel for Ron Day, Ron day's a good coach. Yeah. The Chicago Bears the Bears. Yeah. You know, this Big Cat, the Bears wanted to hire Ron Day at one point. Yeah. Yeah. I mean the Bears have their own culture issue, but that's, that's neither here we're talking college now. I I do have a college question for you. Yeah. It's actually a question about your question. So I think you tweeted this out over the weekend when you were watching college ball, you said, here's a question.


Why do college kickers seem to wet the bed more times than not in pressure game winning tying kicks? I have a theory, but would love to hear from you all, especially my football brethren. Ooh, what was your theory? My theory is this, is that football players, like we spend two and a half hours practicing in the heat, getting mentally fatigued and developing mental toughness. Kickers don't do that. Kickers come out kick for like 20, 30 minutes a day. They sit around, they play marbles and tiddly winks and they're not mentally tough. And so when you get in those pressure moments, they haven't been mentally hardened. Okay. And so they literally to bed, like if you look at the kid for ole Miss, like it was a 48 yard field goal and he didn't even get close.


Yeah. Like, it wasn't even remotely near the, near the goalpost. And that's not, that's not talent. That's just mental toughness, man. That's like the moment is getting too big. And when he's getting ready to pull that right leg back, he's like, oh no. Oh no. What if I miss and then he shanks it. And so my theory is just that, is that I think you have to have a way, and what my coach used to do back in college is we would bring the kicker up at the end of practice. And if he made it, then we didn't have to run. If he missed, we had to run more gases. And so now there's pressure on the kick, not only pressure for you, but what you does affects everybody else on the team. Because if you miss, we gotta run more and we're gonna be dog cussing you after, after we get done running. So you, you are the guy who's been over there in the air conditioning for the last two hours while we've been practicing.


You better make this kick. And so I just think kickers are mentally weak man. And some coaches have gotta figure out a way to mentally toughen up kickers. I like I love that your theory is that kickers are wimps. Yeah. I think, I think there's some water to that. Yeah. Maybe the coaches like just say, I'm gonna kidnap your family if you miss this kick in practice. But then, but then they don't actually And it. They just, on the video board, they put up the family. It's ai. Do you have like an AI video of the family? Ah, yeah. Yeah. Here it is. Here's the family. I'm gonna kidnap booger. Do you have a Heisman vote? No, I do not have a Heisman vote. So why is Travis Hunter your Heisman? Well, because I think, you know, the Heisman is given to the best player in College Football. Yes. It, it's, it's never been the best quarterback.


We've made it the best quarterback. Yes. And I think it's still gonna be the best quarterback, but I think if you look through five weeks, he's been the best player in the country. Yes. Like he, like he's got, I don't know what, almost four or 500 yards receiving. He's got a couple of picks. Like he's playing more plays than anybody. What he does is unreal. Think about it this way. He could be a top five pick at receiver and a top five pick at corner. Yep. I don't think any, I don't think anybody, I can't remember anybody that's ever done that. Like Charles Woodson only had 12 catches or so I think his, the year he won the Heisman champ Bailey, the, the, the last guy. I saw it do both ways. 'cause Champ Bailey was in my era, champ didn't have that many catches. Like this dude's got like 30 or 40 catches already.


He may wind up with like 90 catches and like eight or nine picks. Yeah. Like that's unheard of. Just, just to be clear. Yeah. He has 46 catches, 561 yards and six touchdowns right now on the season. I think he has, I think he has three picks or something. It's, it's pretty crazy. That was a, that was a do you know ball question and you passed 'cause he is the Heisman. Yeah. He should be the Heisman. It's crazy that people are gonna ding him for Colorado maybe not being one of the best teams, but I'm so sick of the Heisman just going to the best quarterback on the best team. Like, that's not how the award should work, But that's how the award does work because people who really don't know ball need something to quantify.


Yeah. What they, what what, what's the first thing they look at? Stats. Yeah. Yeah. And as as, as always tell them stats are like bikinis. They show something, but not all things. And so I just, I I just tell the stats, people just step up, take a step back and just look at ball. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They, they have an opportunity to prove that they know ball if they do the right thing and vote. Travis Hunter for the Heisman Trophy, he's the best College Football player in the country. I don't think, I don't think it's particularly close. There's some good quarterbacks, but none of them are as good at football as Travis Hunter. Yeah. He needs to be, he needs to be the Heisman winner. Yeah. The other guy who might challenge him and who I've actually been a believer in who's starting to get to a point where people are not doubting him anymore. Jalen Monroe.


Yeah. Are you in that, in that camp where you're like, okay, we know that he's struggled at times as a passer, but he has been lights out and I, there's something that he, like, he does things on the field that you shouldn't be allowed to do. Like you shouldn't be able to run sideways against an SEC defense and, and turn the corner on an entire defense. And he does it easily. So are you in like the Jalen Millrose as the real deal camp? Yeah. And I think Kirby Smart put it the best. He might be the best running back in the country and he can throw the football. Yeah. Like, like that's something that makes him special and, and in his day and age, guys. And, and, and you tell me what you think. I think the biggest cheat code in football, it's not covered to like Mel Kuer thinks it's not a blitz.


I think the biggest cheat code in football is a quarterback that can run because it changes everything. It changes the way we play defense. It changes how you call offense. It changes everything around. If you have a quarterback that can run and he doesn't have to be like, Joe Montana's a pass, he just needs to be average. Like if he's an average passer, he's phenomenal. If you look at Anthony Richardson, Anthony Richardson was the fourth pick in the draft. He'd only started 13 games, but because his athleticism was so vast And, it was so unbelievable. He's the fourth pick in the draft. And teams will say, I can develop him as a passer. I think Jalen Miro is gonna be the same way. And don't be surprised, and I know this is not specifically about the college game, but don't be surprised if he's a first round picket quarterback.


Ooh, I like that. And if, and if you would've said that a year ago when he got benched against USL, people would've said, you're crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I was at the Texas game and he couldn't, he couldn't complete a pass. It was like, this is crazy. They, he can't, he can't throw a pass 10 yards down the field. And now Yeah, he just looks Incredible. And he seems like a good dude too. Really good dude. Like a, just a, a good human being. I don't know. Is he a better human being or a football player? Last year, I would've said much better human being than football player this year. I don't know. I think he might be a better football player. He, he is developing, you gotta give his coaching and he works like the kid works his ass off, man. Like I was, I live here in Tampa and my buddy owns a facility where they get guys who are quote unquote potential combine guys for the following year to come down.


And Jalen Miro came down with all the Alabama receivers and dbs and all that stuff. And so I saw him here in Tampa throwing the football like last spring. And just, you know, not that he was getting ready for the draft, but he just wanted to come get some work in. And he was just down here working like the dude's, he's 6 2, 6 3, he's two 20. Like, like he looks the part, like, he looks unbelievably built and he's, and and his, the mental game of how you play quarterback is starting to marry up with, with his physical traits. And Kalin DeMar is showing not only can I coach Michael Pennix Jr. Who's a passer, I can build an offense around a guy who's quote unquote a runner. And I think, yeah, you, you gotta give Kalin a lot of credit because coaching really matters as we've learned.


Yes. If you can as a coach, you gotta put your guys in position to succeed. And Caleb is doing that, so kudos to him. Yeah. Okay. So we've got Quinn viewers coming back for the, for the Longhorns against Oklahoma for the Red River Shootout. We still call it the Shootout. Watching Eli or watching Arch Manning the last few weeks. Do you think that if he struggles, it might be a, a quick hook for him? And it sounds crazy to say because we've had viewers playing really well in Texas when he is on the field for the last couple seasons. But what you see with Arch adds a little bit of a different dimension to the offense sometimes. So do you think that there might be a chance that viewers would get benched not because of an injury this season, but if he goes out there and doesn't play up to his potential?


No, I don't. And I, I think there's a, there's a, a level of loyalty that Steve Sarkisian has. And I think it goes back to when he, when he recruited those guys, and I think he, he's, he's built trust in them. And that's why those guys like, that's why Arch is not gonna transfer because Arch knows that when his time is is is up or, or when his time is, is is up, is there to be the quarterback. He's gonna be the quarterback. Like he doesn't, he doesn't, he knows that Steve is not gonna go bring somebody else in, so he'll patiently wait his turn. But if you go back and look at what Quinn yours did in Ann Arbor against Michigan, like they, they took Michigan apart. Yeah.


I think they're one of the best teams in the country and as long as he's healthy, I think the level of loyalty that SARC has to Quinn is gonna allow him to put Quinn back in and allow Arch to say, okay, my turn is coming. That goes back to culture. Yeah. Culture, it's built. I know I'm the next guy in line and if, if, if Quinn gets hurt, I'll step in. Or if Quinn has a, I don't know if, if Quinn gets dinged and I gotta go in for a series or two. Yeah, Sark will do that, but I I, I don't think he's gonna pull in for poor play because if he pulls Quinn for poor play, then Archie's gotta say, well, when it's my turn, what makes me think he won't pull me? Right. And so I think I, I think there's a level that Sark has to, has to build.


Like he's built enough trust and enough equity with those guys where, where, where he's not gonna have to do that as far as pulling Quinn for Arch or when Arch's time is there to pull Arch for somebody else Who in the SEC, let's say the SEC gets four teams in the College Football playoff. Who are those four teams? Alabama, Georgia, Tennessee, Texas. Okay. So Ole Miss, that was a, that was a pretty bad loss for Ole Miss at home against the team. Like that was the ole miss of Old where they just beat up on these really bad teams to start the season, score a million points. And then they face a bully and their oline kind of faltered.


And it's just like, is this the same thing? Are they going to, is this gonna happen again where they play Alabama or they play Georgia and they just get bullied at the line of scrimmage again because that, it feels it was going that way. No, I'll give Ole Miss a little, a little. I'm not gonna beat 'em up too bad. Kentucky's defensive line is really good. Like they got three or four pros up there in their, and they're too deep. But this was supposed to be the year right? For Ole Miss, right? Yeah. We went out, we got Walter Nolan, we, we got Prince, whatever his name is from Florida. Like they got all these good players. Jackson Dart's back Lane Kiffin is new and improved. But to your point, it kind of looked like the same ole Miss. Yeah.


You know, as, as long as the game is running, shoot, they can play, but when it becomes a street fight, they couldn't play the game. And we'll see, they, they play South Carolina in, in in Columbia and Willie B's gonna be rocking. South Carolina's got a defensive line. That's really good. So the same formula is gonna be there if South Carolina's defense can kind of play to their level in Jackson Dart and Ole Miss get a little impatient. They could be in a dog fight in Columbia. Yeah. And then the following week they gotta come to Baton Rouge, which, oh, by the way, if, if you've never been to Baton Rouge and never been to a night game October 12th, Saturday night Tiger Stadium, you might wanna put that one on your calendar.


Yeah, yeah. And we've been many times. It's incredible And it really, there's nothing, nothing compares to it. It really doesn't. So give, gimme your College Football national champion and your Super Bowl winner, and I'm gonna put you under kicker pressure here if you don't get them right, we're all gonna run. Okay. College Football national championship game. I'm gonna go Texas versus Alabama. Okay. Super Bowl. I'm going to go Detroit versus Baltimore. Oh, And who's your champion? I'm going to the 3 1 3 Baby Detroit. I think Detroit wins it all this year.


Love That. Yeah. I mean their weapons are insane. That Monday night football game where they just, yeah. It's just when everything's firing, it's just so hard to defend them. And, and Ben Johnson is doing shit that's just, I mean, that passed the Jared go. That was like the perfect play. I don't think they have a hole on their offense. I think that they've got top to bottom the best offensive roster in the NFL. Yeah. The offensive line is really good. They got two, two good backs. They got two good receivers. The quarterback is playing out of his mind. Their biggest issue is gonna be on defense. Can they get somebody to help Hutch rush the passer? It's somebody gonna tell Terry on Arnold that you can't hold every play. Yeah. And can they stay healthy? Like, like that's gonna be the issue because their secondary Carlton Davis is, is pretty good.


Arnoldo man. Like, like he's got a, like he had five, like four penalties last night. He's got like seven or eight so far this year. Like teams will start to identify him and pick on him. He's gotta get better and they need one more guy to step up to help Hutch rush the passer. Yeah.


Alright, last question. This has been awesome. Bug. We always love having you on rollback. Question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, rollback.com, promo code take.


So PFT just got your College Football champion and your and your Super Bowl champion. Who's gonna win the World Series? World Series? I I think the Philadelphia Phillies are the best team. Oh yeah. Let's go for Max. Our guy. I think I, I think Phillies like, like if you're, if you're a TV network, you won Phillies, Yankees World Series. Yeah. I mean Citizens Bank Park is the best atmosphere in in baseball. The bank, is It SEC? You can't go into the bank. They Were saying it's like an SEC stadium. It's, it's as close to an SEC football stadium that you can get in baseball. Like it's unreal. It maybe Vanderbilt. Yeah. Vanderbilt Maybe. Well, I mean, yeah, I mean, Vandy Hass come a long way and I'll take the Phillies though.


Okay. Philly's o Philly's over Yankees. I love It. All right. Sweet. You wanna do hockey and basketball too while we got you Hockey? I, I think the best team in the hockey right now, pre-season is going on right now. Nashville's gonna be pretty good. Okay. Let's see. Toronto, I, I just don't know if Yeah, they got cap issues. Yeah. Yeah. Chicago used to be my team. They kind of fell off a little bit. I'm Going Yeah. Ard though. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going Toronto. Okay. Toronto At Least year. Yeah. And basketball. Basketball. Denver. Okay. Okay. College Yo ish. College basketball. It'll be a three p Yukon baby.


Oh, Okay. Alright. We wall What about, what about college Hockey? College hockey. Let's go. Boston University. Okay. What about Kentucky Derby? Kentucky Derby? I haven't gotten to that one just yet. Okay. Alright. All right. That's where we got that is. Yeah. Well, Is is, is, is is is Big Brown still running? I don't Know. We'll we will find a horse for you. Bedford's back. Yeah. Yeah. You Say Bedford's Horse. We just got 'em all. Yeah, we just went Boo. Just went through 'em all. Alright, well boo, thank you so much man. We always Put Carlay on that booger. Yeah. We always, yeah. Phillies. Yukon. Denver. Lions. And what was the last one? Oh, and we're gonna say Nashville. Yeah. No. Leafs.


Leafs. Alright. Five Toronto. Yeah. Toronto. Imagine this would be the greatest. I mean, this would be the greatest clip of all time. Boo. If even if you go like three for five. Yeah. You know Ball. Yeah. Yeah you do. Noah Ball. Alright. Thanks so much. Book


Booger was brought to you by Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. That's because for part of my take, there's only one pickup truck. The Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado's a partner. It's a partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of part of my take Jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year at Grit Week, Silverado helped us give Fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And this year Silverado was out west with us for our latest grit week. Silverado brings the grit too. It's legendary grit. It's got modern truck tech inside and out. Massive screens. Up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked outlook of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head over to chevy.com, build your own Silverado or Silverado hd. Check out all the current offers on the Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy. Silverado.


Okay, let's finish up with FAQ's. Breaking moves though. Ah, Devonte Adams has said he'd prefer to be traded. Okay. So that feels like it's gonna happen. Memes, grass gonna be Pumped to The memes. Are the Jets Are the chiefs. Jets are chiefs. There's no way the Raiders would trade him in a Division. No they won't. That'd be crazy. He's a jet. He's gonna be a jet. Okay. FAQs Hank to wrap us up, Would you stop talking to each other forever? Big Cat and PFT. If it meant the Commies or the Bears became a dynasty, like the Patriots for 20 years. Mm. Why would we stop talking to each other?


Just would you, Would we still be able to do the podcast? We just Like, we be like Mike and Mike, everything to Hank. If We just can't talk outside of the podcast, Maybe the podcast would get better. Maybe Use all or gold on the outside. Shh. I would maybe answer yes in like 10 years. I would say no because I think we're gonna do it. Jayden. There you go. Wait, what? I would say no, I wouldn't, I would not take That deal. He doesn't have to Worry about it because I basically have that dynasty right now. I'm saying if I'm, when I'm 50 years old, if there's been no progress, I might take, I might have to get desperate. Yeah, that's fair. Yeah. Hey, dunk Lockwood. Oh fuck.


You're gonna make me commenter and getting less big and more trim. Cat, are we going to Get I've lifting, I've been lifting four times a week. Are we gonna get another tattoo bed this year? Oh, Oh, tattoo bed. Oh, we did figure out Dingers only. Oh yeah, that ended. Ozuna did not go yard. Nope. On Monday. So that means that Max will be pitching. I'll be catching. Not excited about that. In fact, I'm, I'm dreading that Big time though. Downgrade for center fielder from Max to Brandon Walker. That's a huge downgrade. Are we sure it's gonna be Brandon? I Think I just said it Was Okay. Brandon in center field. He's not gonna like running. I think Brandon will be in center.


Maybe I'll be in right. Hank and left. Jerry at first. Jerry's gotta be on power. When did we, there was no infielders. We we had a full Field. I we'll go Four outfield. Yeah. Jerry, I think that's fair with Max out Jerry and Bryn and do equal one human. Yeah, that's that's fair. Who should be the umpire this year then? Oh yeah. Jerry could be umpire again. Ooh, I'm fine with three Outfielders. But can I say something that I'm not trying to say to make you look small? No, I, I was about to say it's gonna be tough. I'm gonna look very small in the catcher's outfit. I'm not gonna give Max a big target behind home plate. So can I say, can I propose an umpire? Not to make you look small, but it would maybe make you look small.


Big T. That'd be very funny. Yeah. That would be such a funny, that'd Be good luck Idiot. Big T would be such a fucking, He has an umpire's demeanor. His life is lit. Like when he walks around the office, he's an umpire. He squeezed He so hard. Yeah, he walks around thinking he's Angel Hernandez. I like that a lot. Okay, so it's settled. I'll talk to Big T. Okay. Wait, what was the question? We still gotta find a team at a Place somewhere around Chicago. Oh, I would do a tattoo be It would be, yeah. I guess we could, but it's not the same when it's not a Thursday night game. Yeah, it was the Thursday night game that made it special. And. we both were really bad. It was bad teams And PF.


D have a Thursday night game. Oh, Tattoo be perm bet. What would you get? A tattoo of A meatball? I dunno. That would be awesome if you had a meatball. Maybe if you had a meatball as a teardrop Definitely would not do that. But it would be cool. De definitely mild right above the heart. Yeah, we'll We'll see. We'll see. Okay. I do it. I do it for this. This year's Bears Commanders game or this year's Commander's Eagles game. Oh yeah. But both of those happen. Yeah, both of those happen. All right, we'll figure it out. Could you Guys give a shout out to all the awls in North Carolina and dealing with the hurricane effects? Yes. Yes. It is like insane. The videos, it's so tragic.


We have a shirt up. So Caleb Presley, our colleague, he's from Asheville. So he's got a Mountain strong shirt that you can buy in the Barstool Sports store. A hundred percent of the proceeds go to the food bank to help people in that area. But yeah, I have, I have a friend who lives there. He's been telling me it's just like, it's heartbreaking. So we're thinking of everyone in Nashville. Yeah. Water is very scary. Yeah. When you deal with flash floods, you, if you don't see 'em, you don't think about how dangerous they are. But then you see the videos that come out and you're like, holy fuck these people lost everything. And like mountain roads, like you can't do anything. Yeah. So yeah, a hundred again, mountain Strong shirts in the bar stool store. A hundred percent of proceeds go to Manna Food Bank in Western North Carolina.


Hopefully we can just do you know, even though though it's a small part, any part helps for the people in Asheville and and Western North Carolina. Hey guys, what is your Mount Rushmore of athletes or sports personalities that you have got the best slash most content from since you started the show? Big Ben, coach K, et Cetera. Oh yeah, big Ben was was where my mine went initially. Coach K, coach K. Lenny Dyer, maybe JJ Watt. JJ JJ Watt's a good one. Jamis. Jamis has to be on there. Philip Rivers, Phil Rivers for sure. LeBron. I mean LeBron has to be on There. Yeah, He has to be.


Who else? That's a good question though. Marlon's man. Marlon's man. Athlete. Noted athlete. Yeah. Foul ball guy. Tommy. Tommy Lasorta. You're Tommy. You're Tommy. Hank. Yeah. Oh, Tom Brady I think named Tommy. Lasorta. Tino. Yeah. Petino. Petino. That's a good question. Who's the most one? Who's the under? Oh kd. kds a big one. Really good question. A WL Elle that in. Incredible. Athlete. Athlete. Incredible athlete. Not your content. Incredible athlete. Steph. Chris Paul Played Griffin. Chris Paul's a good one. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm thinking more like not people, like almost people that have never been on on the show, right?


Like Chris Paul. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Tiger. People we've never interviewed ever. Tiger. Even not running it like Chris Paul. Yeah. What Tiger for sure. Blake. Yeah. Yeah. Good one. That's It. Phil Mickelson. Bryson Bryson's. Yeah. Bryson top tier one. We should have saved this for Mount Rushmore season. Yeah. 'cause it's just like there's some people that you know flashes in the pan. Yeah. Just do remember we should just do this for Mount Rushmore. LeBron's been forever. Tom Brady's been forever. This is a good Mount Rushmore, Flacco Blake portals. Yeah. Okay, good Show boys. We will see everyone Friday.


We have Joe f Flaco on the show. How about that? Yeah. Joe Flaco on the show on Friday and we'll try to do some baseball as well. Love you guys. Numbers 45 11. Why 1199? Pogue 98. Big Cat 21. I dunno. I'm just trying to get, I'm trying to just get a little, get a little of the magic off a pug. 67. 67. Love you.