
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, it's Dungeons and Dragons time. Our guy, Tim Woods, is back with us. It is a week off at Barstow hq. We will have a show on Wednesday with some updating of NBA free agency, but we have two and a half hours of Dungeons and Dragons with Tim Woods. Great, great episode. We love having Tim Woods. So get ready. Buckle up.


It's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. Nothing says Summer, like long days. Clutch plays and firing off a few bets on the games, all with Draftking Sportsbook as the season heats up. So do the bats and Draftking. Sportsbook has you covered. With live betting, home run props, odds boosts and more. Whether you're chasing dingers or jumping in mid-game, there's always action to be had. Never bet on baseball before. It's easy. Pick a guy to go yard. Hammer some live odds, mid game, or just ride with your squad and hope for the best. No spreadsheets, just vibes and dingers. Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customers bet $5. Get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and wire 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and resorting Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire seven days after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio. Okay, let's go. Hey Football. Yeah, my take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Monday, June 30th and it's dungeon and dragons time. So let's kick it in studio with our guy Tim Woods. Okay, we are back. Dungeons and Dragons special 4th of July episode. Yes. Oh, who is that? It's pretty bitch. Okay, so we are in the studio. We have Tim Woods here in Chicago. Good to be here. We have a very special edition in Zach. Tim, first of all, how are you? I'm doing fantastic. Absolutely great. Yeah, how are you Doing? You got well, I'm great by the way. Look at that. That merch, Abso Oh absolutely. T-shirts have just dropped in. They're on my website. Thank you very much.


I was, I was doing You wanna cut a photo shirt? I was doing a photo shoot this morning with Stella and Tim. Absolutely Stella. I was like, Hey, this my dog Stella. And he goes, absolutely Stella. Even If they did that. I know Stella. I wanted to make sure that Stella got the branding Experience. Absolutely. The dog. Absolutely. That's Stella. If I had said, Hey Stella, Stella would've gotten me the like cock head, like that's not what I want though. Know. No, you absolutely heard. That's how Tim said hello to me this morning. He just goes Absolutely. And then Ice Cube came in. Did you? Absolutely. Ice Cube. I don't think I did. I think I got too nervous. Unfortunately that would've been The Whole time. Absolutely. No Ringo Star just lost his mustache.


I lost my mustache. Well I am Ringo Star today, but I'm Ringo Star as a bicyclist and also Zach thought that Ringo Star meant the guy with a star over his eye and kiss. So it's, it's a kind of like a three-way costume, which is fun. Absolute. I don't wanna be rude, but now that the mustache is off, like it basically just looks like you put on face paint. 'cause you could wear that outfit. Yeah. That something you'd Wear if you're walking around the office with that outfit on. No one would batten an eyes. No, it looks As PFT with kind of a star on Jesus. Alright, so let's go around the room. So PFT, you are Ringo. I'm Ringo Star from Kiss, Ringo Star from Kiss, who also rides a bike. Ringo Star. Yeah. And I have a gun and an ax.


So I mean you're basic D, d and D outfit. Yeah, yeah, Absolutely. Nick, I'm infant newborn Pikachu with a Tommy gun. It's just dawning on me that my little yellow penis is gonna be on the biggest sports podcast in America. Okay. Zach? I'm a Wolverine Claws tucked today. Oh, Okay. You look, you have a great costume. Yeah, You did really well. I was, I was willing to pivot with anyone on Wolverine, but you guys look great as well. I think. I think we've got great co We've got costumes you think. Costume costumes. We got costumes we catch yourself. Who do You think looks the best? I, I really like the Bri Brittany and I really liked the Ringo Star with the, the bicyclist Glock.


And I thought the, I thought, I did think the shoulder pads would sell more as the overlord of d and d. They didn't sell as much as I thought they would. No, No, he didn't do anything. Okay. Hank Yeah. For Yeah. Gonna get it taken down. I'm Brittany Spears. Zach said he didn't realize Britney Spear, I be a woman's costume till after he bought it. So I got bell bottoms and a wig. I actually, I think I look hot. Yeah. Yeah, you look pretty good. Yeah. I Like the B you kinda look like dog to bounty hunter A little bit. Dog it. Yeah. So go with Go with Christ Bru. Go with Christ Bru. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Alright. And I am Snorlax.


You're Snorlax. I'm Snorlax on brand, but I was Oh, that was Brutal. Is that mean? That was fucked up. What is Snorlax? What does he do? Sleeps All day. Pokemon Fucking a I. No, I wasn't gonna be Snorlax Zach. Initially my costume was just simply these shoulder pads, these leather shoulder pads. He bought me about 8% of a costume. But you had a a helmet too? I did have a helmet. So yeah, like maybe 12% of a costume. You probably had the best costume and a sword with the 12% of the costume with the 12% of the, my 12% was incredible. Yeah. It just only was 12%. I was just wearing jeans and a t-shirt. So I pivoted to snla with the 12%.


And then also I got a Glock as well. You have A Glock, a sword that you can pivot to if you'd like to as well. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright, so Tim, let's, let's get it going. Good job Zach. On. Well, no job, job, job, job. You got us something that made us look a little different than our normal clothes job attempted. Yeah, you can hang your Hat on. Job not executed. No, Not at All. A solid eight on a D 20. Oh oh no. Yeah, absolutely. On a Oh, on a D 20. On a D 20. Yeah. I it was like maybe a two on a D 20. Okay. Yeah. Alright. It wasn't a one, it was not a natural one. All all. There we go. There we go. Appreciate it Tim. Alright, Tim, let's, let's get into it. Whatever you want. Go. Now I want to first of all say that we need a character for Zach.


So I'll just go around and just remind us. Of course, Big Cat, you are gonna be Norm. The human barbarian joining the team once again, we've got PFT as Wayne, our Hildorf Bard. We've got Hank as our No Warlock Ehrlich. And we've got Nick returning as Greg, the Human Pal. And Greg with two Gs, I believe. Thank you. Yes, absolutely. Now, I heard that Zach, you're a fan of doing some heels with a little bit of DPS on the side. Is that correct? I'm A, a fan of Main Heels. Yes, Absolutely. 100% Marvel Rivals In, in Marvel rivals. I'm aware that Zach is a fan of doing mainly heels, but also some DPS kind of as a secondary role. So I found the perfect character for Zack.


This is a human cleric of the storms, the nurses in the army. What that means is, Tom, can I just ask a question real quick? Yeah. You're, you play a video game and you're the nurse. We run two roles. So I'm doing heels and damage, so I'm doubling, I'm looking out for the team. You're Just running around not killing anyone, just trying to save other people. I'm, I'm making sure the boys are good. Yeah. Like, Oh my God, you're a water boy in a fake life Support. Gotta have team support. Look, if you get, you gotta have heels, you gotta have, the team needs water. The team needs orange slices. We gotta keep the boys healthy, keep the boys good. And I do a little bit of damage as well as invisible woman. Okay. Okay. It's a noble cause. 100%. I would also Say I didn't know that existed In DD the cleric's role is to pray to their God and get healing magic to give to their friends.


Okay. So again, mainly a support role, but as a storm cleric you also have lightning and thunder magic that you can use to deal damage as well. The only problem, Zach, is unfortunately, and I'm not riffing here, this is actually the case. I only had level two characters. So as long as you're okay with it, you are gonna be playing with a bunch of people who are higher level than you, you who are descending down in order to play alongside you. I hope that that's not an issue or anything. We might call these maybe Smurfs, possibly people who are gonna be a little bit ganging up on you. Potentially. They have about three times as much power as you do, unfortunately. So you're just gonna need to kind of level yourself up to get to the level that the others are at.


Apologies, I'm so sorry I didn't have level six sheet to hook you up with. Unfortunately. You create, you turned me into everything. I hate, I'm so sorry. I'm here. Do it for you tim. Hundred percent I'm Here. Do it for you. But I I I know you will 100%. So you got 15 hit points to work with. The others are closer to the forties and fifties right now. His Knees on him. Zach alive because he's our healer and without him we don't have any healing magic. So just a heads up, everyone, of course we're all on the same team as we always know. Always fucked. I don't, obviously you can betray each other in D and d, but I don't think anyone here would do that. Nope. So 100% absolutely no bitch Uhuh. Now this adventure I'm very excited about because it is number one a Tim Woods's original.


Normally I've been running like canned adventures, like the classics as it were that I've been like growing up with. I've run out of classics for you guys. So at this point we're in Tim Woods' original Adventures. Okay. I just made this one up for the awls and at this point, I actually went into my records to check this. I have run this adventure in particular for 45 different groups of awls over the course of the last year. And that is a total of 274 aws. That's awesome. We're out there. They're listening right now and they are judging your every move. Oh no. I told them that they probably are gonna do a better job than we'll do today. So obviously you're the ones who can set the record straight on that. Yeah. Do you, sorry, I, I didn't mean to point the gun at you, but the, have we, we've never done a Tim Woods original.


No. The most of the adventures we've done have just been sort of me improving within a structure of one of the adventures. This'll be an original 100%. Wow. This is huge. Absolutely. This is awesome. You're doing that. I'm excited. Absolutely. What's the name of this adventure? The name of this adventure as I call it, is the dragon of Mount spear top. And as you can imagine, this is your classic DD adventure. There is a dragon attacking the local towns and villages, a red fire breathing dragon. And we are going need to go to Mount spear top to slay this dragon. Maybe with some, some guns pop. You ever call these Didi parties? Hmm? Is this a DEI party? This Would be a DD adventure.


No one gets, no one gets oiled up. No. I mean it depends on where exactly you're going for the, for the the party. I like oil up. I mean you can resolve the challenge in whatever way you want. Some people use dice, some people use other methods perhaps. But 100%. And so our adventure is gonna be, again, in one of the major locations of the d and d world of Faron. We're gonna be starting this adventure at the White House. April Fool's just kidding. I so sorry. We're not gonna be starting the Adventure Lighthouse. We are gonna be starting this adventure in a famous d and d location called Balder's Gate. Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. Bald Gate is a major hub of adventure. It's so popular that some video games have been set in the world of D Balder's Gate and they're very good.


So the big city of Boulders gate is generally very well protected from dragons. It has a big army, big walls, big ballistas, just like Game of Thrones for defending against dragons. But we're out in the villages and towns outside of the big city where they have put together a fund for whatever group of adventures is willing to take on the challenge of slaying this dragon. And that is in theory, us assembling us to take on this quest. All we know is that this dragon has been going back to the tallest of the cloud peak mountains mount, spear top. Other than that, we don't know exactly where its layer is. So I will throw out there that we can spend as much time as we want in town gathering information or supplies if we think that that's necessary.


Or we could just say F it. Let's go straight to the mountain and start trying to find this dragon the hard way. Mm. Whatever we'd like to do. So we can do anything. We can do whatever we want, we can do. The possibilities are endless. The possibilities are endless. Hank 100%. Should we do A mini golf tournament? Ooh, there Are several beautiful rolling hills around the towns and villages. And I will just throw out there in d and D world, I think it's Hobbit. Who created the sport of golf? Well I think, I think for, For you know, if we're gonna have to slay a dragon, we're probably gonna have to train. Yeah. And we should probably measure, you know How We train up against each other? New Dragon killing golf. There should. Absolutely. I like that. I like that.


Now to see who goes first, I would ask everyone to do our first D 20 roll of the day. If you can grab a D 20 and roll it. Whoever rolls the highest on this is gonna get to go first. Is it poor form the Dun and Dragons community to make your box. Like you basically like moved into your box. Like Hank has just moved all this stuff into my Box. I meanly Sometimes Share dice, sometimes they don't. Some People get very protective of their dice. Like don't roll my dice is actually a rule for some people in d and d. If you roll my dice, you're gonna give it your luck. I don't want your luck. I want my luck on his. Yeah, he's got his coffee and ear. He is got his, he just moved all his stuff into my box. You don't come. You don't come in. Another man's it. Box. Box of the year. Box of the year.


Okay. Look at what is this Like you just, it's just traction. That's Not mine. Yeah, it is. Oh yeah it is. Yeah. Link your roll into my Box. All right. It's our box. I understand. But you can mine so you could take half of it. But you took all of it. I'm sorry, you're starting to piss me off. I'm starting to think about killing you in this. I think you should put a conservatorship on that box. It's sexist. P ft really does classic. Classic bar. You forget about the face. I keep looking at him. It's just face paint. Oh my god. Ringo stars. It's me. Alright, so we're all rolling. Absolutely everyone can Roll a D 20. We'll be adding your dexterity modifier to see when in an issue if you're gonna go. So some of us have a boost to this.


Go ahead. Most of us don't. Hank roll. 18. 18. 18 with an extra plus two. That's a dirty 20. Right by Through Liverpool. Hank Ehch. Oh then the streets went to the pub. 1919 for you. Yeah, 19 for me. We're better than Hank. But you have a plus two. Oh. So actually you got a 21 total going just ahead of Ehrlich. Absolutely. So Norm first followed by Ehrlich and how are the rest of us are doing? Everyone can roll 1D 20. Sorry, Three. Three. I'm sorry to say Greg, you're probably gonna be going at the end of initiative but that's Okay. I have a 17. 17. Absolutely. Now you have a plus two on this I believe. So that'll put you into initiative on a 19 for Wayne r Bard.


Absolutely. And our, oh Zach, let me ask an important question. What is the name of your cleric character? The name of my cleric character is, I'll go. You can cook on this if you need time. No, no we want it right now. He's got it. He's got it. Five seconds. Five seconds. Four. Count me down. I got you. 3, 2, 2. One, one Trey wind will be myre. Woo. That goes hard. Hard name pops into his head. So I wanna point out that Human, that's the name of a boat. Not only do you follow actually, okay, that's kind of a piratey name.


Hundred percent. I play the drums. Trade win or trade wind. Trade wind. I'll go with trade wind. I kinda trade wind. I kinda like train. Wind. Wind, train, wind. We can, we can pivot the train wind if you'd like. Train wind. Train wind. We can do that. Absolutely. I like train wind. We can do Train wind. I'll ask also ask you one other question, Zach. Yes sir. Not to put you on the spot, but you follow a God of storms. That could be Zeus, that could be Thor, that could be anybody. Or you could make up your own storm. God Make up your own Three seconds Storm. Let's go five, four. We're do, we're doing storm gods, right? Storm guides. Yeah. Okay, We'll we'll just go with storm. God.


3, 2, 1. No wrong answer. You can pick the mutant storm, pound Found if you want. Pound, Pound found. Absolutely 100% Of course. I love it. Pound. Found the storm. God 100% done. Absolutely. Good job Zach. I will say that you have been led to this location trade wind by visions from pound found telling you that this dragon has not only upset the balance of the land causing forest fires, it's also affecting the skies and the storms smoke filling the skies is no good for pound. Found God of storms. And in fact your temple to pound found has been attacked by this dragon very recently it seems.


And so you need to get your a vengeance and the rest of us need to make some moolah, some money sl. It's personal A hundred percent. But Zach, go ahead and roll me a D 20 plus zero to see when trade train wind is gonna go. So I wrote a 10. A 10 for you sir. A 10. Okay. With a 10. Absolutely. Train wind. You're gonna be going right after Wayne's turn in that case could stuff. So we're starting with Norm today. We'll point out that in theory, if you're starting in town, other people have really good persuasion skills. The barbarian tends to just want to focus on attacking stuff. Yep. There's not a lot of stuff to attack in town, but you can do whatever you want in town. Okay. You know, there's places that sell potions. There's the tavern where you can get information and stuff.


Whatever you might want to do in town. Totally up to you. Okay. Hmm. We gotta arm up. Mm Oh should we arm up? In theory arming up would not be a bad idea At, okay. I all 100% arm up. And then can I also, could I do I have a secondary action? You do. 100%. Absolutely. So let's arm up my, my pri primary action. I do wanna point out that at the end of our last adventure we had defeated a different dragon and claimed from Its who? A magic ax. Oh. So when I asked at the end of the adventure we said we were sharing the Axe, I want it. Okay. Absolutely. I I'll take it. I mean it is probably best in the hands of a barbarian. I'm the Strongest, strongest Guy here. No one's challenging you on that.


You have a magic plus two gray axe. Okay. This ax. Sure. That'd be great. Take my X It's Miax. This is a real ax. Oh no. Oh Mex. Absolutely Ringo. Where's your ax man? With the magic, magic Ax, you are a drummer in theory, pretty well equipped. You could try to find it even better magic ax. Or you could just simply arm up on that one and you still have more stuff you can do on your turn. For Sure. Yeah. Let me, let me, let me just make this magic ax even better. Can I do that? That so You certainly have, yeah, Let's do that. 100% Do. So if you go to the weapons smith out outside of Balder's gate, you notice there's like a dwarf and a half fork who are like running this weapon shop. They have an enchantment table for improving your ax.


There's also a really nice ax on display. It's kinda like in Comic-Con where the stuff is hung up really high. But you can see it on display. You know that it's chained to the backboard of this weapon stand as it were. And it looks like a really nice, well enchanted ax. Or you could ask them to enchant your acts even more than what is Yeah. Let's enchant my ax. Absolutely. Go ahead and just roll me a D 20 for a persuasion check. You have a plus zero on this 20. Oh dang. It's a Natural 20, natural 29. 100%. 90 20. And they ask you a very important question. First of all, they say what? Well, you've already got the pretty nice ax going on there. The dwarf says, and the half fork agrees. I mean that's pretty impressive.


You want something nicer than that? What for? And they're wondering what quest you are on right now. Do you tell them about the quest? Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna kill this dragon. When they hear that, they say, whoa, we're in danger. No, this dragon might attack us at any moment we would more than love to hook you up with an enchantment. In fact, they go up to this ax and they bring it down off the stand and you see them do some magic. The run on the ax disappears and they turn to your ax and they start hammering it. Thero from that ax goes onto your ax instead. Yes. And they hand it back to you and say, now you don't have a magic great axe. You have what is called the great axe of the chill. This weapon, if you speak the magic word, will cover itself with ice and deal ice damage to your enemies.


Wow. Including fire dragons. Wow. Okay. That's huge. So you got a great acts of the chill Now congratulations. That's a D six of extra coal damage every time you hit a dragon with love it it. Now that would be your action to negotiate this out of them. Right now you could ask them one more question or for one more minor thing or do something else. Focus on, I'll just do one minor thing. I would like to open a limited edition set of Pokemon cards. Right. Hundred percent. They do say every weapon purchase and upgrade comes with one free pack of Pokemon cards. Yeah. Yeah. You open it up inside. Just roll a D 20 for me. The higher you roll, the better a Pokemon you get. Don't do this. 19, The 19.


Name your Pokemon. You get whatever Pokemon You want. Holograph. Chars are so holograph Char are get a holographic jar. You got he Outta action. You can't eat it. Char are actions And because you can, you can't eat it just yet. Actually. Yeah. But I'll if you wanna later. Yeah. Also in this world, these are magic Pokemon cards where if you throw it on the ground like gambit, it will turn into that Pokemon. Just A heads Up. Oh. So you've got holographic char art and then a bunch of random commons at that That point. Love it. Still holographic Charizard goes hard. Huge pull. In theory. That's gonna be pretty weird for the fire breathing dragon. And when a char art shows up and he has no idea what the fuck he's looking at, I'm gonna eat that. Char Char.


That's right. 100% char norm. Amazing tur well done. That was a huge glow for Norm early. We are up to you right now. And Ehrlich, I will just say that your patron has been whispering little secrets in your ear and stuff about the mountain. But we'll get into that a little bit Later. I just want one last thing. I will say that we are a team and my holograph ard, I will happily give it to anyone else. Oh. For a certain amount of kisses. Ooh. Why do I always have to be gagged everything? If anyone roads for holograph, char on kiss it up and you can maybe get it. You're A widower now I That's the last Adventure.


So Yeah. Well yeah. My husband's dead, right? Absolutely. Yeah. Single, newly single. I would like, let's do a history. Let's, let's find out, let's figure out some details on this dragon. Absolutely. 100% roll me a history check. I believe you have a plus five On that D 20 Mistaken. Yep. Or a plus six actually That'd be two. Two. I'm sorry to say offhand, you don't know any facts about the dragon shit, but that was a free action. Just see what you know, you could try to do research but I'll point out that would be kind of talking to people or maybe hitting up a library in boulders. Getting your choice. You wanna go to the library? You know what that is? Nah, we're not doing that.


You Do have a much better charisma than intellect. Can he? Can he just watch like a couple YouTube videos and do his own research? You see a TikTok? Yeah. That Would probably be the equivalent of picking up rumors in the tavern as it were. Just seeing what people are talking about. Yeah. What else? What else could I do? You could go to the tavern, you could talk to people. Try to Get them, grab a couple trulys. 100%. The moment you walk in the tavern, you notice that there is your classic human bartender, apron and brown beard. He cleaning a glass nods at you, you enter. You also see a bunch of humans primarily but two tables of din miners. I must emphasize mine workers, people who work In Mines who are allowed to be here and they are drinking and eating their dinner.


There's a table full of hobbits. A whole multi-generational hobbit family in the back room who seem like they're celebrating something right now. Who would you like to talk to? I'm sorry to say. You don't see any gnomes around like yourself. Let's go to the Hobbit boys. Absolutely. You go to this hobbit table in the back. It sounds like they're talking about a recent dragon attack where their barn got burned down. Would you like to start of chat them up right now? Yes please. Absolute. Are you mentioning anything about what you're doing here? What are you saying to them as you go to talk to them? You guys come here often. Absolutely. Just roll me 1, 6 20 with plus six on this Nice dude. Oh that would be another two. Oh God. Oh, I'm sorry to say that with an eight they go.


I mean, yeah, we do hang out here a lot, especially after our barn's been burned down by the dragon. But actually we're just, we're just celebrating with the family right now. They notice your robes. Absolutely. And like your various magical amulets, they know you're a warlock and that's making them a little bit nervous right now. I don't think to see Lola. 'cause Lola, your MP can turn invisible but at the same time they're nervous that you might have a demon of some kind with you. They, you can say whatever you want to them. You might be able to earn advantage on this check. But it depends on what you say to them. Exactly. They're almost dismissing you at the moment. So what happened to the dragon? The moment you mention the dragon, they start to talk more.


Roll one more time. You just earned advantage. Three three. Oh man. I'm Sorry to say with a nine total. All you hear the mention is that the dragon did indeed burn down their barn. It seems like the dragon took all of their food that was stockpiled in the barn as it was burning down somehow. And the old hobbit is mentioning that he got a good look at this dragon. There is some sort of hobbit grandpa here at the head of the table and he's talking about how he used his spy glass to watch the dragon as it was going back to the mountain. You have heard of spy glasses before but there are recent invention in the world of Faron.


They don't use magic at all. They're like crystal balls but they allow you to see far away things. You think spy glasses are worth like a thousand gold pieces. If you were to get your hands on one of those. Just so you know. Unfortunately if you, your action and you're trying to get into this conversation with these hobbit, it's not going so well. Would you like to try anything else with your bonus action? No, I think, I think we gotta just find a way to get this spy glass. Absolutely. Whatever it takes. He padded a bag on the back of his chair when he mentioned his spy glass. But that's all you know for sure. Ehrlich. Good stuff. But turn that will bring us to Waynes Pretty big waste of turn. I mean the the solid seven, the rules were bad.


Seven out bad rules. Not much you can do with those are all. It's true. Oh You can roll better. Absolutely. Oh, sorry Hank, one thing I did wanna give you, since we're celebrating your birthday today, you have the one and only instance of dms inspiration. It is worth one free re-roll today for your dice or somebody else's dice. You could use it now. No. Or you could save it for when you really need it. 100%. That's good. Absolutely. That's good. Your birthday wish. Absolutely. Okay. So it's my turn. Yes. Yeah. Okay. So Hank is in the tavern right now. Yes, correct. Where, where is Big Cat Currently? He's at the weapons stand just outside of Balder's Gate in the marketplace.


Hanging. Hanging with my holograph charge aren't absolutely what, what other stores? What other shops do we have around the town? There is a potion shop and several temples. Temples are a great place to get healing potions and blessings. Potion shops are where you could get maybe even more powerful potions. Yeah. Healing potions but also like invisibility, potions, fire resistance potion. I think that that sort of thing. I think the healing shop would be great for Zach for trade wind. But I'm gonna go to the potion shop. Absolutely. You can go to the potion shop 100% when you get to the potion shop, it's not a drug guy. One of the few structures Just outside. Not a drug guy. Speak up. Hank not a drug guy. It's pot. I'm a potion guy. Absolutely. 100%. And as soon as you go into this potion shop, a little bell rings.


There is a G Nish couple, just like our warlock here. There is a pair of gnomes. It seems like they're a married couple. The wife is an artificer with goggles on. The husband is a wizard with like the moon and star or like wizard hat classic look. And you realize the wife has like invented these special shoes for them. They each press a button the moment you enter and they're like moon shoes. They're suddenly this like renter clank, renter clank. And they're now Dwarven height as you walk in and they go, ah, greetings. And they're kinda like walking on on little stilts a little bit. So they can be your height and they say please, how can we be of help to you right now we, we are very interested in selling you some potions. What are you looking for? Can I ask them? Do you guys like to party? Ooh, roll me a persuasion check on them real quick.


Okay. 18. 18. And you have a plus six on your persuasion. Sure. I believe with the 24 they look at each other and they give some sort of special signal to each other. Canonically. This is a swinger couple and every time I've run this adventure, some, some pineapple juice and you know, they said, Hey, we noticed you across the room And we elevated our shoes so we could look you dead in the eyes. And we just were kind of like wondering if you wanted to hang out tonight. We're not doing anything. We were planning on partying actually. And they indicate that what they are brewing right now is some special potion. Special potion. I like that. Absolutely. Is there a a weird chair that's in the corner of the shop?


A hundred percent. There is a chair. All right. But they would say, but I mean you could get involved if you really want to. Yeah. As long as there's consent, right Dan? Absolutely. Oh my god. You get consent from them. Do you then ask for consent after you have it? After I have consent I definitely ask for consent. 'cause there's nothing hotter. They Lose their goddamn minds as you ask for consent the second time they go, wow. Nothing sexier than that. It's like he's teasing us as the wife. And immediately the ne I mean it, it goes late into the night. But you are afterward, oh actually sorry, roll me a constitution. Saving throw just to see how everything went. Okay, that's a 12. 12. But you have help Roll one more time.


You're getting advantage. 15 from a couple with a 15 plus whatever your constitution saving throw is. It's hours later that the camera returns to us and the couple is exhausted. They say that was the craziest night we've had in a really long time. Please let us set you up with some potions for the road As a thank you. What Do you need? They're willing to set you up with healing potions. Invisibility potions or fire resistance potions. Well we're gonna see a dragon, right? I feel like fire resistance might be a good thing to have. Are we certain It's fire breathing. It's red. Yeah. 'cause it burned down the hobbits. Yeah. Oh 100%. Thanks guys. Listening ears on. Absolutely.


Would you? I don't know, what do you guys think? Fire. Fire Resistance seems Good. Okay, we'll go Fire resistance. Getting Fires. And they do indicate that's a pretty expensive potion, but they would be willing to give you for the performance you just did tonight. Yep. Three of them. Okay. It's not enough for everybody, unfortunately. They tell you that's like 500 gold pieces per potion though, so you're getting a good deal. These are free potions. Do you hold on to all three of these potions or do you start doling them out to your teammates? You know what, I'm gonna give one. I'll give one to norm. Okay. Norm's got the magic ax. He's gonna be I Thank you bro. I'm gonna give one to Greg. Thank you. So yeah, huge one left.


Big decision make and then one left. Zach, no trade winds, trade wind, train Winds has the lowest tip points of all of us. So you might need it the most. Yeah, I think I'm gonna give it a trade win. I'm so I want, I want trade winds sticking around. So you're not keeping one for yourself, is That right? I'm benevolent man. Absolutely. How 102. It does seem like the Novi couple is hoping you'll return again, but they are gonna be keeping the store shut for today because they're too exhausted. You did a fantastic turn. You still have your bonus action I would say in case you want to inspire one of your teammates. Yeah. So if for bonus action, I think I would like to inspire a tradewind. Nice. Absolutely we're inspired. Okay. What do you say to or or play? You can either play music or say something inspiring to him to give him inspiration.


I Think I, I just tell him like, hey train wind. You did a great job. You did a job buying costumes today and you should feel good about doing a job. You had a job today and you job accomplished. I feel very inspired. Okay. That was great speech. All right, You're welcome. Appreciate Absolutely 100% getting all the armor for the team. 100%. Yeah. And Wayne, great turn. That is gonna bring us to train wind now followed by Greg train wind. What would you like to do? I wanna highlight that as a storm cleric, you have good intimidation so you can go around and try to kind of be stern and serious with people trying to get information out of them. Or you can just be kind of friendly with them and try to use your persuasion.


But you're not quite as good at that because of your history as a sailor. You're used to like yelling orders at people and stuff like that. That's if you wanna talk to people, you can do whatever you want in town, including go to your local temple to pound found the Scott of storms. I'd like to check out the temple to see what pound founds got going on. Absolutely. A hundred percent. You go to the local temple of pound found and sure enough, do you think pound found is a good evil or neutral deity Seems as if he could be neutral. Storm gods would tend to be neutral. It's true. So when you go there, first of all they are very upset. The whole statue to pound found that was built there with like gemstones in its eyes got knocked over, someone ripped the gemstones outta the eyes and took them with them.


All the priests of pound founder going around trying to rebuild and they're doing an okay job, but they really want you to get vengeance upon this dragon. Are you trying to get information out of them or supplies or anything like that? What are you saying to them? I Would like to know, you know, where, so where, where we could find this dragon, you know, a little bit more, more information on where he can be so we can get those, those stones back. We gotta get this statue back. 100% please roll me a D 20 and this will be a persuasion bonus for you. I think you have a plus two on this. If you're being nice to them. If you're being very serious with them, then it'll be a plus four actually, are you being intimidating? That's high risk, high reward. But you could also just be friendly with them and, and that would be a plus two on the persuasion check.


I'll go with friendly this time and I did do a six, So absolutely 100%. Because it's your temple, you get to roll two times and take the higher numbers to roll. One more time. We got a strong four on that one. Oh, okay. So we'll take six. Take the takes at the very least with the, you're being nice to them. So A plus two, that's an eight. Unfortunately with an eight, all they're able to tell you right now is that the dragon definitely went back to mount spear top. They thought they saw it land somewhere about halfway up the mountain. But they don't know more information than that unfortunately. Now you could try one more time with one role as your bonus action or you could do something else with your bonus action.


Do I? I can bank the bonus action You. The bonus action is not something you could bank. You could do something else with bonus action or you could try to talk to them more. Okay. I would like to, I would like, you know, talk to 'em a little bit. Like see if we could further this conversation. I know they're saying Mid Mountain, but was there a guy that maybe saw something the others didn't see? Absolutely. Roll one more time. And now at this point, are you being stern with them or just sticking with the plus two still being nice to them. As Of right now, we're cordial. We're absolutely, we're just trying to get along. Staying cordial. 11. 11 plus two with a 13. You are getting some good information. You notice that they said the dragon definitely landed halfway up the mountain, specifically landed at a cave entrance and there were 1, 2, 3 different cave entrances, almost like this dragon pickton area where there are three different caves and two of them almost seemed like decoy caves.


This priest lets you know for certain the dragon went into the middle of the three possible cave caves, second cave shit, trade wave. And now I last train wind. Do you share this information with your teammates? I would Love to share it with the team. Absolutely. 100%. So a valuable clue. You know, if we had followed the trail of the dragon, we would've gotten to these cave entrances and not known which one the dragon went into. Apparently the dragon landed on this climbing wall, a 20 foot climbing wall about halfway up the mountain and climbed into the cave entrance. They also say he climbed in in a weird way, but they didn't see more than that. Sir, there's still a little bit of a mystery there right now with only a 13. So train wind. Very successful.


Turn there. The priests beg you to slay this dragon, but wish you very well. And that will bring us to Greg's turn next. Is there a baker in town? There is a bakery in town. Several. I'd like to go to the bakery Please. 100%. You go to the bakery. Absolutely. The bakery is gonna be run by a, no one's gone to a bakery in this adventure. It's a hobbit. A hobbit runs this baker. 100%. I would like to ask for 12 donuts. Absolutely. 100% Roll a D 20 just to see how good these donuts are. Seven. Seven. But with your persuasion bonus, I think you have a plus four under skills for Plus six. Plus Six with a 13 total.


They're not magical donuts, but they're pretty high quality. Nice. Honest. These are fresh donuts. Very nice. They just made 'em this morning. Does Greg have any gluten sensitivities? Roll to see if you have a gluten sensitivity or not? As long as you get a seven or high. Seven or high. You don't have gluten sensitivity. 19 I'm score In the world of d&d. Maybe you had it when you were born, but there are clerics who can be like cure gluten intolerance is the best. And you've been healed at a very young age in this magical setting. Never share. Absolutely. Yeah. Thanks Max. Good job, max. What A hundred percent. So you, you have beaten gluten intolerance.


Oh my god, congratulations 100%. Yeah. And now you can chow down on these donuts if you wish. Can I, can I ask if like there's a, any of these people in the bakery do art? Ooh, yes. I'm gonna roll to see if there's already any visible. Hmm. You ask around no artists in this bakery right now, but they do indicate there are artists in town. What are you looking for? I want a picture of Joe Buck with a big forehead. Absolutely. There are some caricature artists that they are able to hook you up with with that role. And they send you sweep in the pot towards this Elvin woman who starts like drawing exactly what you are looking for. How big do you want this? A little small pocket size.


Big or like a big like mural on someone's wall. Big 75 inches. Huge. Like big TV size. Yeah. You commission this painting? Absolutely. And then let me just see how this goes. Fantastic. She tells you, you must be careful 'cause one of the things that dragons love to steal is anything of value. And she says that this painting would be worth hundreds of gold pieces. Oh my god. To the right buyer. But that means that if the dragon spots it, the dragon might wanna grab this painting and add it to its hoard. So as you're trying to move this TV sized painting, you're kind of like, I gotta move quickly. Or looking to the skies. You're trying to get it from place to place without this dragon trying to soup in and grab it. I probably give it to one of the strongest people on the team.


So Who are you giving the painting to? To, oh no, he's, he's over encumbered. He has a lot on him. I mean, it's a big thing to get. You could strap it to your back. For sure. So you've got this huge painting right now. 12 Donuts And 12 donuts. Sounds like you're holding onto it. All those for right now. Is that rights? It's it's past. It's it's past noon. Oh, okay. Okay's, not burrito time. 100%. You're able to get all those. When was there anything else you were trying to get? How many do I have? Much action left. I would say the donuts were a bonus Action. Okay. To be fair, commissioning the painting was most of your action. Okay. If there was anything else you wanted to commission from that artist, you could, but otherwise your turn would be done. I'm okay, I'm done.


100%. Absolutely.


Quick break from Dungeon and Dragons. Talk about Gametime. There's nothing like getting to a baseball game, especially last minute. Lucky for me, I always use Gametime. The official ticketing partner. Barstool Sports Gametime makes getting tickets faster and easier. Price on the app actually go down. The closer it gets to Showtime. They even get exclusive zone deals. You let them choose your seats with a given set of zones and you get huge savings in return. You can put those savings back in your pocket and spend them at the ballpark on a hotdog, a new hat, or some good old fashioned cracker jack. If you're in Chicago, you can get 10% off zone deals. For the Cubs at home on Sunday, July 6th verse The Cardinals, just look for zones 29 through 32 on the Gametime app. Take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account and use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Mountain Dew Baha Blast. Grab a blast. A refreshing tropical lime flavor with Mountain Dew Baja Blast. Blast now comes in zero sugar, same great taste. A Baja blast with zero sugar. Listen, Baja Blast is the absolute best. When I'm Kraken open a Baja blast. I'm thinking about being on the water somewhere. I'm thinking about being on a boat. I'm thinking about being with my buddies on a river or a lake or golfing baseball season. It's all happening with Baja Blast. It is so delicious. I'm gonna crack it open right now. Oh, hear that? Mm, That's delicious. That's Baja Blast. Probably the best soda I ever created. Right, Hank? Easily. Easily. So grab a blast. A refreshing tropical lime flavor with Mountain Dew Baja Blast. Blast now comes in zero sugar as well. The same great taste of Baja Blast with zero sugar. It's summer season. It's Baja blast. You know what, I'm gonna take another whack of this. That just sounds delicious. Oh, so good. Go try Mountain Dew Baja Blast right now. You'll not be disappointed. Tell him Big Cat sent you. Tell him Hank sent you please. Baja blast Mountain Dew. Go get it.


And now back to our good friend Tim Woods. That'll bring us back around again to Norm. Then in that case, norm. So far we got some information about this dragon. I Think boys, we got, we gotta get going. Gotta Respect we our stuff. Let's mount Up. Absolutely. We got every, This is gonna be a long trek up this mountain, right? It certainly is. Yes. Should I, should I carry anyone's stuff? Just 'cause I don't want anyone to get tired. So does anyone have anything they want me to carry? You don't have anything, right? You have anything? Train wind? No. None you need, do you have anything Ringo Star I gave away by Potions? Yeah. Okay. Do you have anything you want me to carry? I have a big painting of Joe Buck.


Oh, okay. I'll carry that huge painting. Yeah, lemme get that form. Lemme get That form him. All right. Do you hold on to it or hand it off? I'll just remind you. I'm asking For collateral. You have a giant moth Who is the size of a horse by the way? Don't forget. Okay. I believe its name was Little Shredder. Is that right? That does shredder. That does seem right. Yeah. 100%. And the, yeah, so little shredder could carry the painting if you want. No, we're team Wheel trust each other. I'll give the painting up. Okay. And I won't kill you with my ax. It's really nice of you. Thank you. Yeah. Good collateral. 100%. Hundred percent. I'll hold onto that for Safety. You strapped this painting to your back, is that right? Yeah. Mean I, I put it in my pocket next to my char are Okay.


It, it's pretty big to fit in a pocket. So I'll say you can, I'm a big guy. Okay. I mean, fair enough. 100%. Yeah, I'd say you kind of like have it strapped to the side of your pocket. Maybe as long as they don't critical hit norm at any point. Okay. The painting will be safe. Hundred Percent. Alright, let's get Going. Let absolutely going. So Norm, to get to the mountain, I would like you to please roll a survival check. Could I ask on your sheet, does it say what? Your survival skill bonuses. I think you have a plus three. Unless I'm, lemme see. Is that it right there? I think it might be right in front of Hank on the ground. Yeah. Unless I'm mistaken. Made a mess of our box. Oh no, that's norm. 100 hundred percent. Yeah. Survival plus plus Four now ly roia D 20 plus four to see how far you make it.


19 hot Boys plus four now 19. Your lowest roll. Yes. He's eaten all ball. Good luck. I love It. Absolutely. You are with a 19 plus four, not only making it safely to the mountain, you're noticing two things that you would've not noticed with a lo lower roll. First of all, you can clearly see little lizard footprints, way too tiny to be a dragons. And they're going toward the center of three caves straight ahead of you. You see this cliff that's about 20 feet tall in this clearing. There are handholds leading up to 1, 2, 3 different caves. We were already told middle cave.


And you notice the footprints are in fact going to the middle cave. You also notice that at a, in a bush, just at the foot of that middle caves a climbing wall, you are hearing two little creatures arguing with each other. Whoa. I'm sorry to say whatever language they're speaking, you don't speak that language Norm don't, unfortunately. But they sound like, ah, like they're yelling at each other in a little whisper fight. Let me ask you a question. Do, do they speak acts? They probably, everything speaks acts okay. Alright. 100%. Yeah, absolutely. You could easily charge out right now and attack the guy and still rage you. Is there anybody we know that is familiar with pointing out lizard people?


Mm Oh like identifying different types of lizards? Yeah, something like that. We used to have a guy, we did used to have a guy, Brittany. Okay. So what do you guys think? Should I take, should I take these lizards? Should I, should I grab 'em? Should I, should I? We need them. They're gonna lead us, right? I think If we're taking my moth, can we have these lizard people on the the flight? Yeah. Do moths eat lizards? I don't know. Okay. Giant Moss might. Yeah. It might be useful. Moth. These guys don't sound big. Yeah, they're, they're, we need to, we need to scoop 'em up and just Kidnap them.


Yeah. Yeah. Why not? Well, lizard nap 'em. Why Use your Ax? Yeah. You know what, tell 'em they're coming with us and they gotta start talking ax. Absolutely. Okay, so it sounds like you're charging out of your hiding spot right now. Yeah. You're going right up to the bush and you're getting ready to whale on them with your ax. Is that right? Yeah. Yeah. And I'm, I gonna kill you threaten Them 100%. So what I will ask is, it's your action to attack them. It's your bonus action to rage. If you want a rage and you can sacrifice either one of them to instead do an intimidation check. Yeah. To scare them. What would you like to do on your turn? You can do Two of those three things. I wanna intimidate them. I wanna be like, I'm gonna kill you guys. Absolutely. Otherwise You gotta start talking our language and you're coming with us.


Well, A hundred percent. Would you like to save the other part of your turn to rage or attack The other part of my turn? I'd like to save to eat all the donuts. Okay. One a hundred percent. So you're not raging or attacking. Yeah. You're gonna run out and then hopefully get to eat donuts. Yeah. Assuming this goes well with these creatures. Yeah. Yeah. As you come charging out, you hear them start to go, ah, ah, no, no, no. They are obviously aware. A huge barbarian is rushing towards them right now. You almost like kick the bush to the side. It goes flying through the air after being uprooted by you and you're standing over two types of creatures that you actually recognize. You have fought them before. These, your puny little cobalts, little lizard people. You have met different cobalts before.


And in fact, one of these cobalts is familiar to you A long time ago, years ago, we met a COBOL named Mepo and sure enough, you are seeing the COBOL mepo, this little lizard creature. You almost ran over the Liz, another random cobol. And they're looking up at you in utter fear. You know that right now you don't have advantage yet unless you rage as a bonus action. But if you rage as a bonus action, you do not unfortunately get to eat any donuts on your Turn. Okay? Okay. Alright. So what am I doing now? I'm, I'm rolling. You could roll an intimidation check. Roll me 1D 20 plus whatever your intimidation skill is.


Oh, That's only a six. Ooh, I'm sorry. Say what's your bonus on intimidation on your sheet. My bonus is it a plus four? Because if it's a plus four it A plus one. Plus one. I'm sorry to say with a seven. I'm not even rolling. They look up at you and they are scared. They're so scared they want to run away. Okay, so Now we're Gonna and get up the Stairs. We're gonna get rid of the donuts. We're not gonna eat the donuts. We're gonna use the other thing to be like, no, get over Here. Okay. So you want to use that bone action to intimidate them again. Yeah. Attack them, yeah. Or do something else. Intimidate 'em again. Absolutely. Roll intimidation. One more time. That's a nine. Nine plus one is a 10. I'll roll. And if either of them gets a one then they will surrender to you.


First one does not. He grabs meos hand and starts running for the climbing handholds to get up to the middle cave. The other one gets a little more scared. Mepo. The cobalt is scared but he's also like, I think I know this guy in common and he is running with the other COBOL to get closer to the mountain. I'm sorry to say norm, that's your action move and bonus. So you can't attack them even if you wanted to. My bad guys, We would be up To Erlich turn now and the cobols I already rolled for them will be going after Wayne's turn. So Erlich and then Wayne. And then if the cobalts are still alive and running, at the very least they're gonna shout as loud as they can.


We gotta get, and it's clear that they're trying to get back to someone or something inside that cave. Alright, I'd like to do, can I use my charm? You can 100%. Let's Charm And we'll do a haha jk. Yep. Absolute. Absolutely. He's not actually trying to capture who's drink. There's a guy back there videotaping it 100%. You actually have the wine. Yeah, there's a milk boy. Absolutely. I believe you have the per deception skill. Is that right? I think on your sheet. I do not. I can make it a mess. You do not. Sorry, I thought you. Is it on your sheet? Do you have persuasion on your Sheet? I do have persuasion. Persuasion. What's your persuasion? Bonus. So Messy. I hate being roommates with Hank plus three. Plus Three.


Okay, roll me a D. 20 plus three. 10. 10 10. Let's see with a 13. I'll see if they believe you. As long as I don't roll super high on this. Mepo the cold bold does the other cold. Bold also kind of does 100%. They hesitate and they look at you Ehrlich and they go, wait, wait. Is prank. Is prank? And what do you tell them? Haha jk. That's my my friend over there. That's just kinda how that's, that's how he flirts. But he actually really likes you. He's into you. They Freeze and they look at you. Sorry about my friend. They look up at Norm and they go, you know, hurt Cobalts. No, absolutely not.


We love Cobalts. We be friends And Mepo seems very optimistic. The other cobalt does not seem super optimistic, but is cautiously stopping running or shouting or anything like that? You've used your bonus action, you still have your action. If there's anything you'd like to do, if you were to attack them now, it'd be like, haha, surprise. And you'd have advantage on this or you could try to get information added them with your action. Are They dangerous? Do they spitfire? We Romy and actually no, you fought cobalts before. You don't need to roll anything. Cobal jerks extremely weak in puny. They're scary in groups but they don't have any powers except like stabbing people with little daggers and stuff like that. Alright, let's take, let's take 'em out. Absolutely. You certainly can. Yeah, I like that. I like that Right now if you were to hit one of them with a spell, you'd have advantage on that.


Would you like to use your Eldridge blast? That's a can trip that never runs out and you definitely take out one of them probably with that attack. Or you could burn up one of your spell slots and do a burning hand spell and cook both of them Simultaneously. Let's that double Cook. Absolutely. So you're burning up one of your valuable spell slots. You really only have three of those just so you know. Are you, are you okay with doing that? Yeah. Okay, so you're using up one of your spell slots. Go ahead and please roll for me. Five D sixes worth of damage. You're gonna roll the cube shaped dye, the D six three ti sorry, five times. Add 'em up and that's gonna be your total damage. Three times. Three times that. Oh sorry.


Five times. Five times at all. Four, Two. Okay. Six so far. 4 10, 6 0 16. 6 6 22 Damage. Let's go. The one COBOL does not duck out of the way and it instantly incinerated by 22. Damage. The other COBOL dives behind a rock. The fire flows around but he only takes half damage. 11 damage, which is still enough to kill him. Congratulations. You cook both meat and the other cobol. They're both slain. Congratulations Erlich. That was very successful.


But you are down to two of your spell sought left for this adventure. Great job challenge. Those guys were gonna challenge. They Were. We were gonna 2%, they were loud and complicit. They were hundred Percent such. Your action move and bonus Ehrlich. And that is gonna bring us to Wayne's turn now Wayne, what would you like to do? The cobalts are no longer a threat. They're Dead. Who's got the donuts Right now? I believe the donuts are in the hands of our palate. And Greg, He hasn't eaten a single one. I don't, That's not true. I think you've managed to eat at least roll me actually, did you try to eat the maximum number of donuts you could? No. No. 'cause I wanna give him to the group. Save him. Absolutely. 100%. Did you eat one two? I had one, absolutely.


He's still got 11 donuts left. Okay. 11 donuts. Abso if you're hungry too. Just we do have the char card. Card. We do have that. Yeah. Yeah, he just got him donut. He just got 'em for the picture. Can I do, he doesn't actually eat them. Can I do bestow curse on Greg and give him gluten sensitivity? You Absolutely could. Gluten sensitivity is now officially One Of the curses put and it will suddenly become a huge problem if he gets gluten immunity right now he's already in too deep. Oh my. So I would like you to please make a wisdom saving throw to avoid gluten immunity. Sure thing is that a 20 intolerance 2020 D 20 18, 18.


You easily shake off this curse because you have an amazing bonus to your constitution and wisdom saving throws actually. So you attempt to give him gluten intolerance but he is too strong technically. Also paladins are immune to a lot of diseases. Oh, I probably would've not rule a curse counted as that, but nonetheless it makes sense. Sense to know that you would be able to shuck that off quite good. Easily. Well done. Okay, so a Italian attempt. So we see the footprints that are going up to the middle opening, right? Yes, 100%. And that's where we think this dragon might Be. That's where we're told the dragon was going Into a dragon. Dragon spits fire And it breed fire and it it spitfire 100% And it also did a weird climb to get into the entrance for some reason.


That's all we really learned About that. Okay, I think I wanna just go up into that entrance. Absolutely. I wanna go There 100%. I wanna check it out. That's gonna be an athletics check. Now you don't have athletics I don't think is one of your skills. So you'll just be rolling a D 20 plus zero. All you need to get is an eight or higher. That's it. To climb up successfully. That is an eight. Eight. Absolutely. An eight on the dot. Yep is just enough. It's a little touch and go for a moment there. One of the handholds starts to crumble a little bit because you're bigger than a COBOL apparently. And mostly it's cobols using this. But it's also a dragon who definitely was on here at some point. So you managed to keep your grip, just barely climb up the rest of the way.


And now you are noticing that there is a tunnel winding ahead. It seems to bend a little bit to the left and then correct itself. But around that corner you can see a fire coming around the corner like someone's cooking. You can smell meat being cooked and a lot of cobalts chattering in the next room. Okay, you've still got your action and bonus action. What would you, or sorry, your action was used on doing bestow curse. So you got your bonus action. You can inspire somebody or do some other minor thing like a perception check or something like that. Can I do a perception check on this room of cobalt to see yes. To see what they can tell us 100%. Okay. If you do a perception check that'll tell you like how many cobalts there are, what else is in the room, that sort of thing.


Okay, 100%. What is that three? That's a three. Ugh. I am sorry to say whatever your perception bonus is, it just sounds like at least maybe a dozen cobols in that room. But you can't pinpoint exactly how many there are. And you can whisper this down to everybody who's about 20 feet below you right now that you are aware of some cobalts up ahead. But that is it right now. So Wayne, well done. That is gonna bring us to the COBAL turn. Since you climbed up, there's no COBOL shouting or anything like that, but the cobols who are in that next room might become aware of somebody ahead. Luckily you hear one of them say something and draconic their native language, the language of dragons and one of them said, Hey, I thought I heard something.


No one listened to that guy. He doesn't go check it out at the main entrance. You are completely safe right now. Well done. And that'll bring us to train wind turd. Now let's go train the cold holds. Have we have not lost the elements of surprise yet? What we like to do and in theory you are here at the action with all the rest of us right now train wind. We We, we'd love to stay sneaky if we haven't been quite yet pointed out. Is that possible? Yes. But I will warn you as somebody who wears heavy armor, you are one of our least sneaky characters. Unfortunately at the same time, if you don't climb up now, you might be falling behind other people who do climb up Then we've gotta climb up. 100% can't climb. Now you have I think, pretty good athletics also if you look at the center column of your sheet under skills, I think we have a plus five athletics.


Is that right? Under skills? That is Correct. Yes, absolutely. Romeo D 20 plus five, all you need is a total of an eight or higher. So we got 11 there, 16, 11. So we'll take that. Plus Five 16, that is enough that you are climbing and you're climbing pretty quietly as well. I would say you are avoiding making more noise than you absolutely need to. As you climb up you can see the tunnel going ahead. You can hear a lot of cobalts and get at at least a little confirmation that there's something like a dozen of them. What would you like to do with your bonus action and action? I'd like to confirm how many cobalts there were if possible. Go ahead ro me one perception check Seven.


Seven. What? Oh, what's your, do you have the perception skill by any chance? Under skills I Got plus five perception plus Five with a 12. You not only can pinpoint, there are actually exactly 10 cobalts and one of them sounds like he's in charge of the other cobalts. In fact he sounds so big and beefy. You know exactly what this is. This is no ordinary cobalt. This is what we would canonically call a sweb. He's more powerful than all the other cobalts. He is strong and beefy. I'm not even making that up. A third party group made something called a wo bowl and gave stats to it and artwork and everything. That's that as this is a big beefy dude Joey for a cobol.


At the same time he's only about this tall really? Because that's tall for a cobol. So he is like a big chunker basically. But this cobol, you know he is in charge of all the other nine cobalts in that room. They're also talking about somebody, they refer to him as boss man, but they're talking about somebody else called the master and somebody else called little man. They talk about the master with awe. They talk to boss man like he's in charge. But when they refer to the little man, it's like with annoyance and they're keeping their voice low like they're afraid. Little man will hear them and get angry at them but they don't like little man. You think so that is what you are aware of up ahead. You still got your action.


If there's anything else you want to do, Do we, can we bank the action You actually, yes you could. You can ready an action and say I'm going to do an attack or a spell but not yet. I'm gonna ready it and then if you don't do it, you lose it. That's all I'd like to ready it. Absolutely. What do you wanna ready? There's two things I can think of that you could ready, you could ready to run in and bonk somebody with your hammer. 'cause you have a big hammer as a storm cleric. Oh yeah, hell yeah. You also have spells like thunder wave. Thunder wave would hit a whole room full of cobalts potentially. Or at least a good chunk of the room. It would hit multiple cobalts, potentially at least half of the cobalts in that room up ahead.


So you could ready thunder wave that would be extremely loud. Or a single hammer strike against one cobalt. Or you could ready something else completely. I'd like to ready the thunder. I have a question Tim. Yes. What benefit is there to To getting an action ready as opposed to just doing the action? 100% in theory in this situation, readying an action is a great move to do because we haven't lost the element of surprise yet. So if he readies his action, every one of us could just keep readying actions until it's time to execute up the clip on a then My God. Absolutely. Everyone's like waiting around the corner. Guns ready and then we all fire simultaneously basically. And then we take out fat men and little boys.


Absolutely. 100%. Yes. Absolutely. And I didn't even think of recommending that. So Zach has a gamer. Of course you stumbled into this amazing strategy one I up he's banking for a reason I haven't. So I'm Looking forward to rating up with you guys. Train wind. I'm gonna mark you down as readying. Was it a hammer strike or was it a thunder wave? I would like to ready the thunder wave if possible. It's a great move to ready wind. 100%. Great move. So with a thunder wave, that's some mass. DPS like crowd control DPS. Well done. That's good. And trade win. That's your ready to action then. Greg, what would you like to do? I mean do we wanna wipe these guy? We are we should we all ready or do you want to get, I feel like we should Capture little man Capture little man.


He seems like a Snitch. Yeah because You, you could, they don't like little man you could try to capture And if shit goes bad, we got ready, We got, we got it ready, we got thunder wave. And if we capture, are they behind a door right now? They are not behind a door. We think that this tunnel goes straight ahead. It turns to the left and then a little to the right. That's why we can't see straight into the room. But there's no door. How are there senses of like smell? Not gr. Okay but they've got a big like cook fire going. Okay, so they're smelling dinner right now. The big concern is will they hear our armor clanking? You two are the loudest characters right? And so far so good. Okay. I think if we Capture little man, they'll actually like us do say because they hate so they live in fear of little man, right?


Live In fear of little man. Yeah. I don't know. Does anybody have poisons with them? You wanna poison a donut and roll it down the hall? Ooh, Somebody could concoct a poison. I would say, I'll Say I'm looking right now at my charr card. I think if you eat it you'd probably get pretty sick. Probably full of like ink and other stuff like Right? Yeah. 100%. A lot of magical components go into it. So That's kind of poison right there. Strategically, I don't really see that making sense. Okay. Okay. No, no. Do you wanna stuff the charar in a donut Probably makes sense. We need the charar to fight the dragon. We have a driver. Driver's fired. Yeah. And coin. Yeah we might've benefited from a water pokemon there possibly.


Yeah. You know what's the poison donuts? We're gonna poison a donut and roll it down the hall. Absolutely. What I would like you to do is please roll to see if you can concoct a poison. We'll just call this a D 20 and sure That's A three. A three. Whatever scale I was going to use does not matter unfortunately. Fuck that. And if you would like to swap out for a different D 20 at any point anywhere, feel free to swap around. But 100%, I'm sorry to say, you try to concoct a poison and you're like nah this is just, this is just gluten you accident. Just make gluten instead of of you know poison. That would work out in the cobalt. Your Pretty shirt. Fuck I'm, I'm rolling. A regular donut. A regular. Yeah, I mean with that roll I would kind of say you're like don't worry, I've got it poison.


You roll it in, you hear them eat it. One of them gets a little bit of a stomach ache and they seem otherwise completely fine. You know what? Own roll. See if they get a one. They did not have gluten intolerance. I'm sorry to say they're doing just fine big. They're just eating. It's only you. I mean you only put out one donut so they're not even really getting that bad. A tummy ache. They're fighting over the donut it sounds like. But that's about it. The SW bowl, the boss man does end up eating the donut. He Gets the donut just to be clear. Interesting. Yep. It's clear that he gets all the good stuff. He says I will maybe give the sprinkles to the master but I need this donut. And how close would you say we are to these guys? Pretty close. They're, if you climb up to the, sorry, I should have asked you to do this already. Roll me one athletic check just to make sure you get up there to the tunnel, in which case you're 30 feet away from the cobalt.


18. 18 you climb. Oh and not only do you climb up easily, you can carry one other person up with you. So far we got two people who have climbed up successfully and you are the third person. Two people have not climbed up yet. You could bring up Norm or early. So if I bring up, if I split them up, that means one person of the group's left behind. Correct. Oh my god. I'm gonna take Big Cat. What's your name? Norm. Norm. Norm. Absolutely. You got Norm, I got the char art on your back And we it this the char art is in his pocket but the painting is sort of sandwiched between the two of you. As you are being carried up to this level, both of you land on this level, at which point I would just like you to roll a D 20 for me real quick.


14. Okay, with a 14 you're all doing fine right now. It seems like no one has alerted anybody. The cobalts all seem like they're just talking to each other at the moment. So as you climbed up, you rolled the donut forward with a bonus action. You still got an action right now. You could ready an attack or you could do something else. Sure can I, there is the, can I cast a zone of truth to the nearest cobalts? You Certainly could throw a zone of truth into that room. Yes. They wouldn't know that you've cast it. Yeah and then they would all start speaking the truth as long as they Felt their I like to that so 100%. So you drop a zone of truth in there. I'm gonna roll a saving throw for all the cobalts combined and then a separate one for the boss man.


Okay. Oh the cobalts are not, well actually with a minus two, what does it say? What your spell save DC is actually I, I can calculate it. 15 would probably be the number. In which case with a 14 they just barely failed. And then the boss man also fails with a total of a three. So all of them start speaking the truth. Let me roll just to see how yeah they, one of them says, well this cobalt slept with this guy's wife and they start shouting and roaring at each other. Oh my drama is happening. And it's spinning out. Somebody else starts to admit that he saw somebody else grab a piece of the donut and shove it in his mouth. Bossman starts getting mad and he starts being like, well I don't even like donuts, I just wanted to eat them so no one else could have them.


Oops. And he blurted that out. All the cobalts are getting mad at each other now you can tell. Sounds hell. Sounds like a beach house. That does sound a lot like a beach house. Absolutely. 100%. It's just total drama right now happening there. Did the Nicki Smokes one take the fire resistance. You do figure out one of the cobalt the the SW bolt has been hooking up with all the other cobalt in like the workplace and it's like becoming a problem at this point. The dragon had apparently told them to stop sleeping with them and like it's unclear whether he has or not. He So they're doing their best right, right now to keep things, things Together. Tiptoes. Yeah, it's falling apart now it seems like Greg, your zone of truth. I have never seen a zone of truth used so aggressively so well or offensively so successfully.


Well done. Thank you Norm. That is gonna bring us back around to you. Okay. And on the cold bold turns they are not paying attention right now. Okay, before we do my turn. Truly unruly. Truly unruly Lemonade combines the high alk fun. A truly unruly with everyone's favorite. Lemonade. Lemonade let loose 8% A BV. 100% delicious level up your lemonade force. Supercharged lemonade flavors bump and blue RAs OG original lemonade punched up pineapple wild pink. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. We love truly unruly. We're gonna get unruly all summer. Get unruly with truly level up your lemonade with truly unruly. I'm a big wild pink guy so go get it now. Truly unruly.


Get unruly. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly. Alright, what do we think boys? Are we gonna try? Are we do we do? I mean I'm the strongest, I'm not even with you guys so good luck all. See Should we get him up? We Gotta get him out the mountain, Right? Should we get 'em up? Safety And numbers? Yeah. Are you gonna piece? But like So far everyone else has made it up and He, I have two actions and ironically you had perfectly up good at athletics. Got it. He did not. So I would've maybe taken up So, So what do you, do you want me to come get you or you want me to? I'm Having trouble getting up. Alright so can I grab him? I have two actions, right? Yes, 100%. So I'd say with your bonus action you can almost hang down from the ledge.


Reach down, Love and pull that. Let me grab him up. Absolutely. Romy one athletics check to hoist him up. Are you raging before you do that? Hoisting that, eat up your whole turn then in that case, No, I don't wanna rage. I don't, You're not raging yet. So there's one roll. Seven. Seven plus five. Oh Athletics. I'm a, I'm a plus seven Plus seven. Now with a 14 that is just barely enough to hoist up. Eight. Let's go. Anyone else would need to a 15 but a no. You're able to get 'em up there with a 14. You bring up Ehrlich in an incredible teamwork move 100%. Okay is Earli and you land him safely on the ledge right next to you. Is that right? Yeah, He's next to me. And now Tim, for my second action, I would like to ready a like mega rage attack.


Yes, 100%. Now the issue is you can either ready to rage or ready to attack. I presume the attacking is what you want. Sure. You won't be raging unfor. You know what, roll me 1D 20. If you roll well enough then I'll say you're able to sandwich both of these in. That was a one. So not Oh one. I'm sorry to say you'll, you'll, I assume you ready an attack but not a age D. That Right dice has gone cold. Yeah, we're ready in attack percent. Everyone ready percent. You got attacks ready in that case. Well done Norm and Ehrlich, you are safe and sound on the ledge now. Well done. What would you like to do So far we've got two people with ready to actions. You can see an ax ready from Norm and we've got a thunder wave ready from train win.


Is Ehrlich really grumpy and hungry Since he just got up? I'll leave that up to you. No, I feel good. Okay. At a burrito. Okay. Absolutely. I would like to, I don't know which skill is best for this. I would like to either use stealth or investigation just to get a, just to get eyes on this guys. 'cause I feel like the little man might be one of those. Like he's not actually little, he's massive. 100% you can use either one of those skills. Stealth would be, I'm scouting ahead, putting myself at risk but if I succeed no one sees me and I can see all of them peeking around the corner into the room. If you do investigation then you're keeping your distance and figuring out clues just by almost like just barely peeking around the corner a little bit.


Let's go stealth. Absolutely. Go ahead and roll me 1D 20 plus your st. Do you have the stealth skill by any chance? I do. 13 plus five. Okay, with a 13 plus five, 18 is enough that you know you are being perfectly silent. But here's the problem. As you get about halfway down that tunnel thinking I've never been more quiet in my life, I'm absolutely gonna succeed on this stealth check. You're getting a little distracted because you're focusing on being quiet, not on investigating. And that's why unfortunately when you stumble into the trip wire that has been set by the cobols, you are not noticing until after you have already broken this little piece of twine that it was attached to the wall.


You see the twine start to go through this little police system. It's going up to the ceiling, it's going up to something above you. You see a clay pot hurdling down towards your head. Ehrlich, I'm gonna need you to make a dexterity state and throw, I'm Sorry to say, I wanna say just 'cause we're a team, I wanna take ownership for this. I'm the one who brought this fucking idiot up here. My bad. What's A dexterity throw my bad dexterity Saving throw gonna be a D 20 plus three for you. Unfortunately my, I invited him since you don't have training in it. That's a four. A four Plus three is gonna be a seven. I'm sorry to say Ehrlich. The clay pot is shattering on your head and you are getting covered with acid.


Oh, now let you roll a D 20. Let me see how much damage You're taking. Worst case, is it really smelly acid Too? It's pretty smelly. It's cold. Bold acid. I'm sure they made it out of like bodily fluids and stuff on. Oh you're probably 14 plus another 13 Did get in His eyes. He's going to be it definitely got into your hair, beard, eyes, everything. He did Get into his but Seep Out his butt. Roll D 20 to see where it got, first Of all you wanna put it in Roll. The Nine. Nine. It did get in your hair beard. I would say it went down your back, not into your butt. Okay.


It's But it's getting there. It's racing down Your back. Yeah. You took the back Shot. Yeah. Unfortunately. Gotta full on creek five With 27 damage. I am so sorry to say Ehrlich. That's about half your health. You have 45 health. Normally you've taken 27 points of damage. This is where a healer might be very helpful Potentially. I got a question. So he lost half his Health. He lost half his health. At what point is it like we just gotta put him out of his Misery? I mean once you drop down to zero HP you're not dead. You're just unconscious. Okay. But you can do So. He is close to like He's helpless since he's at. But a lot of The healing is touching him. I don't wanna get calm on my head. Good point. The weakest healing magic is long distance. The strongest healing magic would involve physical contact for better or worse.


So that would be our clerics decision to make obviously. Or anyone else who has healing magic, including our pal and Greg as well. Yeah, but so now These, all these dudes know that we're here. So let, let me get one more D 20 roll. The higher you roll on this, the more you resist shouting and the quieter it was. 18. There we go. Okay, 18. Here's the thing. The acids dripping all over. You sizzling away boiling your skin like xenomorph blood, but you go and you're not screaming strong, strong or shouting at all with that stealth check. I am gonna roll long. You don't go roll super high on this. None of the cobalts have noticed that you just got hit by that trap yet.


Congratulations Ehrlich. You did set off the trap. It's set off now. There's no further trap you think. And it did not sound off the alarm at this point with the rest of your check. That was good. Being very successful. You guys Aren't gonna get trapped when we attack. You're able to peek around the corner now with your 18. You see? Sure enough, 10 cobalts, one of whom is a beefy sw bowl. The SW bolt has a spear and a shield. The shield has red dragon scales embedded into it. He has a sick wooden mask to make his head look more like a dragon. And he's got three things on his belt, which is just a rope and a loin cloth. It's like a whip of some kind. And two belt pouches. One definitely has jangling coins in it.


One has some other object in it. And then there's like a cobalt cook cooking some rats. There's like a young cobalt, a bunch of cobalt archers scattered around here. Any chicks? There are several female cobalts. In fact, it seems like they're all in. You're, yeah, you're covered in goop. Absolutely. And you also know that there is a statue in this room. The statue is a statue of the dragon. It looks very drippy, very like tro door vibes. It's clear that the tr cobalts tried to put together a bunch of rocks timed together with strings. Paint them red probably with blood. But there are a pair of gemstones in the dragon's eyes. And from the statue you don't recognize where they come from. But somebody here wood, they are storm gems that are in the dragon's eyes.


And you notice there are two doors. One goes further into the mountain to the north straight ahead. But that door has a lock on it. There's another door to the east that does not have a lock on it. Now at this point you could sneak back to your team and let them know everything you just saw. Or you could stay right here. What would you like to do? I'm gonna stay right there. What's fuck? I feel like if I go back, it's a classic case. If I go back and tell 'em everything I know, then they have no more use for me. Aw, you're Embarrassed. We're gonna make fun of you If you, you come back, we're gonna be like, who's this thinking? Paul, I brought you up here. I gotta hold this inform. I can't, they can't know this information yet. 'cause otherwise I'm useless. All first selfish move of the game. Yeah, that's off. I'll point out one other thing.


Don't forget that you have Lola, the MP who can do something right now if you want. Famously Lola can turn invisible also. So Lola could be invisible right now and you could have her do something in this room if you want. Can I send her through one of the doors? I could send her through one of the doors? Yeah, let's do that. Obviously, unless you have the key, it might be like she could try to pick the lock to get through that northern door, but she doesn't have thieves tools or proficiency or anything like that. Can is can we? Can she just wait out someone going in one and then just follow it in? Yeah, absolutely. 100%. You could wait for the door to open or you could go through one of the doors. The problem is the door to the north is locked door to the east is not.


But you could wait for somebody to open the doors or just go through the eastern door. Right now if you go through the eastern door right now, since you'd be opening and shutting it, she would have to make a stealth check. But she'd have advantage because she's invisible. I mean the one that's locked has gotta be the door we need, right? I guess we'll find out. Let's go through the east Ly. You're going through the eastern door. You're the guy who got fucking trapped By a wire. I successfully stopped them from you guys getting trapped. That's called being a team player. I'm ready to rage. Yeah. And now you won't have to worry about getting trapped. You're welcome. Okay, Roll me 2D twenties and take the higher number for Lola VI 20 bitch. Plenty. You don't need to roll any more than that.


Lola her. She spears. That's what she says. Right? Little roll. Absolutely. And your minion Lola. The Im is waiting for the exact right moment. When all the cobalts are yelling at each other over their various dalliances and stuff, you are able to slip in quite easily into the next room. Lola telepathically reports back to you that she's looking at a dead end. It's a forge. And the forge seems like it's in complete disrepair. It's clear that there was like a bunch of knights who like built a monster hunting lodge up here and that the dragon moved in after it got abandoned and had all its cobalts living here. There's nobody in this room except the furnace. The smelter is running right now.


There is a fire roaring in it and a little figure is huddled in the fire. Who looks up at Lola with little horns and little wings and a scorpion tail just like Lola. This is another MP that you have not seen before. What would you like Lola to do? The MP looks around and then just looks down because you rolled so well on your stealth. This MP has no idea. He thought like did someone just come in the room? Eh? I guess not. Just because he can turn invisible too doesn't mean he can see invisibility. So he's not aware of Lola's presence.


What would you like Lola to do? Anything or? I think I, I think, I think she should come back. She comes back and she reports everything back to you that she had already telepathically told you, but confirms that she's able to make it back to you at that critical hit. No problem. She's now perched on your shoulder and she remains invisible. Well done early. Good turn job that will bring us Now you Gotta get in this other door. Yeah, right? Absolutely. Wayne's turn now. So Wayne, what would you like to do? Is is the SW bolt, is he the one that has the keys and the sack? Yes. 100%. The SW bolt, the strong one is the one with the key. It seems like he had two belt pouches. We knew one was full of coins. We didn't know what was in the other one.


Okay, I can disguise myself. Yes you Can. Yes. Should I disguise myself as the SW bowl and then try to get the army of cobalts to lead us somewhere? That's not a bad idea at all. Should I disguise myself as the drummer of the Beatles, as the drummer of the Beatles? Can I paint a star on my face? Do I know what little man looks like? You do. Not yet. Unless you make a perception trek and try to listen to the cobalts For more clues. Or could Little man potentially be the amp? Oh, the amp that's in the, yeah, in charge of the furnace. We gotta get our hands on these key. If I dis we have to get in through the waffle.


If I disguise myself as the SW bolt, do I also get the bag with the keys that he carries? You would not necessarily gain the same possessions he has. And actually that's part of the problem with the disguises. You would look like the SW bolt, but you wouldn't have his mask. He shield his spear belt pouches, any of his equipment. Okay, so here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna disguise myself as a SW ball. Absolutely. And then I'm going to use my sleight of hand. Ooh. To steal the key from the other SW ball and be like I am. I'm the real SW ball. Absolutely. Okay, I see now where you're going. See I hundred percent As the real SW bowl. I wouldn't have this key if I wasn't actually him. You turn into the WO bowl, you go to enter the room and try to walk right over to the other SW bowl and grab his key before starting to talk to the others and being like, we got an imposter here.


Yep. Is that right? 100%. So you walk in, people are like looking up and then as they're almost doing, you're already halfway across the room and they start doing double takes. Like wait, but he's there and he's there. Wait, what's going on? As wrote me a site of hand check. No advantage, no disadvantage on this. Okay, that Was hot. This one's a Yeah, for sure. It's a five. Oh, What's your bonus on slide of hand? Five skill. Okay, with a 10, I'm gonna see, first of all, did the SW bowl notice that you did that? He just barely did. Then the other cobols also did, I'm in trouble. I'm sorry to say. You come in, grab the key from this COBOL and then start to be like, hey everybody.


And the SW bowl goes, who is this? What's going on? And the other cobols go, ah, I don't know. I don't know. And they are speaking to each other in draconic, which you understand and can also speak. What do you do or say at this point with your bonus action? Can I cast a spell? I would let you try. Yeah. What spell were you thinking of casting? I'll let you know if you can roll the Casting hypnotic pattern. I'll let you roll the cast. That one that's normally an action and you've already done action. This turn roll. And if you can get like a 15 or higher, you can try to quickly cast a hypnotic pattern. Wait, Did we do counter charm? Me and all allies get advantage on saving throws against, I guess we're not being monitor control. You're not being charmed. If they had counter charm then you'd have a problem.


But hypnotic pattern is you doing a charm on That. So I roll 2100%. If you get a 16 or higher 19. 19. Amazing. You're able to pop off a hypnotic pattern. Spell it, fills the whole room. Amazing. Spell. Every one of these cobols needs to make a saving throw. So first of all, the Swo bolt first. And most importantly, what now hypnotic pattern is if they fall under this charm, they will be staring up like it's fireworks going on over their head. Yeah. Jaw dropped. They dropped their weapons to the ground. They're like, what is the hypnotic pattern you create? You can create any image that you want. Any image Can be like looping like a gif. It can be like a scintillating kaleidoscope, whatever you want.


I think I'd Like to put Joe Buck's face on the ceiling. 100%. Wow. I like to Project that you make this like animated face of Joe Buck, that he is talking to them and hypnotizing them and they start to stare and they're just listening to what Joe Buck is saying to them. And the SW Bowl will roll first. He is not a Joe Buck fan. He rolled really well with an 18 on this. He's beating the spell. However, there are nine other cobalts in this room. Cold number one fails. Number two fails. Number three fails. Number four just barely fails. Oh, talk to number five. Just barely fails again.


Number six. Number six is the first one who passes. So that's one other and the leader. And that was number six. Number seven fails. Number eight fails. Just bare. No, that's a success. Just barely. So that's two cobols. And then I think one more. Number nine fails. Cool. So of all the cobols in the room, the SW Bowl leader and two other cobols are still fighting right now. The rest of them are just listening to Joe Buck and talking to each other about what he's saying to them right now. Okay. All right. 100%. We get back to Tim Woods and d and d in a second.


He is brought to you by Better Help. Part of my take is sponsored by Better Help Men Today face immense pressure to perform, to provide and keep it all together. So it's no wonder that 6 million men in the US suffer from depression every year and it's often undiagnosed. It's okay to struggle. Real strength comes from opening up about what you're caring and doing something about it. So you can be at your best for yourself and everyone in your life. If you're a man and you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to someone. A, a friend, a loved one, a therapist. I've gone to therapy in the past. It's helped me tremendously. And with over 35,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally as the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with Better Help. Our listeners get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash pmt. That's better Help hlp.com/pt.


DD is also brought to you by State Farm. Yep. And basketball. The great players don't just do it alone and and d and d too. They have teammates, you have coaches, you have a solid support system behind them. It's kind of like insurance because let's face it, a lot of us probably aren't great at doing that alone either. That's where State Farm comes in. State Farm is a teammate always ready to assist, help you find the coverage you need and help you recover from the unexpected, from Fender benders to storm damage or even just a question about your policy. State Farm is there to help provide an assist when you need it through the State Farm mobile app. A network of 19,000 local agents and online@statefarm.com. So don't just go at it alone When you need help protecting what matters most. State Farm is there when State Farm with the assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state. And now here's more Dungeons and Dragons.


Great turn Wayne. And that is gonna bring us to the cobalt turn next. Immediately I'm gonna roll to see how smart these cobalts are. These cobalts have just barely not figured out. They can shake their companions to wake them up. Instead they're going after you to try to attack the imposter right now. And as they rush into attack, that is when I'm gonna ask if anyone is rushing in with their ready to actions. Starting with train wind, train wind. Just as three people start to run over to him and gather around him. Do you wanna jump forward with your thunder wave by any chance? There's three of 'em coming at him right now. There's three of them. 100%. We ready up. We're gonna thunder wave him. We gotta save thunder.


Wave will catch all, all three of them and just barely avoid hitting your companion. Let's do it. Let's do, as long as just roll me a D 20 and don't get a one. And you don't actually mix him up with one of the enemies. Don't get a, you still look like a SW bowl. Exactly right? Yeah, that's why I'm having him wrong. I'm might just kind of hang out looking SW Trained. Don't get a A five. A five. Just you almost hit all four of the cobalts rushing your way. And then luckily one of the cobalts goes, it's me, it's me. And you're like, oh shit. That's a Wayne in the bar, which we got co. And so luckily you exclude him from the spell. You blast the liter of the cobalts and the two others with a thunder wave. Is that right? That is correct. The leader of the cob. No, please roll the D eight die two times and add it up.


That is how much damage you do with your thunder wave. So we got a six. Six nice and a one seven. And a one seven damage is what they're saving against. The first minion cobol who's rushing forward fails the saving throat takes seven points of damage. He's yed backwards by your thunder wave into the cook fire and he's dead. Well done. Yeah. Nice. Second cobol, his unfortunately got a 21 total and only takes half of that seven damage that COBOL takes. Three points of damage is not yed through the air. And so he's at two out of five HP left as he crouched down behind the cobalt who got thrown through the air and kind of like some rocks hit him.


But that's about it. Then most importantly, the SW bolt sw ooh had a plus two. That's a 14. He needed to get a 13 or higher. So I'm sorry to say that's just barely a success. The cobalt leader takes three points of damage and that means that he is down now two 11 out of 14 HP left. This SW bolt has almost as many hit points as you, but not quite. And now he's down to 11. Well done. That was your thunder wave. You go go. At which point before the cobols get to do their attacks, we have one other person who ready in action. Norm would you like to charge forward and hit one of the cobols with your ax?


I think I gotta Absolutely sw. There was one minion and the SW ball. The, yeah, take out The sw. Now when you charge in after this guy, you aren't raged yet unfortunately. But you could still go reckless if you wanted to. Yeah, with reckless you get advantage on your attack roll and everybody who attacks you gets advantage against you. That's fine. Are you okay with that? That's fine. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I'm marking you down as reckless, but certainly always worth it. That's, by the way, I don't know if you know this, but norm, when people that I run games for among the awls, I ask them if they're going reckless. They always say of course, like Norm. Yeah, I gotta go reckless. You gotta go reckless because they look up to norm I think 100%.


You gotta always go reckless. 100 Percents no risk, no biscuit. Absolutely. So we're all two times on this attack roll 100%. 11. Seven. Seven. So we'll take the 11. You have I believe a plus six state with your grade X normally, but you're not wielding a normal grade X. You're wielding your magic plus two great X of the chill, which is a plus eight. That's a 19 to hit the SW bolt. And that's a solid hit. Go ahead and roll your damage with the great X of the chill, which is 1D 12 plus. Let's see four for your strength.


You're not raging. So then it's two for the magic. So D 12 plus six. Seven. All right. Seven plus six is gonna be 13. That is a kill. How do you kill the SW bowl leader? Mm. What does it look like? Mm. I'm gonna, I'm gonna drop a, I'm gonna drop a a full plate from the gym on his head. Absolutely. 100%. You kind of like pull a full plate from the gym outta your bag. Yeah. You load it up onto your axe and you bring it down on it. You like serve it up like a pizza almost. Yeah. And tilt your ax and drop it on his head. He is crushed com. He tries to be like squat with it. No, he grabs it. Ooh, Not sos Now not So swollen now.


100%. He uses cobal S size weights. You gave him human sized weight. Skip leg day. Crushed Immediately for skipping leg day. When you do notice he was all up the all in the, in the SW Bowl artwork. Their legs are skinny and their upper body like completely what built. Yeah. Crushed immediately legs first. Well, well Scott Probably watched a lot of NBA had a boat. Absolutely lived on the west coast. Yep. Norm, you still have one more attack. Ready? You can't Run a mile fast. No, absolutely. Oh, and now we have his keys. Right? You notice his belt pouches fall to the ground. Coins fall out of one. A key falls out of the other one. Yes. And you still have one more attack you can do with your ready to action. There is one more.


Pretty scared looking cobal who still looks like he might be brave enough to attack you. Do you want finish him off the last Attack action. Yeah, finish him Off. Roll me two more. D 20. As long as you hit him, he's guaranteed debt. Oh. Oh no. Oh no Rick. I usually don't count if it falls On the floor. We don't count. We don't count three. That's not good one. Ooh. Luckily you get to take the three. But with a three plus eight and 11, ironically you're only missing by one point. But it is still a miss your birthday wish. I'm sorry to say save Him with your birthday Wish. Hank. You could use the Birthday roll right now. Now If you think it is worthwhile to do so.


Do you Think we need to kill this cobalt? I think we got, we should try and get some information from this cobalt. All right. Yeah, he's almost dead. Well he's only one left. All right. We don't know anything about this. You're Not trying to use that re-roll to kill him 'cause you wanna keep him alive for information. Good. Is that right? Good call. Good call. Absolutely. Then it is this cobols turn. I'm gonna roll for his bravery. First of all, that's just enough. He's gonna stick around and try to stab the one person he has advantage on Norm. I'm sorry to say he has advantage on you then he is gonna try to run away. Not worried about it. Oh, I'm sorry to say Norm. He had like, he grabs a butcher knife from where the cook had dropped it as he had started staring up at Jim Buck in the sky.


He grabs a butcher knife, hits you right in the leg with it. With a 19 plus four. That's a 23 to hit your armor class. I'm sorry to say, because he had advantage. That's fine. You're not raging yet. So he is dealing a total of four damage to you. Not bad at all. You have 59 normally. Come on. It is a little annoying. It hits you like I I said the leg, but let me say like kind of right in the kidney, it feels like a kidney stone. The knee Annoyance maybe. No problem. You hit buy so many cobols collectively as a group before that you're kind of used to this. I would say at this point I quid cobols outta my dick. Yeah, I got This. Absolutely. I would also just like to take it this moment to just thank Ralph Rich is an a w out there and every six months I have a call with Ralph Rich where he reviews the last six months and kidney.


Pardon My Take memes, kidney stones was one of them and I got to work it in. Thank you so appreciate it. But Ralph Appreci, thank you so much. Ralph is my hero. He is the one behind the scenes writing all my materials. Shout Out Ralph fr. Ralph. Fr what a guy Herbert. I love that. And absolutely Norm, the cobalt got you for four points of damage. I am so sorry to say no. Don't apologize. That is gonna be the I I I am the type of guy I need to get hit to really feel like I'm in the game. One A hundred percent barbarians. Almost get stronger when they take a few hits. Yeah, exactly. And now I'm awake. Now I'm pissed. And, And speaking of which, the COBOL then tries to run away and he's heading for one of the two doors as though to alert more people.


But because he is running away from you, you can attack of opportunity against Tim. Norm. Go ahead and roll one more time. Key. You don't have advantage on this roll, but one more attack. I have the Key. No, I'm saying the the nine Nine plus eight is a 17. You kill this COBOL as he's trying to run away all the remaining cobols, like all six of them are just staring up at the sky right now. Yeah. Helpless. And all the cobalts who are fighting us are now dead. Thanks to you. Hope it was worth the four points of damage you did to me. Cobolt outta 59. He could have gotten away safely and 'cause he rolled just brave enough or oh's say foolish enough. What an idiot he was dooming himself inadvertently well done.


So cobalt turn is now done. The rest of the cobalts don't do anything. In fact, I don't think they even get saving throws until you end your turn. Which if Wayne gets hurt, the spell might end automatically if you fail a concentration check. So he might wanna keep Wayne safe. We gotta, but he's right now keeping all of the cobalts incapacitated with like a Jim Buck podcast right now and train wind that is gonna bring us to you next. Come on train wind. Okay. How do we feel about everybody's life points? I know we took some damages here. No problem. There was like some, some acid again thrown earlier. I Do you think we need to like maybe like a medium heel spell from a, a pretty close distance to get our our boy back healthy?


What Do think so I mean, I mean who me Norm is, norm is banged up pretty bad. Norm Down 50 not fighter. We need Norm By 20. We Norm at a hundred percent. You could help me. It's like a Gatorade Bottle On the side. The kidney stone did suck. But You have like 50, right? Right. But well I have 59 now. I only have 55. So maybe get me back up to 59 And then what? What is Brittany's heal or Brittany, we don't worry about that. Brittany is down to 18 out of 45 left. Remember Brittany didn't tell us any of the secrets Brittany learned. Do you think if we, if we heal Brittany, Brittany's still gonna hold him out? Yeah, For sure. That's not true. Oh, you're not? No. You're gonna tell us everything shady if, if our nurse heals you.


It's a little I Don't they trust Brittany. No. Do we don't trust Brittany as a collective. As a collective. We not. I actually think Brittany's kind of hot Have History with Britney now that she's kind of half crazy Right now. Does that boost morale though? Like if we Yeah, Keep the hot partner around. I, Yeah. Yeah. I mean I like her just the way she is right now. I think here's, here's the thing. If you're fighting a war and you've got a tank and your tank is missing a tread and then there's like one guy over in the corner that hasn't done shit, hasn't killed anybody and he's like got the flu, are you gonna spend your time fixing the guy that's got the flu or the tank that's missing a tread Are our tank. You only lost four points. I'm not our tank pissed out.


The cobalt stoned quick though. He said it was only four points. Well, I am a beast, but like now, Like that we gotta keep 'em focused and healthy. I don't know. Do you feel focused and healthy right now? I feel a little under the weather. Yeah. Oh no. Do you think that will go in passing or you need heels for that? I feel like I need to heal. And you have how many points? I've lost more than half My points. And are you? But I've lost You over over three points. But his Hit points are, are more valuable to us than, yeah. Are you gonna be forthcoming about the information? Yes. We don't want to tiff with your nomad. You promise? I promise that doesn't feel okay. We'll do the, we'll, we will hear the tank. Thank You. Yes. Appreciate. Absolutely. He was not gonna be forthcoming. I Never, he can't even get it up.


Like he's not gonna come at all. I had to ask. He wasn't Gonna Tell a shit. I can tell Zach plays support because you'd never give it away for free. Right? Like you could be shooting and stuff right now if the team needs heels, then you've gotta make sure that the team Gotta do what you want The for It was old. I'll give you the Charar card, but you gotta eat it. I have to eat it. I have to eat it. If you keep it, will you maybe summon it? Yeah. Okay. Maybe. So you keep it may how strong maybe part of The deal. No, it's a, it's a pretty strong, If I take it, I have to eat it. No, no. If you take it, you have to eat it. But I'll keep it. I'll maybe summon It. I'll take it. Think about eating it and then you take it. Maybe summon it, maybe eat it. Okay. Deal. Deal. Pretty good deal. So I'll it. That's a great deal. And think about summing, but then you're giving it back, Right?


Yeah, he, he took it, thought about eating it, then gave it back to me. Okay, now I'm thinking about eating slash summoning. Fair deal. Now if you do heal the barbarian, I just wanna let you know that'll be your second spell slot of the day. You only have three of those. Are you okay with that? You Know what? Don't heal me. Don't heal any Of those. So don't heal. Take the card. No card, no heal. Let's just go, fuck, let's go, let's go finish this. Let's go fight this drag. Let's, yeah, yeah, let's fight. Let's find the dragon. Let's One heal you. Let's get to the dragon. You do DPSA support. It's always a conflict of like, do I have to heal right now? No. You don't love to heal. I'd love To do DPS Instead. So, so bank those other two for when we go because the dragon might be mess us up. Correct? Correct. I got And you can deal live with the Four and I appreciate you it, it's the offer that counts.


And you're sliding me the card. I'm not sliding you the card. I, I can heal you. You can, but you're not getting anything. Okay. Except a kiss. Okay. Okay. So let's go get him around. Let's go, let's ride. Absolutely. So right now in theory, you know there's two different ways to go. We just found a key to go through the northern door. We know the eastern door is a dead end. Well actually I don't know that we know much about the eastern door at all. It was a dead end. So there is an eastern door that's unlocked. There is a locked northern door. But we think we found a key for that. Assuming norm, did you point out the key to other people? Oh yeah. I let my boys know. I always let my boys know up. Do You hold onto the key or give it to somebody else? I'll give it to em. That's fine. Absolutely.


You got a key. Now the key From Key, key from getting that lock open your Shirt. It was on sw squash It. Yeah. Also, this is when you also notice there are gemstones. Gemstones you recognize in the eyes of their dragon statue. Just a heads up, does The key from the SW bowl the guy that was like banging everybody in the beach house, does it have residue on it? The key, Ooh, lemme roll for residue. Ooh yeah. This, yeah. Pretty slippery key. Absolutely. Let me lick it. I'm gonna lick it before I give it to you. Let me just put it a little on my gums. Okay, Go keep, keep you right. Okay. Take this key. Yeah, I got all I needed out of this key. I got the key on us And we look, we're looking to go to, Who do you think should win the MVP in the NFL this Year?


MVP in the NFL this year I think Josh Allen. I would like to see, I would like to see Baker Mayfield win MP Josh Allen though I'd like to see Baker win it. But Josh Allen's a good. Josh Allen. Josh Allen. Josh Allen. We're just gonna talk about Josh Allen for, it'd Be incredible. Shout out Josh Allen. Alright. Yeah, shout out Josh Allen. Do you think he ever gets a, You think one he Wants Moisture. Oh yeah. And it was Exciting. No, I'm talking about you think he ever gets a Super Bowl? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, for Sure. You think so? Yeah. Yeah. Shout Absolutely. Absolutely. Probably multiple Super Bowls what he thinks. Okay. Absolutely. And so are you grabbing the key to open, open the northern door? They, they slipped me key. We're looking to go up, right? We got this mountain in Theory North. Yeah. So north We, in theory you don't know which, you know what's behind either of these doors, but we do know we've been going north into the mountain.


So we would surmise continuing north we probably be deeper into the mountain. I think we'll rip the key to north door. That's cool to you Solely 100%. You unlock the northern door, you open it up. Is that right? Immediately you explode. No, I'm just kidding. Zach, you're doing fine right now. You do see a long barracks in front of you. Whatever Knight, like Witcher style nights lived in the mountains here hunting giants and miniatures a long time ago. They must have built these stone bed frames. The mattresses and straw have rotted away a long time ago. You're also noticing there is another change in this room since it was on once occupied before the dragon moved in. There is a crack in the floor where there is a lava shining up through.


It's kind of like very bright. So it's kind of like a yellowish orangeish. The color of cheese. If you picture the color of cheese, then it would be that that would be, I dunno about that. The, the lava flowing through. And so why'd you say orange? More yellow. And you also are aware that there is a staircase at the other end of the hall going down. There was clearly once upon a time, a door and a door frame. But it has been pulled off the hinges a long time ago by some big creature going into and out of that staircase many, many times repetitively. And you do not see any enemies in this room. Just a lot of stone bed frames and then a lava river flowing through the middle of the room.


What would you like to do? You haven't used up, you still have movement, your action and your bonus action to do it whatever you want. Can, can I test the staircase for everyone? You certainly could go up to the staircase. 100%. So first you notice as you're going to this river of lava, it's blocking the middle of the room. It shouldn't be hard to jump over with your athletics. A plus five, all you need is a five or higher. So this should be an automatic success for you as long as you don't get a one to jump over. There's also a little wooden bridge that you think the cobols would use and you could walk across the bridge instead. To get to that staircase, what would you wanna do? Cross the bridge or just jump across. I think we're gonna jump to get to the stairs. Easy Peasy for you. You've done this a lot on ships and stuff, so go ahead and roll 1D 20.


Just don't get a one and you're fine. We got a four Four. It's close but with a nine total, you jump over a little bit of the ground crumbles behind you and a little bit of ground crumbles where you land just behind your feet. But otherwise you're fine. You can now walk over to, and let me just make sure I did put something cool. You then can walk over to the top of the stairs and start looking down and maybe testing out the stairs. Is that what you wanna do? Yes. I'd like to make sure the stairs are good for everybody else. Absolutely. As you get to the top of the stairs right before you start going down the stairs, you notice something first. There is at the foot of the stairs the biggest pile of treasure you have ever seen in your life.


However, there's something blocking or like a shadow over part like some of it's shiny and then a lot of it is obscured by something that something seems to be letting out. A loud Max, It is snoring and whatever it is, it is very big. You think it's Dragon? Do we think it has maybe wings? It does seem like now that you mention it, there are wings spread out over this treasure pile. 100%. You've still got your bonus action and your action and so far this thing is not woken up. So we won't wait.


We won't wait. The dragon we're good. You could go down the stairs and test out the stairs. But I warn you right now that Probably we gotta kill the the dragon. We gotta take the dragon out, right? You could ready something if you want. I would like to. I would like to. Ready? 100%. What would you like to, ready? Would you like to ready another attack? Spell a hammer. Strike something else. Thunder wave would hit for 2D eight damage. Do you have any other first level spells? Under first level spells? Either at the bottom right of your sheet or on the second page. The backside of your sheet. Wherever it says first level spells. I've, I've got a fog cloud, thunder wave, Fog cloud and thunder wave. No other ones. Is that right? Even on the second page, just Me. And then wrath of storm and then Oh I forgot. Wrath of storm is really good. So if you do a thunder wave that sounds like it might be your your best attack spell And as long as you don't have guiding bolt, that's the only one I can think of that would be better.


But if you have thunder wave, then not only will it deal 2D eight damage to the dragon if you hit, you can do your wrath of the storm ability to maximize that to just 16 automatic damage against this dragon. Do you wanna ready a thunder wave? Is there anything I could ready that would, if we go in with the bigger attacks that would would heal them up. Like do I have anything I can ready to like if they go in with the big hits 'cause they're higher levels that it, when they're in with the dragon, I could make sure they stay up. You could anticipate that the dragon's gonna hurt somebody and so you could have a healing spell ready as the dragon Is attacking. I like to ready that if that's cool. Love that. Absolutely. I'm gonna have you readying a heel spell 100%. That's a big time. Great. We'll do move 100% that I'm gonna let you roll my car for five seconds.


I'll take, okay. 100%. I appreciate the carb. Absolutely. Back this back. It's back. You got it. So train wind, you've got a heel spell ready. That's gonna bring us to Greg and next We gotta fuck this Greg. Yeah, I mean it's hard. It's putting all this wealth. It's time hundred might have 27 rings. It's time. It's time. Okay. I'm healing too though. So should I Ready a heel and you guys go, I'm go crazy The minute my it comes back to my turn, I'm fucking this dragging up. I like that. So whatever we want to do to plan that out, we're ready to go. So I have an aura of protection now. Yes.


And do I need to cast that or is it always, always Happening? Anyone who's close to you gets a bonus to their saving throws. Okay. Okay. Which means that if everyone's surrounding you and the dragon attacks with let's say a breath weapon, everybody gets a bonus to their saving throws against that breath Weapon. I think I am going to lay my hands absolutely to heal. Can I do one hand on each? Yes. I allow that as a house rule. You have two hands. You should be able to heal two people at the same time with your healing hands ability. Absolutely. His hand, his hands on me right now. One Hand. One hand on you and then one hand on who? Ehrlich. Unfortunately you Could go two hands on Ehrlich on on the chest, two Hands on Ehrlich's chest.


Yeah. Oh, On each one. Are you good with the four? Well I just, I just said I got hard when you put your hand on me. Oh you did? Yeah, But that's okay guys can get hurt. Blue to stop now. Blue ball. Yeah That's fine. Yeah. Oh fuck. Okay, I'll stay. I'll stay. And then just one hand on the breast of, of Erlich. Yeah Absolutely. 100%. You can decide how many of the 10 hip points. Sorry. No, you have like 30 hip points. I have 30 to give. Yes. So you can spend as many as you want on the two of them. Do you get him back up to full with four Points? No, I'm gonna give him three. Three. Absolutely. So he has that chip on his shirt. I love That one point Love damage. I love it. Absolutely. And that's three, you still have 27. If you wanna give all of it to him, he would be at back up to full. Are you gonna fight with Us?


Or you could save some of it always helps out one in reserve just in case. But Let's give him the rest. Abso all of the rest. A true daily double. Oh right, Let's go betting it all as it were. 100% Ehrlich. You are back up to full hit points. All the acid damages wiped away. Congratulations. That's huge. And that will bring us from your turn Greg. Well that's your action. Yes. Anything with your bonus or Move to Can I ready my lance to throw? Unfortunately lay on hands is your action. Ah, I'll let you roll a D 20 to see if you're able to squeeze in maybe a javelin throw into it's forgan or I'm sorry to say you not have time to That's a bad, gotta use that jave and strike hypothetically, unfortunately.


Yeah, But You could move so that you're right next to our cleric. Or you could stay safe back here. So I think I should be closer to everybody since I have the ore of protection come. That makes sense. 100%. Okay. Now ironically, right now they're all not caught up but they might be ru about to run up to where our cleric goes. Yeah, Let's go to like the thinnest area, the bottleneck kind of at the top of steps. It does make sense at the top of the steps is the bottleneck. 100%. So you're gonna go there with anticipation that other people will be joining you there. How you want to get out over the lava? Jump over it or take the bridge. I don't think I'm at that athletic. Mm. Think your Athletics bonuses may Oh you might not have an athletic skill. I do Not have an Athletic skill.


That means it's a plus three for you with your natural strength and you need a five or higher, which means as with a 20, you get a one, you should be fine. Yeah, maybe you can just in fact, sorry it's a six now because some of it has crumbled cru away at this point. I'm gonna, let's just do it. I'm jumping. Yeah, 100%. It should be easy. Just don't get a one or a two on the 20 on the D 20. Exactly right. 100% Dt. Which one? I just rolled an 18 with that one. You gotta go White. You gotta go white. I just used it up. You gotta white. I just used it up. I know it's weird. Usually you just announce while other people do the athletic stuff, don't fall in, use the white one. Oh there you go. 20. Let's absolutely With no cloak, no disadvantage. That's the trick for doing it. Absolutely. And so with your athletics check critical hit you jump over.


No problem. In fact, I'm gonna say you were able to do that with a critical hit. Extra quiet. So I'm gonna roll for the dragon two times. The dragon does not wake up. You are so wonderful. Quiet. I love that. Even in heavy armor, you land and you are able to walk right over to here. You've done your action, you've done your move and your bonus in that case. Well done. Thanks so much. Great work. So Craig, you are now right next to train wind looking down at the sleeping dragon. Norm we are up to you. We're You Now what would you like to do? By the way? I wanted just say Greg, that was really cool of you to save both of us. Yeah, I'll remember that some people you're point the gun at me. Well some people have healing powers and they didn't heal us on their turn.


So appreciate you doing that. Yeah, yeah. And I actually have none left. I gave you everything I didn't get to Have as other people just didn't do shit. Alright, fair go time. Let's do it. Let's fuck it up. Norm, we are up to you right now. You know there is a stream of lava blocking your way to the dragon. Otherwise you're getting the signal from these two like it's here. That's an easy thing to communicate. Yep. So let's go. Absolutely. I wanna, I wanna rage, wanna reckless bonus. I wanna do everything. The moment that you rage, you are filled with fury, power and energy. It is as though Josh Allen just won MVP. Feel the energy just pulsing and coursing your heart shit right now. Ly told you guys about my business idea.


Pupils dilating. Gimme A second. Absolutely. When you start grinding your teeth, you're just like so many good ideas right now. Fuck yes. And you absolutely can roll with advantage to jump over the river of lava now because you Have to roll to see if his sniffles wake up the Dragon. Yeah, we're we're definitely Gonna roll. That was eight. To jump over Eight, 100% is enough. No problem. All right. And then I would like you to roll one time just to see how much like your teeth grinding and your sniffles and snorting are kinda like only A three. Only A three. Probably gotta go back to that. Unfortunately we're looking for a high roll there. You need that. So let me, the eight ball see is the dragon and that with an 18 is the moment when the dragon's eyes fly open and he's looking up and sees our palin.


Greg, he's seeing train wind and he's seeing you Norm. And he goes, ah, treasure hunters. Do we have, well then you are going to regret coming to my house. Nope. And begins to climb off his treasure pile. You still got your action right now. Oh and I'm going for him. Do you want to ready for this dragon to come up the stairs? I'm ready. Ready? Or do you wanna just jump down the stairs and attack Immediately? No, I'm going, I'm going for it. I percent I wanna go for it. Don't be a hero. Trust your plan. I don't trust his plan. What's your plan? You'll find out I'm gonna fuck this dragon up. If I, if I die doing it then my boys are gonna live and I wanna make sure only you train when can get the charge art if I die. This is crazy.


And can you write a will? Yeah my will is You get the charr Ringo, you get my Ps five. Fuck yeah. That's huge. You get the Joe Buck painting. Wonderful. Yep. Brittany, you get me haunting you from the afterlife. Not bad. Yeah, that's pretty good. Not a bad deal. There's my will. That's toxic. Norm Please roll two times to see as you jump down the stairs. Are you gonna get another advantage on this attack roll? What am I looking for? Assuming, are you just running down the stairs or do you want to risk jumping down the stairs? Oh, I wanna jump, I wanna go all absolute The way. Doing absolutely just mid air. Jump down this 20 foot staircase. Let's see if you stick the landing Three. That wasn't three. Well do you get the higher two roll since you are raging now 19.


19. Amazing With a 20 or higher. Come on. As you are jumping down with the axe that chill in the air. Very god of war style. You're bringing the axe down. If you go reckless, you already have advantage. But if you, sorry if you go, if you already have advantage, if you go reckless, you have double advantage now and can roll three times. Are you going reckless on these, these Attacks come on 10. Absolutely. Of course you know answer to that. Well Three times you're looking for that critical hit if you can get it. 14. Okay, One that was bad. Okay. Four. 14. 14 plus eight. Oh ease going to be a solid hit on this dragon at 20 year higher is easily a hit.


And so you are gonna get 1D 12. Okay, plus four for your strength, two for the magic and two for rage. That's D 12 plus eight in that case. Okay. Okay, so I'm rolling. D 12, Bingo. Four Four plus eight is gonna be 12 damage on this dragon that is so far the first damage this dragon has taken and that's huge news. The bad news is he's not nearly halfway dead. That's fine. Nearly That's fine, that's fine. I'm Sorry to say fine. We're gonna fuck Him up. At which point I want to just say, did anyone else have a ready to action? No, I have a ready to heel it looks like, but nobody else had a ready to action and you healed as well, but you had a ready to heel train wind.


So no ready to attacks against the dragon right now. Ehrlich, that is gonna bring us to you. It is not the dragon's turn just yet. Alright, So I I, I I got a plan. Absolutely. I would like to go into the east wing. Yes. What a hundred percent And create a minor illusion to distract the dragon, you Know. Now hold on, Can I send an As, send an illusion up the up the up the whatever chimney. So first of all, you are in the room right now where all the cobalts are staring up the sky, the east door, you know you are the one person who knows is where the other MP is in that room. And then to the north, you know now is where the dragon is But isn't isn't there a chimney in the east wing there?


Assuming that it goes into, into the dragon layer? Yeah, It has to go into the dragon layer. The chimney has To go into the dragon layer. Go up, Chimneys Go off straight up. Alright nevermind. Have you seen a chimney? Well I thought it was like sending heat up to the dragon That that is an interesting idea. You think that the dragon generates its own heat for better or worse? Unfortunately the Fi, apparently the fire was roaring in there so that the MP whose immune to fire could just sit in it like a bathtub and be protected basically from anyone ever touching him. So he seemed to be the one who was enjoying there. The moment you open the eastern door, by the way, you don't see anybody in that room, it's empty. Apparently This was your plan. I thought it was a good plan. I no longer do.


You haven't Used up any of your turn yet. You just looked in eastern door. Let's see. Alright, lets go over the dragon. The dragon. What's elridge? Blast the dragon. Yes. Here we go. Let's go's go 100%. You run over. If you're jumping over the lava, just roll me a D 20. Or are you taking the bridge Lava 11. 11 is enough. You are able to jump over the lava. No problem. Let's go. As you run to the top of the stairs, are you doing a hex on the dragon before you do an Eldridge blast? If you do a bonus action hex he'll take more damage. Yes. Than your Eldridge blast. Absolutely. This is your second spell slot you're using up. You also get to pick one of his six ability scores. You could hex him with weakness, you could hex him with clumsiness, you could hex him with like indigestion. Basically you can make him stupid, unwise foolish or low charisma.


What would you like to, let's just Weaken him. Let's just take This guy out. Can Yes, You're affecting his strength. You give him a curse of weakness in that case with the hex hit one more time and now you're gonna deal more damage if you hit him. Ro me 1D 20 plus six. I think 12. Nice. 12 plus six is enough with an 18. You are hitting him for your elridge blast damage which is 1D 10 plus four I believe. Oh that's a D 12 unfortunately. Oh D 10. Oh thank God. But the D 10 might be higher than that. Is this the D 10? This is The D 10. That's the D eight. It's kind of shaped like a top a little bit but it's a D 12 fatter than the D eight. The dra.


There You go. Bingo. Exactly. Looks kind of like a five sided dra. That's The right one. Yeah. Oh the DRA shaped Boy. Five. Five. So five plus four should be nine more damage on this dragon but roll me a D six for your hex. Now the cube die five. Yes. More On top of that is 14 more damage. The dragon already took 12 from norm So I did more damage And that is going to bring him up to 26. Team game bro. In that case absolutely Norm, I'm so sorry And I was partially reminded by the fact that you held this over him. You should have gotten two attacks Norm.


Not one. Oh I'm So sorry. Get my second attack Really quick. Just roll me with it three times. One more time. Kill the dragon. Two. Two times. Just two times. Not three 13 Already A hit. 12. 12. So you hit roll me another D 12 plus eight. Happily not six. Six plus eight is gonna be another 14, which is the damage he just dealt and that'll bring him up to an even 40. Woo at 40. Did you hear that? I did 26 of damage. You did 14 like you said. Yeah, you're right. Team game. Absolutely. And you have dealt 40 collective damage. The dragon is closer to halfway dead but still no halfway dead.


Just I'm sorry God to say. Well done though Ehrlich. And luckily it's not the dragon's turn yet. However, it's not Wayne's turn either. Suddenly we see or rather hear, okay first we see the door to the forge which you had opened up. Did you close it behind you after you like peeked in and when you were running over to the dragon? Yes. Did you you it up? I don't remember him saying you shut it behind. Is that right? You never, you're lying. I'm gonna, I'm gonna honor the fact that you could have shut it however it is just opening again And we don't see anything emerge. But we see it only opened a few inches And we hear a bat or something fly into the room.


But none of us see anything in the COBOL room. We just hear what sounds like a bat flying around and then it sort of giggles a little bit and flies into the room where the dragon is waking up. You hear it fly over you, the two of you down the stairs to where norm is and you No I'm not. I'm gonna say we don't, none of us hear anything being said to us just yet, but you feel something land on your shoulder norm and suddenly there is a stinger you feel like trying to sink into your neck. I am sorry to say. And sure enough, the imp critical hits you, I am sorry to say with a natural 20.


And that means that you are taking a total of four plus three is gonna be seven damage. However you're raging now that's only three points of damage against you, bringing you up to four then you've been there before. The poison damage courses through your veins. Oh god, please roll two times on a constitution saving throw. I'm giving you disadvantage because this was a critical hit. Would This have happened if that door wasn't Opened? It would not have made a difference. No, it's your fault if the door open or shut to be fair. Is It good manners to close the door after you walk out Of It's probably. I would. It's your fault. Think so. Maybe you can close the Fucking door. No, no, no, no, no. This was his plan.


What am I rolling? Roll me A 2D 20. Take the lower number 'cause it's a constitution saving throw. 18. 18. 10, 10. Okay, so you take the 10, sorry, norm on your sheet, does it say what your constitution saving throw is? The i I, let's see. You would've a plus two and then a plus three. So you'd have a plus five. What did you get on your roll again? I got a 10. 10 plus five. That is enough. You're gonna take half damage from the poison then in that case. Okay, thanks Hank. Well done and so appreciate it bro. You are gonna be taking all of this but then half of it at least We've closed a fucking Door. Okay, so that's gonna be would've been Max Just looked at the actual door.


12, 17, 20, 24, 29 damage is what you would've taken. You're taking half of that because you passed the saving throw. And so that's 14 more damage brings you up to 18 norm and I would like you suddenly it's no longer invisible. You see this MP on your shoulder and it's like running around trying to like hide in your a fur as it were and stuff your snorlax fur. I would like you to please roll me a D 20 to see if you notice something. 11. 11 with an 11. That's just barely not enough. You don't know if this m is Lola or not.


You hardly ever see Lola because Lola is usually invisible. So for all you know, Lola might be attacking you right now. Lola's the only MP you've ever seen in your whole adventuring career. Just to be clear. Okay, so norm, that is what's happening on M turn. And at the end of M turn it is now Wayne's turn. Wayne, what would you like to do?


We'll get back to DD in a second. But first a word from Chevy. You grind all year, early mornings, late nights, fantasy drafts, hustle mode on. But when summer hits, it's time to chill. And Chevy Silverado makes that possible. We're talking toing the boat to the lake off-roading in the woods like a legend and still having time for the squad and all your gear inside Chevy Silverado is comfy. It's like a recliner on the outside. It's built like a linebacker. Chevy Silverado, work hard, chill harder, football guy approved. Head to chevy.com. Check out more about the Chevy Silverado. Chill harder with a Chevy Silverado


D D's also brought to you by our great friends over at hey dude, the makers of the world's most comfortable footwear. Part of my take is hitting the road and hey dude is bringing us straight to hey dude, country where the drinks are cold, the music's hot and nobody's taking themselves too seriously. Just good times, good vibes. And the world's most comfortable shoes. Whether we're lakefront and Tahoe kicking back with the boys or hopping flights all summer long. One thing's for sure. Hey dude, shoes are coming with, they're the ultimate travel companion. Easy to pack, easy to slip on and off. If you're at the airport so fast, so light, you'll forget you're even wearing 'em. No matter where your destination is, make sure you're always arriving in, Hey dude, country easy on breathable and so lightweight that you'll forget that you're even wearing them. Built for boat rides, backyards bar hangs. They're perfect for wherever the summer takes you. So whether you're in Tahoe, Toledo, Tallahassee, or just chilling in your own backyard, you're always just one pair away from hey dude country, head to hey dude.com/barstool and gear up for your next trip. Trust us, you're gonna want these along for the ride.


And now more DD if I do fireball, is that weaker against the dragon? Unfortunately, you know for sure Fireball would deal zero damage to this dragon unfortunately. And to the MP probably too. Probably to the mp. Yeah, MP was sitting in fire we think, geez. Right. For my Christ, the first thing I do, can I close the door? You certainly could. Yeah. You go to where the in flu out of and you just shut that door in case there's any I it's Like really con, it's nice if someone stands open and I'm like we're not heating up the whole neighborhood. Absolutely. 100%. Yeah, well done. Absolutely. Okay, so I need to, I need to get in this fight, I gotta have my boys back.


If you have any spells that might be helpful. A lot of your spells tend to be like charming and stuff like that. Yeah. Hypnotizing to be fair, dissonant whispers deals 3D six damage if you, if they fail their wisdom saving, throw as you whisper horrible secrets of the universe into their mind, A painful melody into an enemy's mind. Could I, could I sing Imagine Dragons to The dragon? Yes, 100%. Absolutely. And he goes, no, not that because as a dragon he, he hears that all the time. Yeah. As you do some distant whispers into his mind, he needs to make a saving throw. Okay. He has just barely failed that saving throw. All right. If you cast it at first level, that would be 3D six damage.


If you cast it at second level it would be 46. And if you did it at third level, yeah, then that would be five. I'm doing third level D six. That is your last, I'm saying radioactive slot then. Yeah, absolutely. So you of no third level spell slots left but you use up your last one for five D six is worth of damage. He's gonna take all of that damage. Okay, nice. That's a six. A six is already great. A six six. Amazing. Let's go 1 12, 13, 2 more Six er one fucker. Okay. 14, six Er three fucker 14, 17 more damage brings him up to 57.


Okay. And at 57. Now at long last you can tell the dragon is just barely halfway dead. Barely well done. Absolutely. And so with that spelled, there's one other effect that he gets. He immediately hearing, imagine dragons coursing through his head. He goes, no, no, get it away. Get it away. And he begins charging away from norm. Norm immediately gets one free attack against this dragon norm. One more D 20 against him 13. 13 plus eight is gonna be a dirty 20 1D we 12 plus eight 10.


10 plus eight is 18 more damage bringing him up to 75. Now he's 100%. He looks like he is three quarters of the way dead. Starting To say he might have A hundred well Done. Absolutely. It might be a nice even round number. I didn't realize that. I'd say roughly 75% dead maybe. And so you are absolutely clobbering him. He runs and he's cowering the corner underneath all these statues and sarcophaga of all these ancient knights. Well done Wayne. That was a good a fastball special as it were. A combo where you hurt him and then Norm gets to hurt him and that and he also looks at you and goes, the wo bowl betrays me.


Yeah, that's right. Fucking S bitch sw right now. Now he's mid major too. Absolutely thinks he's been betrayed. Now at this point, just as you are making him think he got betrayed, that is when he shouts pets. Pets protect me And we are just coming up to the initiative count where just before train wind goes, his minions would go and from out of the lava a pair of fire snakes, serpents made of pure flame begin to coil themselves out of the fire and slither towards two of us. The people at the top of the stairs are you three. So I'm gonna roll to see who the first fire snake goes after.


I am so sorry to say train wind. We've gone one fire snake going after you right now. It lashes out to bite you. You and as it does train wind. Do you have a ready heel right now? I just wanna check, did you use that on norm at all when he took damage? He's down to 14 damage. No. Used it last right now You didn't use it yet. Okay, so you've got it if you need it and it looks like you might end up needing it. So let's see. First attack roll against you is a miss. I'm happy to report with a total of a nine Misses your armor class. Then he tries to whip you with his tail attack. He lashes out trying to bite you. And then is fiery tail is going to be a total of a 12.


But what's your armor class? The top center of your sheet. All shields, armor. All shields. Armor class. Armor class. My bad. It's gonna be right top center. Top top center. Just below. Character name, character Name. Oh 16. 18. With shields you're Doing fine with your 18 with your shield up, you are absolutely blocking this attack and the fire snake fighting you is done with his turn. Then the other fire snake is going after our barred. Wayne Wayne, this is dangerous because if you get hit you might lose the spell that's keeping the cobols hypnotized. So ooh, first attack against you is a 15. Can I ask what's your armor class on your sheet?


17 leather Shield. 17 misses you just barely well done. And then the second attack also just barely misses you. Well matrix done. Yeah, with a 10 total we are avoiding all the attacks from the two fire snakes. Huge. The cobalts remain hypnotized. That means on their turn. And I'm so sorry to say this is when the dragon would be going now, okay, right before your turn train wind, how many health do you have Left? It is what? How much health do you have left? Like half The dragon is marching right up to you. You a bitch Norm. And I'm sorry to say Wait, wait Tim, I can deliver cutting words when an enemy tries a dice roll.


Interesting. Okay, so here's the thing. He doesn't roll a D 20 for this, okay? But I would say that your cutting words can be used to raise the saving throw for everybody in your group 'cause it's affecting him at the source. Do you wanna do cutting words on him right now? Yeah, I wanna insult the fly. I wanna roast this dragon. What do you say to roast this dragon? He's got some terrible furniture. Absolutely. 100%. Yeah. And I'm like dude, come on. Like get a job. Absolutely You, you Live like this. He goes, I have collected the best furniture from these nights. You see some like tack board Ikea furniture fall apart in the background is like a Sarco. It just falls Apart dude, like A A slob. He is absolutely embarrassed.


Please roll a D eight against him. Which one is that? The D eight one looks like a right here. It's a prism. I got it. It's a, it looks like a platonic solid Eight. It is the one that looks like arael ironically. And so with an eight it's a plus eight to everyone's saving throw. And to take half damage from this fire, you only need to get a 15 or higher. So a plus eight is actually huge. So first of all, I'm going to now roll to see how much fire damage we are taking in awe. I will let you know when I am done. Rolling.


Okay, two for starters, two points of damage, then another six is gonna be eight points of damage. Then another eight is going to be 16 points of damage. Then oh, another 12 is going to be 28 points of damage. Two more. It's gonna be to whom? Six. And that's gonna be 34. So 34 damage is getting unleashed from the dragon's mouth. He is marching right up to norm to hit norm with this 34 damage first. However, the fire is going up the stairs and it is going to hit everybody at the top of the stairs, which is everyone else who is at the top of the stairs right now, which is all of us.


So norm, since you are front and center, please roll me your dexterity saving throw. You have a plus two from your own stats and a plus eight. So you have a total of a plus 10 on this. You need to get a 15 or higher to take 17 instead of 34 damage B 20. Bingo. 15. 15. Now you also had advantage on this due to something called danger sense. So just roll one more time just to see if you critical hit, but that's gonna be enough. Four. Four. So you are gonna take that initial roll 17 damage. You add 14 on you currently 17. Fire damage is gonna bring you up to 31. He Has that fire potion that I got him.


Oh, oh, no problem. And you would've drank your fire potion before going to this dungeon. Yep. That means you're not taking 17, you are only gonna be taking eight points of damage feast that takes you up to just 22 damage. No problem. Out of your 59. Nobody has a he like a heel ready for no. Nope. We do have someone with a heel ready. I'm gonna see how much damage everybody takes. And you'll roll yours last to see if you want to heel or save it for yourself. Gotcha. And if Wayne takes damage, all those cobalts are gonna come down the steps. That's true. 100% in fact all the more reason. Wayne roll next on your saving throw, roll me a D 20. I believe you have a plus three on this 15.


15 plus the eight is gonna be plenty. You are also gonna be taking half damage but you don't have fire resistance. So that's 17. I gave Him away. You gave Him away. Yeah. I'm sorry to say like an idiot. 17 damage coming your way means I'm gonna need your role at D 20. As Long as you, I didn't think that trade win was gonna take it when I offered him. I was just doing it to be nice and he was like Can I slide you back? No, it's already yours. It's done. You would've needed to drink it technically before you even went into this Done. It was, it was a test would be helpful. Now did you drink It or fucked that up? Did you try Return it to him fucked? I do. Yeah, I fucked it up. I shouldn't have taken the potion. I thought he was like, hey you want a potion? I said yeah, I shouldn't have said yes.


Trade wind. You do have the least hit points. So I will just say this might come in handy here. Oh okay, so but Wayne aroma D 20, just to see if we lost the spell on the Cobalts. 13. 13. You hold onto the spell on the cobalt, they remain hypnotized. Good stuff. You're taking 17 points of damage but you have 51 health in all. Usually you're fine. Absolutely. And then the next person, Wayne Ehrlich, let's roll a D 20 plus two for you. You need Oh five with A five plus two is seven and then with a plus eight from our bard, that's gonna be a 15. Just barely enough to take half damage. That's 17 damage coming your way Ehrlich.


And you were at full hip points, so now you're just 17 hip points down. Well done. And then Greg, please roll me a D 20 plus your dexterity, which I'm pretty sure is a plus zero hun, unfortunately. But you have a plus eight on this. It's a two. Now Here's the thing, no one else needed your aura of courage but you might end up needing your aura of courage. So right now you have a plus zero from dexterity saving to you're getting a plus eight from the bard. Yes. And so that's a 10 total. Then your aura shape protection gives you a plus. What? Or your, yeah, or of courage or or of protection. What does it add to all saving throws is a plus three.


Is that right? It I do not. Plus three. Plus three. That would get it up to a 13. I am desperately trying to think of anything. No that no, that's play would add a plus ones play straight, let, let's play it straight. But it sounds like you are missing the saving throw by just one point. And luckily for you you have fire resistance so you would've been taking 34 points of damage instead you are now taking just 17 with fire resistance. So you got that going for you and that's huge because now you are not halfway dead, you have 52 normally good stuff. However, now the most important role train wind right?


Now can I ask how many hit points do you have? Top center? Top center hip points? 15. 15. That's what I wanted to make sure because right now you, you Only have 15 Level two. I'm low, lower level. A male. A male His game. Yeah. Oh man. So you know that right now if you were to pass the saving throw with fireball with fire resistance, then you would only take eight damage. But if you fail the saving throw fire resistance is not necessarily gonna save you. You'd still be taking 17 points of Damage. Wait deputy, did you accidentally buy a children's fire resistance potion? I did. Yeah it was, that's embarrassing. It was like the fisher price one my first fire resistance. Yeah. Okay, so it's not quite as effective.


Is that right? I'm sorry to say you might be taking a little, I didn't want more than half damage unfortunately. So I'm gonna see, need to see a really good roll on this. You got it for you to be alive at the end of your Tour off D 20. That'd be a D 20. Bingo. You got a 10. A 10 and you do not have any bonus on this. I am sorry to say however you're getting a plus eight. So that is an 18 total and that would be enough. However, you're gonna take a little bit more than eight damage since it's not a full strength. Fire resistance potion, you are taking 14 points of damage.


Knock. You said you had 15 hit points. Four's fucked Up by this 15. You got one hip point left. That means right Now dragon spit out like a tornado of fire. Oh that got shark tornado. That's Right. Let me roll to see how much wind might be going. And I meant to say you as a storm clear kind of command the shark nato. So here's the thing, let me let you know if there is a shark NATO happening, there is a shark nato, would you like to use your storm magic to try to end the shark NATO before it can Start? Can that, can that shark NATO take out other people in the game? It Could potentially, yeah. Yeah, we gotta take that out. I don't want you guys to get hit by that. Absolutely. 100%. That's an air of effect as you know all too well please Didn't you say you would never use a shark nato?


But if it's gonna take out the team, I gotta get rid of it. Okay. I don't think I'm using it. I think I'm getting rid of the nato. Okay. I believe so. Am I misunderstanding? You could End the NATO or if you roll really well, you could maybe try to take control of it if you're willing to compromise your principles. Even If I roll, well, can I not take control and just still make sure these guys don't get taken out? Agreed. 100% Right now the number you need to beat is an 11 One roll. 100%. This is Huge. Nice. Did you get 11? We rolled a One. We rolled a one And with that, I am sorry to say the shark, nato, Jesus, which is filled with fiery sharks is heading right towards you and deals another.


I'm gonna say why six damage to you as long you're down to one. As long as you don't roll 16 on these four dice, you're not dead, you're just unconscious. As long as you don't roll 16 on these four dice. As long as don't roll a 16 or higher and I just roll games, A seven plus seven is a 14. You're unconscious but you are not dead train wind. But I'm sorry to say with that natural one, you try to take control of the shark nato and I'm afraid to say the shark NATO took control of you instead. And it is just flipping you through the air right now. Shredding me off. Jesus. Right? You've been here before. Been here before God, but it's not a good place to be.


No ab. Absolutely. You think the dragon starts laughing like he's Gigi, easy unfortunately. And he says, I love to spam this. He even admits he spams it all the time. I'm recording it. And he also says, he says that he's talking to the, like he says, my uncle works at Marvel Rod like, and he's knocking and Nerf it. He's actually gonna make me stronger. Actually Buffet told he's gonna buffet it 100%, But But Zach said he reported it. Oh, you reported it. I reported Him. Yeah. Well Roll the report him real quick. Reported Dragon, you, you telepathically speak to pound, found your God and you're like, could you report this guy? I'd like him. Nerfed please. 16. 16 Is great.


Pound found, said we are aware of the imbalancing issues. He puts out a little erratic and he says, we're not doing any updates on it just yet. We want everyone to have a good time. And you could tell they're just favoring the players who like to use exploits like that unfortunately right now. So pound, pound is unfortunately just playing to the Smurfs right now it seems like. And you would've needed a critical hit, I will admit. And it's unfortunate you got that high roll so you at least got an answer, but it's not to satisfaction, but valiant turn right there. That is going to bring us from the dragons turn. Now after he takes you out with the sharknado and hits all the rest of us. I believe everyone's now been hit officially by the breath weapon.


Yeah, that is gonna bring us to train wind next. Now train wind. Here's the thing, you had a readied heel going, so I want to give you this chance first. You had been driven into, what did I roll again? 14. You were at one, you were at negative 13 right now. Not great. You can use your ready to heal right now. If you're unconscious, then I know exactly what happens. You roll a death saving through and you might make it up to do a turn if you roll a natural 20. However, I'm gonna give you one chance you had a ready to heal. Would you abuse it to heal somebody else or to try to keep yourself alive? In which case you are desperately rolling for 14 or more hit points restored. Otherwise it doesn't save you. I can't defeat the dragon.


We gotta keep some of these bigger guys up to defeat the dragon. So we need to heal some of the tanks, some of the, oh my God. So we gotta, we gotta heal Brittany, we gotta hear, hear, heal. Greg, who's, what are life points looking like here? Boys? I'd like you to save yourself. I'd lost 17 points. I'd like to, we're winning this as a team. We're save yourself. But I want, we Want if you save yourself, but if we all win without you, then we didn't really win. Correct. But the dragon's dead. No Man left behind. Save Yourself. You guys think we can make it another round? Save yourself. Yes, but we need you. We need you. He's got every time, every time we play this game, we make sure all of us remain tightness. We've never lost a man. He's got heels too though. Save yourself. We've, yeah, this is about you. You gotta come on, you gotta for once yourself, think about yourself, save Yourself. The objective is defeat this dragon, right? Correct.


Save yourself In the game of D. Indeed is your decision, how much you cooperate and how much you betray each other in your call. I can I ask you one more qualifying question? What? When we defeat the dragon, what's the end game there? What do we, what goes down? We win In theory, I'll point out the treasure in theory gets split up split. We go back to town And we receive accolades. So we want to go back Living in People. We Want split up this Treasure. Okay? You don't wanna be going back town and being like, Hey, where'd train wind? Go? Yeah. Think about the accolades too. Your Personal accolades. Can we split it up amongst the five? Yes, that Is, that's in theory the idea. Can we split the up amongst the five? Heal Yourself. Oh. Oh, I'm sorry to say no. You would need to heal one person Yourself. Heal. Save Yourself. You're dead. You're dead. Save. Save Yourself.


I'll be uncon. I'll be Oncon. You get oncon And then he got heels. Maybe Heal yourself. I'll heal the boys. No, make The boys are straight. Heal yourself. We're not gonna kill the dragon, then We're all bad. Yeah, we are. Yes we are. Fine. I'll heal all fine. Heal yourself. I can do that. I can't believe you heal yourself. You're a selfish fuck. What the fuck? No, I'm not gonna heal me. I'm gonna heal the boys. No, you gotta heal yourself. You gotta heal Yourself. I can't heal me. Do it doesn't work. I'm my level's too low. But train Wind, look at me in the eyes. Heal yourself. Me. How Many life points do You have? Do not wanna win with, with one of us dying. How many life points do you have? I More than enough. Mr. Tim. How many life? He's down by 22 it looks like to you. 22 Out of 59. That's Outta 59. We're the boys. We the boys stand.


My god. He's A hero. Who are you gonna heal? Right now? The human barbarian is down by 22 and most other people are down by 17. Yeah. Everyone else is pretty much down by 17. That right? Yeah. Except for you. You're about to be unconscious. We're close. Don't go unconscious. So we'll do 17, 17, 17 and 22. Okay. So we'll do, he's gonna try to dodge the heel. I don't want only one heels To be fair. Also, I'll point this out. You readied and your most powerful healing spell would be the one that you can touch people with norm's down the stairs. Everybody else is upstairs with you. So, so technically it would be one of these three that you could heal with your most powerful spell. If you heal Norm, it's a weaker spell in that case.


And you've got this spell on all the cobalts to make sure they don't pull up on it. On the, on the team. Right. I do have that. But my, my birthday wish would be that you saved yourself. And what And what, sorry. Do we have a second birthday? Do You have any? No, I'm saying my, my birthday wish would be, oh, if it birthday wish. How many heel? What you got? How many heels you got left for the team, Bro, I'm taking this dragon out in the next, I think He used up all of his healing. Greg. Plenty. I'm taking this dragon out in the next turn. I'm gonna rage. I actually don't want to beat the dragon if we're getting artificially healed from you. Right. It's like that's asterisk Peds. That's a Mickey Mouse dragon. Yeah. That's not a Mickey game. It's a Bubble dragon. No, it can't be a bubble game. Heal yourself. Do it. I'll heal.


I'll heal. We gotta keep the spell up so I'll heal you. Ooh. Fab. Absolutely. Final decision. I Don't want it. Okay. You Don't want it? No, no. I don't want it. Who's, who's got the biggest swing to kill a dragon? Ooh. Arguably Mike, Greg. Because Palins can smite with their spell slots. Are you, Are you thinking about maybe doing that Greg Being deal 25 Damage attention. A single hit. I have 52 total hit points. I only lost 17. I'm chilling. Doing fine. Those fires as potions got us pretty far, I'm actually feeling pretty good. Being a little Things', not thinking I might kill you. If you don't heal yourself, You'll kill you. If you don't heal yourself, you'll take me out the game. Yeah. Okay. I all, all I'll heal.


I'll heal the big man. No, I'm gonna kill you if you don't heal yourself. You could. You could kill me on the team. Yes. Yes. And you mean that I'm going to Kill you, but you gave me the card, right? I'm No, I have the card. I've got the card. I have The card. The five seconds. I didn't give it back. Yeah, I Did. I took it right back. We will check the tapes. I took it back. Alright. If you took it back, I'll have the card Then kill you. I will kill you. And the minute you, you heal me, I will kill you. What if you gave his, his lineage, the Pokemon card deal? If he heals himself, Deal Then can my lineage use the Pokemon card whenever? Yeah, in Theory. Yeah. Yeah. Like I said. Okay, we'll, we'll we gotta beat the dragon. So we'll heal the biggest 54 level. So you're giving Norm the spell, is that right? I think, Nope. Do you, would you defeat the dragon?


Yeah. Did you ever give us the info from earlier? Nope. No. Okay. That's, oh okay. That's fair, Man. Left the door open. Alright. He'll, I'll, I'll go with the And you said you only lost 17, right? I only lost 17. Someone As someone who plays a cleric in my family game, this makes me very happy. 'cause it's like, yeah, who was nice to me and who did what. Absolutely. You only gimme the card for five seconds, which is fine. I appreciate looking at the card. We gotta kill this dragon. So we'll go Norm. No wait. Okay, we'll go. You have the spell. We'll go. We'll we'll go. We'll go Ringo. Wait, our best guy's not getting it. Doesn't he have enough to make it through the dragon dragon? 75% right? Tim? He he's The closest.


75% dead. Yeah. 75 Dead. 25%. So 25 points. Probably. If If maybe I'm not good at math, I'm not good at math him. How many points does his, his hit go? Like if he, if he hits out the dragon honey, He hits the dragon for like around 12 to 16 Each Hit and he gets two hits. If we Lose him, we can Beat Dragon. I'm killing this dragon on the next Tours. We'll you to cut a dragon. I'm going to kill the dragon on the next turn he Gets hurt. Those co balls gonna up and then we're fucked that up. I Think we have to go several more times. We take Cobalt's. Tim. No. Is that we take Cobalt Or No, it's Dead. Can you pick the, We're taking 'em down, right? The cobalt, The cobalts are pretty puny. It would be annoying if they break free the spell come after us. But I think should not, we shouldn't be healing.


Just fucking move on. Just heal yourself and move on. Yeah, fine. Okay, fine. We can do that. Thanks. Heal yourself. I'm gonna heal Tim. The Most selfish player award goes to Zach. Absolutely. Zach, if you're healing yourself, you need to get at least 14. Otherwise your healing is for N and you are still the healing. And it used to heal Plus three golf now 2D eight plus three. So if you roll, well you could pull this off. Eight plus Three accident. You need to get 11 or higher On. These's gonna be, we need tee time.


He here. So 11 or higher on these, it's not enough. Yeah, He's not gonna to get enough. You won't wanna after all that. A time for the drama. A hundred percent. For how many numbers Though? I mean it's Total. You need total essentially since it's a plus three and you need a 14 or higher, you need to get a combined 11 on these two Ds. So we think this three. Seven. Seven. That's a great roll. Seven. Okay. That's a great roll. You need to get Four. I can Four. Higher on this second roll. This is fun. Let's stick around three. No, after all of the debating, You try to heal yourself with your ready to action.


You almost keep yourself standing, but the rate of attrition and DPS is higher than your rate of heels. And unfortunately they get you below your minimum healing. And so you fall unconscious nonetheless. It's Crazy because if you had healed to any of us, we probably would've beaten the drag man dead. Recommend all fucked up live and die by D Tim. Right? Live and Die by the dice. Exactly right. When hundred percent. That was ironically the cruelest role I could have imagined, but also arguably the most entertaining role I could have imagined as well. After all the debating. So train wind, I consider that a fantastic turn. Narratively, you are unconscious now.


Please roll me a D 20 to see if you are slipping closer to death on your turn or slipping closer to life on your Turn. What's death? 20 Death Would be a one. Okay. If you get a 20, you actually wake up right now and you get a whole turn after all that totally according to the rules. Let's, let's finish this thing out. A 20 means, yeah, A four. A four. Sorry to say I'm on. I'm, that means the train wind has failed. One death saving throw. If you fail three death saving throws before you get healed, then you are dead for good train wind. I'm sorry to say train wind. So train wind. Amazing turn. That is gonna bring us turn to Greg's turn now. Absolutely. The snakes are still around too. The, the Snakes are still around and they're in melee with you and train wind.


It looks like one snake because they're animals and they're dumb is doing the thing where he's like, I should be attacking these other standing people but this guy looks kinda delicious and I might just munch on him while he is unconscious. In which case that would kill train wind. So if you go after the dragon, you'll provoke an attack of opportunity from at least one of the snakes, the snake right next to you. Okay. Or you could take down the snake instead and then do maybe a second attack against the dragon or something like that. 'cause you get two attacks. Alright, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go for the snakes. Absolutely. 100%. If you take out the snake, you might be able to go for the dragon for another goal. That'd A 10. A 10 plus six. That is enough to the snake for sure. Now the question is, do you wanna burn up one of your smell shots to smite if you just attack with your lance against the snake?


That's, I have two lances. No, You have in theory a Ja multiple javelins, but just, just one Lance. Oh, one lance. In theory the lance is like the nightly, like the, yeah, like a, A jousting weapon. Sure. Cool. I think it's 1D 10 plus four damage for the lance. Is That right? Lance plus plus three Plus three. 1D 10 plus 3 1, 1 D 10, 1D 12 plus 3 0 1 D 12. My bad. I forgot it goes up to that now. So a D 12 plus three is probably your best weapon. However, if you smite with a spell slot, you get an extra 2D eight Let's, you don't know how many hit points this snake has, but you got plenty of smite still. Let's Smite. Let's sm Absolutely. Go ahead and roll 2D eight plus 1D 12, Four and two.


Okay. And is that all three of the dice you Own? No. No. That is just the eight. Which ones and seven Six plus seven is 13 plus another three. Right? You said to the D 12. So you said sorry, 13 plus three, is that right? It's plus 16. 16 is enough to injure the fire snake but not kill him. I apologize. I should have let you know you could have done a higher level smite though. Would you have done a second level smite, which would've been an extra D eight or a third level? Or sorry, you only have second level. I Only have second level. No second level. I'm holding onto my smite. Should I, I'm holding onto my smite. You're holding Onto your more powerful smite for the dragon maybe. Yeah, 100%. So the snake is unfortunately still alive hanging on with six HP left.


Do you wanna attack him again or go after the dragon with your s second and last attack? I'm gonna, I'm gonna let Norm finish the dragon. I'm killing the snake. You kill the snake 100%. Roll another D 20 plus. I think you said like eight against this. It's whatever is right. Six. Six plus six. Absolutely. 13. 13 plus six is enough that your minimum da Well yeah, because you deal a D 12 plus three. Yes. He's got six left. Are you smiting on this one or I, I probably shouldn't, right? It's gonna kill him anyway. Probably Gonna kill him anyway. Yeah. Roll me a D 12 plus three just to make sure. Eight. Eight Plus three is enough with 11 damage. You take out one of the two fire snakes.


There's one standing over train wind's body, but you've killed one right next to you. Okay. Parting the way to the dragon, you could end your turn charging down at the dragon. So the dragon's tangling with two people at least. Oh yeah. Let's where he could send your turn. Let's, Let's, let's do that. Absolutely. Now can I do a compel due on the dragon to make him get a an attack As a bonus action. You can do capel duel. The problem is all that does, it doesn't give him a free attack. It means that the dragon gets disadvantaged attacking anyone except you. Okay. You're like you and me are fighting the one on I'll one. Alright. Do it. I'll do It. Absolutely. You do a compelled duel. Let's see if he's affected by it. Do you insult the dragon while doing it? This dragon's very proud. Yeah. I just do this towards him.


Absolutely. 100%. He's gonna roll with disadvantage then. Yes. And he immediately falls under the compelled dual. He will have to attack you. Cool. And he doesn't necessarily get to do his breath weapon. I have to roll a D six to see if he gets to do a breath weapon or not on his next turn. But if he can, he's gonna be focusing that breath weapon on you. If he's clawing then and biting, he's gonna definitely do it against you. 'cause he has disadvantage against everyone else. Greg, amazing turn. Thank you. That's gonna bring us to norm's. Turn. Now Norm, what would You let, let's just finish him off. Let's Finish him off. If you're right next to this track, he's got we think 25 health left. Are you going reckless on this attack? Yes. Absolutely. Roll two times.


Oh boys take the higher. Let's go boys. The drums. Drums in the deep. All right, here we go. Five. Ooh. Oh, not a Hit. How Hole do I get? You get two on this attack. 16. 16 Plus your attack bonus is easily enough to hit for 1D 12 plus eight damage. Okay, so what on D 12? The D 12 plus eight. He's got 25 left Five. Five Plus eight is 13. Okay. With 13 he is down to 12. HP left all. If you hit hit him again, he's almost definitely Dead.


Yes. Let's hit him again. Absolutely. Let the birthday boy kill the dragon. You want to roll? Sure. Alright. Roll Birthday boy. Now hold on. Are you, is he rolling your attack? Yeah, this is highly unconventional. Wow. Unconventional. I'm going to allow this for the birthday boy. 100%. Five. Five Advantage. He has advantage if you're rolling for norm right now. 15. 15. 15. Now I'm gonna ask you right now, earli, since you're the one who has control over this attack, do you want it to be a hit or do you want that to turn into a miss instead? What do you think Zach? I think you'd take out the dragon, right? What you think PFT should we what?


What are the options here? Well you could either hit the dragon or you could miss the dragon. I think there might be some advantages to missing the dragon though. Yeah. There has to be some sort of hidden perk. True. Let's attack the dragon. Let's Go. Absolutely wouldn't. I feel like there was a weight between betrayal and like wanting to play golf. So I, I am very much liking the moral golf is Canceled. So I don't Golf is, I would've had to, I it's too late now. That is a hit. All you need to get on the D 12 to kill this dragon is a four or higher. So fucked up 10. Ten one hundred percent Is enough. The dragon is slain.


Congratulations. We're all alive. Unconscious. That's all good. Zach is unconscious. Would we then try to save Zach? He killed The dragon or fuck No, he he, he made him, he he didn't heal anybody. No. Everyone kind of selfish I guess. Yeah, Absolutely. The only person he did heal was himself. When a hundred percent no one's bringing train wind back at the end of the battle. So it sounds like four of us successfully defeated the dragon and are claiming the treasure and splitting it four ways. Is that right? Yeah. Yes. I'll also just say, and this is a moment of truth, Hank the MP in front of everyone turns to you, the MP that was on Norm's shoulder and goes, what are we doing?


And you have an option. You can either use this MP to betray everyone because as I told you, this MP is secretly on your side as your birthday gift. What? Or you can betray this MP in turn and save your teammates from the mp. No, these guys always have my back. They always have my best interests in mind. I'm gonna, I'm gonna save my teammates. Yeah. And the best part, ISMP, that's what they Would do for me. They would look out for me when I, when I needed it And ips do this to each other all the time and don't think I didn't have up my sleeve. The possibility of that's Im even after I told you for your birthday aside that this simp was gonna be on your team, the it might if you took its side have whispered bing bong into your ear, the train you potentially.


So you did the right move. Good move. You went with your teammates. Mps portray each other all the time. He goes, damnit, I should have known. And you use your MP to kill the enemy. Iph, let's Go. The Cobols are under our control. The dragon is slaying, the MP is dead. And the fire, the last fire snake SLS back into the lava. Congratulations. One the adventure, the dragon of Mount spear top. And I have to eat my words because we did accomplish the adventure and all those 274 Awls. I told I didn't, I didn't know if he would do it or not. And Just for the record, the Emph, the Bing bong amp, he's dead now. He's his wife is single. Ooh. Yes. Absolutely. Kind of a wellknown actress. Do I know where she is?


Where she lives? You could certainly try to find her. You do know where she lives. Okay, We'll do that later. But I think for the record, I think the important thing about today is we went out as a, as a foursome And we had a great time for about four hours. That's right. And then what else can you ask for, right? That's Right.


Alright, real quick before we end Rollback. Question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIPs Polos. Hoodies. Joggers, shorts.


Tim, you're the best. Where can people find you to sign up for a Game? Absolutely. If you go to tim woods.com, that's Tim with two m woods.com. That's where you can book games with me. Got my t-shirts on there and I will kind of be doing a little bit of a tour this summer where I'm gonna be next week in Columbus, Ohio for a convention. I'm gonna be in Orlando, shout out to my Orlando group who passes each other's and measures each other's dicks in game. Just to be clear. Also shout out to the Rock Hard Doom Raiders. I, I'm other big shout out. Honestly, shout out that shout out covers about six different groups right there. So you all can get credit for that 100%. So I'll be in Orlando for about a month and then beginning of August I'll be in Indianapolis for GenCon. So please, I'll be running games there if you're gonna be at GenCon or if you're not and want to go to Indianapolis, I'm gonna be at that convention.


So see you There All thank you so much Tim. We love you. Next time, Time. Absolutely. Okay, that was Dun and Dragons reminder. Wednesday we have a show, long show and the no show. Friday for the 4th of July. Numbers three. Three. Oh I was laughing. I was, that was Hank right? Yeah. God. 9, 9, 6. Yeah. Show Wednesday. Long show. Wednesday no show. Friday 11. You said. You said it so smooth. What did you say? Memes? I'm gonna go 21 'cause Shane's under. I'm taking his number. Alright, I'll go. It's all true. 52.


Say your numbers again real quick. 3, 3, 3. Three. Come on. What were you saying? 11 one time. 11. Come on. 11 snake guys. Come on. 3 83. I gonna three. Love you guys.