
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon My Take. We are back and we've got two great interviews for you. We got Brian Windhorst talking NBA playoffs. We, we obviously were gone for a few games. We got a lot to recap. We also have Lead singer of the All American Rejects who played a concert in our office on Thursday. Tyson Ritter. Awesome interview with him. They're doing a very cool thing this summer, doing like random popup shows.


Really cool guy talking about the music industry. We are going to recap everything that took place over the weekend. Nick's Pacers. We're gonna talk Wolves and Thunder with wind Horse. We have a Jordan of the week. We have a Monday reading we have who's back of the week. A lot to get to. We're excited to be back.


And the NBA finals are almost here. And every play could be the one that changes everything. This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and the action never lets up. And with DraftKings sports book and official sports betting partner, the NBA, you don't just watch the madness, you live it back. Your favorite team ride with your clutch time killer bet on the buzzer beaters, the breakout performances, the game winning threes from player props to same game parlays. This is how you take your fandom to the next level. Net new to the game. No sweat. Download the Draftking sportsbook app BET $5. And if your bet wins, you'll score $300 in bonus bets. It's that easy. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and wire at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Cinon Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bet must win to receive reward. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio. Okay, let's go. K. Football guy. Yeah, my, my Welcome to, Pardon My Take. Presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code take, that's code take for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets if you bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Tuesday, May 27th. And we're back boys. It's good to be back. Great to be back. Good To be back with the boys. What a, what a good weekend too. Great weekend. Great weekend. Lot of Sports. It's just good to see the boys. How was everyone's weekend? It was great. It was awesome. I quit golf. Nice. So That's huge. That's welcome. Yeah. No, it's, it feels good. Yeah. Hank you quit too On Mondays. Yeah. For He's, he's back this week. Max, how was your weekend? Great. I had a great weekend and I, and I'm, I'm bringing back golf. So you, you're quitting? I'm, I'm starting. Oh Wow. It's a one in, one out. Yep. Yep. Okay. Memes. How was your weekend? Because guess what, the real start to the show is? The New York Knicks might be back.


My, my weekend was great. I didn't didn't do much, but it was great. I'm working on getting jacked right now. Oh Hell yeah. Nice, nice. What about the Knicks being back? They're almost back. Almost back. They were back last night. Well, they were dead last night too. Yeah. They were Also, they were so dead. Tims was fired in the first half. So, so let's start with this because Nicks Pacers, I love this series so much. It is so chaotic. Both teams are basically hell bent on playing the most chaotic brand of basketball. Whether it be the Pacers doing the thing where three times these playoffs, they've been down seven points or more under a minute and won the game. Or the Knicks, who last night were the first team in the playoffs ever to, to have three victories where they were down 20 points in the game.


They did it twice against the Celtics. They did it against the Pacers. They just can't play normal basketball. And I absolutely Love it. It's been the entire playoffs for both these teams too. And also the Thunderhead that comeback where it was the b what the second biggest in NBA playoff history. That was when Ja got Hurt. Yeah. Yeah. It's just been the, it's been the year of the comeback. Yeah. Yeah. So this game though, I mean, Carl Anthony Towns, that's the guy. It was, I love him so much. He's so fun. And I know that he's, he's kind of captured the internet of, of being zesty. And there's always some people who feel like they're making from, I just, I love the fact that he's like a unique character. Yeah. He's totally different than it seems like all the other players.


And then last night in the fourth quarter, Jalen Brunson in Foul Trouble, Carl Anthony Towns like, you know what, I gotta do this. And he scored 20 points in the fourth quarter. And he was like, you know when, when Carl Anthony Towns is going to that next level where he realizes, oh yeah, I'm seven feet. I could just go to the rim and score on these guys. Yeah. He wa So he was also hitting threes. He Was, which was Great, but he had a couple Plays when he goes Yeah. Where He puts his head down and he just goes at people and he yams on a few folks yesterday. It Feels like the, the threes happen. He can get into that groove of threes after he reminds himself like, oh yeah, I can drive on these guys. He got like a big and one and it almost like unlocked something in his brain.


He's like, I'm Carl Anthony Towns. I'm big Pur. I, I think, think what he likes to do. He likes to hit a three. 'cause he just holds his hand up in the air for like 10 seconds afterwards. Oh yeah. He loves like a full spin around with his hand still up. He realizes occasionally that after he dunks on somebody, he can also celebrate. Yeah. After that. And then once he gets fired up, then it's like they, you don't know how to defend the guy in that situation. But with Tibs, Tibs was forced into playing his bench, which he didn't wanna do. No. But everybody got in foul trouble. So Tibs is like, okay, I have to do this. And it turns out that the bench was really, really good. At least defensively. Yeah. And it also is very funny 'cause he, he changed up the, the Knicks starting five was historically bad defensively.


And that was the storyline going to game three, you have to change something up. So they put Mitchell Robinson in the starting lineup. I like how he did it where he basically was like, Josh Hart, you're not starting, which Josh Hart said afterwards it was his decision. So instead Josh Hart would just sit for the first like four to five minutes of the, of each half and then play the rest of the half. Well, it's because they can't do Hacka Mitch. Yeah. Right. If he starts, if can't do Hacka Mitch when he starts. Yeah. And, and, but Josh Hart, he is, I mean he's the heart of the team. That's a very bad pun, but it's the truth. Like his rebounding and his grit. And Jalen Brunson was sitting on the bench for this comeback in the fourth quarter. And it was just, it felt like the Knicks had a moment.


I don't know what happened in that, in that halftime, you know, locker room speech, but their season was over. It was, they were gonna quit. It was over. They were gonna go outside and then they found something and it was Car. Anthony Townsend, Josh Hart in their bench and they're back. And I, I don't want, I mean obviously we have to see what happens with game four. But this series has played out with three games. The, the margin of the difference between these two teams is two points. So it's not like, it's not like the Knicks got blown out in the first two games, then they win game three. Like they are very much in this series. And to have that like resiliency and comeback was awesome. And they, they had all the jokes were being made on Nick's fans heads in the first half.


Yeah. I mean, these two teams are, are so similar in that if they're losing early, they're probably gonna win. Yeah. And so it makes for very, very entertaining fourth quarter Watching the fourth quarter yesterday, I actually had the very dumb thought in my head of the Pacers were down like four with about two 50 left. Hank's having a sneeze sneeze gam. And I thought in my head, I The Pacers aren't down enough. Yeah. Like, they're not, they they have to, when they're, when you're down four, you're playing possession by possession. They need to be down like 10 Yep. For them to win this game. So what was that stat that the Pacers have never won a playoff game on the Indy 500 afternoon? They've, so they've hosted four, they're own four, four Eastern conference final games on the same day as the Indy 500 in their own four.


Yeah. Tough. Yeah. Very tough. And shout out to Guy who won the Indy 500. Paolo Alex Palau. Great job. Palou. Yeah. Good. I'm, I'm happy for you. That seems like such a fun race to go to. That was, I wish that we'd stuck around for I was good. Just going two days in the snake pit. Yeah. I think I, I was good. Think I, I thought we had enough time There. I think I'd like to do one day in the snake pit during actual race day. I, I was good. I feel like I got my Indy 500 experience and I can't wait to hear your story from here. Yeah. Cars went fast. Yeah. I mean it really, it's, it's about being drunk around loud things. Yeah. I would like to do that. Yeah. No, going to NASCAR events is, is fun. Going to Indy five hundred's fun. I, but I was, I I think I'm Good. I think it's just that I would like to be drunk around as many people as possible who are also as drunk as I am.


That's, That's really what I'm at. Ddy 500, the lot was is the peak of drunk Did it is intense. Yeah. Yeah. But memes, congratulations on your Knicks coming back from the dead. Very happy for you. What are your, what are your thoughts on the comeback happening when Jalen Brunson was off the court? For some reason, the series, they're just playing better without him, but, mm. It's a team game. That's Weird. Did you say that the Knicks are better without Jalen Brunson? This Series. This series. That's that's literally what he said. This series. They have been playing better without him when he is Off the court. Mm. It's interesting. He did hit That, that layup though. He did. He he did hit the layup. I was, I was ready to you. Oh, you were, you were standing by. I had to tweet standing back and standing.


Had a tweet written out, ready to go. What would it, what would your tweets said if you had put it out? Are the Knicks better without Taylor Brunson? I think you gotta ask that Question. Do you still have to ask it? No, he's the closer he, The closer he did, he did kind of close the game. He is the closer. But it was, it was the Carl Anthony Townsend and, and, and shout out to Dominican Mother's Day. I liked that. I, he'd said that after, I mean, he obviously lost his mother tragically during CII also read an article of Carl Anthony Towns. It was written by a beat writer in Minneapolis. The day that he got traded the next day before he flew to New York, he had agreed to go to this beat writer's daughter's soccer game.


Yeah. And he went to the game in full Timberwolves gear after he had been traded and was like the, everyone was coming up to him being like, I'm so sorry. We like, but that was the type of guy, like, find me another superstar that's like, I just got traded from the only franchise had been on and I'm gonna stay an extra day because I'm gonna, I'm gonna stay with my commitment here to go see a like 10-year-old soccer game. Good dude. He is a good dude. And I'm very happy for him that he had this moment. He's the big perk. Yeah, I like that. Yeah. Yeah. So other things. Aaron Nesmith got hurt. That was bad. I feel like he's very important. That's not overstating it.


I wonder what his status gonna be. We'll, talk to Wendy about that. He's up in the air. Questionable, I think is what I Yeah. Gametime decision is what I saw. We also had big news that Tyrese Halliburton's dad has been reinstated by the league. Yeah. He would be at the game on Tuesday night in a suite. So he's not allowed to go court side, but he's gonna be in a suite and this could be a game changer. So if it goes poorly, I'm fully ready to flip on his dad. Yeah. I've been his, I've been the number one Halliburton father supporter of all time. And in this case, I feel like it could be very, very good for the Pacers. But if they get, if they get their ass kicked at home, I'm fully ready to just flip and be like, you gotta ban this guy again. Yeah.


No, I, I completely, I think It's like game to game. Yeah. Depending on what they do. The most recent time at home, either he's welcome and and they give him like a, a pre-game ceremony. Yeah. Or he's not allowed inside the arena at all. Yeah. He's cheering for his job. Yep. He, we, we should put out the graphic. He's cheering for his job. This is a John Halliburton legacy game. Yeah, absolutely. He, he needs to, speaking of legacy games, our, our friend Steven Cha had a legacy game. 'cause he went down to Indianapolis to watch Nexts. He said, I'm, I'm here for business. So I put it all on him. Memes. You said, I will suck you off. Quote to Stephen Cha. I was fine. Was that taken outta context? What was That was just guys being dudes.


It was Stephen Cha said, no smiles. All business is a game three. I'm here to save the season. And you just replied, I'll suck you off. Yeah. He saved the season. That, that's just a guy put himself for the team. He's for the team. I'm, I'll be for the team. Wait, did You say this before the game or after the game? After the Game. It was after the game. You didn't say if like that's just a, he he cash that in whenever he wants Was a statement. It was a reward for winning the game. Yeah. And if it goes to game four, it will double down. I I do think that anything you say within 30 minutes of a big win, that's like talking to a lawyer. Oh No, this was the next morning. Oh It was the next morning. The next morning said I'll suck. So you had, you had a night to go to bed thinking about stuck sucking Steven Cha off. He Got horny.


You had an overnight where you could have dreamed about sucking him off and you woke up in the morning and you chose sex. No, no, no. It was, it was, it was after the Game. Oh shit. You're right. It was, sorry. My bad. That's fine. It says pm I thought it was am. I think you get A little grace period. Like, like talking to a lawyer. Whatever you say to your, your husband or wife, you know, inadmissible in court. If you say it after a big win, you can't be persecuted for It. I got a question, memes. So everyone knows the schedule this week we're doing Tuesday. We're doing a show today that's coming out Tuesday. And then the next show will be Friday. So two shows this week. You have Tuesday night off. We live three hours away from Indianapolis.


Why don't you and Steven, she go to the game and you could suck 'em off there. I I I would love to. Why don't you? They Won PFT and I will buy you tickets, you and Steven Shea tickets two, the game, game four. Sure. But you have to suck 'em off. You have to suck 'em off If they win road Head on the way down. Alright. Alright. So you're in? Yeah, I'm in. What if he can't go? Are you gonna go? I, I can go by myself. Okay. There's another name go with Tom. Le Could go with Tom. Okay. So memes not on the wood. Are you gonna, are you gonna, are you gonna suck Tom off? Won't suck Tom off. Someone's gotta come here.


It'd probably be you if you win. Alright. So memes will be there. Suck. Alright. So should we, I mean, should we send, should we send like pug down there to video Of them? I think Chronicle. Yeah. I think we, I think the boys need to go to Indy. I mean I'm, I'm, I'm Down. I think the boys need to go to Indy. We should tell Jerry O'Connell to come. Yeah. Me, Jerry o Pug. Oh, what a trio. That would be. You want me to see if Tim stuck around town? Who? Tim. Tim Chal. May Oh, Oh, oh. Tim C. Tim C They're showing a lot of Timmy C He does look cool. Yeah, He looked pretty Cool. He looked like Pete Weber.


They are showing a lot of 'em. And you know what's not fair when a guy is that good looking where he tries to look ugly on purpose and he somehow gets hotter. Right. That's bullshit It. I also like My costume. My my culture is not your costume Tim. Yeah. I also was thinking about it 'cause they were showing a lot of him and I was like, this might be a little too much Timmy C And then I realized, you know what, I'm gonna have Timmy C's back. He's the only one who went like, where was Larry David? Where was Ben Stiller? Where was Spike Lee? So they have to show him. Where Was Turtle? Where was Turtle? Where's Jerry? Yeah, so Tim Shaima is the only one that, that gets credit here. And they might have to go iso cam on him. But that's because no other Knicks fans went. Wait, should we, should we try to get Turtle to go with 'em too?


We should try to get memes with Tim. Alma Might hit up Turtle to see if There's an extra ticket. Stephen Shaa memes and Tim Shama sitting on the wood. What a trio though? The Pussy patrol. Holy fuck. What Do you think? What do you think? Tickets for the wood cost? It's actually probably not. I mean it's, it's definitely expensive, but it's not, it's not like LA or New York. 20 k. Oh, that's okay. We're out on the wood. I love you memes. I don't love you that much. I I was just saying wouldn't sit on the wood. Are They actually considering The wood? No, that's, that's insane.


Hey, we will look up Gametime. I mean, yeah, no, I, listen, I I wouldn't pay 2020 K for a, a wood seat if the bowls were in this. I would not. That's so much money for one game. But like you, you could lose, you could lose the game. You on the wood. Yeah. Even if you, but if you win, That's true. But it's not even a clinching game. I would almost rather have somebody else go to it than me go to that game. Yeah. If it was my team. Right. Alright. Wait, take, start that because like You're part, you're part of the loss. If you're on the wood, We can find you. The get price isn't terrible. So we'll get, we'll get you in. All right, we'll, we'll, we'll schedule that whole thing. GT picks. Yeah. Gametime picks.


Alright. What else? So we're, we're watching the end of the Jerry Curse Who was curse on the wood. I mean no, we, we should bring that Up. Oh yeah. And he also got clowned by Charles Barkley on Friday night. He Did. He said you can't be a grown man wearing a jersey. Jerry can wear whatever he wants. Yeah's fine. He Looks good. I think Charles is just self-conscious. 'cause he, he can't pull off a jersey anymore. He can't fit in a jersey, but Jerry can. Yeah. No, Jerry looked good. Have You seen his wife Jerry? Yeah. Yeah. Supermodel really, really good looking. Follows us on Twitter. Jerry does Okay. Dmd her. Me too. Yeah. I think She's gonna podcast. Did she write, did she write you Back? Yeah. She was like, no funny business. I was like, I don't know what the funny business business would even be, but, But she's thinking about it.


Wink. Yeah. I I feel like she was hitting on me actually, now that I'm saying it out loud. You Know what I feel so strongly about not DMing her. I might just tell her like, here's my number so that we can text instead. That's a good idea. Like the DM thing is kind of weird. I'll be honest with you. Yeah, we should. I I I don't wanna be DMing another man's wife. We'll just talk about it. Yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah, that's a good idea. FaceTime only. Okay, so the, looks like the Thunder are gonna go up. Three one. The game on. What was that? I've lost track of all days. The game on Saturday. Timberwolves kicked the shit outta the Thunder, screwed up their point differential, which they were on a historic run. Beat 'em by 40. It was, which that should count as two wins.


It doesn't, but to beat the Thunder, how good the Thunder are that soundly was, that was impressive. They had to do it. They had to have a, a statement at home. And I, I thought that they might come out hot, but I did not think that they were gonna win by that many points. Yeah. They came out more physical and just took it to 'em. Alright, so we're, we're watching right now. We have nine seconds left. And the t Wolves are, sorry. Timberwolves. I shouldn't say T Wolves. People get mad. Let's talk hockey while we watch the end of this. Should we talk some hockey? Let's talk, Let's talk some puck. The Oilers, The Carolina Hurricanes have finally won an Eastern Conference final game. So congrats to them. 15 losses in a row in the Eastern Conference finals.


Crazy. Yeah, since 2006. Yeah. Insane stat. I thought they were dead in the water. But they win a game. They go back to Carolina. We got a little bit of a series. I'm at the point too, I don't know if you agree with this BFT, but when it comes to Aldi series, 'cause like I got no real rooting interest in any of this stuff. I'm just rooting For more. Okay. So I I'm not necessarily rooting For more. What I'm rooting for is for the Stanley Cup and the NBA finals to happen at the same time. Yeah. I, well, around the same time, I don't know how the schedules work out with like how they're set. Yeah. But I would just prefer to not have one series be over while the other sport is still going on. I'd agree. I I basically get to this point when I have nothing left.


No futures, no teams in it. I I'm basically rooting in all of the sports like Mario Kart, whoever's at the end. I'm just want them to get a lightning or a blue shell. And I want them to catch up and I want to go to game six or seven and I want more playoff. This feels like a gentleman sweep though. I don't think that the hurricanes are gonna come back. I think that the, the Panthers are a much, much, much better team. They've got a couple injuries though. Yep. I do realize that. But I feel like this is the very definition of Gentleman sweep. They get, they get game four and then game five is gonna be all Panthers. So we were talking About Jinxes peas baby. Can I throw a jinx, a potential jinx out there for the, alright, so the Thunder, oh, she's going to the free throw line again.


That was actually an intentional foul. Can I throw out a, a potential jinx for the Panthers hurricane series that I received 10 minutes after Puck Dropped today? Yes. Here was the, what I received, I received a text message. Hi Dan. If the Florida Panthers make the Stanley Cup finals, I'm inviting you Hank and PFT to come to a finals game. First row on the glass. VIP food drink included my treat. I know who this is. If you all can't come, you could send pf t's Mom, God damnit. She's asked about wherever I go nationally. God, nationally. Nationally. She's a good guy. Sorry about Celtics.


Not he wrote Knot. Is this Brooks kept Up? You are all miss though. Keep up the great work. Marlin's man. Oh, Marlin's man, what a twist. I love the knot in a text. It's Like, I could see the word knot there at the end of that sentence. It's A good knot. It's a good knot. Nationally. People are asking about your mom. Listen, I think that my mom would say, son, your your friend Marlon's man seems like a good guy. But tell him it's strict. It's strictly platonic. Yeah. So yeah. I I I, I'd agree with you. I think the, the Panthers will win that series. I Think it's, I think it's gonna be over in five. And the Oilers look awesome Real quick. Memes and, and just all New York fans. What is up with New York Knicks fans just saying Nicks in whatever, like four games in a row is gonna be at that point They're just proving they can count.


Yeah. Why, why not? I haven't heard anybody say like, I think it's gonna be Nixons in seven. It's either K Nicks in six. It's the rhyme scheme. It's, but it's not always Knicks in six. It's always six. I've heard people say Nixon five before. That's true. When it was two one against the, against the Celtics. I think they just say the numbers. Yeah. They just say whatever. Four. It's, it's pretty cocky. Yeah. I don't, I just don't, I yeah. I I don't think people want Think about a game seven by The way. Just pray. Yeah. I'm gonna, I'm gonna back Nick's fans in because there was a lot of clowning when they were down in half and like the street signs, which, you know, like, oh, you guys did street signs. Again, this goes back to my point a week ago.


You have to enjoy the ride. People just pull the plugs so quickly on enjoying the ride. That's like a, that's small town nonsense though. If you're in New York, if you're, you know, big, bad New York, But they haven't won anything in forever. But act like you've been there, but they haven't. I hate when people are like, act like you've been there. They have not been there. Not district conference Finalists. No. Have fun. Enjoy the ride. Yes. You don't know if it's gonna happen again. Yeah, I agree. Hank, for you, yes, you should always act like you've been there, but you never do. Also, this is what, like, You don't, you don't really act like it either. This is also, I feel like people get confused with, like, fans should celebrate however they want. The team didn't celebrate anything. It's stupid politicians that put up the street signs who like try to get in on the sports, whatever sports moments going on, vote 'em out.


That wasn't like, I, I doubt that the Nicks themselves put up those Signs. No. So it's, I feel like it's, you know, like if the, if the Nicks themselves were like jobs finished after beating the Celtics, then you could clown 'em. But they, I I didn't hear them say that. No, it's, it is the fans and the fans should enjoy themselves. Like if you're, even if you're in Raleigh tonight, you won one game in the Eastern Conference finals. Yeah. Go stay out till 2:00 AM at whatever local craft pub that you like to go to. Enjoy it. And I'm Not saying don't make the make, make the jokes. I mean, people are gonna make the jokes about the street signs. Hank, you made some jokes about the street signs. I'm sure it's fine to make the jokes, but I'm just saying like that's not, I I No, that's not The team. The fans. Yeah. The city. The city. But the city politicians always try to do that where they get involved.


New York, bad sports sound. That's a bad sports on a move. Also Fun. They're in this series. They are in the series. Yeah. People killed, people buried him pretty quickly, Way too quickly. It was halftime Way too quickly. They only down 13 and a half. Yeah. It's NBA Well in the second quarter it looked like it was gonna be over. And to make it 13 points at half was act. That was a major win for the Knicks. Yeah. We're playing a foul game by the way, in the, in the Thunder Timber bowls game. So the Oilers Oilers look awesome. And the Oilers, I believe would have home ice over the Panthers. Yeah. They look good. McDavid. He just looks different out there. What'd You guys think about the start time in that game?


Terrible. The NHL camp Two things happened this weekend that still baffle me. And this is like old man yelling clouds. The, the game three of the Western Conference final in the Stanley Cup playoffs starting at two o'clock central time. So three o'clock eastern on Sunday of Memorial Day weekend. The, like, that is the most grill time you could possibly have. I was grilling. Yeah, it was bad. It was bad. I forgot about the first period. Yeah. So that was terrible. And then also like a universal day of planes. Yeah. You have to do Something. Correct. And then the other one is, I don't understand how the MLB still can't figure it out. That like, Memorial Day happens to start summer every year and you haven't figured out a way to have wall to wall baseball Games.


Yeah, it is. It's weird. It's Crazy. It's very strange. Crazy to me. So yeah, those two, There were a lot of games today, but not every team. No. And it should be like, there should be games starting very early and it'd go all day and it should be all nationally broadcast. Like why, why wouldn't you do that? Yeah, I don't get it. Ted Williams day call. Ted Williams day. Yeah. Alright, so this game is gonna take forever to finish. I mean the, the Thunder gonna win, right? That means the the Thunder gonna Win. I think they're gonna win. They're now up three, they're up three, 3.5 seconds left. Ant at the line. The Thunder did an incredible job with Ant in the first, first half where Ant I think he attempted two shots in the first.


They just stop everything. He had a tough night. He also might not be super healthy. No, But He's had can't, he's had two of those injuries where he, he goes down and you're like, oh shit, the entire playoffs are ruined because it looks, it looks like an's injured and then he just comes back. But we can't, we, we make fun of LeBron when that happens. The difference is these are real injuries. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. These ones Are, these ones are a hundred percent legit. True. Everyone's got something this Time here. Well, he's got that Michael Jordan DNA in Them. Yeah. By the way, congrat. Oh, we, we, he does Did you guys see the I have two. I have two nominees for, all right. So The Thunder I have officially won.


No, I don't know. Oh no, no they Haven't. The ball went out of bounds. This is exciting podcasting. This is, this is the good stuff. Oh, we're gonna get a review too. We Are gonna actually recap the game with Wendy. So we will have some actual insight into this game. Mostly from Brian Windhorst, not from us. Definitely Not from Us. Not from us other than, yeah. Anthony Edwards. I, I think he should have played better. PFT thinks he's injured. Yep. That was our, that was our expert. I would, I would bet my credibility on And also SGA had having 40 points and, and it feels like JW has finally taken the next step where he's, oh, This guy that, that's a bad sports town.


Move right there. Yeah. Actually no good sports down. So Yeah, you gotta touch it. You gotta get all the way out there. Great sports town. Bless Hank sneezing. He sneezing. Hank have the sniffles. This is the allergies. Bless me. I got a little bit of the sniffles from gonna see ac DC with Josh Allen on Saturday. Mm. Josh Allen was there. Yeah. Nice. I was pumped. I knew he was in town. Okay, this game's gotta just end. Let's just talk about SGA being awesome. 40 points. He was very good. I mean he, it took him 30 shots and he did get, Hank is Just, alright. What do you Want me to do? I don't know. Oh, you have, oh, you have boogers on his face Now. Oh, gross. Stop, stop, stop. Oh no. Hank, lemme see. Oh, it's in your beard. It's in His beard.


It's in his beard. Look, Li like Bonnie Blue. This is The, this is an all time this game needs to end and it won't end. Hank's Hank's nose is coming on his own chin. Oh, Hank sing's gotta be the most embarrassing thing of all Time. It is. What is it? It's like, it's like one 80th of an orgasm or something, I think. Is that real Technically? Yeah, I think it is. Hell Yeah. Point three side. There should be more than that. Left. Should be way more than that. Left fixes in. Okay. Thunder win. 1 28, 1 26. We will talk about this game with Windhorse. Who one 80th of an orgasm in popular, but inaccurate comparison.


Accurate. Yes. I just saw the, I only read the first line of Things. What does that mean? Like two sperm come out? No, I don't know. You got you, you do a lot more sperm than that dude, I'd hope. Well, how many, how many do you push out in a normal run? Like, like a million Thousands and thousands and thousands. So it's like maybe 500 sperm come out. The Advanced Scout team. Yeah. Yeah. This series is over, over. Great fight by the timber Wolves. Yeah. Now you know what? Let's be the first report with the what? The three games to one statistics are in the NBA playoffs. I, because you're gonna get an earful of those. This was a great fight by the Timberwolves. I just, the Thunder are better. It's not, it's just kind of what it is.


And we're getting, did you guys see we're getting closer and closer to the, there was, I gotta find this. Someone pointed out that this would be the Paul George finals because he basically created both of these teams. We talked about it with SGAA little bit. There was a, a Reddit post that it was, hold on, I'm gonna find it. It was, what are you looking up? You're looking up how many sperm. We're doing some good podcasts. I got the numbers right here for conference finals. Oh, Teams. I thought you were doing Sperm. I can do sperm next. Okay. I got sperm. Okay. All right. We'll do, yeah, we we'll, Yeah, you do. My boys are fertile as fuck. I Love that. Okay. NBA conference finals team with a three to one lead wins the series 93.6% of the time.


And that would mean that the team comes back from a one to three deficit 6.4% of the time. It's only happened three times. Okay. But it has happened. I yeah, it has happened. This is from Metro's suffering. He said we may be headed to a finals where both teams were built on the back of trading away. Paul George, the Indiana Pacers traded Paul George to Oklahoma City for Ola Depot. And Saboni Saboni developed as a player and then they traded him for Tyrese, Halliburton The Thunder meanwhile traded Paul George for SGA and seven pick swaps, one of which turned into Jalen Williams. This is not super relevant, but is interesting to me at least. I agree. Yeah, I Think it's super Relevant. It's the Paul George Finals. I think that's the most relevant. So congrats Max.


Yeah. Podcast Paul. You Guys are about to get to the NBA finals. He, He basically was a team builder of two finals rosters. I'm, I'm currently researching sperm. I don't, I don't know what you're saying. What do we got? How many Are you just Googling cu How many, How many what? How many happen? How many sperm say what's up There? There's, there's no scientific evidence to support that, that erectile tissues from different part of your body operate in the same way. You're Talking about sneezing. I thought talking about s we're looking for how many, How many I Got it. How many sperm, how, How many different conversations are we having about sperm? Like We're having seven different conversations all once while Hank sneezes in our face. 150 million to 300 million.


We were doing sperm count. Paul George and, and down three, one. I was still on the, I was still on the sneeze sperm. Alright, so back to hockey. No, I'm just kidding. That was, that goes, that goes towards hockey talk. I Bet. That's all in the under Hockey Talk goes. That's all under hockey talk. So it, it looks like it varies wildly. Now I'm reading 80 million to 300 million sperm per Ejaculation. That's a, that's a lot. That's A lot. So every time that you don't get somebody pregnant, you're committing mass. Mass, mass, Mass. Murder and murder. Every, every time you sneeze, although it's inaccurate, you're, you're basically releasing millions of s spurs. Yeah. Damn. Okay.


You do you think this series is over? Which one? The Thunder, the Nick's Pacers is definitely still on. Oh, I didn't, I didn't know if we were still talking hockey. Oh, hockey. Yeah. Oilers. Oilers is over. Panthers is over. Yep. Nick's pacer's still On, still on this series. Thunder over. I would say it's over. Yeah. I, I still think that, I think the Wolves might get one more. I like, I I I want, I want this series to go on more. I think. I'm not rooting for it, but I just think the Thunder are really fucking good. I think Thunder. Yeah. You know what? I think it's gonna be Thunder at five. Yeah. Alright. So speaking of the Thunder, and again, we will talk a lot more about this game with, with Wendy, but I wanted to throw out, I have two potential takey that I saw this weekend that I wanted to throw out to you guys that we will, we will put in the Takey awards later this year.


The first was about SGAs, MVP. And did you guys see this take by Jay Williams? He blames cancel culture. Okay, go on. For Americans not winning MVPs because this is now, I think, what is it, it's like six years that an American born player, I think it goes all the way back to James Harden. I think it's maybe seven years. So Why cancel culture? Because our coaches are too afraid to coach the players hard and getting canceled. Okay. I like that. So It's not exactly cancel culture like I wanted when I saw the headline, like this might be the spiciest take I've ever seen. And then when he actually explained it, it wasn't as spicy as, so, so James Harden in 2017 or 2018 was the last time an American has won a MVP in the NBA.


That is cancel culture. Okay. I'm looking at the other players from the us So James Harden, Russell Westbrook, Steph Curry, they were pre cancel culture. I can listen. The fact is when Bobby Knight was choking guys Yep. We were winning MVPs every year. Yep. Back when? Back when the NBA was great. Yep. And now we got guys that are, they're afraid of getting sued. Yep. So they won't, they won't slam player. They won't throw players on the ground. They won't bench players. They won't cus him out in front of the team. When, when, when Rick Jeris was shitting in a towel, That's when the, we were great when the NBA was at its peak with American born players.


So I think I kind of agree with Jay Williams. Yeah. He said How, listen, do you think Carl Malone would win an an MVP in today's game? No, I don't. I don't think so. Yeah. Cancel culture. Cancel Culture. How he said. How much of this do you think is cancel culture? I hear a lot of coaches talk about they don't feel like they can coach young kids anymore. 'cause anything they say could get used against them. Cancel culture. Okay. I I respect the take. I do too. I think it's gonna be in, in the techies. I think it's, it's gotta be. I Like that one a lot. Yeah. And then the other one was, was a Peter. Wait, but where did SGA play College Ball? SSGA played in America. Yeah.


At Kentucky. Yes. He was that kind of, so actually the first Kentucky player I believe to win an N-B-A-M-V-P, which is kinda shocking. So that kind of goes against Jay Williams' take, but that's okay. That's okay. It doesn't have to be perfect. Yeah. It doesn't have to be perfect. Yeah. Can you Yeah. Find that fact. Check that for me. Max, was he the first ever who played at Kentucky to win an MVP? I think it might have been. They've had a lot of one one ones Also 'cause only like seven guys have won MVP. Yeah. The first player from the University of Kentucky to win MVP. Wow. Yeah. That's pretty crazy. I mean, they they are basketball. Yeah. Yeah.


Okay. So that was one. The other one was a tweet from a, a former colleague of ours, which I, it was kind of a Peter King homage. Dan Rappaport. Oh, I thought you were gonna say Michael Rappaport. Nope. Dan Rappaport weird guy, but nice guy. He will, Altos has another back surgery coming and I found out from Dan Rappaport's tweet. He, this is what he wrote another back surgery for Will Altos herniated discs. Multiple. So painful. He's 28 years old. No bueno. I don't, I I didn't think they would be reported this way, but that's how I, I I found out about It.


How many would've been Bueno? I think just 1, 1 1. Bueno. Yeah. It was herniated. Good news. It's just one, It was herniated disc period. Multiple period. So painful period. He's 28 years old. Period. No bueno. Period. It's good reporting. That is no bueno. It Does suck for Willie's Disease. I've, and, and this is, we're now, we're kinda loose right now with, with with what topics we're hitting. But I would say Will's altos, I'm pretty sure had a shot to go to Liv. And anytime you judge anyone who's like, can make life changing money, this is the kind of shit that I think about. Like, you should probably take it. Yeah. Also. Well, and also, like, you shouldn't judge someone who does take it.


The, the Liv guys. It sounds like they're gonna be, I don't know what the Liv's gonna do. Hank what are your boys up to in Saudi Arabia? 'cause it's, We'll see, I mean they might just stay loyal and, and stick around, but If they're not Something, it sounds like they're not gonna be able to pay the, the guaranteed monies that they were paying before. Yeah. But thankfully there's an agreement going on or framework of an outline of an agreement between Yeah. The framework is strong Between the PGA and la. So that'll probably be p be settled soon. By the way, my favorite recurring thing about Hank, and usually this happens off air, off camera, is when he plays three rounds of golf over the weekend and then he struggles to figure out how many holes there are in three rounds of golf. Even though he's a huge live die hard. He said he, he just, every time he says what's 36 plus 18?


Yeah. That's how many holes they play on the live tournament. You said that exact thing to us. The LIV is 54 and we've all and Roman numerals. Did you not know that till just now? No, he didn't. He didn't. That's cool. And we also had this conversation like two weeks ago. What the, about how many you playing three rounds and you trying to do the math on how many that is? Well I didn't know if I was counting the Monday round as a weekend round, whatever. 54. 54. Liv. Liv, That's, that also makes no sense. You just a, it had nothing to do with the Monday around you asked 36 months.


Nothing. Nothing. 36 plus 18. Alright. I have one lo one more basketball thing that I'm very excited about. I don't know if you guys saw this over the weekend, but we are officially in judging every single picture we see of Luca Doni. I've heard that he's skinny. I've heard he is already skinny. So There's one where he looks a little skinnier. It's like you, he Well, yeah, it's kind of yo-yos, like depending on the angles. Then there's also one where he took at, it looked like dinner or lunch and his plate was completely clean. People were judging that. I'm just excited for this journey. We're about to go on when it comes to every single picture we see of Luca DCI for the next three months.


Yeah. So apparently he's, he's back home and he's doing like a, a local diet and he's using like local people to get in shape. I can only assume that means just like vodka and cigarettes, which is way, way lower carb than like barbecue and beer, which is what I assume he was taking in all the time down in Texas. So when you see Eastern Europeans, they're usually in pretty good shape. Right, right. You don't see too many of them fat. No. So I, I choose to believe that Luca's gonna be in great shape when he comes back Next. He's gonna be in great shape. I, I agree with you. I think this is the year. This is the summer. What, what other sport? I I had some baseball things we could talk about. We should probably bring up our, our update on fuck the Rockies owners.


I have a couple sports related who's backs. Oh, okay. Okay. But I wanted, so was Rockies on there? No. So the Rockies are just an update. What what are those guys' names again? We fucking hate 'em. They're the worst. And fuck Nico Harrison, the Rockies are nine and 45. The Monfort brothers, The Monfort brothers, the Rockies are nine and 45. They're on pace to win 28 games. The Chicago White Sox last year broke the record for most losses in 162 game season with 121 losses. They won 41 games. The Rockies are on pace to win 28 games. At this exact point last year, the White Sox had 15 wins. So six more wins than the Rockies have right now.


That's crazy. And it's nuts. And it's gonna get so, so depressing looking at, at Coors Field in the late summer. Yep. Because there's a lot of cool shit to do in Colorado. Yeah. It's not like you have to go to the baseball game. That's the only game in town. It's gonna be, it's gonna be a sad state of affairs out there. Yeah. So it's it's the Monfort brothers. Fuck you guys. That's that's what we gotta keep saying. Yeah. Pieces of shit. Pieces of shit. Also. Max Phillies are back Cubs are Cubs are hot too. Yeah. Phils just been beaten up on shit teams. Oh, bullpen's a real, real, that counts real, real big problem. Cubs just mash every single game. And the Mets are back too.


They took two outta three against the Dodgers. Look At that and show he's gonna pitch to him. Yeah, he did. He did some BP through 97. That's pretty sick. Very sick. And O'Neill Cruz continues to Mash. Yeah. Well that, that home run he hit over the weekend. Yeah. I think it was the, was it the hardest, hardest Hit ball and the stack cast era? I think it and the second hardest was his. That's crazy. I'm pretty sure he just hits piss missiles when he, when he gets a hold of one, it goes out so fast. Alright, do, do you wanna do who's back? 'cause we have a bunch of stuff for it. Yeah. Should we hop into it? Yeah, let's do it. And then we'll get to Wendy and Tyson Ritter, which was a great interview. The all American rejects lead singer.


Alright. Who's back of the week is brought to you by our friends at truly, truly hard seltzer. It is time to get unruly this summer. Truly unruly Lemonade combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take Lemonade. Let loose 8% A BV 100% delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors, bump and blue Raz OG Original Lemonade. Punched up pineapple wild pink. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly. Find truly unruly lemonade at a store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com. I love the wild pink. That's my number one. That's my number one pick. Truly unruly. So go get your truly unruly lemonade a store near you, or visit truly hard seltzer.com.


Hank who's back the week. I have one that pf t's definitely gonna say. So I'll, I'll let him save it, but if he doesn't I'll No, you can say it. I'll mention it. Say it. You know what it is? No. You really? Yeah. What is it? Freebird Freebirds back. Yeah. Yeah. It is. We did it. We won a real tournament. Not like the All-Star game. No. Yeah. Oh two. Two times two. Oh wait, do you know what I'm talking about? The hockey? Yeah. No. Well, the hockey stop. USA hockey's back. Yeah. We won the I-H-F-F-I-H-H-F first time since 1933. Huge. Huge. They, they released a music video for Freebird. Oh. They, eight days ago. I did. I missed out on that.


Came listen Duty. He went to ac DC Give him Come Slack. The song came out in the seventies. I was Super focused, very focused on ac DC. He Went to ac DC Hank. I was excited and focused. Ah. Oh. So wait, they did a music video for it. That's kind of weird. I don't know how I feel about this. I like that. It's a good thing you said it because wait, So Lynyrd Skynyrd finally made a music video for it. Yeah. Okay. That's, I don't really like that one because I don't think that there's anybody in the band that played on that Song. Yeah. Right. That's, That's the problem. Yeah. It's like the old, the old question of like wind. Does a ship not become the same ship anymore if you just updates the different parts of it? Like this isn't, I don't know that this is still, you can't make a music video if you didn't play on that track.


Yeah. I don't know. I'm gonna have to, I mean, the song still rocks. So that's, there's already a great music video for Freebird and that's Jenny being high on cocaine. Thinking about jumping off that legend for gum true facts that in my mind is the actual music video for Freebird. Facts. Facts. But also, we won the hockey tournament, right? Yeah. Oh, real hockey tournament. Not an All star game. Wait, was this an exhibition? No. Oh, okay. Good. IIHF first time. We've won it since 1933. Suck our dicks. Everyone. The kids are all right. We fucking did it. Freebird We're the best. Freebird. I do love that Freebird just somehow decided to make a comeback in hockey form. Yeah. Wait, Hank, was that it? You said you had a bunch T School.


Oh yeah, he's awesome. What's his name? Tarek, whatever. Tarek. Tarek, yeah. Derrick with a TI feel like it's the first time in a while we've had two like ha Hoss pitchers going at the same time in MLB Schobel skis. But Scbu basically, I mean he, he had a complete game. Shutout two hitter. Yeah, he was awesome. Was First complete game. I believe so. 103 pitches, or no, sorry. It was like 94 pitches. Maybe his, The last pitch he threw a Hundred. 103. Yeah. I love him. He's the best. And the tigers are really fucking good. And I hate, I see it happening because he's, I think he's due to make a ton of money obviously.


'cause he's a Boris guy and like some of the national media is doing the whole like, oh, they should trade him now. They could get a lot for him. It's like, dude, they're, they're the best team in the al why would, why would you trade him? He's fucking awesome. Yeah. They might be the best team in baseball. So Yeah. He, and he's sick and I hopefully he stays in in Detroit. Yeah. He's got, they got, they're the best team in baseball right now, record wise. Good. Who's back? This was just a note I put in my phone. I should have brought this up earlier, but the, this was from Jones on the NBA. And I don't know if you guys knew this, but he said, for years I thought Kat's last name was Anthony Towns. Not that his first name was Carl Anthony. Mm.


Fun fact. I gotta say. Yeah, I think I, I, I think I probably thought that too. I just thought That his, he had one long first name. Carl Anthony Towns The big per Yeah. So his first name is Carl Anthony. Yeah. Yeah. I three name guys I just assume are the last names. Yeah. You just always assumed that That's such a, a better name than Carl Towns. Yeah. I think his dad was Carl Towns. Carl Anthony Towns. Yeah, He's Carl Anthony Towns. I like that. Yeah. It's way better. The big, oh yeah, that makes sense. I guess I've seen it written like that, but I always just, I don't know why I felt that. Even though it's, I've seen it written Carl Anthony Towns, but yeah, you gotta say, you gotta say the Anthony, they Also call him the Big Bodega.


I didn't realize that. Yeah. That's an awesome one. Awesome nickname. Big Bodega. Big pur. I've Heard, I've heard the Bodega Cat. That's good too. Alright, who's your, who's back? PFC? Well, Hank took one of mine with Freebird. So another one is, but you Weren't even gonna mention the song. Another one's I had USA hockey and then Freebird separately another One. It does blow my mind that they just made a music video for that. That's such a money grab. I can't even knock it on Lynyrd Skidder. Good job. Get your Money guys. My other who's back of the week is Anne Hathaway. I, I personally, I would never support a band doing money grabs like 60 years after. No, but I mean, I had a great time. So I'm sorry that I missed the, the music video coming out at the A CDC concert.


Yeah. So yeah, Anne Hathaway's back. Oh, Anne Hathaway's back. And if you look at the stats. A guy Riggs posted about this OG and Nobi ran into n Hathaway Courtside. He was jumping outta bounds to save a ball. Since that moment he's been, he's had 24.3 points per game. Six rebounds per game, one and a half steals per game. 45.2, three point percentage per game. And now Anne Hathaway is leaning into it. So she's like posting pictures of OG and Nobi on her Instagram. Ooh. All this stuff. Love is in the air. And she knows how to scout talent because the one other obscure ish athlete that she's developed a fixation for over her career was Danny Woodhead.


Oh. She's a massive Danny Woodhead fan. That's, and now she's moved on. I think OG and Enobi is, I don't wanna say he's the Danny Woodhead of the NBA, but he's a gritty guy. Yeah, he's a spark plug. I like this. So maybe memes. What if we got Anne Hathaway to go get to the game at Indie with you? That'd be cool. Fuck Yeah. We suck her off. Bet you would. You pervert My other, who's back of the week is ai. Mm. AI is s back. 'cause I think half the pod, not just Hank this time got got fooled with a fake man on the street video that's done using all ai. And we've reached the point where now we can't tell we, we officially can't.


Sometimes we should be able to tell, but now I feel like it's just, it's, we're we're Fucked. Yeah. When they do the human beings, it's, I, I can't, it, it's the, it's this, you know, the large snakes that have never been seen before that I'm like, oh, cool, that's ai. But yeah, this stuff where it's, it just looks as real as real could be. Yeah. I had an idea for an app that if anybody out there wants to make and gimme, 50% of you can do it. It's just an app that you can download onto your phone that screens out AI videos for you. So it just shows up on your phone. If you're on social media, it's like the actual video has a big line across the center that says this is ai click to accept. So you know that it's, you can opt into the AI if you want, could you?


But it warns you ahead of time. Could you have a filter being like, just don't tell me about AI porn. Yeah. AI porn's fine. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Like you'd want to just be like, Hey, yeah, some ai like, But this chick's probably really into you. Yeah. Right. Exactly. Yeah. Let let let that go. You can opt into that. Let That go through the filter. It's like clicking on incognito mode. You just go into like, don't tell me, don't tell me things that could possibly hurt my emotions Mode. Right, exactly. Okay. My who's back? I got a couple. Caitlyn Clark is back 'cause she's out for two weeks. Also credit to the WNBA fans. Did you guys see the clip of the foul? Yeah. That was very funny. They're getting, yeah. WNBA fans are getting up to speed quickly where they're just showing clips where they're like, how is this a foul?


And they just don't have the foul in the clip. They're rage for the, the, yeah. The cutoff of the video was where the illegal screen happened. So you didn't see the other woman. It just looked like it was a phantom push off and people got so mad about it. Also, the saddest part. I mean, it, she only out for two weeks, so she'll be back. But the saddest Kaitlyn Clark story this weekend was, I don't know how it was possible, but I saw another Ryan Clark like, apology to RG three on like Saturday. It, it looks like it was, it was new. It's like, how is this guy still talking about it? He's doing videos of it now. Yeah. Yeah. So weird. Like, we've all moved on. Dude, Ryan Clark Gets in his emotions and he makes videos where he looks like he's gonna cry and he's thinking about something deeply.


It looks like he's at his therapist. Do you know what it is too? It it's, and, and I think the Pivot podcast is successful, but it's the way they tape it. Everything seems like a E 60. Yeah. Where they, they have the multiple closeup angles where they'll, they'll be closeup head on with Ryan Clark, and then they'll cut to Ryan Clark's side profile closeup, like, holy shit. He must be talking about something serious. It, it could, could it potentially be innocuous foul in game two of the WNBA season? Yeah, that's exactly what he said. What Is that Hank? 24 frames per second. Yeah. What's going on with that? Because I feel like it's 24 frames. That's the one that makes it look like cinematic. Explain that to us Hank, what's going on with that film school?


24 frames per second. Okay. Nice. That the field. So if I'm, and how, how many, how many holes does Liv play? 36 plus 18. Very good. Which is Live, Right? LIV And who's in the Four ACEs? Four ACEs are, fuck Dustin Johnson. Harold Varner. Patrick Reed. And it's not Peter Uline. It is, are You in severance In this podcast studio? I had PTSD with the four. He says, ah, fuck. You Also still haven't answered the amount of holes. No, he did. He did. He Knows that one. He, he, he slowly got to it.


He said Liv, but That's, He Said he's doing the Roman maneuver. He knows what it speaking Roman. He doesn't know what Liv means. He's a man of Troy. Gimme a minute. Keep talking. I'll I will remember his name. I won't. No, you won't. I'll look it up. Won. Yes, I will. I promise you I will. Max, was it 20? Is it 24 frames? Is that what they're doing? Sure. Okay. I think that's what it, it's Ryan Clark's got a, a button that he hits, like get emotional and he then he starts talking about like being a man. Yeah. And what I've discovered is that it's actually sometimes to be a man, it means that you need to apologize and that doesn't make you less of a man. But when you do apologize, you become more of a man and you learn that afterwards. Yeah. That's what you learn becoming a man. And then he he buttons up his polo.


Yeah. Which makes it way more Serious as a man. I just feel like sometimes you need to be a man. Yeah. And sometimes being a man means that you have to be man enough to apologize about being a man. Yeah. How many frames do you think we do this podcast Then? Who the fuck knows? 60? Yeah. As a man, sometimes you gotta realize when you weren't being a man. Yeah. And then you gotta tell yourself, Hey, be more of a Man. But man to next time. But man to man, it takes growing up and becoming a man to realize that man to man, you needed to be a man As a man. I'd, I'd like to personally apologize to RG three, who's also a man who is married to a woman who I disrespected, which is not what a man should do. So I'm apologizing to a man About, I would never apologize to a woman about What I said about that man's wife.


I crossed the line. Because you don't do that to another man. Hank, do you have the answer? Nope. No, nope, Nope, nope, nope, nope. Alright. My other, who's back is lacrosse Cornell. Ever heard of it? They won the lacrosse national championship, which didn't really care. Usually watch it watched a couple quarters. But the big story is CJ Cursed, R one one, pick for the water dogs just completed probably the greatest career in college lacrosse history. So he, his freshman year, they lost to Maryland in the championship game. He avenged that loss. He had, he scored six goals in the national championship game, which tied a record for the national championship game.


He scored 82 goals this season, which ties a record. 82 goals in 19 games. And then he also has the most goals in a college career. 247. That's our water dog. That's our water dog. Oh, pumps. I, that's why he was at the top for a big board this year. Yep. One when they called, when they called us, they said, who, what do you have? What intel do you have? And I said, this guy, cj. CJ cursed. CJ cursed. I Said, this guy, CJ cursed number one, CJ cursed no matter what. Yep. Is what I wrote down on a napkin. Yep. He's also, I think, I think he's one of five brothers who all are sick of the cross. Love that. Yeah. So he's got good lineage. Hank, I I, I don't think I'm gonna get it The fourth ace. What if I gave You, give us the fourth ace I Would get.


Gimme a clue. I'll get it. He plays golf. Tallness Peters. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. That's All it took. Why didn't you? I don't know. I see you to say he plays golf. I just said I needed To get a clue. Yeah, It was, I knew it was up there. I knew it was a golfer. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's get who, who is it for real? Do we even Know Thomas Peters? It is. Yeah. For real. Yeah. That's a guy. Yeah. Oh, I thought we were still from, I Knew it was the, I knew it was like two first names or something. You know where he was from? No. Ireland. Belgium. Belgium. I knew he was foreign. Belgium. Thomas's pretty good. Peters pretty. Yeah. Oh, he sounds like you know his career very well.


Rapid Fire. Well he is an ace. Yeah, He's an ace. You don't get to be an ace just by happenstance. You gotta sign up and get like hundreds of millions of dollars and then you become an ace. So don't, it wasn't part of the deal that the Liv guys got equity in their teams. I Believe So. So they became like owners of the team. Yeah. What happens if Liv Golf just, if the merger that they've got the framework in place for goes that, that's probably what the stumbling blocks are right now. Yeah. Like how do we pay these guys out from the PGA? What? Hank? No. It's just like, maybe they're just like, this team might not be worth that much. So why? Why should we? It's probably worth a lot. What? Imagine if you bought the four Hayes.


That'd be cool. That'd be so Cool. I mean, if they go, if they do some sort of fire sale, you guys Could probably buy that After the framework. You could buy a golf team that doesn't exist anymore. I would never buy your team. That'd be fucked up. Never buy as a man. You don't buy another man's team. I'm also kind of, you know, ripper gc. But What Rippa You change. You change, Can't I? I'm Camp Smith. Man. You can't change. Wait, you're a ripper GC guy. Why aren't we smash guys Anyway, Brooks. I'm a smash guy. I'm A SMASH guy. Those are my three teams. How many teams are there? Like six. You Root for half the league. There's the mystics. You just dunno How the mystics, that's A-W-N-B-A team. There is the mystics. Yeah.


Rippa Smash. 13 teams. Wow. I did not know Fireballs. There's that many teams. Torque, Torque, Torque. Okay. All right. So the C cliques, the ACEs. The Crushes. The crushers. Forgot about the crushers. The fireballs. The high flyers. That's Phil. The Iron Heads the Legion Legion 13. That's wrong. Yeah. Majestics, What did you call 'em? Hank The mystics wrong. The Range Goats. What all the Majestics? Yeah. The Ripper gc Ripoff Smash. That's our guys Smash.


We got Gooch Stinger. I don't think so. Torque. These just sounds like really bad apps. Hank It. It just said that we had Gooch on the, on the Torque starting four. Wild Card. These are starting four. These sound, these sound like someone would be pitching you after watching Josh Allen win the mvp. Being like, Hey, I got this new app, it's called the Range Goats. And I'd say, yeah, I'm a hundred Percent And we we're taking golf to the next level. Is It louder? It's so loud. Yeah. I'm in. So Torque. Okay, let's get to our interview with Brian Windhorst. We're gonna talk some more ball the Thunder Timberwolves, where he sees the rest of the conference finals.


And then we have a great interview with the lead singer of the All American rejects Tyson Ritter.


Before we get to Brian Windhorst talking some NBA playoffs. Gametime Football is back. The 2025 NFL schedule is out. And the only place you should be getting your tickets is Gametime, the official ticketing partner. Barstool Sports. We're already planning our fall schedule and circling the games we want to go to with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NFL tickets. Gametime makes scoring NFL tickets faster and easier. They have exclusive discounts and you can find seats for as low as a hundred dollars. The Gametime guarantee means you can trust, you'll get a hundred percent authentic NFL tickets on time and for the best price. Plus fees are always included. So what you see is what you'll pay. We're looking at tickets for Bears Vikings at Soldier Field. Monday Night Football. The kickoff to end week one. Hank, what do we got? Soldier Field Big Cat will be six outta 10 excited for this game. And you can get in the building for $293. Okay, Ben Johnson's debut. JJ McCarthy's debut. So what are you waiting for? Go buy those tickets now. Take the guesswork out of buying NFL tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account and use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Hey dude, listen. Hey dude, have you tried? Hey dude shoes. Yet they're unlike anything. The Wally Stretch socks are the ultimate slip-on shoe, lightweight, breathable, and ridiculously comfortable. We're talking cushioned insoles that feel like little pillows under your feet. Hey, dudes are the perfect shoes to slip into every day. And they're the perfect shoe for the summertime. They are. 'cause yeah, I I have a pair right next to my door. Slip 'em on every morning to walk Stella. They're great beach shoes, great pool shoes, great backyard barbecue shoes. Great. After you take off your golf shoes, shoes, they're super, super comfortable. You slip 'em on, you feel like you're floating around. And I don't even wear socks with them. So they're great in the summer. Yeah, great. In the summer, if you're, if you're maybe not a flip-flop guy, you're a hey dude guy, that's me. So find your pair@heydude.com. They got great, they got a ton of different variety, different shoes for you. I'm telling you, Big Cat guarantee you will love your hey dude shoes, especially summertime. They're the perfect. How about the bleachers? I'm fully converted. I'm, I'm a Hey Dude. Yeah, you're wearing 'em right now. Yeah. Yeah. So go right now. Find your pair@heydude.com and you will not be disappointed. Big Cat and Hank guarantee.


Okay, here he is. Brian Windhorst. Okay, we now welcome on our very, very good friend and very, very, very special guest. Brian Windhorst. He is reporting live from Minnesota. Wendy, we wanna talk about this game, but we have to start with saying something. I I have to apologize to you real quick. I, us as a show, we're big believers in fan bases enjoying the ride. If you, if you don't enjoy the ride, what's the point in watching sports? If you can only celebrate when you clinch the, you know, championship. That's so stupid. You gotta enjoy the ride. So we defended Nick's fans after they beat the Celtics.


We recorded it and then the next day we, we had video of people harassing you. We disavow those Knicks fans. We stand up for our guy Wi those were Nick fans. Those were not Knicks fans. Those were hooligans. Okay. You know, those were not, those were not Knicks fans. Knicks fans were not a block away from the garden at 1230 in the morning. Okay. Nicks fans were off celebrating with themselves. Okay. I thought you handled it well. I did. For what it's worth. You handled it great. I think you Would've fucked him up. Well, the truth is that there is other footage that apparently is not going to become unearthed. That where there was some hands put on, not by me. Hands were put on me. Nothing, nothing serious happened.


Like people put their hands on me and I had to shove their hands off. And I basically jaywalked across 35th Street to, to get away. I mean, I was never like in serious danger, but like, you know, it was not a pleasant experience at 1235 in the morning. Yeah. So Leave Wendy alone. But those, those were not Knick's fans. Okay. And those people were not the same people that I saw like two hours earlier enjoying one of the great moments of the garden in most of their lives. Yes. Yeah. Yes. So I don't equate the two things. Okay. I like That. Let's not let, let's not let that one ugly incident turn us away from the city of New York enjoying a little bit of success. Right, Right.


Agreed. Absolutely. Yes. And, and, And we stand with Wendy. If, if you need ever need us to fuck someone up, we'll call someone else to do it. It's really appreciate. I wanna say ES ESPN security has taken beautiful care of me and all of our people. And I am, I am in the hands of ES ESPN security and I am not. I am, I'm all good. Thank you for your concern. Okay. All right, great. So let's talk about the game you were at tonight. The Thunder. Take a three one lead. We think this series might be over the Thunder. It was, you know, two nights ago, the Wolves did what most teams do in the game three setting after being down two. Oh coming home. They, they, they had some pride. They killed the Thunder. Tonight was a very competitive game.


I wanna start with the end though. And, and maybe you can explain this to us. The fan who caught the ball, did that screw up the timing on the last possession at all? Yes. So what happened? Yes. So, technically, as far as I know, I hope I got it right. The clock is gonna stop when the ball technically hits the ground. When the ball goes outta bounds, that's when the ball is outta bounds. It's not out of bounds. When it crosses the end line, it's out bounds. When it touches the ground or touches something, somebody touching the ground. If a player obviously catches it and is outta bounds or you throw it off a guy's foot or whatever, that's when it's dead.


And it, the clock will go dead. When the referee blows the whistle, it's, it's a computerized thing. There's a connection. The clock stops when the whistle blows. So the guy catches it, the ball goes dead. And with like, I don't know, 6, 5, 6 tenths left. But had the guy not caught it, the ball would've hit the ground and the game would've been over. Oh. So I don't think there's any controversy there, But, But Why, why split the difference like he did. He was standing there and he did catch it. Right. But I think the official blew the whistle.


You know, I can't speak for exactly why, but if the official doesn't blow the whistle until the ball hits the ground, the horn goes off. 'cause we're talking about half second. Got it. So, Got it. I mean, 0.5 seconds. They're probably not gonna make a, anyways, I put This, yeah, if you're a, if you're a Wolves fan and you're like upset that you didn't get the extra three-tenths of a second because a fan caught the ball when it shouldn't have been caught, it should have been deemed to have hit the ground. I don't know what to say. I don't, we can't really have a intellectual conversation. Yeah. You know, they, they, they were fortunate that they were given three tenths. I think that was a, a good compromise by the officials. So yeah, so on the court, the, the Wolves had a great night shooting and somehow it, it still wasn't enough to overcome the Thunder.


I saw one stat that said the teams that have that I, I forget what the threshold was for three point percentage of field goal percentage, but the bottom line is teams that shot at that level, I believe were 55 and oh going into this game in the playoffs. And now this is the one loss. So what did the Thunder do that was so good that took away all the advantage that the Wolves should have had They scored? You know, this wasn't, this wasn't a game where the Thunder won it with their defense. They won it with their offense. I mean, so the, the the fourth, the fourth quarter box score of this game is pretty impressive. First off, the Wolves scored 41 points in the fourth quarter of this game. Shot 50% or over 50%. I don't have it right in front of me right now, actually I can get it right now.


Hold on. The Wolves in the fourth quarter went 14 of 28. That's 50% where I come from. They made six outta 13 threes. They out rebounded the Thunder. They committed fewer turnovers or the same turnovers than the Thunder, but gave up fewer points off, off turnovers. Like I know that there's gonna be a, and probably even on my network, there's probably going to be a cycle here where Ann Edwards gets blamed because he didn't score 40 himself. The wolf scored 41 points in the fourth quarter. And because, you know, Dante di Vincenzo and Nik Alexander Walker had awesome performances.


The loss of the game or the win of, I prefer to say the way, the reason the Thunder won the game was because Shea had 40, Jalen Williams had like 34 and she had over 20. And she, Holmgren makes one of the great plays of his young career time place, you know, on the block shot late in the fourth quarter where he is totally beaten on the spin move by, I think it was Alexander Walker, he's, or no it was Jayden McDaniels. He's totally beaten on that play. It's 99% of the way into the basket. And he recovers 'cause he's seven foot one and makes a totally clean block to basically, you know, pivot off of the, you know, you know, give them leverage.


I mean, this was a game that the funder took and won very impressively. It was not a game, in my opinion that the Wolves lost. But I know that that's not necessarily gonna be the prevailing opinion because the Thunder for whatever reason, kind of get a little bit disrespected. And I would just encourage everyone who feels that way to reevaluate after the Denver series and after this game and this performance in this series. I would reevaluate That. Yeah. And it, it does feel like the Thunder have been teetering on this monster that can't be stopped. And when you have Jalen Williams and Chet seemingly take this next step, it's like, how do you, how do you, how do you deal with this team?


'cause you're right. Like it wasn't, they're usually suffocating on defense. And the one thing you could say about the Thunder, and maybe I'm wrong, but you could back me up here, if like their offense can go in lulls and that's where they can be beat. And tonight it was like their offense was fantastic and it didn't have to be, even though Shea scored 40 points, it didn't have to just be him. Exactly. And like, so to me, And we will see how this plays out, I I don't know how the, how the, you know, I'm not under I, I've been around too long to give anybody anything. Well see how this series plays out and then there's a whole nother series. But it is very possible that the NBA title will come down to the fourth quarter of game five that they played against Denver.


Now, to refresh your memory, I believe the nuggets were up nine points. Okay? They are in Oklahoma City, but still they're up nine points. They have Yoic, they have Jamal Murray, they have Aaron Gordon. This is before he, you know, gets hurt and they come back and win that game. And in that game there was, you know, Shea was really good, but Jalen Williams hit a three from the corner, huge clutch shot that basically gave them the difference making play. So they win that game, then they win a game seven, which again, I understand Gordon was hurt, et cetera, but still this team hadn't done this before. Win a game seven, then they come in here on a night where, you know, I thought Minnesota put forth a really good effort.


Maybe it wasn't an an A but it was a a minus, you know, pretty damn good performance. And they win in this game extremely impressively as a team. I mean, they are taking the steps that you wanna see. And as you said, Kat Shaa is, Shaa is like 26. Jalen Williams is the third season Chet, this is his technically his third season, but he's only played two seasons. 'cause he missed his whole, you know, rookie year. I mean, what are you supposed to take from that? What you're supposed to take is that, you know, the the supporting cast around them may change 'cause of the Second Apron rules and they'll draft other guys or whatever.


They may not be able to afford to keep all these role players. But I could see these three guys, us talking about these three guys in playoff games like this for the rest of the decade. Well We, here's one that you can, you could throw out there on the Hoop Collective or when you're on Get up. We, we threw this out there last week. There's a chance if the Thunder win the title this year, this is the worst Thunder team to win a title. 'cause they're gonna probably win like four or five. Yeah. And they've got so many good draft assets. They still have most of the stuff that they traded Paul George for. Yeah. Yeah. But but think about that. Take though for a second because I feel like that could revolutionize sports media by the way, if you already overrate a championship that hasn't even happened yet.


Yeah. This is the worst Thunder team we'll ever see to win a title. Do you real well, do you realize that the Thunder have had an unlucky month? Because I was fascinated by this. I I talked to Sam Presti who was in the room and he, he, he like made it sound like it was no big deal, but I, I kind of don't believe him. So I wanna take you into the lottery room. Okay. So the, there's four numbers drawn. Okay? 1, 2, 3 of four in that order. All right. So the 76 ERs have the fifth best odds. Okay? And if they're pick goes to seven or higher, the Thunder get it.


All right. So that means if two teams move past the Sixers, they lose their pick and the Thunder. Get it. All right. First number up Dallas Mavericks hot dam. Cooper Flag's gonna be a maverick. That's one team from behind Philly moves in front. Now all of a sudden, Philly's sitting there one minute into the draft lottery with the sixth pick. Okay, next, drawing San Antonio Spurs also behind the Sixers boop, the Sixers have the seventh pick. That means that the Oklahoma City Thunder, who by the way also have the 15th pick in this draft. Now, you know, you're not necessarily gonna get an all-star with a 15th pick, but you know, you get some good players with the 15th pick, okay?


For, I don't know how long it takes 'em to reload the lottery balls and then redo it. But let's say it's 90 seconds to two minutes, three minutes. The Thunder had the seventh pick in this draft. And then, and only then Philly's number comes up third. So they get the three. That was the only chance they had. If, if they had stayed, if they had hadn't gotten the third or the fourth, they were losing their pick. But the, but the Thunder actually had it. Now we didn't, the world didn't see it that way because it happened before we were watching. But Sam Presty is sitting in that room going, oh my God, I just got, I just got the seventh pick. I got the best team with the best record in the league and I'm about to wake up with the seventh and 15th picks in this draft draft. So I just wanna point that out while I agree with what you guys are saying, that this team's got a lot more, you know, stuff that they can do to improve this roster going forward as well.


Yeah. Yeah. So let me ask you this, have you purchased hotel room blocks in both New York and Indianapolis? Yes. Not purchased by the way reserved. God did I, did I get a huge amount of reaction from that? Yeah. So it's an ode to the power of your podcast is more than anything. Lemme just make something real clear. When you make a reservation, you don't pay, you don't pay upfront. You can make hotel, you know, knock on wood, they don't change this rule. You just make the reservation, you gotta give 'em a credit card. They don't take any money. I mean, I realize that's the case like in Vegas, but you know, at Oklahoma City and in Indianapolis, they're not, you know, by the way, it was an issue for, if I had been covering the Eastern Conference finals, you would've had to prepay for, you know, Indy 500 weekend.


That would've been one. But you don't have to prepay. I saw people saying, would you spend like $30,000? No, I spend $0. ESPN spend $0. Yes. I have three different hotels in New York. I don't know which way. I don't where I'm, when I wanna stay. Maybe I wanna stay in Midtown, maybe I wanna stay in downtown. Maybe I wanna stay by the park. I don't know. We'll see. We'll see what the weather's like. So If you're looking to get a hotel room in, in New York City in the next couple weeks and you can't find the good ones. 'cause Windy has 'em all. Yeah, You've Collected 'em all. That's, I've got a selection of hotel. You know what was sad though, like, not sad, but it was just, I had nine different hotel reservations in Boston, In Cleveland. You know, I thought the Celtic and Cleveland.


Yeah. I had even more in Boston and I had to cancel 'em all. It was like bam, bam, bam, bam, bam. I had like nine. I had to cancel. 'cause I, I thought that, I, I thought the Celtics were gonna make it clearly, clearly the, the hotel reservation game. And by the way, I had none when I did that pod with you guys. I had none in Indianapolis. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, so I, I wanna talk about the Eastern Conference funnel, but I have one last question about the West. So the w the Timberwolves, obviously Anthony Edwards gotta play better. Is he hurt by the way? I don't think so. Okay. We had, we, we landed on, we split the, we split the difference pf t's going with hurt. I said he's just gotta play better. So we figure One of us do. Right. Well, all I can tell you is he didn't get any treatment after the game either the last two nights.


And when I came out to do Scott Van Pel, he was dressed in talking with people outside the locker room. I, I had gone to the Thunder press conferences to hear Shea and I missed him. He was not getting any post-game long-term treatment, you know, long treatment on anything. So I'll I'm sure everybody's got bumps and bruises at this point. Yeah. But, you know, okay. Nothing that, that, that would be clear. Like what he was soaking a knee or an ankle or anything like that. Right. So he's gotta play better. Julius Randall has had a great Playoffs, has had a tough series at times. Yeah. What what do the Timberwolves do though if they lose this series where it's like, hey, they've gone to the Western conference final two years in a row.


Anthony Edwards looks like a up and coming superstar. Is there a, is there a drastic change or are they, hey we, they already made the drastic change 'cause they already traded Kat for, for you know, Julius Randal. Well, I don't think they can keep this team together. The core, the big piece is they can, but, so Julius Randall's a free agent, Alexander Walker. Nik Alexander Walker is a free agent. And Nas Reed is a free agent. He has an opt out, which I'm sure he is gonna take. And an's contract is, you know, very large Rudy Gold Bears contract is way up there. So they have new owners coming on. Mark Lori and Alex Rodriguez.


They have gotten a whole bunch of minority owners that can, you know, they've, they've demonstrated the NBA that they've got a whole bunch of money to operate the team. But I would be surprised if they were able to resign all three guys. I suppose they could trade another player off to, to, to keep it. But I would, maybe they can, I mean, I don't know. But I would be kind of surprised if they could afford all three. What they did last year when they traded Carl Towns, they saved money and then they had Rudy Gobert opt out of his contract and, and sign a new deal. And the headline was, Rudy Gobert gets a hundred million dollars. And I know that there was cer there were some people that felt a certain way about that.


They were like, wait a minute, you traded Carl Towns to save money, then you gave Rudy Gobert a hundred million, what are you doing? But Gobert actually took a pay cut. He, he opted out of the rest of his contract, took his average salary down and then added years to the end. And the reason that they did both of those deals was so that they could afford to keep Julius Randall and, and Nas Reed. They may not be able to afford to keep Alexander Walker. So the stuff are gonna have a good team. And, and they also, they traded for Rob Dillingham last year, you know, jumped up in the lottery to do that trade. And then you've seen Terrence Shannon Jr. It's been great the last two games. Those are their first round picks this year. So part of what they, what they did, 'cause they are a smart organization, they drafted those two young guys to develop up to, to, to develop around Anthony Edwards.


But there is possible that, that all of this core is not gonna be back next year. Yeah. Okay. So on the Thunder side of things and, and think carefully before you answer this. On a scale of one to 10, how much do you enjoy watching SGA play basketball? It's a great question. Good question. Thanks. Because, because you're asking, asking 'cause of the fouls, right? That's what you were asking. Oh, I mean, anywhere you want to go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You, you you direct us. Yeah. I don't like, I don't love watching free throws. But here's the thing about him. And this, this happened tonight with the, with the, when he threw the ball in between, I don't remember whose legs it was.


A lot of times you see him go down not every time, just to be clear, not every time. A lot of times you see him go down, you're like, wow, that was, he might've exaggerated that context. And then you look at the replay and he did get hit. And there's also a lot of times where he gets hit and it doesn't get called because he's constantly driving. If he didn't lead the league in drives, he was top two. But I think he led the league in drives. He definitely led the league in free throws average three free throws per game. And so, and kinda like that, that ball between the lakes tonight, like it looked for sure, like it was a travel. People are screaming in the arena that it was a travel and then you look at the replay and it wasn't, it was just a great play.


So I get that it is not, quote unquote, always the most entertaining product to watch a guy hunt mid-range shots and go to the floor. He's his body type, despite him being very strong, his body type, when he goes down, it doesn't always look like he got hammered. But he's actually kind of brilliant at it. And I was talking to a, to a scout this week and, and he, what he was saying is he's like, look, I'm watching this Pacer's, Nick series and I'm seeing hand-to-hand combat on Jalen Brunson hand-to-hand combat on the interior there. And I'm, then I watch the Western finals and I see Shea getting regular season fouls.


In other words, what you would see, you know, a hand check or something that you would see in February or all of a sudden seen in May. And you're like, I don't know about that. And I guess I would understand that, that, you know, you're used to some physicality and it doesn't look like there's a lot of physicality that happens when he gets fouled. But I gotta tell you, when you rev, when you actually review the plays and you review everything, he is getting fouled. And no, I don't love it, but I also respect it. 'cause I respect the mastery that he's got. Yeah. I mean, the thing is, I, I find myself realizing that I do love watching him play until he does that bullshit. And then, then I get over mad and I lose sight of what a great player he is.


But when he, This I think you're in the, you're in the, you're in the majority by the way. I I thought one of the most interesting parts of this series, I don't know if you guys heard because we haven't talked about it on ESPN, but Shay and and Nikhil are cousins. Oh Really? Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. There might even be a photo that exists of them as like one year olds. Oh, that's wild. But maybe, I don't know, maybe that hasn't been found yet. I haven't seen it. That's wild. More than 85 times. But, but in game one, I think there was a play where Shea obviously took a dive. Yep. He literally threw himself on the ground. And I think the foul was on Nikhil and he ime he, he immediately cursed and looked over at the bench and said, review that bleep.


Yeah. And they did. And it was, it was called out. So even his beloved cousin, you know, who was like his second brother or whatever, you know, their, their, their, their bond runs deeper than, than, than even their blood. Even he at times thinks it's bull. Well you're so, you know, take that your Power broker Wendy, so maybe you could put this in the year of Adam Silver. Have them make, not not just have them make the, the dives reviewable, but if you do take a dive, they should be able to issue like a tech for it after the review. Because I get it, if you're, They have that rule, but they have that Rule where you can tee 'em up if it's a clear, if it's a clear dive just on, if, if nothing was called, if they, or if they, if they called a foul and then they, they review it and they see that it's a dive, can the ref say actually not a foul.


It was embellishment and we're teeing 'em up because I, I don't think that's the rule You can call a technical foul on a player for flopping. Now it never gets called, but you can call and like, and when it does get called, it's always on the defensive player. But I believe, and again, I don't have the rule book in front of me. And frankly I don't know the rule because it's so rarely enforced that you'd never see it. But if a flop is a flop, I do believe the officials have in their latitude, it's kinda like the tush push when they just declared that you could give you a touchdown. I didn't know that rule. I'm pretty sure that they could do it. But I mean, just saying that they could do it doesn't mean that's ever gonna happen.


I, I think that would be a good compromise because I get it from a ref's point of view. If you're, you don't want to call a flop in real time because you might be wrong. And what if there actually was a foul? So if like rely more heavily on the review for that and then hit 'em over the hammer. Like if, if you are flopping, you should be able to review that and be like, okay tech and I guarantee it would stop. And then I would love watching SGA play. I really would. Well, but again, here's the problem. Like sometimes it looks like he flopped and then you watch the replay and he kind of did get fouled. It wasn't like the greatest, most impressive foul in the history of, you know, Rick Mahorn. But that's the problem with it is that, you know, obviously there are times that happens, but I mean, look, he just won the MVP so like it's hard to tell him that his behavior is not being richly rewarded.


Right. So he's what he's doing and, and is damn impressive. And it's also being verified. Yeah. So that's the, that's reality. Yeah. All right. Let's talk about the Eastern Conference final. It is awesome. These two teams Yes. Are just playing the most chaotic basketball. We said at the beginning of the show, the Pacer's having the stat where they've had three times where there've been down seven or more under a minute and won those games. And the Knicks being like, oh, anything you can do, we can do better. We've had three games where we've come back from 20 point deficits. What I like going into game four, i I, I don't even know what to make of it. I mean, I guess I'll start with this.


Are the Knicks, do you think Tibs is going to trust his bench a little bit more going into game four? Or was that a circumstance thing where it's like they got in foul of trouble, he had to do it and they know they have to win this series with Jalen Brunson, even though the Jalen Brunson Kat combo has left their defense lacking at times. First off this series could be anything. It could be three oh Knicks. It could be three Oh Pacers. It could be two one Knicks. It's two one Pacers obviously. But either of these teams could have, you could roll these things through and you could have had a a a different generator come up with, with a different result. And as because of that, I don't know what's gonna happen in this series.


Yeah, I just don't know. So now Tibs, this is fascinating. Okay, so he played 15 different lineups in game three. I'm sure it's happened, I can never remember a team this deep into the playoffs conference finals playing 15 different laps. Maybe if there's like garbage time where it's, it's not a game, but certainly in a what is effectively an elimination game. Secondly, seven of the lineups had never played together before. Now I ha we have not looked that up. I will stand on that being a first in history that yeah. That, that seven different lineups played in, in down oh two in a conference, finals game.


Especially for him, especially the guy we're talking about who do, who does not want to play, who, who does not wanna to get out of his rotations, who does not want to play a deep bench. It it was crazy. And by the way, like I understand why there was a lot of frustration that Kat didn't play down the stretch of game two, but he was making a tactical decision that I understood. I'm not saying I agree with him, but I understood the tactical decision. This decision is whenever I put Kat and Brunson out there, we have difficulty stopping the other team. We can't get stops. And when Mitchell Robinson is out there, we do, you know, Joe Missoula in the last round when he was fouling Mitchell Robinson to get him off the court, the same thing was kind of plaguing them.


Their, everybody in their starting lineup in several of the games in that series was underwater. They were under, they were all minus and plus minus. And Missoula was like, the reason I want him off the floor is 'cause he's the only guy who positively affects the score when he is out there. Yeah. And so Missoula was basically talking about what Tibs and this Pacers already see and Carlisle pretty much said it after game three, he comes out and he goes, well they played better defensive players. Yep. And now some of that reason he played 15 lineups was because Brunson was in foul trouble and McBride was in foul trouble and Kat was in foul trouble. And so now he's, now the circus wheel is starting and he's just trying to catch up.


He didn't plan it that way. But what I wanna know is what would've happened if Brunson played his normal minutes in the fourth quarter? Yeah. Maybe the next will win. Like, I'm not trying to tell you that I know, but there was a reason why tips kept him on the bench till there was a minute 30 left. And it wasn't because he was afraid he was gonna foul out with two 40 left. He kept him in because under that current lineup, having Kat be the featured offensive player with only one defensive sort of hole at the other end was working. Now part of the reason I think it was working is that the Pacers were guarding the Knicks.


The way they guard the Knicks, as if they had their normal lineup out there. They were guarding Sham and who else did they play? They were guarding them like it was Bridges in Enobi. And if that happened again, they would know that they're gonna put two people on Kat with Brunsons on the bench and if, if Landry Shamick can hit an open three, God bless you. But they were, they were leaving Miles Turner out there on an island and Kat was toasting him. Which is, by the way, that's the way Kat operates. He's an all NBA player. He got, he's an all NBA player 'cause he destroys you on the offensive end. But against the Pacers in a playoff setting, having Brunson and Kat out there together is sometimes difficult.


And so what ended up, what what I think is probably gonna happen in game four in addition to Robinson continuing to start, because he gives them a better opportunity to, to balance out their roster a little bit more with, you know, how they can defend. I think you're gonna see the stagger. What I mean by that is the time which Kat is on the court without Brunson and Brunson was without Kat expand a little bit. Yeah. They're gonna squeeze it out even if it's literally just by a minute a quarter. And again, I'm not arguing to play Kat more than Brunson or Brun, I just think if you only have one, because by the way, at the end of the game when they both were out there, there was I think one defensive possession where Tibs had to have maybe two.


The Pacers immediately put them both in the pick and roll and they didn't get a basket out of it because the Knicks were able to get it done. But even down the stretch, he was Tibs did a good job and kept his time outs. He was pulling Brunson and Kat out of the game. Yeah. Because he don't want either of 'em out there. And so, look, it's a tactical thing and if Brunson has a 45 point game, which he's absolutely capable of doing, and his offensive prowess outweighs whatever happens defensively, which has happened dozens of times in his Nick's career and will happen dozens of more times, cool. I'm not arguing that they're quote unquote better without him or whatever.


But I do think they give themselves a better chance to win if in the 48 minute pie they have some of, they have more of it where only one of them is on the court. Especially if you can get Miles McBride to hit a couple of big shots or you can hit bridges or, or you know, whether it's Landry Shaman or whoever. And I think that's what they're gonna probably have to try to do in game four. And, and, and I also should say, like I, the Knicks played a lot better defense. I also think like maybe if you're the Pacers and, and I don't know how much a coach can, can bank on this, but the Pacers had been running very, very hot and then in game three yeah, they, it finally fell back down to Earth. They shot terribly from three. That was bound to happen eventually.


So that game was going to happen to them eventually. Do they say, Hey look, we're still the same team. And, and I I, I mean I, Rick Carlisle is such an underrated coach the way they confuse the Knicks and that is a lot because of Kat and Brunson on the court at the same time. But it feels like the, the Pacers, they gotta just keep doing what they're doing a little bit and, and be like, Hey, if you wanna play a defensive lineup, you're not gonna be able to have the offense to keep up with us. I wish I could give per the person the credit that I saw this from. But you know, because of the, the, the, the tracking systems that now have, they can track where everything moves on the court. I saw that the ball that Brunson or that, that Halliburton made in game two where the ball bounced and went straight up in the air and came back down was the highest bounce off of the rim that has happened in the playoffs this year.


Whoa. They literally had a, a chart of every ball that came off the rim and Halliburtons was the highest. So yes, I think they were running a little bit hot. Yeah, that's Jim Merc dunked it back in. That's what that was. That's crazy. Yeah. I can't believe they tracked that, but I I I should assume they did. Yeah, I wish I could. I wish I could. It was, I saw it on, on X and I wish I could give the person credit and I should have before I said it known that. But that was the key. So yeah, I think that there is something to that. Another thing I'm gonna say is that a big factor is Aaron ne Smith's ankle. Yes. So what do you hear about that That you guys know? Yeah, well it's not good when they announce he's a Gametime decision the day before.


Right. Because like, I, you gotta figure he is gonna probably play because it's a playoff game and if you're a Gametime decision, you're probably gonna play. The question is how effective can you be? And I was, I spent time today talking to the, the ex-players who I work with at ESPN, Lee Donis Haslam and Aman Shumpert and, and Perk talking to 'em about like, you know, when you roll your ankle, 'cause sometimes you see that, you see a guy roll his ankle and then he'll finish the game and then the next next day it's like, it's blown up. And that's the kind of ankle injury where you maybe miss a game or two in the regular season. You know, talking about the stuff that you can do to try to keep the swelling down you can play, but look, he's gonna be affected and he's super duper important and he plays a hundred miles an hour.


So that to me, more than any Xs and o thing or whatever lineup you wanna play or who's ever got a hot shot, that potentially is a huge X factor. And another reason why, if you're a Knicks fan, you think that you can do it. First off, the Knicks win on the road, they win close games on the road. It's incr it's a, it's an ode to their mental toughness. It is the, their number one attribute, in my opinion is their mental toughness. And that's all comes from Brunson Brunson and, and tips to a certain extent. You know, and, and some of their guys are, you know, Anna Nobis heart rate never increases. And, and you know, bridges is shown to be beacon, make big plays, but it's, it's mostly comes from Brunson.


The guy is an absolute stone cold killer. And so when you are, when you've won six road games, you don't care if you're down to one like you, you believe you can do it. So the Knicks will come in with belief and they could come in with one of the most important players who guards Brunson being diminished. So I have no idea what's gonna happen in that game, but if I'm the Knicks, I, I believe I believe in myself. Yeah. So the, the Pacers might be losing Knee Smith or maybe get a, a hobbled knee Smith, but they're gaining a super fan in Tyree Halliburton's dad. Mm. Yeah. So can you tell us what happened behind the scenes? How this negotiation went down? Because ever since, you know, we, we understand you can't try to fight Giannis on the court. That's probably crossing a couple lines.


We probably a suspension was, was worthy, but then we thought about it And we were like, wait, what if they're playing in the Eastern conference? What if they're playing in the NBA finals and he's not allowed in the building? That seems a little bit harsh. So I'm glad that the league came around on it. But what happened? Do you know anything about what happened behind the scenes? I think basically the league was like, you have to do something. And you know, it was like maybe they checked in a couple times And we were like, Hey is something, ha have we done something? And you know, now it's like a, a nice little like secret weapon. Now there'll be something to fire the fans up and fire tyrese up c by the way, so here's the problem. I, it's very difficult for me to talk about this because I have a good relationship with the Halliburton family. What, which a lot of people do. It's not like I'm trying to sound a lot of people, if you're around the Pacers or you've been around team USA, you know John and Brenda Halliburton.


Okay. You just know them. And by the way, like one of the more remarkable things that's happened in the last week after Tyrese hits the game winner or one of the forces overtime and you know, does the choke sign or whatever, I guess that was game one a minute ago. I said it was game two when he does the choke sign, his mom Brenda goes to the Today show the next day and stands in the rain outside the Today Show with a Pacers sign. I love that. I love it. Did you guys, did you guys know that? No, no. I love it. I just saw his dad in the bar doing the choke sign. Well, yes, and I'm not sure that that was very helpful, especially he brought the towel. But I adore John Halliburton, you know, and I've spent a lot of time with him, like in, with team USA across the planet.


So like I am biased when I say I want him to be in the building, but he obviously can't go out in the court and he don't bring the towel. That's what I would tell John. John, don't bring the towel. Okay. Just don't antagonize. You wanna get yourself down on the court and you, you know, if Tyrese is in a situation where he's playing in a possible clenching road game, you wanna be able to go, whether it's in the conference finals or it's in the finals. But yeah, Brenda Halliburton, who again, is just wonderful, she went with her friend. They go to the Today Show and Craig Melvin, I think is out there. And Carson Daley and Craig Melvin. And this woman goes, yeah, this is, they're like holding Pacers.


I mean, she's just a woman from, from Wisconsin going to the big city. Why would, what do you do in the big city from Wisconsin? You go to the Today Show? Oh, it was the next morning, like, like at 11:00 PM Tyrese is putting the choke up on the Knicks and at like eight 15, she's outside the Today Show. She got up early, got her Pacer's flag out and was on tv. And like you can tell that they're like, we really believe this is Tyrese's mother. That's amazing. I know that she's, and there she is like, I mean, wholesome. Yeah. Right. I mean, wholesome guitar. It's, I I realize that Tyrese and the way he plays is, is somewhat hateable. And if you're a Knicks fan, you hate him. I get it. But I mean, I have a hard time not wanting good things for the Halliburton family, I guess, if that makes me biased.


So be it. But, so yeah. I'm glad John's, by the way, I think the John Halliburton story, you guys would know this, like on the metrics, people care about this because on all the ESPN shows I was On today, we pushed out Yeah. Nick's pace, other pieces of Nick's Pacer's coverage to get John Halliburton coverage in there. It's a hilarious story. So we must, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's great. It's great. Alright, Wendy, we, we've kept you long enough. It's, we appreciate you joining us. It's midnight, we kept You long enough. No, no, no. We, I told you we're built for this. I got one last question.


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code. Take, have to ask a LeBron question as contracts. Yeah. You know, it's in your contract. Remember you come on.


I saw LeBron complaining about the SkyCam four weeks later. I didn't, I didn't see this. This is, you're this is new To me. Okay. Alright. So he did, he did his podcast with Steve Nash. Okay. And he was, and he was basically like, I've never seen that camera before. Where was that? The, the, the strip on Anthony Edwards where had This Oh, The Hawkeye. Yeah, the Hawkeye. The Hawkeye. So to put it to, 'cause I think he was kind of dipping into like, they just pulled that out to, to get me on this one. Is that a camera that the NBA refs use often or is it always at their disposal? Great question. I don't exactly know the answer. The Hawkeye, I believe, don't hold me to this.


I believe this is its second year. I mean, we're gonna go down the rabbit hole here. Your listeners' probably gonna be like, I don't care about this. There used to be this other different tracking technology that they used. And then that contract ended and then they, this new company came in with this new technology called Hawkeye and they put these, these cameras up in the ceiling and they're used for like mostly internal stuff, you know, to, for internal tracking and stuff like that. This year, late in the season was the first time I saw them using it in replays. However, for all I know, and I don't know, they were using Incus all year.


Right. But this is a newer tracking system called Hawkeye that does exist. No, they didn't just put it in to, to get LeBron. It's been used on other, on other players in the postseason. So, but you know, I can understand why LeBron thinks something went against him. Nothing's ever gone his way. So It was just very funny clip. 'cause it was like four weeks ago this happened and he was just like, yeah, where the hell this cube ever come from? He saved Him. They also used it at the end of the, the Nuggets game with the, the, the slam dunk at Eric Gordon. Yeah. At the very end of the game. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And it got that right like, as far as I can tell, like the one frame it like, got it right.


Yeah. So yeah, it was, it was a bit, people were a bit con in the league. People were like, we don't wanna switch off our old technology. They were kind of against the Hawkeye. But now I think the Hawkeye has come into its own. This, this is why you're the best Nationals team. Yeah. You have a story about the contract ending. I don't how good of a, I don't know how good of a a how good of a story it was, but yes, that's a new thing. Also while you there were, there were meetings at ESPN with our stats people with the Hawkeye operation to, to detail the incoming Hawkeye and I guess next time they need to invite LeBron. Yeah, that's true. He should get on the Zoom. He should get on the Zoom with the Hawkeye. You see him on that email? Enlightening. Yeah. While you're here, is LeBron gonna take less money?


I don't think so. Okay. I think, I do not think that is in the plan. I think the real question is will LeBron opt out? Because right now he is got a max contract and a no trade clause and the opts out the Lakers could ask for concessions. Now there's there history is that they take care of star players and it's a smart way to go. It's a good investment in the future. It was something that Jerry Bus started and Genie Bus has continued and so do I believe that they wouldn't give LeBron what he wanted? I don't necessarily believe that. However, when you opt outta your contract, you know it's time for negotiation. Now he was the second team all NBA player this year. They've never really negotiated with him. They've given him what he wanted, but if he thinks that the Lakers may want to try to offer him less or not give him the no trade clause, he could in theory just opt into his contract.


And so, and he could just say, I'm opting into my contract 'cause I'm taking it year to year and not indicate that there was any issue with the Lakers. But I do not think it's in the cards that he's taking less money. It's not that necessarily he wants every dime, although he does want every dime. I don't think he believes that free agency is got anybody in it where if he takes less money that the Lakers could go use their mid-level and like have a transformational player. They may disagree with that and they may come to him with a plan where they show him that if you take $12 million less, we can sign this guy and maybe he'll change his mind. But as far as I know from my conversations, the intention is for him to continue to make all of the max which he has earned.


Yep. Okay. Alright. Wendy, you are the best. We appreciate your time. Like I said, it's 1211 Central time and you hopped on with us after SVP. So thank you so much. And everyone go listen to the Hoop Collective and see Wendy everywhere. You're looking good and everyone be nice to Wendy on the streets. Yeah, you can be nice to me. Just, you know, you can say something if you don't like it, fine. But just, you know, I don't like necessarily being, having stuff thrown at me or having people put their hands on me. Agreed. In that way. Agreed. But hey, I just wanna say to Nix fans, that was a wonderful, wonderful night for the Nix fans. Being inside the garden for that game was amazing.


There was pure euphoria and let that be what the memory is of that not, you know, these punk kids who were, you know, frankly stoned and, you know, had nothing better to do at 1230 in the morning. Yes. They were high On the weed. Yes. Stay off the weed as Stephen a tells Us. Yes. Some people may, there, there may have been some weed smoke blowing in my face as well, so, Oh no. Did they Blow in your ear, like to get you high? Did you get secondhand? I was, I was. Look, I can't move very fast, but I was moving as fast as I could move. Let's put it That way. Oh, all right. You're the best, Wendy. Thanks so much, man.


Wendy was brought to by our great friends over at proper 12 PFT here making my Irish entrance with proper number 12 Irish whiskey. How do you make an Irish entrance? You might ask. It starts with a shot of proper number 12 Irish whiskey because real friends don't let fringe Irish exit a party without a story to tell. Original, proper 12 is rich. It's smooth, it's a blend of golden grain and single malt aged four years in bourbon barrels mixed up with some ginger ale for a classic and refreshing proper ginger. If you're in the mood for something smooth, but a little bit sweeter, try proper Irish apple, A delicious blend of propers award-winning Irish whiskey with crisp, fresh notes of apple. So get out there, make your Irish entrance. Anything else just wouldn't be proper. Make your Irish entrance with proper number 12 Irish whiskey


when he's also brought to you by sunglass hut. Sunglasses are more than just eye protection. They're transformation. When you put on a pair, you're not just shielding your eyes from the sun, you're reshaping how you see the world and how the world sees you. Sunglasses are more than an an accessory. They're a way to express who you are, how you feel, and how you take on the world. Sunglasses are more than a shield from the light. They allow you to own your moment in so many ways. I wear sunglasses almost all the time. I I never step outta the house without sunglasses. I actually wear them indoors just as much as I wear 'em outdoors. And luckily, sunglass Hut has the best selection for the summer with a wide range of styles and incredible in-store experience to help you feel like your best self sunglass hut. One of the all time goat stores too to walk into. Yep. Just browse. Check out the new selection that they got, find the perfect pair that speaks to you and embrace the power of sunglasses. Visit Sunglass Hut today. Make every moment truly yours, sunglass hut. Own your moment.


And now here's our good friend Tyson Ritter. And now for something completely different. Okay. We now welcome on a very, very, very, very special guest. Fucking Five varies. Wow. It's In studio. It is Tyson Ritter from the All American Rejects. And this is an awesome one because first of all, thank you for being here. Yeah Man. Thanks for having me. It's sick. You're about, you're, you're in 20 minutes. Gonna go on and do a show at our office, which is like, I don't even, I don't really expl, I don't know how to explain it, that you're actually doing these type of shows, but it is the coolest thing that you're doing these. So thanks for being here. And let's start from that. Like, you guys are just doing house parties and random shows.


Yeah, we're doing house parties. Like this was born an idea. Born in like we played USC in Los Angeles. 'cause we did a show the night before for a bunch of suits and it was like a big limp dick man. It was awful, man. It was so whack. And so we just took a flyer out on a local college radio station. We're like, Hey, you got a house we can play at? And they're like, I, we, we scared up somebody that's brave enough to do it. And it was like the veil was lifted on 400 of these 20 somethings who just never have crowd surfed before. Yeah. And wanted to bring forties and hold them in the air. Yeah. That sounds awesome. Fucking righteous Man. So how many of you done? We've done eight man.


Yeah. Okay. Because we did That's funny. We did a bowling alley the other night. 'cause we got rained out at the house. Thank fucking God. It was, it was gonna be a fucking disaster. And so like 5,000 people wrapped around the block And we made the call. We're like, we can only get 500 people and the oh, the bowling alley guys like, I I'm gonna get shut down. So we're like, let's just kick 'em out right after we play and do a second set. And we did, man. We got like an another crowd in. That's So cool. That's awesome. Fucking It's feral, man. It's aggressive. And you're doing them, you're, you're not like these are, you're just doing 'em for free. For the people. For the people. My friend. For the people. Yeah. Man. That's cool dude. You know the system of of, you know, we're watching it fall right now.


Like these paper tickets, giant dynasties going to these giant rooms and selling half the room. $800 a pop. Yeah. And then they dish out hundreds of tickets to local promoters to just give them away to the next 20,000 people. Right. So it's like, I'm the guy who bought an $800 ticket and Joe Blow behind me didn't pay anything for the sausage I bought. Yeah. Like how was there not like a big class action lawsuit? Yeah. Yeah. It does seem to me like the music industry over the last 25 years really since Napster started. But, but what more once streaming became a thing. Sure. It seems like a a a very tough business to make it work at as an artist.


Right. Because what's Making it work man? Like, like nowadays it's like visibility. You know, we celebrity is driving music, man. You could have the biggest celebrity pop star in the world fart on a track. And that shit's a hit just because she did it. We should do that. By the way, everyone we interview, you guys should do far Tracks All over. Yeah. I could make a beat out The fart. Seriously. Do a Barstool Sports fucking playlist fart stool sports of everybody in, everybody in the room. This is his fart man. It His track. So I it has to be so fulfilling to just be like that close to your fans and people who enjoy your music. 'cause it's such a cool, like when we go, we'll do, you know, road trips and we'll do meetups and it's like, they always almost like reinvigorate me where I'm like, oh yeah, these are the people who are enjoying us and it's like a face to 'em, you know?


And it's so cool. Yeah. 'cause when you're on eye level with your heroes that are most of your are like probably seven feet tall, but you know, these gladiators that you cover, you know, you're removed from them through the, the lens of the television screen or whatever. But when you get face to face, when you're at eye level with a fan, they are, they are having a transcendent moment. Yeah. Right. Like when you meet, when any of these guys that watch this shit meet the sport, I met fucking, you know, Peyton Manning at a, at a steak restaurant. Yeah. And that dude was awesome. They're they're done for life. Like Yeah. They're like pate manning fucking best guy in the world. Yeah. I have to imagine that. It's great for you guys, dude. Do you guys get a sense of nostalgia?


Like it brings you back to when you were first starting? Yeah, We started this shit in VFWs backyards. People passing around a tip jar just to give us gas money for the van. I mean, it, it, you know, when we started this new record, our biggest intention was just like, wow, we need to find out why we love doing this man. Especially with writing new music. So, because so many people, so many people in our little class of, of of bands, man, you can hear they're trying to like emulate just to shake the purse strings. And we're like, fuck this man. Like, we gotta shake it up for us. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It, it's interesting. And that genre of music, which I'm, I'm a massive fan of. I, I love pop punk, I love punk music.


I love alternative, I love all that stuff for that. It feels like a lot of bands, they either died real soon and you could hear kind of the creativity and the inspiration draining from their music or they had to evolve. And when you evolve in that genre, you might lose some fans that you used to have. You might gain some new fans. What was it like for you guys? Did you make a conscientious effort to, to change the music at all? Or to just grow, just let things happen? Dude, Man, we never, we, I, you never approach art with the intention of writing for someone besides yourself, man. Like, if it's truth and if it's coming outta you, it's because you are drawn to it and you have to find it. You gotta pull it outta the old cosmos and put it on paper.


And I think authenticity right now is so permeable and perceptible. Is that a word? Yeah, sure. We can perceive this so much now through our black mirrors. Right. So like, if something's bullshit, it screams bullshit. Especially on the feed, you're like, oh man, that's a real dude that, oh man, here's horses shit. You know, like, it bleeds in your hands. So yeah, I think, I think the people that are fucking it up for themselves, I think, you know, the cream, the cream rises and the milk sinks. Yeah. Do you have a song that you've written that you're the most proud of? Good Question. Yeah, man. I think the one that I didn't expect, you know, where I'm in a hotel and there's a guy coming up to me when I'm checking out and he is like, Hey man, I just wanna let you know I bought two tickets to this concert and I was only able to redeem one.


'cause my brother, he, you know, he passed and he's like, but I wanna let you know, you know, move along what every day that, that gave him more life and more willing, you know, will to live. And I, I looked at him and I, you know, I was, you know, full body goosebumps just going like, man, I, I might be, I might be a bad dude sometimes, but that guy made me feel like a pretty good guy. Yeah. That's great. That's Awesome. Maybe I got a little, little blank check into heaven 'cause maybe that guy kind of got another six months with his brother or some shit. Yeah. That's pretty cool. I dunno, What in your path as a a band, was there a moment, because I always, I I'm always curious like people who've made it or, you know, made great things.


Was there a moment where you're like, okay, this is actually a real thing that I'm gonna do for a living? Because it can be hard and daunting, I'm sure. Sure. As a musician where there's moments you're like, I don't know, I gotta go get a real job. Like, I don't know what to Do, dude. And we had a, we had a song called Swing Swing on our first record. And then there was an interim where we, our label Dreamworks got sold to Interscope. Right. This giant ivory tower. And we were writing a second record and they always say, you got your whole life to write your first record, but then you get that hit and then what's coming next? Right. That's when the man's breathing down your neck, come on, son. And I was like, 18. And Dad at the label was like, you got this kid, you got this. And there was a moment, man, where I was like, I got 40 grand in the bank.


I can go to college or maybe I can just go work at fucking Blockbuster. And kind of, I don't know, try to deploy that money in a smart way to kind of keep me outta college and long enough to have fun. I don't know. But yeah, dude, that was a, that's a really fucked up thing. I mean, when you guys first started taking off, was there ever a dip or was this always just, was the trajectory just always been like this for you guys? I, I think for us, the dips came before we started the show. Yeah. So we, we've been like, kind of in the industry a little bit. Like Big Cat worked here at Barstool for a while. I was blogging for like six different websites, getting paid 25 bucks per article. Like we, it wasn't always great, but then once we got to, once this started, I think we knew that okay, this is what we're gonna be is Working.


And, And, and I think the moment that the clarity of like, oh, this is actually, this is my career now. Was like so freeing. 'cause it's like, oh, when Did you accept that? When did you actually go like, this is it man. Like, I think it was right around when we started this show. Yeah. And it was like, it started to hit off because it wasn't like I was ever thinking, oh, I'm, I'm gonna leave bars or anything. But there was definitely times where you're like, all right, I'm writing a blog. I'm, I'm having fun. I'm talking about sports. Can I do this when I'm 50? Is this, can I make a living to Do this? Right. Right. So then when we got together and started the podcast, it started to kind of all click into place like, oh yeah, this is kind of, this is my life now and this is awesome. Crazy. Huh. And you do feel this freedom of like, now I can kind of go for it.


Yeah. Autonomy in this programmed world is like, you feel like you kind of, you feel like Charlie bucket, right? Yeah, Yeah. Big Time. Like, you see people like that look at you going, oh dude. And you're like, yeah, you're sitting at a desk, man, you're, you're having a, you're having a, you're having a rough go. I'm living a dream for you, man. Yeah. Trying to crazy. It's Crazy. We, I don't take a day for granted in that respect. That's that's good to say out loud. Yeah. But it's, I feel it. I wake up every day. I'm just like, holy shit Up. Holy shit. That's my life, bro. Dude. Same man. Honestly. Like, dude, I'm, we're on a bus right now 'cause we were, we funded this whole little crazy run ourselves. We're like, took 50 grand. We're like, let's just, let's get a bus, let's pay the crew. So we're all 12 sardines in one bus right now. Oh Shit. Are you guys all sleeping on the bus?


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. No. It's like, oh man, we're in the boat. No shit shitting on the bus. No, no. That's rule. That's Yeah. We know that rule. Yeah. You know That rule. You guys have bit of those things. Yeah. Yeah. We've, that is a hard and fast rule. One person will try to break that rule Oh. Easily per road trip. Oh no. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And then there's the lore of bag drops. You, do you have you, have you been shamed? Have you been in a compromising position to have to do a bag drop? Is this guy behind glass Out there? No. Is that when you empty the gray water tank out? Oh, What is it? Is that it, That's when you line a, that's when you line a toilet and you have to do the thing. Yeah. And then you take that trash bag. Oh, You're shitting in a Bag and you gotta drop it on the highway and hope to God nobody's behind you.


I've heard horror stories. Dave Matthews band. Yeah. Dave. Yeah. That's a Chicago legend. Yeah. But it's like a grenade Matthews. Right. It's just like a one and done. Like, it's just a full on pulling the one arm bandit and like, let's let it rip. Oh, That's Funny. I can't say that we've done that, but we might have to try. Yeah. I've seen many. Amen. We Have to try. Absolutely. I I got a question for you about, about video games actually, because one of my favorite bands of all time, Goldfinger, they reached an audience that they, I don't think ever would've, they already had a big audience, but they became like international to an extent because they were on the Tony Hawk soundtrack. Sure. Yeah. That was huge. Yeah. I know they gained a ton of fans from that. And I know a lot of people have f have started to follow you guys through video game soundtracks.


Was that Yeah, the rock band, when that shit was going A guitar hero rock band man. Yeah. That, that like was just a synchronous moment in our ascension to just be like, I have so many dudes that are like, yo bro. Yeah. Lego, Lego rock band, man. I'm like, what the fuck? You did a Lego one. Yeah. I don't know if I got paid for that. Yeah. Was that like a, was that a conscious decision that you guys made? Like video opportunity, Opportunity just flying and we're just like, dude. Yeah. Like, I don't, I don't know. I like, let's just, let's we make this music to share, man. Get it out in any way we can. Yeah. Yeah. But there's, there's tons of people I know at, at this office that have heard you guys on video games. That was their introduction to you and then became massive Events. Yeah. Like mad. I think we got a Madden with Juan, like Yeah, there was, there was a lot of sports stuff.


A lot of like driving games and shit. Yeah, man. It's, it wasn't what it is now. So Yeah. We were just taking a flyer going, Hey, that's New audiences. That's, that's, that's, I don't know if we were thinking that. We're just like, Hey, that's a pretty decent check. Yeah, That too. Yeah. That's a good too. Yes. You guys said Yeah, for sure. When You, when you guys, you guys took a hi hiatus, how long was the hiatus? 13 years, man. Okay. So 13 years. How, like during that hiatus were you just, were there moments where you just like, ah, we gotta get back together? Because I'm always curious with, with, with bands especially, We didn't break up, man. Yeah. Right. I feel like a lot of people, a lot of bands like in our seamen, like they did the, they did the kiss thing where they're like, we're breaking up. And then like two years later they're Yeah. Fucking Back together because you guys Were making stuff.


It's An opportunistic choice, man. Yeah. The retirement tour, you Guys were That's right. It's a bullshit mode. You guys were making stuff here and there throughout the hiatus. Yeah. We were like dabbling, trying to find a new way to kind of make this sausage, you know, like the dynamic of growth when you start at 17, which I'm sure you guys have seen even since you started this podcast, who's gonna take what and how's this flow going? I, we had this lived experience together and then we departed. We, we literally geographically separated from each each other. And I kind of got better at, in my own space about like writing some music. And that's what this whole new record with, we got this song dropping called Easy Come, easy Go in June.


And it doesn't sound like what you know it as It's a great song though, But it's fucking lit, dude. Yeah. I'm really proud of it. 'cause it's like, you know, when you're 17 writing songs Yeah. You're writing about heartbreak. You're writing about something that's actually there and tangible to you. But when you're past your thirties, like there's something, there's something else when you can look back, your family's falling a fucking apart. You got, you know, there's a lot of rich ground just besides, oh, you know, somebody just broke my heart. Right. Yeah. You know? Right. I got a really dumb question for you. I love it. Have you always been cool? You're fucking cool. Ha. I mean like, just, which Is kind of hard to do. Look, Dude, look at this shirt that none of us were cool, man.


You guys were sports junkies and I bet you were since you were kids. You know, like rock and roll's Born in, in a kid's bedroom who doesn't have friends. That's true. I, I tell people that all the time. They're like, that's a great quote. They're like, how do you, how do you play guitar? I said, well, the best thing to do is be 13 years old. Don't have anything else to do in your life. And just be obsessed with playing guitar. Listen to the music. Yeah. We were not the sports stars. That's as far as like, you know, we were drawn to music and you know, subversive music that isn't on the radio. Yeah. That, that, that really limits the pool of friends to be like, yo, do you like, like do you like this kind of rock and roll? It's like, no man, I'm listening to Britney Spears right now that that really thinned the herd out.


Yeah. But yeah, it's born in, it's born in garages. Born in basements. Born in, in between Playboy magazines. Hell yeah. What, what did you listen to growing up? Oh man, I, you know, I was, I was a poor kid from Oklahoma. So like, I hopped in people's cards to get rides home and I was just a, a radio kid, man. Like, I, I remember when like that in of the state dropped. I remember that was like blasting in the parking lot. I remember when it was Bring your music to school day and it was like, shit was playing over here. It was like nine inch nails whenever that came out. Like, I wanna fuck you like an animal. Like that was, you know, everybody heard fuck loud in a school. You're like, fuck you.


It was like an awakening for a, for a bunch of Oklahoma kids and you know, zero smashing pumpkins. I remember that record was in the corner over there. And then like, you got tragic kingdom by no doubt. Yes. It was just like this swath of, the good thing about being from Oklahoma is MTV fed us. Well like that was MTV spring break. You're seeing the people you want to be with on the house's style turntable with models walking by. Like, that was like MTV sold a really cool Yes. Dream yes. Into us nineties, like the eighties babies that kind of really found our form in the nineties. So I feel, I feel really bad.


It's true that kids don't have that today. Yeah. TRLI used to watch TRL like every day. TRL was sick. Yeah. But like, fuck dude. MTV spring break was oh the best. So I, I, I remember I was off for school, but I sat on my ass watching Limp Bizkit play the house style. Like, this Is fucking nuts on stage. Yeah, it was, It was. Yeah. Iconic man. Yeah. That's awesome. It it, it does suck that we don't have that. There's no, what, what's the word for that today? Monoculture. It's Monoculture. It's where everyone, that's A big word that I do not know. It's Like the thing that everybody pays attention to. TRL. Like if you, if you, if a band made it on TRL in top 10, you were like, everyone knew that song then.


Whereas now it's like, oh, you have your favorite band. I have my favorite band. It's all like pockets everywhere. I think it's even harder. It's like there's a, it's like the monoculture is like, there's four people. Yeah. Yeah. It's like right now it's, what is it? It's like Chapel Rone. It's Sabrina Carpenter. Yeah. Ed Sheeran maybe. Yeah, he's, I've seen him a lot lately. Like, it's like, we don't, the pool is like, for the masses has totally become like a kiddie pool. Yeah. Versus I feel like we we're so fucking spoiled, man. We had a really cool like pond to Yeah. To dip into. Which one of your peers that, like, as you guys were huge in like the two thousands. Do you, were you ever like really good friends with any of those bands?


Oh man, we were, we were so, you know, we were so Oklahoma man. We were just like smoking weed and drinking every night. I love that. Like, it was just like, nobody really wanted to hang out with us 'cause we weren't like doing the scene and wearing the uniform. You know, all a lot of the kids in our scene, like, it was like eyeliner and, and, and dark clothes and hoodies and shit. And we were just like t-shirt and jeans band from Oklahoma. The music was the only thing that like, worked for us. Yeah. So what do you, what do you think it is about some of those bands that now it, it feels like we're going through almost a second wave of popularity for them? Yeah. I, I don't know what it is, man. I'm just, you've Got like my chemical selling out. They're like selling out stadiums.


Yeah. It's like massively popular again and whatever. I'm super glad that it is. 'cause I love, I mean I think it speaks to culture now, right? I think people are Spotify as much as it be damned to so many artists for the way that they kind of pay the artists. You know, you got a kid listening to a, a metal playlist listening to current metal and then Blacks Sabbath comes on. Right. But it's in that same feed. It's not on a, on a, on a seventies radio station of rock. And they're like, who the fuck is this crazy train? Yeah. And they, you know, they don't realize the genesis of the whole thing. It's just this giant melting pot. So I feel like nostalgia isn't, it's not, it's, I think it's by happenstance.


Like people are like, wow, this shit's good. Yeah. And it was written yesterday. I don't really fucking care. Can I see that band now? I'm gonna go see that shit. Yeah. Yeah. It is true. Like Spotify, I'm sure you have a different deal with them. Obviously we like Spotify, they, they put up No, I like them, but yeah. I don't have any problem with them. Yeah. I hear a lot of artists like speak out about how they don't pay them well and I'm just like, well, I mean, hey man, like this is the game. When is music, the music industry ever really treated artists. Right. Done a 50 50 split with the, the artists. Right. Can't it's an equal partnership son. We're right here just to support. Yeah. But Spotify, one of my favorite things to do is, is do the Spotify radio where you pick like one, you know, song you like or band you like and then it just goes Yeah. And then you find new stuff.


You're like, oh Man, this is awesome. Yeah. Like, feed me man. Yeah. Right. What are you guys listening to right now? I'm just curious what's in the, what's in the spin table for you? So I, I'm getting like real, real deep into some shit that I think I might need to take a break from. 'cause it's breaking my brain. Oh no, I found, I found this artist on Spotify. It was on the like for you playlist. And I, I think he's a great songwriter. He's put out three songs on his own, but it's all like super professionally produced with professional musicians. You can tell I think he might be ai. Ooh. Because I'm trying to find him everywhere online. 'cause I'm like, this guy fucking rocks. How do you get duped By that? It's that good now, isn't it? I don't Know. I'm not, I I don't wanna say his name 'cause I don't wanna say that he's ai, but I'm doing a personal investigation into him right Now.


Holy shit. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm like, wow, What are you gonna do if it's actually not a human? I think I might just quit the internet at that point. Sweet. You gotta put me on. It's gonna be the last broadcast. Yeah. It might be. No, I, I don't know. I I I tend to get stuck in, in ruts with bands that I've always listened to. Like, I, I rarely add new music to my repertoire, if that makes sense. Keep a You keep a, a strong failing. I, I should add more, but I'm like, I feel the same way. I can go back and I can listen to Mighty, mighty Bosstones again. Yeah. I think I'll just do that. Yeah, Do that. She feels good. Yeah, man. Yeah. I want to get back. I wanna smell CK one. Yeah, exactly. Did you tour with CKY? Oh yeah, dude, we toured with CKY. How insane was that? That was my first tour. That was your, your first tour you left was my first with the CKY guys National tour.


Man, that's incredible. Oh yeah. You wanna hear a whack ass story. That's funny, man. Yeah, so the, the guitarist of that band's this guy named Chad and he's like, he's like, I'm Chad. And he's like very, he, you can tell he idolizes Gigi Allen and like really is all about sort of this, I don't know, sort of spectacle of vulgarity and like, you know, Gigi Allen used to like shit his hand rubbing on his chest and shit. And we were doing this run with him and they picked us to be on the tour and we get like 10 shows into 'em. They're like, they like bled bla back to us and they're like, yo man, CKY doesn't like you guys. Like, they don't like your band, man. They, they, they, they don't, they don't want you on this tour.


We're like, all right, well fuck. They can tell us that they don't want us. And then one night Chad got up on the merch table and goes, don't buy this band's merch and this war iner van man. Like we're we need that gas money. Yeah. Yeah. We're like that. Fuck. What a dick. And so the next night we were like at their hometown of Philly and when they got on stage, we went and drank all their beer And they kicked us off. Oh. That was a bridge Too far. And that felt really good. Yeah. Good to go out with a nice buzz. Hell yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. That's a fun one. Yeah. Alright. I I I got one last question for you. Yeah, man. Throw It's been awesome. Everyone, everyone go. You guys are on tour all summer, so Yeah man, we're actually, this is a fun one. We're going out with the Jonas Brothers this fall.


Let's go. Hell Yes. We're doing like arenas and stadiums with 'em. If, if you want to see a, a, a really interesting juxtaposition come to the early show. I love it. Of the Jonas Bros tour And how, how many more of the backyard shows are you gonna be doing? We, we've kind of put a pin 'cause we got the Indy 500 tomorrow night. Have you ever been? No, dude. It's Fun. It's crazy. But I, I went down the street's nuts and I found this jacket. Oh, that's awesome. It Literally was right there on the end cap. I was like, let's Go dip. Yeah. Yeah. And then we're gonna, we're gonna find a way to make a little bit better of an infrastructure for these house shows. Yeah. 'cause it feels like it. It's a great idea. And then it probably got super popular. You're like, oh fuck No one wants to be Icarus.


Yeah. Yeah.


Alright, so my last question, Rollback question RH opa c k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com promo code take.


So I read this and you could tell me and and I'm sure you Do that so fucking well. Thank you. It's great that appreciate that. It was like somebody else just entered your body. Yeah. Just take over Poltergeist. So you're the league guitar's Nick in the band I read that he listens to Maggie Maye by Rod Stewart every single morning. Is that true? What other ways is a man supposed to wake up That can't be true? It's a great song. It's audio Sunshine is he Does do every single. I bet I've caught him a couple days. You know, listen to something else. Okay. Alright. Yeah. No, but, But I do like that as a tradition. Yeah. It, he's he's very much like, I don't know how polar opposite you guys are.


Like I'm the, I'm very free flowing and he, he, he lives his life on a, on a very regiment. Maggie may Wake up. Maggie. I Honestly, it's not Monday if Maggie may isn't with me, That that has got to be, if you're gonna pick one song to wake up to every day, that's gotta be Like top five. That's good. That's A good or good morning hard. Have you, have you heard that ransom record like Al Come The Wolves? Good Morning Heart. But I just, you like an old friend that was like, that was like my high school morning song. I just realized he's like unintentionally just doing Bill Murray Groundhog's Day. Where, where he just, dude, He, he lives like that man. He, he truly does. Like he has, he's like fully in that. Like he and he'll say this, he's like, he's not full on Mark Summers.


Howie Mandell. Yeah. But boy he really rides that awesome line of like, I need my life to, to to work the same way every day. Right. Yeah. If if you accept that, then you can make it work. Yeah. Maggie may hoping it every day. Alright, well thanks so much dude. We really Appreciate. Thanks man. I'm gonna warm up this voice for you. Fuck Yeah. You it is gonna be awesome. And everyone goes see All American rejects out all summer. Do it.


Tyson Ritter from All American Rejects is brought to you by Shell Oil where you can get more with Shell V powered Nitro plus premium gasoline. It's got more performance, more power, more protection and more protects against carbon deposits, friction and wear for better fuel efficiency. In addition to engine performance. Get more performance with every drive. It's our best fuel ever. A fuel like no other Learn more at Shell us slash more dash performance Shell v powered Nitro plus premium gasoline removes up to a hundred percent of performance robbing deposits to rejuvenate your engine's performance. Get more performance with every drive. I know what I'm putting in the El Camino this summer. That's Shell V powered Nitro plus premium gasoline. Get more performance with every drive. Download the Shell app today to locate your nearest station.


Tyson was also brought to you by Sleep Number. Okay. Real talk. The Sleep Number Smart Bed has totally upgraded your sleep with the ability to adjust the firmness anytime. It's perfect. Especially if your partner's setting is way different than yours. You'll get what you need. Each of you no compromises. It's no wonder 80% of NFL players sleep on a sleep number Smart bed. These guys take recovery seriously and sleep number's been teaming up with the NFL since 2018 to help them perform their best. If you're waking up sore or you're just not feeling rested, it might be your mattress sleep number. Smart beds adjust to your body. They respond to how you sleep throughout the night. Kinda like having a sleep coach built right into your bed. Whether you're working out hard or just need to survive your daily grind, you deserve to sleep like a pro. Now is the time. Discover your sleep number setting, unlock your best sleep ever. Visit sleep number.com or your nearest store to learn more. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed so you can choose your ideal comfort on either side. And now get access to Memorial Day deals. Save 30% on our most popular smart bed, exclusively at a Sleep Number store near you. C Store or sleep number.com for details.


Alright, we're gonna wrap up the show we got. First of all, thank you to Tyson Ritter. That concert on Thursday night was incredible. It was awesome. Yeah. Surreal. They just played hit after hit after banger, after banger after banger. It was a great show. Go see them because they are putting on great shows and it was very cool. Thank you to PFT for coordinating that. 'cause that was a very cool moment to have. I think we now have to Yeah, shout out Nate at night too for for the assist on the coordination. Oh nice. And their new song Too. Easy Come. Easy Go. That might be a song and a song. Yes. But we need, this might just have to be a thing We do Concert series, Bartol hq.


It was very cool. It was like we do a lot of crazy surreal shit. But it was like, oh yeah. Quick concert, quick All American Rejects concert on the basketball court. Yeah. If we, if we were to do a, a series of concerts like Tiny Desk, would it be Tiny Stool or would it be Giant Stool? Mm. Or would It be Big Stool? Yeah, big Stool. Big stool. Big stool. Live Car Stool karaoke. What about just concerts in front of the golf simulator? Yeah. That's where they played. Yeah. It was awesome. Yeah, I think their green room was where I keep like my kids' little trucks. They were just hanging out in there. Cool guys. So thank you to Tyson. Alright. We had a Monday reading, but first Jordan of the week.


Hank. So our friend La Tore had an update. Everyone go watch his video, listen to his podcast. Seems like they've been dating for a while. And the famous Bill Belichick ring camera video was during OTAs in what, 2022? Yeah. And No 23. Well there there were also some shots that he found in the stands. I don't know how he found They've got like the fan cam. Yeah. That you can click on a section to see, see yourself or see anybody really. And he found a picture of Jordan at a game i I believe in 2021. I like how you did that little French Jordan and Belichick's seats.


Yeah. So there was also that. But yeah. Did You not know these updates? 'cause you said, ah, we don't need to do an update. I I saw the ring cam when I watched, I watched the interview with the Airbnb guy. I mean we stand by Jordan. She's upset. She might, she tweeted at Airbnb saying she might sue. Yeah, We will. We'll we'll be in with you. I Told her it seems like a pretty clear First Amendment violation. Yeah. I said I'm, I'm on Team Skull. Fuck Team Geodon. Yeah. We, we remain Team Geodon. But it does seem a little interesting 'cause I didn't fully understand the timeline. It feels like maybe Bill Hick was a little distracted. The real loser here might be M Jones maybe.


What if Geodon was the reason that Mack Jones didn't make it as a NFL quarterback? I mean, it's just timing. It's just, it is probably just a coincidence. You're not allowed to have sleepovers before OTAs. No, you can. Absolutely. We love, love. What was, what was hick like? You think Hick wasn't what? Coaching as hard as he possibly could have been. What do you think? I think, I think, well let me, let me, let me, let me volley that back at you. When you are newly in love, wouldn't you say that being newly in love definitely takes up a lot of your thoughts? Maybe daydreams, maybe, you know, oh my God, I can't wait to be done with OTAs so I can go back to my fuck shack.


Shit like that. It's hard to coach pocket presence when you don't have any of your own. Right, Right. Is that fair to say? Like every Time Depends Who you are. It depends, you know, He's out there, he's yelling as defensive how strong you are. He's like, he's like hit the a gap and he's like, oh yeah, that'd be pretty nice. Yeah. Can't wait to get back to Geodon. That's a good penetration. Oh, everything reminds me of her. Would you say that's fair Gillette Field, she's so smooth. Yes. That's fair. These are all out of respect, by the way. Yeah, they are. To Joon. So Yeah. It doesn't, it because I've, I was under the assumption that this happened almost like, toward like very end and it was like newly single Belichick, newly fired Belichick doing his thing.


Now it feels like You wanna know my theory? Yeah. I think that we, in the media when Brady and Belichick broke up, I think we, we spent a lot of time using the word divorce. I think Bill might have treated it and processed it like a divorce. Oh. At the time where he's like my main, my main thing is gone now. Time to find some new strange. So you think Jordon was, he was In Rebound mode. Jordon was the rebounded from Tom Breed? Yes. Wow. That's, that's what I think was happening From, so Belichick went from one goat to another. Exactly. He knows how to pick 'em. Like he spent year, he's spent decades watching Tom Brady spin that thing and he is like, there's gotta be one heir apparent.


And that's Jordon Jordon. Is That fair to say? Yeah, totally. You feel like you don't really want to talk about Jordon anymore? Are you worried that you might not get invited to the wedding now? No, I'm not worried About that. And I, and I like Atory and I think he does a good work. Okay. Wasn't there a story about how when, but he's getting close to milking When Bill was, when he was doing interviews for teams. Wasn't there a story that like Robert Kraft might not have given the best endorsement ever. Correct. When they called, what are the chances that he might have mentioned Jordan in some of those calls? I think Robert Kraft was probably jealous. Yeah.


Robert K. So are we saying here and I I I'm following your lead here. PF 'cause I, I think I agree with it. Robert cl Kraft number one cock blocker of all time. He was like, no, no, no, you don't get that and now you don't get a head coaching job. Yeah. I think, I think connect the dots. Connect the dots. Fair to say Hank, There's only one guy on this team that can get jacked off and that's me. Yeah. I think it's fair to say he probably brought it up. He probably did bring it up. Which is bullshit because anyone would be lucky to be dating Jordan And let's be honest, like she almost probably got him those jobs. Yeah. If she was there for the interviews, they were probably, it's like, wow, I'm getting two coaches for the price of one. Right.


Forget the Super Bowls. It's a what have you done for me lately? Oh, you have Jordan? Yeah. Winner In the building. Yeah. You think Pablo's getting a little too close? Little too close. I, I think he should keep going. Yeah. But I also there yet gonna defend Jordan. The moment where he walked out of the, they got the, the ring cam footage from the alternate angle and he walked out and he had the satchel over his shoulder. It was very funny to see. Very funny. Like a business trip. I also, I think it was a Berenstein bears thing. I just, I thought that Belichick farted in the video.


He might have fart original video. I don't know why I was waiting for the No, there's like a sound of the door or something. Yeah. I just like, because that would've been a very Belichick move to just step out after a night of Jordan and being like, I don't kind of let one Rip. I think we've all been there. Yeah. Yeah. This guy's being dudes. Alright, I got a quick Monday reading for you guys that I thought was very funny that we got tagged in a bunch. It is in the Reddit shrooms community, the title of it. Husband did a large dose of shrooms, became convinced he was an Italian chef in a past life. Proceeded to make spaghetti. Yep. Quick background. We live with my mom.


My side is very, he is very heavily Italian. My mom grew up in Italy. Does That mean fat or Does that mean I don't know. Max, can we get a ruling? Max is heavily Italian. My side is very heavily Italian. I'm, I'm a heavy Italian. Yeah. Are you heavily Italian? Why did you do that to yourself? You asked the question. I answered the question. That Wasn't what we were asking. My mom grew up in Italy. My husband is best described as a southerner family all in Alabama for 200 plus years. I'd say. That's not best described. He is a southerner. He's not a good cook at all. He once burnt ramen. I've done that. Yeah. You sometimes you just forget. You just fall asleep sometimes You put it, you put the noodles in the microwave for a little bit too long.


Maybe leave the spoon in there and then sparks start flying. Yeah, it happens. Yeah. He's been going through a tough time. His dad died two months ago. He wanted to do a large dose. His wording was he wanted to take a large dose and follow the advice. A lot of people give for a heroic dose. Dark room alone, everything turned off, et cetera. He took 12 grams of shrooms. Shh. That's a lot. That's a lot. Proceeded to go extremely catatonic, spaced out, et cetera. When he came out of it the next day, he seemed very at peace and declared that he realized he was an Italian chef in a past life. Me and my mom were both very amused because he's never been a good cook. He proceeded to say that he was gonna make spaghetti for dinner and he'd make the sauce from scratch.


Me and my mom didn't say anything, but okay. He cooked it that night. We were expecting a disaster, especially because we watched him just wing it. He didn't look up any instructions or measure anything. He said that he couldn't remember specifics, but making it felt like muscle memory. This motherfucker made the best sauce I've ever tasted. Hell yeah. And my mom was rattled and said it was the best she's ever tasted. It was far superior to hers. And that's not something she'd ever easily admit. She even called it perfect. Every single person who tasted it was amazed by it. The main question going through my mind right now is, what the fuck? I love that because you hear the stories about the people that have a, have a stroke and then they wake up and they can play the piano.


You're like, so, or they know how to speak Russian. Yeah. Someone like get like drowns for a few minutes and now can do math. That's my dream. To, to have a minor stroke and wake up and I'm good at gambling. Yeah, That'd be sick. Be a quant. Yeah, But this guy Rocks. I think he, I I think you gotta give it up to this guy. I think just let him keep going. Imagine if he opens up a restaurant and like this is his story. Yeah, it'd be incredible. This guy's gonna be Aaron Rogers personal chef. This Is, this is a what? A what an awesome, awesome dude. So the, The mushrooms. I want to, I wanna hear follow ups though. I wanna see if this trend continues. I wanna see if he can like step outside the comfort zone because like spaghetti sauce, I'm sure he's eaten a lot of spaghetti sauce in his life.


So maybe he knows kind of intuitively what goes into that. Yeah. But what if he gets, what if he branches out a little bit? What if he does like catcho peppe. Ooh. What if he does like a, a tortellini soup? What would he have to make max to pass the the text test of like being fully Italian chef. I mean, that's, that's one one right there. Just making your own sauce from scratch. Muscle memory. Just Like a, I mean, a good red sauce is, is the most important thing of an, an Italian chef in my eyes. I'm looking her up right Now. I'm gonna see if I can find her. Maybe some fruit of Dara. Okay. I'm gonna see this guy spread his wings a little bit.


Bruta. What's that? Say that one more time. You say Bruta. Oh, that was good. Yeah. Nailed It. That was good. I know it. Oh, what, what the hell? She's, she's, she's sharing his recipe. You can't do that. No, you Can't. Well, he didn't write it down, did he? I thought he cooked From the heart. No, she, she watched him do it the next day for lunch. He's just cooking it every day Then. Then it's fraud. You Can't, but you, you should, you should try it. What goes into it? You should cook it. One large yellow onion chopped, not finely diced. Two bulbs of garlic peeled and crushed olive oil. Salt dried oregano. Dried parsley, dried dime.


Is it thyme, thyme. I, I'm not a cook. Two pounds of ground beef. One large can of tomato sauce. I feel bad even saying this. Well, Let's be real. The guy, he should be using fresh herbs if he's gonna go down this road. Yeah. I, I Want describe fraud. This guy's A fraud. You think so? Yeah. You Think he, he lifted the recipe from somewhere. I, I mean, this is just, there's not, this is, this is, there's nothing special about this sauce. There's also a chance that maybe he's been studying, like secretly studying how to be a cook for a while, and he's too embarrassed to tell his family about it, because as a strong Italian family, they maybe would not want him changing careers and becoming a chef.


And so then he's just using the, the massive dose of mushrooms as a cover. Now it's time to follow my heart. And he's been training this whole time, Huh? I, I believe this. I believe this guy. I want him to cook for us. He seems like the man. He said, she said, she updated a little and said that he didn't have like an aha moment. It was just more of a deja vu that he had worked in a kitchen In a past Life. In a past life. Is he went, he went blackout and he forgot who he was. He remembered a restaurant kitchen that felt familiar. He'd alternate between his vision, flashing different colors, emotions. It felt like he was fast forwarding and rewinding through all the motions of his past lives.


He'd do that for a while and then remember, come back to the kitchen and feel the anxiety of a lunch dinner rush. Then go back to the color flashes. He said he felt like that cycle kept happening forever. He said it felt more like deja vu when he remembered that life than a sudden realization that it was his past life. I like this guy. I want him to cook for us. I want him to cook some pizza for us. Sausage And peppers. Damn. What would be the coolest thing to have our past lives? Ice cream machine technician. That would be sick. We could use that right Now. Yeah. We did make, there's been a purchase made. We have a full industrial sized kitchen strength ice cream machine.


I think we talked about this on Oh, we did? On, yeah. It's been a long day. It's been a long days between, yep. Okay. It's been a lot of days between Max And we've been talking about the ice cream. Well, you started it today. 'cause you said I at like one o'clock in the afternoon. Yeah, one in the A. You said. Oh, is it ready? Were you, why, why so early? I was curious. You were hungry for ice. Well, actually, I, yeah. Don't come. Let's, I'm, I was definitely hungry for ice cream at that time. I'm sure you probably had ice cream. I might have had some ice cream after lunch. You're right. I'm not gonna throw any stones. Alright. Next show is Friday numbers three. Oh, wow. You were right on top of that. Six.


Is that for Nixon? Six. Nice. 65. Let's go. 48. 54. Nine. Nine. Book live. Four. Where is the I stand 4 81. That's not true. The i i is roman numeral one. No, it's not. It's IV is one less than Five. Yeah. Four. The I stands. So what stands for, that's what I said. The, I stands for one. The V.


So the V stands For the V stands for five. Five. So that would be six. No, it's, no, it'd be six After, because it's before. It means subtract from that. If it was vi, it'd be six. If it's V, if it's iv, it's four. So it's one. Okay. Okay. Think about the super bowls you've won, right? No, I, yeah, I got of which there are many. It goes I, I, I three. Three. IV for four, V for five, VI for six. V, I I for seven. Got it. Love you guys. What is, is it eight? Is eight VI? It's VIII. Nine is ix. That's right. They had it figured out. They Did shout out Rome. Shout out Rome Love guys except for the pedophiles That was more grease.


Good Italian people.