
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners, You can find every episode on Apple podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music On. today it's Pardon My Take. We have a very special guest qb, one of the Chicago Bears Caleb. Williams. We're up at Hallas Hall, hard knocks. Yeah, we're gonna talk some hard knocks. We, we made our hard knocks debut was very, very cool. Tell everyone about the experience we have the Mount Rushmore of things that are hard to explain. We also have Hot Seat Cool Throne. And guys on chicks. Great show for everyone. We're at camp. We're up in the north Woods of Wisconsin, and


we're brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. Been hungry for some college football. Well, we finally get a taste this weekend. Don't miss any of the action Jump in at DraftKings Sportsbook. It's a small but mighty slate of games for week zero, including a big matchup in Ireland. It's super easy for first timers. Get started. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win Go to the DraftKings Sports book app, select your team. Place your first bet. This is gonna be DraftKings biggest college football season to date. Enjoy the ride now all the way through the expanded playoffs. I've also decided it's gonna be my biggest college football season to date. You can check out Florida State. I think there are 11 and a half point favorites against Georgia Tech that will kick off the 2024 college football season. And for all newbies getting into the college spirit, here's something extra special. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big with DraftKings. All college football season long. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now. Use code take that's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Plus age and eligibility. Varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft Ball.


Okay, let's go Down Do I and then Higher Pardon. My Take is ended by Barstool Sports.


Welcome to Pardon. My Take. Today is is Wednesday, August 21st, and it's presented by DraftKings Score Big with DraftKings all college football season. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now. Use code take, that's code take for new customers. Get 200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, August 21st. And Boys, that Was the best episode of Hard Knocks I've ever seen. Hard Knocks. We made it. That was really fucking cool. It was, it was pretty awesome. Almost didn't happen for me. I forgot to sign the release until like three hours before the actual airing of the episode. Of course they, I'm bad with paperwork. That's a theme on this podcast. But yeah, it was, it was cool. It was kind of surreal myself. Big Cat Max and Memes Mees were all on hard knocks. Yep. It was, It was great time. Pretty much The whole squad was on hard knocks. Yeah. Had had a blast doing it. Yeah. And I think that they took some, some fair, a fair representation of what the interview is encapsulated into hard knocks.


Yeah. So it was, it was very cool. We, we, we always, we had our interview planned with Kale Williams last Tuesday, and we went up to Halas Hall and we're like, maybe there's a chance, like we get seen in the background at Hard knocks. Turns out the majority of the hard knocks film crew is fans of ours and we're fans of them. And like, they were the coolest dudes ever. They're like, Hey, they're awesome. Do you mind if we like punch into your sound and then So they listened to the whole interview, is that right? Well, they that perfect. Alright. Go ahead. Hang. Didn't get it. No, that was Good. What did I say? What did I say wrong? That Was good. Now I love Patch. Love it. They patched it. Hash watched it. I watched I love hearing you talk shop. Yeah. Talking shop. I'm sorry you didn't getting a hard mess. What they didn't do, which I was just About.


You ran rappel and you were Missoula fucking Thing. And Hank thought that there was a possibility this could happen before the interview. We were waiting in this room for Caleb to shower or get ready after practice. And We were waiting in another room. Yeah, were waiting. We weren't waiting in the room where Caleb was showering. We were waiting in a different room While Caleb was showering. She was Showering. Yes. Caleb was showering in a bathroom. Yes. We were Not. And we were in the interview room Yes. That did not have running water. Correct. And so we were waiting there and we got into a big just, I, I wanna say debate, but it was really just Hank verse the world, you know, like, which, just a regular day, you know, you know, you know, like in the Roman Empire when they would like tie up a bear to a steak and then have a bunch of wolves just stand around it and try to kill it.


That's what we were doing to Hank for about 20 minutes. And Hank thought that they might use some of this, this just hank baiting. Well, it was, that was when we knew the guys like, liked us and knew us because they were chuckling in the background. And I was like, you see, like, we just never turn off the podcast. We're just doing it right now. Well, Hank was in a mood too. Yeah. So he, he was in a mood, but it was a Great mood. It was really cool. Yeah. So I said a mood. I didn't say what kind of mood. So they Patched into our sound. Yeah, No, they patched In. They punched, they punched into our sound. So we were like, this is awesome. Maybe they'll use a clip. Cool. And then like, maybe a day later, I got a text from someone at Hard Knocks and they're like, Hey, can we get all your footage?


And I was like, yeah, no problem. And at that point I was like, I boys, I think we're gonna be in hard knocks. Yeah. And then they sh they sent us the edit, what is Sunday? And we watched it and we're like, well, this is the coolest thing ever. So yeah. The show that we've been watching for 20 years, we all made it. Yeah. And Caleb was a cool guy, confident Guy. I like talking to him. I think the way that he came across, or the way that he's coming across on, on hard knocks is also what we saw in person. Yeah. Seemed like a good dude. He would've pressed the button he would've killed. So, oh, he, He was pressing the button. He was going, this was Pressing, he was smashing that Kill Bears fan button on his leg. And I would imagine, just from the replies that I got on Twitter tonight, there are probably thousands of Bears fans.


Everyone was saying Smash it, that that would willingly die. Yeah. For 10 Bears Super Bowls. If, you got the credit for it For sure. Yeah. Yeah. Get the statue. It was besides us, we we're not such narcissists that that was the only hard knocks recap. I, I mean, I, I obviously Love No, I think we're good. I I loved, I loved the episode just because it was, the hype is at an all time high. I understand that. It was the Bengals second defense. I understand that. But I'm gonna, I'm gonna ride the Hype wave. The way they edited it, the way they ended it. What are you, what are you doing? We got a text while you were talking. Big Cat, it, it was from Max. Max is now butting into the show via text. He says, Hank, take your hand out of your pocket. It looks like jerk. It looks like you're jerking off.


It did. I looked over And. it did look Like Hank on camera. It doesn't look good. It, I, I did that off air because I thought it would, I didn't want to blow up a spot on the Show. Well, we couldn't tell Max because you touch your balls all the time. That's True. That's true. That's true. Welcome To, welcome to any new listeners. Pardon. My. Take. We get that. Actually, Hank does this every episode. He jerks off at some point. You gotta figure out when. Its usually during the lighthouse segment. Yeah. So, yeah, no, it was an awesome episode. I mean, they were, I feel like they finally like, started hammering in on different players. That was really cool. Like Tory Taylor. Yeah. Was he looks like Chef Donny. He's a weapon. He, He doesn't like the nickname The Crocodile Hunter, which that was the classic like media thing.


Yeah. Oh, there's an Australian guy. Let's ask him if his nickname is the only Australian person that we know. And he was like, no, I don't, no. Like, call me literally anything but that. Yeah. I actually thought he looked like Brogan Rhoback and I thought that his nickname should be Bogan Rhoback. Ooh, I like that. He looks like Chef Donny too. Yeah, he does. Our chef Donny. He does. And then we had, Tyson pageant was great. His dad is a world class arm wrestler. Well, Not world class. Like he is universe class. Yeah. The best. He's the best in the history of left-handed arm wrestling. Yeah. He's he's the best Austin Booker. The ferret king? No, the different guy. Oh no. Who was, Was, so who Was the ferret King? Is it Vellus or Vli Jones? I don't Think Vli Jones is the ferret king. I thought he was the fert king.


Yeah. Oh, he might've been. I think he's a fert king, which is, it's a red flag for me that he's a ferret guy. Yeah, very. And And he may have murdered his ferret. Oh Yeah. It was Villa Jones. What was Austin Booker? He had a nickname too. Austin Booker. I don't know. I Bruce had like, he was just doing nicknames for Everyone is his nickname. Austin Reed. Austin Reed, yeah. That's probably it. They're very similar. Yeah. They could just switch names. Yeah. The Austin Reed had a nice moment singing to everyone. Yeah. That was a lot of fun. Ke Cole. Yeah. And then we also had a pretty cool situation where we learned about the Judon trade, which we actually are gonna talk about in Hot Seat Cool Throne. I think we pretty much covered it.


I had some nice spin zones, but it was good. I'll say this. I wish I had seen the episode before. We talked about Hot Seat Cool throne. Hank, did you watch that part? I did see that though. Ryan Pulls has guardrails and he doesn't want to go too far into, Into guard Rails. I saw the one, I saw Uber flu stalking to the guy on the sidelines. And he was like, you think it's gonna happen? They're like, yeah. Yeah. It's like If. you were driving your car and you're like, you think we're gonna crash show? No. The guardrails there, I love it because Big Cat was prepping for Hank to come at him. And, and the, the line of defense he had set up was just guard rails. Just guard rails. Just Your guard you're driving said that guard rail straight. Should we drive straight? And they say yes. They're like, oh, no, no, no, no, no. You're gonna crash. Drive straight into guard. You're gonna crash. Which would've been trading for Matthew Juda.


It would've been, we would've totaled our car. Instead the guardrail saved us. Like Hank, if there was a guardrail, The guardrails being and the guardrails are just Matthew Judean saying, no, no, no, no, No, no, no. Not at all. It was the guard rail. Hank doesn't understand. If there was a guard rail around rail, that telephone pulling the parking lot, my car would be fine. Yeah. I don't think you understand what a guardrail is. We're gonna do the mount rush where things that are hard to explain. It's a guardrail. And so, yeah. So like, I just saw the clip where they were like, yeah, we really we're going for him. We're gonna get him even like, but then are we gonna get him? And they're like, yep. But that, right after that moment, which you probably didn't see, you didn't watch the episode, he hit into the guardrail. Got it. Yeah. Yeah. There was a, there was a full room in there. I wasn't really gonna You Did the guard I was gonna squeeze in.


He had a binder ready, polls had a binder. He was just Reading off fake Stats that that was set. He was No, no, no stat. Yeah, he's off 50th and Was have understand He was just, That was, does he have that stats for every NFL player? Like could you tell me like via like a punter how many wins added you get with a punter? That, that Scene was, I think Kevin Warren put it in the hard knocks contract that he has to be in at least three scenes in episode. Oh, well, let's not downplay the, the scene where he was talking about the different chairs that you can get the high tops. That was, that was riveting television. They're designing suites for their stadium. That doesn't exist. Yeah. And Kevin Warren's making, he's making executive choices about whether or not you want a high top chair with a back If.


you want people sit like sitting up If, you want people standing If. you want an Adirondack chair. Like that's what you pay guy. Like he's president of the team. Right. Yeah. He, these are the decisions that a president has to make. Listen, I'll, I'll squash my beef with Kevin Warren for canceling the big 10 football season when Covid happened. If he gets the Bears a new stadium. But that was, I I, I assume Ryan polls when he has to do these scenes where he's just like, I can just say any stat. Yeah. Like it is, it will be good. Yeah. 50th in added winds for a defensive end. Montez was 19th last season. Oh, I see. Right here. He's 32. Looks like we hit a guardrail. That's one of the guardrails we talked about earlier. Oh, he is from Louisiana.


Probably. He probably wants to go to Atlanta. Listen, Listen. Don't spoil the Hot Seat cool drone spin zones that I had cooked up. Some good Ones. I had a question for you. After the game they gave Caleb Williams the, the ball from his first touchdown pass. Yeah. Was, or was it from his run? It was run his touchdown run. Is that the first time that you think football has been put into an alligator purse? Yeah. That wasn't his purse. I think that was his carryall. His purse was next to that. Oh, the all. Yeah. Yeah. Is That the first, first Time please? Pft. Is That the first time? Learn That. Learn men's fashion. A football has been put into disgusting alligator carry now. No, definitely Not. Oh, dude's been rocking the alligators forever. Yeah. Yeah. Are you, are you serious? There's, I don't Know. I asked, we're asking a question. There's got Yeah. That that's a common, the the, the how many purse next to the carryall?


Yeah. If. you put it in there. Yeah. Maybe you'd have an argument. The carryall is guys walk in, think about the tunnel walk. How likes ESPN Countdown? How many they're all wearing. They all have the carry Alls. It's all Gator. Yeah. A lot of them. I gotta get into some gator. Yeah. I mean we're gonna get into a kb I'm probably gonna buy whatever that European handbag he has is. Yeah. The Gator one. No, I'm gonna get the carryall. That's the carryall. I'm also Gonna get, I thought it was a matching set. I'm also gonna get the handbag. No. Okay. I don't think they're matching sets. Good episode though. Yeah, I liked it. I liked it a lot. It's so funny that the Matthew Ju trade was like a five minute segment after we had taped we, the WiFi's not great here, so we're trying to get the upload as fast as possible so people can listen.


And so we taped a lot of the show earlier today and we had an extended spin zone for me about where places are in America. Yeah. Only other thing I had before we get to Hot, Seat Cool Throne is, are you guys sitting down? Yeah. JLo and Ben Affleck had broken up really divorce. I never could have seen this coming. Do you think love is Dead? You think maybe the band's getting back together? I Don't know. Arod. If I know Arod, he's not gonna call first. This Says Arod soft fingerprints all over it. Listen, If we see J-Lo, it's a Minnesota, she is a timber rolls fan. Yeah. Die hard. So wouldn't shock me.


But yeah. Isn't it? I mean, you guys thought they were gonna be together forever. I did, but you know what? This is a good opportunity. I Honestly didn't even realize I got married again. I thought they was, I Didn't, They were like divorced. Yeah, they had gotten divorced. I thought they just started like dating again. It's a good opportunity for us because may, you know, we, we can't date Taylor Swift. She's off the market. But Hank maybe you could slide into JLo's deals. Yeah. Between, I've been to, I've been to multiple of her houses before. Multiple of her houses. Yeah. How about that? You've been to her back doors a couple times. Oh, we have been to multiple of her houses. Yeah. That's weird. And she smelled nice in all of them. Yeah. So, and She hate, she only hated, I don't even think they let me walk inside. The one in the Hamptons. They were just like, showed me around. Oh, we never went inside and showed me around to the Backyard. The LA one.


She, she's got a great backyard. The L the LA one. She, I've never seen someone more angry to see two guys in someone's house like that weren't outside of someone robbing. Actually, I think she would've been less angry if it was robbers. 'cause she'd been like, I'll just call the police. She saw us and her face immediately dropped and she's like, these fucking guys are in my ass. The blog Boys are here again. Yeah. That was Bad. Hank. Between you and J-Lo, you'd have a perfectly normal sized ass. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Dude, Hank, you just Make it happen. Just slide. Just reach out Hank send her a dm. Okay. Send Her DM right now. I wanna see it. Just be like, heard you got divorced.


Hey, m remember me? Yeah, I heard you got Divorced. I was the guy that was in your backyard. Oh wait, no, no, no, just, just write. So divorce question mark. No. Oh no. Hey, do do so dot, dot, dot. Yeah. Divorce. Question mark. Look, here's a picture from Former Backyard. Oh yeah, that Is, oh wow. Lemme see a picture. It's really nice. Backyard. Yeah, it's really nice. Lot of graphs. What Did you send her? What did you send Her? I said so Dot, dot Divorce question mark. No, you follow up with a divorce. Yeah. Be Maybe I'll wait till tomorrow. Send exclamation point on that. Be like you, I you must have missed This. I heard you like guys from Boston. Well, no, that's a bad time for that.


And she's also Yeah, she's going back to Aron. It's true. Yeah. So we're good. But yeah, shocking news in the love world, which we cover extensively. It's tough. The show Also, there was a fire at the Cowboys hotel today. Oh yeah. So everyone's safe. Who Started it? If I had to guess, I would probably say, Jerry, this might be a Vesuvio thing. Yeah. He needs money. He's gotta pay Dak. He cd. You might trade cd. Yeah, You're right. I get, I'm surprised there's still a camp. I feel like camp ended Camp broke for a lot of people. Yeah. Yeah. Because they just announced like a lot of these preseason games. No one started. Honestly, if we're being real, if Michael Irvin was around, yeah.


That was his fire. That's, that's my Guess. That was his fire for sure. Okay. We got a great rest of the show. So we'll kick it to ourselves with Hot Seat Cool. Tarone Mount Rushmore of things that are hard to explain. And Caleb Williams.


Before we get to Hot Seat Cool Throne Gametime football season is here and we can't wait to get out some games this fall with the help of games time. The official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime Picks feature. They're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime picks filter filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Hank give us the football is so close to being back the Thursday night game. It is Raven's Chiefs a FC championship rematch. Give us some prices. Banner Night. A FC Championship rematch. The cheapest get in price I'm seeing on the Gametime app is $242. Ooh, that's a good deal for banner night. So Gametime has the best deals out there If you're a Chiefs fan. If you're any fan and you're looking to go to a game this fall, pull up that Gametime app right now and choose and turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Did you turn on GT Picks? Nope. Turn, turn on GT Picks or browse the best local Gametime pick deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? We're gonna maybe buy those chiefs 2 49. Okay. So we Should maybe buy those tickets for a couple fans. We, we might think about that. Yeah. You know what we should do? We should send Sprinkles. Oh, it's not the Lions though. It's the Ravens and the Chiefs. Oh, okay. But we should send Sprinkles. Send Sprinkles. We should send Sprinkles. The funniest part about that, it was after about a 20 minute pause that we took to get the microphone set up. Nailed that line and Hank was like, okay, do the line. I was like, ah, fuck it. Send Sprinkles. Alright, so go to the Gametime app right now. Download the Game. We, we should send Sprinkles anyway. Yeah. We should download the Gametime app today and use code PMT to easily score great deals with new Gametime picks. What time is it? Gametime?


Hot. Seat Cool Throne is brought to you by our friends at Coors Light. You know, it is the coldest beer out there. Fans of even the biggest rivals agree on one thing. The mountain cold, refreshing the Coors Light. When rivalries start to heat up this season, choose chill and reach for a Coors Light to keep things cool. Rivalry getting a little overheated. Choose Chill with Coors Light when you're looking to keep it chill. There's only one beer to choose Coors Light College about to be back. That's rivalry season. We're in the midst of a rivalry. It's called Hank Verse himself. In Mount Rushmore season, when things heat up, choose chill, and then open a Coors Light. Even the biggest rivalries agree when it's time to cool things down and enjoy the game. You choose Chill and then reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart or goPuff by going to coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado. Coors Light the best beer out there. Oh, nothing better than a Coors Light in the fall tailgate at the big game. It's the best beer in the world.


All right. Hot Seat. Cool Throne. Hank My Hot Seat is the Chicago Bears. Oh, why? We talked about the Matthew Judon trade and basically it worked out for the Patriots, the Bears and the Falcons had very similar offers. So the Patriots gave Matthew Judon the option of which team he wanted to go to. And he chose the Falcons. I mean, he's from Louisiana I think so. Not too far from Atlanta. Yeah. They they love the Falcons in Louisiana. Yeah. They love them. I I I'm honestly happy that we didn't trade. Yeah. I I think Ryan Polls has got it set up perfectly. They Wanted to see Well, they offered Yeah. Yeah. Made the offer. So it's not like Ryan Doing that it Intentionally, but it sounds like the Bears drove up the price for the Falcon.


Yeah, exactly. Up, no, it's The same price. Knew. No, They had two offers. Drove It up. No, it was, he drove, they drove it up. They drove it up because The Falcons had to match. So you've trying to, so the, the, the guy that you said was definitely gonna be still on the Patriots, you're now saying is a loss for the Bears. I think if it gets presented in the way it got presented to where it's like a player had the choice. Like not the, not the, I saw this Tweet it Wass, I got tagged in it. It was a couple days ago. Yeah, it Was a week old. Lemme see. Albert Breyer's tweet was, was really the mean one. And I didn't even think it was fair. But Wait, Hank, I thought you were saying that it's okay to lose Matthew Judon because he's getting older Two days ago. So wouldn't that be a good thing? Alberter said, aren't you, Shouldn't I be happy that he's not on the Bears?


That was a good point. He doesn't Really fit with Ebra flu's scheme either. Albert Breer said New England believing the Bears and Falcons were in similar category and with third round offers from both gave linebacker ju on his choice of being Delta, Atlanta or Chicago. And then Breer said Judon obviously picked Atlanta, obviously. Well obviously because that you, that's 'cause that's where he ended up And he's got more chance to what He might not. Yeah, he starter on's from Louisiana So deep. I think the obviously part came from the fact that he is in indeed a falcon. So obviously he did pick the Falcons. Ah, Also not fitting into Matt Ebra flu's scheme. That that's a, a very good thing historically. Matt Efu is a good defensive coordinator. I mean, just as a head coach.


Yeah. But he's a good def defense. He, he turned that defense around when our defensive coordinator left for various reasons. Was it? Various Reasons. Various reasons. Yeah. Matthew Judon, he's from Louisiana, close to Atlanta and he went to high school in Michigan. Did probably hates the Bears because he liked the Lions. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Actually If, you do Detroit and, and Baton Rouge. Atlanta's probably right in the middle Also net positive. Net positive for the Bears because he wears the long sleeve sweatshirt. Yep. That's not a tough Chicago bare weather guy. Listen, We're not in full wind now Mode. We're in wind now. But you wanted to be, wanted him I I I never find me a tweet where I said I wanted him.


No, The Bears. I'm saying you like, I think Ryan Poll's just, he's just, you know, he's, he's wheeling and dealing. He's out in the business. You gotta at least call, I Would say the winnow window. Well they offer is open though for the Bears. Yeah. Winnow win Window might be open. I think it's open some regular season games. You got a nice little draft coming in. Yeah. Then my Cool Thrones back Trying to yuck my yum. No, I just, you know, it was a, it was a topic of conversation on this show. This is, this Is Hank is, It was an interesting follow up. That's a t follow up. Hank Hank Is in the depths because he actually, I saw him off camera the other day. Admit that the Patriots gonna be terrible this year. He's trying to drag us down. Mm. That's just, I mean if we're doing admit augmentations off camera, then that's a slippery slope. But Oh, what?


Do I admit. No, I'm not, I'm not gonna stoop to that level. What, what? Do I admit What's going on Hank what's on your mind? I'm not gonna stoop to that level. My cool throws backyard. You're you're obviously, I Where Do I begin. I mean, I got a laundry list of things. I There's a code. There's a code. I mean saying that you think the Patriots are bad. That's a bad, that's a code that I broke. I didn't say it. I think they're bad. I just think they're not gonna win. They're gonna be bad. This shit a lot of games. Yeah. Statistically. Yeah. My cool throws Backyard baseball. Okay. Oh yeah, it's Back. It's back. Yeah. They released a video. Someone found their, they started an Instagram a couple weeks ago and someone uncovered the Instagram, which is one of the crazier, like, that's just a weird internet thing where like someone's like, I found this Backyard Baseball Instagram account.


It has 200 followers, but it follows like a, like how do you find that? That seems like it was planted. Maybe. 'cause then it came back this week. It probably Was. Didn't we talk to them? Yeah, we did. What was not Supposed to? No head off Screen. I don't know. I Don't know. I'm pretty sure they came into the office. 'cause we were talking about maybe making a level. I got That's our Office. I got a text about that from somebody and I passed it along. Yeah. I don't know. If you followed up on. Is this a bad admit offline? No. You're this is your thing now. Well, I, I'm asking, asking your question. We, We did. Yeah. That happened. It didn't happen publicly, but it definitely, I'm gonna have to be careful what I say. Sorry, strike that. Admit from, From now on.


Strike that. Admit from the, I mean, It would've been sick. It Would've been sick. I I'm puling It still might happen. Who Knows? Yeah. I I have a, this actually makes it probably better chance. I have. Let's Get it done. I have an on-camera admission. Hank. Okay. I've never played backyard baseball. I also Have never It seems like it's fun. What? Because we're we're two. Yeah, we're a little older. Oh, this is, this stinks for you guys. It Does. I wanna play. I'm not knocking it. I would love to play it. Pablo Sanchez, Kenny. When did it Come out? Kenny? Like nine in the nineties. Kenny, Tom. I Don think so. No. Was Kenny at Guc at like 99? I don't know. Because like the players were definitely your era of players. Pablo. Yeah. It was 1997. Yeah. I'm sorry I missed it.


How old are you guys? That's bad. Well, I was, here's Here's the thing. My family, we were always like two generations behind the most current game system. So it would take me a good like eight years to catch up to whatever was possible. Sunny day. Chuck Downfield S something else. I really wanted Matthew Ju on the team. That's really Dante Robinson. Kenny Cows. Gucci. That's what it was. Sun us like that. Vicki cag. GCI was trash. Change The topic. I got, I got my fifis hurt the other day because there was one of those Fifis. Yeah, there was a Twitter pull out there that said which quarterback would you rather have retweet for Jaden. Daniel's heart for Drake May. Oh. And of course Drake may want. That's dirty trick. That's what I don't like. I don't like that. That's election interference. When you do that. You could dirty trick you could put up a poll that said, which cast member of part of my take is taller retweet for Big Cat heart for PFT.


And I would win that. Maybe not, maybe not. Maybe I Don dunno. Maybe we should do a social experiment on That one. 'cause I feel like those poles, those poles are skewed. They're They're skewed and I Don't like They are skewed. They're skewed. Yeah. I'm excited for Backyard baseball, backyard football also. Elite Was it was the computer game. Yeah. So maybe I did play it a little Bit. No, no, you're not allowed. No, no, no, no. You're not allowed to talk. No If. you would Know If, you would know Weber and Bob Sanchez If. you gotta control their power And speed. I'm not saying I ever played it to like, I never played it, but I've like, I have played one time. Maybe Kenny Kawaguchi real because I forgot it was Computer. So it was all, I it is not on a gaming system. Just it Was a Computer game.


Ms. Dos. Yes. Yes. CD Ro I'm starting to come back to me, but I did not play it. I'm not saying I played it. I'm saying I'm, I was aware of it more than I realized. That Would be a good Mount Rushmore too is Mount Rushmore of computer games. Yeah. Sude. Not video Games. Sno one one. I love Sn Doom Power. Pete. Boomer Do I. Think backyard Baseball would beo one Doo Boomer do Doo and Quake Chocolate Chunk. I used to play Matt, I used to play like MVP baseball on computer, but I used to Just, that was my, yeah. The, no, it was N 64. Ken Griffey baseball was my jam. The free pinball on. Yeah. I Hate free pinballs Great ball. I've never been a pinball guy. Not on the Computer. Me? No. On the, no. In general. I, I hate same. But the, but the space pinball on the computer was a leak.


Hank Puts like 18 hours of pinball in a week In our office. When Hank complains about coming to when he, he takes a vacation. He's actually mostly taking a vacation for football. Yeah. Yeah. It's basically the, it just trades off. He, he and Spider and whoever ha whoever has the record. You just can just take the other person and scratch off their entire week knowing that's all they're gonna try to do. There's times where Hank's like, all right, I'm, I'm heading home. See you guys later. And then like three hours later, yeah, you walk over into the kitchen, it's like, what? Dude, you're still here. It's the ultimate 'cause it's free. It's like, it's the ultimate like one more game and then it's like, ah. Yeah. Yeah. Do you know pinball used to be like a badass thing to do back in the day in like the Yeah. The sixties, seventies. Dads would be like, don't date that boy.


He plays pinball. Pinball. It's one Game. It's addicting. Probably why? It's like addictive personality Syndrome. Good. Hot, Seat. Cool Throne. Hey thanks. Yeah. You and Spider Two real rebels of the office. My Hot Seat is that Guy Sinner? The tennis player Center. Oh, steroids. Steroids. Oh no. So Sinner just won at Indian Wells I think last week he beat Beat Tfo and a report just came out today. He tested positive, not once, but twice for a banned substance. The tennis community. This was like months ago. They found out about it. They gave him a slap on the wrist and they accepted his explanation of how he got the steroids in his system.


And the explanation is his trainer was performing like, I don't know, you get calluses on your feet during a tournament or something. And his trainer said that he had a scalpel to cut off part of the calluses, accidentally sliced his thumb. And then used like a one of those new skin type sprays on his cut to heel it up. And then later on in the day, gave sinner a full body massage. And that's how the chemical got onto Sinner's Body. Okay. So two things. One, his name is Sinner. Yeah. Okay. So Hate the sin. Yeah. Yeah. Love The Sinner. Two. I think I defend him because If, you come up with such a bullshit excuse the first time and they buy it.


Why wouldn't you keep doing it? Being like, they'll just come up with this. They'll, they'll accept Anything. Well, it was the same excuse. He tested positive twice for it. But he said that's again, that's how he got it. Yeah. Again, I think I, I think I have his back because like, that's on the tennis community. What, what's the federation? So Federation, I actually saw this. They have a ridiculous name. I'm trying to look it up right now. It's called like the Federation for Fairness and Tennis. But you see what I'm saying? Like, If, you If you use such a ridiculous excuse the first time and they buy it. What is the disincentive to not keep using that excuse? There's none. Right. So I would just keep doing it. Like it makes no sense.


RFKs gonna keep collecting Bear Cubs in his car because he didn't get in trouble the first Time. That's just a fact. Right. He got away with it. Right. He's gonna be a serial massager. Right. So yeah, he said that it came from a spray used on his trainer's hand and then his trainer put the chemical on his body via a full body massage. And then he, he tested Positive and then he tested positive. Got it. Later. Yeah. Again, This is the other tennis players are pissed. This is essentially like, no honey, the glitter on me is not from the strip club. I actually went to a Sprinkles party. I was, I I I was, I was going home and there was a huge stop in traffic and there was a three year-Old's birthday party happening. And I got sprinkle bomb. I actually stopped by Michael's craft store to pick up some things for the house because I know you like decorating.


Right. And if she buys that, then you're gonna keep doing that. Yeah. So Senator said, I will now put this challenging and deeply unfortunate period behind me. I'll continue to do everything I can to ensure that I comply with the I tia's anti-doping program. It's called the International Tennis Integrity Agency. If it, if an agency is named like that, explicitly Corny. Corny, Corny. Yeah. It's, No, there's no better Mark. That that agency is completely full of shit. Yes. Agreed. If, you have to add more The word salad agencies are always the most full of shit agencies in the world. Yeah. Okay. Good. Hot Seat. It's the same drug that Fernando Tiz got suspended for.


Did he also get a massage? I'm sure he did. Yeah. I'm sure he, he's always hurt. So probably, so my cool throne is going to be Kirk Cousins. Hmm. Yes. Kirk Cousins on the playlist. He got the ox chord the other day. It was his birthday. So they let him choose the, the workout playlist at practice. I'm just gonna run through it. 'cause when I saw that it was a Kirk Cousins playlist, I thought that there would be a lot of Nickelback Creed. I thought there'd be some creed, some cold play, maybe some DC talk or jars of Clay If you wanted to dip into the spiritual side. But his playlist is the Middle by Jimmy World. Move along by the All American rejects. There's Green Day Stacey's mom, fountains of Wayne, maybe got a little, little New York Jets quarterback in him.


Former Jet, current Bronco, all the small things by Blink 180 2. The Anthem by Good Charlotte. Mr. Brightside. It sounds like an awesome Playlist. The best of you by the Foo Fighters. Another good Charlotte song. Lifestyles of Rich and famous, dirty Little Secret Sugar. Were going down. Somebody told me by the Killers Dear Maria, count me in by all time low. This guy has good taste in music now. Or maybe, maybe we're just washed. No. Yes we are. Yeah. Why not both? True. Can I, I was gonna say why not both? 'cause you and I are good Point. Yeah. Kat? Yeah. Listen, this You don't have to see.


31 is not wash. It's not wash tank. This is 31 is a spring chicken. This is a great playlist. Yeah, it is. Like, Kirk cousin surprised Me. I saw it and I wanted to roast it. I was like, all these songs Rock. This Is good. It's actually 90% of a pup punk playlist. Yes. This is, these are actually, this is our set list. Oh. Kirk Cousins singing a pup punk song on stage would be awesome. You might just have to start doing shows in Atlanta. Yeah. If. you do it like If, you build it. They will come. Yeah. Just, just, just so residency in Atlanta, Kirk, Listen, anytime you want, you can get on stage, sing a song with us. You don't have to sing the f-word parts. Yeah. We'll bleep those out for you. We'll, okay. My Hot Seat is us.


This is a theme. Now we're just talking about watching. Actually, Hank, you might be in this Max, you might be in this too. I was thinking so we have a great life. We have a great job. Everything is awesome. But there are definitely certain times when you're like, man, I missed that. And every year, no matter what, it's these last two weeks of August when I see kids going back to college, I'm like, fuck. That was, that's it. So I want to just give a PSA to anyone listening to this right now who went back to college or maybe starting college. It is the fastest four years of your life. So just embrace it and, and like close your eyes and, and live in the moment. But I, I dunno, something about these like, like college football starting next week, those first few games on campus when it's hot and everyone's partying and every and like the, the first September is such a joke in college.


you don't go to any of your classes. You don't have to worry about anything. Midterms feel like so long away. Yeah. We, we, it Wisconsin welcome week where it was just an entire week where everyone went back just to rage. I, I, yeah. I miss it. So It is a very, very good week And. it, it's funny because when you're, when you're in college, you take summers off and then you go home, you party with all your friends from your hometown. And then when you go back to school, you don't have that downside of, oh god dammit, I have to go back to school. You have Oh yeah. I get to go hang out with all my friends from college and Right. And it's a great week and yeah, I Do I do miss that too. It is because I, I, there's a lot of things about college I do not miss and like, you know, living in, in squalor and I kind of miss that Every now and then.


I I, I talked to you guys, I told you guys my wife was outta town last week. I kind of went back to that. I was like, I don't think this is for me anymore. But yeah, there's every now and then I'm just like, man, I missed that welcome week. You know what I'm talking about Hank? I kinda Max, I kind of miss the idea of just having a, an apartment where I would not care if everything in there got lost in fire. I've lived in squalor for sure. Just not at college. Just breaking Shit. Yeah. Putting holes in the wall. That's artwork Now I threw a backwards pass. I lived in the same Apartment For two years in Madison. Didn't somehow didn't really break a lot of stuff like, you know, wear and tear. Last day before we moved out, I threw a behind the back pass beer can right through the window.


That rocks. It's awesome. I mean it's too late. I had no money And. it was like 300 bucks to Fix. Yeah. It's too late. Fix this Fucking Sucks. Yeah. I forget about that glass pane. It was, I think I was living with the be at one point and we had so much trash in the kitchen and our landlord came over. He was like, you guys gotta get rid of all this trash. And I was like, okay, be careful what you wish for About all this. I told this before. And so I took it out on the porch and we had a, it was, you know, like one of those second story apartments. So you had like a little deck area that was maybe, you know, the size of, I don't know, just like a, a large closet. And then you had a deck above you and a deck below you. I took all that trash out there. We gathered it and then we had a controlled burn. We just lit it on fire and then the landlord came by later and he was like, you can't be lighting fires.


And I said, told us. I said, okay Dad, you told me to take the trash out. Not Our fault. Not our fault. Okay. My cool throne is So yeah, just embrace college. If you're going to college, if you're going back to college, if you're starting college, fucking embrace it. 'cause the, the, the beginning, the first few weeks when it's just beautiful weather and you don't have to go to class is just, there's something special. Alright. My cool throne I've two. One is for Aaron Rogers because when we had Aaron Rogers on for Chill Week, he told us, make football hard again. That was one of the things he wanted. And he said that the camp, the Jets camp this year is much harder and maybe the hardest in the last seven or eight years of his career.


And he said that Robert Sala is like really cracking the whip and the boys are hitting hard and it's tough and it's making football hard. So, good job. Aaron Rogers made football hard again. Good job. Aaron Rogers and every, it sounds like everybody on the Jets is there. Yeah. Right. Hassan Reddick update memes. It's supposed to be a positive story. Memes is his son. Reddick not hard. I Memes the season's about to start. He'll, he'll come, he'll come. Well, He's, I'm Gonna come. He's gotta be hard before he comes. He's gonna come. No, he's gonna come. He'll get hard. He'll come. You sure he is gonna come Positive. He's gonna come.


Okay, Well so he has not come yet. Right. And he owes what, like $3 million. That's an expensive come, what will you do if he doesn't come? We just wait for him. But Matthew Judon is helping him come. Why? He said today he that he wants to show off for the Falcon. So we get he could earn his contract. So how does that have anything to do with Hassan Reddick? Oh, Hassan Reddick just needs to show up and he'll get that contract. So you think Hassan Reddick saw Matthew Juran said that and said, you know what, he's right. Well It doesn't help his case. What Hassan Reddick. 'cause he hasn't showed up. Well Hassan Reddick is watching another man come for the Falcons and he's not coming yet.


Also Hassan Reddick is three years younger than Matthew Juran. Matthew John knows that this is his last chance at a contract. Could be Hassan's too. Okay. I guess. Yeah, sure. The Universal Sense 29 could be his last big one. Kyle Shanahan taught us we might die Tomorrow. Yeah. Memes. I don't think you're gonna get him to come. I Think, I think we will. I I really don't think you're gonna get to come. I don't even think he's hard. He hasn't been at camp. He can't get Yeah. Have to be literally at camp to get hard. Right. So he's not he's he's soft as could be right now. And you're telling me he's gonna come. I think he's gonna come. No, He he got, he You gotta walk before you nut. Oh, alright.


My other cool throne is Tua. Tua is on my cool throne. Yeah. Because he went on Leotard show and basically said that Brian Flores was doing mental torture on him. And he said, If, you woke up every morning and I told you that you suck at what you did. That you don't belong that, that you don't belong doing what you do. That you shouldn't be here. That this guy should be here, that you haven't earned this. Right. And then you have somebody else come in and tell you, dude, you're the best fit for this. He said, how would it make you feel listening to one or the other? Talking about Brian Flores basically shitting on Tua every single day. And so normally I, I saw that clip, I was like, yeah, that sucks. But who knows?


Like two might be exaggerating. Brian Flores actually came out and said like, I've evolved and yeah, I kind of fucked that up. Yeah. Also, I think Tua said he was a terrible person. Yeah. You don't really hear quarterbacks say it that much. It sounds like Tua is to Brian Flores as Big Cat is to the chat. What do you mean? Like the chat Is your Brian Flore. Oh Yes. Yeah. They, they, every time I I log on for the streams for the Doug streams, they're like, you're terrible at what you do. You shouldn't be here. Someone else should be here. You suck. I hate you. Yeah, yeah. Sliders, cheat code glitch play. You just need more positive energy. Learn More plays. Learn More plays. Oh yeah. Four plays playbook. You're never gonna win the big one. You're a piece of shit.


No composure. No composure. You're fat. We hate you. We hope you die. This does give more Prerecorded. Prerecorded. This Does give more credence to our theory though, that former New England Patriots coaches, they go places. They become head coaches. Yeah. And then they absolutely tanked those teams so that the Patriots would have an easier walk through their division. It sounds like If, you were to tell me that Brian Flores was sent on a mission to the Miami Dolphins to destroy the team and destroy their new quarterback. It sounds like that's exactly what he was doing. Flores Admitted it was true. So to his not wrong, but yeah, his last two seasons with the Dolphins, they won 19 games. Mike McDaniel's first two seasons with the Dolphins, they won 20.


Okay. So it's not like he was the, like the worst coach in the world. Like he was getting semi results. I know it, they, they let's, they missed the playoffs with Penn wins. But let's, Let's look back at, at Brian Flores tenure as Miami Dolphin. He destroyed the confidence of their young quarterback. He sued the team and he naed on the team I Think. But he won some games. It's also just as simple as everyone would leave Belichick's coaching Tree and try to be Bill Belichick. And turns out when you tell someone you suck, you don't know what you're doing. You're a piece of shit. It's something that you can listen to when the person has six rings and when they don't, they're just an asshole.


Or it's easier for you to accept that criticism. Correct. If you're already good. Yeah. Or like If you, if you're Tom Brady and you have a guy that's telling you like always on your case, I'm sure that sucks a lot. Yeah. But it's probably easier to digest that than it would be if you're a first year quarterback and your coach is just destroying your confidence before you have an opportunity to get any Yeah, It's, it's carrot in the stick. If. you know, there's a carrot at the end and someone says, oh they're hitting you with the stick. It's like, well I'm gonna get the carrot. Actually that doesn't work. We got, we have to change. We never get the carrot In the fuck. We gotta change that entire analogy too because who gives a fuck about a carrot If you, if I'm getting hit by a stick, I'd rather have the carrot If you were to say like cool ranch Doritos or A stick. Yeah. What did a rabbit write that? Yeah, That makes no sense.


It should be Coors Light in a stick. Yeah. Mountain Dew in a stick. Yeah, that's what I said That would, that would get me off. That would get me to get off my ass. Mountain Dew. Shout out Mountain Dew the best. Okay, Huey, you're up. My Hot Seat. I Got a question for you Huey. Yeah. When you do, who's back? Someone mentioned this. Do you say Hugh is back? No, I think people want me to start saying Hugh's back. Okay. Yeah. I got a couple dms from that. They're like, you should do Hughes back. Oh, I thought you might've even said it. It was kind of like, yeah, the dress, you know, is it whatever green or gold? Yeah, I Remember that. Whatever was black or gold.


My Hot Seat God star Childre Childress. Oh yeah. So it is a former lion. First round pick. He at one in the morning, took a flight, took a apparently in his apology, took a couple of sleeping medications. Okay. That he shouldn't have. That he's not familiar with. Okay. And he peed on a woman On a flight. On a F plane. Yes. On a plane. Godder God star children. Children. Yeah. He's a big, like big guy. He's cheerless. Chur. Yeah. He's like six five. Six six. He was a tackle. I mean, big, big son of a bitch peeing on you. Peeing on you On a flight. A 1:00 AM flight. Yeah. It was a, yeah, I mean those If, you do take sleeping pills.


You can have crazy things. Yeah. Crazy things can happen to you on a flight. Yeah. Yes. Absolutely. Insane things. Hank, Would you like to see a picture of God? See if it's your speed? No. Okay. Just see him. I'm not into that stuff. I do love every time, Cheryl, you're Into Planes. When somebody goes viral for anything that happens on a plane, just the first response is, Hank, are you gonna date him? You just started dating God Star Childress. Okay. My cool throne. A a man by the name of De. Oh boy. Why, why do you pick the hardest Names? Well also isn't, isn't it Chairless? I don't think there's a D in the last name. We're just going with Childress. Okay.


God. Churchless. RAs riss. Du plus D plus. Are you talking about DD? This guy. The Port of France. DDP. Yeah. The UFC Guy or D? No, DS. D. SP. D. DDP. Yeah. I just think of DDP. David's page. Dus. Dulo. Just go with DDP. Dules. This is great 'cause we can't get sued for this. Even if we get the story wrong. We don't know the idea who we're Talking about. He, he beat Israel. Nia. Oh, round Nailed That round four of a UFC fight. Round five. Sorry, round five championship fight. But in round four it was a, it was a rough, rough round for Decre and he, he was not looking good.


He looked like he was clearly gonna lose that fight and then fifth round comes in. I, Izzy did. Didn't happen. Didn't work. Is your, is your cool throne? The UFC fights from Saturday. Michael Cool. Throwing his decriss dup plus. Okay. Winning. Yeah. Coming back outta nowhere. Coming. Waking up from the Dead. This is like a Magic Johnson tweet. Yeah. Just like, just four days later. Decriss. Way to go dude. So Was it, was it a good fight? It was. It was great. Yeah, It was great fight. It was awesome. It was just, you know, we didn't see it coming and now he's, now he's got the world in front of him. Good For him. Champion. Yeah. Cool.


Cool. Rob. D. DPC. DP. Cool. Rob, where'd you find that story? Was that just that No, I, I was watching it on Saturday and then I just kind of forgot About It. Yeah. I kind of was like, let's bring it up. Yeah. I wasn't watching that. I was Watching. I wish Joe Rogan, I wish you saved this for Fridays show would've been nicer. If, you got even more time in between As it started doing UFC recaps on Friday. Yeah. Just a week later. Wait, did you say that you were, you weren't really watching the fight, you were watching mostly for Joe Rogan? Well, Joe Rogan had a commentator comment. Oh, you watched the fight commentator. Yeah, I was watching So I companion. Yeah, I knew it was happening. Yeah. Yeah, He was, he didn't buy the pay-per-view. He watched Joe Rogan. Joe Rogan, And it, Brendan Shab watch it and commentate on it. I like that.


That's a hell of a way to watch Hu Hu's second screen is just his first screen, So they must have said his name a lot. Yeah. Oh yeah. You know, well, they would say like, they would say his last name a lot. Where's he from? South Africa. Yeah. Was a battle. Battle. Yeah. It was a Battle of Africa. I'm from South Africa. Alright, good. Hot, Seat. Cool throne, everyone. Let's do the Mount Rushmore of things that are hard to explain. Okay.


Mount Rushmore time. It's brought to you by our friends at Mountain Dew. You see us, we're a camp. This is gonna be the funnest week. We're basically kids again. Mountain Dew. They were wonderful. Sponsor Grit Week as well. You know what we all need to do? We need to get off our ass with bold flavors, refreshing citrus kick. Mountain Dew will get you off your ass and have you feeling like you're an actual mountain. Hank just dropped a couple of the Mountain Dews a mountain where the weather is always perfect. Your friends are ready to hang in a day of epic proportions. Awaits. We're gonna play, I think we're gonna swim. We're gonna be doing some softball. We're gonna do some rock climbing. It's all Mountain Dew. So I've been drinking this Mountain Dew. It is, this is Mountain Dew is one of those sodas where it's like every time I have 'em, like I need to drink more Mountain Dew. I Got the code red right here. No soda. No soda. Changed the game harder than code red When Code Red drop. Well, it was, it was the beginning of V era And they, they changed the game multiple times. Oh, the Baja blast. They changed the game then they changed the game again. Yeah. Hank actually taste tested the, the Baja Blast. Hank invented Baja Blast. Yeah. And they were, they were a powerhouse before they even changed the Game. Yeah, right. They were, they were powerhouse and they changed the game. Then everyone's like, oh, there's a new game. They're like, whoops, we just changed on you again. Code red. Yeah. So thinking to Mountain Dew.


Okay. Mount Rushmore of things that are hard to explain Right now. We are with five Mount Rushmores left Max is already clinched whatever. Congrats. Max 65. Good job, max. Thanks guys. Thanks guys. I have 54, so I'm still in danger. PFT has 47. Hank has 44. Yes, I am. Anybody's game technically. That's cute when you throw that in there. That's nice. Hank If. you If you rattle off the next five going number one. And I pick up a point, I'm screwed. I mean, Hank should have gotten number one last time. I know The voting. How, how do You feel about how Blame you blame the voters? No, I don't Stop the steal. Yeah. On your Mount Rushmore Picks. Yeah. Hank, Hank looked at it.


He was the first vote And. it had a hundred percent for him and then all of a sudden in the middle of the night, they changed all the votes. It's, it's crazy. So are you feeling I feel good. I, I enjoy, I mean, I feel like this is a perfect Mount Rushmore for you because a lot of things are hard to explain for you. Well, There's a lot of material for Hank to work. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm excited. I'm, I'm, I'm blessed to have the opportunity and I'm, I'm looking forward to the end of the season. Okay. You sound like a Belichick. You sound like you're about to retire. No, it's a hard game. It, you know, sometimes, you know, you, you finish a season, you want to get get ready in the off season. Go for next year. And, and I might have to do some thinking after. You gotta circle the wagons right now. Yeah. This is, this is the time where you gotta circle the wagons. Oh, over on the gear up for the playoff push.


Hank's thinking is going to be, wow, I don't have to do this anymore. And then next year he's gonna be like, wait, this is back. Yeah. That's gonna be the extent I think we Should do teams. Like, I don't, I think doing like split up, like, I don't know. It's kinda weird how this was set up next Year. Mount Rushmore, we're just gonna have to do like, we'll have me Max and PFT we'll have all three of my kids. We, we'll just use their picks verse Hank and just see how he does. I should get the first four picks and then you guys go, That's actually not, yeah, that's not a bad idea. Well, I mean, the truth is, Hank you could very easily beat me. It's not like I've been great this mount. No, You got it. You, you're, you're so Much better than me. I'm three points ahead of you.


How, how did the point system work now? 4, 3, 3, 2, 1, 4, 3, 2, 1. Okay. So there's a good chance, Hank, that you could even surpass me this game. That's literally impossible. No, but He You could tie Yeah. Yeah, you could tie good in This game. If, you get four points and I get zero points. No One point. You get one, you get one for just showing up. This is like the SAT. Hank said 4, 3, 2, 1, 0. Yeah. He just, but count that. Here's Fifth place gets zero. That bad Hank's First, first Mount Rush word. Fifth place gets zero. How is Snake Draft works? Okay, what's the order? This is gonna be a trick. It's gonna sitting Out order. It's gonna be max. Me, Big, Cat, Hank. Okay. Because Hank went first last time.


Now we gotta be, we gotta be on He took boobs. Yeah. Feeling boobs. We gotta be, we gotta be smart here because we're zigzagging across the room. We're gonna mess up a thousand percent. Yes. Yes. Alright, so Max, you're up first. I am first Max is like, do you feel, you feel good about like making it not competitive? It's not fun. I mean, it's still competi. Yeah. Where was Competitive last summer? You didn't lemme pick anything last Summer. Yeah. Actually that's a great point. I didn't even realize that, that you had the best Mount Rushmore picker on your team last year. You still lost. Hank was going for one week. I think I got first every time. Yeah. Max. And since you've already clinched, you can, you can open up the book here. How do you go about making your, your relatable selections?


I, I don't know. I just, Meatballs. Meatballs. If. you have a chance Meatball to take meatballs. Take meatballs. Yeah. Just If every other food, the draft is a food draft, like the big boys are gonna eat. Yeah. Okay. Max One. You're still blaming food drafts. We haven't done a food draft in so long. A month And a half. You Took feeling boobs number one Said it like there it's a bad thing to do. Okay. Things that are difficult to explain. First pick the female anatomy. Oh, good Pick including boobs. Yeah. Good pick max. Sure, sure. Female anatomy. That's a good pick. Would you have done that one? One? No, we're at camp. So you just heard over the loudspeaker. We'll probably cut that, but we have announcements. We actually woke up this morning.


Corey was over the loudspeaker waking us up, being like, food is ready. You Said breakfast has been canceled due to lack of hustle. Okay. PFT. That would've been a good quote. Movie quote all, Ah, shoot. My first overall. Hmm. Well you're set. This Is hard. No, my first overall, Hank my personal, he said Is first Overall, Hank shut the fuck up. This is hard. 'cause I've got a lot of different ones on here. I have no idea how Well, I'd hope you'd have a lot of different Ones. I have no idea how to rank 'em though. That's my problem. Go Goofy style. Okay. I'll go goofy style. Yeah, you're, you clenched. Okay. First, overall for me, I'm going to go with how money works.


Ooh, good one. How money works slash finance. Yeah. No idea. No idea. Where, Where does money come from And why is it valuable? What's, I think it's because you say valuable, then I also agree that it's valuable. So it's valuable How money works. Yep. Okay. Big, Cat my pick the universe. So you're taking everything. I I guess the technical pick could be I i having a hard time explaining just what my pick is because it's so confusing. The, the Big bang or are you talking about the Start? No, the, the God. How big. The universe is pretty big. It is so hard to explain.


I watched a video the other day where they zoomed out that will fuck you up. Are you talking for a while? Are you talking about watching the Grateful Dead at the sphere? No. Kind of similar, but it was, yeah, it was like, it showed, it was someone sitting on a beach in California and then zoomed out so that it actually does sound like the sphere zoomed out and then just kept on zooming out and it's like, here's our Milky Way or here's our universe, here's the Milky Way. Then there's millions. And I think They just make that shit up though. I don't know, dude. Yeah. I it's it's do you New universe drops like every other week. But How, like when you ask and who's deciding that, but when you think about it, it does not hurt your brain. I had outer space, so it's like Yeah. Kind of similar. Yeah. It's like how, I guess the technical, the infinite freaks me out. Yeah.


The thinking about something as infinite makes the infinite space of the universe. Well, here's the thing is the universe is not infinite. There's like an end to the universe and it's expand. It's getting bigger. Yeah. but it, It's behind there. See that light years try to explain you things being behind us of us. Right. See, I think this is a good pick because we don't know The universe is, is it's finite, but it's getting bigger. Yeah. And. It looks like me during football season. Yes. And there might also be multiple other universes. Got it. And in other universes, We're we, are we, Milky Way is a galaxy. And then that's in a What? Milky Way is a candy bar In What, what is Milky Way in My pantry? No, Milky Way is is a galaxy that's in the universe.


But I think the Milky Way galaxy is part of a cluster of galaxies. Yeah. In the, and then there's another like, and that's all a cluster. And there's another cluster and there's like, this is just one of those things that If, you don't think that there's other life somewhere. You're Crazy. You're crazy. Okay. Did you have that on there, Hank? Nope. Oh, so you got it down pat. Yeah. I mean, I don't, who knows if it even exists. This might not exist. Simulation. I will go with sight to a blind person. Mm. Okay. Have you been doing that recently? Have you ever tried to do that? No. Have you?


I've been with blind people and tried to explain. I've had moments where I've said things out loud and 'em been like, oh, you don't have no idea what I'm talking about. That's kind of mean. Yeah. Well, No, I know. It's like you were like, like What were you explaining? You're like, oh, look at that blind Mike. Look at those Boobs. No. Like we, like we had a kid in our old office in, in Boston that was like, he could kind of see, but not really. And then I was explaining Blind Mike po project.net. Yeah. And I was telling him the story and I shout out, have no idea what I'm saying. 'cause you can't really see. You're like, I, Mike, I totally dunked missed it. And then I will go with the taste of water. Mm. Okay. All right. Good pick.


Yeah. What does water pick taste like? You tell me. Life. Explain it to me. Tastes Like life tastes clean. What's Clean? I don't, I don't know what the taste of water is. Well, different water. The, honestly, the freakiest thing I ever saw a human do was Jeff D. Lowe taking five different types of water from five different bottled water companies. And then we wrote the names of him on the bottom of the cups. And he went blindly and took five for five just on taste alone. And then he did it again. That's insane. Yeah. He is a freak. Yeah, he is a freak. Okay. My pick. Hmm? Is it? Yeah.


I don't know. That's a good bit. I don't, I I can never explain or I, I mean, I don't know how it works. Big airplanes, how they fly. I don't get it. Mm. I'll never get it. Frost is all people say The pilots don't even know. Dude, I saw there was a, a picture where like, it was all the fuel that's in a 7 47. It's all in the wings and it's like so much fuel. I don't get how they get that in the air. Yeah. It takes like, I don't know, 45 minutes, an hour sometimes just to put all that fuel into the plane. Fucking Crazy. Same thing with with like aircraft carriers. Yeah. How they float. Yeah. That's a pick you could take. Yeah, I could take that.


Yeah. I did read a, a thread about that the other day and everyone was just like, water displacement. I was like, okay, what does that mean? If the, if the space of the ship moves out water that is heavier than that space, the ship is, I don't know. Understand. Don't understand. Never will understand that. Okay. Just say magic. Yeah. Planes fly. Yeah. Magically. Is it my turn Hank? Yes It is. Okay. My second pick. I'm going to take the rules of craps. Mm. Okay. I've, I've had the rules of craps explained to me probably 10 or 11 times in my life. I've forgotten them 10 or 11 times in my life.


I've played craps. I had Do you think that's just 'cause you were drunk? Yes. Yes. I was definitely drunk. But that's not the point, Hank. The point is it's hard to explain. And it. And it's harder to understand. Yes. Well, yeah. It's, well, it's always in the setting of being drunk or Mostly it's that hard to explain. They wouldn't put it in every casino and you know, the world. But the good fair counterpoint. Pick fair counterpoint. A lot of people play craps. Yeah. That's a good pick. A lot of people do, but they're all drunk. And they all just had the rules explained to them that night. And, the next day they, you ever go to a crap stable in the morning? There's nobody there. 'cause nobody knows how to play in the morning. True, true. Okay, max. He's probably gonna have like, some awesome pick right now. I'm gonna go with the NFL cap.


Yep. That's a good one. Good pick. I think Max's key is that he also picks things that are less words. Yeah. So the graphic always is bigger. Yeah. Yeah. Meatballs, boobs. It's Simple. System place. It's, it's, I I have a simple mind, simple brain, simple graphic. Okay. Simple. Mind, brain. We going off of that one word. We've talked about it on this show, I think. Are you Going one word? Yep. Calculus. Oh, this high. I had it on my list. Hand up. I actually don't know what calculus is. Nope. No idea. I Just, I just know it's the math that comes with the most expensive books That, well, I've, we've said it before.


I've never even met calculus. No. No one's even shown me a calculus. Goodwill Hunting. That's as close as I came to. Calculus Calculator is about as close as I've gotten to Calculus. Yes. You like I No, you could show me any, you could show me a math formula. I wouldn't be able to tell you if it's calculus or just two plus two. Yeah. A squared plus B squared equals C squared. That's j that's just Y equals mx plus plus B. Yeah, I'm just saying letters. Those are equations. Yeah, they are. Okay. I feel like calculus is one of those things that smart people made up. They just invented a puzzle for themselves to teach other smart people so they could all feel smart. Yeah. Oh, it, it's PFT. Sorry. Oh, what? It's not Hank Stern.


It's Pft stern. No. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. We got lost. I was wrong. We got lost in the snake. I was wrong. I'm going to go with Hmm. Good pick. This is very difficult for me. What a catches. Yep. In football. Yep. Okay. No one knows. We still know, know how No One knows That Is true. And they change it all the time. That's good. Pick. That's good. Pick. I had a football, wanted two foot football ones. Hmm. Kind. Wanna do one of 'em. Yeah. You know what, I'll do one of 'em. It's hard to explain why Matt LaFleur kicked a field goal down eight.


It is. It's really hard to Explain that. Well, no, it's, it's easy to explain. It's really fucking hard to explain that. It's very easy to explain. He, he just got dumb for a second, had a brain fart. It, it sucks That I hate, I like Matt LaFleur as a guy because obviously I hate the team he coaches for, but we really have kind of tortured him. Yeah. Well, it's outta love because he's, he's not gonna make that mistake again. If You. If he makes that mistake again, then I don't, I Would actually respect it. Yeah. If he was just like, I, if he was just like, you know what? I want to give the PMT guys a little more fodder. Yeah. Okay. Hank, you have two picks. I do have two picks. I have three Choices. You have three choices in two picks.


You wanna sound 'em out? You want us? Do you want to you we'll do a group help. You wanna say all three and we'll pick your best Two. I got my fourth. I'm, I'm, we can't do that. We, he's Still Competing with Wait, how did your fourth And not your It's not Over. This is the codling of Hank that I talk about. Yeah. Hank gets, no, this is co. Yeah. Yeah. We're coddling. Hank, I didn't ask you to do this. Big Cat just said It. I was codd hank. Yeah. He was coddling you. And Then he also will be like, honestly disrespectful. Oh, well I could still lose You do do that. Like it I could technically, mathematically, Mathematically I could Do you say you've clinched If. you haven't mathematically clinched. But If you're, if you're the second night If, you If you competing, then why are you also coddling? But If, you do wanna sign out. I'm down.


I'm, because you're, you're, you're so bad at this And. it it like ruins. But I can still beat you. That's where it's like, what, which one is it? If I'm so bad at this? Why are you worried? I Fuck, fuck off. Hank. You suck at this and you're a little bitch all the time. Mount Rushmore season. All right, I'm gonna go with your bad. Pick your dreams. Bad pick. No, I think you're mistaking that with like the lamest things to Explain. Yeah. Yeah. That was a bad pick. That was legit. A bad pick. Things. Your dreams are very easy to explain. You're either, yeah, my teeth fell out or I almost had sex. Yeah. There's no one wants to hear you explain your dreams. Yeah. That's it. Because If I'm about to have sex in my dream, I'm definitely telling myself like, wait, this is definitely a dream. And then I'm gonna go, well, are you gonna, Are you gonna back your Your pickup? No. 'cause you guys are gonna say that no matter what.


No, no. We're being honest. The your dreams are, no one wants to hear you. Explain your dreams. Explain your Dreams. Make, make perfect sense. Why? Why one of the best movies of all time, you know Christopher Nolan inception. And it's basically the whole concept is how like, you know, everyone should Taking the Plot, deception, dreams. And then you wake up the next day and it's like you, you kind of remember some details, but you can't, and then you wake up and say, I it's explain. I had The plot of inception would've been very that exactly. Or these are stellar. Yes. Christopher. So that's why I explain my pictures. You're just gonna tear it down. I don't give a sh I don't care. Well, I'm not codling you. Im gonna go with VM V Explaining jar is easy. VR Also VR Also easy to explain. Also easy. It's basically just like challenging in football.


The camera, the camera Arm, the camera gets you pick one of like the most popular casino games in the history of the world. Yeah. Ve been playing since like the 15 hundreds. Hank Hank, could you explain it to me? Yeah. It's a game on a table. There's rules. I know play craps, but it's like, if it's hard to explain, why does everyone rules of craps? Explain to me your dreams. Okay. So sometimes my teeth fall out in my dreams and that's when you turn your brain off and you don, That's when VR Okay. That's when the video does the robot thing and gets it right. What's the robot thing? How's the robot thing Work? It's the eye in the sky. Hawkeye technology. What is like the rule though? Like what are they? There's cameras. What are they determining? 1984. There's cameras everywhere. Got it. They pick everything up.


Good. Thanks. That was really helpful. I get it. Now You know exactly what VAR Is. I what is it When a camera that tells you if it's a goal or not. How does it determine it? Because It's a camera Is a camera like ai, like it's sentient. It's a camera that can see you on the field and know when the ball crossed the line. Interesting. Yeah. I'm confused though. But that's, I guess it's really easy. Well, you, you must be pretty dumb. Yeah, I definitely am. Piece of shit. That was nice. That was nice. I liked it. I liked that. I enjoyed that. I Like how Big Cat and I just kind of tapped out and let you guys go At, I just go at it for a little 2, 2, 2 2 Gladiators in The ring.


Hank and I are locked in a battle for last place. Well, I'm almost also, the gloves are off. What are you typing? Who are you typing to? What are You typing? He's, He's Googly craft. You're looking up crafts rules because you don Dunno. No, I'm looking up. I'm looking up Big. Cat ask, talking about Var. Oh, I mean VR is just, yeah, it's easy. It's very easy. What are you looking up Hank? Nothing honorable Mentions. Well, I always still got pickling. I still, I guess Big. You just don't want us to pick. Oh, I forgot. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. My last pick.


I Gotta get a good one. I screw up my last picks every time. Oh, internet jokes slash memes to non-internet people. Yeah. Like when we were talking about very hard AJ and Big Justice the other day. Yes. Yes. Exactly. And we realized very quickly, this is a conversation that needs to stay between a man and and scream And the internet. Yeah. 'cause it like, If, you just go out of, there's a lot of people, a lot of people listening to this right now who don't have Twitter, Instagram. They're not like just scrolling all day like we are. And then when you have a conversation with them, it's, I had one where I explain, I had to explain to people Big Mike.


Yeah, So. if you know who Big Mike is, you know who Big Mike is. And people are like, what are you talking about? I was like, yeah, no, it's a, it's a big thing. Big Mike. Okay. Mine's actually kind of similar to that. Wait. Oh. What? You're not up man. Ah, fuck. Oh, damn. We Get Hank, Hank is tapped out. By the way, anyone who's listening to PardonMyTake my teak for the first time, this is when Hank taps out. I'm thinking about getting real political. My last pick here. Thanks Hank. I appreciate real political. I liked Your dream pick. I just had to shit on It. I think dreams are are very easy to, he's not, He's not giving me eye contact. Okay. So for my last one, I'm gonna take wind.


Mm. Good pick. Yeah. That's A good pick. Break it down. Hank the Earth. Yeah. Yeah. Tell me about wind. It's pretty easy. We're spinning really Fast. Yeah. So, so wind only. It always comes in one direction. Yeah. Fuck. Wind was a bad pick. Actually. No, I don't, I don't Think it was. I think I think wind's. It's not gonna look good. Wind doesn't pop. Wind. Wind probably doesn't pop. It doesn't pop. Max probably has something that's gonna Pop. Yeah, it's gonna pop big Time. I do have one that could pop, but I'm gonna, I'm gonna go more niche because it's 'cause you're just running up the score on us. Yeah. Basically. So I'm just gonna go with our job to someone who doesn't, who doesn't know Barto Good one. Yeah. I had good one.


but it what a podcast Is, I mean, that's not gonna look good on a, on a graphic because it's literally only hard for us to explain. And it's also people voting know what barsol is. Correct. Yeah. But, But you can just say you, I just, I just say like, if someone, if I don't wanna have the conversation, I just say I do like, or not anymore, but I'll say, I still say it to get outta the conversation. Like just, you know, video production, video and audio production. You Well, but that we, we say When like, oh yeah. Like there's a little, you know, like we just do some stuff. Try to explain what we're doing like this Now this, this week To someone who like doesn't understand. But why would you be explaining that? Like why would they be like, people ask What you do. And then I'm like, like a podcast. And they say like, oh, as like a hobby.


Yeah. And I'm like, no, I actually make money. They're like, how Hank's just trying to, for other people's picks to be bad. Yeah. There's nothing more. No, I, I mean that's a, that a bad pick on the ground video. but it it's, it's pretty easy. Right. Easy to be like, oh yeah. Do like video and audio production. I'm like, oh yeah. You know, like, you know the pizza guy. Like Yeah. There's nothing more embarrassing than The pizza guy. Yeah. You know, pizza. I just basically say, you know, miss Peaches, I work for her daddy. Yeah. I miss Peaches assistant. And they're like, oh yeah, that makes Sense. Writing down podcast or on occupation on like a, a customs form. Dude coming into the United States is tough. A customs form. How about like a fucking elementary school form for your kid? That's the worst. I'm just like s Smart blogger slash podcast.


Yeah. You're like, I'm a podcaster. They're like, free lunch then. Yeah. Okay. What Honorable mentions Hank A color. Is that what you were gonna decide between Yeah. Actually that would've been better. Would've been an awesome pick Than dreams. Yeah. I I'm not gonna let you Switch. That might even because We're Competitive wind. Okay. I know. I was gonna say the afterlife. That was gonna be my one That would pop death. That would pop on. Yeah. Death. Death to a child. Yeah. How babies get made to a child. I had, this one was a niche one, but trying to explain to someone that you can't dunk from a free, the free throw line while shooting a free throw. Impossible. It's really hard to do. I had that. You can't tackle the quarterback playing tackle football.


Yep. Rules of baseball. Yeah. I had batting average. Yep. New kickoff rules. Taxes. Wait, batting average is batting Average is so easy. Yeah. Batt average Is easy. Which explain it to me. What It's, you If you bat 10 times amount and you get three Hits. You understand Fractions in seven outs. You get, you're batting 300. Isn't there more to it than that? No, no. You're thinking of like If. you Don Walk. It doesn't count as a war. War would be good. Yeah. You think about, I'm gonna pitch 10 balls to you and If. you get three hits. Your batting average would be 300. I'm thinking of slugging. He'd Have to get on base. Slugging is still pretty easy. Yeah. It it's more like war Hits. Well, yeah. Yeah. You have to get a hit to get on base hits Slugging you three basis hits per App.


Bat hits. Well, I'm glad I didn't take batting every Yeah. That would've been a Horrible, horrible, That would've been one of the worst Points when, when, when Hank says, do not understand fractions. That's how you know that you fucked up. That Here's one that I was trying to, I was thinking about and I was, I think there's something there, but it'd be hard to, but it it, it's hard to explain to people that you're not triggered online. 'cause the minute you say you're not triggered online, you're triggered Online. I'm not owned. Yeah. Right. So it's by definition. It's hard to explain it. 'cause people are like, yeah, you are, you're responding to me right now. Yeah. I had taxes Explaining emotions via text. Yeah. Emojis. That's What they're No, but like, if someone would be like, oh, like you're mad and it's like, I just sent, like, I sent a text message with no, there's no emotions to the sex message.


Trying to, It's deciding that. Well, that's specifically you. What do you mean you give Off? Multiple people have told you that you give off asshole vibes over text. I just give short answers. Yes. Yeah. You Do I think that's you. So this, This is like, Someone asks a question, like Yes. And they'll be like, why were you mad? Yeah. You go, You say Yes. Period Though. No, I don't. Yeah, you do you think I'm adding extra, extra grammar? No, that's True. It's a good point. I, I did have the plot to interstellar. No, people just decide like, but Hank just, Yeah. You're, you're you, you're a big Okay. Yes. Guy. Oh okay. Is one that's like Big time. Okay guy, Hey, We're going to do this. Okay. But you could be like, yeah, that's fine. Yeah. Or like, that's, That's If you like say a sentence.


No, this is Getting Hank can can't exist Means to No, no, no. ET If I said to you like, Hey, let's, or If you said to me like, Hey, the plan today is we're gonna do this, this, and this. I just write back. Okay. That does feel a different vibe. It does that good. Hundred percent does Sounds or Okay. Is different. Yeah. No, It's, that sounds, Yeah. Sounds great. We're right. Yeah. Okay. Yes. We could, we could pull every single person at this company and everyone would be like, yeah, I don't know if Hank likes me over text Replying just, okay. Definitely gives a vibe of like, okay, fine. You know what, Hank's, okay, fine. Yes. That's No you, I I said it though, but like that's, You're deciding that that's what watch.


All right. Tell me the plan today You're gonna do the yak that we're gonna draft teams for Camp Barcel. Then we're gonna do the first field day stream activity for Mountain Dew. Okay. Yeah. If. you said it like that loud. That's how You say it. Or say it again? Say it again. We're Gonna do the yak. We're gonna draft teams. We're gonna do The That sounds great. Exclamation point. Yeah. That would be that you're sarcastic. Fuck off. Hank. You seem like the kind of guy that would put the dot.like two periods after. Okay. Okay. Dot dot. No, you're basically rolling your eyes at me. I, it's, it's texting is a means to an end. Alright. Other honorable mentions. I Had a lot of honorable mentions. I probably should have taken. I had, Trying to explain that you went to the strip club, but you didn't get a lap dance or go to the back room.


You just went there with the guys. Why? But other people did. Why you liked an Instagram post. Well that one's pretty easy. It was just LeBron big hits. Big hits. Yeah. Artificial intelligence. Yep. Black holes That you're not paranoid. They're just out to get you. Very hard thing to explain. Really, really hard thing to explain to people Love. Yep. The number zero. Yep. What about that? The CIA is behind a lot of shit. Well, yeah, that's, you just said it though. Yeah, but like I, what I just said, I said a lot of shit. It's more than that. I actually think the behind so much shit that they're behind the idea.


Right. That the CCIA is behind everything. So now you think the CIA is super powerful, right? That the Bears have never had a 4,000 yard passer in over a hundred years of playing. You know, Jason Campbell almost had that. Yeah. Cutler got, was close and he got hurt. I almost said Ben Mintz. Yeah. Oh, that's a good one. Magnets. Yep. How do they work? Magnets? Yeah. Rico Bosco would be another one I had Both of them on. Yeah. Hard To explain. Those are the two, those are the two Barcel employees I had on my list How Pete Carroll didn't run with Marshawn on the one yard line. Tough To explain. It's Very hard to explain. Very hard to explain. Could pick there. The new kickoff rules. Yep. You said that like four times.


Oh man. You have, am I wrong? You wanna explain 'em? No, I'm saying I just, you, you clearly don't want understand that. What if after you clinch Big Cat, we just let them go model. Yes. Yes. I think that would be, if I clin say we'll go mono, we'll just do our honor mentions after we do Yeah. We'll do a post hell in the cell. Right. Put in an actual cell in a gulag. Put him in the gula. It's like a post credit scene. Yep. For, for, for every part of I Take in the fall, they should have to pick eight. Yes. Oh, that would be fun. Oh. But I don't know if Hank can, you can't stretch. Hank is, Hank is like a shitty middle reliever. He can maybe give you one and two thirds innings. If, you make him stretch out to five innings.


No way. Although color was, and funny. I could still beat you. Yeah, you can color. You should have picked color. Color was a great pick. Color was A great Color. Could have been one. One. Yeah, I'm sure. Yeah. I always, This is dumb one on my mind. My honorable mentions are usually better than my picks. Yeah. The way she goes. Okay. Any others? Any other honorable mentions? Time zones. Time zones. China only having one time zone is crazy. That is wild. It blows my mind every time I see it. Yep. They have one time zone Max. Why, why doesn't the world just have one time zone Max, can you answer me that? They only have one time zone Because then people would be like sleeping at Yeah.


But that it's just like season. So you could say like, noon here in the United States is midnight in Hong Kong. That sounds like that sucks. They just know that noon is nighttime. That, That sounds terrible. It's just one o'clock for everybody. Max. I'm looking at the, at like a globe of time Zones right now. Yeah. China has one time zone because 97% of China is all lives like on the east side. Got It. But there's people who live all the way out there. Borders. Yeah. They get screwed. Tibet. They're just absolutely screwed by the time zones. Free Tibet. Russia has 11. How does Russia have 11? And and China has one. Well, China has more, but they just said we only have one. We Okay.


They they only acknowledged, They only acknowledged one. It's like If. you built an entire country out of Arizona. Yeah. I thought this was one of those like Atlanta is closer to, you know, The other weird one that I saw the other day is Spain is the same. Spain is the same time zone, I think is like Germany or something. There's something weird with that where they're like flopped. There's just weird time zones. I think Spain in World War ii, the Spanish government wanted to align closer to Germany. They, they took their time zone. Yeah. So Spain is like, you know, you know where Spain is on a map? It's right underneath France. Yeah. And they have different time zones. That's a try hard move on Spain's part. Yeah. It's a cuck move. Yeah. It's like, Hey guys, look At us. You're taking another man's time zone.


Exactly. Yeah. It's ridiculous. Okay. Good job guys. Good. Mount Rushmore. Yeah. Mount Rushmore. Good vibes all around. It's one of those things I, I love whenever we have a, a big interview 'cause we're about to get to Caleb Williams and, and maybe some new fans and they listen to that. Yep. And they're like, I had a friend text me. He was listening to the Mount Rushmore of Cheese and with his wife in the car. Wait, Mount Rushmore of yellow or yellow? Yellow, yellow. He's making us listen to Pardon My Take, where they're arguing over yellow foods and whether certain foods are yellow or gold. Pure gold is a rich orange, yellow color. It's been going on for 15 minutes.


The freshest pasta is always yellow. It's still going. That's a great one. That is Good. Yeah. I just got a, a text from a random number. Hello? Are you Lisa? Mm. I think I have to be Lisa. No, this is a scam. This is a Scam. Scam. Don't I'm Every one of knows is a scam. I'm Yes, Lisa. Yeah, it's Lisa. I like How you know it's a scam and you're, and you're still, I'm gonna scam them right back. It's Lisa. All right. PFT. Let's do that A and then we'll get to Caleb Williams.


Before we get to Caleb Williams brought to you by our great friends over at Mountain Dew. We're here at Camp Barstool. You know what we all need to get more of off our ass with bold flavors and refreshing citrus kick. Mountain Dew will get you off your ass. Have you feeling like you're on an actual mountain? I've got my code red right here. I love code. Red code Red's delicious. Baja Blast is great. Zero sugar is great. Original is great. Live wire also good. They're all good. Mountain Dew is incredible. Mountain Dew makes you feel like you're on a mountain where the weather is always perfect. Your friends are always ready to hang. And a day of epic proportions. Awaits Mountain Dew is the best. When we're outside, we're gonna be tossing a Frisbee round. We're gonna gonna be playing some games, maybe some lake games, water sports, video games, even kickball, Frisbee, golf, wiffle Ball, pickleball, you name it. Mountain Dew makes everything be better. The mountain is calling. You should answer. Grab your friends, grab an ice cold Mountain Dew, wherever refreshing beverages are sold. And do the do.


And now here is Chicago Bears quarterback. Caleb Williams. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very special guest. It is QB one of the Chicago Bears Caleb Williams Heisman Trophy winner. First of all, Caleb, thank you for joining us. I was very close to saying savior of the franchise, but I'm not gonna put that on you. How's camp going? Let's start with that. It's Good. Camp is, camp is good. The defense has been, the defense has been challenging me throughout Camp OTAs, all of that. So it's been great. You know, offense, we've been, we've been starting to pick it up and it's been fun. Okay.


Yeah. How's it been having the, the hard knocks cameras around? Yeah. You don't really notice 'em. They do it. They do a pretty good job. Other than the times when, you know, you're having, you're having talks and you're like, oh, I gotta a boom mic above my head. But other than that, you know, it's, they've been great. Did you watch week one of Hard docks? I Watched the beginning. I haven't gotten back to it. I watched the, heard the, the Bulls, the Bulls introduction was, was, was happening. So I went and watched that part. And then one of the nights I had to, I had to go to sleep. There's Some good slowmo shots of the spirals. Yeah. Yeah. That's what, that's what we tuned in for. Okay. We tune in for the sprinklers going on. We tune in for the spirals. Yeah. Yeah. They, they might've gotten mad at me or not mad at me.


They, they made fun of me because I got triggered because I thought they weren't showing enough touchdown passes. Okay. So I was defending you. I was like, let's appreciate, let's get some more highlights going. Yeah. Hopefully This, I think the next episode comes out in a few days. Yeah. Yeah. Hopefully in the next episode we got a few more spirals and touchdowns in there. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, you're, you're obviously a very confident guy. Has the transition. Obviously we haven't started the regular season, but the transition to the NFL been what you kind of expected. Yeah. I mean, I knew it was gonna be challenging. I knew it was a offensive wise, I knew it was a new language for me, A new, you know, way of doing things. And so just understanding my situation, understanding that the guys are, you know, they're gonna push me coaches, the players, and then they're also gonna be gracious with me.


Learn that throughout this process. And so now just picking up the speed, you know, getting better with things, processing things a lot faster, checks, alerts, all of that. So it's been great. It's been fun. It's been challenging. But the transition wise, you know, I've, I've had to move a couple times, whether it was transfer from Oklahoma to, to USC or all of that stuff. And so yeah. It's been, it's been, it's been a normal transition. I feel like people kind of memory hold the whole Oklahoma part of your career because, you know, you, you were obviously the number one pick for two years. Yep. Which, that's tough because people are gonna poke holes in everything. Yep. But you went to Oklahoma, you weren't the starter. And then you won the starting job halfway through the year.


And everything I've read, it was like the minute you showed up, there was a story about how at 6:00 AM they wouldn't let freshmen lift. Yeah. But you basically forced your way in there. Yeah. Is that just been your mindset from, from the beginning? Like, even if they don't let me come in here, I'm gonna go compete. Yeah. I would say my, my mindset has always been, you know, compete ever since I started, you know, ever since I really switched to the position of quarterback around 10 years old, I understood that I may have started later than most QBs at that time. 'cause a lot of QBs in my class have been QBs for their whole life. And so I switched to that and I just was competing verse people. I mean, somebody that I was competing verse and, and training, just working out, working hard and not actually like QB training was like Blake Korum.


And he is an unbelievable, like his work ethic and all of that is, is unbelievable. So, you know, just, just getting in there competing versus people that, that are older than me. Bigger, faster, stronger. And then, you know, when I get to those positions that I've been in with Oklahoma in high school, all those other po you know, positions that I've been in, just go out there, compete, work my tail off and, and, and get after it. Yeah. I mean, I wanted to bring up, because winning the job as a freshman with a starter in place, that's a dog mentality. Yeah. But then you go to USC and everyone's like, oh, LA Soft. Yeah. You know, there's a whole perception there. Yeah. But I just wanna remind people, I'm an East coast kid. You, you won it. Yeah. And you won that starting job as a freshman.


Yep. Yeah. So the story about you deciding I'm gonna be a quarterback now. Yeah. You're playing defense, right? Yeah. Was playing 10 years old. I was a runback and linebacker, a little bit of safety. And then we lost a game lost FBU game, which is, I think y'all know what FBU is? No. So it's basically like a all-star team from each, each region. Okay. So they have and, and, and state and things like that. So they, for us, they had a couple different, 'cause DMV, we kind of bunch everybody together, so, so it was, it was FBU Maryland National Team team. And we went down, we were whooping up on a bunch of teams. We lost to actually Harrison Bailey, I think he just left UNLV. He's a quarterback there.


But we lost to him. And I didn't like the way we were playing. We were playing kind of daddy ball with the, the, the, the, the coach and the QB on our team. And I switched and my kind of thing was spread the ball around everybody go win games and, and, and, you know, be, be big. Be a big reason why. So you're 10 years old and you decide I'm gonna be a quarterback now. Yeah. And that was, was that a complete lifestyle change for you? It was more of, I was probably, yeah, because I went, I went more into like, all right, like I already decided what I'm gonna do. And then I, you know, my dad and Godfather and all those people kind of put together a plan and from training to eating to, you know, when I wake up and things like that. That's incredible.


So you're 10 years old and you're like, this is my plan to be in the NFL. 'cause I did the, I had a plan to be in the NBA when I was 10 years old. Didn't really work out. Like, do you ever think back, like, we set ourselves to do something at 10 years old and now we're here. That's Nuts. Yeah, it's nuts. I, I do think about it and I don't, I don't know if I'm gonna classify it as nuts in a way. Like it's, it's, it's to tell, I don't really know the exact word, but, you know, I expected myself to be here. but it is, it is crazy. I wake up every day and I'm like, I'm here. It's, it's gotta feel like a superpower that you were able, 'cause like we, we were joking about it. There was a draft story when the draft happened. Like someone, there was a story about some kid wrote down when he was like, eight, I'm gonna be in the NFL draft.


And we were joking like every 8-year-old writes that had The same thing. Yeah, yeah. There's I certain that every day. But there's only a few guys that get drafted. So to see that and have that plan, at what point in, in that plan, like what age were you like, okay, this plan's actually like this is happening? Yeah, it's probably, it was probably after I started training and getting after probably two years after I started training is when I was like, okay, this is actually, you know, it's gonna happen. Can't happen. You know, that's when I started getting to, what was I, I was probably seventh grade and then I hit eighth grade. So around ninth grade is when I was like, this can, this can really happen. 'cause I started getting out there playing with guys that were older than me.


All the training was kind of, you know, working and things like that. So kept all that going and then started getting some offers. Played, well, first year of, of high school. And then the offers and everything started climbing. Confidence kept, kept rising, growing because of the, the work that I kept putting in and was putting in before, before high school and things Like that. Yeah. I would, I I want to, I read a story about when you were 16, you broke your offensive coordinator's wedding ring. Sure. I would imagine that was also a moment that you were like, oh shit, I gotta cannon. Yeah. So he, he, he, his wife always told him, don't, don't, you know, catch footballs with the red wedding ring on wedding band. And he was, he didn't, didn't listen.


And then one day his hands started bleeding. He looks at it and he was trying to figure out what happened. And then I realized that it was, it was cracked a little bit. And. it was pinching his skin. So come your, That home record. Yeah. She was like, what the hell is up With this homewrecker? For Sure. Yes. I read that, that you had, you ate the same meal every day for like four years. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's eggs, eggs with ham in it. And then I'd have a, a ensure in my vitamins. And how old were you when you started doing this? 10. So that's when everything started. So not buffalo wings and ice cream. Not buffalo wings and ice cream. Cream. And what about candy? Are you a candy guy? I love candy actually. All Right. Everyone has to have advice, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's my, that's my vice.


Not big into all the other stuff or, or do any of that stuff. And so candy was my, candy was my getaway. Yeah. I that and video games, Video. I like that. Yeah. I'm a big food guy myself. And if I, if I had seen Coach Riley's brisket before I went to Oklahoma, I would never have gone. That thing Is so It was actually pretty good though. It was, it was pretty good. It was pretty good what He did. You're just saying that because he's your coach? No, No, no, no, no. We, we give him, we give, we give Coach Riley some shit. Yeah. But, but it was actually pretty good. It was a bad picture. But that wasn't the one we ate. We ate one that he, another one that he cooked. And. it was, it was, it looked good. He violated rule number one of the internet, which is don't post a picture Of your meat. Don't picture that. Yeah. Ever. Never put your meat online, ever. People are gonna roast it.


Don't Put your meat online. It's gonna be a problem. Yeah. Yeah. Number one rule, don't put your meat online. So you, so your transfer from Oklahoma to USCI have a, a very specific question that is gonna make me feel like a fool. I went to Wisconsin. Okay. There was, yeah. The Wisconsin story of the rumors and stuff. Was there any truth to it ever? So my best friend and his dad, so what Dean Ingram was at Wisconsin. Right. And, and his dad was a coach. And so we reached out to them. We were trying to just, you know, get the vibe and, and and, and see what was going on, how it was up there or whatever, or over there and all of that. And, and, you know, somehow it caught, it caught wind that I was, you know, in contact with them, which I'm, I'm, I'm consistently in contact with, with those two.


'cause I've, I've grown up with them. So, but somehow Col win and, and And, it blew up on Instagram, but it wasn't like, it wasn't too huge. I didn't, So it was never really Close. It was never too, yeah. It wasn't, it wasn't too crazy too. Was there any like Badger fans, like DMing you stuff? Yeah, there were a lot of Badger fans. Any like 37 year olds. DMing a 20-year-old being like, Hey, we could sell a lot of T-shirts. Probably. Probably. Yeah. I did that. Yeah. It was pretty embarrassing for me. Sure. Yeah. Especially because in my heart of hearts, I was like, he's never gonna go to Wisconsin. Yeah. But I still shot off a couple dms being like, dude, we could sell some T-shirts. Yeah. Yeah. No, it, I felt a little short of And. It felt, yeah. It felt a little short. It wasn't, I don't think it was gonna happen in the end, but much respect to the badge of fans for Shooting.


Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You tried. Yeah, I tried, I tried my best. And I feel, I just wanna say It's always the best thing to Do I For the record. I felt weird DMing you out of the blue, being like, Hey man, you should come to Wisconsin. We could sell like over a hundred T-shirts. Yeah. It was a low point, but I was trying anything. That's all right. But now you're here. So now I'm, we're here. Yeah, we're here. So, so I'm excited. The Do you, I, I've seen your quotes, but you, you're basically like, listen, the history, the past is the past. Yeah. I'm here to be myself. Has anyone explained to you the history of Chicago Bears quarterbacks? I just know that there's never been, it's not been great. Three th or 4,000 and a 30 plus touchdown pass and things like that.


It's an insult meme that goes around. Yeah, I See all time. I always see the, the edits of like all 31. Yeah. And then there's Chicago. Yeah. So I think you gotta change that. Yeah. Get ready to do it. We'll, we'll try and change that. We got the guys to do it. I saw when you had the quote like, my job is to rewrite history. And people were like, oh, he is so cocky. I was like, no, it, it actually shouldn't be that hard. My Cha that is macha. They brought me here for Reasons. Yeah, yeah. Because if they had people like Aaron Rogers or anything like that, I mean, yeah. It wouldn't be the, it wouldn't be, well Not him. He's, Yeah. Sorry. That's okay. That's, he's with the Jess now, so it doesn't Really Yeah. We don't care anymore. Yeah. You're a big, But you had people, you know, like that and, and in a history, in a, in a lineage Yeah.


Of, of QBs that were, were ripping it up in this later stage of, of of, of the NFL where, you know, were thrown at 30 times a game then, you know, that'd be the case. but it hasn't been the case. And you know, they obviously bring To Rewrite history. They obviously bring people in like Keenan and DJ and myself and, you know, all the offensive linemen, d-line people to change history. Do you, do you ever, like, what's the line between cocky and confidence? Because I feel like you get accused of being cocky when it's everything. I've read all the stories, it's like, no, he's just supremely confident in himself, which, why wouldn't you want a guy Yeah. Who's confident in himself. Yeah. I think the difference is is, is knowing yourself. I also think the difference is, is it's the people around you, you know, and how hard you work.


I think those are the, the three, three biggest things. And I think the biggest part is, is the people around you. And, and the second one is probably how hard you work. And I say that one first because the people around you, you gotta have the right people around you to tell you when it's time to, all right. Like, you know, you're pushing a little bit, you're doing this and that. Like, you know, you have people around you as, as no people as, as they say, and, and, and not yes men and yes women. So having people around me like that and then getting after it, I'm always, you know, hard work always builds confidence and hard work always pays off. It always, you know, at the end of it gives you a Yeah. You know, a check mark. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm glad that you're post draft because leading up to the draft Yeah.


It felt like that that took a long time to get there. There were all, you know, a lot of bullshit out there. There were a lot of, Yeah, there's a lot, there was a lot of, lot of bullshit Out the anonymous scouts. You had one scout or I think it was a GM compared to you, to Prince. But like that's, it's an compliment Is the greatest. He, When we saw, I Was just, I don't get that one. Just because I, yeah. He picked the worst. Like was like, wait, he's gonna be the prince of quarterbacks. Sign me up. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, I actually saw that. Yeah. I actually think I saw you say it popped up on my explore page or something. Yeah. I didn't, I I mean it was a lot of, lot of bullshit on Yeah. I'm beening you even before, it's The nicest thing that you can say, I Didn't mind compared to Prince. 'cause he's, It's a great compliment. You're gonna, you're gonna change your name to just the Lombardi trophy.


Yeah. At Some point, if someone said we were the Prince of Podcasters, I'd be like, awesome. Yeah. The revolution. That's incredible. Absolutely. So was there ever a moment though, where the stories were get, I mean, at one point, like, Kale Wants to own the Bears. Yeah. I mean, I and I trolled a little bit. Yeah. I mean, I was bored. I had so much free time. I was just chilling in my room or working out and so it was just like, I'm gonna, you know, step in every once in a while and just kind of say a, a few, I like that. Mix it up a little bit. You should mix it up. You, you had one of our coworkers, you made them change their profile picture. I did. Oh, his name Jack. Yeah, Jack. You just replied to him. You're like, your profile picture's crazy. And then he changed it. The inter, he just like, I didn't that it was a kill shot. The interaction. It was the, the Well, he Always, he always, I've actually, since high school, he's, he's, he's responded to a couple of my stuff.


So I was, I was joking with him. Yeah. Yeah. He was the cell phone. He's big football fan. The pink cell phone. At, at, you were watching Juju play. I Actually do not. I think my cell phone's over there. Yeah. Is it still pink? No. I actually broke my pink cell phone. Oh. On accident. So, So what are we doing? So I, I have to get a new one, actually. A new pink one right now. It's black. Yeah. I'm trying to get a new pink one. Okay. Yeah. The phone was pink though. Everything else was not pink. Wait, the, the case was pink or the phone was pink? The Phone was pink. Not, oh, that's Actually, actually cool. That Seems like a Custom. It's a Pink iPhone. Hey listen, are you getting another one? I'm Trying to. Alright. Right then. I will too. I I had a red one for a while. It went hard. And so it, so yeah, they Got, they got cool colors. Yeah. Yeah. In this video they Got yellow and blue and all this other stuff. Yeah. Don't apologize. No, I, I didn't apologize.


Yeah, You're holding the pink phone. And then Jack McGuire. Jack Max CFB says Pink phone is crazy. Not gonna lie. Yeah. And I said, and then you, I say, your profile or I your Profile Pink fp is is crazy is not Gonna lie. He changed it and they Changed it and they changed it. Yeah, I did see that. I Saw that. Thank you for your service on that. Yeah, yeah, of course. But yeah, the stories before the draft, it was just like, what? Every week it was like, it was Something new. How Can we poke holes in Caleb? Williams is seemingly what, what was put out there. But there were rumors, like you didn't want to go to Chicago at some point. But was there a team going into that last season that if they had the number one pick overall you decided that you didn't wanna be in that situation? I don't know. I think within the NFLI think they've done a good job, you know, of of, of whether it's the owners and the coaches and the things like that.


I wasn't, I wasn't against going home as people said also throughout the process, it was just, it was gonna be, it'd be, it'd be like Katie, you know, Katie didn't really wanna go home And. it wasn't 'cause necessarily the, the team or anything like that. It was more of the, like everybody in my family is right. Is there, and you know, they buy a lot Of tickets to a Game family or it's the family that's not family that I've known for so long or been around or haven't known, or the new family that everybody talks about. So it was more or less having to deal with all of that and make it a huge distraction for me. And, you know, take away from the thing that I enjoy doing. I love doing every single day. Yeah. I, I would've been happy with that. I'm a, I'm a Commander's fan. How are you From Northern Virginia? Myself. So They've been doing a great Job.


Yeah. They've been doing a great job recently. Yeah. I think it worked out well. I think you've got a great home here. Yeah. I think Jayden's gonna be a great quarterback too. Yeah. So I told Big Cat, it's cool with me. If, you guys win six Super Bowls. Okay, I'll take three. I'm not gonna be greedy. So he's very nice of, I hope it works out for both of us and, and we all get to look back on this. Great. Yeah. Yeah. Think things turned out well for you. So now that you're playing football, you mentioned all the guys that you have to throw the ball to. Yeah. There's just one ball. It's just one ball. It's just one ball. Always is. So you've got three excellent receivers. Yep. Well, and Cole, Matt and Colt And Deandre Swift. Yep. How are you gonna spread? And Gerald Everett, how are you gonna keep them all happy? Gerald? Everett's a beast. You gonna keep 'em all happy with just one ball? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I wouldn't, I wouldn't say it's easy. It's obviously, you know, it's gonna be the fun part about it within the coaches and, and us scheming it up and with us also understanding early in the games and things like that.


Get your guys the ball, keep 'em engaged. And then when it's time to go win games, all these guys also understand when it's time to go win games, it's time to go win games, you know? So, which that means I to have time and things like that. It's, it's, it's, you know, who gets the ball? Go make plays, let's go win this game. But early in the game, it's important to one scheme up and then two, you know, figure out what the defense is doing, what they're gonna be doing for the game. And then three, you know, where, what points can you get your guys the ball and easy touches. Yeah. Just blame coach. Just be like, sorry, DJ coach told me this a little bad. Well, I'd assume all those guys too, none of them ever been like, I'm not open right now. They all were Open. No, they're always like, they're open, which is, yeah. I mean, you want, That's what you want. Yeah. I mean, you want guys that's like, throw me the ball, I'm open.


Yeah. But we also have to under have an understanding of like, you know, I have reads, I have progressions, I have, you know, I saw this, I didn't like how you ran this. We didn't, we didn't agree on the same page. We weren't, you know, I was hesitant on your route, so I moved on, you know, things like that. But also constant and open communication with the guys is also important so that we can always be on the same page and keep growing. Yeah. So I don't you, you haven't signed up for this, but I've signed myself up for it. I'm Al Williams Protector online. I appreciate that. And I'm just wondering if there's anything that I need to, like any, you know, standard lines, like people do the fingernails. Like who cares? Like you can't. Yeah, I'm gonna do it this year.


So. Yeah. Oh you Are? Yeah. I just haven't done it for, I try to love that, do it for games. All like, you know, regular season things like that. Playoffs also. 'cause I've been doing it for so long now. I, I'm trying to like make sure I can do it for games. 'cause I run outta ideas. So what should I say to people? Just being like, mind your own business. I mean, should I do it for games? I mean, I think Prince paid his nails, right? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That's facts. Okay. Are, I mean, You gonna put the F word on there? I will not be doing that. Roger Goodell would have, he would have some things to say. Yeah. He'd have some things to say. I'm trying to keep, you know, good spirited things on my nails. But it it fires you up, right? It does fire me up. So that's the answer. I'm gonna say it fire you up. I can use, I can use other stuff that'll fire me up. Okay.


All I can, I can, yeah. There's other things that What about Maybe Some acronyms? Maybe it's Maybe SMD gb. Yeah, I like that. I don't know what that means. I just, I mean, I don't know. Came Up with those letters. Yeah. What about the people always like, oh, well he cried after a loss. Like, dude, guys can't cry. And also you care. Like, I want my, I mean if I To, if I, if when we went to Super Bowl, you know, at some point I'm hoping that we have multiple people out there crying tears of joy. Yeah. So when I lose, I know how important it is that these games that we win and and lose. So trying to win every game is, is what we go out there to do. That's why we're here now. It's why we have practice throughout the week.


So if you know teardrop, you know, it's also, you know, there's a time and a place for it. But, you know, if a teardrops, I mean it's, it's, it's how much I care for. Right. For winning and Losing. Yes. Right. It means that you care. I Would much rather someone have that emotion than No emotion or laughing after The game. Yeah. Or yeah. Or like, just being like, I don't care. I'm just getting paid. Yeah. No. With the Super Bowl thing, this is very important. Are you planning on wearing a visor? This is very Important. Are you gonna be wearing a visor in your face mask? If. you take anything away from this interview? This is the most important part. Yeah, I don't switch. I wouldn't need to switch unless it was like raining. Okay. Hopefully. Alright, good, good. It'll be indoors. No quarterback with advisors ever won a Super Bowl. Oh, that's sick. Yeah. I didn't know If. you knew that. So yeah. Also long hair. I don't know how long you're gonna get your hair.


Yeah, it's gonna be long. How Long? It'd be pretty long. However long is it is gonna grow. Let's Cut it Right where the Super Bowl winning is. That's the length Long. That's why I've never won a Super Bowl. These are the analytics that we go through. Yeah. What about the people with short hair though? They Win winners. They've won a lot. They've won a lot of Super Bowls. Yeah. Think about Tom Brady. But What about the ones that lost? They have, they have Long hair. Tom Brady lost his one Super Bowl when he had, he had one of his Super Bowls when he had long Hair. When he had long hair. And same with Big Ben. Yeah, big Ben. When Big Ben had a visor too in the Super Bowl that he lost. Yeah. These are, these are really important things. Got it. Yeah. Yeah. No, I won't think You Think you know football? We know football. I won't think twice about it though. Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're just gonna go out there and, and, and run the score up.


Okay. I respect that. I like that. What about the Notre Dame game? People love talking about the Notre Dame Game. People love talking about it. It's crazy. One game. My one tough game in Yeah. Three years. It's all right. I mean, it happens. I'll have a, I'll have a tough game and hopefully my long career in the NFL and, and it's gonna happen. It's how you come back and the, you know, the confidence and hard work that you put in to come back and, and and recoup and go out there and go win the next game. I like That. I've, I have my marching orders. I'm defending you online. And now what about like, people get maybe a little too excited. Should we, should we just like, try to take it one game at a time? You can take it, you can take it one game at a time. You can, you can have at it. You do your thing, whatever. Whatever floats your boat. Okay. Just be you.


Yeah. Just be you. Yeah. Just be you because yeah, there was someone said, I saw this one guy say, you know what, I'm done being mature. I tried for an hour. And. it sucks. Caleb Williams is a guy. I need to get outta my own head. He's gonna be so fucking good. I'm gonna be so fucking happy and life is gonna be amazing. Suck my dick from the back. Haters. Wow. I might have said that after an hour of your pre-season game. Alright. I Won't retweet it. I won't like it Anything. But you can like it now. That's what's great about it. Twitter. There's no likes. There Are hidden likes. Yeah. Hidden likes. How crazy are you going with the likes these days now? Not, not crazy. No. No. Not crazy. Yeah. I, I would do just, I'm Still fearful that it, like they're gonna change it back. Yeah. I, so I don't really go in and liking stuff. He's, He gonna flip it on and we're all just gonna be like standing there with our clothes off.


Like, what the hell just Happened? I got some stuff I gotta clean up. Gotta go back into the history here. Yeah. I read that you drink four ginger beers a day. I, I backed down from that diet wise and things like that. It's a lot of sugar in 'em. That's a lot of ginger beer. Yeah. We're I'm actually trying to create my own ginger beer with not as much sugar. Okay. Oh. Oh. 'cause I love it so much and I want to do drink it. It is good. It's so good. And it's always, and I actually learned, I gotta start drinking it. Damn. Yeah. It's, it's, I'm Gonna have to just do everything great. It's pretty good. It's, have you Tried it? No, I, I've had ginger beer before. It's fantastic. You gotta you gotta try. You gotta try the, the, the right now. I'll, I'll get to y'all on what you know, it's gonna be I like that.


You gotta try Fever Tree. That's the best one right now. And then when mine comes And then when yours comes out, Be the best one comes out. Yeah. We're gonna blow that up and it's gonna Be the best one. My grandfather used to drink old time ginger beer. Really? When I was growing up. And so I would have some, and I don't know what that is. Old time I liked it was, it was powerful. It had that spice It's powerful spice to it. Yeah. And I feel like kids old and spicy kids don't drink ginger beer anymore. Yeah. You might Bring ginger back. It's so also it's good for your stomach and all like, it's a bunch. It has a bunch of, a bunch of awesome benefits from it. but it is, you know, a little bit of sugar. Ginger down from it. Ginger, I'm back down From it. We'll bring it back. You're doing a work with the foundation that you just started, right? Yeah. Caleb cares. Caleb cares. What does Caleb cares. Yeah. So Caleb Cares is like a, it's a anti-bullying and mental health, you know, non-profit that, that we're, we try and try and do our best with anything that we can do.


And a lot of times it's with Boys and girls clubs that we try and help out with and, and reach out and show up in person. We've done it in la DC now here in Chicago trying to grow it. I want it to be a, a huge thing globally and, and be able to use, you know, my platform and, and and anything that I can do to help in those ways. And it's just trying to provide a, a a, a good spokesperson, a good person to be able to, you know, help and, and reach out If, you know, people need to reach out to, to Caleb, Caleb cares and, you know, get help or whatever the case may be. Or, or just talk to somebody and things like that. You know, we, we we're trying our best to That's awesome To do that. We'd love to help in any way that you, you ever need it. Awesome. Yeah.


Remember that show I, I forget which, what channel it was on, where there would be a bully and then they would invite the bully out to do something. There'd be an MMA fighter that was Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Well we don't do it like that, but We don't beat up bullies. Yeah. We don't beat up bullies. But we, I mean for people that, you know, grades or they get in trouble or whatever the case may be. Just trying to, to, to shed, you know, some good light on, on what, you know, things should be and how they should be. And we've had so far pretty awesome success. Yeah. Through that, through the process that we've been through and you know, showing up, being in person, going to the, the boys and girls clubs, you know, providing gifts and, and presents for, for certain things.


You know, we've, we've, we call it the Caleb Cares hero Award for people that changed their, you know, their attitude, their mindset, their, all of that. And they, you know, the, the, the teachers or the helpers or, or TAs are showing or they, you know, they tell us about, you know, their progress and things like that. And then they get an Award and they get some, some gifts or they get some, you know, some beats or whatever. You know, it's been in the past. That's awesome. I mean, we, we can't beat up You don't beat up bullies. No, we can't beat up bullies. But If you ever get to a point where you need us to ratio a bully? We could do that online. Yeah. Or We could drop a quick ratio on someone. If you Need to make a bully. Change his profile. Pick. Yeah. Right. Sounds good. We get 'em. Yeah. Sounds good. We get 'em. That's, yeah. That's another win. I wanted to bring up one story that I loved and, and like says what you are as a teammate and you know, the media goes with all these different stories.


Like I said, I think two years being the number one pick. Yeah. Everyone's gonna poke holes. Yeah. But when you won the Heisman, you brought your entire offensive line. Yeah. And you demanded that they would come. Yeah. Was there any pushback when they, when you're like, I'm not going, if I don't bring my guys? Well There was pushback. I said I want to invite 'em and then there was pushback and then I said, I'm not going unless, and that's awesome. And then it ended up happening. Yeah. And then I, And then we ended up having a great, we had, it was, it was like, I'll never forget that, that, that night, 'cause we all went and, and sat around, we ended up getting a suite. after you win, you always, you get a suite after you win the Heisman. And so we ended up going up to the suite and we just, I mean we had chicken fingers pizza. I mean the, the Man just hanging with the Dudes.


Yeah. The big man had beers and, and drinks and stuff like that. And we were just, I mean we were, we were having a blast just sitting around a round table and just music laughing joke and think about, you know, all the, all the good times and having stories and stuff like that. And just enjoying enjoying each other. Sounds great. I Love that. Because you know, there's the, I mean that's just that, especially in a moment. 'cause I was reading the story that like, all your offensive army be like, we don't know when we're gonna be all together again. Yeah. All together again. And we're just gonna enjoy this moment together. Hanging out, getting room service. Yeah. Like that's old school fun. Yeah. Yeah. Like, so I, yeah. I love that story. That's a great teammate. So I just wanted to highlight that story. Yeah, Appreciate it. Appreciate it. How dod you fly back with the Heisman Trophy? Did you just bring it on the, did you have a private Plane?


So they, so, so USC provide provided the private plane Nice. Okay. For that. And then, you know, we hopped onto private and, and And it was sitting pretty in the, in the private plane. I love it. So I, I know that you've received, I read that you've received a lot of media training. So you're ready to, to deal with the media that tries to get you to say stuff. Yep. I don't know if they prepared you for this question. Alright. If there was a button, If, you had a button and If you pushed it, one Bears fan would die. Mm. But you would win 10 Super Bowls. Do you press the button, You can kill me. What If you? you don't, You don't know. Fan's gonna die.


One. Just one. Just one. 10 Super Bowls. 10 Super Bowls. Do I. Feel like most Bears fans would be like, I'll, I'll Throw my name that I'd press the button for You. They sacrifice. Yeah. Wow. That's love. It is love. So do you press the button? I think I'll take it. I'll take it. It I'm, I'm saying I'll take it ke I'll read right Now. If, you're pressing the button many times You Yeah, yeah. You're getting 30 Super Bowls. Yeah. Smashing it. I like that. I would, I would press the button. 10 Super Bowls. That's, That's a lot of Super Bowls. Yeah. That's, that's, that's great. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, well I know we gotta wrap up and we appreciate your time. I have one last question. Yeah.


Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts Rollback dot com.


So I'm a big college football fan as well. Yeah. And I had one very stupid question. Utah, can you tell the difference when it goes from day to night there? Because I have a theory that if Utah, like you tell me Utah's playing a game, you just tell me what time they're playing because if it's nighttime, I'm gonna bet on Utah. If it's daytime, take the other team. And you had that one game where it was, Well we started, Started in Day, starting day ended at Night and you guys were awesome in the first half. We had two of them. Yeah. And. it was just like, yeah. Two. So can you feel the difference in that crowd? It's only, and there's always spoken the Crowd. It was that, that crowd was actually an awesome crowd. Love the, love the stadium, love all of that. Love the crowd.


But man, I don't even, They're a tough football team. I mean, I don't know how we didn't win any of them. Yeah, It was, it got dark. Yeah. I mean that's literally all it was. It was Pac 12. Pac 12 after, after hour after dark. Yeah. After dark. Yeah. It was, it was tough. Yeah. Is it weird now that you're in Big 10 Country and you U Us C's gonna come play like Yeah, It's weird. It's gonna be cool though. Yeah. It's gonna be cool. Hopefully I can, hopefully I can try and get to, you know, that, that first game. If not, you know, they'll be around. Yeah, they'll be around here hopefully. Yeah. Well, Caleb, thank you so much. No, Awesome. Appreciate, Appreciate you. I wanted to say I love you, but that would be weird 'cause we just met. No, it's all good. All right. I love you Much love. I love you much love. Alright. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But no, seriously, thanks so much and we're excited for this season.


Yeah, same here. And, and let us know if we can ever ratio someone for Caleb. Of course. Yeah. Do you Go? We'll do it. We'll, yeah. Appreciate it. Appreciate it. Thanks for having me. Much love. And the Bears. Yeah. Love It. Oh yeah.


Caleb Williams is brought to you by Mountain Dew. We got our Mountain Dew fridge right here stocked. We got plenty stocked. We got all the flavors out on the table. Hank, what, what flavor are you drinking there? I'm drinking the og just regular, regular Mountain Dew. OG Mountain Dew. Big Cat's got an OG Mountain Dew. I love the OG Mountain Dew. Actually, can you throw me another one? Do the dew. Hank you wanna pass Big Cat an og. Go for it buddy. I love these cans. Cans are great. The just The color of 'em pops. The code red is aggressive. I, there's like a, a dragon, a Guana type guy on here. Code Red's the best. I love it. You guys love Mountain Dew. There's nothing else to say. You guys know Mountain Dew is great. We know Mountain Dew is great and there's nothing like that refreshing citrus kick. Mountain Dew will get you off your ass and have you feeling like you're on an actual mountain. A mountain where the weather's always perfect and your friends are ready to hang. And a day of epic proportions awaits. We're here at Camp Barstow. We're gonna be drinking Mountain Dew all week long, engaging in some outdoor activities, some recreation, hitting up the lake, sharing a cabin with the boys, playing some wiffle ball, playing some ultimate Frisbee. We're gonna be playing some kickball and we're gonna be drinking a ton of Mountain Dew. The mountain's calling. You should answer. Grab your friends, grab an ice cold Mountain Dew, wherever refreshing beverages are sold. And do the dew.


Okay, let's finish up the show. We got guys on chicks. Hey boys. A long time. A WL here. Congrats to pug on 98. That was electric. See how easy that was? Max? Anyway, that was Electric. PFD. What? See how, see how easy that was? Yeah. I, I'm beyond impressed with Pug. Shout out to one guy who said that he had been picking 98 for an entire year because of Connor Bedard. When the Blackhawks got Connor Bedard. And he's like, all it took was pug to pick at once and we're back. Like It's fucking, the guy's just, he's magic and pug is magic. Anyway, any advice on asking a guy out? There's this guy in my apartment complex that I'm borderline obsessed with and I'm curious whether he's interested. We've hung out a few times, walking our dogs and getting drinks with mutual friends, but never one-on-one.


Should I just assume that if he was interested, he would just ask me out and accept that it's never going to happen. No Thanks. No. That's not how It works. No, we're stupid Right now. The guy is probably leaving a voicemail for another podcast asking whether or not he should ask you out. Yeah. So He's on life advice right now. He, here's the thing. Just ask him out guy. I, I don't know a single guy that's intimidated or d has like a turnoff to a woman. Ask them out. If he's interested in you and you ask him out, then it's actually the best thing that could ever happen to him. What's going through his brain right now is, there's a cute neighbor of mine who I walk dogs with and we've had some beers and I really want to ask her out, but I'm super afraid that if I ask her out and she says, no, it's gonna be awkward every time I see her.


Yeah, that's, that's exactly what's going through his brain every day when he wakes up So, if you just ask him out, you're good. Yep. And then when you guys break up, one of you will have to move because that will be the awkward time. Yeah. But you'll, you know, have some fun in Between and you Guys and If their dogs become friends Oh Yeah. Then you gotta explain to them, don't Get a third dog. No. Because then you'd have to figure out who gets the third dog when you break up. Yeah. Do And. it will be a messy breakup. It Also matters. If, you live on the same floor, I think. Yeah. Oh, even messier. Yeah. Hey, PMT Boys. I went to a college party last weekend of school in May, the last weekend of school in May. Me. And this guy had a lot of fun dancing and hanging out there.


He brought us, he bought us an Uber back to his place, but he threw up in the Uber into the trash act. I wanted to go back to his apartment, but he said he is too fucked up and unable to perform. Do you think he was lying to me or is that true? Oh, no, that's definitely true. That's definitely also the credit to this woman. She shared an Uber back with the guy he puked in the Uber. Yeah. And then she was like, you wanna go fool around? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Oh, That's a real one right there. Yeah. I mean he's, he was just so bombed that Wow. And then she's like, do you think he was faking it? Yeah. Yeah. The puke. Imagine if the guy would, could puke on command just to get outta hookup. Bad hookups. Yeah. I'll, I'll take the $500 repair cleaning charge.


Yeah. Actually, you know what, now that you're saying it. Yeah. He was faking it. He faked the whole thing. You gotta think about something else. Okay. Sub dad cat, JCO man and Bell Ringer. My husband is not a football guy and loves museums and art fairs with a particular interest in modern art. He'll watch football with me and scroll his phone con What's that? I'm getting a call. Sorry. Doesn't particularly enjoy it. And when we get together with friends to watch a game at a house or bar, it's pretty awkward because he doesn't understand the lingo of rules. Is there any hope he will come around? No. No. Sounds like you just, you have an art guy. Yeah. This is, this is like, remember when we went to dinner PFT, we might have told this story and there was, we went to dinner with a friend and he invited the guy who wrote the music to succession.


Yeah. And there was a moment during dinner where I actually, I felt like an idiot, but I was like, Hey man, can I ask you a question? Like, it's kind of a weird question. He's like, yeah. I was like, what do you do on Sundays? And he was like, what do you mean? And then he explained like, yeah, I just go to the park. Or in like, he lives a regular day And. it just was, it's so foreign to me. Like what do you imagine having, having your full weekend clear every single weekend He's productive. He actually, he, he does things to improve himself Summer. Yeah. But even summer. I mean, there's still some sports, but Yeah. Yeah. I guess it's summer. Yeah. Yeah. But imagine having that all year round. Very bizarre feeling like you'd, you'd have all, you'd get all the stuff done around your house.


Yeah. Go do things. Well, listen, admiring art, isn't that different from watching football? Yeah. Hear me out. You, you spend all day, you pay like $15. You go to a big building and then you look at a screen on the wall and then that screen makes you feel emotions. Not, not only that, that's exactly what I do every single Sunday. Add, Add to that, a lot of times when you go to the museum, you, you get the headset and someone's explaining the art to you. Yeah, exactly. So you, it's A complimentary piece. You've got like a play byplay guide Right. For the art. Right. And. it makes you feel angry sometimes. Other times it makes you feel happy. Other times it makes you feel like you want to get into a fight with another guy that's in the art museum.


Yeah. And then you go to the gift shop, which is similar to when we order like $500 worth of wings and, and pizza. Yeah. Or you buy like, yeah. You're getting like your, your fifth like on field replica jersey Yeah. For your favorite team. Yeah. That's what you're getting when you get the Rembrandt calendar. Right. It's actually the same thing as being a sports fan. Yeah. Okay. Hank, last one. Hey, PMT boys. My boyfriend is a longer time listener and I've gradually become a reluctant fan of your show. Whoa. Whoa. That's a lot of qualifiers in that sentence right there. Chill Out. When my boyfriend gets drunk, he will often eat whatever is available. Most recently he pulled out five tortillas and made a bunch of quesadillas. Yeah. But he also included mayo and peanut butter along with the cheese.


Ew. I find this disgusting, but wanted to get your thoughts. What has been your trainer? Drunk food Creation. I mean that's, that's not that Mayo and peanut butter together is gross. Yeah. But I'll stand on that. I I Would agree. But with cheese, putting yourself into, into a drunk person's mindset where you just take anything that you see and put it together. Like I've heard worse. Yeah. And He probably likes Mayo P and peanut butter. Like, he was just like, oh, let's just, you know. Yeah. Play the hits. How many times have you I I was very, I I never did like the, a ton of crazy ones. It's just usually just a frozen pizza. How many frozen pizzas have you guys burned to almost burning your house down? I can think of three times. Oh, I was gonna say seven. I can Think of a few. Yeah. I once, I once Sleep drunk with a pizza in there and it's just a brick when you, when you wake Up.


I used to keep my like buns and like bread in my stove in my old apartment because I didn't have like a lot of space. Yeah. And I accidentally, I thought I took 'em all out. I left one in there and then like lit an entire bag with the plastic. Yeah. Oh no, it was bad. That's a bad place to keep plastic. Yeah. It's bad. That's so great. That's a great hank story. I wish I had heard that before. What I used to do was I, I used to just go into my closet and add chips. Like I would always get like the flaming hot chips or the Takis and I would add those to just anything. If I had like leftover fried rice from a restaurant, I guess what makes it better? Put some flaming hot Doritos in there. Yeah. I would leave the stove on once a week in college.


Like my, it it became a thing that like my roommates had to, had to be there when I was using the stove. 'cause they knew I was going to leave it on. Yeah. Every time. Yeah. I just, that I wasn't even drunk either. That was just like, I would cook something and then leave the stove on after. Yeah. Yeah. Well it's, you were just, you were just, I was just dumb. Well, alright, hold on to back you up. It was obviously if it was a college department, it was the coils. No, it was one of the electric ones, but it wouldn't be red. Like Yeah. That's your fault. That's not your fault. The coils are like, you leave those on. I You can See the fi I couldn't see the fire. Yeah. Yeah. If it's a open flame one, like if, if it's a burner then you're an idiot. Anything else. I have your back. Yeah. Yeah.


All right. Good show boys. Hard knocks. That was fun. Yeah. Holy times. Holy shit. Thank you. Also, any of the day AWS that didn't spoil it after I accidentally said it on Donny's live stream at like 11:00 AM today. So, good job. It's Been, it's been cool seeing, seeing Pardon, My, Take. Make it to the big screen again. Yeah. This podcast might actually work out As a TV Show. No, as just a podcast. Alright, let's kick it back to ourselves for the lottery balls. Okay, let's wrap up the show. We're back in studio for numbers. Pug Kenny, do it three in a row. First ever. Threepeat pug. You gotta go first. I think I, I think I'm gonna go 97 pug.


Wow. You're crazy ba You are fucking psycho. Maybe work my way down. Wait, Hank's. Mic's not on Hank's. Mic's not On. This is good. Yeah. Best part of the show. You're good. What were you gonna say? Hey, I, I kind of had, my first line was It was a killer line. Yeah. All right. Just pretend. Just pretend. Hey p you go first. Think I'm gonna go with 97. Oh, you're, you're sick. You're, do you think That just going down in order is gonna work? I mean That, that was a good line, Hank, isn't it? Yeah. The first, the first one was, Wait, was that because that was your strategy at one point, But you but pug won't miss numbers. True.


He's just gonna get 'em all Pugs just better. Yeah. Pugs a better, he's a better human being and dog than all of us. Yeah. I'll go with 20, I'll go back to eight P might be a better picker of numbers than human. I don't know. He's a better dog than picker, than numbers. I Mean mean he's elite at picking numbers. He's, he's a very great human or human. We love him, but he's not a, he's not. Is he elite? I think he is probably the best on the show. Yeah, by far. Thanks guys. That means a lot. P See what a good guy. Alright, what's your number Hank? 70. 70.


70. Did you just try to pick all the seventies, Seventies, Max. Have you ever gotten the lottery ball? I've gotten the number. 56. 21. You've never gotten the lottery ball. Eight. This is 97. I quit. Two, two. Two was the number. Love you guys. Another okay.


After me. Letter to be saved for say after me. Letter to be for things you things. I've Welcome you.