
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We have our good friend, the face of college basketball, Johnny Fanta. It's about to be March. So we catch up with John Fanta talk some teams that could make a deep run what's going on with St. John's Duke, SEC, just being a powerhouse. Great time with John Fanta and stick around for a bonus dunk at the end on his, on his little mini hoop in his office.


We're gonna talk. Whatever happened this weekend. Mostly Steve Smith. We have who's back the week. And we have a Monday Reading for the people.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings, who's scoring big in the NBA This season. You are with the all new way to get in on the action. DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner. The NBA DraftKings is the home of NBA player Props. So you can get behind your favorite players any which way from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. It's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking an NBA player prop. Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets. Instantly take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction boy in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. I love guys who like football and guys who like football. They like me back and I like them back. And even guys that don't like football mean they try to avoid me. I'm always trying to get football, Football, football. Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings. Take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code take.


That's code take for new customers. Get $150 in bonus bids when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Monday, February 24th. And just when you think we don't have any sports to talk about. Steve Smith fucks some guy's wife. Yeah. So if you were discretion, Not just, not just Fox, he rearranges their IUD. Yeah. So if you were discretion, advise if you're, if you're taking your kids to school right now, the biggest story from the weekend was Steve. They might be Steve Smith kids, they might be Steve Smith's kids. The biggest story of the weekend was Steve Smith, senior recurring guest friend of the program.


Would love to actually have him on to talk about it if he ever gets to a point where he can, I'm guessing right now, probably he might, Maybe having some harder conversations with family. Might be a little bit busy right now, but Yeah, the weekend, just when you think like, Hey, there's not a lot going on. Yeah, great college basketball slate, little hangover from the NHL All-Star game. We have a guy who in his, his li his at was Li Li Lombon. So Lambo Field and Lamb Lamborghini, I think decided to take to Twitter on Saturday morning. And tagged ab E-S-P-N-T-M-Z, the panthers, Steve Smith, N-F-L-N-F-L Network, ghost Golf Club.


Taylor made golf and Yeti coolers and said, my wife works for the marching Ravens. She met Steve Smith, senior at work. Steve Smith has been fucking my wife. I got receipts, I got a lot more homie. Wow. Now what was this guy's end game? He, I, I went and I followed him right away. I don't know if he's deleted, if he's new to his account since I think it was Yeah, he did. So he did delete everything. I think he was just like, Hey, I'm mad I'm gonna get divorced. I'm gonna try to make this memorable miserable for Steve Smith. But yeah, it was, it was quite, quite a decision to essentially wake up on a Saturday morning in February and be like, Hey world, I got cocked by Steve Smith.


Yeah. And here's all the proof Attention world and also Yeti coolers. Yeah. So he did have a lot of proof. I'm gonna read some of the proof. It was quite something. Steve Smith definitely is gonna have to get a new cell cell phone number because he Oh yeah. This is, this is Facebook post. It says, hi. I am Nicole Martinez, though I won't be a Martinez much longer. So he's writing under his wife's Facebook. Yeah. This Is fire. Yeah. Yeah. You see, I've been cheating on my husband and I've been doing so with the very famous Steve Smith senior picks attached for reference. I had him hidden under number three, but that's been fixed. My husband bought me a house.


He stood by my side after I had been arrested twice for domestic violence. And this is how I repay him and our son. There's plenty of messages here, Steve. Crazy. The kind of revealing messages a celebrity will send Baltimore Ravens, he tagged him. I am also, or, or I'm also a member of your team band. I believe I violated some frat fraternization rules by hooking up with Steve at the training facility and then tagged the S-P-N-T-M-Z, Carolina Panthers, Antonio Brown. Now I, I do feel bad for the kid. This is sad in, in that respect. But yeah, this guy decided to take it.


So would you like to hear some of the texts that Steve Smith sent? This guy? I would very much like to hear. Some of the pictures are all time too. Yeah. So Steve said, see now you're teasing me. Wow. You look stunning about about to go to work. I'm getting a little chuck and then autocorrected chunky. And then he said, take me deep down your throat. Like you kind of like you wanted to suck me off. She said, I did. I would've gagged on it, but I had to come home. He Wrote back, you enjoy it. You like to feel it. She said, I like feeling it deep in my wet pussy. He replied, me too. Her wet pussy. Yeah, that's yeah. Does Steve Smith have a pussy? He might have a little oldie situation going on front pouch.


Letting you taste it though would be a turn on. I would have shot my nut all inside your Pussy. This Is so brutal. She replied, I love making you come. I enjoy it more when you come inside me. He replied, noted B bookmark. Noted. That noted. There is like, Hey honey, can you, can you make sure that you remember to like, get this before you come home? Yeah. Take The trash out tonight. Noted. Not, Hey, hey Steve Smith, can you make sure that you come inside of me when you come? Noted, Noted. Emphasized. Noted. And then, let's see, it keeps going on and all on.


Yeah. He said it's 20 degrees. He sent a selfie. That's Nice. Turn, turn you over and get deep inside of you. She replied, you're so hot. Deep is an understatement. It felt like you were going to rearrange my IUD. You were so deep. LOL That's a wild thing for, for somebody's wife to be posting to another guy. Yeah. This is, this whole thing is crazy. Oh, whoa. This is a, this one I hadn't seen yet. So she replied the the connection was something I couldn't just walk away from. The passion is hard to forget. He said, I wasn't alone with it. She said No, I was right there with you stadium full of people. And I only saw you again.


He said, you had me wanting to explode Friday. But holding you was quiet. Quiet all right with me. She said that spark lit fireworks, you were a gentleman. And that was part of the reason I came back. Wanted to give you a proper goodbye. So she was part of the Ravens band and there's people then found clips of Steve Smith directing the Ravens Band. What now what instrument did she play? That's a huge question. It's a big question. I would like to know the answer To. It's gotta be, it's, it really, flute is really the only thing that is the flute would Be solid Uba maybe? No, it can't be a tuba clip. Saxophone Would be solid.


Saxophone is sexy. Saxophone is sexy. But yeah, if it's a tuba, if it's a drum, you got a problem. It Should beat the dick like a drum chick. Yeah. Here's Steve Smith. This is, I mean, Steve Smith has to be like, fuck, this could have happened like Master's weekend or Yeah. This is the right Conference championships. The husband understands the sports calendar. Yeah. When he released this for Sure. Yeah. He, he waited on this for the perfect timing. Yeah. What does this tell us about Lamar Jackson as a leader? Mm. The fact that this type of fraternization is going on between the marching band and, and former athletes from the team. I, I like that that was his main point that he made at the end of the Facebook post. Like, I'm pretty sure that my wife getting her IUD flipped inside out by Steve Smith is technically a violation of the band's fraternization policy.


Yes. Something You're gonna wanna look into The Ravens. Something you might want to be aware of. Baltimore. Yeah. It's also like the Ravens aren't, when you think of Steve Smith, no One's Thinking Ravens. No. You think Panthers first. You do the Little Ravens. There also was a clip that the guy posted of him calling Steve Smith and being like, Hey, you fucked my wife. And Steve Smith just said, I'm sorry. And then stayed on, on, on the phone call for about a minute and a half. Stand up guy not saying anything. Yeah. It was facing The music. So Yeah. You wanna play it, play it. It's, it's, it's very cr it's, I don't think we, this is our Saturday. I don't think we're gonna get those hats Big Cat.


No, We already already got 'em. Oh, we did? Yeah, we got 'em. He sent it to us right after the Super Bowl. Okay. They're up in my office. Okay. Here's the call. Yeah. You even fucking my wife bro. What you gotta say for yourself? I'm sorry. Good guy. That's, that was pretty nice. He doesn't Run from it. I'm sorry. Yeah. I said I was sorry. What else do you want? I do think he should probably be more mad at his wife. I mean, he is very mad at his wife. Yeah. I Guess he is very mad at His wife posting on her Facebook account. Yeah. But yeah. What a story. Yeah, it, it's pretty wild. It took me about, I'd say 30 minutes to get fully caught up on this story. When I woke up this morning going back.


'cause I was trying to figure out why Yeti coolers was trending. Yeti Coolers, by the way, has been silent. Yeah. On the, on the story speaks volumes. I would really like, I think Shady Rays, our good friends at Shady Rays might have been tagged as well. This is one of those situations where Yeti coolers, you gotta ha you gotta act Fast. You gotta stand Up. You gotta, you gotta release like an Antico cooler. Yeah. Put it on sale. It would go nuts online. Yeah. No cheating allowed with this cooler. Yeah. Or yeah. This cooler is perfectly engineered to keep sperm at perfectly frozen levels. Now Taylor made golf. That's one company that we could probably lean on a little bit. Yeah. And Shady Race Taylor made to my knowledge, hasn't said anything. No. We need some statements.


What, what was the, why was he doing that? WII have no idea. But it is, Maybe they sponsor some of his pods or something. I don't know. Maybe. Maybe they're just like, we know Steve Smith likes to golf. Well, yeah, when I saw Shady Rays, I thought this might be a, this might be pod related. Yeah. But not a great weekend for, for Steve Smith. I would say. What you got Hank? What? What do you think? No, I'm trying to find The Taylor made Connection. What is, what do we think he's, what do you think he's doing right now? The Steve Smith? Yeah. Probably. Well, I don't know what his family situation's like. I don't know. Is he married? He is married. So he was probably a lot of kids. He, he got probably got the call. Not good. He Probably got the call a couple days ago and then was just waiting like this is gonna come out.


And then he was probably, he probably tried to take his wife on a vacation somewhere where they're off the grid. I don't even know if he got the call. This guy felt like he went zero to like, I think he might've found out late Friday night. He didn't have time. He just went Nuts. Because if you're Steve Smith and you get that call, you have to be like, yeah honey, we're gonna go to Alaska. You've always wanted to go check out Denali National Park. Let's go hiking. Let's do the whole thing. Honey. I was reading up about Aaron Rogers staying in like a, a gnomes closet in Oregon where they just sit in silence for three days. I think we should really do that. Yeah. Got us something special. Let's just get off the grid. Let's Go to South America for a while. Just hang out in the rainforest. You don't need that phone.


We're on our phones too much. I've realized as a family. Yeah. Too much screen time. I Can't get over the fact this guy just decided, Hey, today's the day. I'm just gonna let everyone know that I got caught by Steve Smith again. I, I like he has every right to be upset. Yes. He's fucked up. Just get divorced before you cheat. And especially with kids involved and all that stuff. But you don't have to also go online and let everyone know. And then I, I think he might have some regret 'cause he did nuke his whole account and was like, whoops, I probably shouldn't have done that. I'm the world's most famous cuck. Yeah. Right now you, that's a title you never wanna hold. The the, I will say though, credit to him. I mean, releasing the text, the texts were, you can't come back from the text.


That might, that might be worse than the Ray Allen tweet. I think it's a little bit different because one was the tweet accidentally. The other Was But that was meant to be a text. Yeah. The other was just, just two consenting adults firing at each other hot and heavy. Letting you taste it though would be a turn on. I would've shot my nut all inside your pussy. What? What is he saying? Take me deep in your throat. Like, you kind of like, Did he say letting you taste it? Yeah. Talking About his nut. Yeah. That and then got it. That's when she said, IIII enjoy it more when you come inside me. And he said, noted. I also Think that's the one I'm gonna take away from this whole thing. Steve Smith's replying noted to a married woman being like, I would like for you to come inside me.


That would be good. Mount Rushmore to save up for the summertime. Mount Rushmore of professional athletes that you would not want to find out that your wife is cheating on you with. See, He's just up There. He's definitely, 'cause he's a dog. He's he's a dog. Like you see how he plays? He gets inside the pads. He plays through the whistle. Yes. He's not going to take any, he's not gonna cut any corners. No. He, he fucks through the T and nut. He's gonna Find the corners. Yeah. He's gonna get inside the corners. Yeah. Targeting All the way inside them. That's gotta be penalty. Removing an IUD with your dick. That's also one of those problems that I'm just blessed to never have to worry about in my life. Yeah. But it was, it was what? To to bust up an IUD Yeah. To like, Yeah. Accidentally remove an IUD with your penis. No, I'm not even close's. That's one thing I will never be accused Of.


Not same zip code. That thing. Yeah. That's, that's like you, we we, we've never how, how d like there's a certain level that we've been able to drill into the Earth's core. Yeah. We're never gonna be able to get to the middle of the or earth. Yeah. You just can't. Yeah. That's me and IUDs. I have Better luck catching a lantern fish with my dick. Yeah. Than I would finding an IUD with it. If There's oil at the surface, I can find it. Yeah. Anything deeper than that? Nuh. Not for me. Who else would be on that? Mount Rushmore athletes. Shaq probably Stef, Shannon Sharp. Stefon Diggs Shannon Sharp after hearing him. Fuck Yeah. Stallion. Richie Incognito. Incognito probably. Yeah. Yeah. There's we that, that would be a good Mount Rushmore.


Mount Rushmore of, of guys. You don't want to wake up one day and be a cuck to Yeah. Nick Foles, OJ Simpson. Yeah. Nick Foles Simpson. Nick Foles. OJ Simpson. Yeah. Nick Foles is a, yeah. That's an underrated one. But yeah, that was the biggest story of the weekend. Yeah. That was c Smith dominated the weekend and the the woman also, obviously her, her, she was, her pictures were put out there and there's a lot of people who were having a field day. Yes. Making a lot Of, someone might have said Comparisons. Someone might've said Steve Smith really cheated, like blew it all up for sex with Jeff Van Gundy. Someone might have said That.


I that, that's a little unfair. Jeff. The van I think iss More about the glasses. Yeah. He's a bald man that is a bald, bald man. Oh man. Yeah. Steve Smith cheated on his wife for Jeff Van Gundy. Lock him up and throw away the key bro. I think just using Jeff Van Gundy's name in a post as a cheat code because whenever you see a written, you think about Mark Jackson saying it. Yeah. Yeah. True. Jeff Van Gundy. You say it in that words. Yeah. Okay. So I, I like also like, I had a few people tweeting being like, are you like, you guys better address the Steve Smith thing. Like we will, I was like in the back of my head, I was like, dude, it's leading the show. Consider there's nothing else going on. Consider it addressed.


We could, we I could noted Oh. Oh should I? Yeah, noted. Should I lead the show with this story that is captivating and, and just like I couldn't get enough of it? Or should we maybe guess where Matt Stafford might, Stafford might Get traded to Giants. Probably Giants. Sure. I don't understand that. By the way to segue the Rams were the Rams played the Eagles the best out of any team. Yeah. In the playoffs. Yeah. Like and I know Ma Matthew Savage's old and they're in a transition. But I went away from the playoffs being like the Rams were right there. If a couple things break differently, they could have feasibly won the Super Bowl.


I think it's also like Matt Stafford not wanting to commit right after the season was over and being like, I gotta think it over. So, you know, he's thinking about retiring so you might as well get something for him at the end of his career. It also might be that the Rams are like, Hey, we can get Sam Dar younger cheaper, A younger version of Matt Stafford. Yeah. Yeah. Matt Stafford's significantly better than Sam. Darn. But still that would be, he stays in the, the Sean McVay coaching tree. You could, you could probably talk Sam Dar into, he's a SoCal guy. You could talk Sam Darn into taking maybe a little bit less because you're like, this is the situation where, hey, last year was pretty awesome. You wanna keep doing that or you wanna go be the Titans.


Yeah. You know, I starting quarterback and, and be back to square one in three years. I think That's the one. 'cause he's like a dog that's gone through like four or five different homes. Right. And he's, he wants a, a familiar place. He wants to, he values going to a good coaching situation over anything else. 'cause he knows how bad it can be if it's not. Yeah. So yeah. I I think he probably would take a little bit less money to play for, for Los Angeles than another team if it came down to that. But yeah. It also makes perfect sense for the Giants. Yeah. Because right now it's like Day Bull has to win. You gotta win Now he has to win something And you might Yeah. And you and you, you knocked yourself out of the top three pick. Oh no. What, what are they? Three. Three. Right. So they might've knocked themselves. I think they still will be able to get Cam Ward Ordo Sanders.


I would Go Cam Ward. I would too pick time. I'm not sure. Sanders believer love his dad. Yep. But I'll just say it, I'm also not really a Cam Ward guy either. I like Cam Ward Tyler's Show. I like Cam Ward. So, which is why I would be, I would be very happy with the Giants getting Stafford short term rental. Maybe not getting Cam Ward. Yeah. Matthew Stafford's still very good quarterback. It's just a question of how long will he quarterback for? We'll have to have Jerry o kinda listen to his wife's podcast and tell us. Yep. What, what's going on for that situation. We are gonna, so this is combine week. Technically we're gonna be down in, in India on Tuesday and Wednesday doing interviews. We will get chef on, we'll get Reini on. So Friday show, we're gonna get all the buzz from the combine to get us all the information.


Another football related topic. Hank, did you see your coach's girlfriend and how she wears her coat? Yeah. It's fashion. Yeah, That's fashion. So is that that that's what we're talking about. I just was Asking a Question. Listen, it's, it's fashion for like somebody in elementary school. Who are you guys to say talking about? I was just asking a, I'm a fashionista. She told offensive Bill Belichick was at the UNC game and his girlfriend was wearing her jacket like she was 15.


I thought it looked good. I thought it was a good, good, good Outfit. Here we go. That enough said we don't have any, there's doesn't need be anything else. I just wanted to ask if you had seen it. Well, I mean, to her, to her defense basketball games, it's very tough to dress for a basketball game. Yeah. Because it's always super hot when you're next to the court. True. And it's kind of cold outside right now in Chapel Hill. True. So, yeah, she's going half on, half off. It's kind of utilitarian. It's actually the same way that, I mean, bill Belichick is the king of inventing new ways to wear his jackets. True. Cutting the sleeves like two thirds of the way off. It was a funny visual. You have to admit that it Does look like that's his daughter. It's a funny visual. I thought, I thought it looked good. I thought it was perfectly normal. Okay. By the way, PFT Ovie hat trick huge O away.


Anytime, anytime that there's like a short little break for some of these Russian players, they somehow come back playing really, really well afterwards. So yeah, I, this was, I think this was supposed to be the game that he was going to break the record at. That was my initial prediction. Okay. Before he got the injury. And now I think he's gonna do it this year. I think he's gonna do it against the penguins at the end of the season. I, I Would agree. The pace that he is on is absolutely incredible. And it's, it's so cool too to watch him after he scores a goal, he skates right over to his son who's in the first row. That's awesome. And like pounds the glass for him. Yeah. O v's. Really fucking good. And the caps are The caps Is the Caps here? They're Yes, it is. It is. The caps here. I'm all in on the caps. There we go. They're legitimately a good team. They've got a bunch of great players. They did it somehow they, it felt like they were just gonna re-engineer their whole roster to ensure that OV breaks the record.


And that was gonna be the reason to pay attention to the caps for the next like two seasons. But somehow in that rebuild, they also were able to get good again. Which is cashier like. Yeah, I think it is. The caps here. I, I believe they have the best record in hockey. Whoa. It's them or the jets. Whoa. But I think the caps are number one. I got 'em at, I think it was 2020 to one or 25. I think it was 20 to one when I bet on 'em earlier this season. They're watch out, watch out for the caps. Everyone's on notice. Yep. Everyone's officially on notice. The league. The league should be on notice. They Have 84 points. Go to the We have Shane, by the way, max is still on vacation. Yeah. They have the most points in the league. I was thinking about you tell me if this is a good idea or not.


Trying to time it to go to the game that ov breaks the record at. But I only get one game to do it. You should. Yeah. I only get one game to pick. Why not? I think I can do it. Why not? So what in the next 15 games you think? I don't know if the next, I mean 20. He's what? 13 away. You said the pace That he's on has been incredible. So it could happen in the next 15 games. Yeah. But I'd say more likely, I think it's the game against the, the Penguins towards the end of the regular season. Lemme see when that is. That's the one I think if you're looking at league wide narrative, having him break it right in Sidney Crosby's face would be incredible. April 17th. What is now they, are they gonna play him though when he's like, yes, but, but depending on playoffs, get him Rest.


No, he's playing, they're gonna play him April 17th. What day of the week is that? You gotta go. Is that, That's the last game of the regular season At Pit in Pittsburgh. Yeah. That would be awesome. To Thursday. Shane's doing a great job, by the way. Yeah, you're crushing It Shane. You're crushing it. Yeah. Max is out for another day. He took his vacation a week after we took our vacation. And yes we do Miss Oldie. I wish. I'm happy Shane's here. Oldie hung out for pretty much the whole day on Friday. Just chilling in the office. That man is incredible. I miss him so much already. He was texting me this weekend, just texting me like it was just a picture of him.


Here. I'll show you. It was just a picture of him on the ice taking a slap shot. That was it. Like, it was like an update that no context we're back boys. Just that. Just him on the ice. It's good form. Pumping and grinding. Pumping and grinding out there with the boys. Yeah. So Ovie. Yeah, I think incredible Day. Yeah. Incredible day. Did we find out what day the week it is, Shane? Thursday. Thursday. Thursday. April 17th. That might be a field trip. Get it Done. It might be a field. I might have to bring home the record, Get it done. But yeah. Great weekend. They scored eight against the penguins on Saturday. Seven against the Oilers. 15 goals in like 24 hours. Basically. Hockey's back. Hockey's So bad.


Hockey's So bad. And I wish Max was back too, just because I wanted to talk to him about Embiid. Yeah. And what's going on with that. Yeah. That, that was the most depressing series of press conferences that I've heard in a long time. When they're explaining like obviously he's, he doesn't feel good. They Gotta just shut him down. Yeah, they're, well the Sixers are exploring options for the knee injury. Okay. So here's a, here's a, here's a crazy stat about the Sixers guy, NBA Twitter guy. He's good reporter. Steph no tweeted this. The Bulls have held on to the 10 seed for every single day since January 1st. They've gone seven and 16 in that stretch.


The Sixers have gone seven and 18 during that same stretch and dropped from 11 to 12th. Like the Bulls were actively got tried to get worse. Yeah. And they still can't get rid of the 10 seed because the Sixers were that bad. Another Fun stat I saw over the weekend was the games with at least 20 points this year. Paul George has nine p picture as 17. Mm. That is a fun stat. I now this is just hindsight guys. Like we, no one could have ever expected the Paul George to Philadelphia thing not working. Well, the Funniest part about that is That, wait, we all said it wouldn't. Paul George is now the one that's, he's little Broing. Joelle Embiid. Yeah. And being like, when I was going through this, the multiple times I've gone through this Joelle, I found that just playing makes me feel better.


Yeah. Like that's the only way to get better is to just play your way through it and Joel, and be just like, nah man, I'm, I'm not gonna do that. I, I just don't feel like Playing. I'm not gonna do that. And then he Should just get mono. Yeah. He has it basically. Yeah. Here, I'll, I'll call Max. Let's just see if we can, he's still on vacation. So he's probably at a John Summit concert. Concert right now. Do you think he misses us? No. No. Good. 'cause I oldie was, although Hank and I were laughing people being like, uhoh Max. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Statement on the Sixers, They stink Joel and Beach. They should shut him down for decision and they should tank for Cooper Flag.


And what about, should they trade Joel Lobe? No. Okay. Next year or onto next year. How do You feel about his contract? No. It, he is worthy of that contract for sure. He is an MVP. He's one of the best players in the league. Went healthy. Just gotta get Healthy. How is he worthy of the contract? How he worthy of the contract Didn't Really play. He hasn't played. He's he's going to play. Hey, hit him with the stat Most. All right. I'm Done with this. No, no. Listen to the stat. You need to stat. I'm Trying to have a nice steakhouse meal right now. Okay. The last day of my fitness vacation. Okay. Listen to this. That 20 point games, This season, Paul George has nine. Peyton Pritchard has 17.


Peyton Pritchard has 17, 20 point games. Paul George has nine. Oh, Paul George is horrendous. Okay, So you admit that Max, Your entire statement on the Sixers should have just been birds Also. That Okay. Alright. What about Yabu? I love Yabu, but he's, he won't come. He is not gonna come back. But he's too good. He's too good to tank with a guy like Yabu. You're not gonna get Cooper Flagg. Are You feeling a little pressure from oldie in his performance? I'm ha What do you mean? I'm happy that he, he had a good performance. Yeah. But he A good, Good Producer. Good for the show. Good for the show.


Good for the company. Great. Great. What do you think about Steve Smith? Max? What do you think about Steve Smith? Steve Smith's a dog. Yeah. Dog. Started the Program. We let, we, we led the show with it. With Steve Smith. Yeah. Didn't Have to have to. Alright. Okay. Enjoy the rest of your fitness vacation. We'll see you tomorrow. Yep. Alright. Bye. See you tomorrow. I was, Hank and I were laughing 'cause people were like, uhoh Max is in trouble. Oldie sitting in the producer chair. Oldie does not, he doesn't own a computer. So like being like, you guys found a Canadian who can also produce a podcast. Yeah. Oh. I was like, I, the last thing I said to oldie, I was like, Hey, do you have a computer?


Like, if we ever want you to zoom in and And we will Oldie will, we'll we'll see him at some point in the future. He's, he we're working through it. He's got a, a wife and kids back in Canada. But he was just like, oh yeah, my wife's got an apple. And I was just like, okay. No chance he knows how to work it or anything. No, I mean, say what you want about Max. He is capable of pressing a button. Yeah. Oldie. I don't think if we told him press the button, he'd be like, I Don't want Him to though. Oh, what's a, a puck? Yeah. He's a beauty. But yeah, oldie iss gonna be part of something going forward. So, so we, we do miss him. Alright. Other things I had written down for stories. Yep. I've got one too. OB we fall. Yeah, you go. Okay. The New York Yankees. Oh yes.


How, how the mighty have fallen. The New York Yankees are relaxing their grooming standards after all these years. The Yankees used to stand for something, you know, that you could set your watch to the New York Yankees. Yep. You weren't allowed to have sideburns. They made Johnny Damon cut his hair and trim his beard. And now this now the statement from Hal Steinbrenner on the alteration of Yankees facial hair policy. Which is very funny that the Yes. Yankees have a facial hair policy. Yes. In recent wink weeks, I've spoken to a large number of former and current Yankees spanning several areas Here. I got you. I got you. To elicit their perspectives. Yeah. Yeah. There we go.


To elicit their perspectives on our longstanding facial hair and grooming policy. And I appreciate that their current, you go ahead. I can't read this And appreciate their earnest and valid feedback. These, can you make it a little bit bigger? Yeah. See I'm getting fucked over here. These Most recent conversations are an extension of ongoing internal dialogue that dates back stop, stop messing with it. It dates back several years. Ultimately the final decision rests with me and other. Great. And after great consideration, we will be amending our expectations to allow our players and uniform personnel to have well-groomed beards moving forward.


It is the appropriate time to move beyond the familiar comfort of our former policy. Wow. We used to be a country. Wow. A proper country. And then this and Don Mattingly and his side burns. It'll be a, a tail lost to the ages. Kids won't understand that anymore. Goose gossage. Yeah. Punch in Air. So why? Yeah, why now? Good Question. Who are they? Who are they specifically going after? Do you think? Maybe Juan Soto was like, I really wanted to grow a beard. This might, this might have been part of Juan Soto's contract. What's The free agent class coming up? Maybe there's something there. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. There's gotta be an angle. Can we look that up? Yeah. 20 20 25 Or somebody that, that might be key in the tread trade deadline this year.


Yeah. Because it does, it does feel weird that it just happened now. Yeah. You have to think Derek Jeter signed off on this, right? Yeah. Have To have Vladi Jr. These He's got a beard. Right. These are no schwarber Schwarber would've hit so many bombs to that short Porsche. He would, he would love it. Yeah. Yeah. I think the Yankees have just lost their luster. They're, listen Bob Bette, he's got, he's got some flow to 'em. I Know, I know that. It's like half joking. But the Yankees, they're douche bags and I like they need to stay that Way.


Yes. I agree. Like This is what makes the sports the ya I think it's the old George Stein. They're not the Yankees anymore. Yeah. The old George Steinbrenner quote. Like there are MLB players in their Yankees. You want the Yankees to have that type of arrogance compared to everyone else. And part of it is these antiquated, you, you can't have, you know, a mustache that, that goes beyond your lip. I I hate this. You think if they won the World Series, they wouldn't have done this? I don't know. I hate this. I hate this. The Yankees should stay The Yankees. Like they, that's the whole evil empire thing. That's the whole point. It's so funny that they, they they just resigned Aaron Boone, right? Yeah. Yeah. And then well deserved.


Yeah. Well deserved. Well deserved. Congratulations to Aaron Boone. So that people were mad at them at that and they're like, don't worry about it. We're gonna, we're gonna make up for it next week with big announcement. You can have a mustache now. Yeah. This is stupid. I don't like this. I hope that the Yankees as a team and a clubhouse silently protest by not having long beards. What if they all grew beards instead? That would suck. That would suck, wouldn't it? I mean, it would be stupid. The thing would look stupid. George Steinbrenner's spinning in his grave. They're Trying to like have a good moment of PR after what the, what were those brothers out in right field last year? Oh yeah. That was a flash in the pan Cap negro. We Forgot.


Yeah, the cap Negros. The cap Negro brothers. The cap Negros after that. They're like, we gotta do something that, that will make people happy with this. Okay. You're allowed to have a go now. Yeah. By the way, speaking of the caper Negros, my other thing that I had was that we might get a new pope. Yeah. So I did a little research on some names. What Hank What? That's a wild transition. Well, I was thinking of an Italian name. I was like, I literally looked up the potential popes and I just base it on names Alabama beat this shit outta Kentucky this weekend in college basketball and in other news of popes taking, beating. There we Go. You like that name? The Pope on his death bed. He stopped listening. Yeah. We're Gonna talk some college basketball with Johnny Fanta, by the way.


So anyway, the Pope Francis, he is on his deathbed. Yeah. Kidney failure. Yeah. Kidney failure doesn't sound good. Hopefully he's okay. I'm gonna guess he's probably not gonna be 'cause he is pretty old. But anyway, hopefully he is not in pain. Our colleague KFC actually is like a a, he's a, he's like a number one Pope Rider. He loves the Pope talk. So he actually broke down in a great blog about who could be the next Pope based on actual intel. Like Stats. Yeah. And like who, what what they do normally. By the way, I is great. I watched the conclave. Good movie. Weird ending, but good movie.


So Pope, the Pope talk is like hot right now because that's actually a, a movie that's gonna be is up for an Oscar. Yeah. He broke it down and he, he was like, he had actual stats, like the most, the majority of popes don't get chosen from here and there and whatever. I just looked up names so I wanted to throw out some names for you. Okay. I'm going off straight names, vibes, poppable guys in my opinion. And they probably have no chance, but I want to throw some names. You guys ready? Yeah. Okay. We do have one guy from the US that has a chance. He's from Wisconsin. I think he's the Cardinal in St. Louis. His name's Ray Burke. He's a St. Louis Cardinal? No, he's, he's from Wisconsin. He, I think, yeah, he, I guess technically he would be, I don't know where he is right now actually.


Okay. But yeah. Alright, so here we go. This is my num, my one one pick Cardinal Pierre Batista Pizza ball. Okay. What do you think about That? Yeah. Yeah. I like it. The pizza Pope. Is he a big boy? Pizza ball? Is he a big boy? I don't know. Can we get a, can we get some eyes on pizza Ballah? Because here's what I think the Vatican desperately needs. We need a fat pope. Yeah, A fat pope would absolutely rock wouldn't it? Pierre Batista. Like, I, I want that little cap on that they wear in their head. Oh, Skinny To be so tiny. Yeah. Pizza ball. What a name. Then I also have Cardinal Mateo. Maria Zui. We have a Zui here. Thought that would be good.


Matthew Liber Liberatory. Gordon Cefo. These are all names that I think could make big time Popes. Lorenzo Baldi. That's pretty good. Yeah. I Like a, I like a Lorenzo. But do they, they don't keep their name, do they? No, They have to change it. But this is, I'm just going off of just vibes. Just just off, off name vibes. This Paul Dero guy. This Lorenzo Paul. Like John or Francis or something. Yeah. This Lorenzo. He looks like a pope. Yeah. Doesn't he like he's got a little Dick Cheney vibe to him, but he looks like a, A pope from Central casting. Yeah. Victor de Muji. That would be a good pope. And then here's the last two I got for you.


Are you looking these up? What? Whatcha are you laughing at? Shane? Memes wanted me to Google fattest Pope. Oh, in the world. Yeah. No, we need a fat pope. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We do need a fat pope. All right. Here's a couple heavy hitters for you. Ready? If, If we get a pope that's above 350 pounds, I will become a Catholic. Hey. It would be awesome. Yeah. If we just had a fucking Hoss of a Pope. Yeah. It's the fattest. I'm sure there's been a pope that was so fat. Look at that guy. See, wouldn't that be awesome if that was a Pope? Okay, here's the last two that I got for you guys. You ready for this? Francesco Coco Palmero. Okay. Pretty good. Yeah.


And then another one. So I, I have the, the two, the two that I'm leaning towards her Pierre Batista pizza ball and then Fabio Boggio. Fabio Boggio. Fabio Boggio is pretty good. Let's Fabi Boggio. Yes. So it's Pope talk. I like that. If you had a fat pope, you could have a mass. Mass. Yeah, that'd be pretty good. Good. I need fat Pope. That's my analysis. Fabio Boggio. How do They, how do they elect him? They get together in a room. I know you saw the movie. I saw the Movie. So I'm actually kind of an expert on this. Yeah. They get all the cardinals under 80 in a room together. They shut everything down. Basically. They can't talk to the outside world. And they all vote until they can get, I think it's, I think it's two thirds majority.


And then that person's the new Pope. So They sequester them. They can't, they're like a jury. They can't talk to Anybody. Yeah. And it could take weeks. Okay. And then they like, so They do a Vote, then they like to smoke. And when the gray smoke comes out, a new pope has been elected? No, white smoke. White smoke. Okay. Gray smoke Is when they haven't. So yeah, that's them sitting there. They Should do a different color besides gray and white. That's, those are too similar? Yeah, that is a little similar. But yeah. So they sit there again, I'm an expert 'cause I saw one movie about it on a plane. They sit there and they politic and the first time they vote there will be, I don't know, 20 guys getting receiving votes. And then they'll slowly get it down to a couple people and they'll go against each other and then we'll get a new Pope.


Do you Think that'd be a good job to be Pope? Probably Not. I don't think, I don't think it'd be any fun. I feel like you get Blamed for a lot of shit. You get blamed for a lot of stuff. You do get to meet Jim Harbaugh once a year. Yep. So that's Cool. And God, I would assume You got to get to meet God eventually. Yeah. But the Harbaugh is, they always bring you like a, a set of cleats. Like here's some Mayor Jordan cleats. Yeah. Yeah. You probably do get some cool trinkets. Yeah. But you, you never get to fuck. Yeah. But I'm guessing most of these guys probably do the celibacy thing. Yeah. Yeah. I think the Cardinals all have To Yeah. Wasn't the last Pope the one that was like tongue kissing kids? It was Dalai Lama. It was Dalai Lama. My bad. But there have been other issues. The Vatican's never done anything like that. No. Yeah. So yeah. That's my, that's my breakdown.


I'll send you all the names. Memes, you could put 'em on a graphic for best names I think would make new Pope. Yeah. Fantasy celibacy boys. But Kevin does actually have, like, he was breaking it down like it was a futures market. And I, I read the whole blog. It Was great. So can you actually bet on who the next pope's gonna be? I would like to, if you Can. Yeah. They should make commercials. They should do like attack ads on each other. Yeah. Who's saying? There's one guy who, who everyone thought was gonna be the last Pope and he lost and it's like, he's just always a bridesmaid. He can't win the big one. Yeah. It's fucking awesome. Like, that's so funny to me. There's some cardinals sitting out there and you go and, and do mass and then you talk to him after he is like, yeah. You think he think you'd be able to beat Mahomes this year?


Probably not. Probably not. Alright, so what is it? Pie? Pietro Perlin is four to one Odds favorite. Okay. I want the pizza guy. Yeah. I I want Fabi. Boggio or pizza Be pizza. Also, Having an American pope would be awesome. Yeah, it would. That'd be great. Be Sick. We'd get to flex. We need a little swag after we lost, lost the Allstar game. Well that'd be like the US winning the World Cup in soccer. As if we got the Pope. We probably would end up winning the World Cup after that. Okay. That was all I had. Let's do who's back, who's back of the week? Then we'll talk some college basketball with Johnny Fanta,


who's back of the week is brought to you by our friends. It truly, truly unruly is a first high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. Truly unruly is a hard seltzer that breaks all the rules. Drinks light, parties hard with 8% A BV. It hits hard but still tastes amazing. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly at a store near you. Or visit www.trulyhardseltzer.com. Strawberry Smash is my personal favorite. Oldie was drinking them. That was the first time Oldie had tried it. He great ad he was ready to go after that. It's going to the, the weather's getting a little warmer. Golf is coming back. Hank's wearing shorts today. That's My who's back. Ah, shoot. Damn. Well truly. So it's gonna be truly unruly Summer. It's gonna be truly season. So go right now. First high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. 8% high. A BV. It hits hard but still tastes amazing. And it's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take.


Alright Hank Ah, and who's back to the week is Celtics Boston Celtics National Sports Podcast. There was some, some talking heads in the national media this week, this past week, saying that the Knicks were actually gonna be, you know, a, a good test for the Celtics. They might be coming for the title. They played cel they played on Sunday and the Celtics waxed 'em. Wait, talking heads were, who were you talking heads were You were the talking head that were saying that something wrong with the Celtics? No, they had a, they had a, they got off to a Rocky 2025, but they've since course corrected easily. Okay. They, They're five. No, the last five haven't, they've won each by minimum. 13. So back on Couple 20 pieces. It's back on.


All, all the way back on. So who are you calling out, say with your chest? PFT Commenter. Oh. Oh. I'm talking head. That's what you're doing right now. My head is Talking now. Your head is Talking. Yeah. Well I, I put a bet in on the Knicks last week. Oh, to win the championship. Yeah. And then I told Hank about it And we had a little, a little off air part of my take in embrace debate. And I wanna say for the record, I was wrong. I'll admit it after, after like four days might as well like that on fire. So The future had four Days. It was the shortest future of all time. Yeah. Russell Wilson wants to raise that future. Oh, it was bad. It was bad. It was a bad bet. That's brutal. The Celtics are much better than the Knicks. Although come play off time.


Yeah, I'm gonna be teaming up with Jerry. We're gonna be bing binging bong. We're gonna be bing bing you. But yeah, you don't have to play the Celtics. Yeah. Well, so part of the bet in theory was that the magic might have to play against the Celtics. I think the magic could beat the Celtics. Oh, Okay. And then sure. Why anything could happen. And then you might ask why then wouldn't you just bet on the magic to beat the Celtics? And to that, I said that's a great point. I don't really have an answer to that. Good point. Yeah. So you're back. Celtics are back. Okay. PFT My who's back at the week is JJ Watt. Mm. JJ Watt is back. He is probably going to come outta retirement to play for the Bengals. Yeah. Because he owns one of those English football teams.


Burnley, right? Yep. And their goalkeeper hit him up, slid into the dms and was like, Hey jj, any chance that you could come back to play for the Cincinnati Bengals? 'cause their goalie is apparently a Bengals fan. And then JJ said, if you don't let in a goal for the rest of the season, then yes, I will do that. I think, has it been seven games? It's, yeah. It's, they're now clean sheets. Clean sheets for seven games. And JJ Iss now looking at Zillow. He's cruising Zillow in Cincinnati saying, this is awesome. It, it might actually happen. I think there's probably too many games left for the rest of the season. How? There's no, when does it end? April? Yeah. I don't know what league they're in, but I mean they, they are in the championship league, so they're Okay.


So how many games they got left? They have Shane, use your words when you're doing a podcast. They've got a lot of games left. It's 13. 13 games games Left. Thank you. Shane was just going over it with a mouse. Yeah. You got this Shane. But this would be, you got This. That would be an incredible story if JJ actually came back to play. He has to. He has. He has to. He has to if they do it. So that's, I I'm rooting for that to happen. I don't know. Like he would probably get cut. What? First week of training camp you think? No. You don't think so? You think JJ could still play right now? Yes. He looks light, he looks skinny. I Think he has to take it seriously and he, I, yeah, he'd have to make a comeback. I think he would, I think he would be able to do it.


Yeah. It Would rock. I I hope that it does happen. Yeah. He, so, and this is big for, for Burnley. 'cause they will be, if he stays this hot, they'd be promoted into the EPL. They're in the league below, so, and they, they've been on a tear. Man, what a story. That is an awesome story. Yeah. I hope I I hope this guy keeps it up because I Rock. Yeah, yeah. Clean sheets. Okay. My who's back is Jed Hoyer for, who is the Cubs president of baseball ops mixed bag for the free agency. But we just found out, so Pete Crow, Armstrong Cubs Center fielder really fast guy changed his number from, he was originally, or he had been 52 and he changed his number to number four.


And the story goes, it happened like a, a week ago or so, p Crow Armstrong was shooting hoops with Dansby Swans with Dansby Swanson and Nick Lopez. When Jed Hoyer stopped by and Hoyer had seen enough of Peak Crow Armstrong's number 52, a lineman's number. He said it was time for the center fielder to have a fast guy digit on his jersey. He said, if he makes a shot, I've gotta change it. I was like, that's fun, why not? Let's do it. So Jed Hoyer took a shot from about 12 feet away, drained it, and now Pete Crew Armstrong's number four. I love that. That's a good, that's true. It's a Good gym manager G Ming because it's, we've talked about this before.


There are such things as slow guy numbers and fast guy numbers. Yes. Especially in football. I don't really think about in baseball that much, but that maybe that's the new money ball. Yeah. Is just make your guys change their numbers. That's, I mean, it matters. Yeah. He he will be significantly faster. He's already very fast, but he'd be significantly faster in number four. Well it's, the uniform's gonna weigh less. Yeah. Because it doesn't have that extra digit on there. That's true. That's also true. Yeah. I, if you were to say winners and losers in baseball this weekend, winner the Cubs for having a GM that knows what he's doing, loser the Yankees for turning their back on tradition. That's facts for spitting in the face of honor. That's Facts. Also sticking in baseball. I believe that I saw Trevor Bauer released a video that was says, why I chose the Czech Republic to continue my baseball career.


So if you wanna watch that video, they have baseball there, Apparently. Why I chose baseball and the Czech Republic. I wonder why They probably have a very liberal policy when it comes to filming YouTube videos during the season. Yeah, That's exactly what it is. Drones. Yeah. Drones. Drones. Okay. Let's get to our interview with JJ Watt or what? JJ Watt, he's the picture right in front of us. Our interview with John Fanta. What are you boys doing in the studio right now? They're Getting ready for P's about to nail this number. We got a Monday Reading. Shane told us to come in here. It's, it's on him. Oh No. Oh no. All I, all I said was Big Cat was doing is who's back?


We got a Monday Reading Shane. I miss Max. Max would've never made that mistake. I Miss oldie, oldie would've taken a piss and thought we were gonna leave. You guys can stay for the Monday Reading. If it's cool, I'll stay as well as Jack Pug. Yeah, I like that. By the way, you are Jack's boss. Pug is a weapon on the roulette table. We should have known that. Right? Of course. With Gelato Ball. Pug is a walking lucky machine. Pug Is a dynamo when it comes to roulette. Look at him. He's the cutest guy we got and good things happen to him. You need a guy like that around or it's like something just crazy happened. He's like, oh, pug did it again. He just was Pug. Thanks Guys. Pug.


Okay, let's get to our interview with Johnny Fanta talking college ball. Getting you ready for March, which is right around the corner and it is brought to you by our friends. It's Chevy. Chevy has packed more capability in the Silverado Trail Boss, so that you can pack more fun into your weekend? Have yourself a Friday, Saturday, and Sunday with the truck that says no to nothing. Tailgates spontaneous camping. Trips. Trips, DIY projects. Bring it on. What about a cross country road trip? Silverado was the perfect ride for last year's grit, week out west. Recently, they helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man award. Well, the Silverado Trail Boss is built like a fullback. We're talking 495 pounds a foot of torque. Hold onto your sodas Max. Plus the Trail Boss gives you an extra two inch lift. So maybe Hank can finally dunk. Silverado brings a grit, then pairs it with all the latest truck tech inside and out the result. A truck that can do it all. Then show up on Monday with a story to tell. So learn more about the Silverado Trail boss@chevy.com Chevrolet. Together, let's drive.


We're also brought to you by our friends at No Bull. No Bull is a footwear brand for training and for daily life built to support you in your pursuit of physical, mental, and emotional strength. No Bull is known for their best in class award-winning footwear. You can see it right here. I love these shoes. They're super comfortable, super lightweight. Our friend Mike Otley created 'em. So with options across training and lifestyle, no bull has options for everyone. No bull celebrates a no bullshit approach to wellness. No. Bull is about being a work in progress and embracing the constant evolution to being better. The job is never done. So we love these shoes. They're su they're very, very comfortable. Are you wearing 'em right now? PFTI Was wearing 'em all weekend. I'm not wearing 'em right now. Yeah. But yeah, they're great. I was wearing 'em all day Friday, all day Saturday. Super, super comfortable. Exclusively. Pardon my Take listeners. No Bull is offering 30% off your order. Visit www no bull project.com/pmt for 30% off your entire order. That's www.oblproject.com/pmt for 30% off here, I'm gonna show you for those watching on the YouTube, these are the shoes and they are awesome shoes. Like I said, super lightweight, super comfortable. No bull. Go get 'em right now. Use that backslash slash PMT for 30% off your order.


Okay, here he is, Johnny Fanta. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest. He is the face of college basketball. It is John Fanta Johnny. Great to see you. Great to to to to feel March creeping up here. Did you actually see that you were the face of college basketball? Did you see that tweet go viral? I don't know if you saw it, but someone from the stands, I don't know if you saw PF dfr. Someone from the stands caught John Fanta mid full fisted popcorn in his mouth and was like, this is the face of college basketball, whether you like it or not. And I was like, that's my fucking guy. He is.


That's, that was a help. That was, you know what, and I'm saying this as someone who does the same thing. 'cause my wife always gets mad at me when I take a handful of popcorn. You can feel that I'm taking, taking a handful of popcorn. Absolutely. There's an aura about a, a box or a bag of popcorn. And the, the fact of the matter is this popcorn, and I'm, I'm serious about, this is my absolute favorite snack. I can't live without it. I have to have, like, if I'm, if I'm at home chilling and watching the game that I'm, forget the chips. Forget the pretzels, forget the veggies and dip. Go straight for the Orville red and boxers and don't look back. Okay. Hold on. Very important question. 'cause I find myself as a popcorn connoisseur as well.


Yes. Do you always go microwave or do you get fancy with it? I have the, the air, it's not air fryer, but the air blower thing. And I also sometimes do it on the pan to give it a little extra taste. Do you do that? Yes. I've got a couple. I've got the o pop pop, which you can get on Amazon or, or any site. Okay. I highly recommend where you could put the kernels in. It's like a yellow, it looks like a silicone bowl, but it, but it's, I I promise you it's totally safe. You could pop. I have that as well. Pop The popcorn and then all you have to do is take the top off. Yep. And it's the, it doubles down as the bowl. Yep. Yep. So it it saves you the glass, it saves you having to pull out the plastic bowl.


No. If when home it's homemade, it's, I have the old school Orville redden B or the electric spinner that, that goes around. And then you take it and you flip it upside down and then that becomes the bowl. Or you can put it in a bowl. But we've got a couple of homemade makers and I've got the whirly pop too. Okay. On A summer night. Yes. Yes. On A PFT. Yeah. When I'm really feeling it and it got the bonfire going in a movie or something. It's downtime and, and you know, you've, you could throw something in the, in the dishes and say, ah, I can wait till Sunday morning. I've had a couple pops. I'll go with that too. But popcorn to me, you, if you're home, if you're not on the road, what are you doing?


Make it homemade. Yes. Make it the right, right way. The way it was meant to be made. Yes. Look, Here's, Here's, and you get the added bonus of your entire house smelling like popcorn. Yeah. Which is better than any candle out there. And I like to, I like to mix it up too with the different seasonings. I like to go not strictly butter all the time, but I'm a big fan of the, like the white cheddar cheese. I like that taste. I like to put a little lemon pepper on there too. Lemon pepper seasoning on the popcorn is a nice treat. I got the machine that melts my butter on top. So you put the butter on top and then it melts it for you. And then you, and then you put it on. Look, here's the tweet of, of Johnny Fanta inaction. Yeah. But I'm seeing all those kernels going into the mouth. You've Yeah. No, he's, it's clean. He's, he's just going f like that super hot.


That's a man's, that's a man's handful. No, no dainty shit. It's an efficient shovel of popcorn. You're not, you're, you know, it's, it's a dunk. You should be making all those. Listen, That was a situation where I had, my wife and I are are very excited. We're expecting We're, we're thrilled. Congrat. We're looking congrat Forward to. Congrats. Good. Wait. Thank you. Thank you baby boy. Due in May, we had the one o'clock appointment right on Friday. I had a game on Saturday that I was calling. And it was in Philadelphia. It was at Drexel. Charleston and Drexel. Little mid-major game. I'll do any game in the country. Every college basketball game's beautiful to me. Yep. And hop in the car rental, zip down to downtown Philly.


Well, as you guys know, it was congestion on a Friday evening, get in the hotel room, take a quick shower, zip over to Wells Fargo. Sat down. I'm not a big, like, let me sit down in the building and go get dinner. Like I, that's not who I am. I'm like, but I gotta have something. And so I went up and got a, a big box of, of, of corn and sat down and enjoyed some Friday night hoops. I love it. And had a blast. Had a blast doing it. So that, I love it. You, you have to. Yeah. You, you, you gotta do it. Alright, well thanks for joining us, John. That's all we had. I was just popcorn talk. What are your thoughts on Smart Sunday? Guys? Talk to you in three weeks for selection. Sunday. Thanks. Alright. So I got my bone to pick with you. You ready for it? It's not really, it's not a serious one.


But, you know, I I, I love college hoops. I watch way too much. College hoops, I bet on every game. I needed a little more sense of urgency from you. When Xavier was blowing the cover today against Seton Hall, I needed a little bit more. They were up like 20 with five minutes left. That's going around right now. My Badgers is an all time bad loss on Saturday. But Xavier cutting the lead. And, and it was like one of those situations that, that that Seton Hall was never gonna win the game. But they went from no chance of covering to covering, I needed a little more urgency from you to let us know that this was, you know, threat level midnight. And if you had watched the whole game, like I had to, to watch save your cover and then just be like, what the fuck just happened?


I needed something there. Your dedication level to watching that, that game was stuck in neutral for a good Yeah. 45 minutes. That just shows why you're, you're different. You're a different breed to be able to, to go all the way through. Thanks for joining us. What was the spread? It was nine and a half. And I was like, this is, I I had it as like, oh man, this is easy. They were up 10, they were up 15, they were up 20. It was so easy. And then it was just like, no, let's, let's fuck around and, and let Seton Hall cut it to five with 40 seconds left. So to me, this embodies college basketball. Sorry that I didn't have more urgency there on the, on the spread. I Appreciate it. That that really, that that's an apology there.


And and you could, you could pick that bone anytime 'cause we're, I don't wanna see you get your money taken from you. What I will say is this, this is why I tell people on the, on the tournament, when people say when, when the non, when the non casuals better, like the guy who literally puts down two or three or four things in the entire year. Super Bowl, March Madness, and maybe they do something during the NBA finals or World Series or whatever. I I tell them just play any 13, any 14, any 15, and go ahead, dump, dump, 50 bucks, $30, whatever on any 16 you're gonna come out. Okay. Yeah. Because this is the sport. Like yes, college football has insanity.


There's no question about it. It it, it has some absolutely bonkers results. But college basketball from that perspective, guys is just, at times I don't, I mean, for lack of a better term, disgusting with the endings of games. Yeah. And you know, whereas it, whereas you might need to go 90 yards for a touchdown if it's a bucket. If the difference is literally a basket, somebody could heave the ball 50 feet. Yeah. And it could go into the, it could go into the, the basket and it could produce a total turn of events in Vegas. So that's why I say, you know, it, there's nothing, the, the, we call it Mark madness. Nobody ever rolls their eyes when you say it.


People say it's the best. It's the best. I I live for it. I can't wait. The only part I hate about is that it only lasts three weeks and it really lasts two weeks. 'cause then you got the final four and it's, it's a matter of three games. It, that's Seton Hall was down by 21. They trailed by double digits. The majority of the game. They were within three with a minutes ago. Yeah. It, it embodies this sport. Expect the unexpected. And if you wanna have fun in a sport, go ahead and have fun college basketball and take the home dogs and let it fly. Yeah, It is, it's crazy. I mean, the Oregon, Wisconsin game, which was, which I, I should be more mature to not let it ruin my Saturday, but it 100% ruined my Saturday. They were up 16 with six minutes left. Or Arizona BYU late night last night where it's like, Got a prediction for you.


You got phantom calls. Yeah. Go, go. Best thing that ever happened to Wisconsin was that one. I agree. Thank you. Best thing that ever happened, they're gonna go back in the lab. Yep. Greg, Greg Guard is going to rip his team apart over the next couple of days. I think Guard, I understand Wisconsin fans have been frustrated at times because they've been looking for his teams to turn a corner offensively. This is his best offensive team. Yeah. The the ball pops. John, Tom Jay's a beast. Blackwell fantastic player. Max k Cleman a matchup problem. Wisconsin can still be trusted. Don't let one unravel job at home. Big Cat tell you. And I, and I tell you're not one of those guys. No. But you know, you know, there's Badger fans out there who are like, same old, no, same old.


I'm here to tell you right now, it's not the same old Wisconsin. And I believe in this team, I believe in this team as much as, as any of the top teams in the Big 10. Yeah, no, I agree. I listen Kirk Penny has done a great job, you know, making that modern offense. And it was just a bad, it was just one of those games that like, you just, it just ruins your mood. But I agree. You need, you need, it's hard to win in conference. Oregon's a good team. They're a tournament team. Yeah. Hopefully they can galvanize around it. Yeah. That's what you hope for. Yeah. And by the way, Oregon just gave you all lesson now because when, if Dana Alban makes a sweet 16, everybody's like, how did that just happen? What just happened? They're talented. He's, you can't, I I would urge you if you're just joining college basketball, you know, because you, you were involved with football, which a lot of fans are.


Don't watch a team play once and say now. That's what I think of them. 'cause if you do that, you're doomed for failure when the madness comes. Yeah. Oregon, Oregon won the players era back in November. The, the joke was they played for money and they played totally better than they've played the rest of the year. Even though the guys are still getting paid pretty good money. And Phil Knight's got deep pockets out there, but they're a dangerous team. They, they, the Organ Ducks with Jackson Shead and Nate Biddle, who's a seven footer who is a matchup problem. Don't sleep on the ducks big Time. Don't sleep on the ducks. Dana Altman's great coach. I, I do make that mistake every year I I I really start paying attention to college basketball. Right. Like the day after the Super Bowl, that's when I like go binge all in on it.


And so I get a couple games under my belt, but it just confuses me because I make my snap judgements and then I find out that I'm totally wrong about my snap judgments. Then I go into the tournament just having no idea what to do. Would you say, 'cause I actually thought the same thing that you just said about Wisconsin and the loss they had to Oregon. I kind of felt the same way about Kentucky getting their ass kicked a little bit. I mean it was a different game, obviously Wisconsin and overtime, but Kentucky getting, getting handled by Alabama. I thought that Pope is gonna do a good job in turning his guys around and having them ready to play in the tournament. Is that, is that crazy for me to think that It, it's not crazy provided that Lamont Butler and Jackson Robinson are healthy for Kentucky.


If those two guys are healthy, PFT then you're gonna be talking about a, a situation where Kentucky's offense is as dynamic as many of the top offenses in the country because they've got flame throwers. Kobe Brea is a stud. He's one of the best pure shooters in the sport. Amari Williams as a big man on both ends of the floor. Really good defender. I think that that's the biggest What if for Kentucky, are they going to be able to play defense in the tournament? They could score it well, which I love. Like if I'm picking between a team that's just defensively stout or a team that can get buckets quickly.


I'm taking the ladder in today's day and age. Ask Tennessee's been better the last two years, but like that held them back. Texas a and MI don't trust them. I don't trust 'em in the tournament 'cause of, 'cause at times they get stuck in the mud. Being physical is great until every ref in America calls a foul two minutes into the game because they say I in March madness, the officials are getting evaluated for the next rounds. Just like the teams are getting, are trying to move on. The officials get told whether or not they're moving on to the next round. So when there's a bunch of calls in the game, it's 'cause they're trying to follow the rules so that they can advance and make more money. The fact is, Kentucky, I like Kentucky's upside still. I am not out on Kentucky. I don't think anybody should be.


But we know this, when this team shows up for their first round game, there's gonna be the narratives, the spotlight Now on Mark Pope, can he be different than cow? Can he, can he spin a different song and if they make the sweet 16, people didn't know what to expect from Pope in year one. Yeah, they haven't done that since 2019. I do like, I still like their upside, but they've gotta get healthy. If they're not fully healthy, they're a team that maybe they win a first round game. I don't trust them enough to make the Sweet 16. They need Robinson. They need Butler, but they've got dudes. Man, they, that team had put together some terrific early season results and they're very difficult to defend. Yeah, They can light it up. Your Big East has, let's just be honest, John, down year, some of the teams have been down, you know, Yukon has been, I would say Danny Hurley would say it has been a disappointment overall.


But St. John's has been the bright light in St. John's. We had Coach Petino in here last week. They look for real. And I think, you know, they, they're, they might be more towards the text a and m than a Kentucky where they do struggle shooting the ball at times. But their defense is ferocious. And I trust Rick Pitino in a tournament setting. What do you think the ceiling is for St. John's and maybe like the Big East overall, do you think there's maybe a chance that some of these big East teams and Marquette could surprise teams even though the conference as a whole is a little down compared to last year? So first and foremost, St. John's can make the final four and the statistical data backs it up.


Just this past week, this was on social. Since 2011, there have only been two teams that have shot less than 32 point a 5% from three and have made the final four. They were Rick Tino's Louisville teams, one of one of which won a national championship. No NCAA. You can't take away a banner and a trophy from Russ Smith and Payton Siva. That's not I I I don't know where you two stand. No, I agree. Yeah, he's got a tattoo. He had to get the tattoo removed. He's got a tattoo. Yeah, yeah. Forget it. Yeah. Come on, come on. Now thi this St. John's team plays a lot like those Louisville teams. They are relentless. So here's what they've got going for them. Multiple explosive guards who make plays for their teammates.


RJ Lewis, he could be biggie's player of the year. That kid never stops. He has fully understood what Rick Pitino is about. Kaari Richmond, Brooklyn Boy putting on for his city, living for the big spotlight and delivering in that spotlight. So those two, they, they get everything started for this team in a lot of ways. When you can dump it into Zubie edge of four, and he's playing at the level that he's playing at. Davon Smith brings the fire. Smith and Richmond are like fire and ice. Smith with his pace. Richmond kind of this back to the basket. Uncle Drew, I'm gonna put you to sleep but then make you pay type game. St.


John's is a New York team that has a New Yorker who's out to write his last chapters, his way to go out his way. What Patino is doing, as you guys felt in your studio, you felt what I'm feeling covering Patino. This is a guy who's been through everything in his career and now is a really refreshing personality in college basketball because he doesn't give a damn. And he's out to do one thing, win win, win, win. And he's got Mike Pley backing him with money. He's got Madison Square Garden on fire again, feeling like Nick playoff ga playoff games for a big East contest against the likes of Crayon or Xavier or over the weekend now Connecticut.


And they, they are a real threat to make it to San Antonio this April. And oh, what a scene that would be. Yeah. If Rick Patino is down there at the Final Four, that would be wild. In terms of the rest of the Big East, I'm with you. Marquette has definitely struggled as of Lake Camp Jones is still a stud. Connecticut has to have a, they're just not what they've been the last two years. The question now is can they, can they win two tournament games and be one in the Sweet 16 for them? I think they're a victim of their success in terms of the narrative. You know, Dan Hurley, we know what he said and that he's, he's certainly made headlines with, with all of that. I think they've had trouble accepting the fact that they're not a national title contender. Right. And so as a result things have sort of spun off.


Like it's not good, but because there's just an okay team, a solid team, now people are going crazy. Say some people are like, well they stink now. Well, right. Compared to last year, you weren't gonna duplicate that guys. There's a reason why John Wooden's the only guy who's done that. Yeah.


Part of my take is sponsored by Better Help. We often hear about the red flags that we should avoid. But what if we focus more on looking for green flags and friends and partners. If you're not sure what they look like, therapy can help you identify green flags, actively practice them in your relationships and embody the green flag energy yourself. Whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or just working on yourself, it's time to form relationships that love you back. I've gone to therapy, it's helped me in the past. I think a lot of people could benefit from it. And Better Help is a great example because it's fully online. So it makes therapy affordable, convenient, and it serves over 5 million people worldwide. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Discover your relationship, green Flags with Better Help. Visit Better help.com/pmt today. Get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com/pmt. And now here's more. John Fanta.


Yeah, no, you're right. And and I actually, I, I enjoyed hearing his honesty over the weekend. That clip where he was like, I, you know, we lost our swagger in Maui and I can't coach him the same way and I can't, I can't be as tough on them. That probably hurts some of those guys, but you never know. I mean, that's why the tournament is a tournament. You get hot at the right time, you can, they still have guys that you know, have been there 100%. You still have people who understand what it takes to perform on that stage. And in the NCA tournament, that's very helpful because I can't tell you how many teams and UConn won't be one of these teams they play in an NCA tournament first or second round game. And you watching them, you don't recognize them.


Like you, you genuinely do not understand what you're watching. You're like, this is not the team that, that I watch throughout the season. So it's, you're exactly right. Big Cat is, is this is a Connecticut team that I still think with Liam McNeely solo ball. And, and if Hassan Diar can stay healthy, the problem is you went from Adamo Suno, Donovan Klingon to Donovan Klingon, Sampson Johnson, Samson Johnson and and Terrace Reed. Neither one of them's a one on an elite team. Yeah. And that's, that's where, that's where things have gone wrong. Watch out for Creon still where Ryan Lk Brenner is at an absolute beast.


Stephen Ashworth is a terrific point guard and you just know the Big East Tournament could throw a curve ball or two, but St. John's hasn't won it since 2000. And I can't help but think that Lou CCA is smiling down on this team and providing some magic fun. You know, just a, a touching note, but an interesting note, when, when Jor John Thompson passed away in 2020, Georgetown proceeded to win the Big East Tournament. True. And Patrick, Patrick Ewing told me John Thompson was here with us. He made this happen. You know, Rick is an unbelievable coach, but if St. John's were to win this and they haven't done it a quarter century, it's, it is Patino. But the year that Louis passed that, that I, I wouldn't bet against the Red Storm because not only are they really good guys, but there's something magical with this team.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I mean I I'm hoping they get to San Antonio too. That'd be so much fun if they were in the Final four. Yeah. And Rico Bosco would look like the dumbest person alive. Yeah, that's true. So back, back to Dan Hurley again real quick. Do you think that if you were to give him, you know, truth serum and, and hook him up to a lie detector and ask him, do you regret not taking the Lakers job this off season? What do you think he'd say? I don't think that he would regret it neither. I Don't think that he would. I don't think I, no, I I don't think he lives with regret that he didn't take that job. I don't, because I think that Dan is so happy with his wife and his situation of being the king.


And this goes back to, to why I feel he didn't take it. If you go to the NBA, you become secondary, if not tertiary, if not whatever the next wheel is. Fourth, fifth, sixth wheel. You could get in the headlines, but not for the right reasons. Think about the best NBA coaches like, okay, Joe Missoula goes crazy on an, on an official. And so yes, that makes headlines. But like, are we talking daily about how great Joe Missoula is? No, we're talking, I mean, for better or for the right or wrong reason. We're talking about Jason Tatum and we're talking about Brown and we're talking about their core of players white and company who make them a championship team.


The coach's story gets told by the local press and people covering it and you guys will bring it up if they win another championship. But like, we're not, we're not breaking down NBA head coaches during this time of year hurley's in the headlines every day. Yeah. And don't tell me, don't tell. He loves it. And that's a good thing. Like I, we need more of that energy in college basketball. My my my reason for it is there are some people out there who despise him. There are some people out there who love him. You two do a show. That's the premise in a good way. We wanna be talking about it during conference championship week of the NFL they got done breaking down, you know, Mahomes and, and Alan and you know, what, what would happen in, in the NFC and if the, if the commanders could pull it off and what, what the Eagles would be doing, they got done with, with the segment on debate shows and the B block was Hurley saying he's the best coach in the sport and what do we make of this?


Or, or that he went off on another official that he went crazy. Here he is who he is unapologetically. But you're not getting, if he's doing that in the NBA guys, we're look, the NBA people are looking at it as this isn't gonna last. Right? Yeah, yeah. It's just not gonna last. It's different. He would've had, he would've had to change everything about his act, I feel, to be in the NBA where coaches to me are not the priority. The, the NBA is the furthest thing from a coaches league. Yeah. If you even so much as, as make one mistake, you could be eaten up and thrown out. Yeah. I immediately, he is best in college. I don't think he regrets it. I I Agree. I I like him in college as well. I want to go down to the a CC real quick because you just had a take that you think that Maryland is a dark horse to reach the Final Four.


How much did that pain you to say that John Fanta after? Because we all know that you hate Maryland and you've hated and now you're all of a sudden outta nowhere, you're giving credit to the TURPs. They're good. Well, I love that you went down to the a CC to talk Maryland. 'cause Maryland deserves to be in the A. Correct. They're, they're an a, c, C team and they always will be. So that was really, that was so well done by you. By The way, that tournament should be in Greensboro every year for The record. Yeah. 100 100. Yeah. Million percent. The a CC tournament should never be anywhere but Greensboro. Yeah. Keep your conference tournament in the same location every year. Yep. Why? Yep. Familiarity is good. As for Maryland, they are dangerous.


Kevin Willard has done a terrific job with this team. Why Derrick Queen, throwback player. He's got this Moses Malone style to his game as, as, as style as that could get in 2025 when he's got the ball, the game slows down, but you're forced to play it that way. Julian Reese tough. I mean, this guy plays with muscle. He's on the attack. He's, he's a good defender. He understands the assignments. And then last year you talked about Marilyn's front court, but last year they didn't have enough guard play and they certainly didn't have enough shot making. So I think much like Greg Gardner and his staff, Kevin Willard and his staff went to the lab and they said, look, we wanna play hard, we wanna be gritty.


That's all nice and whatnot. Toughness is awesome, but at the end of the day, we don't even have a Jack GoldKey on our team. Right. We need to find shot making Jacoby. Gillespie's been that seldom Miguel's been that Rodney Rice is that as well. The crab five is outstanding, by the way. Whoever came up with crab five to, to describe the Maryland starting five, that is an elite job right there. You've got Scott Vamp, PEL court side cheering you on. He's so into it and I, I love it about him and Maryland basketball when they're cooking, they're one of the brands that's fun in the sport. That fan base is electric.


They're gonna be all over us talking about them right here, right now. I think they're dangerous. You know why? They're not over reliant on any one or two piece pieces to win. They've got a nice complimentary balance to their group in terms of they don't, they don't say we gotta get post scoring. No, they, they use the drives to kick and hit threes and because they're hitting threes, Maryland can go deep. Yeah, No, I agree. Marilyn. Like the, the one thing you could say about Maryland is they, they have maybe a thin bench. I always will take a great starting five over. Like, it, like, I, I never understood when te when people are like, oh, you know, we go 11 deep, we go, you know, 10 deep.


Listen, you don't, when it gets crunch time, you gotta have your best five guys. And Marilyn has an incredible five guys. It's a load of crap when people are like, yeah, I, I go, I've got nine or 10 deep. Okay, do you put nine people on the floor at the end of the game in the sweet 16? No. Give me your best five. They're 18 to 22-year-old kids. I also laugh when people are like, yeah, they, they're getting tired. This guy's wearing down. Yeah. They, these kids come back to campus in July, it's too long. Co in college basketball. Like they get three weeks off and they have to come back and start working out. That's the problem with the calendar. The kids wanna play in the games. The games are the fun of this sport. Not the transfer portal.


Chaos. You need five or six. You need five or six guys. You need a six man and maybe a body, a post body at seven or eight. Jay Wright. Jay Wright won a national championship with six players. Yeah. Yeah. It's the old Pat Riley where it was like play six, trust five. Yeah. You know what it is when, right. You know what it is When, when you say, oh, I, I can go eight or nine deep. Yeah. That, that's my life during Brown's training camp this upcoming summer. Well, you know, we feel, we feel that we've got two or three really strong options, you know, potentially a quarterback and I'm gonna be staring at a rookie. Yeah. Another backup who should be at Walmart and a and a and a veteran pickup.


Probably Kirk Cousins. Yeah. Like that's, that's probably what I'm gonna be staring at. Yeah. You probably will know. And, And and you know, what happens when, when they say to you, we've got two options here. It means you don't have one. Yeah. That's Facts. That's facts. Actually talk about the a CC. This is my strategy. Tell me if it is a sound strategy or really stupid. I have just ignored Duke. I am gonna ignore Duke and I'm gonna say the a CC is so bad that Duke is completely inflated and once they get into the tournament, I'm not gonna have to worry about them. There's, I mean, a CC might have three teams in the tournament. SMU might be their fourth, but Clemson, Louisville are good. Duke obviously is great, but am I making a mistake by just completely ignoring Duke and being like, look, they played nobody that that whole conference sucks.


As soon as they step up into the tournament, they're gonna get a rude awakening. I'm not gonna have to worry about 'em Now. It's not the right strategy. God Dammit. I knew. I know it's not, but it's the only way I can deal with it. Do you think a buddy texted me on Saturday night and they said, you know, and, and I couldn't help but chuckle in a good way. I mean, I, I know you have your own, so I'll bring it up on this show. But they said Coach K cuts down the nets this April Shire takes down his piece and hands Mike the scissors Man, that would kill me. I mean, I know they're killing teams, but the a CC sucks, John. It sucks. Well, is Illinois Illinois, are they in the a CC now? They Illinois is very injured.


You know that they're, they had the flu. Their season has completely gone sideways. Duke is damn good. They are, they are a spectacular team. They're a wagon defensively. I just think the amount that their length does to alter you can't run your your game plan, plan A or B against what they're gonna do because they're gonna come out Cion James said, I'm gonna get on Caspar Shaone, who's a top five pick in the draft. And he said, I'm gonna limit him. And, and even if he makes some shots, I'm still gonna do what I can to shut him down as much as possible. But then it goes beyond that to me, the fact that they were dominating to the level that they dominated in that first half against Illinois.


Yeah. Held them to o for 16 from three. I had Illinois fans being like, it's not them holding us. We're just, we can't make a shot. Get outta here. You you, you couldn't make it because of how they defended you. Oh, number two, Cooper flag only had one field goal make in the first half. This is not just because of Cooper flag. Like he, he has a lot to do with it. And I think Cooper is a, is a fan fantastic player And we will be the number one pick in this draft. Full stop. It's over the, if on draft day you wake up and the betting lines are getting shaken up by insiders and stuff, enough it ain't happening. He's going number one. There's no reason why anybody should pick anybody else there or take that risk on you gotta pick him first. But it goes beyond him.


This team, Isaiah Evans has turned into a different player now. Con K Nipple. He, he plays the game a little crazy intensity wise in a good way. He's got Cam Spencer like jeans. Remember Spencer for econ last Yeah. Last year. A little bit of like Kniple always going crazy. Yeah. Farmer Malo watch really strong. They didn't even have Malik Brown, but like they, if they're making any perimeter shots, any it's over. Yeah. They, they are not going to lose. Now the, your hope Big Cat is that they show up to the Alamo Dome. If they do, let's say they make the final four, I'm sorry, it is a football stadium.


There is a unique shooting background and you, and sometimes teams that are kind of iffy from a shooting perspective can shoot miserably and then the game looks a whole lot different. Game always looks better when the shots are going in. But right now, if you force me to take Duke slash Auburn or the field today, I would take Duke slash Auburn. Mm. You wouldn't listen Florida's good's good. I mean the entire SEC Texas Tech is really good. Is awesome. Like if you were to say, do you think that the winner of the SEC tournament is also going to play in the championship game or not, what would you say to that? No, I'd say no. 'cause I think Auburn could get taken outta that earlier than expected.


Yeah. Because I think there's gonna be some teams that may be a little more desperate. Desperate. Yeah. And I, I also don't trust conference tournament champions and just, just by virtue of it takes a lot for you to do that, to win it. And then you've gotta go right back to the road and play in the NCA tournament and you just play till Saturday or Sunday. I always look bracket help here at Thursday or Friday at the latest losers in their conference tournament if they're a steady NCA tournament team. 'cause I like the fact they can go back, they're pissed off. They didn't win their conference tournament, they got a couple extra days to rest. They went back, they saw their girlfriends on campus, get a nice free weekend with your honey.


And then you say, here's how I, here's how I go dancing. NC State last year though, that was Desperate NC they needed it State Last year was that was the but They, they kept it going. One of the wildest Cinderellas we've we've ever seen. And I That's inexplicable. Yeah. But that's why we watch. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I was thinking about that. Like even, here's the best part about March Madness by the championship game. Even somebody who I love the sport, I'm like bummed out that it's over and it's one game. So let's just say it's Duke and Auburn. It's a dream matchup for the sport. But the best part is Duke's in one region, Auburn's in another region. That means there's two, like, let's just say, and, and by the way, I would say if you, if you made me bet, I'd say, okay, I'm gonna be wrong on one of 'em.


And one of 'em bows out earlier than expected. But I would, I'm saying I'm getting one of them to, to win it all. Yeah. There's still two other regions that Duke and Auburn have no control over. Yep. That the chaos is gonna happen. That's why the madness is the best. It's nonstop you looking going from true TV to TNT to TBS to CBS and saying, what the hell is going on right now in my life. It really is. And then you get your Jack Goldies involved. You get your magical moments like that. It really is the best. It's The best event that you wake up a day, you wake up on a sports day and you're, it's a glorious day, but by the end of the day you are saying someone's name that you didn't know existed at the beginning of the day. Yeah.


Don't sleep on Florida. John Love Them. Florida's good and they're getting guys back and it's like their size is a problem. They've, you know, they're, they're, they have three losses on the season. I know that two of them were away. They've only lost once at home. They're a good team, really Good team. They're very good. And, and Walter Clayton and Elijah Martin are studs. Walter Clayton isn't all American. When Elijah Martin's on, he's won too. And Chin had a very good performance this past weekend. They're big. Alex Condon's taken that next step. They just got hand logged and back. They are tough man. Like that team is very, very good. They are an offensive juggernaut. They can come at you in waves.


I agree with PFT, Texas Tech Tough Grant. McCaslin has done a great job. JT Toppin absolute stud. They've got depth. Elijah Hawkins is a, is a really good distributor of the basketball in terms of other teams like, like teams that are, you know, not at the top of the country, but I still like a lot. Not at the very top of the country anyways. Don't let a Michigan loss to Michigan State get you out on Michigan. Oh, I think Michigan's overrated. Although I love Dandy Wolfe. I think Michigan's overrated. I think Michigan State is the team Like, well Tom Izzo, Keith's got a group that, how magical would it be if Izzo and your 30 made the final four? Yeah. Yeah. But wait, go go on Michigan though.


'cause my, my problem in Michigan is they, they're sloppy with the ball and I think that just kills you in the tournament. Yeah, it can be. But but sometimes when you play together that long, your numbers don't tell the full story when you get on the big stage. And that's kind of where my argument is, is like at some point, Amari Burnett, Trey Donaldson, Roddy Gale and Company are just, I I'm betting on them. I'm betting on Dusty May who's made a Final Four run and I'm betting on veteran players. Like they, they might, they might be turnover prone, but I just know that I've got VLA Gold and Danny Wolf and in the NCA tournament, you, my opponent have likely never seen any combination like that because of the uniqueness of it.


Yeah. So I think they pose matchup problem big time to what they, to what they can do. But there's a number of these types of teams that could be really interesting in the tournament. I mean, you can go right down the line like Mississippi State down there in Starkville, he's, Chris Chance has a really intriguing team. St. Mary's is tough again and they're gonna win the w ccc How about Randy Bennett and the job that he does year in and year out, having them as good as they are and there are Cinderella teams, there are a couple teams wearing the slipper. Again, Drake can wear that slipper. Yale is back and loaded and don't sleep on the Akron zips out of the Mid-American.


Okay. Yeah. What about, what about Houston? I keep waiting for Houston for it to finally be their year and last year it did feel like it could have been different until the unfortunate injury. But I, I still think from what I've seen from Houston, they're a very tough team. They're a team that you don't wanna play against. That's kinda the style they always play. Do you think that they would have a chance? Do you know what the difference is? PFT? That that makes me say they have a chance. They're shot making. Houston's always been held back by having multiple guys who can dial it up from downtown. So they've had Marcus Sasser, they've had Jamal shed, they've had some talented individuals.


This feels like a perimeter that really can share the sugar and make threes and waves. LJ Crier had 28 points in the win over the weekend over Iowa State. Crier had a couple step backs that were flat out ridiculous. Emanuel Sharp is steady, he's tough. If you're gonna go to Houston, you have to be tough. You know, it's, it's, it's like, it's like going to, you know, like if you're not gonna play hard for Kelvin Sampson to be tough, you're gonna go get sent to Weenie Hut Jrs. Like, it's just how it is. It's a non-negotiable. Like he, he has someone stand there at the, at the, the front of the club and it, if you don't bring that, you're done.


And I don't care if it's practice, I don't care if it's summertime, I don't care if it's a team bonding trip to a lake. You have to be tough. Yeah. And they have, but the guy that's opened things up for them is Milo Huan. Milo Huan is a clutch shop maker. Big time shop Shotmaker. And they, Jawan Roberts is a guy who's embraced his role. This is Kelvin's best offensive team. I've, I'm never worried about whether they can get stops or not, but in the past, you guys know this Houston, Tennessee like a and m's. Good. But I wor when you get similar. Yeah. When your goal, goal is to get team stuck in the mud in a game of shot making where the opponent has those types of players, at some point you can't get them into the mud.


Houston can win a game out of the mud this year. Yeah, I agree with that. Alright, a couple last questions. Who's gonna be the Indiana ne the next coach for Indiana? I, If I had to to make a prediction right now, I would say TJ SEL Berger. Oh, I think he makes a lot of sense. Yeah. Very good. I think, I think he's done a phenomenal job at Iowa State and I think he's been outstanding at Iowa State, but I think that this guy is one of the, the best coaches in the sport who can take on the Indiana fan base and will be strong. So if, if I were to, it should be the guy that Indiana pursues the most. And I'm just thinking if I'm Scott Dolson who's running this search, you gotta bow down to whoever you're hiring and say like, look, we, we need you.


Right, right. You know, everyone's like, everyone's like, oh, it's Indiana, the aura, the come on man. Kids don't know about that. They don't like, they see the candy cane pants. But the, the days of Coach Knight, I mean, you know, God, God bless 'em and, and, and may rest in, in peace. But like, the fact is that was a long time ago. You gotta get a guy who coaches with toughness who gets his teams to play endlessly hard and a guy who can educate the kids on what it means to play in Indiana. Yeah. I think Goel Berger's one of the best three coaches in the sport. The, the building job he's done in Iowa State. Think about this. Iowa state hasn't made a final four since 1944. He could lead them to the only their second final four ever this year.


Yeah. He's been awesome. He and they're a good team. They, they've been a little banged up, but they're a very good team. Alright. How I I I enjoy so much. The John Fanta X Can I give one of before Yeah. Sorry to cut you off. Yeah. My favorite, my favorite ending would be Indiana, who just beat Purdue makes the NCA tournament. They're on the bubble. They win a game or two and Mike Woodson sits down and, and says after Yeah, after the game. You know what, I actually have had second thoughts. I'll be back next year. Yeah. They are a Bubble team. I mean this is a big win for them today. And and they, they've had flashes where they've looked really good. Even the first time they played Purdue, they played their balls off. They, they they lost it. Mackey. But Woodsy can do that though. Yeah. With That. Yeah. No, it, he's Got he's still the coach.


It's absolutely true. So, alright, so I love the, the, the Twitter lives and Twitter spaces you do when you fly off the handle of people. What, what's a like, 'cause I feel like it's, it's almost like a, you got a francesa thing going where it's like, Hey, if you, if you come at me incorrect, you're gonna get shown the door pretty quickly. What's a big like No-no. When someone comes at, at John Fanta in your spaces. Well, when a caller says, I, excuse me, I'm talking, or John, this is where you're wrong or No John, you're not listening to me. And it's like, I just got done listening to you for two and a half, three minutes. Yeah. Look, I love the fans. Love it.


Just like you guys do too. And we, And we bring 'em into different stuff and engage. But there's a hey, like, it's somebody, somebody came on like two weeks ago and was like, here's where you're wrong on Providence. Here's where you're wrong. And all these things. And like is talking down to me. Come On. It's your space. I'm not putting up with that. That's not like there's a line to cross there. Yeah. And it's, it's like when I was growing up and my dad said, these are the things that you have to do on Saturday. These are your chores. And if you started to speak up and say why one of the chores was a bunch of bullshit you got caught. You, that was the end of it. Yeah. You got hung up on that was Yeah.


It's a non-negotiable. You were sent out to the yard and you were picking the weeds in the mulch and maybe that night you got to sit, sit out on the patio and have a diet coke. But the fact is like that's not, you don't come into the space and start trying to run it. Then we have, 'cause it's spaces, it's not radio. So like, I like, we'll have people come on and you guys know this, like, they start telling me everything they know about the game, but like we're talking Xs and os in the weeds deep. And they get, and it's like four and a half, five minutes. And I, I've said before to the people do, does this do sir, do you have a wife?


And the guy will say back to me like, yes I do. I go, well one, does she ever get a word in edgewise? Like, does she ever listen to yourself? You know, we've all been at the cocktail party or the, or the wedding or the, the thing where we love, we love somebody. We love our our parents' friend or the friend of a friend. But you know, when you're having a beer or a wine, you've got a budget out about 10 to 13 minutes to get their latest thoughts on whatever's happening in the sports world. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So what fan base is it that gives you the most grief? Oh boy. I mean I, the, the fan bases that cause the most chaos up in the Northeast. Look, the Yukon fans are relentless in their pursuit.


Providence fans can be absolutely unhinged out of control. You don't know where things are gonna go and it's just how they are. That's Friar town. It's what they do. They can't forget about Ed Cooley. Nope. And so every space has at least one caller who just turns up, turns it up, up on the intensity meter and they get started. Who else has come at me? I mean, big Blue Nation and and I are, are very close. Like we're, we're in a good place. I get the a CC fans who are mad at me sometimes when I'm like, look like, I'm sorry but North Carolina, they're not a tournament team. No. And if they didn't have the North Carolina name, we wouldn't even be talking about them.


Like that's just, that's just a fact. You know who got on me this year a lot Purdue fans. Oh. For not having them in the top 10. During times when people thought it one week I ranked 'em like 21st. Now with the way they're playing recently, they just lost Indiana. Like they're back to the twenties this week. Yeah. It's not just on the edge. They're they're not a top 10 team. They're not a top 12 team. They're just not. No. They, they don't, they don't defend well like they miss Ededie so much. They should have just brutal. Kept him forever. Should have been like, hey, like Sue the NCAA for a lifetime deal with Ed. Whoever makes the ED statue should one demand triple the money.


'cause it's a seven foot four statue and two, like, you have to get that right. Yeah. Like sports subculture thought here. What's going on with statue makers lately? I know It's been bad. They Yeah. Yeah. I mean like wired tired. Yeah. Or statue maker's tired. Who's, who's somebody? Whoever the statue maker is out there, this is your chance to step up. Yeah. I Don't, we're teaching statue making anymore. What's that? We're not teaching it. The kids don't learn how to make a statue in school anymore. No, I mean come on, wake up and, and whoever's tasked with that get it right. Yes. I Agree. Yes. That's what I mean. The Washington commanders, the one good thing that they ever did with Dan Snyder was the Sean Taylor statue because it didn't have a statue to it, so you couldn't screw it up.


It was just an empty suit. Yeah. It was perfect. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, John, I got one last question for you.


Rollback question R-H-O-P-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code take.


This has been awesome. Getting everyone pumped for March Madness. Catching you up on college basketball. My last question is, could, could you throw down a dunk for us? Absolutely. Why not? Let's Go. Okay. It's got the, for people who are listening, John John's got his, his mini hoop behind him. So there's little dunk. Yeah. There's one dilemma with this. Okay. So this is a new office set up and my wife set up the hoop and she did tell me when she set it up on the wall, don't dunk on it. 'cause the hoop is literally wrenched to the wall. Oh. But because you two asked, I'll try it anyway. Wow. What Does John p brought down the whole house? Tear that shit down, John.


It's a load bearing hoop. All right. He's going up. Oh man. What a slam. What a slam. Oh, another one. Oh, is He a triple slam? Oh. Oh. Off the backboard. Wow. Hey, There we go. That's some lateral quickness for his good. Let, let's dance. Here comes the madness. Let's Dance. Let's do it John. I love it. John, you're the best. We'll, we'll definitely have you back on when we get to conference championship week in the tournament. Love talking to you. And you, you are the face of college basketball. Thank you guys. That's very, very humbling. I appreciate that.


And if you're a fan out there as we're talking and when this goes live, you are inside three weeks away from the best postseason tournament in American sports. Facts Gonna be great facts. Alright, thank you John. Thank you guys.


John Fanta was brought to you by Kevin's Natural Foods. If you haven't tried Kevin's Natural Foods, you're missing out. I love the Siwan chicken. The General SOS chicken is outstanding too. The stir fry kicks kits are amazing and they're super, super easy to cook up. If you want a delicious protein packed meal on the table in five minutes, Kevin's natural foods heat and serve entrees are perfect. It's clean, nutritious. These meals taste like something you get in a restaurant. Kevin's entrees include fully cooked beef or chicken and incredible sauces. So all you need to do is heat and eat. It's hard to believe something this tasting and healthy can be ready this fast. Kevin sent us a bunch of their natural foods. They've been in my refrigerator, I've been eating them all the time. Great for lunches, great for dinners. If you're in a rush, they're on the table in five minutes and they do taste restaurant quality and you can tell that it's good. Clean food, nutritious food. You can skip the greasy takeout and grab Kevin's Natural Foods instead. It's the perfect mealtime hack and it's faster than takeout. Find Kevin's in the refrigerated section at your local grocery store.


Fanta was also brought to you by TGL. This is TGL presented by SoFi. Its golf's newest league in all new indoor arena style golf where high tech meets higher stakes meets primetime ESPN. And the next match of the season is teeing off. Monday, February 24th. That's tonight. We got LA versus New York And we got Boston versus Atlanta. And then on Tuesday we got the bay against Jupiter HOA that Yeah, the the whole planet has a team. That's crazy. Hell yes. Which team is home on Jupiter then? I'm a Jupiter fan. Yep. Big Jupiter guy. We ride with Jupiter. We do biggest planet. It's three verse three match play. Biggest? Yeah. Oh shit. Oh, easily. And I think Jupiter's got rings right, but Not all like in our solar System, in our, well that, yeah. That's the only one that matters. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. I just didn't know if it was Like Bigger than all The planets. I think it might be the biggest planet in the universe. Okay. Yeah. Love that. And they wanted Max hoa. It's three verse three match play. It's team golf takes the competition or pro golf and places it inside an arena sports atmosphere. You got those six teams and you have 24 of the PGA tours. Best pitted against each other each week. Micd up players, shot clocks, refs never before seen holes. A moving green playoff, lights, camera, action. It all goes down in a first of its kind arena in Florida. Hank, I know you've been watching. It's fantastic. Fantastic. It's fantastic. I like that they talk some crap to each other. Yeah, it's good. It's good for golf. LA sits right now in second place. It's tight race up top. New York is building on its momentum from their first win. Boston is below the playoff line, while Atlanta looks to build from their impressive win last week. And on Tuesday the bay goes into their match against Jupiter Undefeated. While Jupiter looks to move up in the SoFi Cup standings, it does look like the best time ever. I would like to go to one at some point. Tune in tonight and tomorrow only on ESPN two and ESPN plus search and download the TGL app. Keep up with all the matches through matchup, live realtime stats, live interviews, highlights and more. This is TGL presented by SoFi. Keep up. It's golf.


Alright, let's wrap up. We got Monday Reading PFT. I sent it to you if you wanna do the Monday Reading. 'cause I also wanted to say this is a shorter Monday Reading before we do the longer one. We, I saw it a couple weeks ago and because we've been traveling and everything, this was just the tweet of the guy who said, the world needs to see this. Met this guy at the bar on Saturday. Ball Knowers, find Ball Knowers telepathically. An hour later we exchanged numbers. Now we've been tossing names back and forth all week and saying where they went. I know you're here somewhere, brother. And it was just a dude who met a random dude at the bar and they just, they linked up and that's all they've been doing.


Where'd This guy go to school? They, yeah, like, like he just sent Jammal Charles and then Texas. Texas and then Dexter McCluer back to him. I love it. South Carolina. And then I didn't know that. Like, you know Jason Whitten, Blaine Gabbard. Like back and forth. This is how dudes meet each other. Yeah. Yeah. This is sometimes male friendship people were hating on him. There should be. There should be Tinder. It should be a Tinder app for guys that just want to say dudes names to other dudes. Also, just gonna throw this out there. Steve Smith. If you had found someone like this, maybe you wouldn't be rearranging the IUDs. You know, be productive. Sometimes you just need someone, you know when, when you're thinking, Hey, I want to noted, I would like to come in some, some guy's wife instead.


Just text your buddy and just be like, I don't know. Bo Wallace, where'd he go to school? Yeah. I, it's honestly a very productive thing. I think that dudes should do this. Yeah. Just have a way to link up with other guys online just to say names. Okay. Also, Kyle Hamilton put out a thought provoking question last week on X the everything app. Oh. In a Royal Rumble format between every president that's ever lived. Who wins? Lincoln. You think? Lincoln? He's a wrestler. He's a wrestler. Taf probably has him by about, I don't know, a hundred pounds. Does he Have the stamina? Oh, Teddy Roosevelt got shot and gave the rest of his speech. No other president's done that.


Hank Mm. Per Hank Clinton's got them silent killers. Yeah. Just choke you out with his dick. Hugs under Hamilton. Kill the guy. Oh, I'm saying actual people that will kill you. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, yeah. If Obama was allowed to use his drones. Yeah. Wait, you think Hamilton, he's got bodies. Well, no. Didn't he get shot? I thought he killed a guy in a dual. Aaron Burr Never saw the Hamilton musical. Me neither. I think Ben, Ben Franklin. Ben Franklin would be a good one. He'd be a really good sch president. Schwartzenegger. Yeah. Ah, how do we not pick him first? Yeah, he would 100% be it. Yep. Alright, so Monday Reading, this is from Reddit.


Am I the asshole for pretending to think beans and chili are woke to prank my cousin who is obsessed with being anti woke and who loves chili. My cousin is known for making chili and he is good at it. He makes his own chili flakes from his secret combination of various dried chilies. It has a very nice kick. It's like the perfect amount of spice. It's hot, but not too hot. He also always adds kidney beans, not canned beans either. That's a process. Yeah. If they're cooking your own beans. Yeah. Committed to it. I, I like beans and chili. I'll just say it. I think it might be woke. Okay. Anyways, for the past two or three years, my cousin has become obsessed with all this bullshit about what is or isn't woke and how woke things are the end of the world.


He's always been a good dude. So I don't know what his bag is, but he's completely obsessed. It's annoying. So the other weekend I was at his place and he was making his famous chili. So I got the idea for a little prank. I was like, I'm surprised you still put beans in your chili. He was like, what? Why? I was like, beans and chili are so woke everyone's saying. So he was like, what do you mean? And he was genuinely concerned as if this was something serious. I said something like, yeah, beans and chili are woke. The original conservative Texans who made chili only used meat and chili. San Francisco Libs started as adding beans to chili in the sixties because so many hippies were vegetarian. Now all the woke scientists are saying beans are a better protein source than meat.


He didn't say anything to that. I imagine he just stewed on it. Yeah. After that. Yeah. Literally. I kind of just assumed he'd know I was fucking with him and get the joke. We've always fucked around with each other and jokes about and all, but he was quiet all dinner. Just yesterday I was back again at his place and he was making his chili again. There were no beans. It was a totally different chili. This guy's been making his chili with beans for 15 years. I was like, what's up? Where's the beans? He was like, I don't fuck with that woke shit. I was like, what? He was like, beans and chili are woke. Even you know that Everyone else was like, what? Because what? I was like, dude, I was just fucking with you. He got really angry. He dumped his chili in the sink and told everyone to go home.


I thought he was pranking me back or something, but he was serious. This dude totally lost it. He texted me later and said this exact thing. I researched this online and it turns out you really were lying to me. Beans are not woke. How could you do this? And we went back and forth for a bit. His position is, even though we have historically pranked each other, I went too far that I betrayed him. That I made him question his chilly. I tried to ask him if this at all made him think he cared too much about woke. Like what if beans and chili was woke? So what? He ignored that and demanded, I apologized. Did I take this too far? Oh man. No. Not far enough. Alright. You, you did take it too far in the fact that if he makes really good chili, you might've just lost your chili Guy.


You lost your chili guy. I'll say he had very good reasoning for why beans and chili might be woke. Yeah, it sounded real. And in Texas, a lot of chilies made with no beans. That, that part is true. But the San Francisco hippie libs add, adding the beans in Yes. As protein that this is a very well constructed prank. I I, I love this story just because it's, it's just perfect for where we're at overall. Did you guys see, by the way, sack Sports had like a very real tweet this weekend about Elon. Did they go woke? They bro, they broke character. It Was funny what they, what they said. So funny. Just talking about Elon being a bad guy and like misinformation and stuff and it, listen, everyone could have their opinion, but it was just very funny that it came from ball sack Sports.


Yeah. Ball sack. Sometimes you need to use your platform. You have to, you must use your platform. But Elon also another rearranging IUD guys. Yeah. But probably through like starlink. Yeah. But not, not even doing it in the fun way. Yeah. I I feel like he uses his satellites to like disable women's birth control. Yeah. Does he, is he actually, is he fucking I don't think so. Or Is he like mailing his sperm? I Think he's just, yeah, he's just repopulating the earth. What a weirdo. Anyway, this guy might've lost his chili supply. Yeah. That's tough. Which Is not worth it. If for That's, if your cousin made that good of chili, it's a hilarious joke. But you gotta figure out a way to get this back. Yeah. I mean it's great that it, it was a perfect prank because this guy took his chili so seriously.


Right. That he would then questioned his entire life. I just Love the idea. He probably thought he might be gay. Yeah. Like I've been enjoying jumping it all out. I've been enjoying beans in my chili this whole time. What's wrong with me? No, we're not doing this shit anymore. Yeah. I don't make it. They're try, he's trying to find the ball sack sports, but he, all he could find was that I'm letting my one nut hang post-cancer. I'm tired of Elon. Oh, Okay. That was the precursor. Alright, so he ball sack sports. What? That's a, that's ironic that he had nut cancer. Is that real ball Sack sports? Yeah. Oh, congrat. I didn't realize.


Congratulations to ballack ball sack sports for beating cancer. He has mo he has multitudes. Yeah. Wow. Big, big weekend that listen, the internet picked up where sports left off this weekend. His name is ball sack, not balls Sack sports. So Sense. Have to change the handle sense. Yeah. Yeah. There was also the guy, did you see the guy playing Russian roulette or lost? Yeah. That Was bad. I don't know why that got my algorithm. Yeah. Oh. Why are you looking at me like that Mr. Goon sounds awful. Stop video's. They're back on XI Also found out that it was the guy who did the 360 puke. Yeah. It was Sad 'cause that that 360 puke rocked. The guy was angry about meme coins.


Yeah. Yeah. Don't do that. Yeah. Stick to just making jokes about Steve Smith. That's a cleaner way to do it. And, and jokes about beans and chili. Do you guys like beans and chili? I do. Yeah. Yeah. I don't mind them, but it is like Texas chili is just meat. Yeah. It's basically just meat here Is a kind of meat. So it kind of is correct. There is some truth to it. Yeah. No, I, I, I know this guy did it as a joke, but I think I agree with him that beans and chili are woke. I just would never, if I had like an insane chili plug, I would do everything in my life to keep that relationship alive. Also is maybe beans, no beans and chili might be woke now that I think about it because chili dudes eat chili then they sit around farting for the next day.


True. This is like nerfing chili. Yeah. It's not letting dudes fart. Dudes can't even fart anymore. Yeah. Because we're taking the beans outta chili. Yeah. Good chili gets you all hot and Bothered. Yeah. There's nothing less woke than dudes sitting in a room with each other farting on each other. Yeah. After enjoying a nice pot of chili, All you're gonna get out of a bean Less chili is a queef maybe. Yeah. That's Extremely woke. Okay. Pug got anything on the chili? Chili's. Delicious. Love that. With or without beans. Bothers your tummy though. Chi chili's. Okay. You can't put sour cream or cheese in because You do have a dairy bad. You have a sensitive tummy. Lactose intolerant. Yeah. Which we've done this before.


That's Fake. It's real. It's As fake as fake Gets. No, it's fake. Everyone's lactose intolerant. If I eat too much ice cream, my tummy hurts. Am I lactose intolerant? A little bit probably. But so everyone is, Yeah. There's levels. So no one is, there's levels to it. No one is. How long have you been lactose intolerant? Found out like two years ago. Yeah. See, this is not true. So you just were, you were eating ice cream, drinking milk all your life and then all of a sudden someone told you you're lactose intolerant. Yeah. Smoke. That Is smoke. Yeah. Being lactose intolerance woke. That's bullshit. Oh, we didn't even talk about the fact that Hooters is, is bankrupt.


It's True. Yeah. Guys don't even like boobs anymore. I was thinking about it because they, it's the old meme. Like they, they feed us poison and they, and they take away the cure. Taking away breasts. Yeah. Special shout out to Devin Booker. I feel bad for him. I don't know if you guys saw, but he has been a Hooters fan for His whole life. I mean have, has John Gruin commented on this yet? He's gotta Be beside himself. Beside himself. John Gruden might buy Hooters. Yeah. Dev Devin Booker had a, his tweets from 2012. So what was he, how old was he? How old is Devin Booker? I think that was when he was in college. No, maybe High school. 2015. I wanna say he was in college.


How old is Devin Booker? You could just Google that. You don't have to follow Shane. Shane is Shane's all over the map. He's 28 years old. So how old would he be in 2012? Someone do some math. 1996. He's 28. So he'd be 4 15, 16. Yeah. 15, 16. He said, I'm thinking Hooters tonight with the fellas at Hooters. Chilling. Headed to Hooters and then, and then yesterday he said, please don't go Hooters. Yeah. It's tough break. I love that he's committed to It. Tough break for him. Tough break for Gruden. Tough break for John Daly. Yeah. Brutal. Tough, tough, tough break for guys taking away Tits restaurants.


It's, it's bullshit. Yeah. If Twin anchors goes there goes the whole Shit. Twin Peaks. Twin. Twin. Twin Peaks. Twin Twin Peaks anchors. Has great ribs in Chicago. Tilted Kilt. All the restaurants. Tilted Kilt. Twin anchors is, shout out. Twin Acres. Awesome. Was in the dark night rises scene. Fun fact. Fun fact that no one cares about. I feel like this Hooters thing might be because if you work in marketing at Hooters, you know that putting out a release being like, yeah, we're probably gonna have to close everything up. People are gonna be like, no, please don't go Hooters. We're gonna go. Well that's what happened with the Red Lobster, right? We're gonna, yeah. Until Blake Griffin saved them. Have you seen his Yeah. Commercials. Yeah, they're great.


We should pool our money together and buy Hooters and big dog shirts. I like that. And then just retire. Yeah, that would be that. That's it right there. Kevin. Love posted a picture of him when he was like 10 years old at Hooters. Love it. Yeah. See Hooters. There's memories of Hooters. Yeah. Is that a real picture of, of Booker and Durant? No. No. At Hooters? No. I don't think so. I don't think so. Okay. Numbers four. Combine week. We'll have some good interviews coming this week. 3 5 99 P I'll go four for oldie. Oh, you went 4 64.


5 61. I'll go back to back. 61. 21. 31. Your birthday. Love you guys.