
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music on today's, Pardon My Take. We have Celtics head coach Joe Missoula on the pod. We also have NBA Play in Action. We're gonna find the next narrative guy who can't win the big one. We've got Hot Seat, cool throne, guys on chicks. Also, we're gonna start getting into junk science, which we talk about in Guys on Chicks. And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. It's the best time to be a basketball fan. All the thrills and playoff drama done sitting on the sideline and ready to win some real cash check out, pick six from DraftKings when it comes to basketball payouts. DraftKings Pick six poster rises the competition, including prize picks. When you hit all your picks, you'll score higher, minimum payouts on pick six, then flex plays or on prize picks. And best of all, you win even more cash if you outscore the competition. Track your picks for a shot of huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. Don't settle for a smaller payout. Switch to pick six and cash in your basketball knowledge. New players get 50 in pick six credits instantly on just a $5 entry. Basketball playoffs are here cashing with pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now and use code take. That's code take for new customers to play $5 and get 50 in. Pick six credits. Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age in eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos. The crown is yours.


Okay, let's go Football. Yeah, my Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings Basketball Playoffs are here. Cash in with pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now and use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5, get 50 in, pick six credits.


Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, April 16th. And the Orlando Magic and Golden State Warriors are officially in the playoffs. Congrats to that. Congrats. Congrats to that. Congrats to to Jay, but Play Jay. Yeah. Playing Jimmy. Playing Hemi. Oh, playing Hemi. I like that. Yeah, he, he went off tonight. That was, that was a fun game. I liked watching the Warriors and, and the Grizzlies bad part about the playing tournament is you don't get to develop a, a sense of a series out of it. 'cause I would like to see these two teams play. But Yeah, I'm, I'm anti playing game. But that was a fun game also for anyone who's watching on, on YouTube.


We're all at our own homes to get the play in. We wanted to watch the playing games. Give you the instant reaction. The rest of the show will be back in studio together. But yes, we'll start with the Warriors. The Warriors. I just love watching Steph Curry play basketball. That really is all it comes down to. I know Jimmy Butler was awesome and kind of carried them in the first half, but there's just something, it's, it's like watching Steph Curry, you know, there's only so many years left. And even that big three that didn't go down, the one that rattled out that there was a foul underneath, like that was kind of shocking. That's how good he is when a three doesn't go down and you're like, what the fuck just happened? Yeah. He's just so much fun. And the Warriors, I Draymond just trying to, you know, Chuck threes, John Morant taking his Advil.


I'm sure that was Advil. Did you hear that part when re Reggie Miller was like, oh yeah, he is probably popping some Advil. He'll be fine. Yeah, he crushed up some aspirin. He's probably on the same stuff I'm on me and Ja, he, I thought he was done for like the entire off season. I thought that it was like ja morant questionable for starting of next year when he came down on his ankle. It's like, it, it was a bad looking, bad looking injury. But then he is like, you know what, fuck it, I'm gonna go back in. I did like Reggie Miller's advice where he was like, 'cause Ja had to shoot the foul shot afterwards. And Reggie Miller's advice was when I had to do that and I was hurt, I would just go to my happy place. I would just think of things in my life that made me happy as I'm shooting a foul shot. And I think all of America thought the same thing.


And that is John Morant is envisioning the AK 47 in his hands right now. He's, he's literally just, it's drone footage of, of the Ukraine, Russia war. Yeah. Is what's going on. By the way, John Morant, one of the coolest plays the oop to himself. How does that not get a bazooka? I don't know. Like, That was crazy That, that it's a good point. 'cause he went from pretending that he was shooting people to acting like he got shot tonight. Right. So yeah, he's got both sides of that coin. He's, he's fun to watch, man. Zach Edie, he shows me like he's, he's improved still. I would say he's, he's like slightly better than he was as an athlete when he was in his last year at Purdue.


But that guy, somebody needs to pull him aside and be like, youngster, you need to quit taking the ball down on rebounds. Yeah. You put that ball up higher, you're taller than everybody else. 'cause he's addicted to it. He does it every single time to get stripped. Yeah. And it's, I just love watching Zach Edie get fouls called on him. Yeah. That just gives me so much joy. It's, it's, it's such a satisfying feeling after watching him for so many years where it didn't happen. I think he had his like fourth foul halfway through the third quarter and it was like, yes, this is awesome. But yeah, I, I'm, I I was, I didn't go into this game having any real rooting interest other than I just want the Warriors to make a run because I wanna watch more Steph Curry basketball. And it felt like if they win this game, they have a chance they're older.


If they had to play on Friday as well, like it really sucks for the team that loses on the, on the Tuesday and Wednesday playing games and then you gotta go play Friday and then turn around and play on Sunday. So I'm happy the Warriors get a little rest and we're gonna get a good series with the Warriors and the Rockets. Yeah. You know how the, the Thunder lead the league and wearing the free t-shirt that they give you. I think Warriors fans, they lead the league in like 60-year-old rich white dudes with like really tanned faces that step on the court when the horn blows and try to get a high five from the players. Yeah. Like they Don't Think they're on the team. Steph Curry. Do you think Steph Curry has high-fived more dudes in like Brooks Brothers shirts than any other player in the NBA history?


Probably. It's like a mix of Brooks Brothers, but also like the tech vests. Yeah. Silicon Valley guys. But yeah, they, they think that they're on the team 'cause they're, they're billionaires and there's sitting court side. They're like, this is my team I helped pay for this arena. It's the, you know what it is? He's the, he's leads the, the NBA history in high fives given to dudes with button down shirts and jeans on. Yeah. Because that's the look where they're like, oh yeah, I'm gonna dress up a little bit here. But I'm also cool Dude. Yeah, dudes like that keep it a casual all probably on TRT keep It so like, kind kind Of weird Jack. Yeah. Yeah. They throw in those jeans and they're like, Check this out guys. I I'm not worth a billion dollars.


I'm a, I'm a cool boss. I'm just like the guys drinking a beer down the street. That's me. I'm the guy I'm gonna take away your job in 20 years. But you can hang out. Doesn't mean I'm not a good hang. Yeah. I'm writing a script right now that will make sure that you will never work and be able to provide for your family. But these jeans, look at them. Look, I can stretch. I'm getting a high five. It's all there. And they always got one. They always got a kid next to him with the Steph Curry jersey on. Yeah. And that kid's, that kid's got his life made. He set up that Kid could Grove also thinking that his dad is really good friends with Steph Curry. Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Also when people wear the, the jersey over the collared shirt and jeans.


I actually respect that. That's like a dorky mood move that I kind of respect. You know, like, it's like, come on dude, really you're gonna do this? I kind of respect that. I don't know. It's like a weird, it, it's never looked good in the history of wearing that. No, but guys keep trying it. So I'm like, you know what tip my cap. You're gonna keep going out with this. Even though you know, it doesn't look good. They usually like have their secretary, secretary buy them that jersey when it's game day. Like, I'm gonna the game tonight. Can you go out and get me a Draymond jersey please? Yep. Can you believe it on my desk please? Yeah. Make sure. Yeah. Draymond. Yeah, just go down the roster. Gimme a couple options. Gimme a Steph, gimme a Draymond. Gimme a Jimmy. I'll see which one fits best.


Alright, speaking of fans by the way. So, well where were you guys for the Cole Anthony game? Oh, I was, I was on my couch. I, I mean the only place I would want to be for, for the play tournament. I was, I was, I was laying in my daughter's bed trying to get her to go to sleep, watching it in my left hand with my phone. And I was like, wow. Cole Anthony, this is fucking where were you Moment? Crazy. Yeah. But speaking of fans, did you guys see we had two fans that I wanted to bring up in the Magic Hawks game. The Magic Hawks game. By the way, magic were the Hawks stink. Trey Young got ejected. I feel like Trey Young was just sick of playing in the playing game. This is his fourth straight year of playing in the playing game.


I just, I have no interest in the hawks and the magic are, I mean, Hank you tell me they're, they're gonna win what, one game Maybe? Yeah, maybe one game. It'll be a good Test. They have good defense. Paolo's really good. Wagner's really good Cole Anthony, if he just scores 26 off the bench every single night, that could be cool. But Magic, magic Are a good team though. They, they've, yeah, They got a young, like they got a good young core. It's just, I think the sell are better. Did you see, so there's two fans. One was, did you guy, there was a hawk, there was a fan dressed as a hawk making hawk noises during magic free throws. That guy rocked. And then, did you guys see this probably gonna end up on the bonk list?


Did you see the nice pair of tits who was looked to be, have a bag of cocaine right behind the bench and she was shaking it? No, I did not see That. Okay, I'll send it to you. So reaction if I'm overthinking this, but I looked at it and I was like, yeah, I think I know what that is. Somebody sent me a tweet and it was something about cocaine, but I was looking at the player 'cause the player was like rubbing his lips. No, look at this video and tell me that that's not exactly what happened. Can't see your face so it's fine. Can see everything else. I think that was what was happening. So shout out Orlando didn't know you got down like that thought it was just Epcot thought it was just people with their cap.


Definitely. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. And a nice rack. Yeah, I was, I was looking at, is that Wagner on the bench? That's rubbing his lips, But she's just getting ready for the post game. There's a minute left and she's, oh Yeah, I didn't know Orlando got down like that. Good job Orlando. Hell yeah. That's like a Miami thing. If that happens in Miami, I wouldn't even blinked. That is insane. That's crazy to do that out in the open like that. So crazy. And the, and the camera was right on. So yeah, I just wanted to give a shout out to those two fans. Those are my fans of the night. She's another fan ally.


My fan of the night. I, I've Got, I've got a third nominee. It's not gonna win. The lady with the cocaine obviously wins fan of the night. But my nominee would be the guy that was at the Warriors game that was just straight up eating a big plate of spaghetti behind the, the Grizzlies bench. Yes. I didn't know that they, number one, I didn't know that they served spaghetti and plates. No offense, Hank, I remember that picture. But this dude, I was At a rest stop. This dude was just chowing down on a plate of spaghetti at a basketball game probably in like $2,000 seats. Also. They Have good food at at MSG. They got, they got a variety At MSG. This was at Chase? Yeah. Oh yeah. My bad. What? I don't know what I said.


I don't know what I'm looking Also, are you worried about the knick? I'm just watching this girl with in the bag with the cannons. Yeah. She got the cannons and the bag, But there's nothing, there's nothing else that this could be. No. And She, and like, good, like the magic win. You're a magic fan. You're an Orlando, it's a Tuesday night. You got big tits. Just go out with a bag of cocaine. If she was smart, she would identify herself, drop her at and be like, Hey, I'm the cocaine tits chick. Yeah. And she would be a millionaire by the end of the week. All alleged. But we're just watching the video and we're just saying what we see. P-F-T-I-I saw that. I saw you tweet it. So funny because that's gotta be one of the most dangerous foods to eat.


Courtside. Yeah, it's ridiculous. Like you get a spill number one. Okay. You're at a basket. When was the last time you ate anything at a sporting event and didn't spill any of it? It's never happened. Never. So you're either gonna spill it on yourself or you're gonna spill it. It's gonna fall on the court and then they have to bring the mop guy over. Yeah. Imagine a ball going at him. That would be so awesome. Yeah. I kind of wanna see that now. I mean, imagine a mop guy just going up and he, the game has to be paused because there's a, a full plate of spaghetti that's spilled on the court. Hank, if you get to go on the wood for a Celtics playoff game this year, will you eat some spaghetti for us? Not, not, not quart side. Ah, Come On. Bring a bag of Powder. There's a, there's a, there's a separate, there's a separate area where you kind of go in, in between halftime and you eat and then you come back out.


Like wouldn't Be, do they have spaghetti? Yeah, they got, they got like, you know, different options. Okay. But I wouldn't bring it back to the seat. That would be, There were disrespectful. There were some Orioles fans that went viral a couple years ago. 'cause they, they smuggled in a Ziploc bag filled with spaghetti to a game. I love it. Yeah. I love That Max. I mean that's, that's the always sunny bit. What's your Spaghetti? Did that with the spaghetti? Yeah. Oh yeah. That's like a bit from the Yeah, That was, we were talking about this story when Hank and I were in, in Champaign like maybe 11 years ago for a Black Hawks watch party. And, and Chuck, who's really our colleague, who's a, a great social guy, his friend walks around with, he had sausages in his, in his cook sausages in a Ziploc bag.


And he was just like, you want one? And and I was like, Chuck, what was that? And he was like, he does that everywhere. He just, just brings sausages with him. So shout out that guy. Legend. Okay, so playing. We have two more games tomorrow night. The bulls play the heat Mavs play play The Kings Got it. Nailed it. I knew I had it. Oh, one last thing about the magic in, in Hawks game. Do you know the magic actually won their division and the Hawks were the second team? I didn't No, because divisions don't matter in the NBA At all. So it's, it like I I I was looking at it before, I was like, I understand why there were divisions back 10 years ago.


'cause remember they used to do like if you win your division, you're an automatic, like top three seed. And then they changed it because there was that one year where I think it was, I think maybe the Mavs or someone won 60 games and, and it was like a fucked up situation. 'cause they win their division divisions in the NBA are, there's literally no reason for 'em. Yeah. It's meeting, there's And so I thought about can you guys get all the divisions? I did this myself. So I I did, I did this honestly myself. I, I screwed up one team or, or flipped two teams. But I was wondering if you guys could get the division. I'll give you the names of the divisions to get you started. I Can definitely not do it. Okay. I I can, I can maybe do the east. Alright, so I Couldn't even name the, the name of the divisions Metropolitan.


Yes. So it's the Atlantic, the central and the southeast. I'm thinking hockey. I got all the east, I I screwed up one in the west. Wait, What? It's Atlantic. What? Atlantic? Central, Southeast. Okay, so Atlantic is the Celtics. Yep. It's the Knicks. Yep. It's the Nets. Yep, it is the Sixers. Yep. I think north. I actually missed this one too. I just had an odd number. Raptors. Yep. Oh, Raptors. Yeah. Here. So the East Makes sense. The, do you guys know who's in the northwest in the Western conference Trail? Trailblazers.


Yes. Nuggets. Yeah. Kings No Jazz. Yes. So stupid Bucks. No bucks. I mean Bucks in these Timberwolves. The Timberwolves are, and the Oklahoma City Thunder are, yes. I think that's just a, a stay over from the Supersonics. And, and then, and then in the Pacific there's a Pacific and a Southwest. The suns are in the Pacific. Which I got that wrong. They're not in the southwest. So Southwest Is Texas. Yeah. It's Pacific is just the California teams and the Suns. And then the southwest is Texas and Memphis and the Rock and New Orleans And the nuggets. Just get rid of them.


Get rid of them. So stupid. No one cares about the divisions. I like it was just so funny. We were watching a playing game. It was the winner of the, of the division of the southeast division versus the second place team in the southeast division. That's crazy. Also crazy. The fact that, that Quinn Snyder didn't see the cocaine check. Yeah, true. I feel like he would've probably had eyes on her big time. That would've been a, that would've been a match made in heaven. Alright, so we recorded the rest of the show earlier. And PFTU you commented or, or made the point that Nico Harrison was doing his closed door press conference with no cameras, no audio recordings. So that took place since we last were together.


Did you see some of the reports from it? No, I have not. Okay. So some of the lines that he's used, defense wins championships. He said that again, he also was said he, I guess he hammered home the point that there was no, it was not guaranteed that Luca was gonna sign the supermax, which maybe the dumbest point ever. He like that Luca was gonna willingly give up. Why would he not a hundred million dollars. Yeah. While he is building a house and he's crying about his video. So that's a, that's an interesting line that he's using. And then he also had, I mean also if you take into account state income taxes Yeah.


It's more than a hundred million. Yeah. Yeah. And he also said, my obligation is to the Dallas Mavericks. It's what's the best interest of the Dallas Mavericks? And that's the most important thing. Some of the decisions are gonna be unpopular maybe to Dirk and maybe to the fans. But my obligation is to Dallas Mavericks. I'll, I'll say this, I think the fans in Dirk are probably part of the Dallas Mavericks. I know they're not part of the organization, but like being like, yeah, I'm gonna piss off my entire fan base and the, the number one legend of our organization. And that's me doing my job. He's so lost. It's insane. Yeah. Listen buddy, you fucked up. Sometimes you just gotta say it. Like, if this press conference today was just, Hey, I just wanna say my bad.


I I fucked that one up. I tried my best, realized it was stupid. I thought I was being really smart. Turns out it was the dumbest thing ever. Max, what are, what are you laughing about? What are you giggling about? Something seemed very funny. You said state. We'll cut this, we'll cut this, we'll cut this. You said state income tax. And Hank just Immediately started shaking his head. Oh, because that, well, no, don't cut This. Hank Hank, Hank had tax toay was tax day. It's a trigger word for him. P ft Don't use that word. Just say the word tax. You just don't Use that word. P ft Anger just, just burning in his head.


But yes, you're right. Just say I fucked up. Yeah. I fucked Up. Listen, my bad. My, I tried to, I tried to outsmart myself and I lost. Yeah. He, he also, there was a report, Tim McMahon, who's a very good reporter. He does a hoop collective pod with win horse and Bond temps. And he was like pressing Nico. And Nico gave him the old fashioned, you're coming at me from a negative standpoint and I'm looking at it from a positive standpoint. Yeah. He's Just one of the, in those situations where he is so delusional that you just, he's basically knows he's getting fired and he is just like, I'm just gonna keep saying this until, until hopefully they don't. Yeah. And every, you know, every day he is not fired. He is like, all right. Yeah, we, we made another one. But you can't at this point, you can't say he knows he fucked up.


Even if he does, which he obviously does. Yeah. He's gonna, he he's gonna do an interview in like five years and be like, you know what I've thought about it. That was a mistake. He should, he should do that. Right now. It's like the, if the Warren Commission is asking you questions and the Secret Service is like, listen, you're, you're asking a lot of questions from a negative standpoint right now. Let's talk about all the positives. Yeah. O BJ's passed a lot of good legislation. Okay. He, He, there also was his right hand man chimed in and gave an anecdote about his time in Golden State and said that the fan base was furious at management for trading Monte Ellis until Steph Curry showed up.


Just not even realizing that like, Luca is Steph Curry. Those are the same, those are the same guys. Not Monte Luca. Like he, he'd use an analogy and he just fucked it up so bad. They're so stupid. It's insane. I do like the idea of just trotting him out to do these press conferences all the time. Yeah, that would be a good idea too. Such a coward move to do. No, no video, no no recordings. What a fucking loser. And we stand with M fans. The guy's a fucking loser. He needs to get outta town. All right. I had two other things. One, I think we can officially say that Cam Ward is going to be a Tennessee Titan. Did you guys see he was playing Yeah.


Fortnite tonight. He was on Tch And he was, Yeah, he was on Twitch and he was asked his top four wide receivers in the NFL. Who, who didn't see this? Max Hank did you not see this? All right, give me, what do you think Cam Ward said is top four receivers in the wide receivers in the NFL are AJ Brown. Okay. We got nothing. Did he just say the Titans receivers? He said, he said Jamar Chase, Justin Jefferson, Calvin Ridley and Reon Burkes. Trayvon Burkes or Reon Burkes. He also said AJ Brown is a dog, but he's no Ca Ridley. That's funny. Like AJ Brown.


I feel like a team that would, that would take him would be a good team to play for. 'cause they, they know how to identify a good receiver. Yeah. He said Tony Pollard was the best running back in the NFL Sports and Spears. He said he, they asked for his top four running backs and he said Spears and Tony Pollard. And then just didn't say anything else. I fucking love it. And then, did you guys have anything for the Braves announcer that people were pissed about? That was, that was very funny story. No, I mean that, that was one of those things where I saw just a little bit of outrage. But I'd say it, it was, it was more people getting mad at people who were outraged. Correct. There weren't enough people who were outraged to be upset about. So I only brought it up because it was so funny because, so for people who missed it, there was a Braves like sideline reporter who was, was interviewing a couple women in the outfield in like the bleachers on Monday night.


And the guys in the booth were like, dude, get her number. And he was like, yeah, can I have your number? And asked for her number, like live on camera. And then there was a couple people pf t's. Right? Like, there was a couple people who were like, this is ridiculous. This is like so gross. Not enough for an actual outrage. It was just the more, the backlash to the fake outrage. But it made me laugh because I don't know if you saw tonight, he was on a, a hotdog seesaw in between innings. And I was like, this is, this is perfect because this is what a sideline reporter's job is to do. Like the dumbest, silliest things, which he did last night and he did tonight again on a hotdog seesaw. Yeah. That's, that's what baseball announcers do.


You you cut to them in the middle of a dead inning and they've got something wacky with the stadium going on. Like the reporters that go down that slide in Milwaukee and, and like break their legs. Yeah. That's what, that's yeah. That's the job. Right? Did he get her number? He did get her number. Okay. Good. Yeah. I think it's, you know what it is. What, what was, I think Boomer Sisen had a great take. He was like, people are just upset about this because now you just go on Tinder and you get your ass spanked in like an hour. He was like, he is like, they're just, they're, they feel uncomfortable with a guy asking for a girl's number. 'cause it's so old school. Yeah. Which is so True. I think that's what made people, like if you a, if you actually hit people with true serum, they're probably like, whoa, that I didn't know.


You could just ask for a number. Yeah. Like, that's too forward. Yeah. That seems a little direct. What about just putting I eat ass in your bio? Yeah. Yeah. It's predatory. Yeah. What about just lying about your height in your bio? Yeah. Do it the old fashioned way. Oh man. Okay. Alright, well we'll kick it to ourselves. We have a great show. Rest of the show we have Coach Missoula Hot Seat Cool Throne. We try to figure out who the next narrative can't win. The big one guy is Guys on Chicks. It's playoff season Boys. Late nights. It's a playoff season. Yeah. Hockey starting this weekend. Can't wait. Let's go. Alright, we'll kick it to ourselves.


Okay. Before we get to the rest of the show, we're brought to you by Stella Blue. It's Stella Blue Coffee. We believe good coffee is one of life's non-negotiables are delicious Roasts are available in Cold Brew K-cups, ground and whole bean formats to seamlessly fit into your morning coffee routine. And the best part, each purchase helps save homeless pets. Now you can also fuel your mornings with battle bars. New dark chocolate espresso, protein beans, crispy delicious energy bars, and infused with real still Blue Coffee. I had one this morning. They're so good. Each bar pack 17 grams of protein, a hundred milligrams of natural caffeine and zero fake sugars to keep you powered up and dialed in. Every bite is battle tested and Big Cat approved. Shop today@stellabluecoffee.com or battle bars.com while supplies last. Go check them out. Battle bars.com or stella blue coffee.com. Very, very good. Delicious. Get some coffee, get some battle bars. Be fueled. Go kill. Go go, go Kill life. Go go crush life every single day.


Okay. Before we do a Hot Seat. Cool Throne. I was thinking about this. I felt bad for my boy Hank because he was actually down about Roy McElroy winning the masters because we had the death of a narrative and I was thinking about it. We actually lost a couple narratives this year in the past calendar year. We lost Rory. We lost Tatum and Jalen Brown winning the big one And we also kind of lost what? Yeah, I mean they were 26 when They did something. Yeah, but I mean, Jalen Brown did say he was gonna win seven NBA titles. The narrative is kind of still going because Jalen Brown was nice enough to win MVP. True. So then now it's like that narrative just, it it evolved. Yeah. Jalen Hertz winning the big one.


Yeah. Sirianni just Phil. Like that was, that was kind of a narrative we lost. So I was thinking like, what, what could be the next guy for you? So I have, I have some names. PT has some names throw out to you. You wanna start with golfers? 'cause you that is your favorite sport, please. It's your number one sport. Yeah. So you mentioned it. Is it It is, it is. Right? Yeah. You like watching golf more than football? Get him off the show. Hank's fired. What? It's not, it's the truth. I know. It was, if you saw last week, the pep in his step going into the masters was, unlike The Masters Sunday was better than Super Bowl Sunday. Whoa. Week nine.


Whoa. Whoa. Did you mean to say commercials? It's, you know what drama, he's, he's pissing me off so much with these takes and I'm not gonna tell him that he has food in his beard like he always Does. The Masters Sunday is better than if the Super Bowl was a better game. Would you say that? No, But I wasn't. Right. So, so we're A football podcast Sometimes. I mean, objectively the masters is a, Is blowout. Yeah. No, that's, that's This Hank is correct that this master was more intriguing than this year. Disagree. This master's was phenomenal. Agreed. But it's, we're talking about football. Yeah. No, I love football speaking. Which, are we gonna get our schedule? Are we getting schedules soon? Hopefully. I feel like We should.


There's best year. Well, we, we haven't gotten to schedule. I I hate what your, I hate your tone. We Haven't gotten to schedule release day release day yet. Okay. Chef usually puts that out and sometimes there's a release day, release day, release day. So yeah, the Super Bowl for, for social media managers is coming up soon. Yeah. Alright. So yeah, I don't like your tone. I don't like where you're coming from right now. Be careful buddy. Football pays the bills here. You got the food outta your beard. Okay, good. What happens when, how do you always get food in your beard? My mouth gains bad. Do you know how to eat? Like, 'cause it always ends up, it will end up on other opposite sides of your face. I don't know. Max has the same problem.


Why are you throwing Max in? He's not wrong. He's not wrong. He's Not wrong. Yeah. But I mean, I think more people expect it from Max than when it expect From, I mean from, that's A fucking shot. That was Bullshit. People won't even Mention it. I tried to get your side max. I was unfair that Hank kicked that. How was that on How, how was that getting on my side? That was way worse. Hank forced me to make that comment by, by bringing you into the conversation. And it's also, it was, it was a factual comment. I take bite when I see it from you. I'm like, yeah, But you're a besty face guy. How, How? Yeah. I get, yeah, I get yelled at all the time. What Happens when you're putting the food to your mouth? You just miss it sometimes. How do you guys miss that? Because Sometimes crumbs just go, go down. Like, you guys don't have fierce beards like Hank and I do.


I mean, I have a decent beard and I know, no, I Not like, no, it doesn't, not the same. I've Got good hand-eye coordination. You've got nothing I I'm talking about. I'm talking about I thought you were trying to, I thought you were trying to say something. I'm talking your beard. No, The the ability to eat I'd, I'd say is like a little bit strong. Hank gets food cocked. Like he's been pounding these big Texas cinnamon rolls. Yeah. And they're just, they're spraying all over the Place. Hank also like Yawn eats. Well, Big Cat doesn't chew. He just like turns on the, the vacuum button and just Great answer. That's curb Hot. That's not wrong. I, I, I oftentimes have to tell myself, Hey, why don't you slow down because you're about to finish before any Hank's had like one bite. I I understand that.


I eat too fast. It Just is what it is. I don't know. I it's a problem though. Okay. I like the narrative though, that Hank, Hank can't eat. He can't. That's a good one. He just ends up with food on his face. I do appreciate that. The Yawn eats though. Yeah. 'cause that's efficiency. If your mouth's gonna be open, might as well be eaten. He kinda just opens his mouth and just throws shit in there and just hopes it gets there. Okay. Golfers. Golfers. You mentioned Scotty. Masters Merchant. I kinda like that narrative. Although we like Scotty, so I Want him to break the narrative. Yeah. I want him to break the, I'm rooting for him to break the narrative, but if he doesn't, if he goes, if he doesn't win anyone this year, like there's three more that will be going into next year. Like that will be the narrative. Yeah. Should we? But I hope, I hope he does. I'm actually thinking about this right now.


Are we stupid to do the golfers first? Because once we finish the golfers Hank's gonna tune out. Yeah, probably. But if you're gonna be mix Mix, mix them in. If you're gonna be a merchant, being a master's merchant, I feel like would be one of the better ones. Be sick. Yeah. Yeah. Well, no, 'cause I had a bigger point about golfers. 'cause I, I wrote down the ones that I thought and then like Scotty, I, I'm rooting for. I I want him to win. So I don't, he's like one of our guys. Ricky Fowler. I want him to win. He's never won a ma a major. I want him to win. Tommy Fleetwood got no problem with him. He's just gotta win on tour. Yeah. Victor Hovland got no problem with him. Also Young. I think the name you ready for it? Patrick Cantley.


Yeah. He's a douche. Yeah. Slow play. We need him to just keep winning other tournaments and never winning a major. He might be a perfect narrative guy For a while. He was, he was flying under the radar with Xander. 'cause it was always like Xander. Yeah. It was softly and Cantley. Yeah. They haven't done anything in majors. Then Xander smashed that and now Yeah, Cantley, he's, he's more infuriating to watch though. Also, I should have put a disclaimer on this entire segment. We will be biased. So you will not hear the name Max Hoa, Josh Allen, that kind of stuff. No, of course not. So it's not their fault. We'll be extremely biased. Joe Burrow. None, none of that. It's shit. None of that shit. It's Not their fault. Shit. I think maybe Bryson needs, I think he's gotten too skinny.


Yeah. How about that? I think Bryson needs to beef it back up again. Did you see He went and tried to recreate the shot from the US Open last year from Pinehurst Season? Yeah. Didn't do it. You remember that? Yeah. That was kind of weird that he did that the day after the Masters. Yeah. He's always in the content game though. He, he probably had that scheduled for six months. There's a Plaque or something. All right. So you cool with Kaley? Yeah. I mean he, we don't like him. No. He'd be fun to root against. Like I I he needs to choke a couple of these to get, I kind of like how much people hate him, but Okay. If that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. Like He, I like, 'cause you know the golf, general golf media is a little bit stuffy and like, you know, they're the ones that are sucking off Rory or basically anyone that wins. Yeah. They hate can't lay. Oh.


So It'd be kind of, so He's kind of the bad boy. It'd be kind of fun just to, you know, see them pissed off. Why do they hate him? I think just 'cause he is a little slow play. Yeah. I like Fleetwood. I I like Fleet. I want Fleetwood Fleetwood winning would Be fun. Yeah. But he's not gotta, but I was, I, the list I made was like, guys we can root against like, it's fun to root against people. Not, it's fun to root against people desperately trying their hardest to succeed in making their whole life about having this one moment and then never reaching it. Tommy Fleetwood's son makes it easy to root for him though. His son. Did you see the interview that his son gave after the par three? Yeah. So yeah, just try me. Hardest try me hardest. I try be hardest. A very difficult Oh oh. Just a wee bit more.


Perhaps Next year I'll be able to get up. It's a very, very hot. I thought his, his hair too is cool. Yeah. The mullet. Although he's kind of watered down the mullet. Yeah, that's what I'm like. If you're gonna have the mullet commit to it. I think Kaleigh's the guy though. Yeah. I think we need him to choke in some majors and then get really close and then like in five years be like ha ha. Yeah. Just he didn't do it. In terms of narratives for golf in general, I just like to get the, I want a drug controversy. Mm. Yeah. We haven't had one of those in a long time. I'd like to get maybe Is Adderall a problem? Yeah. For PGA tour players. I like that. Alright, so other sports. And I know PFT you got a few as well. So these are just, these are just fun guys that like, listen, some of 'em we like, some of 'em we don't like, but the narrative's gonna start ramping up.


Haven't won the big one. Had some, some big time chokes. Number one on the list is is Kyle Shanahan. Kyle Shanahan needs a Super Bowl so badly. I it's, it's desperate. It's aged him. Have you seen the before and after? Yeah. It's like he's a president. He's he's a big one that do anything for you. Yeah. Okay. You like that one? What about Aaron Judge? Oh Yeah. Yeah. Never even close to earning his pin strike. I had him on my list. I I would go even further and say he's not a true Yankee. No, definitely not. Which is funny because he's had some of the best seasons of all time by any offensive player. Still not a true Yankee. The, The, I Mean the choking Game five like really doesn't get discussed enough. It kind of just got forgotten about after that Was 'cause the Dodgers are so good in all time.


True. Yeah. The, the all time choke. Also, you can't be a true Yankee in the regular season. The Yankees season starts in October. Agreed. Wake Me up in October. Will anybody be a true Yankee ever again now that they changed the facial hair rules? No. That's a good point. Maybe not. I also think that that was just a test. Yeah. I think it was like, if you do grow the, the hair outgrow the beard out, that means that you were never true Yankee to begin with. Right. Like a parent being like, Hey, you can try any drug. Just make sure you tell me about it. Yeah. And then you're like, I she's a cop move. I just shot heroin. And she's like, you're outta family. Yeah. Police. Yeah. Nate Oats can't win the big Oh, That's a good narrative. You Can't, there's other narratives. If I was Nate Oats, I would, I would hightail it to the NBA before that narrative really gets teeth.


Yeah. I mean, it's gonna start, he's got like, it's when you have these top 10 teams every year and he can't get, can't get over the hump. He Plays Mickey Mouse basketball. Yeah. A good, a fun one that I am personally rooting for. John Shire would be a fun one. Yeah. Because he's gonna have really good teams every single year. And he's fresh, you know, is it's fresh clay that we can mold. But you realize if we get 10 years and it's like, holy shit, he hasn't won One. You realize that that would just be a, a feather in Coach K's cap. True. If John Shire couldn't win. So maybe Scratch off This John Shier. Is he a better coach than Coach K Mm. Maybe that narrative He needs to win one first. Yeah. Lamar Jackson's a given.


That one's a fun one. Yep. Because he's, and I know people be like, well what about Josh? What about Joe? Bro? Lamar Jackson has played worse in the playoffs than he has in the regular season. Yeah's a fact. Possibly. It's, it's been a big step back. Yeah. Memes in the lottery ball. Big one. Huge. That one's been a narrative. That one's, that one's never gonna leave. It was written in stone. What, what Max? It doesn't matter because he is never gonna get it. But what would we do with the lottery ball if memes does Get it. Start over. Start over. Get A new machine. We actually should do that. We gotta like That. We Should. Yeah. I'll say it right now. We, we should, we should talk to someone about getting a new machine. What Hank What? What was that look?


Yeah, the serving looks Just a Exact copy of this exact Machine. No, we could get a different one. I, I think when, whenever we all get it, we should just go to the next machine. You know what I got, I got, this Just starts the narrative. I Just got a really tiny One. I I got a hundred sided dice. That thing sucks. No, no. Never get one of those. No. The, yeah, we'll get a new one. What? Okay. We have money to burn. Sure. What the fuck? Get a fucking We'll just fire Nikki smokes and get a new lottery ball machine. Alright, I'm done With that. Done. Okay. Lottery Ball machine only fucks up one person in the office. Yeah. True. Rick Barnes. He's out, out there. He's got the narrative never winning the big one.


Also Tennessee basketball. Not going to the final four that do anything for you? Not really. You're not a college basketball. We see, I should have, should have left the golf. Just stick with golf. He's, we've lost him. Either Stick with golf or, or just like New York sports. Oh, I got a couple of New York sports coming up. But How about a couple college football coaches for you? Sure. Lincoln Riley? Yeah. James Franklin. Okay. James Franklin. Big time narrative guy. Big time. Brian Kelly. I feel like he's just done, but James Franklin is next up for the narrative. Didn't he win a playoff game though? He did, but he still hasn't. That was the Narrative. No, it was against SMU at home. It Was SMU. He can't beat a real team. And that team, Like those aren't Yeah, he can't beat like a real Power five team.


Okay. Jordan Love. I think we can all agree. How about this one? Hank, you're gonna like this one. Jalen Brunson. Mm. Does that do anything for you? Yeah. Not clutch at all. Whoa. Two Natty. Whoa. Whoa. Does that do anything Hank doesn't care about, we're talking about NBA. I'm just saying. I'm, I'm trying to That's crazy. I'm trying to predict where the narratives are gonna go next. No. Jalen Brunson is not a narrative. Ah, he is Not. Okay. Think at what point has he had a team that's said underperformed. I Think how he's arguing means that he might be be right. No, Nick currently pf two, knowing me, the Knicks were built to beat the Celtics this year. Well then, and then you know what I did? We Hadn't seen the Playoffs. Oh, you're gonna turn me into a Knicks guy and I fucking hate the Knicks. You know what I did a week later is I cashed outta that bet for like knick 25% of what I Put down the Knicks built to beat the Celtics.


Yeah. I was, I was feeling the Knicks for a little bit. I still think that Jill and Brunson is stuck in that zone where the, the team around him isn't good enough. That's what everyone's saying. Yeah. He's like, the way that he plays is so hard and like he gives so much effort that it's hard to put that narrative on him. It's everybody else's fault. I'm just trying to predict narratives. I don't think it, but Meme had a great point back here. How about when the, when Luca went down and he just single handedly brought the Mavs of the Western cops. Great. I'm just saying I'm, again, I'm not saying it's Jalen Bruts. I'm trying to predict the next narrative guy. It's the Knicks. You can't get mad at me for trying to predict it. No, he's not a narrative guy. He won two national championships. Jalen Brunson's a stud. Okay. Okay. You're Max is talking me yesterday. You said The question is Yes.


Won the big one. He's won the big one twice. That's that's not the big One's. Yes it Is. No it's not. That's not the big One. We literally just did. What What league what league does he play? We literally Just did a college basketball section. Yeah. They stay in college basketball. Yeah. Wrong. If Jalen Brunson was still in college, Jalen Brunson was still playing for Villanova. There'd be no narrative. I'm just asking questions. Wow. He got, I think we might be onto something very, Very simple. You're not onto something. This is the stupidest one yet. No, It is stupid. But I, it makes me want, thank you. Yeah. It makes me want to take big cat's side whether you're Fighting, right? Because it makes me mad. But You're also wrong about college basketball being different from like, that's that's in the past, man. And Just so we're clear, I'm not saying the narratives right now.


I'm saying, I'm trying to predict who could be the next guy for us. Like Patrick Cantley hasn't played enough golf for him to be, he can't win the big one. Could he be the He can't win the, the big one. John Shire has only coached for three years. You can't be like John Shire can't win the big one. But he could be that guy in five years. See what I'm doing? You Got me to the point that I'm starting to argue that Joelle and like, oh, John Beats on this list, obviously. Yeah. Kevin Willard People were roasting me about Joel and Bead. Yeah. You see that Sixers Twitter got a hold of that. That that one guy was awesome. I hope. I hope this is the first of many. Yeah. Oh, kidney stones. Yeah, the kidney stones. Hey buddy. I have 16 because I told, yeah, I told, I told Joel and Bead like I'm not missing a podcast.


And then all the comments, once Sixers Twitter got a hold of it, we're like, this motherfucker's in the hospital and can't piss. And he's thinking about Joelle Em bead. I was like, yep. Yeah, sure am. Love it. Kevin Willard never, never gone to the Elite eight. Okay. That's on there. This is turning into just p trying to piss Max on. No. Alright, we'll go somewhere else. A fun one. Why aren't we talking about Kaitlyn Clark? She's never won a Championship. Yeah. Not even in college. She's gotta start winning championships. And Paige Becker's, many are saying is gonna be better than her. We'll see. We'll see. Wait a minute. So now we're counting college for Kaitlyn Clark, but not for Jalen Brunson. Well, Also in the WNBA. Well, she hasn't, yeah, she hasn't won. The first thing you just said was not even in college.


Yeah. She hasn't won one. It's Doubled that she has. Yeah. Yeah. She had that narrative that was established in at Iowa, right. That now she's got a brand new narrative. Right. Exactly. And also it was basically Caitlyn Clark by herself in Iowa. Jalen Brunson had a stacked team. Kevin Durant's narrative. Just, we just need a new chapter of it because it's now that his career is getting closer and closer to being done, no one has ever like ruined their legacy more. Mm. Russell Wilson. Hmm. Russell Wilson was as much of an all time great though. Yeah. Like he wasn't, Kevin Durant was like on the path. Russell Wilson was on the path to be in the Hall of Fame, But not all time.


Great. Not all time. Great. Right. I think, I think Kevin Durant, like, I mean, just the, the he's, he's about to go to another team this year. Yeah. Like if he ruins the next team he goes to. How is that not talked about? He should go to The Thunder. Thunder could help his narrative a lot. Thunder would be the only place that save is his narrative. Yeah. But Like it's, it'll be, it'd be a nice bow on everything. Yeah. I think there's a chance. I think there is an actual chance he goes to DC if we get the first pick. That'd Be a good narrative Too. It'd be a good narrative. Go home. Yeah. Mike Trout to make the playoffs. You just don't talk About it. Mike tr to smile. Yeah. Mike tr to smile. Mike tr to go to the playoffs. Come home. James Harden obviously.


I mean, that one is just, he is, he's doing the same thing every year. Like he's, he played, he's had a very good season. He was incredible on Sunday. I can't wait to watch him in the Playoffs. Yep. I can't wait for him to be good in like the first three games of a series and then game six or seven be like, where'd James Harden go? Yep. That's a fun one. And then and beat obviously Connor McDavid. Obviously Embi is the most obvious one. Right. I almost feel like that narrative's closed though. You think it's just over? I think it's just over. And then I had two others that were just like, Hey, we, we lost Hank by the way, immediately after we stopped talking about golf. Shut up. Shut up. Two that two that I'll throw out there that are just, they listen there. It's a long time and there's different situations.


Luca could definitely be a narrative guy eventually being in la Like The style of play that he has. Yeah. If he Doesn't win one and then I'll just throw this one out there. And I love him. I, I think he's so much fun to watch. Do we talk, do we talk about how Giannis might only win one? Hmm. That's also like a cast of characters though. I understand. Only win one though. Never is, it never is a discussion. I But when you're, How many did Ovie win? He's won as of now. There sometimes is that discussion, but like That's not a discussion for Ovie. Why would that be a discussion? To be honest, he, one one just changed. He also fucking carried. Like he Yeah, he did. He did. Alright. So that was a bad one. Carried it to English. I was thinking outside the box.


What, what other ones do you have? P-F-T-I-I have kind of a reverse one. Okay. One that might get flipped on its head depending on what happens. This postseason. If the Warriors go on a run, which they could. Steph Curry goes, lights out. Is Steph Curry, does he enter the Kobe realm of the goat conversation? I would, I would So make the argument that he, in LeBron's goat decade, Steph Curry was the best player. He changed the game. Yeah. Maybe not for the better Would be big for Jay Butt too. It'd Be huge for Jay Butt. Jay Butt would've a, His legacy. But if, if the Warriors win the NBA title this year, Steph Curry wins finals. MVPI feel like you're gonna have, yeah, you're gonna have the Jordan, LeBron, Kobe Curry conversation.


Yeah. I mean having five would be insane. Yeah. And, and spread out that that far. Yep. Yeah. It's one team. One team. One team. One Jersey guy. One Jersey guy. One that you might wanna buy in on now. Okay. From the ground up. Can Arch Manning win the big one? Mm. I like that. He's got, he's got not Winter DNA in his system. Peyton Manning. Yeah, he won. But for a long time we had that. By the way, one of the funniest clips of all time was when was it? Was it Phil Sims? Who was it that said if Peyton doesn't win a Super Bowl, we're gonna talk about him Like in the same vein as Dan Marino, that he can't win a Super Bowl. And Dan Marino was on the set with him.


Yeah. When he said that, he was like, dude, what the fuck? Yeah. He was so pissed Right here. He was so pissed. But yeah, we'll see what Arch Manning does at Texas. Texas has not been able to win the big one since what? Vince Young. So it's like, I don't know. They've been, they've been sniffing around. If Arch can't get it done, I like that. Then it might be that same narrative that, I mean, Peyton, yeah. They didn't win the big one in college either. It would be then he leaves and they win. It would Be nostalgic to do a whole Manning. Can't win the big one again. I would like that. I think it'd be good for our souls Also. Max Counterpoint, to your point that just popped in my head, I actually think that people do bring it up with Rogers that he only won one. I think you bring it up with Rogers. Okay. That's a fair counterpoint. Keep going. PFT Wanna keep your eye on.


Well, it has been brought up. Yeah. By You, Kevin. O'Connell. Oh, Can't, can't win in the playoffs. Oh. He's a regular season merchant. Mm. He's, he's doing the best with some below average to average to maybe kind of good quarterbacks. Mm. Bringing the best out of him. Getting high seeds, losing the playoffs. Just something to keep your eye on. Keep an eye on. Don't get me wrong, he's like one of the best coaches, if not the best offensively in the NF. Shannon's an incredible coach. I trade, you know. Well, I wouldn't anymore, but a lot of teams are traded for Kyle Shanahan. Yeah. Like Kevin O'Connell right now would suck a dick to get to the Kyle Shanahan can't win the Super Bowl narrative. Yeah. Yeah. That's A good point.


I'm trying to think of, oh, Shala may. I hope he doesn't win a Oscar forever. Oh, okay. Yeah. 'cause he said he wanted to win it so bad. That'd be sick. Kind of a loser move to wanna win an Oscar. Right. He will. Juicy. Yeah. But what if he doesn't win one for like 40 years? Dude, dude. Yeah. But that's, we want that for, you know, good, good films. I, but I like the fact, yeah, yeah. I like being able to say Juicy J has won more Oscars than Timothy Chalamet. You're just saying this is what opens up, like being like, I liked his speech. 'cause I do, I do agree with him. There's no shame in being like, this is what I want to do and I want to be the best. But when you do that, and if you're not, if you don't win the awards, people are gonna start talking. Chatter. One narrative I'm just gonna lean into this year is that the SEC is a basketball conference.


I like That. Yeah. So just keep that in mind. This Is just a whole segment of just being the hater convention. Yeah. Like where, so, so any, what, what Gimme your top four that you like, that you're gonna go with. I like can't lay. I really like Brunson. I should have never said anything. Aaron Judge was solid. Is Jay Wright a system coach? Oh, That, that whatever. Yeah. You're not mad. That was the worst argument ever because it's, see, it's the opposite. What it's is Villanova a Jay Wright merchant is the, is the real argument there. He is a system coach that No, he is The system. Jay Wright is the system.


That's not how we use that term. That's how I used It. Okay. I would say Mike Trout. 'cause but I feel like that one just n never gets any doesn Traction get talked About. Yeah. But it should, Baseball It's hard because baseball's so hard. Like, One player can do really well and the team still can't lose. Right. But you can't blame the one pl like it was different. Like Clayton Kershaw was such a good one. Big because big He would be so good in the regular season. Yeah. And then as soon as the playoffs game, he would, he would suck. Yeah. Bryce Sharper is also an opposite one. He iss never won a World Series, but he always plays well in the Playoffs. Oh. Oh yeah. Bryce, I Forgot about Bryce. Bryce Sharp. Bryce Harper was never won the World Series. No. You think that he has Hank because Oh, when, when he signed with the Phillies in his press conference that he gave Bryce Harper. Bryce Harper said, it's my dream to bring a World series to Washington DC when he signed with the Phillies by mistake.


Oh. And then We won the World Series and the Phillies did it. So you got, Wait, I thought Bryce Harper's on that team. No. So you have He wasn't, no he wasn't. Max. You have Kevin Willard and Bead, Bryce Harper and Brunson. Well, Bryce Harper is like one of the Best postseason Hitters ever. He Is. Alright, so what, what's your fourth pick? Hank Bryce Harper. Bryce Harper. Kevin O'Connell. Okay. All right. That's Good. Good. Yeah. It is just a hater watch who can we, who, who's going to fail? And we're gonna just relish in it Some somebody out. There's like, PMT has never won the iHeart Media podcast award. Can't win the big one.


That's True. We technically have, we we we would be a Can't win the big one. Yeah. Can't hold onto a show. Yep. But yeah, I feel bad for you. Hey. 'cause I do, I I feel like I saw it in your face. You really enjoyed the Rory not being able to win one in a decade plus and not wanna be able to win the Grand Slam and it got robbed from you. It also is extra worse when it's like golf guys who are like crying wit Rory being like, we did it. Yeah. Yeah. It is what it is. You gotta just, you know, they, they got, they got, they got one. Yeah, They got one on us. The LeBron, it, it really is. The LeBron. LeBron Cavs year was was the worst That one ended you.


Yeah. It was just, it was impossible. So that's Another point that you could win one and not, and, and still have the narrative. 'cause it was, he had won two. Yeah. LeBron. Well that's when Goat, the goat narrative. Yeah. You could fight for, you still could. Yeah. I mean, six losses in the finals Though. Yeah. It's a lot of, a lot of losing. A lot of losing. Okay, let's do Hot Seat. Cool. Thrown. And then we'll get to our interview with Joe Missoula.


NBA playoffs are here. And the only place to buy hard to get playoff tickets in is Gametime the official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports. Hey, can you look up the tickets for Bowls Heat, which is tonight as you're listening to this with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying NBA playoff tickets. Prices on the app actually go down the closer it gets to tip off. If you can save up to 60% when buying last minute tickets, plus on April 22nd for Earth Day, when you select and purchase a Super Deal, Gametime will plant a tree with the proceeds looking at tickets for the Bulls heat. $68, $68 playing magic. Amazing deal on Gametime. What are you waiting for? Go buy those tickets now. Take the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account. Use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime?


Okay. Hot Seat. Cool Throne. Hank My Hot Seat. Cool Throne is my Hot Seat Is Ryan Day? Mm Why is that? So this is just a funny classic, classic internet story. It started with Clay Travis who, who said you can't trust men who dye their beards. It's a red flag. Ryan Day's wife then came over the top and said, I've known Ryan my entire life. He has never once dyed his beard. Next narrative. Move on to the next narrative. Oh, Ryan Day looks like he dies. His beard, he has, it's kind of an embrace debate. It's a Hot Seat. And if he doesn't die, if he does dye his beard, he's gotta now be super careful and super on point with it. You Know what I take away from this is that it's even funnier because Ryan Day obviously dies.


His beard in secret, he hides it from his wife. Okay. He's probably got a, a special bathroom that he goes into that's got his just for men for the beard hidden a winded cabinet that she doesn't look into. He goes in there for like 15 minutes. She probably thinks he's jacking off. He goes in there, dies the beard comes out, and then she pretends that nothing is is Amis. Yeah, I'm looking at it right now. So he does have very like, dark black hair. So it might be that, but I've also, I, there's no way that's not dyed. Right. You know what it is? It's the, it's So dark. It's the rosy cheeks that really make the beard Pop. Maybe that's it. I'm trying to find pictures of him with any graying hair.


'cause like if your, if your hair is graying, your beard is gonna gray, you know, it just, I don't think you can have one or the other. Huh? Usually the beard goes first. Yeah. I can personally Attest that the beard goes first. Well that might just be mayonnaise. Yeah. Oh. Oh man. I don't like you guys. I Love you Max. That comment alone won the Brunson debate. Can't win the big one. Okay. So He is, he's now gotta really, you know, be on point. He's gotta be really on point. I'm seeing some pictures. They might be, I don't know if they're looking like a little bit of gray hair up top. So he's, he probably dies it. You gotta see JD Vance fumble the trophy.


I did see that. Yeah. Why is the trophy two pieces You dropped the base? I think it's just to humiliate people that try to pick it up. It's crazy 'cause I wanted to laugh at them and be like, wait, this trophy makes no sense. Whoa. Ryan Day without a beard is kinda weird. I don't wanna know. Gross. Yeah. Sounds gross. Okay. Where did you see that? You get the slide. You know how they, I kinda wanna see it. They do the pictures where you like show like before and after flooding. Oh, I thought that, that it was like an AI thing that you could do. Imagine this guy without a beard. No, he, he actually didn't have a Beard. Can we do that with Hank? No memes. Can you find some sort of face tuning app that removes Hank's Beard? Okay. What's your next one? That might be the new, the new Max that you Photoshop onto stuff.


PFT just used to rock a Hitler stash for like three years. I did not rock a Hitler stash for three years. This is what separates me from Ryan Day is that the center of my mustache grow and darker than the blonde is at the end. So if I go a couple days without, Remember when you dyed your bun, your, your beard? Yeah. And you tried to pawn it off as knot. Yeah. That was awesome. Yeah, I remember that. But so yeah. The sides growing blonde lighter and so if I go a couple days without trimming it up, it looks like you know who it was Shadow, you Know who else had the Hitler stash? Don't say Hitler. Michael Jordan. Michael Jordan. Yeah. Michael Jordan. The Hanes commercial. Yeah. But yeah, so Memes has, has found a bunch of old pictures of me with a Hitler stash.


Yeah. That's bad. Not a Hitler Sash. Memes having just like our entire archive is one of the scariest things we've got going on. It is, it's pretty bad. Yeah. He's not to be like, look at him. He's just so happy. He, he just, it's not that I don't trust him 'cause I actually do trust him. I just, I just know that he could, I mean he, the guy said he was going to bomb NFL headquarters. Like he, he's a, he's a, he's, he's kind of the ridler, the, the What's the guy? The Joker. Joker. I said the Ridler. My brain just lost it there for a second. Yeah. The Joker. If Any of you guys got arrested for something violent, I would be like, that's completely outta character.


I've got a document already typed up for when memes inevitably does. I'm ready to go. Yeah. Okay. I trust them. My cool throne is Shado Sanders and Travis Hunter. Kind of an embrace debate as well. But they are getting their jerseys retired at Colorado next year. Okay. And there was a lot of Debra debate being embraced. Travis Hunter, I feel like less so won The Heisman. Yeah. Both. And Travis Hunter's both sides. No a no doubter. You have to do Travis Hunter Heisman Shado Number Shado. Is he 12? 12? Yeah. That's tough because 12 is such a good quarterback number. And Also, you know, they were saying, you know, Cordell Stewart doesn't have his number retired.


He won a lot of games. So I think they were, I saw someone point out that no one from the national championship team in 90 91 has their number retired. I did. I was looking at it because I, I guess judo has over a hundred records at Colorado, so that's kind of cool. But yeah, I think, you Know, it feels like something that when, when Prime Coach Prime Leaves, they're just gonna be like, we're gonna unretire. Do you Know what my real, yeah. Do you know what my real take is on this? Is I have no problem with Shado and Travis Hunter. I have a problem with the timing way too soon. Yeah. You, you Can't retire a number three months after they, they've stopped playing. Like this is 10 years from now. They're doing it the spring game. Do you think that This was done to give like one little nudge to Shara's draft stock?


Yeah. There is a lot of stuff that the giants are are invited them back. Yeah. For like the owners A personal pro day. Yeah. But don't you guys agree like retiring number, you can't just do like that right away. It should be Like the Hall of Fame. Like it's gotta be five years. Yeah. After you leave minimum You gotta let it settle. Minimum. What happens if Hank you also implied that Dion had something to do with Shara's number being retired. I think He, you think he did? So you think that's bullshit? You think Dion did say nepotism was in play Here? I don't know about that. I think he did. I don't know. You think he said if you're gonna retire Travis, But, so you can make, How about Shiloh? Probably try, probably tried. Travis Hunter should get his jersey retired. Shouldn't be right away. Shado Sanders. You can make the argument if he was the start of Colorado.


Like completely changing everything. Yeah. You know what I mean? If this is sustainable and Colorado's good for the next 20 years and like it all started with Shado, then I think it makes sense. But you can't make that judgment right now. Hank. I I feel like you would be in favor of just every team retiring to number 12. Yeah. I would Be like, like Jackie Robinson. Robinson. Robinson. What were you gonna say that was Oh you, oh, your Hot Seat. My Hot Seat. I mean, I'm kind of on the Hot Seat still from the stones. Haven't passed 'em yet. So last night I, I took an edible because I was in a bunch of pain. Not a drug guy, but I was like, I'm gonna try to dull this as much as I can. So I take an edible and then I'm trying to piss the stone out. So I'm banging waters all night.


I probably banged like nine, nine waters or so. I'm sitting there on the couch. And then I got super paranoid probably from the edible. And I convinced myself that I gave myself water poisoning, which you can do. Oh, There was that, that story. You Could like die. Yeah. You can die from it. So this lady, it was, it was like a radio call in show or something. Yeah. And they were giving away a Nintendo Wii because they were hard to get your hands on. So it was Hold your Wii for we, and they brought a bunch of guests in the studio, made them chug waters. And the person that lasted the longest that didn't pee, they won the, we, I think this lady, I don't know if she won. She might have come, come in second. That's brutal. And then she drank so much water that she died. You can like drown yourself from the inside.


I obviously came nowhere close to that, but I was paranoid from the weed. So I was like, oh shit, am I, I died. Am I gonna die from drinking all this water? And so then I decide the best way to counteract all that was I had to eat a giant bag of Doritos. Cool Ranch Smart Doritos to get some sodium in my system. Smart. So then I just woke up this morning feeling like shit because I ate a full bag of Doritos. Cool. Ranch Doritos outside on a full tummy. On a full tummy. Yeah. My other Hot Seat is nepotism. Oh. So not nothing to do with Dion, but there was a story that came out in the Athletic this morning about what's going on at Chapel Hill at UNC. And so one thing that Belichick, what's going on, didn't have to worry about beforehand, was Freedom of Information Act requests where you can get your hands on the, the emails that are sent around.


So Belichick's girlfriend also personal assistant philosophy. Major author, Probably assistant Coach, assistant coach Jordan Hudson. She, they got their hands Because Hank is locked back in, in a, he's peeved. They got their hands on some of the emails that she's been sending back and forth. Oh no. She said that the school shouldn't use images of Steve and Bill together Steve Belichick and Bill Belichick together because she wanted to prevent visual prompts that could fuel accusations of nepotism. She suggested that the Tar Heels avoid referring to Steve as Bill's son and instead highlight his own accomplishments.


She said it is really worth emphasizing the point that Steve has the experience of being a college defensive coordinator and will we will bring a plethora of knowledge to the coaching staff. That's facts. I believe being strategic about the depiction of the Steve will prevent controversy. She calls him the Steve. Okay. I believe that being strategic about the depiction of the Steve will prevent controversy and show upmost respect towards Steve's career. Validate Bill's decision as head coach to hire Steve. Hmm. So they've also applied for a number of patents. They have tried to trademark Chapel bill. Oh, The Be illustrator, the Belichick Way. And my personal favorite chapel bill.


Parentheses Bill's version. Oh, in parentheses. I feel like that one is the winner. That's The one that she came chapel bill up with Bill's version. That was definitely Belichick's idea. Yeah, That's, yeah. What Hank what, what are your thoughts on all this? I'll ask you a question. I asked Dave on the rundown, if UNC has a great season wins the a CC championship, do you think a single player touches that trophy before? She does? Yes. No way. You think she's gonna be at his side? Oh yeah. Did you see her on the field? Florio actually out of nowhere. Florio, we, we you you have the enemy of my, the enemy is my friend Florio had his back.


He was like, it looks like she's just doing her job as producer of his documentary. Okay. So he had her back. Yeah. That's good. Yeah, I think, I think he would give the trophy to the players first. I think. What if he Didn't? But what I'm not saying Bill has to get like, I think Bill would maybe, but like what if Dave say's standing right there. What, what did Dave say? He said 100% she would touch it before the players. She's a good dresser though. I'll give her that. She's Passionate cares. She's very good looking. She cares about the team. Yep. A lot. And she's, you know, using her voice to make her thoughts known. Okay. She is. None of this is weird.


What Any of this Having a girlfriend. No. You know what I'm asking? I mean, if if it wasn't for the Freedom of Information Act, no one would be any wiser about This. That's Yeah. Really the true the problem is is the First Amendment. Yeah. Yeah. I mean if ev everyone's emails were out there, you know, their wife, that's like a very normal thing Yeah. For their girlfriends to kind of run the show. Like that's like a, a common narrative. Really. Good point. That's a great point. Okay. You're cool Throne. My cool throne. We did a bad job. Joe Flaco is back in Cleveland. Oh, did you miss that? I did. Yeah. So Joe Flaco is back. So very thankful for that. Love that brows love doing things with quarterbacks one year or too late. Yeah. That's what they're really into these days. So He's gonna be, is he in the list of doubters for Deshaun?


He's gotta be, Yeah. I mean him, Kenny Pickett. Kenny Pick. Yep. Kenny Pickett was pumped. Although I, Kenny had a, a quote that was like, I'm excited to play with Joe Flaco. I used to watch him when I was 10. Oh. That made me feel very old. Said He is also coming for the starting job. Yeah. I mean you, we'll see if it's a real competition. Yeah. If it's real open quarterback thing. My other cool throne is Coachella. Mm. Because Coachella people, I, I read a stat that was 50% of concert attendees are financing their tickets this year. It's like 700 bucks to get in. Is Coachella still like a cool thing to go to? Because I I I've opted out officially of all music festivals. I think I'm done with festivals. It's, from my perspective, it feels like it's just become all influencers and brands.


It's Coach Coachella sold out. Yeah. What happens? That's where I, I where's my, where's the Coachella? I used to know and by, I used to know I would look at like hot girls on Instagram going to Coachella. I didn't, I didn't leave Coachella. Coachella left me. So yeah, they're, people are financing them. They're putting 'em on layaway. Meaning you're getting a loan for your ticket to Coachella. Which sounds like a terrible decision financially. And then what happens if you don't pay up? Do you get your, and you already went to the festival. Do they repossess your Instagram posts? I think So. I don't know how that works. But they, you Also Just described influencers. What you were like, what's, you were like, Coachella is just hot girls going to, or influencers going to Coachella. I Like how you pronounce To be hot girls.


I like how you pronounce Coachella. Coachella. Coachella. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like there's still hot girls That Yeah, There's definitely still hot girls that go to Coachella. There are, but I'm saying they're just, wait, who are you talking to? You? I, I know there are, but I'm saying it's all influencers now though. Like it's the, the entire thing is sold out. Like, what Was it la what was it before? Those were also influencers Eight years ago. My Coachella Instagram models. The Instagram models other than like My Coachella. Yeah. It was fucking different bro. It was, yeah, It was about the music. Just Like your Vibes. You were like my Coachella was hot girls hot influencers. No, They were just hot girls. They were natural hot girls. They're natters. Those are also Just, they were Nat No influencers were No, no, no, no, no, no.


Buddy. Hey, back me up. The internet not used to not be all influencers. I think it was in the last, you know, five years. It's the same the hot girls are now in. It's different. No It was No it was chicks. It was Chicks in the wild back then. Yeah. And it Was Organic. No, they were just Wait, wait, wait, wait. No it was, it was chicks in the wild 'cause you followed them 'cause they were influencers for you. And then they become influencer influencers because picture Was so good. Alright. We just had a four way conversation. I'm saying all the hot, it used to just be Naty hot girls. No it wasn't. Yeah, It was, those were still influencers. No, they they were in for The love of the game. Yeah. Now they're just influencers. And they were, they were concert attendees. The Love of the game of taking pictures and posting 'em on Instagram.


Yeah. They they were, they were concert. They're still doing that. That's memories. Concert Attendees, that that happened to be very attractive. Right. And then, and then those same girls Thank you. Became the Influencers. Correct. And now they're no longer as hot because they're not just chicks in the wild. Yeah. Now you gotta get a skincare routine just to look at a hot picture. Yeah. They sold out. Yeah. Babe. Sold out. They did. They did. Women Honestly, women sold Out. The Nats were the best. I Liked women before it was cool. This is such a, this is such an old, old man. Why? Well, it was old man like five years ago too. Yes. What are you talking about? They weren't all influencers. Yes they were. No they weren't. How did you find them then? How are you kidding them? I just saw them Sidebar. Yeah, I think I think maybe five years ago it was influencers.


I think we're, remember Coachella? Yeah. 10 years ago. 10 years ago. 10 years. 10 years. We bar Barto the chive. They would post the gallery of all the hot girls that at Coachella not, it wouldn't be influencers. Factor or fact 10 years ago. Yeah. Okay. Sorry. I should have said 10 years ago guys. I still think that they were, most of those were probably influencers as well. 10 years ago you were didn't years 14 max. That is, I wish that were the case 10 years ago. Influencers were not like that was a real Ins. There were still Instagram, like Instagram Models. Were still, I'm back 10 years ago. When did Coachella start? Long time ago, I Think.


Yeah. See my Coachella. Yeah. But Woodstock 99 guy. It's literally been the only, the only experience I've ever had with Coachella is just looking at hot chicks. Coachella might be, Which still Exists. That might be on the Mount Rushmore of stuff I never want to go to. That would be a good one to do Actually though that one is not. 'cause I think there's a little, at least in my dumb brain, I get Burning Man and Coachella mixed up Coachella's like in Palm, Palm Springs, right. In California. It's like really nice. Yeah. And so Burning Man's in the desert. I think they get like nice Airbnbs and they just party all weekend. Yeah. But still I Oh, you Want to go ahead? I would never go to Coachella.


I would never go to Burning Man. I don't think I'm ever gonna go to, I Will go to Coachella if, if we need to someone in this, I'll go to, you know what Yeah, I'll go too to get to the bottom of this Natty Hot Girl thing. Like If a, if a brand really wants to send one of us, like I guess I'll fall on that spot. I'm more of a fire fest guy. Oh, alright. My cool throne is, oh sorry. Wait, was that Hot Seat? That was your Hot Seat. That Was my cool throne. That was your Cool, your own Hot Seat. My Hot Seat is us because we gotta listen. We, we did it with Rory Tip. Your cap. Chris Paul played all 82 games this year. That's wow. We got it. He's 40 years old. That's amazing. Like we gotta tip our cap. Rosc finally got one now The Spurs did not even come close to making the Playoffs, which actually is perfect for SSC because he doesn't have to deal with a drastic, horrible crash out by Chris Paul and whatever team he's on.


I Think if he played less, maybe they would've made the playoffs. Yeah, probably. But that's pretty nuts. Year 20 plays all 82 games. I think Chris Paul should actually like this should be his goal. 'cause he is never gonna win one perfect Attendance award. Just play for another five years and play every single game. He won't, he Won't, he won't do it. And then my cool throne is, well Pa Paige Becker's is the number one pick. She the WNBA draft happened. Who'd you guys get? We got the guard from Notre Dame. Okay. We got a player from Southern California. California. I didn't put on the spot, I didn't mean to put You on. No, I'm trying to think. Somebody from Southern California and then I want to say, I don't know, probably European or something.


Speaking of USC, did you see the, the most recent video of Jane Daniels? No, I did not. It was him dancing at a wedding. Oh yeah, I saw that one. And his mom was like right behind him. Yeah. No girls. What part of No girls? Don't you understand, Hank? Is that weird? Like if we're gonna talk about, we we have the Conversation. It's weird. No, he's, he's ball is life. Life. He's a grown man. He's, he's worried about one ring and that's a Superbowl ring. Hank. It's a little weird. Hank. I'd agree. So that's you. You don't want your, you don't want your players to be normal human beings. You just want them, I want my quarterback to be married to the game. She could Have been like 10 feet further away. It's a wedding. Yeah. On A Dance floor It's completely normal to have chaperones.


But Paycheck has, That's true. That's more of a conservatorship. It's more of a Chaperone Yeah. Than a chaperone. The, the Paige Becker's went number one. But I, I bring up Cool Throne because this might be one of the coolest tweets ever. This guy named Gary Knox, who I think is a, a writer for like prep. He does like covers prep school and high school basketball in 2013, tweeted a picture and said, it's a picture of Paige Becker's. He said, remember the name Paige Becker's. Sixth grade. Think Diana Tessi. Best sixth grade guard I've ever seen. St. Louis Park. Wild. That's pretty nuts.


Like to actually call your shot like that. Yeah. Sixth grade. Like you, there's no way you could tell it's sixth grader being like, that's gonna be the next number one pick. No, But I mean, she's, she's awesome. I do think that she might be a better WNBA player than Caitlin Clark. I do Not. I think she's more athletic. She's more explosive. Caitlyn Clark obviously shoots better from the outside and she's like a once in a generation talent. But in terms of, I'm talking about winning. I think Caitlin Clark's better. You Just said once in a generation. Yeah. Once in a generation shooter. I'm also a Juju guy. I I heard this. Dominique Malanga is is just the female weby. Yeah. She can dunk, right? Yep. So I'm, I'm I I'm a, I'm a Milan Seattle.


Yep. Malanga head. A Malanga head. I, I don't dunno if that's how you pronounce her name, but like a female Weby. Sounds cool. You're Malo. It never really dawned on me like a chick getting dunked on, but that will Rock. Yeah, no, that's, that's cool. Yeah, I feel like maybe she should have been like, Paige Becker's is just the more marketable name, so that's why Paige Becker's went first. But Malanga is probably the better player. I have watched some highlights of Milonga. She's she's a problem. I did, I did see some very sad Dallas tweets of like one guy just being like, we coulda had Luca and Paige Becker's. Oh Man. Did you see that Nico is doing, he's doing a press conference. No. So he is meeting with the media for the first time since the trade. Only caveat is you're not allowed to bring any recording devices.


Oh, That's a pretty big caveat. Yeah. Pretty big caveat. So it's not really a press Conference, he's just having like a coffee talk. Yep. Yeah. Okay. Let's get to our interview. We got Joe Missoula, and then we'll finish up with some guys on checks.


Before we get to Coach Missoula, he's brought to you by our great friends over at Morgan and Morgan. That's right. Morgan and Morgan is America's top injury law firm. Morgan. Morgan will fight for the people they've been fighting for the people for over 35 years. There's a reason why coffee is the first thing that people reach for in the morning. Just like there's a reason why Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. By the way, speaking of coffee in the morning, Big Cat, those battle bars. Awesome. Incredible. They're, they're like legitimately one of my favorite things to eat in the morning. Yep. They taste so good this morning with coffee. You know what I did? I had a battle bar and then I figured out the perfect ratio of whole milk, just a splash, a half and half splash, a creamer. And then I froth the shit outta that. And it feels like a drink that you would pay like $9 for best breakfast ever. But Morgan and Morgan is the first people that you should call just like coffee is the first thing that you should reach for in the morning. They're America's largest injury law firm. They have over a hundred offices, more than a thousand lawyers nationwide. When hiring Morgan and Morgan. It's like hiring an army that's got your back. If you're injured by the negligence of another, you deserve to be paid. When you hire the wrong law firm, you may be beat before you start. All law firms are not the same. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR the people.com/pmt or pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. And now here's Coach Joe Missoula.


Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest, recurring guest champion defending champs. It is Boston Celtics head coach. Joe Missoula, coach, always great to see you. We're getting ready for the playoffs. Actually, first question, you just finished your season finale against the Hornets who are a lottery team. And you said that this is actually like the ultimate test to see if you're ready for the playoffs. Did you guys pass the test in an inconsequential game for your team? Your team? Yeah. I mean, I think there was, the season presents like so many tests and I feel like, you know, we break the season down and try to, you know, give ourselves as many tests as possible.


And I think there's a, there's something to be said, you know, in moments of, like you said, if a game is for whatever reason, inconsequential, can you still practice? You know, all the things that go in the winning and can you make that game like the most important game at that time? And so I, that was the, that was the goal yesterday was, you know, can we make that game the most important game? Can we make it, you know, the, the feeling of the, the anxiety, the pressure, the expectation that where you have to deliver you have to win. And I thought the guys, you know, did a great job of that. So, so walk me through this. When you say like, Hey, this is gonna be a big test and this is the most important game, but then coach's decision Tatum doesn't play. Is that kind of mixed messages are the guys like, Hey, I thought it was the most important game, but are best player not playing?


No, I don't think so because I think throughout the season you wanna validate every player like one through, you know, 15 or 17, how many ever are with us at the time. Right. And I think, you know, I think sometimes the way you treat some of those games is actually a disservice to those guys because you're not putting the pressure and the expectation and the standard of winning on them. And it's almost as like, okay, well we don't have our top guys today at this game, you know, doesn't matter as much. And I, I I think it's the opposite. We don't have our top guys today. This game matters even more. And because like, you know, development goes a lot of different ways, right? Like there's on court development, but then there's also like the piece to which, you know, you can't simulate, which is like you have to deliver every single night when, when, when you know, when you are a Jalen or a Jason or like the top guys and you don't get to simulate that.


And so the fine moments for the guys that are working their asses off throughout the whole season to give them three, four nights where they have to deliver that to me is just as important to their development as the skill work that they're doing and, and the stuff that they do throughout the season. I know that you, you're always looking for ways to make sure that your team is still motivated like a different season This year the championship was last year, God turned the page new season. Do you find that it's hard to, to get yourself or to get the team to buy in on that, given that once you win something, everybody treats you differently, they treat you like a champion, you've got this, you know, the pedigree or whatever they call it for you. How do you, how do you like kind of try to remove that to keep your team motivated and focus on, on now as opposed to last season?


Yeah, I mean I think everything comes first from like the DNA of the guys. Like they're, they're just, you know, our guys have a different mindset, you know, and, and, and as competitive as they are and like they, they, they're going after so many different things, whether it's championship gold, medal, you know, what they're doing off the court in their community. Were parents, like, they're just always going after greatness. And so I think I just try to feed off their personality and at the end of the day, like you only have so many opportunities to be great and to go after something that's, you know, special and bigger than yourself. And so, you know, you can't look, you gotta look at, you know, you gotta look at it from the standpoint of like, you don't know how, how, how many years you're gonna have an opportunity to go after something so special and, and the greatness of it.


So you kind of have to treat it differently. And, and I think the guys have that perspective, so I really just kind of feed off them. Yeah. Yeah. I I heard that you don't let your, your assistant coaches wear championship merch from last year. Is that true? That is, yeah. They can't, they can't, they can't wear it. Like even at home. Are you policing them at home? I wish I could, but I'm, but, but I'm not, I mean, I would love to just like show up to one of their houses and like they see me through like the bedroom window and they have like a shirt from last season on. What about fans? What about like a hypothetically a, a podcast producer that wears, you know, 2024 Boston Celtics, NBH Champ shirts all the time. Is that person living in the past? I mean, clearly he doesn't want us to win or move forward.


That's Not true. That's not true. He could avoid, that was a hypothetical. He's living in the past. That's a Hypothetical. Wait, so I, I got a question. You mentioned the gold medal when you're watching the Olympics this year and Jalen Brown gets snubbed and Jason Tatum doesn't get playing time. Are you sitting at home like rubbing your hands together? Like yes, this is, I obviously you're rooting for your guys, but yes, this is just another chip on their shoulder that I can now use and they're just like, Steve Kerr is literally giving me material that I can put on the bulletin board on day one and be like, they don't think you're good enough. Yeah, I mean if you, you guys ever watched the last dance and you know, I think if you listen to, if you watch that and you listen to some of the other guys like the Tom Brady's and those guys, they're, they, they're, they're intrinsically motivated.


That's what, you know, allows them to play for so long and to go after stuff, which I think our guys are, are intrinsically motivated and you know, why they've been able to do it. They've done up until this point. But then you gotta kind of like just make up shit sometimes to be able to like, you know, get yourself through something or whether you're lying to you could even be lying to yourself. And that's why like point of like yesterday's game, like, you know, yesterday's game, I, I felt like it was like a game seven for me and I was just like, Like if we lose this game, like it's gonna be a miserable 48 hours. You know? And I wanted that. And so I think, you know, I'm not, I I don't know if they were sitting there thinking that at the moment, but I think in our relationship I do try to find small ways to be able to just build, you know, narratives.


Sometimes they're made up, sometimes they're not. But I think you need that skill of, you know, some short term extrinsic stuff to where you can kind of like, you know, lie to yourself a little bit, put your own back against the wall. I think. I think it's necessary. Like, you know, especially when you're, you're playing and being a part of the Celtics. Yeah. So, alright, so, so along those same lines, the grizzlies fired their head coach Michael Malone got fired last week. Did Joe Missoula sit in his car being like, I'm next trying to, trying to get, even though you're not, but trying to tell yourself that like, it's gonna happen to me just to try to motivate yourself more. When we were that, that stretch in January where we weren't playing well, I was woke up every day and told myself I'm getting fired if we don't turn.


That's crazy. I'm, I'm, I'm done. Like, and I would tell the staff too, I'm like, guys, we're done. Like, you know, we don't figure this thing out, you know, like we, we just, we don't deserve to coach here. But yeah, I mean I think you, you have to kind of find that balance right? Of, of, you know, this is my dream job and I would love to be here for, you know, 10, 15 years. But at the same time, like I said to you today, like, you gotta be aware of your own mortality. Like the Celtics have been great before I was here and they're gonna be great whenever I'm done. And then, you know, you just have a responsibility and ownership to, to, you know, to be a part of the community, win as much as you can and, and, you know, leave it a little bit better than you found it. And then when it, when your time's up, it's the next guys. And that's just kind of how I look at it.


Like, you know, the coaching doesn't really define me, you know, if it happens, you know, the next day I gotta take my kids to school and, and you just focus on the present. I, I got, I got my dream job and I gotta be as present as I can, as grateful as I can. But I'll make, I'll, I'll make some shit up sometimes and be like, man, I'm definitely getting fired. Like, you know, But it must be hard to have that mentality when you're getting all these, all these awards, like the prestigious NBA coach of the Month award that you got from March. I mean, When I wrote down, you know, I was like 10, I think I pulled out a letter from my 10-year-old self and it was like win Coach of the month in March, The most important time in NBA basketball march. And you know, and I, I, I sat my kids down and I said, listen, like it's not about greatness.


It's like, can you just do it for 30 days? Yeah. Wait, so you, You should not be allowed to wear any coach of the month for March 20, 25. March. Yeah. Yeah. You can't even look at a graphic of it saying that you're the coach of the month. Wait, so like you said January, you guys hit a rut. What was the, what was the fix? What was the solution? 'cause you still have your job, so congrats on that. You, you were very close to getting fired, but what was, what was the thing that you guys were able to figure out that maybe got you out of that? I don't know that we ever, I don't know if there's like, one thing, I think like the, the, the journey of what we're on is, can be looked at from different perspectives, right? There's a one year perspective, there's a two year perspective. There's the seven, eight years that, you know, most the, the core of this team has been together.


There's the next three to five. And so I think when you're on this journey, there's just gonna be moments of of of that where I think it's almost a gift because it tests you as if like, do you really want this? You know, do you really want to go after this? Are you only competitive when, when it's going your way and when you're winning? Or like, can you be as competitive and locked in and dialed in even when, you know, we're going through small reps. And so I thought it was like one of the best gifts that we could have as a team that we were going through because it made us appreciate the journey more. And like, you can't just be competitive when you're winning. Like, you gotta find ways to do it even when it's not going your way. Mm. Do you believe that momentum is real? I, I do. I I think, I think in short stints, yeah, I do believe in that. And like, you know, we talk a lot about like end of quarters, start of quarters, certain plays that could get, get a team going on an eight, oh, run a 10 oh run.


How do you stop the run? So like I, I do believe, you know, in in spur like spur ability and stuff like that, that can go on within a game for sure. Because I know that you're not, you're not always a big believer in using a timeout at end of quarter end of game situations. You like to sometimes, depending on what, what it's like you let the boys play. But do you, do you ever do the timeout? Like when do you decide now's the time where I can stop the momentum from the other team by burning a timeout? I think it's a read, I think everyth it depends on like, you know, the, the situation, you know, kind of like the where, where I feel like the team's psychology is at. Like, is it a time for us to work through this? Is it a time for us to like, you know, really, you know, take a second and kind of, you know, regain the perspective of what's happening.


'cause sometimes a run happens and it's like, that's just the run of the game and sometimes a run happens because you've allowed it to happen by turning it over, making a bad play, not reading the, the personnel scout the right way. And so I think it's just kind of e every situation's different and it's just a read the, depending upon what's best for the team at that time. Yeah. Have you ever had a moment in an inconsequential game, although they are all consequential where you've burned a time out at the end of the game knowing like, Hey, I just gotta get rid of this time out. Otherwise people are gonna be like, oh, Joe Missoula taking the time out with him to the locker room. 'cause I would do that. I'd be like, shit, I got one, I got 'em all back here on shelf. I got like, you know. Yeah, you can't be that coach. Yeah. You can't, you can't take one with you to the locker room.


So have you ever, you ever been like, oh shit, we gotta get rid of this timeout. Oh, You know, the one I hate calling is like when you're down six with like five seconds left and you're just like, it's, it's like you're delaying your own funeral. It's like, let's just get the hell outta here. Like, I, I don't like, and it's like the coach thing to do to call it and, you know, drop up a play and, and it's just like, there was one time like the staff was like, Hey, we should call this and run a play. And I was like, we should get the hell outta here as fast as we can. Yeah. It's like, so I don't, if I call a time out, at least I haven't lost yet. Yeah, Right. I can still wait for a little bit And we haven't taken the l playing It. Yeah, no question. Yeah. I, I know that you're, you like, you like to use clips to motivate your team. You clip everything I've read that you, you clipped from baseball games, you clipped from soccer games.


How, like, when, when you're watching just, it could be sports, TV, movies, is your brain always in like, this could be a good motivational clip mode where you're always on the lookout for stuff? Yeah, I mean I think that goes back to like the momentum piece where it's not necessarily the momentum, but it's like every game you could watch the game from a different perspective every time. And, and in every competitive arena there's always a, a player two or a shift or two to where you're like, okay, that that's it right there. Like that could be the difference between, you know, winning and losing. That could be the difference between whatever the arena is winning, the winning the round, losing the round. And so yeah, I mean, we try to find the staff does that as well. Like, you try to find as many of those situations as you can. They're just constantly coming up and it just keeps it fresh, like the perspective to just learn different stuff.


But there, there's always a reason why a game or situation shifts and you gotta try to stay on top of that as much as you can. Is That sports only for you or does it extend to like, if you're watching Wheel of Fortune, you're like, you shouldn't have bought a vow there. Mm. That's where you lost it. I've never watched the Wheel of Fortune, but it's not just in sports, like, it happen in anything else too. Like, I do a lot with the kids, you know what I mean? Like, you know, a kid slip, my one of my kids slips up and does something. I'm like, see, like you keep that habit up, you know, it's gonna cost you five years from now, you're never, you're never gonna get through of the month, Month. Are you gonna use any clips from Rory's Masters win? So I'm, I'm gonna read some stuff on that. I mean, I got a lot of respect for him and, and that to me is the ultimate, you know, like appreciation of the journey, right?


Like, you know what, what really is success because you've had all this success and then, you know, it goes away for a little while and people put all the, the, the worldly and the external pressure on you again. And then now you're creating this thing of like, you have to have to do this. And, you know, his ability to, to work through it. That was really cool to see. So yeah, I'm, I'm gonna, you know, tap into some of the post, post post, what would you call it? Match? Yeah, Yep. Yeah, post round. Yeah, yeah, post round. There was a, there was a clip, speaking of Clipse that went viral a, a month or so ago of Jason Tatum saying that you tried to fight him in kind of a joking way. Is that true? And do you think you could take Jason Tatum in a fight?


I, I, I don't ever like to, I, I'm not the fighting kind of guy. I always try to instigate other people into doing it first. And so no, I've never tried to fight him, but I tried to instigate, I try to instigate people all the time if I could just get a reaction out of them. He does a really good job of not responding most of the time. Yeah. But I did everything in my power to, you know, instigate, you know, just a little bit, a little bit of nastiness, you know, after one of the games. Yeah. What was the setup? It was, he had a certain amount of technicals and you wanted him to get another one? No, I wanted him to, I wanted him to like, I forgot where it was. I think we were in Portland and I was like, instead of getting another technical, why don't me and you just like break out into a fight, like on the court during the game and you just take your, instead of taking out on the ref and getting a text, just take it out on me and see where it goes.


That would've been all time. It would've been a great clip to have everyone watch in real time. Then afterwards Jason Tatum gets to the, to the like, press conference. He's like, yeah, he asked me to fight him. Like that's what he wanted. Yeah. I mean, how great would it be, like if instead of like going, you know, instead of getting at a ref, you only got two, a guy just like beelines to the, to your own bench and now you're just like, Yeah. Got, Who knows what could happen? Do you I I did pitch my idea to Adam Silver about every, every player should get a fight, a fan one, one fight with a fan every single year. Do you want me to extend that to coaches as well? I think so. Okay. You, you could, you only get one though, so you can't, like you can't go out and burn it in in like October.


No, you can't. But do you get rollover like from season to season and then you just use it? No. You can't take 'em with them. You can't take it with you. Yeah. Yeah. If you, if you, if you don't use it, you lose it. So I gotta call timeouts and use my, use it or lose it. Yes, yes. Yeah, exactly. That would, that Would make the end of, yeah. That would make March games way more exciting for all the players and, and coaches that hadn't burned their fight yet. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. So I know that that part of your job is, or a big part of your job is trying to like, just establish the culture in Boston and or keep the culture going from what it has been in the past. Yeah. And I saw that you said that basketball is like 10th on the list of the most important things that you do as a head coach. What comes before basketball?


I think like the, the relationships with the guys. The relationships with like the entire organization. Like I, I said this a couple times, like when we walk into the building every day, I'm like the fifth or sixth person that the player sees. And so if we don't have like ultimate alignment as an organization and the, you know, the security guard or the guy at the front that opens up the door or the kitchen staff, you know, or the janitors or like if they're, if we're not all on the same page and you know, they see the players before I do and you know, for whatever reason their interaction doesn't impact winning, then that could change the way, you know, once the guy steps on the court, that could change the way he prepares, you know, for a practice or for a game.


And so I think the biggest thing is one, you know, you know, building relationships with the guys but then building a relationship with all the touch points of the organization. 'cause there's so many things behind the scenes that people don't see. Like I said, by the time if practice starts at 11, there's like 10 interactions between the players and other employees of the organization before we even step foot on practice. So I think those things are the most important. Yeah. Would you, what do you like to see from the kitchen staff in terms of increasing competitiveness? You know, some anger, like you can't just be back there like just, you know, whipping up stuff with a smile on your face all the time. You know, like sometimes we gotta lock in. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Some aggression when it comes to beating those eggs up. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. Yeah.


Is Jalen Brown your Food. Is your food your filthy animal? Yeah. Yeah. Is Jalen Brown gonna be healthy, ready to go? He's always healthy, mentally, physically, emotionally. I mean, I think that guy, like people don't really understand, you know, the, the, like, the warrior mentality that that guy has. Like, they really don't. And his ability to, you know, navigate himself and regulate himself and like put himself through certain things. Like there's not a guy that trains his, his mind and body the, the same. Okay. And, you know, who knows himself better, like, you know, from that standpoint. And, and he's talked about that a little bit. So, you know, he'll be gearing up and, and you know, he has the ability to take it to another level just like at any second.


Okay. So he's gonna be healthy for the playoffs. Yeah. When he's rocking like the fingerless gloves and the leather jacket. Are you like, yes, this is awesome. This guy's, this motherfucker is locked in. The first time I saw those were in Miami and I was like, what? I was like, bro, are we doing something like what we got going on? And I thought he was using something on a fan or, but to me it's like, it's more about like just the, the self-expression of the guys. I love seeing all the different types of personalities, you know, that our team has to offer him. And you know, you got, you got dads, you got fathers of five three, you got guys that are single. You got just so many different personalities. And I, I, I appreciate that Jaylen's, you know, comfort and security and who he is and his ability to express that like all the time.


You, you know, I learned a lot from that. I, I saw a really cool moment. You, you, is this story correct that you basically told Al Horford he has to go to the national championship game? Yeah. Because I feel like a lot of coaches wouldn't do that. They would, they'd let their player go, but to tell him like, no, you have to go. Is that how it went down? Did he say that? I, I, I saw a story about it that basically you're like, you gotta go. No. Yeah. I was like, dude, you can't miss this. Like, you have to go, you know, like to me that stuff is really important to Al. If you could, if you ever, like, I'm sure you guys have, I don't know if you've seen it, but every time he starts, after he goes through the line, he does the gator chop. Right. And so, like you just know that that that part of his life, you know, that that school, that organization is that important to him and the pride he takes in it that, you know, 17 years later he's still doing that and, and you know, he's big on, on on family and, and you know, experiences that are close to him.


And for him to bring his son to that and, and have his son kind of be around what his dad has done, you know, throughout his journey, you just can't miss opportunities like that. Like, you'll regret that, you know, instantly. Yeah. Speaking of college basketball, did West Virginia give you a call? Just a call? No, they did, but not to, not to coach the team. Okay. I had to, what, what was the call they Have to make you say no, They call they, they should have called in January, you know? Yeah, Yeah. But there was no call. Like I, I imagine there was like a moment where you were just sitting with Brad Stevens and both being like, should we do it? Like, should I go coach Indiana? Should I go coach West Virginia? Like, let's just fucking do it. Not a second. Okay. Okay. Never, never, never came up.


I wouldn't even think of that. What Did they call about then? A couple of people that I knew they were talking about that I had worked with, you know, that were up for the job. Got It. Got it. It would've been nice if They just asked though. Yeah. I I like that they didn't 'cause then that, that they just know I, I can't go back. Yeah. Yeah. Well Also maybe, yeah, they were trying to motivate. They're like, if we don't call him then he's gonna take that personal and he's gonna think I'm not even good enough to coach at West Virginia right now. Yeah. I mean, are we really good enough to do anything? You know, That's such A deep question. I don't know. I don't, No. You know what I mean? Like, are we really good enough to do anything? No, No. The answer is no. Probably not. Yeah. So we have to fight every day to, to prove that we can. Yeah. Yes. Hank, you got any questions for Coach?


Yeah, What's up coach? Your best friend Hank, With the two seed kind of being locked up for the last month or so of the season, one of the things they kept, you know, talking about on the broadcast was the Celtics single season three point record and there was three guys going for it. Was that something you talked about with them? Is that something they knew about? Were kind of like battling for, was it kind of just an unspoken whatever happens, happens thing Who ended up getting It? Derrick White. Did he? I didn't really hear about it until I think what the Memphis game is when Derrick got it. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I heard about it at the Memphis game and then, you know, we kind of joked about it and then I, you know, I didn't really mention it after that. Yeah. Is, is Hank invited back on the duck boat?


If you guys went go back to back? He's invited anywhere. Oh, Love that. He actually, Hank knows you very well. I, I, I gotta tell this story. So you were going to stop by in Chicago at our office in, it was like we lost Yeah. December. So the game is on his, it's bulls. 'cause it was one of those weird NBA scheduling quirks where the bulls played the Celtics in Boston and they played, they went and came and played here. And it was the game that you got the technical and then you went and wished the ref happy holidays. Yes. And Hank, we had the game on. There was a football game on and Hank just turns to us, he's like, yeah, coach isn't coming in tomorrow. And we're like, you think so? And, and then like we wake up the next day and the text is right, right there he is like, Hey, we can't come in.


And it's like Hank called it, he knows you well, like after a loss like that and a technical foul, you're like, I gotta, I got work to do. I gotta lock in. I got or lay low, you know, that was a, I had to lay low for a few weeks on the after that one. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He knows you well. Good Call Hank. Yeah. Yep. Have have you seen that ref since then? And did you go up and say, Hey, you, you didn't gimme a card back? Like, what's going on? He, We had him yesterday. We, we were cordial. We were good. Okay. We had a yesterday. Yeah. Yeah. Did you have a good holiday? Did you, because you were obviously Yeah. You were so interested in his holidays. Did you follow up? Yeah, It was less about him and more about, you know, the, the environment and you know, I think sometimes, you know, like we talk about like the momentum and, and shifting things and you know, that was really just kind of, that had nothing to do with him as much as it did.


Like I felt like that was necessary to control the arena, you know, whether it was for that, that particular moment or two weeks down the line. So that, that was like, that was just kind of a little calculated thing. Yeah. I also love the, you know, the brotherhoodhood you're forming with the other coaches of, of Boston teams with Vrabel coming in now. Like how, why do you think that's so important that all four sports and head coaches are are in sync? Yeah, I think I, I needed to, I haven't reached out to the revolution coach yet. I gotta be better at that. Not a Real sport. Come on. Yeah, it is. Okay. You know, I just think like we all carry the, it's a little bit of everything, right? We carry the responsibility, the ownership, the, the expectation to deliver for, you know, for this city.


And so I think you can do a bunch of things. You can figure out how, you know, guys that are doing it a little bit different and you can't simulate, you know, the guy next to you having the, he's gotta win a championship. He's gotta, you know, win this. And, and getting into the mindset and some of the tactics and, you know, the things that different coaches do, to me that's just super important that you gotta stick together and you gotta, you know, you gotta use each other to get through that. Yeah. What, What have you learned from talking to a football coach that translates to basketball? I really like the, the practice plans. So I love how they, how they build their practice plans and, and the efficiency with which they get from like drill to drill in a practice. And, you know, so sometimes, we'll, you know, I'll use those practice templates, you know, because even it's three phases to a football game.


There's kind of three phases to a basketball game, right? Like there's offense to defense, defense to offense, dead ball situations after free throw. So there's so many different, it's not just you're on offense and you're on defense, which I think a lot of people look at the game that way. So, you know, just looking at the different ways that they, they build practice plans, the way they build a language, like how they build their playbook and then really fascinated by the pre-snap motion. I think you've seen a lot of teams run these like NFL routes at the end of games. And so trying to really be creative about these pre-snap motions and turn those into like, end of game plays. But you see a lot of coaches doing now. Yeah. What about soccer? 'cause I know that PEPs your guy. Yeah. So what, what have you translated from soccer into basketball?


Cutting a place. You know, the way you cut can open up a two on one, you know, for the guy next to you or the guy, you know, two passes away where you kinda attack from, you know, not just attacking from, you know, certain spots you could attack from different spots, but even more than, sorry, like the passion that he coaches with and, and you know, the, the, what the players say about him. You know, those things are just as important as the tactical stuff. But, you know, a lot of the, a lot of the cutting, a lot of the two-on-one reads a lot of like to move the defense. That stuff comes from soccer. That's my favorite sport to watch. Yeah. Oh shit. Yeah. That, so that comment when I said not a real sport, that was, oh, it's great. That was awkward.


I got a question. So your, your former assistant Charles Lee who coaches the Hornets, you just, you just coached against him on Sunday. You, you famously told him like, Hey, we're not friends now that you're, you know, when we're, when we're coaching, did you, were you friendly with him on Sunday at all? Have you changed your, your tone on that? Like, like, I'm not gonna wave you high five, I'm not gonna talk to you. W we're we're competitors and we're going against each other. So we did, I I, I did bend the rule a little bit because like you said, it was, it was game 81 and 82 E everything was kind of set in stone a little bit. So there was, you know, I kind of got outta the competitive arena a little bit. Went to dinner the night before. Oh, the first the game, you know, there was really nothing at stake with the exception of, you know, going against him.


But, you know, he's been really good. Like he, he, he taught me how to be more positive, you know, and how to be more, you know, like some people just have a gift of like positive energy. Yeah. Hank Yeah, I don't have that. Yeah. Yeah, I don't have that. Wait, wait, wait. So were you mad at him at all though? Because he did come out and say that he thought this year's Celtics team was better than last year's. That's, he said that that's poison. Yeah, that's rat poison. You can't let him say that. Yeah, I didn't know he said that. He Said they were good last year and I feel like they got even better. I think the bench has gotten deeper seeing what Peyton Pritchard's been able to do this year. He add so much to the team. Sam Hauser, Luke Cornett, those guys really contributed a lot.


So yeah, he thinks you guys are better this year. You can't let him say that. What if one of your players reads that? So we, we got practice tomorrow, so I'll make sure we, we we take care of that. Yeah. So like the whole start of practice is like, Charles Lee's actually an idiot. Just so you guys know, You guys suck compared to last year. Last year seemed was so I liked you guys so much better a year Ago. Yeah. Yeah. You should simulate it on like NBA 2K and be like, I did it last night. Night. Yeah. That'll be the, we'll have that clip in the, in the Outback Center first thing tomorrow morning. I love, I love it. Do You have a a a Trying to do, Yeah. You have a message for your team going to the first round of the playoffs. Have you decided what it's gonna be yet Working on that today?


I think the biggest thing is it's not even really for our team, right? Because we're always bouncing back between short term, long term. How's this help us now? Like the, the, the season gives you so many situations to be like, Hey, you know, this five game stretch, we're gonna simulate first round of the playoffs, this 10 game stretch we're gonna simulate. So it's not even that. It's really just like the, you just have to go in with a, with an open mind as far as like, there's just no one way to go about achieving your goal. Like if you study, everybody focuses on the team after they win. But if you study the rounds leading up to, you know, a successful team, there's no curriculum of like, you have to go five this one, you have to go six this one, you can't go seven here, you can't lose game one, you can't lose game two.


And there's just, there's no rhyme or reason to how teams go about winning. And so like, we just, there just can't have any expectations. Like for whatever it takes however long it takes. Like if it takes, you know, three overtime games, six straight times, then that's what it takes. And I think being open-minded to knowing that it'll be one of the hardest things that we ever, you know, go through together, will make it, you know, will make it the journey more fun. Yeah. So wait, you said that you simulate playoff series during the regular season over the course of like random five game, seven game, 10 game stretches. How did you guys do in the playoffs this year? Yeah, We were pretty good. We were six and oh we used that, that road trip, that six game road trip as like a playoff series. Okay. I like that. Wow. That's kind of got our minds off of like being on the road for 13 days and, and like every team we were playing, you know, they were better than us at one thing And we like really fought to like take that one thing away and that was a good, that was a good trip for us.


And you know, I thought that gave us, I thought that brought us closer together as a team. Yeah. Are you going to watch the playing games and are you, is there a preference? Hank has already said he would rather have the hawks. Yeah, I mean I'll watch it and then as soon as it's over that's when we'll like, you know, tomorrow's a big day, you know, one, one of the biggest days in, in our, in our history with practice, which, you know, I think is the best, you know, tomorrow night I'm being serious. The guy make fun of me all the time. 'cause like, it'll be like a game today and, and we'll have like a practice scheduled on the calendar. I'm like, fellas, like today's good. But like Tuesday's the big day, right? Biggest day in our history. Have you ever had a practice where you're like, this practice doesn't really make a difference?


I I don't really care. Probably like a couple times. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You got it. Every now and then, so we, so I knew, I knew we were gonna have a, I knew we were gonna have a tough stretch this season because, you know, Sam Cassel is, is, you know, one of is our top assistant and I rely on him 'cause he's been around the league so much and to this day I still wear him out. But we were in Abu Dhabi And we had gone like two, three days in a row and the travel was bad. And, and I was like, Hey Sam, like, you know, what should we do? Like, I think we should have practice today. And he's like, ah, give him a day off, you know, be nice to him. And I was like, you know, you're gonna fucking, you know, you're gonna set us like this is gonna come back to kill us And You know, we're in the middle of January and like, we're not playing well. And I was like, Sam, this all started when you gave a day when you, you took the day off in Abu in Abu Dhabi.


That's, yeah. I I mean you could, yeah. You gotta make, you gotta make these things up in your head any way you can. So wait, you're not gonna say hawks are magic, right? No, I mean, I think both teams, like I said, every team in the league is better than us at something. Every team in the league presents a huge threat and every team in the league is, is dangerous. And you know, at the end of the day, like you don't get to pick who you play, which is what part of what I like about the playoffs and, and whoever it is, they're gonna, they're gonna have a great game plan and, and they're gonna have things that we're gonna have to really work at to exploit on both ends of the floor. I like that mentality. What are the, what are the Philadelphia 76 ERs better than you at? So at the time, remember they beat us on Christmas day, you know, which was a tough game there. And at the time it was their ability to play in transition in four turnovers.


Like, you know, they did a great job heading into game four or three at Philadelphia. They were like the best turnover forcing team in the league, which allowed them to get out and transition, you know, and then with their ability to play ya at the four, they were able to kind of stretch the defense out. So we had to change our matchups and go to some different coverages. So like every team in the league can bend your, you know, bend your identity and force you to go to different things. And I felt like this season we, you know, we developed a bunch of different identities playing a bunch of teams like that. Yeah. What, what are the Cleveland Cavs good at? Because Hank, if you ask him the nothing he, he doesn't think he thinks it's no problem. Yeah. I mean I think, I think they're, you know, obviously the thing about them is they were really, they were great last year.


Yeah. Yeah. They were like, They won, they were great. Like they, they won 17 outta 18 this year. I think they've stayed healthier longer and they've gotten some depth with that. And you know, Deandre Hunter, I think Mobley has gotten better, you know, I think they're just, they're well coached, you know, they obviously got a great back court and they can play different ways, right? Like they're, they're really versatile defensively and then they could play different ways offensively as well. But they, they've been this good for like two, three years in my opinion. Yeah. Hank Let's, Yeah, we'll put some respect on the Cavs name. Yeah. Are, are you disappointed that some of your fan base is disrespecting the Cavs? Like giving them motivation? I mean, I, I would, I think we're gonna have to, you know, sit Hank down and kind of, you know, give him a stern talking to about how this all goes down.


Well I Don't have to back any of this up. I can just, you know, believe, believe in you and the team and, and then Yeah, it's good to have a confidence guy. He's the confidence guy. Hank also doesn't really respond well to Stern talking too. That's not, that's not his strength. Was he, did he get too drunk on the parade day? I don't think so. Okay. I mean is there ever such a thing for Hank? Yeah, No, he's good. Does he have to shave his head? If you guys win again, We gotta come up with something bigger than that. Yeah. Soul Patch. Soul Patch. Yeah. What do you think about Soul Patch Coach? Figure it out. I think he'll Look good. You wanna do Soul Patch? We'll figure It out more like that. That haircut. Can you grow like the Dallas Texas one where just the back of your the A Mullet? The mullet? No, but it's like just the back is hair and everything else is like really, really short.


Oh, like the, what, who is that? The Rat Tail? No, I think like Morgan Wallen kind of has it. Yeah. Yeah. You'd look good with that Hank. Yeah, You would look good with that. I can do that. Alright coach, I got one last question.


Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs, polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take.


It's always fun having you on. Best of luck in the playoffs. My last question is, is there a new movie that you got that you've been obsessively watching? 'cause obviously we talked to you last year about the town. Do you have a new one in the rotation? So 11 days we got the accountant too coming out. Yeah, that's So perfect that you're good. I mean, how many times if, all right, so let's say you guys go back to back And we have you back on after you win it all at, at that time. So it'd be, what, two months from now? How many times would you have guessed you've seen Accountant two? Oh, I, I mean every off day in between a game. If it's, if it's as good as I think it's gonna be, I'll, I'll watch it every off day in between.


That first one's Unreal, isn't it? Yeah. I, I just saw it for the first time on Friday actually. What have you been doing for the last like 15 years? I've Been watching The Town mostly. It's, it's a good movie though. I, I like it A lot. Accountant too. Ben Afflic just walking around cold as ice, not really showing any emotion, but Deadly Killer. Yeah, it's great. It's a lot of cool guns about Like taxes. Yeah. Saving people's taxes. Yeah. Yeah. It's a, it's a great movie. Alright, that's a great answer. Accountant too. But We gotta we gotta save some time to like go back to Old Faithful and still watch the Town. Like are you, are you worried The two, the three like playoff old faithfuls of the town, the Dark Knight Rises and there's a, there's a, there's a great documentary on Apple TV called Repo.


Yeah. Where have you seen Repo? Yeah, I have not. Yeah, that's intense. I need To, you know, you know what I'm, I'm learning to memorize is the, the the Frog speech from Lone Survivor. Okay. Okay. How far along are we? I I like, I'll watch that scene before games sometimes. Like I love that I, I'm, I'm not where I need to be in memorizing it, but I'm pretty close, you know, I've around the world dead on the boys. Yeah. Been around the world twice. Talked to everybody once seen three f then the four World fair. Yeah. It is a good speech. I know what speech you're talking about. You can cuss too. You can say fuck yeah. Never shoot a large caliber man with a small caliber bullet. Oh, I like that. Yeah, I like that a lot.


So are we using the large calibers in the, the first series or are we saving those? We Keep powder dry. There's 28 potential games. You need 28 large caliber bullets. Yeah, Well except for the Cavs games. Those could be just like peace Years. What's the rest of that one? So it's like, been around the world twice, talked to everybody once, seen three worlds, fuck been to four world fairs. Let's see. And then he is like, I even drive those things. Or when you hit the brakes it goes, Here we go. Been around the world twice. Talked to everyone once. See two, seen two whales. Fuck been to three world fairs. I push more Peter more sweeter, more completer than any Peter pusher around. I'm a hard bodied, hairy, chested, rooting, tootin, shooting, parachuting, demolition, double cap, crimping frog.


Man, there ain't nothing I can't do. No sky too high. No sea too rough. No muff, too tough. I like that. Yeah, I think there, I disagree with that one. I think that there are a couple muffs that are two toughs been a lot of lessons in my Life. They've got a great line about mediocrity is like, you know, Anything in life worth doing is worth overdoing For overdoing. Moderation is for cowards. Moderation for cowards. I like that. I like that. Yeah. Cheers boys. Moderation's For cowards. Oh, you missed the part, you missed the part about never shoot a I learned a few things. Never shoot a large caliber man with a smart caliber bullet. Yeah, I, I did. I think I skipped a couple things here. Let's see. Been a lot of lessons in my life. Never shoot a large caliber man with a small caliber bullet drove all kinds of trucks.


Two buys, four buys, six buys, and those big motherfuckers that bend and go when you step on the brakes, anything in life worth doing is worth overdoing. Moderations for cowards. I'll wind, dine, intertwine and sneak out the back door when refueling is done. So if you're feeling froggy, then you better jump because this Frog Man's been there, done that as going back For more. Cheers, boys. Oh, that's a good speech. That's hard. I mean, I got goosebumps right now. Yeah, you Gotta do it. No Muff too tough. You gotta do that. I like moderation. Moderation is For cowards. For cowards. Yeah. I love that. Well coach, best of luck and always great having you on. I appreciate you guys man.


Joe Ulu is is brought to you by Chevy. The Chevy Silverado is the fullback of trucks. They have packed more capability into the Silverado Trail Boss so that you can pack more fun into your weekend. Have yourself a fryer Saturday and Sunday with a truck that says no to nothing. Tailgates spontaneous camping trips. DIY projects. Bring it on. What about a cross country road trip? Silverado was the perfect ride for last year's grit. Week out west. They helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Lowman Award. The Chevy Silverado Trail boss is built like a fullback. We're talking so much torque, we're talking extra two inch lifts. Silverado brings the grit and pairs it with the latest truck tech inside and out the result. A truck that can do it all show up on Monday with a story to tell. So learn more about the Silverado Trail boss@chevy.com Chevrolet. Together let's drive.


Joe Missoula is also brought to you by part of my cheese steak, part of my cheese steak. I would say it's ooey. I would say it's gooey. I would say it's delicious. Part of my cheese steak is the best game day meal. It's also perfect for late night eats. It's the best play call that you can make. Part of my cheese steak offers a wide variety of cheese steaks loaded fries, popular desserts. They've got the donut dippers and the brownie bites. Those are two of our top selling menu items. The brownie bites. Your meal's not done unless you get the brownie bites. They're so good. Pick your favorite cheese steak made with thin sliced steak, melted provolone, mouthwatering cheese sauce, and and caramelized onions on a toasted hokey roll. Get the popular Big Cat combo. Get your choice of cheese, steak, fries, and a drink. And best of all, at part of my cheese steak, we're gonna give you 20% off your order. Go to part of my cheesesteak.com. Use promo code PMC two zero PMC 20. You get 20% off your order. A little freebie there from the boys at PMT. Get your cheese steak part of my cheese steak.com. Use code PMC 20, get 20% off your order.


Alright, let's wrap up with some guys on chicks. Hank Yeah, do it. Hey, father of three Cat, PDF, Hank and Max. That's mean. My boyfriend has never usually been a sleep talker or snore and is usually very fast asleep all night. However, for the last two weeks he has been very active in his sleep. One time he rolled over and grabbed me and said, she's so cool. I automatically said, what did you say? And he went back to sleep. Is he dreaming about other girls? Do all guys do this or should I be worried about something else here? I asked him about it and he said, how can I remember? It was a dream and I was asleep, but it feels like he's lying to me about that. How do I get to the bottom of this?


And he is, is he thinking about cheating on me? Is he Sleep cheating? Now That's, you've got more evidence there than if a girl wakes up and she gets mad at you because she had a dream that you cheated on her Sleep. Talking is not evidence. Sleep talking is not evidence. I'll die on that hill. Can I make a confession? I what Did you say in your sleep hack? I'll die on that hill. That sleep talking is not evidence. No. And in the dart stream, That was Kurt, Kurt, Kurt, Kurt, buddy Kurt. So much worse. I have a confession. I and I think we all have done this. I'm a mouth tape guy now. Same. I'm not, Are you? I bet a mouth tape guy. I didn't do it for sleep talking. Which I, I actually have like, not, I don't sleep talk as much as I used to.


It's only when I'm super, super, like, you know, four hours of sleep then I get kind of crazy. But I, I think I'm just, I think this is gonna be the year for junk science for me. Like I think I'm gonna do it the year. What, What do You mean the year? Like did I'm gonna go all into junk science. You've been a junk science, but I'm gonna go like all, like I was looking at crystals. I saw there's a, something called the, I think it's lymphatic massage. Yeah, I saw that too. Yeah. Where like makes your jawline look sick. I got the, I got the mouth tape. I'm about to be a cold plunge guy. What else? What Now what was that? Now what now what was that? Hank, what was that?


How many, when, how many cold plungers are you gonna do this year? Well I've, I'm, I am remodeling my basement area. What's the target date? I have a gym and I'm getting a cold plunge in a sauna. Okay. No big deal. Sauna. You could be a sauna guy. Yeah. Sauna's incredible is the best for hangovers. Tell me, let's say, let's say, let's tell me Mr. Dunker six pack, tell me how many cold punches I'm gonna do. I'm asking you, let's see, you guys install July 1st. What If I get addicted 365 days? You're gonna do X Cold plunges? I'm going to try to cold plunge three times a week. Okay. Have you ever done a cold Pl? So that's 150 a year.


We did it for the Doug Stream. Okay. Yep. Do you remember, do you remember Like I'll under Right when I moved to Chicago Really mean I listen And I said I was, I got a cold plunge. I did the same thing. I did it for two weeks. You remember when I moved here and I was like, I'm gonna be a cold plunge guy. And you guys were like, that's a stupid idea. Yeah. But I'm now, I'm in And what I did was I went, I went shopping online and I had it in my cart and it was a cold day outside that day. And I was like, fuck this. I'm not doing a cool plunge in Chicago. You're saying that because it's been nice for the last couple days. So you're like, yeah, I could do it. Well, no, I started When it's like negative five outside, I, I started the planning of the rebuilding like in the middle of winter. So I listen Hank might be right. Yeah. There's a good chance he is. I look At Jerry.


I am getting a cold plunge though. And we will, we will be attempting to cold punch The indoor cold plunge. Makes it doable. The out I I looked. Oh, it's indoor. It's indoor. I looked into getting an outdoor one. Yeah. And that, no, That's Crazy. Then the problem with me is you have to go up steps Yeah. To get there. I have a hot tub outside and I still like, when it's cold I'm like, ah, it's too cold. Yeah. It's like, but it's a hot tub. The first key for me should have been like, if I'm really planning on taking my fitness seriously, but I, I refuse to walk up one flight of steps. Right. To get to the cold plunge. Right. Maybe I just need to get off this Altogether. My cold plunge will be in my basement. So that does You go down there is Yeah. But then I gotta go back up. Listen, Hank could very well be right, but I'm going to be trying.


I believe in you. I've gone in and out of the cold pl phase. I mean I bought one for my, for my house and then I did it probably for like three weeks and then stopped. There's one at my gym that I said I was gonna start like April. I was like, all right, I'm gonna get do cold punch every day. And then someone told me that doing the cold plunge immediately after you out actually is bad for like, So when the fuck am I supposed to do it? Right. So then that was it. After that I was like, all right, I'm probably never cold plunging again because I was like, all right, workout sauna, cold plunge. That's bad. People Say first thing in the morning, you should do it. That I have no idea If that's true. Can I do the sauna after? You should do the it before because you get too hot. Who told you that that was bad? A guy that worked at the gym? I Think you go back and Forth. There's like, I, I used to do it when I was like actually training like every time after I worked out because that was like what you were, you would, you would do like, but like one guy telling you at the gym.


No. Another guy Telling you. Yeah. I'm backing up Hank. I'm backing up Hank but I'm backing up Hank. If, if someone has cold plunged more than five times, they're an expert in my head. But like there's multiple experts. Like there's there's another expert who can tell you that. Who? Your you Joe. Joe Rogan. No, when I went, I worked the, the EXOS guys when we used to do, remember we before the combine, they, they put us through a workout. Cold plunging can potentially interfere with a muscle hypertrophy process. I can't have that. What does That mean? You don't want to give up your hypertrophy? No, The hyper trophy is that's the best trophy. That's Hypertrophy. Maybe there's been new science You think, you Think that has come out. You think Belichick's girlfriend touches the hypertrophy before anybody else Hypertrophy?


Oh man hypertrophy. Sure. Nah, who cares? You shouldn't be able to know that word. But It's just what the information you experience after work workout isn't just a byproduct of muscle damage. It's a crucial signal for muscle repairing growth by blunting. This inflammatory response cold plunging can potentially interfere with the muscle hypertrophy process. Okay. It's been perfect. 'cause my gym has been saying that they're gonna get a cold plunge for the last year and a half and they never do. Yeah. Which is actually great because I'm like, oh sick, I'm gonna use that all the time. But them not having it is great 'cause I never actually have to do it. Listen, we're gonna give it a shot. I'm gonna give it a shot. I'm gonna try to junk science my way to to to health Mouth. Tape is good though. Mouth tape is good. I can't do That tape. You go to sleep at night and you close up, you close up one of your breathing holes.


It feels, I do feel rep more rested with mouth tape. It just forces you to breathe out your nose. You can still breathe outta your mouth too. Yeah, you can, you can like I do it and try not to breathe outta my mouth, but I end up breathing outta my mouth. Yeah, but what if you get like a stuffy nose? Well You can still breathe out. It's like it's breathable tape over your, over your Mouth. And if, if you have like a really stuffy nose, I won't put it on. Same Do they do they market it as like spider prevention? So you won't eat spiders in your sleep. They should you Snort. I also have those things that open up your nostril. So I do both. You're just asking halls What You're just that that influencer guy, Does he, does he do that? I I've never watched any of those videos.


You should remake. I, it was one of those where people were talking about it and I was behind the loop and I never, I never got into it. The Morning routine meatball. Yeah. Alright, so junk science this year. You know what I do to get sleep? Send Me all your junk science I'm in, you know, also I would say for, for, for the actual question, like, Oh yeah, there was a question. No One knows what you're saying in your sleep. No one has any like, people will just sleep talk and they have no recollection of what correct they were dreaming about or what they were saying. So they should not be helping. And yes, sometimes guys like dream about girls, but that doesn't mean that he's Cheating. Yeah. He just wants to fuck 'em. Yeah, probably your friend. Right? You know I do to go to sleep now I, I got the sleep blindfold that has Bluetooth speakers. Oh, I Bought one of those on The ears.


Changed my life. I need to, I need to start using It changed my life. Not always for the better. I sleep more, I, I sleep harder. But then I'll wake up at like three o'clock in the morning and I'll have, 'cause the YouTube algorithm just like keeps feeding you the different recommended video. I'll wake up in the morning, it'll be like four hours of airport traffic at Heathrow. I have help. I have a fix for you there. Yeah. Do you know this changed my life? There is a sleep timer on your iPhone. What if you go to your timer setting, shut up and you put a timer. There's an option at the very bottom to say stop playing. Oh. And it'll and it'll stop playing whatever's on your phone in like 20 minutes. Oh, that's huge. I I do it every single night. I can look The air traffic control at Heathrow. Can I say one last thing that I bought that you guys are gonna laugh at the most?


Probably the most ridiculous. Like, I bought this Hank Pay pay attention. Like I'm gonna be Thank you Max. I'm gonna be a better person. No, I wouldn't and you guys are going to laugh at me and be like, there's 0% chance you'll ever, ever use it. Can you guess it's not the Bible. It's not real junk science. A salad spinner. No, that was mean but no. Well, Hank said the Bible. He did Golf clubs. IB also mean Condoms Also mean I bought a book lamp. What? So that I can read before I go to bed. Do you have a Kindle? That, that just Proves Hank's point about the, that proves Hank's bullet.


Not bad. As I was buying it, I was laughing. I was like, you're a fucking idiot. Wait. Also Hank Hank's saying like, you have a Kindle. Yeah. You don't need a book. I said, do you have a Kindle? You don't need A book lamp for a Kindle. I don't have a Kindle. I don't know How the fuck those fucking things work. No, You can the Kindle scream, but I'm trying, I'm trying to not, you know, look at my phone. I think it's pretty bad. Like the other, it it hit me the other night when I was watching a guy get trampled by an elephant and then close the Twitter app and then just went to sleep and I was like, this isn't good. So I'm gonna try to read. Nice. Yeah. Alright. Memes is just face swapping back here. Oh man. Okay, next one.


Hey, Big Cat Patrick Commenter. Hank Rockwood not going to the White House Max and never going to get the lottery ball. Memes. My boyfriend and I have been dating for a little over a year and have moved in together. Pf t's peeing. I asked to use his laptop. He needs to, it's a medical emergency. While he was at work, which he agreed to while using it, I noticed I had access to all his old text and photos from his phone. Oh God. Oh no. Spent hours. Oh. Scrolling and saw the text He would send girls before we started dating and even old nude photos of other girls. Oh, should I say something to him or is it fair game? Since it was before we were together. And is it normal for him to keep those old photos? You're a bad person. Yeah. Yes. It's fair game. Yeah.


Well, No, he never dated anybody before you. Hold on. I think it's different if it's in the text. It's fair game to break to, to mention it so he can fucking Yeah. So So he can dump it. It's Graham. Yeah. It's, I think it's fair game to have the old photos if they're still in the text message to save them would be a little different. Yeah, But what if you save them in real time? True. Like what? Do you ever go back and delete stuff? This is a crazy move by her because I think if you like, you can't, I don't care who you're talking about. Friend, girlfriend, wife, boyfriend, husband, whatever. How people text Is he? Oh dude. Oh, that's is there is there, is there a stone in there?


No stone. I'll give someone a thousand dollars. Are you not allowed To drink water when you have candy? A thousand dollars a sip. I drink. I drank almost so much water. I almost died last night. Why is that thing orange? Because It's got blood in it. A thousand dollars, six sip memes, the blood. Ugh. I thought about it. But Blood 'em out. Yeah. Blood. You're out. No one's text messages should be out there. No, they're just, the way you text is not the way the world works. Like whenever someone shows a text message, it's like, yeah man, they were talking to their friends or they were sex. Like you just can't do that. There also might be a chance that this was in some weird part of the cloud, maybe from several phones ago.


Like, you ever get surprised by a photo that you had forgotten about because it was like 2007 that somehow made its way to your phone To your cloud this day? Yeah. It's usually just pictures of Stella. I, that's it. That's all I got. All right. Last one. I love golf myself, but I'm wondering what your take is on a husband going on a destination golf trip when his wife is eight and a half months pregnant with their first kid. I'm a bit nervous in case anything happens but also want him to have a good time with the guys before the baby comes. What would y'all do? Thanks. Yeah, sure. That sounds fine. She, she definitely won't hold this against you for the rest of her life. No. This woman seems like the absolute opposite from the last woman.


Yeah. Even even asking that question means like she's not completely out against it. Yeah. Even though she should be completely out Eight and a half months. That's insane. I think it was more of A That's not even a Question on, hold on, hold on. Been planned for over a year on Hold on. First. Babies usually do come around on time. Like that's like the, the second and third babies comes a little earlier. I'm gonna say no how far away Destination. Destination Implies. That's a Problem. Time zones. If he's close enough to be on a flight. Yeah. He probably can't do it. Eight months is usually is about to cut Off. I think this is posed by her.


Yeah. But what if the, what if the trip was planned like 13 months Ago? I mean, I'm also saying this is my third child. I was in West. I've landed in West Virginia when my wife's water broke, I did make It for birth, but that was also work. Like work Is different than that. And I did make it for, for the birth, but that was also very like that, that was so stressful. Max. I disagree. I don't think that she's asking it because she still thinks it might be cool. I think she's asking it so that we say it because she has told him like the, even the part of my take guys would say that this is fucked up. I Think it depends where it is. Why don't you just bring her with you? Yeah. Put her just Have Hyper replaced, put her up at a hospital. Yeah. There are hospitals in, in destinies. Jupiter, Florida. Yeah. Bandon duties. Yeah. You probably, you probably can't go.


Here's what I'll, the real answer. If I missed the birth of any of my children, I would be heartbroken. Like, it's not like olden days where, I mean the olden days, dudes would just fucking sit in the hallway with a cigar being like, all right baby. Ready? Yeah. That was the best dudes would hand out cigars. Yeah. Like I did it guys. Yeah. You, you would be very, very upset if you, that's what you should just say to him. Like you can go, but like, have you thought about what happens if the baby's born? You'd be pretty bummed out. I think personally. But golf. But with the boys, the boys does make it a little trickier.


Alright. Fun show boys. Fun. Show memes. Hello. You're never gonna get it. I would like to. Okay. New machine Friday. Oh. If you get it right now. Yeah. What? You don't like the new machine idea? No sense to me. It's gonna look the, we're gonna get the exact same machines. No, it's fine. It makes perfect sense because then the narrative starts what? Right. What if we get new balls? No, you gotta get new machine. Yeah. Then we got a new machine then none of us have ever gotten it. Yeah, no one didn't. We need to get a new machine when I want it. I'll personally pay for a new machine. Oh, should we Sim sim real quick? Take Iton. Do one more sim real quick. Yeah, Do we'll Do one. Numbers three. Oh.


77. 93 mm. 1 52. Alright. First one up. Oh bulls. Wow. Let's go. Hell yes. That shouldn't be possible. That, that would be crazy. You guys are gonna win a plane. 89 would be crazy. 21. Alright. Do it again. I thought we were just doing one. No, Do it, do do, do it. Best of seven. We can't fest seven. We got so lucky last night. San Antonio. Gimme a break. Yeah. Philly. All right. Utah. Oh, you're not even close. PFT. I'm so bad.


Oh, you're not even close. Brooklyn. Every team Miami. Oh my God. It's every team. P ft. Miami, Phoenix to Houston, Philadelphia. Did you just say yes to I saw the Wizards logo. Yeah I did. Yeah. The Wizards logo's at six. Oh, That's like worst case scenario. How many of this that we we're doing until he gets to Utah? We've done like 10 of 'em. Oh my god. New Orleans. New Orleans. PFT. This is every team. There we go. There we go. It's sorry. We're getting kd. Alright ev. Everyone say your numbers again.


52 3 77, 93, 99, 71. Never gonna get it. Memes Friday. Love you guys.