
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners, You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have an awesome college football preview with our good friend Tom Ferelli, and we also invited Brandon Walker. We, you'll, you'll hear at the beginning we, we told Brandon Walker, he's gonna be the college football expert this year. He did not know that Tom Ferelli was in the studio. It was great. Brandon Walker was great too. So awesome. Deep dive with the two of them. Our two favorite college football experts not named any staples. Yeah, they were very good. Brandon's got a shady track record whenever someone LA labels him as an expert.


Yeah, but he did a good job this Time. It's true. So we also have an interview with our good friend, Joey Chestnut, who has a big competition coming up on Monday. Perfect. Perfect. Come down from the football we're gonna watch all weekend long. We're gonna do the Mount Rushmore of things in every college guy's apartment. It is still anyone's Mount Rushmore between Hank and PFT. And then we'll have Fire Fest.


And we're brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. We had the appetizer last week. Now it's time to feast. College football is back. Don't miss any of the action Jump in at DraftKings Sportsbook. It's a full slated games for week one, including the big matchup in Atlanta. between the preseason number one and number 16 teams. It's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win Go to the DraftKings Sports book app. Select your team and place your first bet. This is gonna be DraftKings biggest college football season to date. Enjoy the ride now all the way through the expanded playoffs. And for all newbies out there getting into college spirit, here's something extra special. New DraftKings customers bet five bucks. Get two 50 in bonus bets instantly. We're also gonna discuss our favorite week one lines during the show. Score big with DraftKings all college football season long. Download the DraftKings Sports Work app now and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get two 50 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go Football guy. Welcome to part of my take. Presented by DraftKings. Score big with DraftKings all college football season long. Download the DraftKings Sports book gap now and use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get two 50 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Friday, August 30th and football is back.


PFT. We're recording this early because p punk this weekend, go buy tickets. Philly, in Washington DC But you finally got your Lindenwood game. We're Lindenwood tonight, man. I'm, I'm heavy on Lindenwood. I have no choice but to bet on that you waited that even though I do like Kansas, but I'm gonna have to bet on Lindenwood. That felt Like the longest week ever. It was A such a den. It was such a long week. And then with reports that like Putin was acting up in Ukraine, I thought maybe World War II would start again and we wouldn't get to the Lindenwood Kansas game. Fortunately, cooler heads prevailed and we made it. Yeah, that is actually a secret phobia of mine. Every single off season. And I refer to our off season as football off season. Yeah, there are other sports, but I love football and every year I'm terrified that the asteroid's gonna happen.


Right, right before kickoff. So we've got, we still have another week until NFL, until it's a fully football season. Knock On wood. Knock on wood. So asteroid, just mind your own business. Putin kindly just fuck off for another week. How many World War I threes have almost happened. A lot. A lot. It feels like in the last two years it's been, it's been Hundreds. Do you think? Right after World War I ended, they were like, why do we keep calling this World War I? Yeah. Why are we, does that mean we're gonna do it again? This is weird. Are we shit, is there a sequel coming? Oh Fuck. We didn't realize that. We have to do a sequel to, Was this a prequel? Yeah, That's true. Hank big news for you. You have a starting quarterback. Yeah. Jacoby. ett. Yep. I actually write like Jacoby Brit a lot. I think he's a good did too.


He's a good quarterback. He'll get you probably eight wins if he starts the entire season. So you're not gonna be eight. Eight. Jacoby. Brit is eight. Eight Jacoby Brit is an eight. A sneaky eight win quarterback. Eight Is a lot for their roster, their Offensive line. I'm just saying Jacoby Brit is a, you're gonna bet the over for the Patriots win total, which is what, five and a half? It's three. And a half's Might be four and a half. Yeah. I'm gonna take the, you know what, I will take the over on that. I actually don't think that they'll win eight games. I'm just saying Jacoby Bassett feels like an eight win quarterback guy under the radar. I wouldn't be surprised if they won 6, 7, 7. Yeah, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna, I'm gonna be stunned. Okay.


Jacobi ett. I, I mean he seems like a, a great dude. We gotta have him on, on the show at some point. I like Jacobi Brit, Hank, are you a little sad though that you don't get to be in Jacobi? And Jacob said just not to correct you has never won eight games Because he is never started a full season. Right? He's gone. He's, well he has started a full season. He went four and 11. Okay. And then he started another season. He won seven games. That's 15 games. Seven and eight. Yeah. So he, I I mean that's, you couldn't get to eight With you never know Four wins. And he went four and seven and then not a full, full season. Four and seven and then seven and eight. So he was close. He could have gotten to eight there. Yeah.


He's also, I think he's the best quarterback sneaker of all time. If. you look at his, his yards per sneak. Hank, so you got that going for you. Let's go. Yeah. Huge. I'll, I'll never forget there, like my first year working on the show, there was a Thursday night football game that Jacoby Brissett started. I think it was, I think it was for the Browns. Browns Where we started the show saying, and Jacoby Brit might be the guy. Yeah. Yeah. I, I was like said he flashes. Yeah. Yeah. I think he's, I wouldn't say he's an eight win quarterback. I think he's a get you a couple wins in, like your starter goes down. Jacob ETT comes in, he can tread water. He's a tread water guy. Yeah. He's a, he's a, he's a, he's a three in four guy.


Guy. Three and four. Three and four is not bad. Three And four is not bad. He's tread water. Yep. Like, hey, this season didn't fully fall apart, but we also didn't really win. I may have gotten over my skis by saying eight wins at the I know what you were saying. I Survive. I wanna take, I wanna take accountability for that. We like it because when you're wrong on this show, it's important to admit that you're wrong. Yeah. I may have been wrong like 30 seconds ago, but I'm right when I say that. He will get you a few more wins if he starts a full slate than you would think that he would get you. I, I think the only thing you did wrong was you should have said he's an eight win vibe guy. Eight win vibe guy. Yeah. Might not get you eight wins, but you'll feel like eight wins is possible. He'll get you eight covers. Yeah, That's true. Yeah. That's true. So congrats Hank, good job on that.


You have a starting quarterback. Yeah. Congratulations. Are, are you feeling like you're gonna be missing out on, on the rookie quarterback excitement that's gonna be permeating this podcast? No. 'cause 'cause if things go south for you guys, it's over. Whereas No, that's not true. Patriots Also aren't a win. Now the commanders aren't either, but you for some reason think they are. No, I don't. You're wrong with what you just said. What? You're wrong. The bears are definitely, you Don't, you don't, you don't know what it's like to have a rookie quarterback. You are definitely, things are definitely not over. If things go wrong in the first year, that's when you go, Hey, year two's gonna be different. Sophomore bump after year two goes bad, you're gonna be like, okay, this might be a problem. But year three, new year fresh start, and then year three goes bad and you're like, maybe though we should extend them.


So really there's a lot of time before it, things go over And you forgot. After year two, you Convince yourself they aren't over. When Year two goes bad, then you get a new offensive coordinator. Right. And then you read all the reports of how they're clicking. It's more quarterback friendly, maybe An older wide receiver. Yeah. You get a veteran presence in there and then you can convince yourself. Yeah. He could turn around year three. He just Needed some targets. Yeah. He has like a, a really good performance in the second half of a couple games where they're losing by 30 points and you're like, you know what? He made a couple really nice throws there. Yeah. So No, no, you're wrong. Things are not over. But I'm not, I I don't, I'm not gonna get FOMO about trick. May not starting our offensive line's bad. I think you, our roster's not great. It's okay. You know, it's, it's a rebuilding year. I think you, let's embrace it for what it is.


Well Put, put a pin in that Hank, I think mid-October. You're gonna be like, let's see what the young guy's got. 'cause that's also part of it. You definitely get to a point where you're like, Hey, can we just Yeah. The young guy to get excited. One in Five. Yeah. You're gonna be like, let's just see what the young guy's got. No. Then you start looking at, start looking at the draft board. Start paying attention to college football. Yeah. Start paying, which is back. I think you're gonna have FOMO though. I think you're gonna see me and Big Cat so emotionally invested in our quarterbacks. And you're gonna want taste of that because you're gonna, it's gonna be sad watching Jacoby Bassett go out there and, and have those covers that you know, he'll, he'll play better than you think he is. But you're gonna get sick of losing. And then you're gonna say, I just want the excitement of seeing what my guy can do.


I Mean, this is loser mentality. I feel like we've talked about it a bunch on this show. But your guys' ultimate goal is achieving one. You know, If, you could have one fifth of the success that the Patriots had in that 20 year run. Yeah. You'd be thrilled. Yeah. Yeah. That'd be, whereas I've felt it, it be a little more than I'm not, I'm not, you can't, it's impossible to expect those results forever. I would love, I'm very happy with the 20 year run we had. If we don't have a good year, I'm not gonna be that upset about it. And that might upset people. I don't care. I would love to be in a position where Patrick Mahomes could just absolutely crush my dreams in the Super Bowl. That's what I want. Like choke me Daddy Rock. I want, I want, I want rock. I want to be You want him to dom you. I want to get, I wanna be the sub for Patrick Mahomes.


It sucks. No, but it's fun. He gets so many fun memories. No, no. I have no fun memories from that. Yeah. No. There were some fun memories. Yeah. Pants. Jalen Herzel. Suck his dick right now. Yeah. The, the play when you beat the 49 ERs when they didn't have a quarterback. That was fun. Yeah. And tried to say that that was a real game. That should count. What do you mean it should count? It shouldn't have counted. They, they should have just replayed the game. Yes. Yeah. Until Brock Purdy's elbow was. Okay. Do you guys wanna do another anonymous poll? Yeah, I'd love to. We we, we should conduct our own anonymous poll at some point. Okay. It's all in, it's the rage right now. So anonymous poll time. These are my favorite. I have some good quotes from this.


This is NFL Agent Dish on best and worst franchise. Yeah. From the Athletic. So they had, which is the best run franchise? Max Eagles were number one with tied with the 49 ERs. Congratulations. Let's Go, let's go. Eagles With 49 ERs. Howie, there was a lot of praise for Howie and everything he does. Which is the most unstable franchise. I think this one won't surprise anyone. Most unstable franchise. Most unstable franchise. The Carolina Panthers. That is correct. A resounding number one with the Carolina Panthers. 'cause David Tepper, he's, if he's got one fan, it's Peter Schrager. Yeah.


That's about it. There's No, he can't buy any of the other owners' houses and bulldoze them to the ground. Yeah. The, the quote actually was, I think the headline for this section should be that for the first time in my career, most NFL organizations are relatively competent. Wow. How about that? Which, that is a direct dance. We would've voted Dan Snyder if he was still There. Yeah. It's actually nice not being on that list really anymore. Yeah. And I actually could see if the, if the Packers were to beat the Panthers multiple times in the playoffs, I could see David Teer buying all the Green Bay Packers owners' homes and leveling them and building his own home there. Yes. He's that kind of guy. But yeah, it's nice to have a new boogeyman. I, I ha I wanna do something else here. Blind pole blind quote. So I'm gonna take out anything that describes what team this is talking about.


You guys tell me the team, you ready for this? There is complete disarray over there. Look at how they've handled blank. Has one player had more power than him? They have been unable to convert him into a team player. The vibe inside the building is terrible Jets. That's correct. Well, I would, the Jets, they're not in disarray. They're out of formation. If, you know anything about Jets, but this is actually accurate describing Aaron Rogers having the most power, he's got the most power in the NFL. So Me memes should, what, how do we find this? We gotta, we gotta find out who this blind Polar was.


Rossini? No, I it was, I think it was GI think it was, oh, maybe it was, let's see who was actually, who voted? Who voted? Who voted? Let's get this name. Let's see. The athletics spoke with 31 representatives of our sixth annual NFL agent survey. So agents, we need to find some agents. It was an anonymous agent. It was an anonymous agent that said the jets are in complete disarray over there. Look at how they've handled. Aaron Rogers has, one player had more power than him. He skipped mini camp. They've been unable to convert him into a team player. The vibe inside the building is terrible. I'm gonna go out on a limb and I think that this anonymous agent might represent Hassan Reddick. Mm. Well it's 31 of 'em.


Okay, well If you. But this Quote quote, oh that guy that quote this Quote. Yeah. If, you can't trust an anonymous agent. Who can you trust? That's True. So memes, we gotta find who this Reini is. Bunch of self. This this Florio is All 31 of em. Yeah. Be better at your job. Paid better Your job. This was a fun one. What average annual value would three times Super Bowl MVP Patrick Mahome receive If. you were a free agent on the open market. 80 mil. So the most common answer was 70 mil. But there were six people who voted for over a hundred million dollars. Holy shit. Crazy. Are can you even build a team? I don't know. I don't, I don't know if that's possible.


I saw that Deshaun Watson just restructured his contract and I think next season and the year after, he's going to get like the, the cap hit is gonna be $74 million. Oh my God. On him. Which I saw what the Browns did. I do not understand the salary cap. No, it's not real. It makes no sense. It can't be real. So they had 'em signed to a guaranteed contract and they said we're gonna restructure convert it to a signing bonus. We just freed up like $70 million. They have the most cap room in the NFL. Right. Now. it doesn't make any sense at all. If, you sign a guy to like a very unfriendly cap deal and then a year and a half later you can be like, actually it's a really good deal for the cap this season. Yeah. It doesn't make any sense. Yeah. And we can cut 'em whenever. And this money's not real.


I do like playing that game though. If there was no salary cap whatsoever, what would he make? 250 million a year. No salary cap. No salary for Patrick Mahomes. He'd still chief should still run an organization where they wanna make money. But like it's, it's the old one. LeBron was in his heyday. Like what would, what what is he actually worth? Like, I don't know, 300 million? Yeah. If the NFL was truly free market capitalism, it might, he might go to the To the Panthers. Yeah. David Teer. They might turn this, this ship around. Yeah, You're right. Okay. We also had, I think there was the team there most or team who had best off season. That was the commanders. Let's go off season. Champs Commanders won that.


They said basically just everything the vibes have changed. They don't have Aaron Rogers. Yep. Yep. All that Stuff. No, Aaron Rogers is a big one. Yeah. Just signed Nick Bori. Nick Bori. We signed that. The wide receiver from from Houston. We unfortunately cut Marvis Bryant. Yeah. Which you found out in the middle of the Jerry O'Connell Interview. I still think we could bring him back. You're get iuk. We're Yeah, we're gonna get iuk. What's hap When's that gonna happen? So Iuk was, he was supposed to practice yesterday. There was a report out of San Francisco. He was gonna practice and then all the reporters just went out onto the practice field and just watch for Brandon IU to come out. And he never did. So things aren't going great with whatever they're negotiating out there.


I don't, I just, Brandon IU has just, he's reached the point where I just want it to be over. Yeah. I, I want to know what's gonna happen with him this year. Yeah. And the back and forth is, it's gone way too long. Yeah. The last thing that I found funny about this poll, 'cause this is again, agents, they asked what they should change. This is, is NFL agents, they should say college players should be allowed to enter the draft as a one and done. That's interesting. Yeah. They want To get more players to be able to represent. They also said add rounds to the draft. That's not necessary. Okay. Well 'cause think about it. If you're an agent, don't you want there to be like seven rounds is okay. You might even want six rounds because If you seventh round pick, you'd almost rather just be able to choose where you want to go.


Yeah. And negotiate your own signing bonus at that point. These Are just funny. Like how could you make a perfect world and they're, here's another one. Any three, any three years or less contracts should be fully guaranteed. I'm fine with that. Yeah, that's good. Shrink the length of rookie contracts so players can get to a second contract quicker. Again, this is, has nothing to do with the agents making money for Running backs for Well They said that the change, the running back to fix the running back thing is to have the one and done. Or college players don't have to say three years, which I agree with. Yeah. Like If you, if you're a really good running back, usually you find out if you're, you're a really good running back within the first two years, why add that extra wear and tear? I agree. Also, I like the idea of being a one and done college just to piss off Dabo Swinney Moore.


Yeah. Yes. He would hate, he might actually, he might commit puku at the 50 yard line with his own cleat. Yes. If that happens. He's like, I'm sacrificing myself at the altar of college football. This one actually, I agree with separate salary bucket for quarterbacks. That makes sense. Yeah. Basically let the quarterbacks get paid something completely separate so it doesn't, again, the cap is, doesn't make sense, but they're so out of control compared to everything else. You do a s separate bucket where it's like, you know, every team has a hundred million dollars or whatever and then the rest of the roster is under a salary cap. I don't mind that. I, I like the idea of having that separate bucket for quarterbacks and also for running backs. Yeah. I think that the Zoom call that they did last year really changed my mind about a lot of things.


That's it. It did Big time. And then, yeah, there was just another one that was raised rosters to 60 players on game day. Okay. Which again, that would be, they'd just be able to represent more NFL players. Yeah. So I, I stand with the anonymous agents. Yes. Doing a poll of anonymous agents is such a funny thing to do. It's very Funny. It's like, Let's figure out which, how these guys want to make more money out of it. Raise The agent fees to 25%. I stand with the agents on that one. Alright. Yes. That was anonymous polls. I love anonymous polls. You're, we should conduct one. Yeah, let's do it. We should conduct one. We'll, we should come up with one maybe mid-season and we can do like about how the season's going and have a all the AWS vote on it and then just release the findings.


Like they're facts. Or we just ask our friends that are in the NFL to vote in the polls. We just ask people in the office. Yeah, we can do that too. We just do anonymous polls around the office. Yeah. There was also a report about Tom Brady Hank's best friend Tom Brady. Oh. So he is trying to purchase a stake in the Raiders, which I, I think that's progressing. I feel like we have a vote about that every couple weeks. He did. So he was wearing a Raider hat at the Morgan Wall concert. Oh, was he? Interesting. So is he already like, officially, officially. I don't know anything other than that. I just assumed that meant that it was happening. So there's a, a rule that the party in place, 'cause he's gonna be doing games. He's gonna be calling games now. Right.


Where as an owner, he's not going to be allowed to do any like pre-production or behind the scenes visits with any of the teams that he's gonna be covering. Right. Because he's gonna get some like secret sauce from them or something. And that's gonna be against the rules. He's Gonna use that. That's pretty much what Troy Eman has been doing for the last 20 years to make sure the Cowboys stay on Top. Yeah. And it's done an incredible job. And so they don't wanna a repeat of that with the Raiders. And Florio is all over this. By the way, Hank, he said, this is the opening paragraph from his article about it. Such a Florio story. Tom Brady's first significant encounter with the Raiders happened in the Tuck rule game. The latest developments. Wow. He's really setting the stage there. Oh, just wait. Oh, just wait. 'cause like he's setting you up right now.


Yeah. Yeah. Tom Brady's first significant encounter with the Raiders happened in the Tuck rule game. The latest developments involving Brady and the Raiders could have him saying a different word that ends with UCK. Whoa. Suck Bach. Is he making a ju is he making a jujitsu joke? Is this the c Is He going pf James with Mark Davis and getting the duck cuck? I think he's talking about Kuck. Oh, Kuck. Yeah. Got it. Facebook Florio doesn't know that word. Zuck. Florio does not know the word Kuck. I don't think he does either. But He's an Italian man. He doesn't get cued. But it, it seems like, it seems like Brady, I don't know. Florio is saying that the league is trying to convince Brady not to have a stake in the Raiders.


Got it. I don't think Roger Gidel would overstep his bounds when it comes to punishing Tom Brady. No, that doesn't seem like him. It'll let the finance bros come running in. Oh Yeah. Right. Yeah. The Bengals bros. The Bengals were the only team that voted against that. They just love being the one team that doesn't That's Mike Brown stuff. Yeah. I actually feel bad for Bengals fans right now because obviously Jamar Chase is, I think, I think he was supposed to be at practice or he is like, oh yeah, he's gonna practice for the rest of the week. Or, or up until week one. And then he showed up in street clothes. I feel bad for Bengals fans because Mike Brown is so, so cheap. And he was like, I have to pay Joe Burrow. And then once he paid Joe Burrow, he is like, no, I'm never doing that again.


It sucks. Yeah. He's just, you have like a Jamar Chase. Joe Burrow should play together forever. Yeah. He's, he's right now house poor. Right. He's like, I spent all my money on Joe Burrow so I'm not spending a dime on Anything else. It's Crazy. I don't understand. I get like, you want to own the team and you have the power and you feel like a big strong guy. But like, dude, If, you can't fucking pay any If. you If you. If you're gonna be cheap, just fucking sell the team and go be rich and fuck off. Yeah. Just Do it. Like, I mean the McCaskey are kind of similar, although I, I'm back on the McCaskey side because they kept swearing outta hard knocks, which was very important. That's good. Yeah. They made sure there was no swearing on the, on hard knocks.


'cause it would, you can't have that. Not not in football. Not in Football. No. Not in the, the NFL. No. Alright. Before we do Mount Rushmore. Oh, I also saw Raven's GM sees increased urgency in Lamar, so that's good. Good. Yeah. He wasn't urgent enough. That was the problem. It was urgency. Yeah. He's talking about urgent care. That's one of my favorite If you, if you're a fan of a team that has been close but hasn't gotten over the hump where the, like sometime in the late August where you get reports being like this, they really feel the pressure to win. That's true. They really wanna win this year. Yeah. There was a, a interview with Caleb Williams. It might've been you guys Waddle and Sylvie that did it.


Okay. But, but they were talking about pressure, like, do you feel any pressure? And he was like, no, I don't, I don't, I never feel pressure. Yeah. I just think about the expectations that I have for myself that I have to go out there and be the best and win. He described pressure. Yeah. But he just doesn't call it pressure. He doesn't call it pressure. It's a good, it's a good move. It's a judo move. It's very smart. Yeah. Yeah. It's like I'm not anxious. I'm just got a lot to do Tomorrow. Yeah. I'm, I just got a lot on my mind. Yeah. And I wanna make sure that everything happens and then I keep going through the worst case scenarios Yeah. Of what could happen. And then I overthink that and then I try to go to sleep, but I can't because I'm thinking about it too much. Yeah. But anxiety is not a word in my dick. It's a chick Thing. Yeah. Yeah. We don't have, we don't get anxious here.


Yeah. We just, we just constantly think about the future and if everything's gonna work out. Yeah. There was a great college football story too. Did you see this about Chuck Martin from I think it was University of Miami at Ohio. Okay. Love and honor. Yep. They were talking about iPads and how iPads are gonna be on the sidelines in college football this year. And he is the only guy that voted against using iPads on the sideline. He said, I don't want iPads. In the old days, he actually had to coach. You had to watch the action, figure out what was going on and then go make adjustments. I can get a 9-year-old kid to watch the play on an iPad and say, that guy was running wide open up the scene. We should cover him. I agree with him. And then he said at the end that you used to have to make in-game adjustments, but now the iPad will make them for you pretty soon.


There will be robots on the sidelines and you won't even have to hire anyone soon. We'll have fake officials, fake players, fake coaches. Yep. So he described ncaa. Yeah. He described the college football Game. Yes. Yes. I agree with him. Yeah. It's nothing worse than, than than having someone watch you. I'm speaking from a lot of experience having someone watch you be like, X was open. Yep. Yep. That's true. Also, kids these days as they get into college, they're used to having screen time to just make 'em shut up at dinner. Right. It's like, oh, are you, are you gonna annoy us for this entire dinner? Just watch this game. Just play this game on your iPad the whole time. So that's gonna make its way into college football where coaches are just gonna get sick of their players complaining about stuff. Be like, here, just watch this iPad of a game and you'll be fine.


And it'll just kind of bring the temperature down on the sidelines. Yeah. If they can just have screen time Credit to me. I don't, I don't have my kids watch at dinner. I just, it's just basically a constant terrorist negotiation with being like, Hey you, you take one bite of this and you're getting an Oreo, That's pretty good. That's it. That's the whole thing. That's Pretty good though. It's just a constant negotiation back and forth. Yeah. But I, I do, I like what Chuck, what's his name? Chuck Martin PardonMyTake. I like what Chuck Martin's saying pretty soon we're just not gonna have coaches and players anymore. He's right. He's right. He's absolutely right. It's a slippery slope once you allow them to look at an iPad on the sideline, guys Are guys are gonna be marrying pigs. Next thing you know people, there's not even gonna be football anymore. We're gonna be living in a simulation Where, where's the line?


Yeah, where's the line? Alright, so speaking of college football, you guys got any picks for people? Let's just do a pick for week one. We're gonna talk our full preview with Brandon Walker and Tom Ferelli in a second. And we go through everything. But what's your favorite game week one, Hank? I'll look to the, the board. I saw the one that jumped out Eastern Michigan plus 2.5. Why did that jump out? Because UMass football should never be favorites against anyone. Okay. Okay. No Offense. Don't they have a really hard schedule this year, UMass? Yeah. Any game that they have Is a hard Yeah, that's true though. Every, every year is a hard Schedule. I I think they're, they're real sickos this year. I wanna say that. They've got like, are they playing it several games against the SEC?


I mean they Probably a lot of buy games Usually always play one against the SEC. Yeah. By the way, go to DraftKings for any of your week one lines. Alright, so Eastern Michigan. Huh? Eastern Michigan plus two and a Half. Okay. PFT. They're playing Georgia November 23rd. Oh no. Yikes. Oh no. And Mississippi State. They're playing Mississippi State, I guess they're technically in Missouri. Missouri. Yeah. They're sickos. They're sickos. What do you like? Pft? I like the University of Richmond. The spiders. Oh, I like the spiders going into Charlottesville. Playing UVA 18 and a half. That's too many points. Too many points. These guys get paid to play football too at Richmond. Although that, that UVA quarterback.


I kinda like him. He's got, he's got Aura. Does he have, he's The guy who he, his helmet popped off last year and he like took a picture like flexing for a first down. Does He have Aura or does he have moxie? Both, I would say, and this is also because of our, our friend and colleague Jake Maek always tweeting this picture. So it's, it could be that he sucks and I have been brain warmed by those close around You talking about someone? Calandria. Oh, calandria. Okay. I like, I, I still like Richmond don't, don't count out the spiders early on the season. Okay. Because they're gonna get, they're gonna get on the bus. They're gonna drive from Richmond to Charlottesville and they're gonna have their coach say to 'em as they get off the bus. Just remember these guys at UVA, nobody there recruited you.


Yeah. And then Richmond's gonna step off and smash 'em. Yeah, I like that. Yeah. Anthony Calandria, he finished the season with, he only won one game last year, but he's got a aura. Okay. Yeah. You have been tricked into like, into supporting UV I'm looking at his numbers right now. It's, it's, they're, he had 13 touchdowns, nine interceptions. He finished the season. I guess he, they, they beat Duke. That was probably why I've been tricked. So they, they won his second to last game last year. I have been tricked. I have been brain warmed. It's going to cost me money. Hoodwink bamboozled. Yes. Let astray, I'm gonna take USC and I've, I've given it out. All the college football shows have done the, this is gonna probably be a disaster 'cause it's a Sunday night standalone game.


Yep. So yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna be like, Hey, remember when I just was like, yeah. U-S-C-U-S-C. Just wait for Sunday night USC Hey memes. How, how are you feeling about your Georgia Bulldogs this year? I'm feeling fantastic. They're gonna beat the absolute fuck outta Clemson. Okay. I like that. I wanna see some memes, Georgia stuff this year because it is, you are kind of, what's the, what's the guy, the Two-Face guy in Batman? Two-Face. Two-Face. Is that his name? Harvey Dent. Harvey Dent. You're Harvey Dent. Yeah. You got the Jets in in Georgia. Yes. You just, you people see and you're like, oh, that's a normal looking guy. And then you turn and your face is completely off because Florian and Rossini have burnt it so many times.


Yeah. My weekends go Saturday. Good. 'cause Georgia wins. Come in, watch the Jets, they lose and then I'm miserable the rest of the week and then it goes Saturday. Win on repeat. Yeah. Yeah. So you only get like 12 hours. Yeah. You have, you have Saturday scaries. Yes. Hundred percent. Like Saturday night you're feeling good, you're having a great time, and you're like, oh fuck, I got Jets tomorrow. I gotta Do this. I gotta go to Jets tomorrow. I just watched a competent team. Now I gotta go back to the Jets. Yeah. There's a, You're, you're basically like a, a child of divorce and you go to the, you go for like one day to dad's house and play all these games and you go to mom's house and there's a lot of rules. You just want to go back. You're like, yeah, but, but Georgia. But Georgia scores points. Yeah.


Can you Score points? Yeah. Well, yeah. GE, Georgia lets me eat Cheetos in bed. Why can't I do that here? Mom Jets. It's The best. Yeah. So it memes, you're not, you usually haven't been as over the top as a Georgia fan. Is that because they're an adopted team or is that because you just, you always have that impending doom of being a Jets fan? I adopted them in junior high when I got a Matthew Stafford jersey sent to me. My uncle lives down there, so they are adopted, but I still root for them equally as all the other teams. Okay. Also being from the northeast, it's like no one really has college teams. Like every, most people from the Northeast have adopted college Teams.


Yeah. Memes is a real, he's a real Georgia fan. I'm gonna, I'm gonna back him up. He watches every game. He knows every player and then he roots with them on the Eagles. Yeah. We have a big Georgia representative at Barstow. It's me, Ryan, Whitney and Trigs. Yeah. All northeast guys. Big, Right? Yeah. Real southerners. Real SEC guys. Hey, Isn't it crazy like the Georgia team memes from two, three years ago, the won the national had three years ago. Like all those players on the defense. Like there's a lot of guys that kind of suck in the pros. Like Who I saw Lewis scene, right? He got cut. Yeah. Which there's no worse having anything say former first rounder.


Yeah. That's a bad thing to have. When it's phrased that way. Former first rounder gets cut, that means that something bad has happened. You wonder what went wrong Isn't, I mean, Dean has, he played a lot. He's just been Hurt and he was like, he's been hurt a lot. He was a third rounder. No, I, yeah. I'm not saying where they were. Yeah. But like If, you look at the Georgia defense that was so dominant three years ago. Jalen Carter. Jalen Carter has been good memes. Am I off on this Georgia roster? Well, Lewis scene just signed with the Jets, so they're gonna revive 'em. I thought he switched to the bills. No, the Jets. The Jets are gonna revive 'em. Mike White's on the bills. Okay, maybe I'm, who was the other, there was a couple guys, this might be very wrong.


We, we'd have to maybe do a deep dive for me. Memes and 2021 defense. What's his name? Lewis. They were, they were supposed to be the best team in the history of college football. Wait, Lou Lewis seemed signed with the bills? No, the jets. Okay. I'm reading right now. Ian Repport. The bills are actually signing former Vikings first round safety Lewis scene to their practice squad. This says jet signing. Many thought seen would land with the Jets. Oh No. Wait, what? Oh no. Wait, Did the Jets turn 'em around by Oh no. By letting the bills sign him. Wait, Did this just Happen? I mean, I'm seeing from three hours Ago. Oh, this is two hours ago. He joins Bills practice Squad this twist former, like he's first round Lewis seen as check to sign with the Bills practice squad.


Oh no. He had initially leaned towards jets, but s to go elsewhere to the a FC East is the vibes. Are the vibes terrible? I think Georgia Fan revoked. Oh no, I Think, I think this is an example of disarray. This is a team that would be a team that is in disarray would do something like that. Wow. Yeah. Oh no memes. I'm sorry that you had to find this out. Fuck right here, right now. That was a perfect rabbit hole. We just went down to get to this point. Oh my God. Sorry for your lost memes. Memes. Did You, did you already order the jersey? Oh man. Yes. You're pretending like this was a make or break player. I mean, we had 10 former first rounders on the defense.


That's cool Stuff. Oh, that would've been sick. Wait, would he have made 11? No, he was 10. Oh, That Would've been awesome. Would've been awesome. Like the Falcons from back in the day. Yeah. The offense. Yeah. That would've been sick. Now I am kind of bummed for you. Sorry, memes. Sorry memes. Heartbreaking. There's A great story that's coming out of, out of Gainesville. Have you seen what's going on with game between the, the Gators and the hurricanes? No. All right. So the University of Florida announced that they were going to do a white out for this game, which I guess they rarely do, but it's like, you know, opening week, let's get all the students wearing white. Let's get all the fans wearing white. Make it a tough environment. Miami then responded by choosing to wear their all white uniforms. Oh Shit.


So they completely took the white from Florida and now they own that whiteout game. Oh shit. Now this is a University of Miami whiteout game. Oh no. Yeah, it's shocking. That Is shocking. So wait, so it's gonna be, so who gets the whites? So Florida is going, their fans are gonna be wearing all white. Okay. But, but the hurricanes are going to be dressed in all white on the field. Got it. So it's gonna look like they're Supporting. Oh, that's gonna be very confusing. Very confusing. I think they completely lost Home Field advantage on this. Oh no. Yeah, they did lose home field advantage. That's, that's significant. Yeah. That feels significant. What are you looking up? Oh, you looking it up? Max Walker.


We're just looking at all the players And how many are like crushing it because that was an insane defense. It's not taking anything away from their college defense. It how good they were. Like Trayvon Walker and Jalen Carter Or were the two, were the two that are like that. You could be like Yeah, way Walker. Because that wasn't Quay Walker. Insane. Insane defense. And I, and I only thought of it because I saw Louis scene was was going to the Jets. He went to the Jets. Right. He went to the Jets initially, but then he changed his mind and went to the bills because He's, yeah. Verbal meme. Aaron Rogers walking out with the flag was Louis s Oh no. Oh no. It's a tough scene. Yeah. Oh no.


Okay, let's do our Mount Rushmore. Let's do our Mount Rushmore before we get to Mount Rushmore. We're brought to you by our friends at Gametime. Gametime football season is here and we can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner. Barstool Sports. Actually PFT. Can you look up the game you might be attending? Yes. You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime Picks feature, they're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime picks filter out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. PFT was looking at maybe going to the Bengals verse Commanders Monday night football game. Monday night football game in Sensei. Looks like the get in price. 111 bucks. I love it. September 23rd. Yep. And you can use the Gametime Picks deal for great seats for that game. 111 bucks. Just pull up your chosen event and turn on GT Picks setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? I'm gonna buy those. Or PF t's Gonna buy those Bengals versus Commanders Monday night football game. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals. New Gametime picks. What time is it? It is Gametime. So thank you to Gametime.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Morgan and Morgan. Listen, we all know 2024 has been wild so far. So let's talk about something important. If, you get injured by a person, place, or thing. You deserve to get paid. Life can be crazy sometimes, and one person's negligence can result in another settlement. If you're in an accident, not calling a lawyer means you could be leaving money on the table. When you're seriously hurt, your injury could be worth millions. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. They have over a hundred offices nationwide and more than 1000 lawyers with over $20 billion recovered for over 500,000 clients. Morgan and Morgan has a proven track record of fighting to get you full and fair compensation. Submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is so easy. Being in the Jets locker room with Aaron Rogers is hard disarray. Submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is easy. Being a Jets Georgia fan is hard. Submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is easy. So if you've ever been injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win For. more information. Go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR the people.com/pmt or pound law pound 5 2 9 from your cell. This is a paid advertisement.


Okay, boys, it all comes down to this. PFT and Hank are separated by three points, which means if Hank can win this Mount Rushmore and PFT somehow comes in last, we will have a tie and figure out what exactly we're going to do to break that tie. We have the Mount Rushmore of things in a college guy's apartment. Correct. What are the standings right now? The Standings. I know I'm up three on Hank. Yeah. You have no chance at coming in second right now, you No, I've been kind of mailing them in because of the standings. Well, I thought as of as of Oh no.


Wednesday's poll. You could have come in third. Oh, I could come in third. Yeah. Yeah. I probably, I, yeah. I don't know. I, as soon as I clinched I was, I I went with Max autopilot. You clinched not last place. Yeah. I mean, yeah. Second and third mean nothing. No, I've also, I've also, well, I don't know where these, when these standings were Second place means nothing max In this competition. No other Competition. Second place means nothing. You Keep bringing up second place. It seems like you're, you're gunning for Big Cat. You brought that up like Three times. Why does that matter? Yeah. Why does it matter? Hank, are you trying to, you trying to stir the pot a little bit? Have you not brought it? Maxie brought it up to you. He's brought up to me. No, he has not brought it up to me. but it does seem like you're tr you're, you care a lot about second place, which means nothing.


Well, I guess I don't in this because like you Asked for the standing, the only thing that matters matters is last. It literally means nothing. It's not like second to last and last place to the punishment. Like in the baseball one. Right? Correct. And even if that was the case, you still wouldn't want second even more. You just wouldn't wanna be second to last. That's all I'm saying. Yeah. The what what the second place, second and third place mean? Absolutely. The minute I clinched. Yep. I was like, great. Pack it up. I'm out. Awesome. Mount Rushmore season did my job. Yep. I I was talking about the baseball one where if you're second to last it's not good. No, we do an NFL picks where If you come in second. Yes. And last. And Last. You lose I, someone messaged me this week a pretty, an idea that I like of next year doing a lottery system.


What do you mean Like lottery? Like, like the NBA lottery. For what? So for doing the punishment So, if you come in last, you get like a ton of lottery balls to get picked to do the punishment. Oh, I do like that. Oh yeah. Yes. I love that. That is a great idea. I think If, You get If, you come in first, you're, you're out. But No, I think first you'd have like one lottery ball. Okay. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. It should be a hundred lottery balls. We could just do it with our lottery ball machine. I, I, I wish I could. Yeah, it's like If, you come in If you come in last, you have 40 lottery balls. Yes. If. you come in third to third, you have 30 lottery balls, then 20, then 10 or whatever it is.


Yeah. I love that. It's a good idea. I love that. I love that Great idea from that person. You and I have just been checked out. Yeah. Yeah, you're right. You have to, you you should, we should incentivize. There shouldn't be a Just playing out the string. Yeah. You guys are doing load management now? Yeah. Basically. Pretty. You're Resting up for The playoffs Pretty much. Okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna try though. In this one Max, we, we gotta try in this one. Yeah. Yeah. We have to. We have to. We have to give it. We don't want it to. Right. Have any issues? All right. So who's going first? Oh, I think it's me. Okay. So things that are in a single guy's apartments, college Guy's. Apartments. College guy's apartments. Excuse me.


I am going to go with liquor Bottle decor. Mm. That's a good one. Yeah. Good pick. Yeah. Any sort of alcohol decor. I just said empty liquor bottles. Yep. Yeah, just it's like this is, you put it around. Yep. Like look how many empty bottles that we have in this house. Yep. Yeah. You ever put like Christmas lights into the liquor bottles and then use those as That's way too bougie for, for Us as decorations, but they're like shitty liquor bottles. Yep. Like Aristocrat vodka. This is my centerpiece. Yep. All right. My first pick, I'm gonna go with a almost empty keg. Okay. Just having a keg in a corner somewhere. Okay. And there's not enough beer in it to drink. It's probably been warm for about two weeks.


But you still have the keg there. 'cause you can take it back, get the deposit, get it refilled at some point, but it's not totally empty yet. Yep. Okay. I'll go with easy. Xbox and PS five and specifically both because that's like a very college guy thing to be like, we got both gaming systems and it's just like, you don't need to, but we have both. We have one Xbox guy, one PS five guy in here. Did you like PS two when you were in college? X's really funny. I actually had Xbox 360. Why don't you go fuck yourself Grumpy. I dealt with the red ring of death. So did I. Oh, so we're not that much different. I was just curious. You said PS five, Obviously you didn't have a PS five In college. I just, well, I mean, what am I? Alright, fine.


I should say was PlayStation two was It was. No, it was Xbox 360. Well, you just said specifically both. No, I think he said Xbox and PlayStation. I, Xbox and PlayStation. We just say Xbox and PlayStation. Oh, got it, got it. Got. I'm saying both. I'm saying like every college depart, like when you get older, you don't have two consoles in your house. Got it. When you're in college, you have two consoles because why the fuck not? Yeah. Yeah. Usually one guy brings, another guy brings other. Now Hank, it's A very college thing to have two of the consoles. I did have a PS three in my apartment in college at one point, but it's because we were broke as shit. And so we all pulled our money together. I waited in line for like three days to get a PlayStation three. And I was like, I'm gonna buy it then I'm gonna flip it right before Christmas.


These things are going for like 10, $15,000. I get it. And then I put it online. Turns out that they're going for 10, $15,000 because they haven't come out yet. Mm. And then once I put mine online and everybody else did, I think I ended up losing 50 bucks. Yeah. After three days of us taking turns waiting in this line. But yeah, p ps two, PS three. Xbox 360 was for, I don't know, five, six years of my life was definitely the most expensive thing. I owned And. it was, I, I remember I look, I watched the video to try to fix the red ring of death with the hairdryer, the whole Thing. Can't do do it. Can't Do it. Can't do it. Okay. I'm gonna go with full-size trash cans. Yes.


I love it. I miss it so much. You should only have to take out the trash like once every month. Two of 'em. I had two of 'em. Or we can burn it Sometimes we would not even, we'd run out of trash bags that got gross. We used to call it. I always, I we used to call it a trash corner. Yeah. Where we would, we would have our trash can there and then it would overflow so it would just fall out the side. So it just, it was just a corner. Piles of trash Piles. Piles of trash. Yeah. And I'll go with a massive bong. Ah, Okay. Add it on the list. Yeah. Could pick the community bong. I was gonna go Bong as Well. That's a very, very good pick. Hank, I'm gonna go with a shittily made beer pong table. Yeah. Somewhere in the middle of the apartment.


Very sticky, gross. Also Probably the kitchen table. Yeah. Could be the kitchen table. but it, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm thinking Yeah. Doubles one. I'm thinking Of this skinny one. You know that everyone, like the, the rage of the skinny one was like, oh, it doesn't take up that much space. And you just had a like, oh yeah, look, we have a, a football field table in the middle of the apartment. It could be made from plywood, like one big plywood that you had Home Depot and then you put it on some chairs. Could be just a door. We took a door off the hinges one time, but it stays up and then it stays up. Yeah. You don't put the Door back. We used the mirrors in freshman year. We, we take the mirror, the, the big sliding what, what word am I looking for? Closet mirrors. Yeah. We used to take those doors off and that was what we do.


It's very nice. Yeah. All right. I'm going to go with a beer bong. A beer bong that you've just got hanging out all the time. Never put it away. Usually stays maybe on the, the TV stand just to the side of the tv. But you're ready for a beer bong at any moment because you never know. Right. You gotta be prepared. You'd rather have a beer bong and not need it, than need a beer bong and not have it. Right. Agreed. Also some kind of like mildew, some kind of mold and you're like, ah, I'll be fine. Yeah. Just run, just pour ever clear down it, run Hot water through it. Yeah. Yeah.


I'm gonna stick with decor. I'm, I I I was, I my mind went to decor when we were doing this, this Mount Rushmore. So I'm, You are, interior design is your Passion. Yes. Yes. So I'm just gonna go with flags. Yeah. Like no matter American flags, Saturdays are for the boys flag. Yep. Your frat flag. Yep. I don't even know if frat flag was the thing I wasn't in a frat, but I feel like that was Flags are good because you could just fill up so much space and be like, oh yeah, we did decoration. There's a flag. The best was the flag on the ceiling in your bedroom to set the mood. Yep. That was good. That set the mood. And Then the girls had the, the little, the tapestry, the Yeah. Weird tapestry things. Yeah.


The, the beds with the posts you're saying? Yep. Yeah. It, it's ridiculous how much more nicely decorated girls' apartments are in college than best. Oh yeah. It's not even closes. Like they're Real people. Yeah. They get the lights. Yep. They get everything. Yeah. They go to Ikea and spend, like, they get The cork boards with shit on it. Yeah. Pictures everywhere. It always smells nice. Yep. They have towels that aren't beach towels in their bathrooms. Yep. And continuing, continuing with decor beer case wallpaper. Yeah. Love that. That was awesome. Yep. Every, everyone would spend like the entire semester being like, yo, can I get your case? Yeah. Can I get your case? I'm trying to make something. I'm trying to make something. I, the one year one, one year I went to college, I, I, I did have the sickest wall.


Yeah. My dad gave me, it was like from an old Taco Bell drive through neon sign. So that was in the middle of the wall. And then it was just beer, beer case wallpaper around it. There's another remind me that You could like, see the sign was, it was literally like the sign they would have like on the freeway, so it was massive. So you could like, see it from the cafeteria, like 500 yards away. That's awesome. People probably thought that there was a Taco Bell in that room. Yeah. Yeah. Good pick. I have some, I have something else. I else if I, I would like to table that discussion. I have something else. If it doesn't get picked, Circle back. Circle back. Okay. So is it me? Yeah. All right. I'm going to go with Bob Marley poster.


Mm Mm Okay. Bob Marley poster. Doesn't matter. If you like Bob Marley or not? I knew a lot of guys that had Bob Marley posters that maybe listened to jamming once or twice. Weren't, weren't really fans, but it was just the vibe. If. you had one. It's like you're not a cop, you're cool. The only reason I kept that one off my list was that was a dorm more than apartment. I feel like when you graduated to apartment, it felt a little different. I think you more, more flags. I think you bring it with you though. More flags. Okay. I, this one, who knows how this would play, but it, I mean, it's just everyone has to the shittiest couch possible. Like you, you, I don't, I don't remem my couches were so bad. I had Broken furniture.


Yeah. Which is kind of the same thing. And also like two extra couches. One of the biggest days of my life was when the, we, we lived next to a halfway house and we got like the best couch ever that they had discarded of because a drunk guy had pissed all over it. And were like, fucking fuck. Yeah. We'll just flip over the cushions. We'll just clean it. Yeah. This is, this is incredible. Yeah. When you guys went to college for four years. I had went to college for one year and then had three to four years of visiting my friends at college. So I slept on all of those couches. Yes. And they were all, and they were all Horrible also. They were all like way too big, but like, in a good way. Like, I felt like every couch we'd get was just so shitty, but it would have like three pieces to it and could sit like 10 people deep and big, but terrible.


I miss those shitty couches. 'cause you just could, you could spill literally, you could just spill directly on it and just be like, who cares? You ever go to like a doctor's office and they've got dorm room furniture in their waiting room? Yeah. That's a sign. You should leave that doctor's Office. Yes. Agreed. All right. My last two, I'm gonna go with expired food. Fuck. I thought for sure I was gonna get that with my last pick. That's a good one. That's a good one. All right. It's a good job. It's a good job. Hank. And then similar to Max's decor, sports jerseys hung on the wall. Yeah. Okay. Because like, it won't even, sometimes it'll be, you know, your favorite team, but sometimes it'll just be like your high school jersey. Yeah. And you just like put a pin. Yeah. You just like a thumbtack just put Yeah. You put two thumbtacks and then it's like, you know, I'd be at people's colleges where it's like, just, you know, the random kids, like hockey high school jerseys.


Yeah. Put a whole wall of them. Okay. This last one, I'm gonna go with something. I, I just, just doing this Mount Rushmore doing this exercise, I realized that like, it's something that I only had in my life for this short period of time. Way too many mismatched shot glasses. Just everywhere. Shot glasses. I don't have shot glasses in my life anymore. I still have a drawer. You do? And I never use the drawer, But just like, you know, there's one from spring break. Yeah. There's one from this bar. And you just, you in college, I think If, you asked me like, Hey, can we do 50 shots? I'd be like, no problem. I got 50 shot glasses. Yeah. Guys, none of 'em match Guys don't keep diaries. Yeah. We just accumulate shot glasses from different places that we've been And then you, it's like, oh yeah.


I remember when I was down in Acapulco. Yeah. You graduate from shot glasses to golf balls. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's literally, that's, that's the, the, that's, that's the image of a guy learning to walk. Yeah. I bought Some shot glasses the other day though. In the Boston airport in the like Celtics championship. Really? Because, 'cause the championship, you real, like, you remember, it's like you only get the one year with all the championship merch. Like you gotta load up. Yeah. But it's just like, I, I, I probably have a couple shot glasses in my house, but I'm talking like, oh, you, you know, you open it up and it's just mismatch mugs and a ton of shot glasses. Yeah. Some of them have the ones that like, have the girl in the swimsuit and then her swimsuit fades away when you put liquor in there. That's a really nice one you could bring out.


Yeah. A co a couple like big ones, big skinny ones that are different colors. Yeah, you're right. It's, it's shot glasses to golf balls for guys. And then women don't really, they just write in a diary. And then as they get older, sometimes they start to collect spoons. Yeah. Like when you go to a different city, bring 'em back. A knives. A fancy spoon. Yeah. Did you guys used to drink boilermakers? Yep. Oh. Shot of vodka dropped into a beer. Disgusting. Pretty good. Oh, So bad. Pretty Good. Okay. Okay. My last pick. Mount Rushmore of things found in college guys' apartments. My fourth pick will be a random dude. Mm. A random dude that's staying over.


Maybe a friend of one of the roommates. Maybe a friend that you met at a party. Seems like he's got cool vibes. He's in town for the weekend, doesn't have a place to crash. You're like, that's fine dude, you can crash on our couch. No problem. Okay. Then you wake up in the tank. Yeah. Then you wake up in the morning. And if it wasn't your guy that you invited over, there's just a random guy there. Yeah. Random dude. I woke up at some random places. Yeah. We went to a SU way back in the day. Oh yeah. I remember. We were just, you know, we went out, we watched the game. You went home. I sat out with these random kids. Woke up in their dorm to like a pool party. I Would, I was like, this Is the still one of the weirdest. This is Greatest college of all. I would like the graphic to say random dude on the couch. You said random dude? No, I'd say no, No, no. But I would like, but then I described it as a Random dude.


Interesting. Because that's a terrible Pick. Yeah. I described it as a random couldn't After. you described it a random, it's a random dude. You picked a random dude. You picked a random, A random dude on the couch. I, I wanna, I wanna know both of your four picks because I have a pick that I think will win it for me. But I want know your four picks. What are my four picks? No, I don't Care about yours. I wanna know your four picks. Oh. Because there's a, we could have a chance because Hank has done a very good job of this draft. Yes. And you may have just lost it with random dude. Random dude on the couch is what I said. I described it as random dude on the couch. Did not. Random dude. And then we, Wait, wait, Wait, wait. The way that that Mount Rushmore season is always gone is you have an opportunity to clarify before the next person makes their pick. What goes on the graphic? Am I wrong?


Memes? You've, Regardless. I don't think it's a good pick. It was, it Was a worse, It was very affirmative. Alright. A random on Couch. It worse. It just says random Dude. Yeah. The way you said a random dude was very definitive. But I, I'm fine with a random dude on the couch. Yeah. Whatever we, whatever PFT wants, we call it all the foreman. Anyway. Kish Kish. I'll abide by memes. What did he say at first? He said, he said a Random dude. A random dude. All right. That's it. Okay. That's gonna be tough. Hank, what are your for? Did I just, oh my God. I was Wait, wait. So when you set said it, wait, is there Chance 50 Can come in second? When You said it, I was like, what the fuck? And then I was, and then when you described it, it made sense. Yeah. But when you said it, I was like, what?


Okay. So I will abide by memes decision. I'm a fair sport. What happens if we do tie Hank? We Have to figure out, There's there's a dual show. Yeah. There's a dual on Monday show. There's a dual on Monday show. There's no way you, you got it. You, you did a good track. What Did you, what did you take in? I had, I think full size trash cans. A massive bong. Expired food, sports jerseys hung on wall. I had an almost Wait. You Didn't say sports jerseys hung on wall. You did. He got that. Oh. Was that gonna be your big pick? No. Okay. I had an almost, almost empty keg. I had a beer bong. I had the Bob Marley poster, and then I had a random dude Also.


Not to hate, I just said I spent three years of my life visiting all my friends at different colleges. I don't think I ever saw a keg in there. You never saw a keg. Kegs were not like a major, major thing. That Was a house thing. But that's fine. Yeah. That's not a bad pick up. I'll defend pf d on, I had a, we had a kegerator, so it wasn't usually empty. I mean, we had a, we made an old fridge and that also became the fridge where we just kept like the expired food. So it was like the fridge in the, the old fridge and freezer. We, it converted to a keeg and then just threw all of our expired food in. They were like, if we get in a pinch, the Kegerator was a good idea. I had that too. I think we inherited it when we moved. Winning. Winning in fourth place is impossible.


That also is a, that I'm a a a a niche pick is, which wouldn't look good on the graphic here. I'll just, we'll do your last pick and then we'll do it. I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say a multiple TV living room. Like that. Yeah, but They're like, like that wasn't, that wasn't my AP pick. Oh. What? No. Yeah. What was your AP pick? No, that's his pick. That's My pick. That's my pick. My honorable, my first honorable mention would be red cups. Ah. I don't think that was as a as You thought You will go into any college apartment. There are red cups every, it could be blue everywhere. Well, What if you're, what if you're Or solo cups.


Yeah. What if you're in the Crips? Okay. What the reds Were better. I feel like the blue ones were always The red ones were, You know, the reds were better. Obviously I the one that just popped in my head, which would be hard to describe, but, 'cause I was thinking about the keeg grader. 'cause we inherited it. It's something large that you inherited from the guys before that they didn't wanna move out. That was always the bong. Yeah. It was always like the biggest bong that like, I can't bring this home to my parents. I Was thinking like, did I make a keeg grader that was like, no, it was just the dudes before us couldn't move it out. We also got their tv That was like an old, one of those TVs that weighs like a thousand pounds. Yeah. The real deep ones. Yeah. We had one relatively flat screen and then one super deep that were com There were different colors too.


One was gray and one was black. And you just set 'em up on the table so you can watch two football games at the same time. Yeah. Alright. What else did we miss? I had, I just had spits Spitters. Oh yeah. I had random workout equipment that's never used. Like maybe a Bumbles. You you have dumbbells. Oh, dumbbells. Yeah. Like dumbbells or like a bench. But We would use a, we every time, like before we went out, every time we would just start doing curls and be like, this is what's gonna get, get us chicks tonight. Yeah. I didn't really know how to word it, but like, like either hockey sticks, baseball bats. I had footballs like just sporting equipment. I had the random hockey bag that smells like shit.


Yep. 'cause that I had that in our apartment. And. it was gross. Empty pizza boxes. Yep. Just on the floor. On the counter. Yep. Neon. Neon beer sign. That doesn't work. Yep. We had that where Neon signs. Yeah. Neon signs. That was, that was like a basement thing of like a house though. Yeah. I had A a smoke smoke detector with no batteries in it because it started to give you the low battery beep. So you just said, okay, I don't have a smoke detector anymore. Broken Speaker George Foreman Grill. Yep. George Foreman was Big George for sure. George. George Foreman Grill. And the big one where they just remember when they just kept on making bigger and bigger. Yeah. And. it was like, wait, you're just now selling me an oven like burner. Yeah. So you're, I should just buy a new oven with a, with a stove top.


I think along those same lines would be one piece of cooking equipment that's way nicer than everything else that you have. So you try to cook everything in that thing. Yeah. So if that's an air fryer, like one of their parents bought them an air fryer now that we're gonna cook everything in the air fryer. Yeah. This is very niche, but like similar to that. A either plastic, a big plastic spoon or spatula that's burnt a little bit. Yeah, because someone fucked that up. Which just like melted A dented frying pan. Yeah. Everybody had the dented frying pan. Let's see. A stack of mail. A stack of mail. That's good. I had posters. Oh, lot shitload of hot sauce. So many different kinds of hot sauce.


Just collect hot sauce. Oh, what I wanted to say, max, what were you say? No, continue. What, before we finish, I want to, I what? I think, I think there's a chance that we get I too, that we get a, I think There's A chance. I don't, I don't know. I like my picks, but a random dude good picks a random dude is gonna be tough. It's gonna, a random Dude is Gonna like that's, that was a, it's, Yeah. Well what I was gonna say was the, 'cause Max, you did the beer poster wall. That is another one where that like to me is more like freshman year and then you graduate to the bottle, co cap coffee table. Yeah. That's the classy version of it. I had That.


Yeah. I, yeah, you go out and you use the coffee table that came with the apartment if it's furnished. But you go out to Home Depot, you get like the plexiglass rectangle cut out and If. you have a, and If you have a roommate whose dad was like a really handy guy. Maybe worked in construction. You had the bottle cap beer pong table, which was Whew. That's crazy. That's a that Yeah. That wasn't made by, that was, that was a summer project with some guy's dad. I had friends that would do it with dip cans, but never actually built it. Yeah. They had the idea of like, yo, I'm gonna get a ton of dip cans and then I'm gonna make a coffee table out of it. But then like, never actually going through with any of it. Dude. Be in a fucking dumb ass. 20-year-old rocked.


Yeah. It was the best. Like all this stuff we're describing. I'm so, I'm like phased out of, but I'm just like, I that rocked. Like we, I was so stupid and, and thought I was the man and I wasn't. But that rocked. Did you guys ever have the big plastic jug that you would either keep the bottle caps in or the, the pop tops from the cans? Yeah. Just the tops. And then you're like, look how many beers I've drank. Yeah. A piss jug also. Or like something In the piss jug. Yeah. Something on the wall that you're trying to snap 'em into. Snap the bottle caps into. Yeah. Oh, that one just misses as a target. Yeah. Oh, speaking of which, I feel like a lot of apartments had a dartboard that just didn't work either. Was like, didn't you lost the darts? We had a nice dart board. Really?


We play Darts a lot. Yeah. Shit like that where it's like, we would just have shit And. it would be cool in theory And. it would just be broken within a day and then it would just sit there. Big miss on our part. A hole in the wall. Yeah. Yeah. Very. That's a Big mess. Big mess. That's Big mess. Big mess. That Could have so many random holes in the wall. And you're like, I'm gonna fix this before I move out. And then you have like three hours on move out day. That's, and you're like, oh shit. Does anybody know how to do drywall? Yeah. I think If. you guys tie It's, it's A duel. We Do a dual on, I think it's a dual and I think it's, I think it's a, I think Max and I come with Mount more than Spring on them. I Oh Yes. How long do we have to get ready? No, No. Right away.


It's instant. Like we do It. No, but that's, that's an I think, Oh, one minute. This Is during the show. Show. I got it. Show. I got it. I got it. I got it. I think it should be me. Max and memes all come up with the Mount Rushmore and it's a three game series dual. So they like, so it's, it's head to head and we'll do a pull at 11 best of of Yeah, best of three. You gotta win two outta three. Oh. Because then we have a little flexibility where someone can't be like, oh, this one was slanted towards me. Yeah. It'll be three randoms. None of this is gonna matter. We, I think there's a good chance Happens. Oh man. I, I, I think, Hey, What are your picks again? Hey. What are your picks Again? I still, I still think you could come in second place, Peter. Yeah, you could. You know, I, I think I just threw a pick.


It was like the end of that Colt's Texans game that decided the, the rest of the history of the NFL. I just threw a big pick at the end of it with random dude dual Hank Random Dude. What, what was your Again? Yeah, I wanna know one more time. You tell me. You tell me what you thought. It's sports jerseys. Sports jerseys expired food. Yeah, that's rocks Expired food Rocks A massive bong. A massive Bong. A Massive bong rocks And full-size trash cans. Wow. Full-size trash cans I don't love. But the other three are, I I'm, I'm very high on. But for the fourth pick, it doesn't, none of this matters. But I appreciate. Yeah. My pick is so bad. You're right. You guys patronizing. You're right. I think Hank's gonna win. I think I might come in last place.


This would be awesome. This would be like one of my favorite things that's happened on this show. Big, big time. Fumble at the goal line. You good? You're Good. Desmond Gucci. Dual. Dual. Dual. Dual dual doul. You guys having to do Mount Rushmores off the dome? Oh, that'd be so good. We should just do a real do with paintball guns. We could do that too. Gotcha. Alright. Gotcha. I watched that clip every like couple months and I just laughed so hard. It's really good. Shout out Jake. He did a great job on the creator's cup. He Did? Yeah. Jake, I, I saw Jerry's tweet. He was dominating the desk. Yeah, he was. Why? He was manspreading with his shoulders. It was. great job Jake. Alright, let's get to our interview.


We got a college football preview with Brandon Walker and Tom Ferelli. And then we have Joey Chestnut. Fuck random dude. It's A tough one.


Before we get into Tom Ferelli and Brandon Walker, they're brought to you by our great friends over at Coors Light. I love Coors. Light Mountains are blue. I actually had a Coors Light last night. I drank a Coors Light, had a little birthday celebration with the Be mountains. Were blue and it's college football week and there's a lot of big rivalry games coming up. You can choose Chill with the world's most refreshing beer during these rivalry games. If you're at the whiteout, you're gonna need to choose chill because you're wearing all white supporting the Miami Hurricanes. Unfortunately, Coors Light Mountain cold refreshment that can chill. Even the most heated rivalries, if you're looking to keep it chill, there's only one beer to choose. That's Coors. Light the mountains on the bottles and cans even turn blue when your beard's cold. So you know when your mountain cold refreshment is ready for you to choose chill. When things heat up, choose chill, then crack open a Coors Light. Coors Light is the one to choose when rivalries heat up. So when you're looking to cool things down and enjoy the game, you can choose Chill and reach for Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart or goPuff by going to coors light.com/take.


And now here's Tom Ferelli, our college football expert and also Brandon Walker. Okay, we now welcome on our college football expert Tom Ferelli. And Brandon Walker as well. Go on, sit down. What are you doing? Sit down on you gonna shake his hand. This is a we A real dick. Get sit down and talking the mic. We're recording. Brandon, get a podcast. It's a podcast. Podcast it podcast. It's a podcast. We're recording. We have our college football expert, Tom Ferelli and Brandon Walker here talking to Mike Brandon, we wanna do a big time college football preview. Brandon, welcome to Pardon My. Take. You've never recorded in this studio Before five years.


Five, five years. I've been waiting to do this. Well, You think we were, Tom's been on the show 10 times. I know. I figured you could use my experience. I can help you out, show you the ropes about how you taught college football on this show. I do. Well talking college, first of all, it's good to meet you. It's good to meet you. You, you and I, you and I have gone back and forth many times. Yeah. On, on Twitter. What, What do you guys go back and forth about? Oh, nothing. We just, we're just getting the, getting the mix a little bit together. Right? Yeah. We just talk ball. Is Brandon a a tom reply guy? No. No. Tom's more of a Brandon reply guy than I am a Tom reply guy. Yeah. But we had the bowl game against each other and that kind of really fueled The rest. Oh yeah. The Illinois State. Illinois. So Brandon, did you think there was gonna be a twist? I that's, that shows how stupid I am.


Not once did I consider Yeah, you kind of love yourself. Maybe I'm an e I'm an egomaniac. 'cause I was like, no. Yeah, it's about goddamn time. It's about time. And not once did I think they're, they're alluring me into something. Yeah. Tom is our number one college football person. That's, But again, he's he's, you've never really given anybody else a chance. I know Andy Stable's got chances. He's Yeah. Yeah. If, you need to know what, what chalupa to get in Oklahoma City. That's your guy. But we're talking ball. I don't think they say Chalupa. Tom talks Ball Stillwater then whatever. I just Wanna make sure you know, this was my idea. They had nothing to do with it. Yeah, that's True. They Asked me to come on again. Like they always Do. I know both these sons of bitches. This was not your idea. Nope. My idea.


I can show you the text. This, This Is Tom. Listen, This Was all you. You got, You got out Flank. I said I want Brandon on with me. Yeah, well, well done Tom. That's, well listen, we, I mean this is, we got our two, the two best college football minds sitting on the couch. Exactly. One. This is gonna be great. I I want to get into it. Let's start with takes. I can't fucking believe. And I, I walked in here and, and and now what's in my mind? Did I go, I wonder who's sitting on that couch? No dumb fuck. Alright, go, go. Sorry. PardonMyTake in my takes number one college football expert. Sorry. Sorry. Oh, sorry, sorry. I guess let's start with, let's start with the playoff and we'll work our way backwards. Do you guys want to do a, a playoff draft in front of us?


Are you a playoff guy? I am. I think this day is a long time coming for college football. Anybody that says college football is worse off for the playoff is lying or just grifting or something. Because more seats at the table is good for everybody. And. it doesn't diminish the regular season. It, excuse me, it doesn't diminish the regular season. Tom's Never done that. It's a mistake. It doesn't diminish it at all. It makes us have way more games that matter in November. I would love the Playoff. But can't you argue that like Florida State losing to Georgia Tech on Saturday is already kind of diminished because a couple years ago that loss completely fucks their season. It makes it even more fun. Whereas now no, the immediate reaction is Herbie getting On Twitter saying it's not because Oh, but you Could still Get in their, every Game means more In the other one.


Their season is absolutely fucked. Now that team, that could be, Well not technically, no, they could still win ac So we're not talking technicalities. That team to play on Saturday is not a playoff team in a 14 format, a four, a 12 team play format. A 30 team format. That's not a playoff team. That's an average football team we saw. I don't know if I'd call it average. I don't think it looked good. That's for sure. Like I don't think Florida State if that wasn't average, what is, We agree that Florida State should not have been the 10th best team in the country As far as the anybody who looked at that team and voted them to be in the playoff or be number 10 should not have a, but the preseason Votes are always bullshit. But When I look at the rest of the a CI don't think Florida state's a team that can't win the a CCC already. If they can't put, if they get bullied and I mean absolutely bullied at point of attack by Georgia Tech.


How many, how many teams have Georgia Tech's offensive line. Clemson's gonna be able to bully him. Clemson cl You're arguing Clemson has a great offensive line. I know I'm saying Clemson as a whole team is a bully team. I think Clemson's defensive line will be able to bully Florida state's offensive line, which also didn't get any push after that first drive. So Dabo ISS not a bully. He is not even taking calls on his radio show. He got bullied by Tyler from Spartanburg. No, no, no. He responded well to that. Why? By shutting him out. By, by by censoring free speech stood Up. He stood up. Dabo Hass got that drip. Which Team am I describing right now? Bad quarterback who's been around for a while. We know who exactly who he is. Yeah. Questionable offensive line. Questionable receivers. Questionable defensively in the Secondary. I think you're attempting to describe Clemson, right? And who? Florida State.


Florida State. Florida State. Yeah. Yeah. Well you really don't know college football. No, I just, I just told him exactly who he was thinking about. But Clemson, here's my thing about Clemson. I know Cade wasn't great last year. I really know he wasn't great dj. We've seen him not be great in multiple spots and, And game against Notre Dame And people still thought, people still thought DJ could do it. Cade, I think second year in the system with Garrett Riley guys can get better from year to year. Especially if they stay in the same system. If, you transfer every year, you're not getting better. But I think Cade is in a spot where he could improve. Do you guys drew LER is the same way by the way in the Big 10. Yeah. Which I disagree on that. Do you think Dabo will ever go to the transfer portal? Yes. You think he'll have to eventually. I Think he's gonna have to. Yeah. I I It's Crazy that he he's not. He just, I They have a single transfer.


No, it's them in the three circle. They Lost a couple. Yeah, they lost a couple. They didn't gain A couple Can't tell me Caleb Downs can't help them. But don't you think he's got an opportunity? Probably could. Yeah, probably could. I don't think he has the opportunity to be the counterculture to the, to to the transfer portal. 'cause if he's getting guys outta high school and actually developing them in the face of everybody else doing the easy Way. But you gotta win first Though. But hold on. Opportunity exists. Do I think he could pull it off? No, But hold on. There's two ways to use the transfer portal. You could do the Lane Kiffin where you just get a new team every year. The Dion Sanders. Yeah. Or like in Ohio State who's like, Hey we got a couple holes. Let's just, let's fill the three or four holes that we have. How could you not want to do that? So that can work. It absolutely can work. It also not work like Florida State did that this year.


But depth is never a problem. Especially with how many games he gotta play now. I Just think with in in the era of college football, everybody's going to the portal. Everybody's going to the cupboard and Dabo is, and he is and I think Dabo has been a full of shit guy his whole career. He is not full of shit about this. He's living exactly what he is saying. And I think it could work. Like he's got a sophomore class that last year took some lumps on that defensive line. Especially I think they're gonna be loaded this Year. So it let's, we'll just start with the a c 'cause we're already talking about it. If it's not Florida State or Clemson, is it Miami? Yeah, Miami. It fucking better be Miami's rosters loaded. Yeah. Is the, is the, is the seat warm for crystal ball? I feel like he's still got Anything less than nine and three. I think the seat's warm. Yeah, I would agree with that. I mean I'm, I'm with him.


I know he has Clemson winning the a ccc. I was just trying to make a point. I have Clemson winning the a CCC too. Oh wow. I do. I do think receiver wise they're gonna be better than they were last year. So This guy's just baiting me. No, That was good podcast. It Was a thought Exercise. Yeah. You can't just all agree on everything now. Now that was big Obviously. Like if Dabo is, if he's able to do this without using the transfer portal, that would be incredible. In this day and age he, he's had resounding success before but this is a new style of college football. This is a new way to, to build a team. And. it seems to me like if he's not willing to go to go to the portal, then he's just gonna lose players over the years. I think Dabo can win the a c without using the portal. 'cause I don't think the A CC is that good. I think it is a three team league and then there are, you know, good teams.


There's the NNC states, there's your Virginia Tech. But those aren't like teams that I'm looking at his title contenders. I think he can win the a c but without using the portal. When he gets to the playoff, I think they're probably gonna get their ass kicked. Yeah, Yeah. They don't have the depth to compete with those other teams. So I think that when you look at what Clemson has been the last few years, there have been obvious holes on that roster. You knew going in they could use help. Like everybody needs help on the offensive line. They don't exist in the portal for the most part. But you knew they needed help at wide receiver. They never went after him. It could have made a huge difference. Last Keon Coleman. Yeah, you could have gone after Keon Coleman. I don't know If you heard could dunk in shorts or in jeans. But like I think that that is the one aspect that really is gonna cut him short. And I think that if they keep failing he will change his approach.


He will realize I need to do something if I want to get to the title game. Yeah. What's up Hank? Oh you just putting Tom's mic closer. Oh my bad. I like that. No, you're good. Good. Producing Hank. Swallow it like Brandon is like this. No, That's how you, that's how you do It. You didn't have a second lunch. I'm just saying like the mike's. The Mike's in my studio. Don't have to be this close. Megan brought me banana pudding. Okay. So you did have your second lunch. Yeah. What about dark horse In the a CCC or or completely. What About, well I was gonna throw you out one and then get your reaction. Go ahead. Virginia Tech Hokies. I don't know if they're dark horse. I think they're getting a lot of love. They bring 18 or 22 starters back. They got kyron drones a good quarterback. I actually don't like them as much as most people. That's why I like Vanderbilt. My plus 13 and a half this weekend. They bring back 18 starters off a team that went six and six.


Like this isn't, they didn't go nine and three. I think they're pretty good. I like NC State a little bit more than than Virginia Tech. You did just mention Kate k Clubnick in the second year under an offensive coordinator can improve. Did you not? I did. I think Kyron Jones in his second year as the starter can improve and I think Kyron Jones between his size, his arm and his mobility, I watched a lot of their tape last year and he took over for Grant Wells who got hurt. He becomes a starter. He transfers for Baylor. He was kind of eh at the start of the season as you'd expect a kid without much experience. Yeah. But as the year went on and they got more familiar with the, what his strengths were and what he could do, that offense started getting pretty damn good towards the end of the season. They've got a couple good running backs, they've got good receivers. The offensive line I thought was okay. Yeah. That is the one of the bigger hindrances I think for that team.


Whether that can take a step forward defensively, they got a couple guys. I don't think they're spectacular but I do think in the a c where as we're talking about Clemson, Florida State Miami, after that there's a whole hell of a lot of wiggle room. I do think tech could take advantage of that. 'cause when you look at what they have with the experience with the quarterback and with a schedule that I think is kind of friendly, all things considered, they could be in the hunt for like an a, CC championship, a game appearance. And there's always wrong for, there's always Beamer ball just kind of like, you know, if they block a hunt, it's Beamer ball. So anything that happened basically between like 95 and oh two, if it happens again, that's just, it just goes back to Balls ball, Beamer ball. Yeah. If they do anything that's like out, you know, outside of regular offense and defense, it's Beamer ball.


If They block a punt, it's game over. Yeah. It's Pretty much what I want. It just goes back to anything you saw like five or 10 years ago. Yeah. Like, like DJ's a good game against Notre Dame. He's always that guy. He was Incredible. Yeah. Ball Virginia Tech will always have a speedy guy that recruit from the track team. Yep. Just stand on the edge for field goals. Yeah. And just run as fast as you Can at the Holder Beamer ball. Yeah. Yeah. I had, I had a thought and I want you guys to, we will jump to the big 12, which is I think gonna be the funnest conference to watch because it just feels like there's, I don't know, six, eight teams that could win it. The Big 10? No, no the Big 12. Yeah. Utah 55 to one. Is that crazy To win the national title? I know they're probably not gonna win the national Title. No, no, that that's crazy.


Okay. But hear me out. Hear me out. I know they're not gonna win the national title. If they win the big 12, they could potentially get the three or four seed and they could be by already, you know, you got your first game. Say they get the four seed and they play the five seed. Maybe it's Notre Dame. Yeah. That's a, that's a coin flip game. And yeah, you're basically betting on camera rising being not injured for the entire year. Which is not a great bet. But I don't know, I, it's more of a, I don't think there were a national title. I think I'd get in a spot where I could maybe hedge. Tell Me what Yeah, If. you wanna get in If, you wanna get in a hedge spot. I mean they are, it'd be a hedge bet. They, they, they have the lowest odd to make the playoff of any big 12 team. So I mean they could get to the playoff and they could put you in a hedge spot. I personally don't like 'em that much.


I don't like 'em as much as most people like 'em this year. Who Do you like in the Big 12 Kansas state? That's, That's, that's what everyone loves. Well who do you like? Kansas State? Okay. Oh No, let, lemme throw this idea at you. I've thrown it out there on Twitter and everything. But Utah's main advantage in the PAC 12 was when they would play USC and UCLA and Arizona State and all those, they had a distinct physicality advantage and they could bully those teams. Now most of the big 12, you probably can do that too, but you ain't doing that to Kansas State. They Don't play 'em in the regular season. And you, and you're not doing that to Oklahoma State who they have to go to Stillwater. I know that's their toughest Game. They're not bullying those teams. And that was their big advantage. It wasn't a talent advantage, it was a toughness advantage. And that's gone now. That's why I like Kansas State to win it more than like Utah. On the Other side of that, like offensively they were still very physical last couple years.


Defensively you could push Utah around a Little. All right. So I won't do it. It's also the camera rising thing makes me know. I love camera rising. But he's, he's been hurt a lot. He's been hurt a lot. Alright, so other teams, 'cause there are a ton of teams in the Big 12. I Had eight that could win it as well. So List them. So Kansas State, Oklahoma State, Utah are the three at the top. I think that's, I think Iowa State's right behind those UCF. I don't have UCF in the group. I got Kansas in the group. But that's entirely based on defense coming a long way. And Jaylen Daniels staying healthy. I think West Virginia snakes in that group disagree. you don't think West Virginia snakes in that group? No. I thinks think the defensive losses are too much. I just think that last year they took advantage of some quarterback injuries and some close games and I think that this year there could be a comeuppance for it.


I think all Offensive dismiss. Kansas, real quick there. No, I just, you Brushed 'em off. I Didn't brush 'em off. I put 'em in the group. But again, Jalen Daniels has never played a full season healthy and if he doesn't they don't have a chance. Yeah. They Don't have a Jason Bean this year behind him. And also I think another thing that's under discussed too is Andy Delnicki, their offensive coordinator has left to take over at Penn State. How does that offense look without him with a new play caller there if Jalen Daniels goes down. 'cause that was one of the things that really impressed me about Koal Nicki was the last couple years with Daniels not being available the way he was able to keep things going at the pace that they were with bean And. it was just really impressive. So I don't know. I think the thing about the big 12 is my hot take about the big 12 is that nobody is coming outta that league with fewer than three losses. Yeah.


I think it's gonna be, so they're gonna be four nine And 3 0 1 bid League. Oh one bid league. Yeah, for sure. Interesting. I think I, in my playoff I had two teams. I had Oklahoma State and Kansas State making it. Like I, it's, it's gonna be Hard to get two in. I see. You Don't even have Utah making it. I Don't have Utah making it. 'cause again, Their schedule's not tough. Schedule's not that tough. I just think their, their advantages they had over pack 12 are gone. And I think I like Kansas State better. I like, I like Oklahoma State better. They Do have like a Gen X quarterback and Alan Bowman, which kind of worries me. He's been around him a Long time. Yeah, he's seven years. He's Brandon Wheaton. Yeah. So I, I think my, my concern about Oklahoma State is it's like it's a Mike Gundy team. So you expect a certain level of competence. I just worry that they're too dependent on Ali Gordon and Ali Gordon got so many touches last year.


Yeah. And you come back and if you're trying to rely on him to that same level, we've seen running backs break down. What happens if Ali Gordon suffers an injury That's a team who sees him can go down and His punishment for the DDU I is a hundred carries. Right. Yeah. Mike said that Beneficial to the team. Yeah. He's gonna give him more work. Yeah. That'll teach him. You know, I want us defend Mike Gundy here. I was drunk driving here today. Yeah. It's that Big idea. I saw your park chop man. Does, does Gundy have the disease or the syndrome that when when he's hyped up and good they never live up to it and when he is not hyped up and good, that's when they sneak out 10 wins. I think there's definitely a correlation There. They never deliver when they're the the favorite. That's Mike Tomlin. Yeah, he's college. Mike Tomlin. Yeah. Okay. There are so many similarities between those two guys.


Yeah. Alright, so let's talk Big 10. I obviously Ohio State is the favorite They have what? That's the best Ohio State team on paper in a long time. Yeah. I think Oregon's gonna be very, very good. Yeah. Well I mean you're talking about number two and number three. I understand. but it but who, who, who else? I know Brandon's high on Penn State. Yeah. He's Drew all Aller apologist Guy had 29 touchdowns and two interceptions. He just couldn't beat Michigan and Ohio State last year. I don't think that's that big of a sin. I with no receivers on his team by the way. I am not a drew er hater by any stretch of the means. But I think part of the reason he didn't throw any interceptions is 'cause he never took any chances. Yeah. And that's kind of like the shadur situation with Colorado where it's like everybody talks about how he didn't turn the ball over.


It's like well he would wait until the guy was wide open before throwing it. I think he needs to get a bit more aggressive. But I do think to your point, part of that was Penn State's receivers last year were so bad that like they really weren't getting any separation. Yeah. And I don't know if they have fixed that as far as personnel wise, but going back to Andy Kalnicki, like when he was at Kansas, it's not like he was working with four and five star players everywhere up and down that roster. True. He was able to scheme guys open and get the plays there. So if he's able to bring what he had at Kansas to Penn State, I do think Penn State is a team that could take kind of that last step that they've been missing. I Well and and now that we, they don't have to take that step. The step came to them. Yeah. Yeah. Like they couldn't get into a 14 playoff but over the last They beat it Every year they would've made six six outta the last nine years they would've made 12 Team player.


But can they win with like that? That's the thing though. 'cause like they've been losing to Michigan. They've been losing to Ohio State. Yeah. So the argument would be, had the playoff existed for the last 10 years, Penn State would've been there six times. How many games would they have won while they were there? Right. So I think that Al Nicky could get them to a spot where they could beat Michigan, beat Ohio State and win a playoff. Fair Enough. They finished what If you look at at their aggregate yank ranking and then divided by the number of years, I think they average out about six games. Yeah. They average out about, they would be the eight and a half seed. If they make the playoffs as a 10 seed. That actually feels like a win for Jim Franklin. Right. It feels better. Yeah. Getting in is a Win if you're in the, if you're in the playoff as opposed to what it's been in the past, which is being number eight in the country. Yeah. Coming on strong at the end of the year you lose a couple very blatant Yeah.


Like nationally televised games that, that rubbed salt in the wound at the end of the season you're like, damn, we were almost really good. Now you can be almost really good and it's actually better than it was before. Yeah. Finishing eighth and a four team table doesn't doesn't work. Finishing 10th at a 12 team table, you've gotta see you. That's a win. Yeah. But what We'll see is, we'll see a change in expectation. Like the talk now with James Franklin, whether you're talking to Penn State fans who don't like him or just, you know, national media consensus can't win the big game. We're gonna see coaches who are now getting to the playoff and we're saying, well it would've helped James Franklin's reputation huge if they'd gotten to the playoff all these years. But once you get there and you don't win anything Yeah. It's gonna quickly turn into we gotta get ourselves a coach who can win a playoff game. Yeah. So it's it's, it's a double edged sword.


I don't think the fire line is is changing too. 'cause now that 12 team playoff If you finish 14th, that hot seat's a lot quicker. It is crazy too, the expectations when you consider the fact that coaching in this college football season, there's only three coaches that have won a national title. Yeah. Which is nuts. Yeah. Well they even hogged them all. Yeah. But it's, but it's Kirby, it's Dabo and it's Mac Brown. That's it. Yeah. So like that. I wonder How that's the expectation. I wonder how many casual fans would be able to name the third. Yeah. Like I, I think everybody would get Kirby and they would get Dabo Dabo. But I think a lot of fans would be like, shit, I don't know who the third person. Right. And so that's the expectation. That's Where of the best gigs in college football I think. Yeah. You the expectations are very low compared to what they were at Texas.


But you're expecting out of everyone something that three guys have. Yeah. Which is nuts. Hard to do. Yeah. Hard To do. I got a question about Ohio State. So I've come around a little bit. I'm not the biggest will Howard guy. I do, I do think he's like a tough gamer. He's a Kansas State quarterback. That's what you know. Sure. He's not gonna light it up throwing it, but he'll make the big plays. Get the big first downs. Is there any concern that Ohio State is built to pound teams running the full, they're almost built like Michigan last year. Yes. They're built exactly like, Just like Michigan last year. But Chip Kelly's the OC. Yeah. So is there any concern that that doesn't fully match up? No, I think it matches up perfectly.


Okay. Because they have the best running back room in the country. Chip Kelly coached at Oregon eight years. They led the Pac 12 and rushing eight times. He coached at UCLA a seven years. They finished first or second seven times they're gonna run, run, run. And what did Michigan ask JJ McCarthy do last year? I'm not saying how good he is, jj, what'd they ask him to do? Not much throw for 150 yards and a key throw here and there. Hand the ball off. And that's what Ohio State's gonna ask Will Howard to do? I think I And make Yeah. 'cause that's the only concern with them is if he, if he gets in a game where he has to throw it deep a bunch. It's not, that's not Will Howard, My concern, like I think there are will Howard questions because we haven't seen him in an offense like Ohio States. But I do think that Ohio State's offense will look a lot different. Like we're saying, it's gonna look more along the lines of Will Howard, which is why they went got him.


'cause Kyle McCord, I think If, you look at McCord versus Will Howard talent-wise, there's really not a huge disparity. It's just Will Howard can run. Right. And for a chip Kelly offense, I think that's important. True. My biggest concern with Ohio State will be the offensive line. I don't know if they have the line to run the ball as effectively as they want. And if Will Howard is not giving you that kind of vertical passing threat, then defenses don't have to respect it, then it beco could become more difficult for them to run. It's just, I think talent wise, you look at the rest of the Big 10, I don't know how often it's gonna end. Yeah. The the the, every time we talk about Ohio State, there has to be a disclaimer that the nitpicking we're doing is just based on winning a national Title. It's not, it's the most talented in the country.


Here's what could go wrong. There's No, there's, yeah. It's, it's can they win a national title? That's the only Question. The offensive line certainly is If, you had to list a concern. It might be on there, but that defense is gonna be the lights out. It's, that's gonna be the best defense. Yeah. In the fact they had Caleb Downs. Crazy. Yeah. Crazy. It's gonna be insane. It will be just as good as Michigan's defense was last year. Yeah. Do You want 15 seconds to talk about Illinois? Tom Illinois is gonna go bowling. They're gonna get to at least six wins. Probably seven. I think they might have one of the best offensive lines in the Big 10. I think they got JC Davis who was a left tackle from New Mexico. You can't find offensive lineman in the portal. Illinois fond one. He'll be an NFL draft pick. I think offensively they will look a lot like the Brett teams. You, you used to from Wisconsin.


15 seconds we're over. No, no, no. We got lots. I'm gonna extend it. I'm gonna, I'm gonna seed my w we'll Wisconsin, We'll give three seconds to Mississippi State so that way we can name all the national titles. They've won so well How many is Illinois? One? Five? No. How many real ones? Five. Okay. Don't pee on my leg and talk. How many conference titles has Mississippi State won? Oh, we had one buddy. Yeah, we had one. Oh, you ever heard of World War ii? We won one in the height of So When everyone was off, you Know all, all the manliest men were playing college. Correct? Yeah. 1941. Look it up Now. Long story short. Illinois offense. Good. Illinois defense, eh, Offense. Good. Neutral psych game. Lost Jim Leonard, Your, your quarterback couldn't go to the playoffs at Starkville High School. Our quarterback, we, we had a backup last year throwing for 500 yards a game, man.


Wow. Whatcha talking about Neutral site game? Illinois, Mississippi State was the spread. Oh. Illinois by 30 Mississippi State by Mississippi State's gonna be really bad this year. We've Only, we've only played once. Right. That's it. I Think that was The only thing. Yeah, only time. And Mississippi State won that one. So that's, we own you forever for the rest of time until we meet In the playoffs. What else? What a sad couple of teams to argue. I know each other. Yeah. Me and Brandon just sitting here like, Oh yeah, well, Oh yeah. Fuck you. Seven wins. Maybe two midgets and a dunk contest over there. We've been to, we've been to four Bowl games the last 10 years. How about you? How many games is Mississippi State gonna win? Five six. Okay. Wait. So back to Big 10 real quick. If it's not Oregon and Ohio State, It would have to be Penn State I think. Could It still be Michigan? Yes. No. Yes. Why not? 100% No.


Why? How? I'll let you go first. You are A Michigan, you must hater. Huh? You just talked about how Michigan last year didn't ask its quarterback to do anything. Yeah. And they still won a national title. And now the one thing I hear home hammered over the head about why Michigan's gonna be bad is, well who's the quarterback? If Alex Orgy, who is a giant man who's very fast, is able to throw the football at any rate we're talking, if he can just be Will Howard, I don't see any reason why Michigan can't be as good as Penn, Ohio State? Because defensively Michigan's still just as good as Ohio State is. They have three first round picks on that defense. They might have two top five picks. And the offensive line, I think is a huge question. No, no. It's bigger than a huge question. But the offensive line last year suffered a whole bunch of injuries and that really did not stop them from mauling people in winning a national title.


Sharon Moore, he has somewhat of a history of being an offensive line coach. I'm not worried about them developing a line. It could be a slow start, but Michigan to me, is one of those teams that in September they might look kind of, yeah, eh, but by the time you get to November, when that stuff starts jelling, they might be a really good team who's gonna be like, you know, the, the momentum dark horse in the playoff Maybe, but Texas, early Oregon, in the middle of Ohio State, late. That's three losses, I Feel. Are you that confident in Texas on the road in Ann? Remember? Not as much, but I, I do favor Texas to beat Michigan there. Listen, I think you really are standing over the offensive line. Like this was the best offensive line in the country last year. And. it is. Address The allegations to sanding Over it way up there. Address the All allegations to sanding over you.


Sand you sand over it. You Sanded over. You sandpapered over that. I have not sanded over yet. You Sandpapered over that very quickly. First of all, Michigan's offensive line is made of sandpaper. So how the fuck can you sand over it? You, You can sandpaper over sandpaper. You Can't. That's like iron. You ever seen iron and they both get grittier? I think you start a fire If. you do that? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. He actually gassed him up. So Michigan's offensive line's on fire. They're gonna dine a fire. Yes. And I don't think they're gonna be as good, but Alex ER's so good. He doesn't need off fire. You got, you got half as good. You're half as good at running back as you were last year. And listen. I know. All right. No, No, no, no. Half as good at running back. I, I, Blake Korum was getting three yards of carry. I should own JJ McCarthy a lot. But you had a guy, they had a lot going on off the field. A lot going on a lot of distractions. Yep. They're gonna have the same damn distractions this year.


They won't. Yeah, They will. No, they definitely won't. You cannot say those are gonna be the same. They Just received the notice of allegations, but they've got some on more text. Nothing's gonna come from 'em though. Having Connor stallions happen in the middle of the season will not even, it won't pale in a ion Season. you don't, you don't have a veteran quarterback to get you through it. You don't have the great, the great offensive line to get you through it. You don't have the veteran coach to get you through it. Even though he, he was not on the sidelines. He was getting him through it. Now you've got a rookie head coach doing it. I just think this Is who beat Ohio State. Not a rookie. He did coach last Year. There's so much, there's so much. He has More wins over Ohio State and Penn State than 80% of the coaches in the Big 10. I'm not saying they're falling off to six, six level, but I think they're going nine and three. Well, Michigan goes nine and three against that schedule. They'll get in the Playoffs. I don't know. We don't know what there's, what's gonna be around them.


They'll get in. We don't know what's around them. We don't know what's around them. They'll get in, They, They go, they go nine and two into Columbus. They get me by 40 points. You think they're getting in? No, but they're not gonna get beat by 40 points By address the allegation that they got half as good at running back. Well, I'm just saying, Are you talking about just based on touchdowns? They Have the, they have the best running back room in the country last year. They bring one back. One's in the NFL. Yeah. But The one that brings back is not as injured as he was. Yeah. Got is Pretty good. He's damn good. He's really good. He's damn good. But I Do you think they can win the big 10? Yes. Do you honestly think they can be? Yes. I, I think Brandon is a known Michigan hater. In fact, when, when Brandon talks about Michigan, there should be a blinking sign on the screen saying Michigan haters thoughts. And then they should all Be, This team is not as On paper, Ohio State and Oregon pretty to him though, so I get it.


It's very mean to him. Yeah. I get it. This team is not as talented as Ohio State and Oregon. On paper. No, on paper. But they don't play the games on paper. Ohio State was more talented than them last year. Yeah. They don't play the games on paper. Got the Shit. I mean, Michigan was pretty damn talented. Brandon. They don't, they don't play the games on paper Now. Say sandpaper. You just talked about Sand. Let's sandpaper over that. Yeah. Alright. I gotta take, I got, wait. Well we didn't talk about Oregon. Oregon. About Oregon. They're really good. Dylan Gabriel's the man, you know. Oh, you don. Oh wait, wait. Time out. Brandon and I were in the car together when he was convinced that Dylan Gabriel was gonna to Mississippi State. You Guys drive to work together? Yeah, all the time. We were, we were. I don't know where we were going, but he was like, it's gonna be announced any second. And as he was saying that Dylan and Gabriel to Oregon.


So he's got a little bit of Dylan and Gabriel Bias. I think he's a, I think he's a good quarterback. I think this his, him as the Heisman favorites a little bit too much. Agreed. That's fine. Yeah. I will say we interviewed what we were in Indianapolis, the cover three podcast. And we interviewed Gabriel. We're a large podcast. He was the smallest one of the five of us on the show at That time. He's a tiny man. Yeah. He's not a big guy. Yeah. It's kind of startling when you see him in person, how small he is. So if he goes down, they have Dante Moore who transferred in from UCLA. He is a high, highly touted kid outta high school. Oh. All he did was throw picks last Year. Yeah. And he, he like wanted to go to Oregon so he could sit. 'cause that was like his goal. He wants to develop and become a better QB if they're forced to go to him, if Gabriel goes down, that could be tough for them.


And I also, they've suffered a couple like low key injuries on the offensive line and camp that are somewhat concerning. But again, it's kind like with Ohio State earlier, it's, you're nitpicking. This is a very talented team that will probably win a lot of games. Okay. What about Washington Belichick's coach to Washington? Yeah. Not very good. They Lost everything. You know, I bought Hank the Washington t-shirt and he didn't even fucking thank me for it. No, that's classic Hank. I know. Fucking they lost everything. And they didn't get Jed Fish didn't get anything. Brought him with him. Listen, nobody is a more experienced watcher of Will Rogers football than I am. I know. I was gonna say, you've lived through this. I have lived through this. And it's just not it, it ain't happened. It's he, he can't throw the ball more than 10 yards down the field. I don't expect he'll start much if he even starts a year.


Maybe he'll start three or four games. But Washington just too much talent has gone and too much, the conference is too hard. They, they're going into like six and six, seven and five. That's what I'm thinking. Yeah. Yeah. I I don't think Washington's gonna be very good this year. I think. I think Hank's getting in on the ground floor so that way you can't call him a bandwagon fan. Yeah, It's smart. I'm high on UUSC. I know that's stupid. No it's not. No it's not. Miller Moss is fantastic and that receiver room is as good as anybody in the country. It's the defense. But It's gonna be a lot better. 'cause Alex Rech doesn't exist there anymore. He's safety's coach at Wisconsin now. I mean, that's the thing that can't fuck that up. Too bad. Their Defense doesn't have to be good. Like Lincoln Riley's it Test to not miss tackles. Yeah. Lincoln Riley's, Oklahoma defenses weren't what you would consider good. Yeah. But they were just good enough. Like I think that if the defense improves and can tackle and just be kind of below average.


I Well hold on, hold on hold. They brought in Lynn for the bowl game. Yeah. And they were better in the bowl game immediately. Lincoln Riley's, Oklahoma defenses were also playing in the Big 12. This team, US C's gonna be playing in the big tent like this. Oh. Oh, that's right. The home of all those great offenses. I I think there's some fine offenses in the Big 10. I love It's Illinois named one. Yeah. I I thought Brandon was doing a bit there. Ohio State, Oregon. Those are not good offenses. We, we You're just pretending those are not good offenses, but you good. They are. They are. But most, But it's not the big 12. They're still, they can get to eight, nine wins. Ohio State is probably gonna run the ball down the throat. Yes. I mean the Big 12, the comparable spot in the Big 12 is, you know, Texas Tech is the same level as like, I don't know. I, no, not even Iowa, Illinois, Indiana.


The Big 12 has better offense. Y Y'all don't think coming into the Big 10 is gonna be a shock for that defense? I think it's gonna be, but It's, no, I think that they might actually be better equipped for it. 'cause they're gonna see more run than they were in the PAC 12 and the PAC 12. They were but They couldn't stop the run Tom. They couldn't stop the run or the pass. Yeah. But U UCLA LA could stop the run. How you say? You only have to worry about one. It becomes easier to do the other. But They got UCLA's defense pointer who was UCLA's defense was very good last Year. But they, well, to back up his point, Deton Lin who was at U UCLA last year, his defensive line was much better. Yeah, that's true. Line. He's inheriting at USC. But I do think like, just coaching wise, 'cause I don't think the problem specifically with USC last year was talent.


Like I don't think they had top tier talent on the defensive side of the ball. I thought that was a poorly coached team who clearly did not work on tackling in practice during the season. Yeah. And it showed on Saturdays. I think there is gonna be very much a philosophical change in how they approach that side of the ball. And that alone I think will lead to some, Again, the bowl game was, you could see it right away being allowed To that job as long as he did was shot Malpractice on Lincoln's part. And they got bigger guys. Andy Staples taught us that It's, it matters. Yeah. I'm not familiar with Mr. Staples. You want Big guys playing defensive line. Fair enough. Yeah. Last name Bear. SECI know you disagree with this Brandon, but I, and this is not a hot take because it's still Alabama, but I think Alabama's, I think Jalen Miller was gonna be awesome and Kale de Bo's offense.


Yeah, I don't, I just think why it took, and I, I'm not, what does Kalen Debore do? I'm not, I'm not comparing Kalen Debore and Tommy Rees. I'm not, what I'm saying is it took Tommy Reese and that offensive staff about a month to figure out how to best utilize Jalen Millrose. You had to work around his deficiencies. You had to work around the fact he can't really throw the ball. Okay. But, and to work around it. And they did. They figured it out. But once they got the playoff and play in Michigan, he was, he was terrible. Again, he just didn't do anything. I mean, they were snap away from That's fine. But it's not like, it certainly wasn't thanks to Jalen Mill the way he played in that. I, I think Jalen Mill is a challenge for offensive coordinators. And I think if they had a better quarterback, I would be a lot higher on Alabama. Okay. I just think Kill Bore is a great coach.


He is. And he, what does he do? He schemes it up, especially deep balls with Jalen Mill Monroe is what he's a lead at. He's no, he what? He's Jalen Mill good at deep balls. Deep ball. He can throw, he can throw deep ball throw. He Can't throw anything ball. He can physically throw it that far. But he Don where it's going. He, I've seen him throw good Deep ball. Agree with you. Don't think he's gonna I No, he's not good. Deep ball. Listen, I, I watched a lot of Alabama games last year. I saw everything that you guys seen. He chucks the ball deep and I had Receivers. I'm not saying he Had receivers capable of running under it. I'm not saying they were not exactly. But He can't throw in the middle of the field. Can't throw If. you highlight If. you were to highlight one throw deep ball thing that he's better at than other things. Deep balls Running, running Well Balls. I'm talking about throwing the ball. It would probably be a deep ball for Sure. Yeah, because If, you throw a deep ball and somebody goes and gets it.


It looks like a good throw. Don't he can't, he can't throw It. Don't put a spy on him. If. you Try If. you try to use Jalen Mill Road to run the Michael Pennix offense. It's gonna fall apart. Well Yeah, Yeah. That's Michael Pennix. It's Gonna fall apart. I want to like, but He can run a lot better than Michael Pennix. Kalen de Bore is a great coach and I think that over the long haul Alabama's gonna be pretty damn good under de bore. As long as they give him a chance and they don't overreact. That's the problem. Yeah. But you aren't gonna see the Washington offense you saw last year at Alabama with Jalen Mill Row because he had Michael Pennix and three NFL receivers. Yeah. Alabama doesn't have that. They've got Jalen Mill who is a chance to be a good college quarterback. But I do not think like, I think the completion percentage on those deep balls last year is really carrying a lot of weight.


More than the actual throw is the 12 touchdowns, one interception on deep Balls. Deep balls. It's hard to throw an interception on the deep ball. Here's he's saying here's Overthrow the deep throw, the middle of the field Throw Jalen Miller firmly falls in that category. And there are a bunch of teams across the country that have this where you talk about their quarterback and you just say, Jalen Mill is Jalen Mill. That's fine. That's what You're looking at this I'm cover three. We call them Jag pluses. Jag Pluses, okay. I like that. Yeah, that's good. Just a guy That's really good. Just a little bit more than just Guy. Do you have something Like that? You Don't even know what it is You just say. Yeah, no, just a guy Jag Plus I use Jag a lot but I can't use Jag Plus. That's copyright. Copyright Bud will sue you. He is a lawyer. No, I know. So you Don't think Alabama's gonna be good? No, no, no. I didn't say that. It Sounds like you said I think Alabama will be, will be solid.


But I think the second they lose to Tennessee and Knoxville the second they lose a game that that fan base isn't expecting to lose, like they can lose the Georgia fine. But if they lose to Tennessee and Knoxville, that fan base is gonna melt down, freak out. And I'm not sure Kalen, Debo will be able to write that ship this year. I think in the SEC there's not enough air to go around to support everybody that thinks they're a contender this year and somebody's going by the wayside. But everyone is still in it. In what sense? The 12 team playoff. The 12 team playoff. But there's eight fan bases in the SEC that think they're going to playoff this year. Yeah. Eight of 'em. Who's the half the SEC? Who's the most delusional Ole Miss Mississippi State? No, I don't. First of all we know exactly what, what we're getting into this year. No, you said five wins and then you said six and you said five. You don't know exactly.


Five, Six and five. The average is five and a half. What? I'm right around it. Okay. Ole Miss I don't think's delusional. 'cause I think that roster's very good. But I, as far as delusional, But Ole Miss is very similar. Where like they kind of like the Penn State, they can't beat the good teams. Yeah. Lane is not one of those games. They can't. But God, and they also, God damn, they went out and got a lot Of help. Yeah, I know they did. But they also, it wasn't like they were blowing out everyone else either last year. No, They, they were in some scary Ones. They didn't really, they had the one good win over LSU who finished nine and three. That was their, they didn't really have end of the game. That was 51 45 could've gone either way. But again, lane saw every deficiency they had and a addressed it with a big time transfer portal. It wasn't like he just went out and got guys for the sake of getting 'em, he got Walter Nolan to plug the defensive line.


He got Princely. So You think this might be the year for Ole Miss? I and Mints already said they're in the college football Playoffs. I don't care. He's cross-eyed. The, here's the thing about Ole Miss, and this is true about Mississippi State too. And I said it earlier about another team, but every time there's high expectations on a team in Mississippi, it never works. It has never worked. We only come, we only do well coming from the back. I hope. I think they're a great team. I think they're a top 10 team. I hope they're not. I hope they fall. But I think they are. I mean I think, I think that playoff is a realistic expectation for Ole Miss. I do think it's gonna be difficult. And I do think one of the more interesting aspects of following the SEC now that Texas and Oklahoma are in the league, is that somebody's gonna have to be losing these games 'cause Correct. Georgia has a gauntlet Of a, there's not enough oxygen to support everybody.


Yeah. Like when you're, when you're already a league have, Have you used that line Before? It's, it's my line for this year. Okay. That's a a congestive heart failure thing. It's very common to, you're When you're already a league that has like five teams that consider themselves legit national title contenders and then you add two more. Yeah. Like somebody's gonna be like the seven and five team that's looking around like, what the Fuck. And there's teams like Ole Miss in Missouri who are not used to being on this level. Who, who believe they're on this level this year of those two. Although Missouri's not. Yeah. I don't think Missouri's gonna, yeah, I think it's gonna be A rough, I think they're an eight and 14. I'll Give you some names and you tell me if they're delusional by thinking that they should be in the playoffs. They're all delusional In the SEC. They're SEC fans. Yeah. Texas a and m. Oh, that's Delusional. Yes. Delusional. That's delusional. Yeah. But I don't know that they truly believe that. I, I I think they want that.


And they might believe it in year two, but not in year one. If they Win week one, they're definitely Oh, for sure. They're all in. Yes. Then they're all in. That changes everything though. Okay. Missouri sounds like delusional. Delusional. No, I understand why they think it, they like the coach. Luther Bird's the best receiver in the country. I understand why they think it, but the loss of the defensive coordinator and, and so many defensive players I under, it's not happening. Also, We're just papering over that. They beat Middle Tennessee by like three and they needed a last second field goal to be Kansas State. Kansas State, Florida. They need a fourth and 18. Think we Did paper over it, Sandpaper Over, sandpaper over it. Sandpapered over Tennessee. I think they're a legit playoff contender. Ive got Nico agree. I've got him as number, my number 60. I think Nico's the best QB in the country. Really? Yeah. I'm not going that far yet.


But I think if he is as good as I think he is, they're, we've seen what their, their team can do when they, or what Hippo can do when they got a great quarterback. Tom, why do you say he's the best quarterback in the country when we've seen him play one game? Because I think that you don't need to see the one game. Like three years ago, I was telling you Caleb Williams was the best quarterback in the country and he wasn't even the starter in Oklahoma. I'm telling you, Nico's the best quarterback in the country. Think I love it. Size wise. Talent wise, ability-wise fit in the offense that he's in, which is an offense that somehow, somehow where Heisman Odds somehow, somehow made Joe Milton into an NFL quarterback seven Five, I think. Did you, did you watch the, the Monday football game though? No, I Can't say that. So Chris Collinsworth was just gushing all over. It was a glaze fest for Joe Mil, which I love because anytime somebody gets their eyes on Joe Milton for the first time, they just fall in love with the guy.


Yeah. So Collinsworth spent about five minutes talking about how Joe Milton told him before the game that if he wanted to feed on the goal line, he could throw the ball 95 yards in the air. He Probably can. Yeah. Which is so awesome. And. it is awesome And pointless. Just Useless. It's not pointless because it, it's pointless. It's so much fun to watch. Great deep ball. You just hate deep balls. I found the, no, there's no reason to throw it. Nine, five yards. All right. But no more. More Joe Five Yards. Nico Nico is vastly different than Joe Milton couldn't be any different from Joe Milton. Nico. Nico could throw to all parts of the field. Yeah. Nico is mobile. I just, I think that him in that offense with what they have, that is gonna be a really tough team to beat. Okay. And They're really good around him. The front seven is fantastic.


Secondary needs a little, they, it's gonna be some smoke and mirrors with a secondary. Tennessee is a team that you can argue, like I'm saying, they have the best QB in the country. You can also say they have the best defensive player in the country in James Spear Jr. Yeah. So like you put those two things together, those teams tend to be pretty good. Pretty good. They've got a Schedule. Schedule's tough. It's, it's all about that at Oklahoma. It's all about that. They have to go to, at Oklahoma, they have to go to, at Georgia And Alabama at home and Alabama at home. I Don't think they'll win in Georgia. I think they'll beat Alabama. I think they'll beat to Alabama as well. And they also have Mississippi State at home, which would be tough. Mississippi State. I feel like having a great pass rusher is gonna be pretty important for an offense like that. Yeah. Make him look even better as a defensive end. What about LSU? I don't love 'em. Yeah. It's delusional. It's kind of a USC situation.


It's hard to say Ls u's delusional. 'cause you know, the talent's just brimming outta that state and on that roster. But last year the roster was talented and they had the worst defense in the country. And I know they went out and got the LSU fan to argue down, you know, we have the best defensive staff in the nation now. They got Bo Davis for defensive line. They got Blake Baker for defensive quarter. That's great. You're not going from a hundred 30th against the past to, to like 30th. You're, you might go to 70th, but I don't think it's good enough. And the, the defense gets marginally better. The offense is definitely getting marginally worse without a Heisman winning quarterback and two first round receivers. Yeah. I I Their offensive line though is big. Yes. It's really good. Yeah, Really good. They've got two great tackles. I I think that there's a lot of people high on Garrett Nus Meyer, who we have not seen a whole lot of, of though you got a front row. They're all LSU fans though.


Yep. Yep. But no, I, I know what non LSU fans were big on. Nu but to your point, they, it's again, it's like a USC situation. They lose a Heisman trophy winning quarterback. They lose two first round wide receivers and that defense sucked ass last year. And how much better can that defense get? Doesn't have to be great if Nus Meyers as good as Jade Daniels, but we don't know that he's as good as Jade Daniels. There Was a report that Harold Perkins is overweight. Good. It's about time. I know. But he, that was the whole thing where it was just like, 'cause everyone was wondering what the hell happened to Harold Perkins. Harold Perkins is in the running for weirdest career ever, ever. And four sack On his third year. Like the, the freshman Harold Perkins. You think this is the best college football player I've ever seen in my life. And then he just doesn't show up for a sophomore season.


They don't put him in the right spot. Now who knows where he is this year? He's also got a 70-year-old man's name. Harold Perkins. Not a great name. No, he can't, that is not a college student. There's never been a college student named Harold Perkins. Does Harold Perkins have Aura? The name doesn't, but the guy does. I think Jason Tatum. Alright. What? He's got clogged here. What are there teams? Let's see. Vandy Probably gonna be pretty bad. Yeah. I don't think Vandy iss making the Playoffs. Okay. So Florida, are they delusional to think that they can win five games this year? No. No. I don't think so. I I, I'm torn with Florida 'cause I have just shit on Napier forever. 'cause they fired Dan Mullen to hire a guy who's got 50% of his ceiling. But Napier is a bad coach. But I think he's built a pretty good roster.


I think the roster is better than the coach. I think they can win. First of all, I think they can win this week against the Miami team. I love. And then I think they can win seven games. What About, have you seen their last four games? Oh yeah. It's L-S-U-L-U. Lemme pull up this Ole Mess at Home Georgia and Hot 10 Teams everywhere. Yeah. Yeah. I, I think Florida, but one of 'em, Florida State that's already taking A hit. So, but I think talent wise, yeah, they're good. I think Billy Napier is a very good developer of quarterbacks and I think we saw some of that last year with Graham Mertz who went, looked pretty damn competent with the Gators. More competent than he did with the Badgers. But I also think the X factor there is the guy behind Mertz. If things start going sideways, if they bring in DJ lag way, that could be kind of like a spark plug to really make, turn that season around a little bit and make them far more competitive late in the year.


But I think they can get to a bowl game. It's just, with that schedule, it's, it's impossible to think they're gonna get to the playoff. I don't think the schedule's gonna end up being as hard as we think. Okay. Right now, their last seven games, I'm gonna go seven games at Tennessee, loss, Kentucky at home. Win at, well Florida, Georgia in Jacksonville. Loss at Texas Loss Home against LSU. Winnable. Winnable Home against Ole Miss. Winnable. Winnable. Winnable. Yeah. Okay. And then at Florida State, winnable, Winnable, we, we don't know what LSU and Ole Miss. I think both are volatile. I like Ole Miss better than I like LSU. But by November, both of those teams could either be in the tank or be like in the top five. What About Oklahoma and Texas?


The new guns. Alright, Tom, I gotta talk to you about Texas. Okay. Go. I've been going through some emotions about Texas. I've got Texas in the playoff. Okay. I think the quarterback is great. I think the offensive talent's great offensive line. Especially the tackles great. How easy is it? It they are glossing over, they're just kind of really sandpaper over the fact that they lost Byron Murphy into Andre Sweat in the middle. And you're going to the most, the, the toughest running conference in the country and you lost your running defense. I like 'em, but I can see them falling apart too. Yeah, No, I'm with you. I, I think that, I think Texas people are expecting a little too much from coming into the SEC and IP think the other side, people are sleeping a little too easily on Oklahoma.


But I, I agree with you. I feel like defensively that is a team that could run into some serious problems because between Murphy and Sweat, like that's not, it's not a Georgia situation where when they lost their guys, they had more monsters behind them ready to replace. They got big people in Texas. They Do, they go San Antonio. They don't have him on the Longhorns death chart right now. So Yeah. So you gotta get some of them, get some churros. Yeah. Send Charles to San Antonio, but Antonio, but we need Fat San Antonio women on defensive line. Yes. I mean, if that's, if that's what Sark should be doing right now, he should just be walking the river walk looking for defensive tackles. He's done worse. Yeah. Okay. Instead of focusing on stripper monkeys, because they, they, they're still right. No, no, They're married. They got married. Brandon, congratulations. Well, love is love guys. Yeah. Yeah. Pull assassins her name Pull assassin stripper monkey.


Yeah. What's your hottest take For all of college football? All of College football? The one that you're like, you feel like you're out on a limb. Mine's Alabama. Mine's Alabama. And it's not, I don't think it's, I don't think Alabama is gonna have a bad year because of the roster talent or because of Taylor Debore being a bad coach. I truly think they're gonna, they're gonna plumb new depths of fan base irritation and fan base just throwing themselves off the mountain. As soon as they lose a game they're not expecting they're gonna lose to Georgia. But as soon as they lose another game, they're not expecting that fan base. I mean, we saw Auburn Auburn fans made up a fake affair rumor about their coach to try to get him fired a couple years ago. Alabama's gonna go further than that.


God knows what these hillbillies are gonna do. I don't, I don't, I don't know what they're gonna do when they get mad at Kalen de Bore. Everything's nice right now. They don't want a guy named Calin Debore who's never been in the South as their coach. When it goes bad, it's An oxygen problem. It's an oxygen problem. There's not enough air in the room to support everybody. Yeah. Yeah. All right. What about you Tom? I feel like Nico being the best quarterback of the country. It's a good take. Obviously It's warm. I will go Oklahoma finishes with a better SEC record than Texas. Wow. All right. I gotta, I gotta let, let me ask about that. Lemme probe there. Probe. Can I probe? Probe? Yes. And my first car was a 93 Ford probe. Remember those? So I don't think Venable is a very good coach. I think they were a soft, a soft, a soft 10 and two last year.


I, I could, I can see your argument that they were soft tenant too. But the problem is, like we talked about Dylan and Gabriel going to Oregon. I think they actually upgraded a Quarterback. Jackson Arnold. I think Jackson Arnold will be a step forward for them. I think he is a, a great player. I think he's gonna have an excellent season. The question for me is, I think defensively they got better last season. The question will be how do they handle the grind of facing LSU offensive lines all season? 'cause they did, they were able to kind of maneuver in the big 12 way that I'm not a hundred percent sold that they will be able to do here. But That schedule's nasty too. Yeah. The schedule is nasty. But I just think if that, if Jackson Arnold's as good as I think he is, that's gonna be a really good Sooners team. Not gonna win the SEC. But I like your concerns about Texas are shared with me. So I could see that Longhorns losing four games in the SEC But they don't have, Oklahoma doesn't have the receiver talent for Jackson Arnold that, that Baker Mayfield had even that.


No. You know, Jalen Hertz had, they don't have the receiver talent they had five years ago. No, but I think that you can overcome that with a great quarterback. Yeah. but it would certainly help. It would certainly help. I disagree. Especially when you're going, when you got Tennessee coming in one week, you got Alabama, you got all this like, it's the other wildcard is Ole Miss coming in? The other Wildcard is their offensive line. I know Oklahoma Sooners fans have serious concerns about it and I get it. But I think that Bill Beba over the years has done a tremendous job developing offensive points. What a name. So I give him like credit. Like you Could have just made that up. No, he's a real person. I Thought, I thought it was Beba Bill. Be Bill Beba. Is it Bedden? I called him. I thought it was Beba. I've always said Bedden Bba. I've Called him Baugh it his face. I like shit. Did he, did he react? No. Have You ever called him bed and body your his face Never touched his face?


Mm. Speaking of Oklahoma, while we're on the subject, how are, how are you on Levy? I'm excited. He came in and he is not scared to recruit. He is not scared to at least try to recruit. He is not scared to go after guys. I would hope he'd be not scared to. Our last guy was, our last guy was terrified. Okay. You missed it. He's not scared. No, no, no. To try to recruit. No, no. You Understand what I'm saying? What a hire. Our last guy was terrified of battles. Our last guy was not going after it. And Mike Leach, frankly, he would, he didn't care. He would recruit you If you said no one time. He's like, all right, I'll just go. So we haven't had that, we haven't had to compete in recruiting battles in a while where we haven't gotten to compete in recruiting battles. Offense will be a lot better. Defense is probably gonna be really bad. And hopefully the fixes that in the off season. He Who, what coach is on the hottest seat.


Billy Napier. For certain. Yeah. What about Ryan Day? Not beating Michigan? I think, And this is an oxygen problem. I think you're gonna see quicker hot seats than you've ever seen before. Like in the SEC. Too much oxygen. That's, I Gonna say that's more oxygen. 'cause it ignites quicker. Yeah. Fine. In the SEC if Brian Kelly like goes seven and five this year, I think that seat heats up real quick. Real quick. Yeah. I think Brent Venables seat could heat up real quick if they come in and go six and six in the SEC. I think Oklahoma fans are a little too much, like too pot committed with Brent right now. I don't They're so fucking like They went six and six two Ago. Better than years ago. Yeah, I Know. Six and six two years ago last year they kind had a fluky 10 and two. If they were to go six and six again in a new conference, that'd seems hot. He'll, He'll get the new conference. Excuse Though.


What about, what about Ryan Day? If he doesn't beat Michigan, he's In trouble. I Mean, if he doesn't beat Michigan, he is in real trouble. Real trouble. I I, I mean I think he's gonna beat Michigan, but I, I think he's in real trouble if he doesn't beat Michigan. I think if he doesn't beat Michigan, he better win the national Title. Who's sneaky on the hot seat? Sneaky on the hot seat. Mm. I kind of like Brian Kelly. Yeah, that's a good one. Yeah. 'cause I think he looks safe. He looks really safe. He won the division his first year went nine to three last year. But again, like what's that Buyout like For him? Right. The reason their defense was so bad is he hired a bad defensive coordinator last year, And it. And he tried to fix it. He went out and spent a lot of money. If it doesn't fix, Is Dabo sneaky in the hot seat? No. 'cause they just would never fire him, I don't think. I think like, if, if Dabo had a bad year, would there be, He would go in the next season on the hot seat?


I don't think they would pull the trigger this Year. Okay. I I, I think too that Clemson's fans, he would be on the hot seat. I don't think that administration would ever in the Hot seat. Right. 'cause there's a difference. Like there, there's guys that they just, nothing's gonna happen. Yeah. Especially 'cause they don't know how much they're gonna have to spend to get outta the acc. So the buyout situation could be a hindrance. I mean, Franklin, right? Franklin's not, I was about to say he's Not far. Like we just, we talked earlier, But he is never on the hot seat. 'cause whenever he is on the hot seat, he just says he is gonna go to USC. Yeah. But we talked earlier like, you know, Penn state's a team that should benefit the most from the expanded playoff because now they're gonna get in. What if they don't? Yeah, he is an all time like, I'm not gonna let you fire me. I'll quit. Because he, every single time he gets in the hot seat, it's like, oh, James Franklin going here, going there. But I, I think lemme ask you about one more guy.


What about Lincoln Riley? He, he's, he doesn't seem that far. I think Lincoln is more likely to jump ship than USC is to fire Lincoln. Well that's the exact same principle. He just, yeah, Yeah, yeah. You can't fire me. I quit. Yeah. He could be an office coordinator in the NFL. Yeah. But I, if he doesn't have a good year, he could have trouble finding that kind of gig. Yeah. What about, what, what does Sam Pittman have to do to save his job? I become a different coach. He, he, it's over for him. It's over the, there's not even a seat there. He's, his seat is so hot. His seat is so hot. How hot is it? They went out. He went out and got That's really, They just do well together. They went Out and hired Bobby Petrino. Yeah. The guy who disgraced the school who just, well no, that worked out Great for Texas a and m. He just, he disgraced the school like 10 years ago and they went out and hired him.


Just 'cause Sam Pittman's fan ass can't coach. He's not hot. That's just syphilis burns a little bit. Alright. Heisman, Nico. Nico, Brandon. I like Carson Beck. Yeah, I think, I think Carson Beck's the best for the quarterback in the country. Is it? Georgia could win the national title and they could lose two games of race. I mean their, their schedule is crazy For sure. They, they have four, I think four top 10 games and three of 'em are on the road. One's a neutral site. Yes. That being Atlanta. But I mean, they got Clemson or Clemson's not a top 10 team, but they got at Alabama, at Ole Miss at Texas. It's crazy. It's, it's crazy. But for the Heisman thing, Carson Beck is gonna be in marquee spots. Yeah. He's all, all season long.


Yeah. Every, every level of the season. The beginning, the middle, the end, he's gonna be there. And then the Florida game. The Tennessee game. Like there's others. I think Carson Beck's gonna be in marquee spots and he is gonna win the Heisman. I Already have the future on Nico's Heisman. But I'm telling you the, the turning point will be he'll throw for like three 50 and four touchdowns in the win over Alabama. And then Nico Mania will be getting nationally. Nico Mania narrative will start. That'll be Nico Nicotines everywhere the There you go. The issue I would, and it's a good bet. I don't mind the bet, but it almost is like the hooker thing where he beat Alabama And, it goes crazy. And there's a trip to Athens in three weeks and they just shut you down anytime. Somebody says the Hooker thing. Yeah. I was like, what Bobby? Like Where are We going now? Hendon Hooker. Well, It was raining in that game. Yeah, Sure. Didn't matter.


Didn't didn't even get close. You got a group of five. So I had Boise State until they named Amy Schumer their starting quarterback until they named. Have you seen the kid? No. No. Look up Bo Say by the way, I should, I should use, he looks like mind everyone that Hank Buchmeyer is the Wake Forest starting quarterback. I've, every year he just bounces around and I end up getting, losing money. And then halfway through the game I'm like, fuck. I bet on Hank Bmy again. Yeah. Maddox Madson. Maddox. MAD's like a tar. Yeah. He looks like Amy Schumer. He really does. That's not even a joke. Like he looks exactly like her and they got 18 starters back. They got one of the best running backs in the country. The schedule is very manageable. I just, I can't bet on that quarterback.


I think it kind of looks like a fatter Cody Lanza. I was A little bit, He looks a little bit like Brandon Walker. No, he does not look like Brandon Walker. Yeah. Yeah, he does. Okay. Would you bet on Brandon Walker to win the national title? He looks like, he looks like Brandon Jogger. Like If. you got a little more exercise. Lost a few rounds. App State I got, I got Memphis. I, yeah, I think Seth Hannigan's a very good player. He is probably one of the better quarterback. I mean, people were going after him in the portal. Memphis was able to hold onto him. Thank you FedEx. But I, I do think the Tigers are a team that's kind of flying under the radar outta the American. I, Boise, I'm with you. I was with when until they like the Malachi problems. I, I'm kind of selling out When Jeff Tedford retired again for the thousandth time, I kind of sold stock on Fresno.


I don't know, I, I think Liberty's gonna get the playoff spot, but I don't, they don't play anyone. I don't think Liberty. Yeah. Don't think, don't they play Upstate? They do. They Do. But I don't think they're the best G five team. I just think they play a dog shit schedule filled in a conference where they have more money than the rest of the league combined. Yeah. We're gonna need to have state to handle business on that. Yeah. Like unless you liberty in the playoff you, Because that it is and that that bowl game last year where they played whoever they played Oregon. Oregon, yeah. It just, they did not belong there. And. it was a sham that they got there. So hopefully they don't crash the playoff party. That's why I got Memphis. Yeah. Okay. I got one last. You guys have been great together. You guys both know Ball. You guys wanna kiss? I like it too because there was a little moment there where you guys were doing like a one-upmanship of like what offensive line coach or backup tight end can we name?


Yeah. And I, it was like we kind of hit a crescendo that was just beautiful. They Kind of If you look at the wide shot of them on the couch right here. It's like alternate universe. Beavis and Butthead. Yeah. You guys are perfect. Like High cholesterol Beavis and Butthead Head. I actually would say right now you guys gotta just do it. Do this every time together. That's fine. Perfect. I'm done to do it again. Are you alright? Oh, look at that. All right. So my last question, and I just thought of this and I wanted, I want to do this right after.


So I have, I'm springing on both of you. I Don't like this looking Rollback question. No, no. It's it. Listen, it's fair Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code take, we gotta figure out who's the college football expert for Pardon. My. Take.


So I think what we should do is we should do a draft of the playoff. You guys go back and forth and we'll give, let's say one point for making the playoff and then one point for every playoff win. Is that fair? So it's a season long. It's a Okay. Like do we get a trophy? Yeah, We get college foot. Yeah. We'll make a trophy for you. So I thought we were gonna do this just in the event that Brandon Walker won. Yeah. Well, we'll just pretend it never happened. If it looks like he's gonna win. Okay. So we're both drafting 12 teams, or we're just drafting, you're Both drafting 12 teams, but you can No repeats. Okay. All Right. What do we think about that? I made Some notes. I was gonna say, are you hiding? You made some notes. Yeah, I wrote down.


You Need to keep notes to know who's gonna make the playoffs. Wow. I think we know who's in the leads. 12 Teams for this. Should we do, should we do one point for making the playoff 1.2 Points per win? Two points per win. And If you get a buy that's already automatic. Two points that should count as a win. Or How about this one point to make it one point for a first round win. Two for second. Three, Four. Yes. Because you don't wanna wait the then the same. Yeah. Yeah. Because Ohio State, if they get a buy, won't have a chance. All Right. One point for winning or for making it one point for first round. Win two points for Memes. Write this down. Second Round, win three points. Five, no, four points for the national champion. Yeah. So go. 1, 2, 3, 4. Yeah, I just said that. You said 1, 1, 2, 4. I said 1, 2, 4. What are the odds? Any of us remember all this?


Yeah, it's memes. Go write it down. Alright. Okay. Who would like to go first? Actually, you know what, we'll do the lottery ball to decide. Three. No. Whoever's closer. Odds or evens. Odds. Odds or evens. Yeah. Odd odds or evens. That would be funny if we made you guys do that. Okay. Well let him call it. I'll take odds. Okay. And If, you get If, you get the number dead on. You get the first two picks. Three. Oh fuck. 71 8. Wait, I just wait. You Just fucked counts. This counts. He doesn't get a number. Shut the fuck up. Back to eight. He doesn't get a Number. Guess 71. Which fucks him. Yeah, but no, it would override. It would override.


I hope it's eight. I hope it's 3 94. 6 94. That's first pick for me. All Right. First pick snake draft though. So you want the first pick? Yeah. Well, No, actually it's not a snake draft. It's just 1, 1, 1, 1. Back and forth. It can snake. No, It doesn't snake. No, I, no. All right, hold on. Let's do a lottery ball. See if we snake. Odds are snake Even Insert No snake. No Snake. No snake. Do you want first pick or would you like to give it to Tom? I would Of course, like first pick. Oh, well that's a very unclassy move by you. Well, What did we have? The fucking lottery machine. I drove all the way down here. I drove further hay traffic. No, but that's, I mean, come on. He's our guest here. We do it every Day though. Then what was the point? I, Our guest, if I was Tom, I would want the second pick.


Yeah, but these are guests. Come on. I'm Good. Would you like the first pick? No, I'm good. Tom, take The first pick. Wow. He just fucking No, Brandon is you listen, as the, as the number one college football expert on this podcast. Brandon is my guest. The guest goes First. Your pro. That's true. Good point. I'll Kick you in the chin. Good point. All right. I'm going First Ohio State. Fuck Buckeye, Brandon. Yeah. At it Again. So I get the next two. No. Yeah. I thought We Didn't snake. Gee, I'll Go with you. Get the two after that. Brandon, I'll go with Georgia. Okay. I feel like they got a chance to be pretty good. I mean, I, somebody told me they got the minute quarterback and then, Oh wow. Good point, Tom.


And then I'll take Oregon. Yeah. Okay. No shit. No shit. No shit. No shit. Kinda fucking me. 'cause You get two picks. Yeah, I got it. I got it. Everybody chill out. Did you say Tom's fucking me? No, nobody's fucking there. Put that on A, a quote card please. You gotta think about who's gonna get, I Understand, but I, I don't. Oh, okay. I'm, I'm gonna do it. 'cause I believe in him. I'm taking Clemson. Wow. Mm. Gimme Texas. Texas. Yeah. Clemson. Okay. Gimme Tennessee. Okay.


Oh, gimme Penn State. Fuck You. Okay. I was trying to see, I'm doing the game theory. I'm trying to figure out, out what he wants next. It's, I saw his notes. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Brandon. It's getting harder already, isn't it? Yeah. Well the problem is my beliefs and my thoughts about what I said I think is gonna happen. But also I wanna pick a team, but Oh yeah. You're not enough Oxygen. You can't pick it. No. It's a different, it's different goal. Oh, I wanna pick Utah, but I already said I don't think they're making the playoffs. Well see. But that way you cover all your bases. Correct. Why don't you, don't you pick the team that you think is gonna make the playoffs There. Yeah, you're right. Do you need, just to remind you, So I'm picking two Two.


Who, who's gonna make the playoffs there? Alright, So we've already got, hold on, hold on. We already got Ohio State. I already got Oregon. We're gonna Penn State and the SEC. We've picked Texas. Georgia. Tennessee. Tennessee. Fuck Eames. Are you writing this down? 'cause I've already forgotten about Draft. Brandon, you're, you're thinking of Kansas State. If that's what you're gonna go with your Big 12 champion. I'm gonna take Ole miss. Fuck. Wow. Make sure that graphic just has that. Yeah. Wow. Get you get a graphic of like Brandon in red and blue And Miami and Grove. Miami and Miami. Yeah. All right. Alright. Tom. Oh, you Kind of stuck me in Florida State. You son of A bitch. No, I, I Can't believe Brandon took Goole.


Miss. Yeah, I I'm, I I wanna be the number one. I wanna be the football expert here. Turn your, your badge in your belt. It's not been a single big 12 team. Yeah. I'm gonna take Kansas State. Okay. And there's also a really good team that's won a lot of national Titles. I don't know why you have to talk like that. I Don know why you have to remind people that there's teams out there. You mean like Alabama? Yes. Like He understands. I know Alabama's out there. He knows Alabama's out There. you don't have to get sassy about it. I know. Alabama's there. Gimme Alabama. Alright. Good. Pick Tom. Gimme a Notre Dame. Okay. Yeah. Shit. That's a good pick. Yeah. Good Pick, pick. That's great value. Yeah. And Utah. Okay. That might be the difference right there.


Should we give Tom Notre Dame? No, you shouldn't. 'cause this is a draft. Yeah, I think so. What do you mean Ft and I get to swap one team at the end. Tom gets ole miss. Okay. Gimme Michigan. Okay. And I'll take Florida State. I'm not really super thrilled about it, but No, you don't. It's value at This point. No. Yeah. How many rounds do you think we could just have 'em going back and forth before we told 'em they were done. Just name every team. How many teams have we named? You both have, Tom has eight teams And I have seven. Or you have Seven. Okay. I'm running outta teams. Just chill out. Everybody. Everybody relax.


More relaxed than you Are, dude. No, you're not. You've never been more relaxed with me in my life. I checked my fucking aura ring. It'll tell you right now I'm relaxed. The fact that you're wearing an aura ring says you're not relaxed. No, It says he has Aura. Yeah. It says I got Aura. You have diabetes. Type two. The the best kind. Best Kind. Got two. You're going to pick one of the two. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. He can't even get the number one diabetes, let alone be the number one college football expert. If, You got two. You don't have one. Fuck. Come on. It's Hard, right? Yeah. Fuck. I know. Fuck. It's out there. We've reached, we've reached the point where we both have to pick teams we don't actually believe in. So it's like, Yeah. Gimme, gimme. LSU. Okay. And Oklahoma State.


Okay. Mm. Agreed. Mm. Feel like there's a lot of meat on that bone in the Big 12. There is. I'm just trying to f that. That's the thing. Like the big 12 is just such a rain number generator. Mm Hmm. Tough, Gimme liberty. They're gonna be in it. Okay. Or give you death. And Utah, Kansas State are the only Big 12 teams we've taken. Wait, I just took Oklahoma State. Wait, I Took Oklahoma State. Wait, Hold on. What? You have Liberty? Yeah. No one's taking Oklahoma. Yeah, I'm Comfortable. Are you With that? Yes. I'm just throwing it out there.


I don't, I don't want them yet. Okay. He's not gonna take 'em. So I'll take 'em later. Am I tricking him into taking them? Who knows? Have we taken USC yet? No. God damn. Gimme USC. Good pick. Is that you're both, is it? I feel like I've got the, yeah, I took Liberty in USC. I feel like I've got the entire Big 10 except for Ohio State. Well, I'm about to, I'm turning fully to the dark side. I've already got Ole Miss Gimme Iowa. Wow. That's a disgusting fucking, You're a disgusting fucking pick. Yeah, But I was picked first. They might go 10 and two and be terrible. Schedule's easy. Yeah, they might. Yeah. Illinois might go 10 and two too.


No, they might not. No, but that's 100%. They might not good Choices as Iowa does. I'm I'm well, you're a big Kate McNamara guy. That's cool. No, I'm not a C McNamara guy. What kind of guy are you? It's fun. I'm a Luther Bird guy. Gimme me. Gimme Missouri. Okay. Missouri. I don't believe in that one. That one's worse. You just Missouri and Iowa. Yeah. That was bad. That was bad. We're we're, we're, we're at the bottom of the barrel here. No, we are. I can't fault you for we're, We're at 23rd and 20 fourteens in the country. Mm. Gimme Kansas. Okay. Wait. On Kansas. It's worse than both those teams I just picked. Yeah. 'cause that's how it goes when you draft. Why the better teams go. Why are you Hollering?


Why am I hollering? Where are we fucking back in Mississippi? God only knows. I wish we were Alright for the, for the last pick the 12th pick. You can pick any team the other guy has, except for the top three of their picks. So I'll list them for you. And then Brandon, you can do the same. But how Is that gonna be the 12th pick? If we're just Yeah, You just, you just, That's still the same amount of teams. Yeah. Still same amount of teams. So you can pick No, no Brandon's Right. So there's still only 11 teams I don't Like. Yeah. Yeah. I don't like it. Yeah. I just wanna make it as confusing as possible. You get to pick Congrats. Yeah. You get to pick one team for the other guy. You Got two idiots who can't think of any more teams and you're trying to confuse Absolute.


No, no. You get to put a team on the other guy, but they can't be a shitty team. Memphis and, and me and Big. Cat will decide if they're shitty. Put something moderately shitty on your Opponents. Yeah. It has to be adequately shitty. God damn. Give me Virginia Tech. Oh, nice. Pick. And do I have one more? Yes. NC State. Okay. Want a CC again? We got The A C. C covered. All right. So Tom, you have Georgia, Oregon, Tennessee, Penn State, Kansas State, Alabama, Michigan, Florida State, Liberty, USC. Kansas. Virginia Tech. Brandon, you have I don't like Alabama. Michigan being in the middle of yours.


Ohio State. Clemson, Texas. Ole Miss Miami, Notre Dame, Utah. LSU, Oklahoma State, Iowa, Missouri. NC State Notre Dame. Might've been steal a draft. Might've been Might. It was a very good pick. It was an excellent value play Because they should be in the playoff and that will get you one point no matter what. Yeah. Although they already have lost their starting left tackle after they had to replace golf. And they gotta go to Texas a m. Oh, Texas a m. Why wasn't that picked? Because they're not very good. Okay. That's a good reasoning. Marcus Freeman also, don't you Host all now like a Texas A fan. What? Don't you host a show with the Texas a m fan Buddy. Now PFT and I are gonna draft the rest of the teams that weren't mentioned. And if any of those teams make the playoffs, we become the college football. Y'all are gonna become, you're gonna be Dwight's Roots own assistant manager, West Virginia.


Not scared. If any of 'em even make it, we then become the experts. Alright boys, this has been awesome. Yeah. Thank you so much. Yeah. Dunno if I'd call it awesome. I mean it was tolerable. Yeah, it was tolerable. New annual. What was the draft for? I thought we were competing. Oh, no, no. You both would be. No, because Loser of the Draft still has a chance to win the draft. Michigan won the national title last year. The other teams still get to play. That's true. And you were very wrong about Michigan last year. No, not really. Yeah, you were not really? Yeah, you Were, you know, who wasn't the number one college football expert on PardonMyTake? My tape. Oh, Tom Ferelli was he called it. Yeah, it's true. He called it. Are you Still saying that you weren't wrong about Michigan? Brandon? Does That that feel good that you were able to call Michigan for a national champions?


Well, You literally Said all they had to do was do Win a national champion, Win a national championship. Yeah. You can't talk about it. State. You have a blood oath. Yeah, I can We we won a national title. Really? Baseball 2021. Oh nah. Didn't really count. 'cause Ole Miss won the year after. Yeah. It doesn't matter. Wiped it away. We both won. Yeah. We're both winners. Mississippi's winners. Everybody's A winner Up To 35th in education. That's Pretty good. That's good. That's good. Huge. We found that fact out today. Yeah. That's huge. Enormous. So suck at Arkansas. They, They introduced books. Oh God. Who are the 15 states that are worse? West Virginia was there. Almost everybody around us in the south. You guys just all moved outta Miss State. You know what, it's just a general area. Made Everyone rising. Tide lifts all boats. Mississippi's leading the west.


Yeah. Yeah. All right. Thank you boys. Tom Ferelli, go listening to his podcast. Cover three, cover Three. I was, I I know. Cover three. I was, I was thinking about whether I wanna plug Brandon's. No, listen to the cover. Three. Brandon Has a podcast Ish. Several. A show Family. Multiple shows. Family. What about wrestling? Plug Wrestling. We're working on it. Wrestle Mostly, right? You know what, what about necessary roughness? Yeah, Dude, you chose not to play well, the yak, you're plugging the show that you're on. Yeah. Why not? Alright, I'm on the yak. Okay, there we Go. Big, Cat and Brandon. Walker. Yeah. Mostly Sports is Good. Thank you. Yeah. Family sounds As good as wrestling.


Who Would you say is, is the Batman and who's the Robin mostly? Oh, Titus is Batman. Yeah. Yeah. And Robin, that's not, I don't know that that's true. I mean, whose name is first in the graphic? Yeah. Titus is Batman and Robin. Brandon's cat girl. It's Catwoman got the ga. No, I said Cat Girl. You're not even Catwoman. Catwoman is Connor Griffin. Alright. Thank you boys. Thank you Tom Ferelli and Brandon Walker.


Were brought to you by our good friends over at Chevy. We love Chevy. There's a reason why we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. That's because for part of my take, there's only one pickup truck. The Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Well, Silverado's a partner. It's a partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of part of my take Jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. It was our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. It helped us dig the biggest hole ever dug in the state of Ohio. Last year at Grit Week, it got us on that drive to the Super Bowl through a crazy ice storm that took us through Cincinnati, through Memphis to the beautiful Bass Pro shop pyramid. And Silverado was with us along the way, kept us safe, kept us entertained. The screens are fantastic in the Silverado. There's a lot of room in there. It feels like a luxurious ride in a very tough, gritty pickup truck. Silverado brings that grit. It's legendary grit. They sponsor the low man trophy for the nation's best college fullback. They get grit up to eight cameras inside the Silverado. You have 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. And the new blacked out look that they got of the new Silverado HT Trail Boss Chef's Kiss. It's awesome. So head over to chevy.com, build your own Silverado or your Silverado hd. Check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado.


And now here is Joey Chestnut American Hero. And now for something completely different. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest. He is an American hero, one of our favorite Americans of all time. It is Joey Chestnut. And we've got some beef that we're settling. Labor Day Weekend, Joey Chestnut, going up against Kobayashi Unfinished Beef. So Joey, first of all, let's, let's thank you for joining us. We missed you, we missed you dearly on, on 4th of July. Didn't feel like 4th of July. Where are we at with that part of everything that's happened in the last six months? Yeah. I miss being there, man.


It's, they, they haven't reached out at all. Oh, yeah. So it's, I don't know if they're waiting to see how this thing goes with this contest goes, maybe they're hoping I lose and maybe, I don't know. But that's not gonna happen. All all they've done is make me more hungry to make a new record. I'm gonna, I'm gonna smash that. I'm gonna eat more hot dogs than ever before. And I have the tiger right there. I it, I I I would, yeah. I missed that content. Who knows? Hopefully we can figure out something. But right now I'm just thinking about Labor Day and Kochi. Yeah. They poked the bear. And they might be very upset that they did that. One last question about what happened on 4th of July weekend, because we had your back. I, I love watching Joey Chestnut compete.


It's one of my favorite parts of 4th of July weekend. And the report came out that there was a dispute behind some sort of vegan or vegetarian hotdog product. And then I saw the spin machine kick in high gear. And then all these people were saying that you wanted to eat vegetarian hotdog during the hotdog eating contest. And I said, that doesn't sound like something that Joey Chestnut would do. This sounds like they're trying to get in front of the narrative. Can you clear us up as to what happened and and why they kicked you out? Oh, they did some weird things. So yeah, I started working with Impossible Foods. I And it by my, all my previous agreements. I've been allowed to work with, work with them. We, we have, we have, we all our agree agreements.


We had, they had ex companies that I couldn't work with, and they were like real hotdog companies. And so this year I said, Hey, I'm they, they knew I was gonna be working with Impossible Foods. So they put them on the list of companies I can't work with. After I, after they knew that I was working with 'em And it was, it was lame. It was, yeah. And, and I, I couldn't go back on my deal with Impossible. So I was, I was in a tight spot. And then they, then they started leaking all this information to the news and saying, trying to tell people that I, I wanted to eat vegan hot dogs on in contests and, which wasn't the case. I, I eat, I do, I eat clean after contest because I do eat like a madman. And so I I I take days off of eating meat.


Yeah. So it's, they, they, they try to, I'm there, there's probably things I could have done, but it, they, they pissed me off a little bit. Yeah. And but, and And it sucks 'cause everybody wants to see a new record on the 4th of July. And I, I, I wanna do it. Yeah. And so I, I'm not giving up. I I, I love that contest. I love 4th of July. I love eating in New York City, and I'm hoping I can do it again. Yeah. Because that was, that was the, the, the saddest part, the most disconcerting part for us is people saying, oh, Joey likes vegan hot dogs more than regular hot dogs. We're like, no, he doesn't. This guy's American, through and through, he puts his life on the line for our enjoyment every 4th of July.


So just so we can set it straight. You, you understand, you eat after, but like, you're always gonna to eat regular hotdog when we're, when we're competitions. Oh, yeah. This contest for Netflix, it's all beef hotdog. Yeah. I, I, and I eat meat, crazy amounts of meat. But I, I do take a break. I from eating meat, which is, which is, I, I, I think it helps me so I can go get back into it when I, so I can push harder. Yeah. So it's, it, it's weird that they got, they were so sensitive. Yeah. And dude, I got, and, and the way they were trying to control the narrative, change the narrative to make it look like I I was an American, which is, it irked me a little bit. But, you know, I I, I love the guy who won Patti.


He, he did awesome. But I, I, I think me and Cohi are gonna probably eat more than he did in, in six minutes. Yeah. And we're, we're gonna, we're gonna, we're we're gonna push each other to ridiculous limits. Yeah. On every Day. Yeah. The, the fake news was out to get you And. It's been a long time since you've competed against Cohi. Right. Do you remember the last time you guys went head to head? Oh yeah. Last time we were in Singapore, it was one of the only times that the audience was in his fan, his his corner. And he started out, he was ahead of me and they were like cheering. And then I, I tied it up, And, it got all quiet. And. it felt it, it was a good feeling. Yeah. But dude, yeah. So it, it's, he's, he's an eater. And I know he has hasn't, last couple years he's taken some time off.


But there's nobody who pushes me like him. And every time we eat against each other, we, we break records. And it, it's gonna, it's, I I, oh my God. Yeah. I, I between eating against him and the hunger, I just missing the hotdog contest on the 4th of July. It, I'm, I'm, I'm, I've been training and I'm ready to, ready to eat like an animal. It's, it's bird verse magic in, in hotdog eating competition. You just gotta, you bring the best outta each other. So what exactly is gonna be the setup for this hotdog eating competition? Oh, yeah. So Netflix, they, they wanna announce some of the rules. I I, I don't know if I've, I, I might have let some stuff slip, but they're, they, some of the rules were eating 'em a little bit different.


It'll be a little bit cleaner. But I've been practicing and I'm, I'm gonna, I'm a machine right now. So it, it, it, it shouldn't matter too much that we're eating 'em a little bit different, but it 10 minute contest all beef hotdog, just two of us. We'll be kind of slanted so we can see each other while we're eating. And it's, it's, yeah. It's gonna be intense. And it'll be a couple undercard events. It, some eaters, international eaters Love that. Yeah. And dude, it's, it, it, it's gonna be, and they all, and another thing, the only two ears, so the hot dogs they're making, they're gonna be super fresh and yes, it'll be helpful.


And it good food is always easier to eat. And I'm gonna, I'm gonna just turn it on fast Buns. Yeah. Are we gonna have the similar buns to what we have in Nathan's? Oh yeah. Fast. Oh yeah. Fa Well, there'll be a little bit different buns, but they'll be fast. And they'll, they'll make, because they're not sitting outside in the heat, they won't turn stale. Yeah. So these ones will, I'll, I'll be able chew quick, swallow, and move on. I'll, I'll go beast mode. So, so when you say cleaner, are we not dunking them? That sounds like we're not dunking them. You didn't Hear that from me, but Okay. Wow. That would definitely be cleaner. Wow. Which is awesome. I mean, it, it's, it's more enjoyable to eat 'em without dunking. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. The slush, the dunking is the grossest thing ever.


But it's one of the, we've, we've, with practice and competition, we, I I, I know that I can make a new record even with the different rules. So Where's the, is there beef? Like, is co is Cohi beefing with you more than you're beefing with him because Yeah, he, He's, well, he's very angry. He's an angry, angry man. He knows how to hold a grudge. Okay. He is blocked. Me and he, we, we we're doing like a blow press tour. And he won't do do anything in the same room as me, which is all right. I mean, we're, we're not, we're not here. It's not competitive ing. We have to, we have to, we're gonna be pushing each other to our uncomfortable limits. And he, he knows I'm gonna, he knows what's coming and I know it's coming.


He, he's gonna push me and I, or it's when everything in my body's telling me to slow down or stop, I'm, I'm gonna keep pushing it. Are you guys love that? Are you doing a weigh in beforehand? That would rock. I don't know what they're doing exactly. I know they're doing a weigh in for the hot dogs, I think the day before. Oh, they're weighing the hot dogs. Just like, so the people like, oh, right, these, these are the hot dogs they're eating. So they can bet on 'em, I think. Yeah. Which on, on the, the, I think right now the over under is like 66. And I, I'm gonna blow that out. Okay. I love that. I love the confidence from you. I'm curious, when you're, when you're competing, you mentioned that you're gonna be like slanted a little bit, so you'll be able to see your opponent. That's probably very different from how it is in most of the eating competitions that I've seen, where it's just you, you get to stare straight ahead.


You look at your food, you look straight ahead and you focus in this, you're gonna be able to see your opponent as your opponent's eating. Are you planning on, on monitoring him and, and using him as like a, a pace car? Or are you just gonna try to zone out and, and do your normal thing? I'm gonna, I'm gonna go out hard and hopefully I'm, I'm finding a rhythm where I'm just almost like a zombie. Where, where I just find this, do the same thing over and over again and can make sure I'm breathing, And it, and I'll, I'll hear, I'll, I'll see numbers and I'll, I'm hoping that I, yeah. Usually if everything's working right, I'm, I'm just like in a zone. If, if, if I'm having a hard time, then I, then I start looking around a little bit too much.


But if everything's going good, I can just, just, just almost like, almost teleport towards the end of the contest. I'm like, oh yeah. I, I I know what I ate. Even if I don't, even if I lose track of numbers. Yeah. Do you, do you have any self-talk while you're eating? Any things that you, you think to yourself, I know a lot of elite athletes, they, they stress the importance of the mental game and putting themselves in the right head space. Are you, are you saying things to yourself internally? Are, are you telling yourself Okay, one dog at a time? Oh, yeah. So it's, it's, my biggest thing is stay calm, breathe. And I know I, I, I'm so, I'm so amped up and intense. The, the most, I, if I get a little bit too amped up, I, I try to swallow too much at one time.


If I, I stay calm, breathe. If I hold, end up holding my breath, then I end up getting winded and And, it screws up my rhythm. So I just stay calm. This is, I I love this. This is my happy place. Yeah. And it's, dude, it, this is, I, I, yeah. Last couple years, on the 4th of July, I, I didn't break a record And. it wasn't even close. So this is, I I I love competition. Yeah. And. it brings out us and everybody. And I, we're, we're gonna, we're, it's it's gonna make me, it's gonna make me work. Yeah.


Alright, so I got one last question, Joey. It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-P-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take.


So September 2nd, everyone tune in. Netflix, 3:00 PM Eastern Time. Unfinished beef. I hate asking this question, Joey, but I have to ask it. If you're thinking about your career, where are you in terms of how many years do we have left? 'cause I don't wanna, I already did le this year without, I didn't even watch outta I, 'cause I love you so much. I didn't even watch the, the Nathans on 4th of July. I was boycotting outta respect for you. So I'm hoping that you'll be back next year. But what do you th what is your body telling you in terms of, are you in your Prime still? Are you on the back nine? Wh where are you at? It's, it's, it's weird. Like, and the way my practices have gone this year, I, I I, I'm breaking records.


I'm doing the best I ever have it. But I am older. There's that, that, it'd be silly for me to say, this is my Prime, but I know my body so well. It, it, it, it takes a little bit longer to recover. So it, it, it's, it, it's, I I, I definitely have more years and my doctor's really happy with everything. Did, did the scope on both ends and everything's working well. Okay. And so I, I got years left and I'm not even looking at that. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm not looking at the end. I'm, I'm looking at just hot dogs right now and, and hot dogs in the future and some awesome records. And I'm, I'm some October Fest events and, and yeah, it's gonna be, it's gonna be a fun ride. I'm, I'm, I'm staying on this, staying on this wave.


We're gonna put that on a quote card. Hot dogs right now. Hot dogs in the future. Yeah. I like it. Joey. Chestnut. I don't want to, I don't wanna think about what the 4th of July is gonna be like in perpetuity without Joey Chestnut. Have you thought, actually, when you're watching the Olympics this year, did you see some of those events and be like, why isn't eating in the Olympics? Man, dude. Yeah. There, there was a couple that, yeah, I I, they eating is eat, but I, I I, I, yeah, there, there should there like that breakdown scene there, there's some serious athletes there. But then that, that woman was a joke. Reagan. Yeah. Yeah. Reagan. Should I goofball? I like her actually. But, But no e eating.


It wouldn't be that weird to every host, host country to have an eating contest. Yeah. I think it should be an Olympic sport because it's one thing that everybody that's ever born has done. So you can actually say Joey, Chestnut is the best eater of all time to eat. And you can't say that about most sports because some people they grow up in, in places that maybe don't play basketball or, or don't play, don't do the luge, you know, for Winter Olympics. But with absolute right. With Joey Chestnut, it's like, you can say definitively, this man is the best eater to ever walk the face of the earth. Yeah. It's, yeah. Like there's old women who know what it's like to be full. There's not too many people, not, not that many people have ever hit a home run. Not that many people have slammed dunk to basketball.


It's so, it's so everybody can kind of relate and kind of measure up. Yeah. I would like to see that in the Olympics. Yeah, I would too. Alright, well Joey, we're gonna be rooting for you. We're excited for it and great to see you. And let's, let's just never retire. Let's just keep, keep eating forever. Oh. Until the wheels fall off. Love it. Love it. Love it. All right. Thanks so much Joey. Appreciate it man. Take care guys. All right. See, thanks Joey.


Joey. Chestnut was brought to you by the farmer's dog. The days are warmer, the walks are longer. One easy way to help your dog shine this season is with fresh, healthy food from the farmer's dog. The farmer's dog makes real fresh dog food. It delivers it right to your door. Recipes are developed by vet nutritionist made from real meat, real veggies and portioned just for your dog, making it easy to say goodbye to burnt brown balls and feed your dog real food with real benefits. Blake had the Turkey this morning. He loves the Turkey. He had the beef last night, Turkey this morning. They've got different flavors. Your dog won't get bored of them. They love their food. It's smart, healthy pet food that you can fe feel good about feeding your pup. It's the best option for dogs of all life stages. It's not kibble. It's not cango. It's real healthy food. Blake's been on Farmer's Dog for I think the last but seven, eight months. Stella's been on Farmer's Dog for a long Five years time. Yeah. Farmer's, dog's great stuff. Dogs at a healthy weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs. It makes it easy to help your dog maintain their ideal weight because they preport all the food. They send it to you. Just cut it open, put it in the dish. It's very easy. And nothing like getting that Farmer's dog delivery straight to your door. You don't have to go to the store. They send it to you on a schedule. You can get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/pmt. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/pmt. You get 50% off at The Farmer dog.com/pmt.


Okay, let's wrap up with Fire Fest. Also, quick show announcement. Huey's summer internship has completed, so we appreciate him being around. It was a lot of fun having him around. So, yeah, it ended, he's going back to Michigan, so thank you to Huey. He's got everyone still follow him on Twitter. NBA hole. Is that Yeah. NBA Hole. NBA hole. Yeah. Yeah. He went, he went out with a bang with the, yeah, with the Jerry O'Connell. Yeah, It was, it was Jerry and Huey were a great tandem. So yeah, everyone follow him. We will see what he does next. But we appreciate him being our summer intern. And next summer we will probably have another intern. But we have to figure that out.


We do it earlier too. We fucked that part out. Oh, we were gone for like the whole month of July. Yeah. Maybe next summer. Let's not be gone. Whole month of July. I don't know about that. Just a whole month Chill week. Yeah. 4th of July. Gone Full. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Gone The whole month of July. I'd rather be here, but my fire fest of the week is, goes back to camp bars. Last week we played 16 inch softball for the first time. Bick has been preaching about it for a while. Had a lot of fun. Probably my favorite part of camp. And then this past Thursday we had our 12 inch softball game.


Hard ball. I'm the pitcher. And then I got absolutely smoked. Kid hit a hit a screamer up the middle. As hard as you could, smashed into my shin. I heard a crack and I like limped off. But after it initially happened, based off the sound, I thought like I broke my leg and the dunking wasn't gonna happen. Turned out to be A little Oh, that would've been the reason. That Would've been a great excuse. Yeah. But I didn't want to, I don't want give up. I'm not giving up. I'm not giving up. I still think I'm gonna do it. It's a big month. September's gonna Be. Well, I mean, yeah. Why would you give up? We work in a basketball office. Yeah, but I just, I'm, I, it really, the 16 inch was so fun. And then getting hurt playing 12 inch. And I never really loved 12 inch. But I've Converted you, You've converted me and then I was already converting.


Me and Max were already saying like, this is gonna be, 'cause our, we have a playoff game tonight. We haven't won a single game in the regular season. We're probably gonna get smoked again. But I was already at the game being like, I wish we were playing 16 inch. Next season we're playing 16 inch. Like this is gonna be our last game. And then I almost like had a life, life threatening injury. I ironically, it's more about playing small ball when you're playing with a 16 inch softball. Oh yeah. 'cause you, you try to direct the hits, hit it where they ain't, there's some dudes that play at the park next to my house and they take it so seriously. Oh yeah. They show up wearing like the skin tight. They're almost like motorbike racing shirts that they wear. They're like really tight flashy colors. They're all 6 2, 2 30. And they just mash the ball and it's so much fun to play.


Yeah, Absolutely. Old old dudes can play 16 inch, which tells you that that's the style of the game. It's, it's a thinking man's softball. So I've, it's fully converted. We're we're gonna get a 16 inch. I told you guys when you guys started the eight, the 12 inch league, I was like, the minute you get a 16 inch league I'm in, but I'm not playing 12 inch. What time's your game tonight? Eight. I want bail so Bad. Oh, I can't make it. Shit. I really wanted to be there for you boys. I'm not gonna be able to make it. We're we're doing like the, the office, everyone pointing a gun at each other. Meme in our group chat, waiting for someone to bail. Here's An idea. Because I think why don't, Everyone else is ready to, why Don't you guys bring a 16 inch ball and be like, wanna do this instead? The offspring, the balls.


Yeah. No, but go buy a 16 inch ball and be like, Hey, let's play 16 inch. We should bail the shot. You guys should bail. Because if we win tonight, the next game is next Thursday. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You can't do that. Gotta Bail. You gotta bail. Throw it. You gotta bail. You bail now so that you can at least let the other guys not have to show up. Like don't bail and not tell anyone. Just bail. And they're already in that group chat right now. They're already playing after. If we won tonight, it'd be a doubleheader. So the team that we're playing is, is only gonna like, they're still playing tonight. Max. Tell them, tell them I, I demanded to bail. What's your team record? Where we have o for the season?


Oh, for you haven't won A game. Well, Thursday nights, game nights. They did Thursday nights in the summer. Which is an impossible thing to do Up. Been to one game. You haven't won a game. We had A full team one time. Yeah. You guys should never have done Thursday nights in the summer. So We're thinking like Thursday nights we'll play some games, drink some beer. No, it's a Tuesday or Monday thing. 'cause it's summer. So then you drink the beers on Tuesday was crazy. Thursday or Monday or Wednesday. But wait, If, you If you win this game, you make the playoffs. We're in the Playoffs. Everyone makes the playoffs. Everyone makes the playoffs. This is the playoffs. Oh yeah. Just bail off what If. you won It all. What? If. you guys just fucking won it all. You gotta, you gotta throw this game. It's not even fun. 12 inch softball is just like a glorified t-ball. Wait, how does, how does, I agree. That's why 16 inches is far superior.


How does the team have a double header if it's the playoffs? I think we're in the play in schedule. Oh. Oh Wait. But how did, what do you mean there? So you could have a doubleheader tonight? Yes. Ah, That's what I'm saying. So if we forfeit, the team's gonna play. But if the team, because the team could just go on, just play the next game. Right, right, right, Right. You either gotta bail so We're not like fucking Or you gotta win it all. Yeah, no, yeah, just bail. This is a no brainer Bail. They're gonna still get to play softball tonight and they don't have to get there at seven o'clock. Hank How about, let's get, how about you get Joe on the, on the, on The line there. Ab add me to the, add me the group text. Add me the group text. A live Joe's Joe's call Will be funny. No. Add me to the group text. Add me the group text. Add me the group text right now.


Alright. PFT My fire fest of the week is I'm on a diet. Yeah. And I have to go on a diet during football season. And it's not fun. It's not fun at all. There's no I diet off off season. There's no good time. There's no really good time to diet. But this is maybe, maybe the worst time of year to diet. And I'm trying to, so I went to the doctor, doctor told me cholesterol is a little bit high. I would not be dieting during football season if it wasn't like, okay, you gotta bring this number down, but I have to. And so I've been eating super healthy And. it sucks. It sucks Eating healthy. I had, I had buffalo cauliflower the other night. Everybody was like, you're gonna, you're not gonna miss chicken wings. Guess what? I fucking miss chicken wings. I kind of like buffalo cauliflower.


It's not the same. It's not the same. It's not the same If. you look, you Just look At it as something different. It's, it's, it's kind Of good. And everyone always tells you, oh, there's ways that you can eat healthy and still enjoy your food. That's not true. It's not true. You can't, all the good stuff in the world is bad for you. All the bad stuff in the world is good for you. Or all the bad tasting stuff is good for you. All the good tasting stuff is bad for you. No, just eat, eat no carbs. That's the way I do it. But I love carbs. I don't have a fucking model of health. I love carbs. I know. But that's the only way to lose weight is just go no carbs. Well, It's not that I'm not trying to lose weight. Yeah. I'm trying to, trying to bring down the, the cholesterol. Cholesterol. Cholesterol. So just eat bacon. Does that do it?


No, I don't Think so. All I know about cholesterol is that, listen, I don't, I don't see a doctor. I take care of my cholesterol. I have a fucking bowl of Cheerios every morning. Yes. I started to eat like oatmeal, steel, cut oats, all that shit. Yeah. It's not fun. There's no fun in it whatsoever. And it's, it just sucks. 'cause I'm gonna, on Sundays we eat junk food all day long. Oh. We eat, we eat junk food. We eat. And I'm gonna have to be the guy in the office that brings in like a Tupperware thing of, of tuna and avocado literally will Never happen. Never happen. And If you do. Honestly, I'll fight you. Yeah. You should. No If, you bring in a If, you might bring it in. Hold on, hold on. Like I, I Hold on. Time, time, time. Sunday. If I bring in a health Sunday, Sunday And I get slapped, I'm going to be like, yeah, I deserve that.


No, No. If. you bring in a Tupperware of tuna fish on a football Sunday, you're done. Well, I'm not eating it in the room. No, but I'm saying just bringing that like Monday through Friday. Yeah. It's over. I know You can't do that. And, And, and then so what, what happens is I, because I complain about, I don't Think you understand that you can't do that. I get it. I get it. No, but you keep pretending like, pft, that would be no different than me being like, Hey PFT, I've just committed five Murders. I'm gonna sneak Out. Can you help me? I'm gonna have to sneak out to the car and eat my healthy food and shame. I can't help you. It's bad. It's bad. And, and people complain because I, I have the take that there's no good food. That no food that's good for you.


That actually does taste good. And then everyone's like, actually you can eat steak all you want and be super healthy. Yeah. No carb. Is that true that you can just eat steak all the time? Yes. And if the only thing you eat is steak Yes, you'll be Yes. Your Fat levels will go down. Yes. 100% true. People don't do not mess with sundaes. There's no dieting on football Sundays. That's not a thing. I might just fast. We don't do. That's fine. Might just fine. If you don't eat. That's Fine. I might just Not eat. But you don't get to eat healthy shit around us when we're stuffing our face with everything else. I might, I might just not eat that much. That's fine. If not eating is a choice that you can make. But If, you bring a Tupperware of tuna and avocado. Yeah. It's bad. It's on site. It's Bad Because then you're gonna make everyone else feel bad and that's not okay.


That's what I'm saying. I'd have to go off's a to the car and eat it in shame. Sunday's A safe space. What if I just do like two slices of pizza? That's fine. It, it's, that's Pretty much a Diet. It's you bringing other things like healthy food. If, you bring a Tupperware on a Sunday, you're, you're an asshole. If we get pizza, You could even order a salad from the pizza place. I wouldn't, I wouldn't say shit to that. Can there be It's the Tupperware. That's the problem. Now I want pizza. Could there be, can we have one thing that is the color green on the pizza? Yeah. Okay. Peppers. That's healthy. Yeah. Stink. Alright, we're, we're update on the group text. But I Am gonna have a six pack by the Super Bowl and we're gonna be the best shape of Our lives. Oh, I am too. Adding in my friend Dan from work, I said, Hey guys, Dan from work here.


I think we gotta bail tonight. I'll be the first to say it. I'm out. And then Tom Lay said it's the playoffs Dan. Yeah, I know. But we can't make it. Sorry guys. Great season My hero. Okay. My fire fest is simple. I, I for Thank you everyone who watched Doug's streams, we won a Natty on Wednesday night. It was took me seven years to win a natty. But my fire fest is, there was a point we played in an incredible semi-final game. And in the overtime I scored, first kicked the extra point.


UNC scored second kicked the extra point. UNC went, went third scored didn't get the two point conversion. I then scored, was getting ready to do the two point conversion. And the game gave me the option to kick the extra point. And I did. And it's the only thing I regret. 'cause now a lot of people say asterisks no matter what they say. Sliders, even though I show the sliders, I wish I had just gone for two. So when you kicked the extra point, they didn't get their two point conversion. They didn't get their two point conversion. The rule in in college football is then I still have to go for a two point conversion. Yeah. When I pulled up the screen, it gave me the option to kick the extra point. I kicked it in one. Some may say you should probably take it up with the A developers, not me. By The rules of of the video game you won.


Correct. But by the rules of college football, you did a play. That doesn't count. I did, what I did was I gave the haters a spot. Yeah. To do an asterisk. Yeah. Which they were gonna do anyway. But I was gonna be able, I mentally and even Max said that he was gonna get in the chat and say asterisk. I wish in the moment memes that you had stopped me and said, Hey go for two anyway. We gotta get the win you got. We had to get the Win. You should hang the banner, the championship banner that you make for yourself should just be a giant asterisk. Take it back. I'm fine with that. I'm fine with that. Yeah. Max memes. You guys got a fire fest. If. you don't have one. It's okay. I do. I have a Oh, let's go. I have a doozy. I have one that may not. I know that.


How you guys are gonna spin it, it uhoh and it's gonna look bad on myself. Uhoh. We would never do that. Did you clog another toilet? No. I'm gonna start this by saying I love dogs. Oh. Oh. What you do Max. Oh, I'm gonna start this by saying I love dogs. Okay, good that you've got that out there. I'm gonna You Love fucking dogs first. First and foremost, I love dogs. Okay. I've moved into a new apartment this week. Yeah. I've been talking about my struggles with that. That in itself is the biggest fire fest that'll be going on for at least another month. You moving is the worst thing in the world. You got A long Weekend. And it's also, I have a wedding four out of every four outta the next five weekends.


It's crazy. How many weddings? This guy's gotta go to A million weddings. I go to sleep my first night there or I go to sleep my first night there. I wake up six 15 In the dog's bedroom. Howling a, a howling dog that gets anxiety when his owner, when his owner leaves. Right next door. Right next door. Six 15 on the dot every single day. Have you met the dogs on? Oh no. I have met the guy. Very good guy. I've met the dog. Good dog. What type of dog? I think it's, it's gotta be, I don't, I don't know Size.


What size. Give us a description of the Dog. Medium dog. It sounds like you didn't get the dog. Dog. It's a medium sized dog. It sounds Like you didn't pet the dog. It sounds like You, you can't describe the dog. It's a medium sized dog. Okay. So what does that mean? Anything? I don't know. It's like, not like a, like a toy dog, but it's not like a lab. Stella. Yes. Kind of stella size. Okay. And it's just, it, it's an issue. What Color is the dog? It has woken me up at six o'clock every single day. And I'm just anxious that for the rest of my time in this apartment. Yeah. No, you're fucked. I'm gonna wake up at six o'clock. 'cause it's not something you can complain about. You can't like go to Well You could, But what's the solution? There's no solution.


The guy leaves for work and the and the dog gets anxiety about the guy leaving for work. What if the guy Howell cries? Howell cries. I got a solution for you. What If? you just make such good friends with the dog that you offer the guy, Hey, I'll take your dog for a walk in the morning if you'd Like. We talked about that. But then I still have to get up then we still have to get up at 6:00 AM Wait, No. What if he just opened your door and just left? Let the dog run in. I just leave my door wide open. Well, You give him a key and then he drops his dog off with you when he leaves. But Then the dog would just come. And what Is the dog? I thought about all of these Options. Is the dog a crate? Is the guy single? I have no idea. So the the, the easy option is whatever wall you share with him, which is what? The bedroom wall? Yes.


He should put it, he, you get the dog a crate and put it in in the far wall. I think it's a studio. Oh. So it's one room. Because I, I looked at the, you know when you get out of an elevator, there's like a fire escape thing that shows all the, all the layouts. I'm pretty sure it's a studio. So this has been every single morning. Every morning since I've moved in. So Then you gotta just tell Well I haven't had, I haven't had A weekend. Alright, here's an idea. Alright. Which I, which I think will be, Here's an idea. Do we, do we think the guy's a listener? No. Okay, great. Perfect. We gotta figure out where he works. We gotta get him fired. That's easy. That's good. We gotta get him fired. Good.


Yeah, that Sounds good. Because then he won't have a job and then he'll be at home all the time with his Dog. Or is he, is he a single guy? I met when I met him, he was by himself with the dog. So It's just him in that apartment. If I had to guess. Yes. So he Couples don't move into a studio. Yeah. You need to get him a girlfriend. Yeah, we gotta hire a prostitute. Yes. Pretty woman. We've seen the plot of that movie. That's not a bad idea with Your gear. She probably works nights. That's not a bad idea. She'll be around in the morning prostitute Girlfriend or get him fired. I go to actually work in conjunction. I kinda like the idea of Max just giving the guy a key and saying, I'll look after dog in the mornings. Let him into my apartment Go. But that doesn't, doesn't say that. That doesn't help my problem. Like the dog. No, it's not gonna howl. It's Got what about it's Got separation anxiety.


but It but it's still gonna wake me up. No, Luckily It's only for like five minutes and then the dog and then the dog's quiet and I can go back to bed. But it's still like waking up at six 15. Everything earplugs. Yeah. That, that's sound. Sound machine. Sound machine is our, it was our first. Okay. Sound machine earplugs also maybe like make a hole in between your apartments and have a dog door. Yeah. I don't know how that would work. There's a real give there's an easy solution that I don't want to do 'cause I'm stubborn about it. Show The dog Max. What the fuck? I moved into a two bedroom. I could just like, it's the master that has two closets and a bathroom in it. Yeah, no, I could just go into The second. you don't wanna get into, you don't wanna get bullied out by exactly That. That's exactly, that's exactly what I'm thinking.


You Can't do that then, Then I'm just like succumbing to the situation. No, then The dog wins. I don't know if that was the right word, but I used it Then the dog wins. So Max, you're, you're a big Eagles fan. Have you thought about just wearing Mike Vick jerseys all the time around him and then seeing what the guy, maybe he moves out. Nope. This explains why you've been yawning. I it stuck. It's, I I just said sucks. It sucks. It stinks And. it sucks. Yeah, It sucks. Stock. Imagine Max though. Like wearing sunglasses a big like bright green Philadelphia Eagles. Mike Vick jersey knocking on his door and be like, Hey, your dog's giving me some problems in the next, I thought about how frustrated I'm gonna be after the first like NFL Sunday when I get home at three 30 and the dog and I just wake up two and a half hours later to this dog.


Just how, like when I say howling, like I feel bad for the dog. Every like scream, crying. Yeah. Like, you know the sound of of like a And it's, and it's loud And. it doesn't stop. It just like, oh. Oh no. Like for five straight minutes Max can I put you on some game real quick? What's that? Alright. One thing I've been doing recently and I love, I got this. Oh yeah, you have told me about about that. Yeah. I got the, at nighttime I got a blindfold that I put on to go to sleep that has these earphones in 'em. They're like Bluetooth earphones. So you can play like a podcast, you can play a video on YouTube. You put your phone, plug it in on the nightstand and you can listen to it as you fall asleep. And, it doesn't fall out.


It doesn't hurt your ears. It's like very comfortable If. you have something going in your ears like that. You might not hear the dog in the morning and when your alarm goes off, it'll play the alarm sound in your ears so you don't have to worry about missing your alarm. Yeah, that's nice. Or you could kill the dog. I'm not gonna kill the dog. You, you want to kill the dog in The I'm not gonna kill. And did The thought cross your mind? No. No. You have definitely thought. Yeah. You've thought about It. No thought about you. Deep dark, dark down. Thoughts? You've thought about it. No. No. Hey, who's the guy who that clip where he is? Like more, more a hundred more 500 more. Isn't that the cabin Cat? Oh that was Michael Cohen.


Yeah. Oh yeah. And someone asked me how many plays I'm gonna add this. I thought that was the beer beers thing. No. Yeah. Well I'm gonna automatic. Someone asked me how many, how many. I thought same thing plays. I'm gonna add on Saturday. College chicks automatic. Alright, memes. You got anything? My apartment door keeps getting stuck because apparently when it's so humid out, wood expands. That's a fact. Yeah. So I had to lube up my door with Vaseline for like 30 minutes. And, it still gets stuck. Use Vaseline. Yeah. That's what my building manager told me. Not WD 40. No, he said use that still gets stuck. Oh, so you can't get out. Yeah. Or can't get in. What's Harder?


Can't, can't get in. So it looks like I'm breaking into my apartment every single time. I love that. Damn. That's worse than a dog. Yeah. Max hates dogs. Love dogs. Shane. What's up Shane? Do you see softball got canceled? Said Did you see softball got canceled? They said update. They said some, some number. I don't have said just, just send us pug and keep the other four. And I said okay. Deal. And they said, oh shit. Wait, pug is outta town back to canceled. So we're canceled. Is Tom Lynn as friends? Right? That's the problem. Yeah. Yeah. And we've forfeited so many times that I think it's the, the biggest problem is I think it's an awkward conversation for the guy who, because the guy asked us last week, will you be able to fill field a team this week?


We said yes. Who? Like the league manager. But You're never playing in this league again. I know. That's what I, that's what I'm thinking. We're out League manager. If you're a listener, hit me up. Yost. He, he will be happy to get Yost.


Yost. Yo. Hit me up a hundred dollars free gift card to stella blue.com. Sell coffee.com. All we, we figure this out.


All right, numbers 3 21 8 56 21 90. That 90 looks like 90, 90.