
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We have a twofer for the people. We have our good friend, Kirk Herb Street, on the show to Tuck college football playoffs. We also have incredible Actor Paul Walter Hauser on the show. Big fan of his pf T's a big fan of his. Oh yeah. We're gonna talk everything with him. We have Hot Seat, cool Throne. We're gonna talk Monday Night Football. Unfortunately, we're gonna do FAQs, some great FAQs from the listeners. We got a max update on his foot, and it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings


from Monster Slams to draining threes of the buzzer. Watching our favorite NBA players is the gift that keeps on giving and playing. Pick six from DraftKings, an official partner of the NBA A is a way to take a shot, even more cash prizes. It's super simple. To get started, select two or more players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat, like points rebounds, three pointers and more. Track your picks for a shot of huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including California, Texas, Georgia, Missouri, and more. And speaking of gif for all first time, pick six players. Check this out. New customers play $5. Get $50 in pick six credits. The fun of the NBA season continues the simplest way to play. For a little shot To win big pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now and use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5, get $50 in, pick six credits. Happy holidays from DraftKings. Pick six. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 30 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go. Football Guy. A Tyson. Yeah, my take.


Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. The fun of the NBA season continues with the simplest way to play. For a shot to win big pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5, get $50 and pick six credits. Happy holidays from DraftKings. Pick six. The Crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, December 18th, and I don't even know what to say. I'm sorry that you're going through this and I'm sorry, that really what I'm sorry that we're all going through, through together is, wait, are you talking about the Bears? Yeah, I'm Talking about the Bears. I don't know what to say. Okay. I dunno what to say. I'm sorry that they keep putting the fucking bears on national television. Yeah, it's prime time. It's, they've beaten it all outta me. Like there's, I couldn't have, lemme start with this. I could not have been more wrong with everything I said this summer. I've said it. I've, I've, I've copped to that many times, but let me just do it one more time just so that people hear it again. I could not have been more wrong.


I got so excited. I got so hyped that things were gonna change. Nothing is going to change with this organization. It will always be this way. They will always be based on bad fundamentals and hoping to get lucky from time to time and nothing done the right way. And I, I'm now officially worried that like Kle Williams might be like, I need to just, I need to be traded because I still have hope for Kle Williams. He's looked bad. He, he did not look good on Monday night. But he also, like, everything is broken.


The offensive line is so much worse than I expected. The defense without Ebra flu is now, which is a very funny, like twist, you know, knife twist. That the defense was being held together by Eber Flu. Should Matt Ebra flues be Coach of the Year? Maybe the, I don't know how they ever won four games. This was supposed to be year three of a rebuild that was going to do things the right way and change the course of this organization. It is nowhere close to that. It is closer to year one of the rebuild than it was, than it is. Year three. We've gone completely backwards. I don't know. There's nothing, there's no path forward because the owners are gonna be the owners.


George McCaskey sitting there staring, thinking in his head like, oh my Mommy's gonna be so mad at me when I get home. She's gonna say, she's so angry. These owners do not care about winning football games. They do not care about running an organization the correct way. They are a joke. They have all but ruined their golden goose. Because I think I speak for a lot of the fans where it's like, this is, this is just time and time again. We get to this point of the season where we're on a nationally televised stage and the team is an embarrassment, an absolute embarrassment, top to bottom embarrassment. And I don't know how much more I can take it. I don't know how much more a lot of people can take it and nothing's gonna change because now they're stuck with a spot where they need a coach.


They have a GM who I like personally. I like Ryan Polls personally. I've, I've made that clear. I don't think he's good for the job anymore. Not only because the team has gone backwards, but it feels like he has no power. And also, he was probably the person who hired Matt Iber flu and kept him around. And that is an egregious, egregious miscalculation, especially the keeping him with Caleb Williams. Ryan polls should, should go. And then with Ryan Polls gone. Kevin Warren is now in charge and he's a fucking doofus. So I don't really know what to do. We need, we should start, we should start fresh. They should fire Ryan Poles and Kevin Warren and start completely fresh.


They won't do that. They'll either keep Ryan Poles and Kevin Warren, fire Ryan Poles. Keep Kevin Warren. And it's just gonna be a mess. And nothing's ever gonna change. And I told Max and and memes this earlier, I'm officially retiring From ever getting to a 10 outta 10 excitement for the Chicago Bears until something changes. What changes? Because Anything ownership, probably Anything could change. We, we were talking about it this summer. I was a 10 outta 10 excited. I will not let myself get a 10 outta 10 excited. That doesn't mean I'm not gonna root really hard for them and want them to do well. I'm not going to get, let myself get 10 outta 10 excited ever again until it's proven on the field that something has changed.


So, like Max said, what if you hire Vrabel? My response would be that's that's good. Yeah. Right. It would be. What about Ben Johnson? That seems good. You hire Mike Vrabel to coach the defense and Ben Johnson to coach the offense for the Bears. For the Bears. Oh, that's pretty good. See, I just went to Pretty, that's six. What if you start Seven and Oh, next year? We'll see. It probably won't last. Lovey Levy's last year. I think we started 7 0 8 and one. What if he start for Cliff five and two this year? Nope. Pretty good. They almost did start five and two this year. Yeah, no. That, that was mean From No, I know what he was doing. I know what he was doing.


What if, what if you got a new stadium done and it's perfect. I Mean, Kevin Warren's not gonna do shit guy's a fucking doofus. What if, And Ryan Polls is not, I mean, he, this roster is so bad. Like it's, I thought they were so much better. I was blinded. I'm stupid. I'm a moron. I weapons, I was wrong. Weapons, but no offensive line. Defensive line's, bad coach sucked. Caleb's a rookie quarterback. He's been up and down the, even the littlest thing of firing Matt ifu, which I wanted. And you had three games in a row where you had fired Shane Waldron, Thomas Brown had went upstairs to be OC Caleb had looked good in those three games.


It was the Packers, the Vikings, and the Lions game. So there was, it was obviously hit or miss, the first half of the Lions game. Not great. But he had, he had had moments where it looked like Ball getting out faster. Everything's kind of looking a little bit better. Then they put Thomas Brown on the sideline. I don't know if that matters, but it feels like you had one thing that was going a little bit. Well, a little bit. Well, not even good. A little bit. Well, and you changed it. Okay. What if you hire Ben Johnson? Mike Vrabel, Jamis Winston backup quarterback. Oh, that's nice. If you score in the first half. Oh wow. That won't, that won't, that won't stay. You trade for Kyle Shanahan.


We Haven't scored in the first half in fucking years. What if the Bears said, we heard a real smart idea out there from our friend Big Cat via Troy Aikman via Mike Florio. And we traded for Kyle Shanahan. He's now our head coach and he is bringing Trent Williams, Whatever. It's fine. We'll see how it happens. This, this is Bad. This is sad. I've never seen you down there. No, because I, I, the biggest mistake I made was getting excited when nothing has changed structurally, foundationally, essentially the, the, the hou the foundation of the house has been decaying and rotting for a very, very long time. And it's been going especially fast since George McCaskey took over the team.


And what happened this summer is the, the rotting house with termites. They got a new paint job. And I was like, holy fuck, this house looks incredible. This is gonna be the greatest house ever. I can't wait to live in it. And then I got in it, and the wall and the, and the floor started falling and I fell through the floor and I was like, this sucks. It's the same as same as it always was. So, And you fell into the termite now? Yeah, I'm now, I'm now I've been hurt enough where it's just like, dude, just, just be, just realize that unless there's sustained change and sustained progress on the field, if they put together multiple winning seasons in a row under this ownership, then maybe I'll be like, oh, something's different.


But even one year of winning in a row or one year of winning under this ownership probably won't last because they'll fuck it up. So You're not even excited with one winning season? No, because they'll fuck it up long term. That's what they do. They it is, it is broken from top to bottom. We got embarrassed. I mean, fucking Doug Kramer again. How do we do that again? Yeah. Not being told to report as eligible. When you're In the backfield, dude. Yeah. You get, put your job, here's your job, you stay on the sidelines, and then they tell you occasionally on a goal line sprints onto the field because you're gonna play offensive line here or you're gonna play fullback here to not go up to the ref and report. That seems, it seems ridiculous. Jalen Johnson, who is one of the like, last guys who cares and is really good on this roster.


They forgot to put the c on his chest on Monday night football. They is like, oh yeah. That was just a, a error in An oversight. Yeah. The only guy who deserves to be captain, you took his captainship away accidentally. They're just, they're an organiza they're a non-serious organization that has no attention to detail. No. Like, it just doesn't run the way an organization should. Listen, I hope they get a good head coach. I will be rooting for them to get a good head coach. I'm just not going to let myself get 10 outta 10 excited until something major changes. And I'll get six outta 10. You'll say I'm, I'm, it's not, it's not like I'm changing how I'm rooting.


It's just changing how I'm, I'm thinking optimistically about the future. I'll never let myself get optimistic about the future in a way that I got this past summer. Yeah. The problem with shitty owners is that they're very good at instilling hope in people. And they do that in a variety of ways. They usually get people that are very excited to step into different jobs, whether that's head coach or in the front office, team President, gm, whatever it is. You can, you get excited about those people in the short term because they seem different. They seem like they know what they're doing. They seem like they have it all put together. But at the end of the day, you feel bad for those people that take those jobs because they realize what you've always known, which is this is an impossible job to succeed at. Yeah. It's impossible. You can, you can go into it with the best plans that you have, but at the end of the day, there's gonna be something over your head that's fucking you up the entire time until that thing is gone.


Then those good hires that you make, I, I still think Ryan Polls was a good hire to make. I think there are a lot of teams that would probably like to have Ryan Polls working for them. I dunno if he'll get a GM gig next if he does leave the Bears, but he'll be back in the front office, work his way back up. But he was a qualified candidate. He was a good candidate. And guys like those, they will continue to be hired by the Bears at times and then continue to not be able to do their job. Right. Not be allowed to do their job. I mean, he, he also, I mean, he had, he had three year rebuild and we're, we're nowhere, we're nowhere close to a rebuild. Your offensive line was so bad last night. So bad. So bad. And Caleb's been bad. I'm not, I'm not gonna say, oh my God. Everyone's fault. Well, they are faulting. Caleb is an organization, but Caleb, I think he's, I'm, I'm worried that this has now like, gotten in his head because he's getting sacked so many times and he's scared to throw like that one where R Dunay was opening in the middle of the field.


That was just Justin Fields's, miss Trubisky flashbacks, where it's like, this is happening again. Caleb Needs to get his groove back. Here's a advanced statistics for you here. Lytics cable Williams with painted fingernails four and three without painted fingernails. Oh and seven. Yeah. He needs to paint his fingernails Again. He, he lost his mojo. It's like when you see the killer whale in captivity and their fin is drooped over. Yeah. It just all sucks. I don't know what else to say. It all sucks. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna stop rooting as hard as I root. I'm just going to stop letting my hopes ever get up again. That's the difference.


That's where the change is. And A lie. Why? Because I mean, we'll, we'll revisit this in, in, I don't know, August or whenever they hire a new coach. Yeah. And then, you know, there's some good reports outta camp. So when I say pretty good, Caleb, we'll see. Will you be upset if I say we'll see? No, not At all. Okay. I mean, it'll be boring, but I think I have to do that. I have to do that for my own mental health. I have to say, we'll see, We will be revisiting this clip. That's a promise. This is post-loss clarity that he has. Correct. But this has also been like, it's just years and years of this bullshit. And it's like that game on Monday night Football was a game I've seen a million times.


It's flashbacks to just like, you know, the end of the trust and error when they were on a Monday night football game and they were just ripping everyone. And then I, I went to this game. I was telling Eddie and those guys were at the game and they asked me if I wanted to go. And I was like, no, I've been to that game. I went to Mitch Trubisky, John Fox's last game as a Bears head coach when Mitch Trubisky was a rookie. And we got killed by the Vikings. I was at the game in Minnesota. Like this game happens every year. So I just, it's over. Vikings are great. Vikings keep rolling. Vikings are Kevin O'Connell's just, he's Coach of the year, in my opinion. He's, I mean, think about what he's done.


He, Kirk Cousins fine quarterback. Mm. We, we all think he made Kirk Cousins what? They win 11 games that year. Last year. Obviously things fell apart. He kind of tread water with Josh Dobbs this year. Sam Donald, who's been thrown to the trash pile a few different times. He's made him playing at elite level. Like this is why, in a weird way, I know that we talked about the Sam Donald situation last week. Like what do you do with Sam Donald? I don't think they can make a mistake because they have Kevin O'Connell. Yeah. I think like JJ McCarthy will be fine. 'cause Kevin O'Connell's the coach. Yeah. But I, I still think you gotta keep Sam, I think you have to keep Sam, how much better could Sam Donald be playing right now than, than he already is? Like how, how much Better?


Well, it, it's money. It is what We're talking about. But let's just say he keeps playing like that. Yeah. He's worth that money. Right. Right. But The, the, the argument, the counter argument is JJ McCarthy's getting paid a million dollars a year because he was, he's a rookie. Right. And you could beef up everything else in all the other holes and that's how you win a Super Bowl. But I, listen, I just Think, I mean, as good as he looked in the, in the preseason to expect that he would be able to step in and play at the same level Sam's playing at next year. Like he might be very good. We don't know, but like Sam has played at to the peak of his ability this year with like one or two exceptions. Yeah. It's just a rookie contract deal. Yeah. That you're trying to win on that window. I just think I wouldn't take that chance. I think Kevin O'Connell's just so good that it doesn't matter. And yes, Kevin O'Connell and the Vikings GM were hired in the exact same cycle as Ryan Polls and Melu.


He is a very good coach. Like a week after, like the Bears made the first move. All right. You don't, I'm just, you're a guy. You don't know NFL details. Now you do. It's context. I'm just providing context. Memes Are just saying that exact stat back here. Yeah. Can you read it off memes? I gotta find the tweet. It wasn't a week after The Bears hired. Yeah, it was, it was. Both things happened. Bears did the first move, then the Vikings counter move was a better g and a better head coach. Oh, Cody Bellinger got traded to the Yankees breaking moves. What did he get traded for? Probably nothing. 'cause they wanted to get rid of his cash. I don't see any details on there.


Do we click it again? Let's see. Full trade Cash. I was right about that. Cash Go to cash to the New York Yankees. Right hand reliever. Cody Pote Pote goes to the Cubs. Yep. Cash. There you go. Pote. Okay, so Cash. I have the tweet Cash. Okay, go ahead. Memes A timeline. January 25th. This is the 2020. The most animated memes has ever Been. I mean, I can't get mad because I listen, I every I make fun of other teams. This is memes. You deserve this. A timeline. A timeline. January 25th, 2022 Bears Hire, Ryan Polls. January 26th, 2022. Vikings hire Sai afe.


Mensa probably fucked that up. January 27th, 2022 Bears hire Matt Eber flus. January 16th, 2022. Vikings hire Kevin O'Connell. Damn. Do you know what's probably gonna happen if I had to guess is that we're going to do the head coaching interviews and they're gonna be like, Hey, are you comfortable with Ryan Poles? And and the person's gonna lie and be like, 'cause they want the job. They're gonna be like, yeah, that's fine. And then we're gonna fire Ryan Poles next year. And then, so that way everything's, then the coach has to fire, hire the new gm and Then the, well the new GM comes in and has to fire the new coach.


Yeah. After like a year. Yeah. The, the, because the, the new coach isn't his guy. We, we knew, we knew we were careening into a, the timeline is fucked up last year And we didn't change it. And we're doing it again this year where it's like you can just change everything the GM and coach and they won't do it. And again, I like Ryan polls a lot as a guy. I just think that this has gotten so far away from him and this roster's gotten so far away from where I I there's some mistakes that you just happen, but there's, I mean, you just, you can't have ever thought, like in retrospect, this offensive line was ever competitive. Yeah. If you had to put your finger on it, what's the biggest problem? Big Cat is the G gm. What if you're the gm? 10 outta 10? Yeah.


So you'd be back? No. Oh, if I'm the gm. Yeah. If I'm the gm, I try to Woo Virginia McCaskey Like sleep with Her. Yep. Okay. We Then we have a child. Okay. I don't think she can do that anymore. Okay. So then we adopt a child and Yes. Okay. So Virginia McCaskey and I get married, sorry to my wife and kids, I'm gonna have to get divorced for the better of the bears. For the city. For the city. So Virginia, McCaskey and I, we get married. Beautiful marriage, wonderful marriage. And then I say to Virginia, Hey Ginny.


That's what I call her. Okay. Hey Ginny, that's hot. I'm thinking about adopting. And she says, okay, we should adopt. And then we adopt Theo Epstein and he saves the bears. I like that. You like that? Yeah. Or you could adopt like seven homeless pit bulls and just lock her in a room with 'em. Listen, very nice lady. Is she Sure She doesn't let people, She's 101. I don't know if she could do anything mean. Yeah. Old people didn't do anything bad. Yeah, that's true. Here's the thing. She, she is a quiet lady. I don't even know if she talks, She doesn't let people wear bears jerseys or uniforms or, or logos or merchandise.


Yeah. In her box. She, I think she might have the worst box in the NFL. It's an all time fumble of a bag. Like you, you fumble the organization That was, was that, that Papa Bear bought for, you know, a bushel of blueberries and, and a and a 5 cent piece. Yep. And now we're here. So whatever. I don't wanna talk about it anymore. I I'm just no more Six outta 10. Six outta 10 is as high as I'll go in the excitement meter, Since I'm being tagged in it. I will respond to, to a question out there. Oh, great friend of the program, Ryan Fitzpatrick. Mm. He was, he was on x.com. The, everything happens all happening on X.


I saw that and I saw this. Do you see that? It said, name something worse than being a Bears fan. And his response was being friends with the Bears fan and having to listen to them complaint about the Bears. I wanna say that's not worse than being a Bears fan. Yeah. Also, like, I can confirm that it, it's not worse. My complaints are why a lot of people listen to this show. The Sickos imp perverts are loving the complaints right now. Hank is having the best time ever. Hank can you please remind PFT what happened that they basically lost to the Bears? They did. I mean that's Huh? Commies are good. They're in the playoffs. Wait, what? I mean, you're talking Wait, wait, wait, wait. You just, you love to do this. Like, but what just happening? I'm, I'm bigger than you.


I'm like, you basically lost to This team. I'm not doing 'em bigger than him. This, this has Nothing to do with commanders that's much bigger than this has nothing to do with the commanders. No. He went, the one wants I've, he went through The whole times. I've said whole new ownership. New ownership phase. Yeah. 'cause guess what I fucking lived it for. Yeah. Now look at me. It's in the Playoffs. No, no. It, It's true. When you, I I I experienced it directly that you have a fucked up owner that no matter what happens, they fuck everything else up. It's true. That's not me being bigger than, that's me just saying something. That's the truth. Max, what was that about you asking Hank to a Ask me? Well, Hank has been one to say that the commander's basically lost to the Bears.


But why, why don't you just Say that we're talking bears though. We're not talking, we're not Talking about the commanders. Also, I, multiple times over and over and over again on the record, no one wants to be the, well, no one wants the Bears to be more successful than me. Yeah. Also, I want the Bears to be good. I Also, I also don't hold any resentment towards Jayn Daniels. Drake May, Bo Nicks, Michael Pennix, JJ McCarthy. Because I really do firmly believe that no matter what the draft order went, it would've ended Exactly. Here. It would've edited. Exactly. Here you could have given us Drake May, you could have given us Jaden Daniels. You could have given us bow nicks. It would've, we would've been doing this exact same conversation. 'cause that's what the Bears do. That's what they do. This is the th third time in fucking seven years.


It's insane. It's crazy. Six years. It's crazy. Is it okay if I agree with that Max? Or would that be being bigger than Big Cat? No, you can agree. You can agree. Okay. It's, it's, it's Eagle's Commanders Week. I'm, I'm on, I'm on Commander's Alert. Okay. Respect. I'm On Commander's Alert. Respect. Alright, so the Vikings are great. Also. The, the good news is for Falcons fans, we like, I feel like the A team was on the Bears Vikings, and no one watched one of the most horrific games ever played. That game was so bad. I Didn't wanna watch either game. Both games were awful. But the Vikings and Falcons game was like, it felt there was two block punts. There was penalties everywhere. Kirk Cousins looked so bad. Desmond Ritter almost had a chance to win the game at the end.


Yeah. He had a drive where he could have got it done. There was an egregious roughing The passer call too. Yep. It was, it That was a horrific, horrific game played. So I, yeah, bad, bad. Monday night football. Bad, bad Monday night football. Vikings are really good though. Vikings are playing for the one Seat. Yeah. But again, watching bad football, it's a deposit into the bank. Yeah. And you always get rewarded. We did that last Thursday. What did we get? We got Bills, lions on Sunday. It was a great game. Could Have been better. It was a great game. Yeah. I mean, it was never really in doubt. It was a great game though. It was a great game. It was a fun game. Did you guys agree? I mean, this is, I I feel like I've stayed consistent. I didn't like the Vikings uniforms.


I've been consistent. I said it with the Packers. The, I'll just say it. The, the fucking a, the NFC North and the A FC North. I'll actually say the NFC East as well. I'll throw them in there. I'm trying to think what other divisions. Maybe the A FC East. Those divisions shouldn't do weird uniforms. I mean, the Bills are just wearing Patriot Surgeons this weekend. That is weird. They're wearing the white helmets. The Red Jerseys. Yeah. Like do the original. Why, Why did that game get flexed into prime time? I don't Fucking know. And then it is, and Then the next to the, into the Afternoon, it's four o'clock. And then next week we're playing on Saturday. Oh. I just don't think traditional team should do any types.


Like the purple helmets. If it was the white jerseys and the purple helmets, I'd be fine. Purple helmets are iconic. Yeah, I agree with you. Listen, it, it was, it was a weird look tuning into it. It was, it was just bad football last night. It's okay. We can turn the page on bad football. Yeah. Bad presentation. Everything was just rotten Kirk Cousins after the game was over though, they, they were talking to him on the sidelines. They were like, how, you know, how do you feel about this? He's like, you know, it's hard to win this league, yada, yada, yada. And they said, how do you feel about your play, Kirk? And it looked like he was gonna cry. Oof. I thought Kirk Cousins was gonna cry because he was like, clearly I'm not playing up to my standard. I think, I think they might make a change. I think so too. It might be pennix time. Yeah.


I mean, why not? Yeah. You're, you're, you're on the outside looking in and the Bucks have a pretty easy schedule coming up where I think they finish with the Saints and the Panthers and they play the Cowboys on Sunday night. I don't, I think the Bucks, like, if the Bucks went out, they obviously win the division. They're up a game. Yep. So maybe you wait one more week and see if you, you, you know, you're two games out and then you're like, all right, let's try it with Michael Pennix. But I agree. Time for the future. There's Something wrong with Kirk. I don't know what it is. Yeah, he is. Maybe he just got old. He's looked bad. He's Looked bad. But then we laughed at the Falcons on draft night. It might've been a good move. Yeah. Might've been a good move.


He's gonna be better than Kale Blooms. Everyone is. And then Kale Blooms, I think actually will go somewhere else and be awesome. I still believe in him. I still, I'm never gonna stop believing in him. Max, can we get an update on your foot? Foot's? It was a good update. Went, went to the foot doctor. I'm in a walking boot. I still can't walk without crutches. But my doctor said eventually within the next couple weeks, I will be able to just use the walking boot, which is big. Okay. So Nice. Then no surgery. He said You're not an athlete.


Very, Very minimal chance that I need surgery. Did you tell him that you were an athlete? I would think like less than 1%. I did not tell him I was an athlete. And how, how long till you get outta your, your, your Boot? I think you could tell How long till you get outta your boot. I get reevaluated in a month. And did he say you could possibly be out then? Yeah, possibly. Oh. Oh, that's huge. Possibly You need to get, you need to get outta that boot for Super Bowl. I think so. Then you can rebreak it on Bourbon Street. Don't. That was so fucked Right before the Eagle Super Bowl. Bowl. That was so fucked up that you just said that. Have you given your walkin boot a voice?


I've not. Does that Max? Does it sound like about Hey Max. Hey, you're stinky little toes inside you. Hey, to me, you Max. Hey Max, you're gonna to get so fun. Oh, Italy is a boot. Yeah. You got the, you got the entire country of Italy on your foot right now. Hey Max. Hey big. Why don't you get a couple, why don't you get a couple of meatballs. Put some meatballs in your sa Yeah. Warm up your, your toes with some meatballs and some sauce. Yep. Walking boot. Yeah. You gotta get out of it before a Super Bowl. Why? Because it will suck to be on in New Orleans in a boot. You don't want, you don't Is that specifically 'cause you think I'm gonna break it again? No, I want you to be out of the boot for the Super Bowl.


I wanna see you walking up those stadium steps. Boot list. Yeah. Feeling good in the pants. Yeah. We got a lot of football. I don't want You have to cut so much football. I want You have to cut your pants. Vikings are good. Vikings are very good. Tough. Climb up a, a greased up light pole with a walking boot on Max. Yeah. Vikings are really good. I do have one of my pant legs cut right now. It looks good. Yeah. People are stylish. Max, do you wanna say anything about Nick Siri getting Alpha by the D-line coach? No. That's just like the culture and that all the coaches feel comfortable enough to go up and have that conversation. Ah, yeah. With Nick Sirianni leader of Men, The way that he coaches his guys is that you can do that and then you can go back the next day and everything's all right.


'cause it's like brothers. Yeah. It's like when brothers fight, but it's at, it's at the end of the day, we're brothers and common goal of championships. Right. You see that all the time in Lions games. Yep. Well, all the assistant coaches going up to Dan Campbell looking like they're gonna strangle 'em, being like, you better get the fuck away from dad. Right. Because of all the Super Bowls. Dan Campbell on The Lion, you won. Oh, okay. By The way, Dan Campbell, I did love his speech. Oh, it was so good. I mean, the Lions, we have David Montgomery now out for the year, which is crazy. Like we knew the defensive injuries and they just added David Montgomery on that. Yeah. I think we'll be back for the playoffs though, correct? I don't know. I don't Don't think so. I think he has a torn PCLI That could have been me reading Pro Football Doc. I think they're getting some of their linebackers back maybe.


But it's, it's a bad scene. But Dan Campbell went on a radio show and, and he pumped everyone up. I don't know if you can find the clip, but it, listen, the lions are, there have been teams that have gotten this many injuries. The lions have a significant amount of injuries. I I, I have the stat. I don't want to be like, I, I, I see the constant tu and pull of Lions fans being like, but our injuries. And everyone's like, well, you're the first team to get ev ever get injured. Give Lions fans a little bit of, give 'em a little leeway because they do have an insane amount of injuries. I'm gonna think of them the same way I thought of the, the Ravens from like two seasons ago. Yeah. You remember that when they, they got so banged up that even their mascot towards ACL Yeah.


That was a bad season. And you can remember that Ravens team for being good, very good. But also Yeah. But injuries. Yeah. So the eight lions that are out for, or that are on ir on the defense rank among the top 40 defenders in total EPA, no other team has more than two in the top 40 and 52% of Detroit's defensive starters or direct backups are on ir. Yeah. That's a lot. Hear hearing Dan Campbell talk about it though? It did make me buy back into the lions. Yeah, of course he was. He was like, you know what, we, we got by on eating moldy bread for a long ass time. Now we're used to filet mignon. Guess what? That moldy bread was good for us. Yeah. We got through it. I think he said we got new guys.


We're gonna cut 'em loose. Yeah, they're gonna cut 'em loose. If we give up 700 yards and win by one, you'll see me smiling ear to ear. Yeah. He's the one you'd want to go to battle with with this type of stuff. I have another question for Max. Max. Do you think that Jalen Hurts has pretty privilege? I saw that. You see that? What discourse? What Is this? Yes. Dominique Foxworth said that Jalen Hurtz has pretty privilege. There's also another clip of, he's interviewing, I don't know if it's his wife or his daughter or something, but he, he's interviewing another woman and they're talking about how beautiful Jalen Hurts is and he's upset by the woman talking about how beautiful Jalen Hurts is. Yeah.


It's like hot chicks hate when guys are, I wish My was so hot. I just was gonna get brought up. But I wish I got more information on that follow up because it did, it did make me laugh because it, it made it seem like he just hates jail and hurts because someone in his life thinks that he's hot, Thinks that Oh, so The Clip you saw was Foxworth Yes. Interviewing somebody in his family. Yes. I I, This is like, it's like this could be an egregious count of fake news. It, it's like David Tepper and his wife going out to dinner with CJ Stroud. She loves CJ Stroud. So he is like, I'm gonna draft Bryce Young. Kind of Kind like that. Or it could have just been like a random person that he was interviewing. Let's see. Did you Mike just get out?


No. You I did that by accident, but yeah, this is it. Yeah. It's his wife. He's mad that his wife is thirsting for Can I play the clip? Yeah. Yeah. Play the clip. This is the pretty per Fumble, or Whose Tsch was being pushed? Alan's only T Oh, I wish it were me. Oh yeah, Yeah. Yes, yes. That's Very clear. All right. So when Foxworth brings that up, he is, there's there's some beef there. Yes. Yes. That's what I, that's the information that I gathered. Okay. So I didn't take it too seriously. Do you think that Jalen Hertz is pretty? Yeah, he's handsome as hell. I said pretty. I didn't say handsome. Pretty Privilege. Yeah. No, he's handsome. Pretty all the above. I wish he acknowledged his privilege. Sometimes we don't all get the same treatment that he gets.


That's true. That's true. Listen, hot quarterbacks like Josh Allen and Big Ben, you know, they, they get treated differently. You'd think the media would be nicer to Jake Haer. He should have pretty privilege. Yeah. Memes just AIed me so much on memes is on an AI binge right now. He is. You said Jay Kaner just reminded me. He's, he, he's on a generational run of ai. He really is. And, and also Max, you remember like maybe six months after you started on the show, you made the mark the remark that memes is obsessed with me. Memes is obsessed with you. Yeah, you're right. That's A fact. I looked at the light again. Oh, alright.


We, we got the best booth than the biz guys. We do, we do. We absolutely do. Should we kick it to ourselves? I gotta I gotta process this. Cody Bellinger. I feel like if they did the money For more Kyle Tucker money than it makes sense otherwise, the Cubs are just cheap. So wait, did, did the money go to the Yankees? No, the Yankees are paying the Cubs. Is that what it was? Yeah. The Yankees traded cash. I'm also, I've also seen a couple tweets now that said I would like to buy Cody petite stock. Oh, okay. So that Good, good. Let's Go. That, that could be good for you. Cubs are back. That's, that's all I really need To say. I think the Cubs are gonna go with just like, hopefully Kyle Tucker hits 45 home runs, No big at it. Suzuki hits like 30 and, And we, we win every game.


Two. Nothing. It says Cody Bellinger and Cash go to the New York Yankees. Oh, we're paying. So you're, you're paying the Yankees. Oh shit. 5 million. That's what I, it's Oh, but we're not, we're not, we're getting out of 20 million. Correct. You're saving money on You're only the long term. You're only giving five. Yeah. Yeah. Good investment. Yeah. That's According to Bob Nightingale, which Is sheep fucking sheep. Which is, you know. Yeah. Who knows. Okay, let's kick it to ourselves. We got Hot Seat Cool Throne. And then we got great two interviews coming up we have Kirk KB Street and Paul Walter Hauser. Okay. Hot Seat. Cool Throne


Holiday party fails can turn into a great story that ends with a toast over Coors Light Getting snowed in can turn into the ultimate movie marathon. It doesn't matter if the holidays don't go as planned. When you choose chill and then reach for a Coors Light. When you embrace a chill mindset this holiday, it's a good time to choose chill and crack. Open a Coors Light. Coors Light is mountain cold, refreshment, crisp and refreshing as the Rockies choose Chill this holiday season. And then reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibility. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado. Henry Coors Light The best. Love Coors Light. The Best holiday season. Yeah. It's holiday parties, ugly sweaters. I've got a, I got a Coors Coors Light that's out on my deck and I use it to monitor the temperature depending how blue the mountains are. I love that Last week, the Bluest Mountain I've ever seen in my life. Yeah, it was like an eaves. Klein blue is perfect. Yeah. So Celebrate responsibly course brewing company. Golden Colorado.


Hank Hot Seat. Cool Throne. My Hot Seat is Chris Hansen and NFL Red Zone. Not Chris Hansen. No. Scott Hansen. Chris Hansen. The, why don't you take a seat. Yeah. Why Don't take a seat over there, Huh? Yeah, Scott, that's, sorry Scott. They call it the pre zone. Did he Get now Chris Hansen? Scott Hansen got railroaded. No, but Chris by me and by, Let's stay on Chris Sen for a second. Chris Hansen, I forgot. Like he got, he got it reversed. He wasn't a pedophile, but he got it reversed on him that someone caught him cheating on his wife. And did the, you wanna take a seat over there? Oh, they caught him. What? I'm pretty sure that that was, I remember Guy, his StoryArt.


I remember the guy from Cheaters Was that Joey Greco that got stabbed on the episode of Cheaters? Yeah. On the boat. Yeah. Which might've been fake. I Believe it's real. That was real. I believe it's real. Yeah. So Chris Hansen, I believe, was caught having an affair with a colleague 20 years junior by a hidden camera and fired from NBC for it. That's, He was caught his own videotaped sting. Yeah. That's so funny. Wait. It was his own videotaped sting. It was like his show. He forgot the videos. Cameras. And The married NBC anchor was secretly filmed on a date with a blonde television reporter who has reported been dating for the past four months. Wow. I wanna get ahead of something. We had cameras set up in the studio on Sunday. 'cause Hank's doing the, the part of my take documentary. Yep. And there was like a, a camera that was in here while I was working on boomers.


And this was probably like, I don't know, five, 6:00 PM I forgot that the camera was there and that was on. And I, I farted real loud like nine times. Who cares? Like, times like nine Times. Dude, Who cares? By the way, Shane is on the sticks right now. 'cause Max is getting his, he, he, we, we already heard the update from Max, but Shane doesn't know how to work the volume. That was why the volume just turned on there. Shane. I I clicked on the video to try to pull it up and instantly just started playing. Wait, we're, we're going a bunch of different sidetracks, but I wanna stay on this real quick. Is, is there a reason Pug is not sitting where Shane is or we are. We still, He's working. Pugs working. There's a Documentary coming out. You're memes You're not still mad at pug. No, we're good. Okay. PFT you know what I I, you know what I'm gonna do for 2025 and I, I think this is, I don't give a fuck anymore.


Okay. Love that. Like Farts. I, I caught my, someone was like, you picked your nose on a stream the other day. I was like, dude, I picked my nose every fucking day. I picked my nose also when I was in this, sitting at this desk and I think after five minutes I looked at the camera. I was like, the camera probably just caught me picking my nose. Deal with it. Don't care. Don't care. This is Disgusting. But talking about farts, like, do you like when you have smelly farts and you're in the comfort of your own home? Oh yeah. Good. You like to just like fishbowl under the, under the covers. It smells good. Get, We want real comfort of our own homes. Yeah. Because I enjoy, I'm like the smellier. If I'm by myself, the smellier the better. This one's disgusting. I get excited. This is disgusting. But I do this, I'm wondering if any of you guys do this.


'cause I, I agree. You have to smell your own farts when you're in your car and you got a good one and you put on the heated seats to warm up the fart. Yeah. To really cook it extra. You Get it simmering a little Bit. Yeah. Give it a little extra juice. I've never done that. That's, that's the gross shit. I might start doing that. What I do sometimes is I'll turn the, the heater off. Yeah. When I fart that way it doesn't blow the smell away. Yeah. Right. So I can You wanna linger while, yeah. This is also fucked up. And I was thinking about this how I, in, in New York, I would like, if I had farts, I would on the train, I would just let 'em loose. That is fucked up. And then I would, I would be like, I, 'cause obviously no one's gonna like accuse random people in the subway, but I would always act like I smelt it too and be like, oh, Like who the fuck?


Yeah. Right. Disgusting. Oh, Gross man. Yeah. Basically like, you know, getting the, getting the scent off yourself because if someone else looks around and disgust, then you're also like, yeah, this is who The food. Yeah. That's the Worst behavior ever on a subway, Hank. Yeah. Yeah. It's bad on a subway. You don't Fart on a Subway elevators. But yeah, Hank you gotta smell your own farts. All right. So Scott Hanson Red Zone. I obviously, I don't blame Scott Hanson. There was no way this was his decision. But their entire tagline for years since the beginning of Red Zone Commercial, Get ready for seven hours of commercial free football. And on Sunday they ran commercials. They ran commercials. Now I feel a little Bad. They were like 30 seconds of commercial.


I do feel a little bad because this is, this is one of those blind spots for us where we're a little out of touch because we don't watch Red Zone anymore. We haven't watched Red Zone in years. We watch every game. We're, we're able to, we're lucky enough to be able to have every game on. And I wish I had known this to speak for the people on Sunday because this is bullshit. This is, you have a duty, and this is not Scott Hanson's fault. This is the people behind whoever sold these commercials, seven hours of commercial free football and you just completely rug pulled them. This is worse than HK Tua Who did nothing wrong. She's still sleeping. She's still, She's asleep. Is she still not made a statement? Oh, she did. Her statement was, Hey y'all, I'm kind of tired going sleep.


I'm gonna go to bed. See you tomorrow. Going to bed. All right. All right. Bye. Yeah. I, all right. So this is, it is bullshit because the Red zone is, it's supposed to be a sanctuary away from commercials. Correct. They market it as such. I don't know if I blame Scott Hansen. I think I might blame Scott Hansen because Jeff Dilo showed me a very interesting video the other day. Okay. He was asked to rank his top five red zone sayings like the Scott Hansen s sayings, Scott Hansen isms. He's claiming the witching hour as being his saying Mm. That Mike Francessa created that, as far as I know, Y Did you give it to him though?


No, I don't, I don't Know on part of my take, but I, I might Have. But like, I feel, I do feel like there was a time when you brought it up to him and then he started using it. Yes. Like that is definitely how I remember it as well. Yes. Like you, we you brought up the witching hour, witching hour witch. And he started saying, and then, then he started saying it And then I think, I think he tagged part of my take when he started saying Yeah. Oh, That's interesting. Yeah. Do you guys have a name for, I'm gonna call it like the three to 4:00 PM hour that happens when you get just like all the, all the games coming down to the wire and there're like four close finishes at once. Do you have a nickname for that? Yeah. Simply it's not really creative, but I call it the greatest single hour in sports television. Okay. The witching That out loud.


We call it the Golden, It's the witching Hour. Witching hour or Golden Hour. Witching Hour. The Golden Hour, right At Sunset Witching hour is we three To four here. We are talking before where we're talking before week one. I promise I will refer to it either as the witching hour or the golden hour at some point this season just for you guys. Yeah. I promise I will do that. That I remember it that way as well. So, So it was, so we're good. We're giving credit to Mike Francesa. Yeah. But he gave credit to us, but now the credit has faded away. So Are we, so we're blaming Scott Hansen. This is like an Al Capone. We got him for tax evasion. Yeah, yeah, exactly. So it's like, we're not saying that he's in trouble for the commercial free, we're just, we're we're lumping it all.


He's getting a Rico case right Now. All I'm saying is it never had commercials when Siciliano was around. That's true. That's true. This is, this is bullshit. This is Bullshit. I mean, what's next? Yeah. What if, if, if Red Zone's not gonna be commercial free, like what is next? Do people I struggle with Red Zone. That's all I'm gonna say. I've had this take before. I think it's too much. And I don't like, I like being able to watch, seeing all the games in the flow of the games. I mean, seven games a lot to follow. I Love Red Zone. I do. I just ca I It's Impossible for us though. It Is impossible For us. We're, we're, we're so far removed from the average fan in terms of watching NFL Sunday that Yeah. Like I don't even think we can really comment.


Yeah, no, you're right. You're right. I, I do. No one has seven TVs. Yeah, but no more with YouTube Tv. Now you can use, you can at least do four. You can do multiview. Yeah. But They only have sound on. Yeah. Yeah. I have a prediction. Hank's Asking. Oh yeah. Witching hour. He is looking for it. He's, he only recently started saying it in the last few years. What were you saying? I have a prediction. Hank asked What's next? Are they gonna start putting commercials in movies? Like we have product placement now that's been around, that's been a thing for a while. Yeah. Are they gonna have commercials like in the court? Like a 15 second break? Yeah, That Would be insane. What's next? Commercials and podcasts. I could see it.


I'm out. I'm Out. Coors Light Hot Seat. Scott Hansen. He should have, he he got it led to the Wolves. Imagine if he had, imagine if he, I I see it. Shane. Shane. Shane is, is crazy with the, with the computer in front of us. It's, it's too much. He, he's just going nuts. Imagine if Scott Hansen had like, walked out. Yeah. Vaden. Yeah. That A hero. It would've been a hero. Yeah. I mean, it would've sucked for him. 'cause he would've lost his job and a lot of money and like the best job in the world. But we would've respected him for that 10 minutes and then we would've gone on to the next thing. He would've had conviction. We, I would, I always love when people were like, yeah, you should just walk out. It's like, for what?


10 minutes of our respect. Yeah. We would've forgotten about if the second the bills and lions kicked off The sec. Like no, he would've walked off the set. We would've been like everybody. We would've tweeted about it. Yeah. Show respect to Scott Hansen and then Greg Rosenthal would've walked on the set. Yeah. And be like, we love Greg. Yeah. Oh yeah. This guy rocks. Yeah. Like Red Zone. They also could just done it without Scott Hansen and peop half the people wouldn't even notice. Yeah. Yeah. And my cool throne is shitty money grab fights involving one of the Paul brothers. Mm. Okay. What's going on? Conor McGregor tweeted that the rumors of about with Rio are false. I'm in preliminary agreements with the Emi Am Ani family.


Got it. To face Logan Paul in a boxing exhibition in India. I have agreed. I'll then seek my return to the Octagon. He's like a hundred years old. He hasn't fought in forever. He's just gonna do a boxing match for Logan Paul. It's probably gonna suck. How many times are we gonna fall for the, the Paul fights? I'm sick of it. Yeah. Like, I'm, I'm sick of it. This might Be the, so they fight someone who's actually like at the top of their game. I, you know what? I will boycott this fight. If I do watch it, if it's on it for free Netflix, It'll Netflix be A pirated Stream. I'll probably watch, I will, I will pirate the stream. It depends, but I will not, don't, don't, Don't box yourself In yet. I will not watch it on a legitimate stream because They could easily do this fight like on a Saturday at like 9:00 PM in like July.


And you sit usually like sitting on the couch and you're like, oh, I guess So. I'll pay for it. I'm with p ft. Yeah. If it's on a streaming Platform for free that I already have, I'm not gonna go as far as saying I won't. I I most likely won't. I most Likely won't. I'm not doing it. I'm not doing it. Likely won't. I'm gonna break the law. This is entrapment. You're forcing me to break the law. Mm. You can only push a man so far. That's Facts. Okay. PFT your Hot Seat. Good job Hank. Nice job Hank. Great job Hank. Thanks. My hot minus Scott, Chris thing. But that's okay. My Hot Seat is Doug Gottlieb. Mm. That was mine. Yeah. Doug Gottlieb on the Hot Seat. Our boy Adam Schefter reported yesterday that Sacramento State was in discussions to hire Mike Vick as their head coach, head football coach.


And along with that report, he also posted that Sacramento State has over $50 million in NIL money at their behest that they can contribute to building the program. And then Doug Gottlieb replied saying, Jesus hefty. But it was J-E-E-Z-U-S. That's how you know he is serious. Jesus hefty edit what agents tell you, 0.0% chance Sac State has 50 million in NIL. Hefty Did not take that laying down. No. He said the, the SAC 12 leading the school's, NIL efforts already announced. It reached its initial goal of raising $50 million in NIL funds to strengthen the school's case for an invitation to the PAC 12 or Mountain West Conference.


And Jesus, Doug, a seven game losing streak in the last place in the Horizon League. Less time on social media, more time in the gym. I give that round to Sheft. Absolutely. I give that round to Shef. You roasted. Now I I did see some fact checking of Sheft saying that the $50 million for Sacramento State is contingent on them following through on their roadmap and then being accepted into the Pac 12 down the line. So it's not like Sacramento State has $50 million laying around. Yeah. Someone's like, Hey, if you get us into the big conference, we will, we will give you $50 million. That's not $50 million right now. Yeah. But Doug Gottlieb, people forget. He's hosting his radio show and also doing a bad job coaching college basketball team.


Yeah. He's like the Travis Hunter of media And he's, yeah, I think he's Has he won a game in December because the famously it, beginning of December, Doug Gottlieb posted it's the most wonderful time of the year, and it was a meme December, 2024. And it just has like all the days color coded. And it's like December 2nd through sixth. Pretend to work December 9th through 13th. Don't even pretend anymore. Like nostalgia. Destroy your body with food and alcohol. This is a coach, a college basketball coach, and he did a meme being like, December's the time when we don't even pretend to work. I love that. Now, to be fair, he's had a gauntlet of a schedule.


So he's lost to Evansville Campbell, Cleveland State. He also, he also has done EY Poey. He, he's also Ey Poey. He's also, he's doing things like his way, I, I don't know the exact details, but I just saw it, you know, I, I just saw it like in, in glancing through like maybe a week ago, I guess his point guard or one of his best players was not playing his way The Gottlieb Way. So Gottlieb sat of steals, sat him for the entire game, even though they can't win a game right now. Yeah. He's like, until he learns how to play my way, he's not gonna play. Yeah. So he is doing like a Bobby Knight thing for Green Bay.


I like that. Credit. Credit to Doug Gottlieb. Maybe it's just not in the cards, Do you think Now, again, we love Shafty. He's our guy. That response definitely was because Doug Gottlieb wasn't so far off, I think, what's the old saying? Well, they get, Get sensitive Insiders. Insiders Get sensitive. The insiders get sent me lady, me, me think the lady doth protests too much. Yeah. Let them eat cake. Well, I think I, they do say that I think that Shef D is in high alert after the high jinks that was pulled by Mike Malarkey against Ian Rappaport. We should, we should talk about that again, because that's just such, such a dirty move and not hilarious at all that Mike Malarkey did.


That Did, did you guys see John Haman's meltdown? No. That also, like the insiders are having a really bad time right now. They're having a really bad time. John Haman went on WFAN and, and the host insinuated that he was getting a cut of Scott Boris's deals for reporting on it. And he had, he had a voice voice crack meltdown. Yeah. That's a no-no. Yeah. Which is like a funny, again, It's, it's just a funny thing to Say. All these guys are just so funny. 'cause they really just take, so they, they, they just cannot stand anyone poking fun of the idea that they're breaking news two seconds before the team does. So, so the insinuation here was that John And Sha the other day was freaking out about Jimmy Butler. Shams got, he got cooked by Jimmy Butler's agent too.


Yeah. Alright. But, but then he, he like lashed out too. Yeah. Got Standby. So Haman is being accused of getting money from Scott Boris Yeah. In a joking way. So it would play the end of it. You think Scott Boris would ever like, give any of his money to a Reporter? No. No. Hell no. Play the end of it. Let's see if Shane could do it. Maybe not that far. All right. Right there. No sound. Shane. Shane's getting cooked right now. Shane's getting cooked by the people. There's a lot of jobs in the sports world, especially, you know, being in it like the insiders has never seemed appealing in any way, shape, or form at any point.


No. It doesn't even matter when, when she gets these big contracts, it's like his, his life is so stressful. Yeah, yeah. There's no, there's no time when you're not stressed. I don't know how they're, how, how it's enjoyable. Yeah. The, the only joy that Leroy ever got outta breaking stories was the fact that he was beating the insiders. Yeah. And the insiders who like, make that their job getting beaten by a dog. Yeah. It's, it's, it's a crazy life. Alright, I'll, I'll pull it up because You Thank you. Right. Nowt believe it. Wait, wait. You're playing two things right now. Appreciate you're playing two things Clearly. Could have just ended the phone call Or maybe they were just talking over He's Shane, go back. Go back. I not expect to, yeah, John, go Back a little At some point there.


You, I think someone could, could probably drop it if they're a nice person. I what I think is it one, it it, it just like how I introduced you, everybody in baseball knows who you are. So one, it's a credit to your work you're following and how Yeah. By the way, I won't be going on with you again. The whole thing has been a disaster. He's crying. That's okay. I Can't even believe you said that to question my integrity. Are you being serious right now? I'm being serious. Yeah. John, look at me if I'm getting a cut because I, I I I have a relationship with an agent. It's outrageous. Well, I know you're not a journalist. You don't know anything about this. I know you get and you don't. But that's an outrageous comment.


It's, you should know that It's Friday night at eight 30, John, you should know that much. And, and I am not. I'm done with you. I'm not taking this that serious up end. Goodbye. John. Do we, you know, thank you for, for joining Us, John. I can't even believe it. Thank you, John. I can't even believe it. I appreciate your, the end. I can't even believe it. Ah, do you know they're getting upset when they're, when they're like, when they're talking to another member of media and they're like, you're not even a journalist. Yeah. You wouldn't get it. They're Under fire right now. Push it. Yeah. Memes, Moge got out at the Right time. Memes attacking Rossini. Yeah. He was crying the other day about that. Warranted and correct how we found the story. No. Yeah. No. He did find the story. It was not even close to what he said. I know What This is.


This she, he Said no. Probable she said probable. It's very funny that you, you that I said, she said, I think she said discussions, discussions were being had regarding this thing. Yeah. It's, it's likely or probable. She didn't say like fact, which is how you reported it. Like this is basically this Scooby Doo meme. It, it's, it's, you, you think it's Florio takes off the mask. It's, or Verini takes off the mask. It's Florio. It's really like Verini and Florio take off the mask. It's memes all along because you make up more stories than they do. That's probably true. I think memes, to be fair to memes, he reads a headline or he reads a post and then he just gets the vibe of what that post is.


And then he like, he has his own grok, his own AI inside of his head that summarizes it. Rewrites it, and then that's the report. Yeah. It's probably true. Yeah. I'm not paying for that shit. Okay. Okay. All right. That's all I got. Okay. Where were we? Oh, Hot Seat was over. Cool Throne. Cool Throne is combat sports. We got a new combat sport that we have to start paying attention to. Guys, it's better than Power Slap. It's better than arm wrestling. It's the ultimate dick kicking championship. Oh. Two guys just stand across from each other and kick each other in the dicks until one guy gives up.


Oh. And it's another one of these sports like Power Slap that was designed just for the clips basically. Because you will share and you will watch clips of two guys kicking each other in the dick. To me it might as well just be, yeah, watch this video. Boom. Just taking it. I like this. Should we do it? Should we do it? So to me, this might as well be the ultimate coin flipping championship because if you go first, you should win every time. Oh, I like this. We should do this on stool streams. You wanna get involved? Yeah. Ultimate dick kicking. Why not?


At some point this will be a, like a national event. Yeah. The clips are just too good. It's also funnier Yeah. Than slap Right. It's much better. They should have a, a women's division. Yeah. I would preferred if it was just like they were throwing balls at each other from across the ring. So There was a level of like skill Sitting on the ground with your legs open in gym shorts. No one blindfolded and then, and then rolling a 10 or rolling a basketball as hard as you can at the other person. Guys really need to get girlfriends these days. I love that. Do you guys see those posts? I I I like that There's a ref in it. Yeah. Like what's the ref's job to police the ultimate dick kicking The, the, I dunno if you guys in the algorithm, like where people would just be like, you know, guys can't, you know, all these women aren't dating guys anymore.


It's like society's fucked up. It's like maybe we're just, because you're spending all day on, on your burner account on Twitter and not just going to the bar. Like I feel like there's a whole world out there of people still dating and meeting girls. Yeah. Going normal people going to the bar. Yeah. Yeah. The discussion that's happening online is not real life. Yeah. Go out, have a drink. Touch glass. Yeah. All right buddy. I like that. But there are a lot of people online like, man, I can't find a date. Like just, I don't know. Go to the bar. Yeah. Probably can, probably can talk to a girl. Yep. My other cool throne is the Boca Raton Bowl. Mm. That's tonight Wednesday. You guys. Long time real ones on on part of my take.


We'll, remember that we sponsored the Boca Raton Bowl back in 2016. Yeah. I think, I'm trying to remember. Wet the beak, the Full Ponzi awareness. The Bernie Madoff wet the beak. Ponzi awareness. Boca Raton Bowl presented By smarter part of my take part presented by Bartol Sports. Yeah. So Western Kentucky, Memphis was the first matchup of it back in 2016. And who can forget the Royal Rumble? The intern Royal Rumble that we had at halftime. Yes. With Glenny Balls, Tommy Smokes hubs. Robbie Fox. Jesus. Who else was in that room? Glenn Went to the hospital. Yeah. Yeah. Glenny went to the hospital. What a great time that was. And then OK. Ratone what? The beak Ponzi Scheme Awareness pole presented by part of my tape presented by parcel.


That feels like a different life ago. It really does. We had Caleb down there with a trophy who snuck onto the field at the end of it. Yep. That was Actually Electric. Electric. And so he presented it. He, when he Had to go to the hospital. Yeah. That was almost a, an action issue. Yeah. Yeah. So the Bowl, the bowl game did not have a sponsor. So we just said, Hey, we're just gonna act like we're the sponsor of this bowl game to raise awareness for it. And we sent Caleb down there. He presented the official trophy to Western Kentucky after the game. Western Kentucky. Kentucky last I checked. Has that trophy in their official trophy case at at the school. Yes. They're playing in it again tonight. They're in the, the Boca Raton Bowl and they're playing against James Madison.


I love it. I Want that fucking trophy. Oh dude. It's dude, that kid, what was that kid's name? Mikey Electric or something. Yeah, yeah. Something like that. But I just Want, might be lightning or I, I wanna let the people, 'cause I know that they listen to the show at Western Kentucky. The trophy's on the line again. Yeah, I will, I will go down there and steal that trophy back if I have to. If JMU beats western Kentucky tonight, I Love bowl season. Even though it's been kind of taken away from us. We'll talk about that with Herbie a little bit more. But I still love bull season. Yeah. Okay. My Hot Seat was also gonna be Doug Gottlieb, but we discussed that in, in detail. Gottlieb. I still can't believe he's coaching. It's pretty crazy.


It's pretty crazy. Oh, I'll do a different Hot Seat. I was thinking about this 'cause we were talking about on Sunday we had Jonathan Taylor and then the Bengals player. Is is it, isn't it kind of crazy that Deshaun Jackson, that is his legacy, that everyone just like Deshaun Jackson every time someone drops the ball. Is there any other situation like that? I guess the Leon let, but that happens very rarely. Yeah. The, if you Leon left. No, I got another one. Oh, Dan Orlowski. Dan Orlowski. Yeah. That's it. The Orlowski. Yeah. Dan Orlowski is a bad one. It is. It's, it's crazy. But it's also with Deshaun Jackson, he was still so good for so long and so fast that it's not the first thing you think of.


Right. With Deshaun Jackson. Right. When somebody drops the ball, then you do think about him. But like, that's not his enduring legacy. But it is. He does own the legacy of that play. Orlovsky is a good one. The, the Leon Lett's funny 'cause he is got two of them. Yeah. He's got the, the after the field goal and then also the Doug Bebe. Yeah. Yeah. Getting chased down in, in a meaningless, you know, end of the game. Dan Bebe? No. Oh, Don Bebe. Don Don Bebe. Don Bebe. I dunno why I said Doug. Yeah. I'm trying to think what you're saying. The double drink that happens like once never. Yeah. Not really. Yeah. Very, very rare. Oh, butt fumble. Oh yeah. Chris Weber. But like those, but it's not as much the timeout.


Chris Weber's a good one. Chris Weber's a good one. 'cause it's not like the double donk and the butt fumble are kind of hard to replicate. I'm talking about a play that happens that everyone's like Deshaun Jackson, like it's a negative play. And everyone says Deshaun Jackson Orlovsky and, and Chris Weber are great ones For, for Kirk Cousin's. Fourth. Fourth down play Check down. You check down the, on the positive side. When in hockey, the Michigan goal. Which one? If somebody does something, they do the wraparound. Oh yeah, the wraparound, They call that a Michigan. Yeah. That was just part of the like NCAA highlight package for that commercial. For Yeah. For a hundred years. Anytime you get jumped you can just be, I got bizz, I got Pissed.


But, you know, took some, gave some more, Gave more, gave Some more. I, I read the police wr right up behind that. So they did like the police report. You probably saw some of the videos where the guy was like, this guy, not a, not a lick of fat on him. Yeah. But like Dwayne the Rock Johnson, there was a a written report that came out where these guys were just fucking terrified of biz. Yeah. They're like, this guy was out in the parking lot screaming at all of us. Like, I'm gonna fuck you guys up. Biz is my hero. Yeah. He's legitimately my hero. He, he, the way they were talking about him after was, he was William Wallace. Like he was, he was nine feet tall and fireballs out of his ass. It's just amazing. It was just Incredible. Well, It's a, it's a just outstanding, tremendous restaurant and it's unbelievable. And he goes there four to five, Four to five times a week, four To five times a week.


And the staff is unbelievable. Great organization. It's a great organization at Houstons. And it just, everything that happened there, I saw a guy, I was like, Hey buddy, you know, like you're an unbelievable guy. I got, someone should do something. He and I did something. He's the fucking best. Oh, he's a one-on-one guy are then my cool throne is Ryan Sill in the UVM soccer team. 'cause they won the national championship. I don't know if you guys saw this, it was kind of a Cinderella story. They were unranked, they made an incredible run. I think they survived a two overtime game in the America East Tournament just to get into the regular NCAA tournament. And then they won in overtime last night to win the national championship.


And yeah, they were unranked and they, they won it all. So shout out Illa and Jake. Very cool. Jake and Jake. Yeah. And Patrick Sharp. Yeah. It was an awesome finish. Yeah. Great job. UVM, the cats. Okay. Taylor Koppen Taylor. Yes. Who's that? What was the kid's name? Lamb. Was it Anthony Lamb? Yeah, That was his name. That was the Jake Era. Yeah, that was the Jake era. Anthony Lamb, Cora from the parking lot. Was it Laga? No, that was Fish. That was George Mason Rey or George Mike. I know he was at George Mason. I know that. He didn't go to Vermont. John.


Yeah. All right. Yeah. Story history. Yeah, we got it all. Was Dirk Bentley that Villa was friends with freshman year. Oh, Soine was from the parking lot. Ah, yeah. Oh geez. No, it was, what's his name? This Is great. UM history right now. Ed from the, from the Bruins? No, it Oh, Tim Thomas. Was Tim Thomas. No, but I think he was friends with, was it Dirk Bentley? He was friends with with a, with a country star. Freshman year. It might've been Dirks. It might've been Dirk. This is, we're doing some really good stuff. Yeah. Dirk Bentley. Spent a year at Vermont. There we go. And it became Dirks Bentley and SLO number one. Number one guy. Illa. Okay, let's get to our interviews.


We got Kirk Herb Street talking some college football playoff. And then we have an awesome interview with Paul Walter Hauser. Really, really great actor. Really cool interview. It is all brought to you by our friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore of pickup trucks. And that's because, Pardon My Take. There's only one pickup truck, the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado's a partner. A partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using Silverado for all kinds of, Pardon My Take. Jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Silverado's been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year, grit Week, Silverado helped us give fullbacks recognition they deserve with the Lone Man Award.


And this year, Silverado was out west with our latest grit week. Silverado brings the grit to legendary grit, paired with modern truck tech inside and out massive screens, up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked outlook of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com, build your own Silverado or Silverado hd, and check out all the current offers of Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado. We are also brought to you by our friends at Tommy John. Tommy John is hands down the best underwear I've ever worn. Everything Tommy John makes is meticulously crafted for breathable, stretch fabric for the perfect fit.


I'm wearing some right now. So be the Goat, the greatest gifter of all time and gift Tommy John. It feels good to give, but it feels great to give Tommy John, knowing you're upgrading their lives. With over 20 million pairs sold and thousands of five star reviews, give Tommy John this holiday tradition and great days. Begin with great underwear. Hurry to Tommy john.com/pmt for your last minute holiday gifts. And save 30% site-wide, 30% off just in time. Only on Tommy john.com/pmt. If you're listening to this right now and you haven't been bought a gift for your husband, boyfriend, dad, anyone, anyone out there. The underwear at Tommy John is top-notch.


They also have great sweatshirts, joggers, everything. But the underwear is the best. You're gonna have to need the stocking stuffers. Do it right now with Tommy John Tommy john.com/pmt for last minute holiday gifts. And save 30% Sitewide, 30% off just in time. only@tommyjohn.com slash pmt. Okay, here he is. Kirk Herb Street Street. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest friend of the program, recurring guest. It is Kirk Herb Street, getting ready for the college football playoff. He's gonna be in South Bend on Friday night. He's gonna be in Columbus on Saturday night. We're all pumped. Herbie, first of all, thanks for joining us. And I don't, I hate to have to start in a negative light.


I want to talk about these matchups, but I think we have to address the fact the college football feels like it's in a little bit of disarray right now. And what I'm talking about is the Beau ULA transfer portal with Penn State. And I want, I want your thoughts on it because I'm, I'm, I'm hoping that you have some Galaxy Brain fix, but for those that aren't aware, transfer Portal opened a few days ago. The college football playoff has still yet to be played. We always knew this was a screwed up system. But Bo Pula for Penn State, their backup quarterback who does play in packages and Penn State is going to be playing for a national championship and playing in the college football playoff in a couple of days has hit the transfer portal.


And this is the first time that it feels like, I knew we knew it was a problem, but now it's like this is a team that's going to be playing on Saturday that just lost a guy that is a weapon for them and does add a different dynamic. How the hell do we fix this? This, this is, it's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I mean we, we've been talking about this for so long, you know, how, how nutty this is and how it's easy to blame the players. I think it's easy to look at it like, how selfish are these guys? But I think if, if you put yourself in their shoes, I think the calendar and the way it's set up is, is difficult. I don't know B'S case. 'cause I know Preston's Stone and there's some other guys that have entered the portal, but they're staying with their team and, and, and into the playoffs, like at SMU getting ready.


Yep. I don't know why he felt the need to be able to enter the portal but then leave. Yeah. You know, maybe you guys can help me with that. I, I don't understand that aspect of his specific story on why he's leaving the team. You know, I, I guess maybe he felt he had to go visit these schools to be able to really get a good handle on where he wanted to go. I have no idea. I know it's, it's a little bit of revolving door for the, especially at that position when it comes to the portal and, you know, some of these guys are, are trying to kind of be re recruited like their high school seniors again to try to figure out where, where's the best fit for them. So maybe he felt before someone else takes the spot that he wants Yeah.


He needs to go visit while his team's playing in these playoff games. He needs to go visit these schools. That's the only thing I can think of, of why he left the team. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's exactly it by the way. Yeah. Is, and it's the calendar. I don't, I don't blame the kids because you do have an advantage if you're in the portal earlier. So you want to go ahead and make that decision. Now, one way to fix it might be if you could go, go into the portal and then you could actually join a college football playoff team. So you get like an impact free agent that just transfers outta nowhere with no connection to the school. See, that could play. Here's, here's the one thing I guess I would say. 'cause this whole thing has gone from like, when I played, players had zero rights for the majority of college football players have had you, you have no rights, you just do what you're told.


And you know, it's like you're in the Marines. Yes sir. You may have another kind of thing. And then we got to 2020 and Covid and everything kind of changed then a realignment. And then we, we've kind of gotten into this world now where, where players are able to, to leave whenever they wanna leave. We have NIL obviously that, that is a huge part of this. But if you even follow the NFL model, the players have restrictions. Like you can't be on the bears and just say, oh, the hell with this season, I'm, I'm going to the Lions. Like, like you have a contract, you have to follow the contract. The NFL has very stringent rules. This is what we do as it teams.


This is what you're allowed to do. This is what the players can do. So this whole idea of the players in college just doing whatever the hell they want to do isn't, isn't the right thing. Like, it, it's not like if like my kids, I had four sons. If my kids at 12 years old said, dad, I'm taking the, the the car. See you. I'm going to a party at 12. I'd be like, what are you talking about? You can't do that. The world we live in today in college football, it's kinda like, screw you, I'm taking the keys. Yeah. And the coach is kinda like, well, okay, he's gonna take the keys curb smart. What am am I supposed to do? Yeah, you have, you have zero power and that, you know, it's cool to be that player and have fun, but it's not cool for you as in the long term for your growth and where you're trying to go as a human.


It might be fun for these, that three and five year window. But as far as like what is great about this sport is what the hard shit you gotta go through the shit you think is annoying and why do I have to go through it? It molds you and changes you into becoming a better person down the road. Whether it's as an employee or as a husband or a father, whatever it is. You gotta go through some tough shit. You can't just like, this isn't fun anymore. I'm not playing, I'm out. Like it just can't be that way if you wanna do that. I feel like coaches who leave, you know, like they, they get a new job. They should have to finish the thing out. Yeah. Before they go to their new job players.


You should have to finish this thing out until you go to your new job. Like, I, I just don't, I think these players at this point, they need to sign contracts. I think we need a CBA, I think we need to form some kind of player's union. I think we need to somehow create that. The other thing is we are very, it's almost like silo. Greg Sankey is in an SEC silo, you know, the big tens in a silo. We, we need to somehow create more of a national view of the sport. We're still governing the sport in the eighties and the sport is in the 2024. It's more of a national sport. So we need a national view on how we govern the sport.


So we somehow need to get that national view to partner with the players union. Create a CBA where you're held accountable. Okay, we're gonna agree on NIL here are the rules we're gonna agree on. For NIL both, both sides agree. Here's the, the deal with portal transfer portal. Both sides agree and whatever they ultimately come up with, it's, it's a contract And we, And we sign and then we obey the contract on both sides. I, I think that's where it's gotten, how we get there. I have no idea, but players just kind of coming and going and zero accountability to their team that that's not healthy at all. Yeah.


And, and it really takes away from, from what this sport is about, which is the team trying to win games. Yeah. You know, that That's what this is all about. It it, it's a bummer. And, and I don't, I don't blame Bo Bule at all because the schedule is screwed up where, you know, know, it's, it's still based on enrolling for classes. And that's the real problem is that like you, you have to figure out like, you know, kids have to do it before the winter se or the, the spring semester. So that's why they have to do it right now. You can't be like, maybe it's the transfer portal just happens in the spring or after the spring semester, but then coaches would be upset because they don't have their team set for spring ball, all that stuff. But yeah, for Bose's case, like the carousel and the musical chairs of quarterbacks in the NIL, like if he waits until mid-January or early January, he's gonna be shit outta luck.


That's just the reality. Teams want to act right away and if he waits, all these seats are gonna be filled. So he's gotta go and be active right now and, and take care of himself. But yeah, the system just is screwed up. I don't know how they fix it. I think what's some, it just really stinks. Some stuff Is gonna change once the the schools Yeah. Start to the reps, they get to pay the players directly now. Yeah. Yeah. I think that starts what next season? So things are gonna be, it's supposed to Be a big thing in April. I I, yeah, I think something's going down in April. Hopefully by next year there's a new, a new set of circumstances. Hopefully that'll be the case. Yeah. So there there'll have to be new rules put in place for that as well. But yeah. What's what's the problem with just saying, Hey, I'm going to enter the portal and then you, you finish out the season with your team and then maybe you miss a week of classes at whatever that new school is.


Well, The, the one of the problem is if you, if you sign with a new team and you get money and then you play with the old team and you get hurt. Now what happens because like if you're, let's say you're Mizzou and you want Bo Pula and he's like, I'm gonna keep playing for Penn State, but I'm signing with you guys. He gets hurt. Mizzou's not gonna want him to play in those games. That's true. You know what I mean? Maybe Just make Yeah. Make the transfer portal happen after the, the championship game. Like we don't have NFL free agency and that's before the Super Bowl, but that's where the, the school schedule screws us. And, but then now we're gonna like, pretend like these guys, like the reason why they're at that school is for class. Right, right. It's stupid. The whole thing's stupid. Yeah. So I wanted to start with that. It's a bummer to talk about by the way you mentioned your son or your four sons.


How was the reception when your son committed to Michigan, that that caused some waves? Yeah, I've kind of stayed outta that world a little bit. I I haven't seen a whole lot of reaction intentionally just 'cause I know smart, 80% of the people are thrilled, 20% are gonna be jackasses. So I just decided, it's one thing to take shots at me, but if you take a shot at my kid and you wanna get in a fight, it, it's not hard for me to want to do that. Right. So I just, I just try to ignore that stuff the best that I can and just kind of stay focused on the positive. What an opportunity for him. You know, this, this is a kid that grew up a lifelong Ohio State fan of all my kids.


Like he's the guy that cried when they lose games. Like he's an Ohio State junkie. Ohio State did not really pursue him to the point of offering him a scholarship. And they were close to, they were like, listen man, we're we're this new rule. That's a big thing with this new world that you talked about. Right now you can have 85 on scholarship, but 125 are in the program. Well the new world that you're referring to, this rev share football is gonna be affected, but it's gonna go down to 1 0 5. So you can only have 105 guys on your, on your team. Now you could put 105 on scholarship. But a lot of these guys are not, they're just kind of in a wait and see approach. So guys like my son Chase, who was kind of like that, that last fighting for those last couple spots for a scholarship or potentially a PWO, which would be a preferred walk-on, he's kind of in that area where he is fighting most of those guys, big schools like Michigan and Ohio State and Notre Dame, the schools that he was looking at the most, they're, they're almost, Hey, why don't you go to the Mac?


We're gonna bring in this portal guy who we know a little bit more about. And they're really not into developing young players and, and investing in hoping that they become a great player. Soche got a, a huge opportunity to, to do this. Trump more and his staff believe, and I think they've seen his competitive spirit and his fire and, and what he did on the field this year to give him this opportunity. And you know, it's, it's, it's very different for our family. Yeah. 'cause our family behind the scenes is scarlet and gray. Our whole lives, you know, big had to be like you having a son that was, he's Wisconsin, born and bred, brainwashed and all of a sudden he goes to Michigan.


Yeah. You know, it's, it is quite a thrill. Obviously we're beyond ecstatic for him. I went to senior day for my other son who had a heart situation. He was part of the senior class of the Ohio State players. So it was a, it was a family only event this past Sunday. And I went in there really nervous to wonder how the Ohio State coaches, 'cause none of them texted me, Hey, congratulations on Chase. I didn't hear anything from anybody. So I was a little bit, should I go, should I not go? And I went, 'cause I needed to be there for my other son. It was a very cool event by the way. Each position coach would, you know, would, would have his guys come up, say something about each guy.


And then that guy had to grab the mic and speak in front of his, all of his teammates and close to the media and the fans. And it was very emotional to watch some of these guys, Trivion Henderson a Mecca Buca, like, like they, they've been through some stuff, you know, not only lost it to Michigan, but just personal stuff. So it was very heartfelt day to, to be there to watch that. But you know, I talked to Chip Kelly afterwards, talked to Ryan Day afterwards, nobody said anything. It was like, yeah. It was like, okay, hey, yeah, I'll Be here For, I'll see you next week, Tennessee. Looking forward to it. I'll call you this week. You know, just, it was just kind of like business mode, you know? Yeah. And, but that's, that's, that's good by Me.


Yeah, that's good. I mean, you're smart to stay out of the, out of the fray because I agree. Like, you know, if if someone says something about your kids, it's, it's on site. So that was, that's smart to just ignore all of it. But congrats to him and a compliment. He's got some balls. Yeah. He's got conviction too. So that, that's a, that's a man that knows what he wants. Yeah. And Yeah, no Doubt. It's cool. No doubt. Yeah. Yeah. It's definitely another wrinkle to the rivalry. So all, so let's, let's, let's go to Ohio State because you're gonna be, you're gonna be calling that game Ohio State, Tennessee on Saturday night. I'm so excited for this game. And I think we're all kind of thinking the same thing. This Ohio State team is insanely, insanely talented.


One of the teams that you could circle right now and be like, this team has all the dudes that could end up winning the national title, but where are they at mentally after what happened in Columbus against Michigan and the end of their season, and how do they get off the mat? Because it is just a very unique situation to have that type of loss with that much on it and that like the four year buildup and then be like, oh yeah, we're still going to play for a national title. So where do you think they're gonna be mentally when it comes to Saturday night? Well, again, just going back to that, that senior day just behind closed doors, just with the players. It was interesting to, to be there because if you go by the outside world, the, the feeling of Ohio State fans very dejected by, by the Michigan game.


And, and no, nobody's seen really Ohio State since that, that the, the fight, the fight at the end of the game and everyone just kind of left the stadium. I think that day. I wasn't there, but just talking to my son and a lot of friends who went to that game, like, holy shit, what just happened? How, how did this happen? Again, kind of, kind of feeling. And now, you know, Michigan's, they're gonna play in a bowl game and Ohio State's going to a playoff game and I, I think there's the, the flutter that's out there on social media. Screw Ryan Day screw, you know, but you know, the worst, I've heard people say everything. I hope they lose the first game and he is fired. I mean, just bizarre set of circumstances for a team that's, as you said, is one of the most talented, is in the playoff, hosting a playoff game.


And you've got that kind of noise by a fraction of your, of your fan base. So I think the reality is what matters most is the players seemed to be super engaged. They kept talking about, this isn't good. Everyone, almost every guy up there that talks said, man, this isn't goodbye, you know, we got four more to go. You know, it, it was just, it was, it was, I don't know how many times I I heard we have four more games to go. And I think they truly, in their minds are buying into that kinda like March Madness. When you get ready to make a run, you know, you gotta win a few weekends. I think their focus is on trying to beat Tennessee and go to the Rose Bowl and take on Oregon and, and down the line.


And, and I think they, they believe that kind of like, if you go back to the team with CJ Stroud, when they lost to Michigan again, and then they had to play Georgia and everybody wondered how would they play against Georgia? And it was like a different team when they played Georgia, if you remember, they played super aggressively, Stroud played out of his mind, scrambling around making plays really outplayed Georgia. And to Georgia's credit, Georgia ended up making the plays at the end of the game to win. It. It, the vibe of the players reminds me of that. At the end of the day though, guys, are they good enough? We could talk all day about Jeremiah Smith and all the receivers and all that, but the offensive line, yeah.


If you really watched the Michigan game, you know, when, when they lost the center from Alabama, Seth McLaughlin, when he went down with that Achilles, I think that offensive line is a, is a serious question mark going up against Tennessee's strength, which is their defensive front. So how will that battle go? I think will be a, a big factor because it was in the Michigan game and they, they're not obviously getting any of those pieces back on that offensive line. So that to me will be the big thing. And then just the crowd, the energy in that stadium. I've heard Tennessee's gonna buy 30,000 tickets. I don't know if that's true, but just the vibe inside that, that stadium, if things are going great, it'd be obvious.


Be right in their corner cheering, going crazy. If Will Howard throws a pick, how will the crowd react if the poor field goal kicker who missed two against Michigan happens to miss a kick? How will the crowd react if, if Tennessee gets a sack and a score, a fumble and a score? How will the crowd like, like I'm just wondering what the energy, what what you would think would be a night game at the shoe. Massive opportunity. Home field advantage. You would think that would be the case. Yeah. But if things go sideways, yeah. I'm just wondering how that the environment inside the stadium will go. I agree with you because I, I think Ohio State, they've been train, they've been practicing with a lot of pissed off energy.


They've been very, very angry. Right? So you gotta challenge, you gotta channel that somehow. And I think they're channeling their anger obviously into preparing for the, the football playoff. But if something goes wrong, all that emotion that you've put in all that pissed off energy quickly can turn on you. If that's been your reason for getting ready for this and things start to go downhill, then it can snowball on you and you can get down real fast. You mentioned the, the, the home field advantage. I heard that it's not actually as much of a home field advantage as you might think that it would be during the playoff because they're, they're not doing like the normal game day operations at these schools. They're bringing in the national guys. So it's not like the, the scoreboard guys or the in stadium audio guys are going to be the normal Ohio State people that run the show.


It's gonna be like a, a neutral site type of environment with all the media and all the sound just that happens to be played in the horseshoe. Do you think that has any impact on it? I, I don't know man. I I, I I won't, I guess I've, I'm hearing those same things. I don't know what it's gonna, you know, I, I heard when Tennessee runs out on the field, it'll be like a, like a neutral site field. Like Tennessee will have their own entrance that they would have, that they've chosen with their song and their music and their, their energy running onto the field, which I think is really, really bizarre. Like when you go to South Bend on Friday night and Indiana comes onto the field, you know, it's not like the normal, just the visiting team boo and they kind of run onto the field and then lights go down and the home field, it's, it's, I don't, I don't know how they're gonna do it.


I I'm reading the same things you're reading, but that, that, that, that, that could be an interesting aspect, not just in Columbus, but all these, these playoff games. This is, again, unchartered waters. We have no idea really how it's gonna go until we, until we see it, you know, with Notre Dame on Friday night in Indiana. You know, is Indiana gonna have their normal allotment of tickets? Is it just gonna be a, a small little fraction of Hoosiers fans inside there? Are they gonna get online and, and scoop up as many tickets as they can and, and try to, you know, make, have a big showing. 'cause it's such an easy drive to go from Bloomington up to South Bend. I, I have no idea. But yeah, it, I, I'll have a lot more answers on the, on the back end of this, but I, I cannot wait to see home playoff games and how it'll impact, like you say, the game ops, which obviously is a huge advantage for the home team, you know, in normal set, set of circumstances.


Yeah, I heard, no, hang on, sleepy. They're not doing, they're not doing that either. That's, that's worth at least four points right there. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Dude, let me again, I, at the risk of getting in trouble, I think there are schools that do an incredible job with their game ops. You know, like, like you go into the SECI think the home crowd and the people who run those stadiums, they look at themselves as our job is to be a distraction to the enemy and to do everything we can to the line where we can't play music while the quarterback's, you know, saying the signals and barking out the cadence, but we're gonna walk right up to the line with the band.


We're gonna put microphones into the band, the the music. We're gonna go right to the line. We're we're, we're, we're gonna maybe get a letter from the SEC commissioner that we can't do that. That that's our goal. Every yeah. Home game. And in the Big 10, I, I think there's a, a few stadiums that do that, but I just feel, you guys tell me, I feel like the big ten's a little more traditional. Yeah, a little more of the band has as much to do with the, the, the, the the game day experience as the team, you know, so they're, they're a little bit in a tough spot between like in the SEC they hire a dj. Yeah. I mean, you go to a break in the SEC and it's like the party's just beginning for the fans during TV timeouts.


I mean, it is bonkers at LSU or Alabama or Georgia or Tennessee. It's insane. During the TV timeout and at Ohio State, it's, you know, okay, let's go to break. We'll be back after this. And then it's ladies and gentlemen, if you can pay attention to the North end, the 1973 fencing team. Yeah. Back. Yeah. Let's, let's all have a, let's get on our feet and show them some appreciation for the 1973 co. Big 10 champs. And it's like, Yeah, no, the, the easiest way to say it, that's perfectly put, because I can actually envision that the easiest way to say it is we just haven't figured out a way to get a light show up north yet. That's it. No, like we don't have the light show.


I see the light show at Georgia and Auburn or The, or DJ and It's awesome. Yeah. It's, it's Or the dj. It's insane. The light show always. I'm like, why don't we have a light show restricts me. Yeah, yeah. Like music dj, like feed the energy feed. Don't take it away. It's So true. Pull it away. Feed It. Yeah. You should go right up to that line. Yeah. Yeah. That's, those, those guys are doing a great job. If that's how they approach the game, it's like, I'm gonna do everything that I can to, to fuck with the opponent. Even though my job is to sit in a booth with a lanyard on around my neck and like an officially issued team polo, I'm out there making a difference. I like that mentality. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I agree. It's like if you go to an NHL game, I, I, you know, I, I'll go to these NHL games, I'm so blown away by the game ops and what they do.


'cause it's, it's a different 1997 to now, like your job to keep people off their phone and engaged in what's happening. That's a challenge, man. It is just a different world that we live in. A lot of people's attention span isn't the same. And it's easy to like get to a, you know, TV timeout, take a seat, look on your phone, check out what's going on, and then all of a sudden it's like, oh, the, oh, the game's back on. You know? And, and they try to take that away by keeping you engaged. And I, I really, when I see it, and I, I see fans engaged during breaks, I just, I pay homage to that man. Yeah. Because it's not an easy, not an easy thing to do in 2024. It's so true. So this weekend with four games, you're a quarterback, you know, these quarterbacks give me your top four quarterbacks playing this weekend that you trust.


Let, let's start Friday night. I, I, I think Riley Leonard, I, I don't know if I trust him yet. I don't know how many times he's really been challenged. Right. You know, so I don't know. I, it's not that I don't trust him, it's just we don't know. Right. And can Indiana put him in a, in a place where they, they get him into those third down situations where he's gotta make plays with his arm, not just his legs with his arm. I, I'm excited to see that. And, and Rourke, I've been blown away by that kid. Their whole story. I was early kind of like, eh, it's Indiana, it's a cute story. And then I just kind of kept watching him and thought, and I stood next to Rourke in the Ohio State game.


I was like, damn that. That's an impressive looking dude. This guy's, I don't know what he's listed. He looks like he's six five to me, big impressive guy. And I just think that kid plays with a serious amount of confidence for a guy that's in his first year. I think of all of 'em, that might be a guy that, that stands out to me. I don't know how much you've watched Tennessee, but Tennessee with Josh Heel, we go back to Hendon Hooker or, or Milton. What do you think of, you think of 50 yard bombs just taking shots in that offense. 'cause that's who they've been this year. Total opposite Tennessee team. Yep.


They play to their strengths. Let's play defense. Let's run our all SEC running back Dylan Sampson and let's just take care of the quarterback. Let's spoonfeed him, ease him in, not make him feel like he has to win it. Where our quarterbacks in the past did. So it's been a very different style of approach as a head coach. Is that good enough to win in this environment? I think he'll, I think he'll call his game based on how his defense is playing against Will Howard and Ohio State, if they're forcing Ohio State to punt, he's gonna play the way he has most of this year. A very conservative handed off throw when you have to kind of approach.


If Ohio State's scoring, then you'll see Nico who's more than capable, you know, you know his recruiting story. Yeah, he, yeah, he's a freak, but he's a freshman, so they've just been very, very careful with him. So I would say, will Howard, I know he is made some mistakes. He's cost his team in some big games. I just think because of the experience, I think there's a little bit more trust there. But do you trust the offensive line? I, I don't think you can because of the injuries, the Clemson, Texas game. Again, man, it's, it's just been this. I Know, You know, I, I asked that question because when you look at the quarterbacks in this playoff, it's fair.


It's, it's a great questions. It's really up and down for a lot of guys. Oh, Kevin Jennings at SMU mean. Yeah. He's a kid that, again, I don't know how many people listening to this or watching this have watched SMU football this year, but they started with Preston Stone who's a little bit more traditional and now they've got a version of a, of a dual threat guy that they spread you out. You gotta try to cover everybody. And then this guy's back there running around and has the ability to take off and run, has the ability to keep it alive and throw. He, he would be an interesting matchup for the Penn State Defense. My big concern for SMU in that game is like you would think the line of scrimmage on both sides.


I mean, Penn State, I thought pushed Oregon around pretty well in the Big 10 championship game at the line of scrimmage. So how will SMU do it? And I looked at this morning at the forecast, all three games in Columbus, south Bend and State College, no snow, but you're talking about in the, in the twenties, 20 degrees. Not that it, it favor, I and a lot of people are like, that favors Ohio State and Notre Dame, and I guess we'll see if it does a lot of Ohio State's rosters from Georgia, North Carolina, Florida. So I don't know how it necessarily favors these teams in the north, I guess, I guess we'll see.


It's been a big, big conversation P point, you know, when the playoff first started, it's like teams from the north are like, it's about time those teams from the south come up here and deal with the cold weather. Well now you get your chance, you know, in two of those games and we'll see if it becomes a factor or not. But Ben Bighead, that's a great question on who do you Good question, trust. Yeah, because I don't, I don't know if it's just been too inconsistent with most of these guys all year to really know who is that guy you can trust. Yeah. It's, it's Dylan Gabriel and Drew Owler is kind of really where, that's probably where I stop. And it's not saying the other guys aren't good, it's just like I'm talking about third and long down four.


Yeah. With, you know, five minutes left and you need, how about Georgia's situation? I know he's playing, how about that? Yeah, it's crazy. Have they Talked publicly? Have they talked publicly since that game about what's going on? I, I haven't heard anything. I'm more concerned about their punter, their punter being injured. That's, that's the real expert that guy's stu Yeah. He's a beast. Yeah. So, wait, with with Texas quarterback situation though, are you a little bit surprised that Arch didn't get more playing time in the SEC championship game? Because I felt like there was a moment where, where SAR could, he had a lever That he could have pulled and he chose not to pull it. I don't know if that was intentional because he wanted to save him for the, for the playoff or if he was just like, you know what, yours is my guy.


We're going to, we're gonna live and die with Quinn. But do you expect to see more of Arch Man? Again, I go back to that eight overtime Friday night game with Georgia and Georgia Tech and, and think about what happened to Georgia's defense. And I know it's a different set of circumstances, but Georgia Tech ran a lot of zone reed and power read and gave the quarterback an opportunity to utilize his legs or his arm, depending on how the defense of Georgia reacted. And they had so much success in that game that the next game was gonna be against Texas. And I just thought that sarc, much like he did against Texas a and m, he would just have a little package in the red zone or short yardage to go to Arch and as you say, pull that lever.


I thought, I thought Af fresh off that Georgia Tech game. He saw something he might be able to attack using Arch's ability to attack the edges, but he didn't do it. Yeah. And doesn't mean he's putting Arch away. I just think for whatever reason, only, only Sark knows he is one of the great offensive minds in the game. For whatever reason, he stuck with Quinn throughout almost every snap of that game. And it makes you wonder, you know, in their, in their next matchup against Clemson and down the road, how much Arch will be a factor because that dude, I know everybody wants to compare him to, to his, his uncles, but he's probably more like his grandfather than he is his uncles as far as, and he is much bigger and stronger.


I look looking at this guy, you know, it's one thing, you look at him on TV thing, you go on the pregame and you, you look at these guys in person, some of these guys just look so different than what you, your perception of them is. And Arch is one of those guys. I mean, his legs, I don't know if he lives under a squat rack. That dude is put together. He's not just a, a tall slippery boy. He's quick, he is powerful dude who can spin it. You talk about an excitement of where you wanna see Texas next year with Arch having an entire off season to build his game. But he's nothing like Peyton. He's nothing like Eli. He's really nothing like his grandfather, who is a really athletic guy.


He's his own guy and he's, he's, he's got the size that they all have. But his strength and his athletic ability, who knows what, what Sark will do in the off season to build the offense around him. And who knows if, if Arch will get an opportunity here in these, these these next potential four games Yeah. That Texas might be playing. I hope we see more of him. He's fun. Manning shouldn't be allowed to be fast. That's, it's weird seeing him run with a ball. Yeah. And it's like, come on man. You just stay in the pocket maybe once every three years, do a naked bootleg and then everybody stands up and claps and laughs while you try to run for a first down. Exactly. That's the manning, that's the manning way, Right? Yeah. Not this guy.


Wow. This dude, this dude's gonna do. Now, I don't know if they're gonna protect him from himself next year, but if he plays the way he wants to play, he's gonna be running around people, over people. You know, if, if you're a safe fe coming up there to tackle that guy, it's like tackling a tight end, you know? I mean that's basically who's athletic. So, yeah. We'll, we'll see. We'll see. I think it's a game to game approach for SARC and how they use Arch. And if they do and not mention, imagine a fan base. It reminds me of Tebow in, in oh six when he was a true freshman and Chris Lee was the quarterback, but every time there'd be short yardage or red zone, the crowd at the swamp would go crazy just with the idea that 15 might come jogging onto the field.


And he would, and they were like begging urban to bring him out. And it became almost, it's Chris Lee who's quarterbacking 90% of the game. But it almost became like a, a, the fans were just com completely consumed with Tim Tebow, even though he is just doing short yardage. And that kind of reminds me a little bit of Texas, this is Quinn ER's team, but there's such anticipation and so much excitement about Arch Manning taken over. And I wonder if that impacts sarc inside the locker room on protecting Quinn and protecting kind of that feeding into that energy by not putting arch out there as much as, as maybe you might think.


Yeah. Yeah. Sars a SARS a whatever it takes to win kind of guy. But I also think he's mindful of the makeup of his team and Quinn, yours is his quarterback, you know, and, and I know that's impacted Quinn a little bit psychologically, just, Hey, I'm the guy and yet they kind of are rooting for the other guy. So I think it's a little bit tricky on how, on how they manage that at this point in, in 2024. Yeah, it's tough. So looking at these games, the spreads are pretty big. They go from what se last I checked, I think it was seven to 12 point favorites in each game. If you had to pick one upset, 'cause there's gonna be one, who would it be?


What's the, I, what's the IU Notre Dame? Seven and a half is what I'm looking at right now. I don't know if that's moved. I I Would say iu I'd probably say IU would, would be, what's the Tennessee spread? I believe that's a touchdown. Yeah, I think I, you know, I'm not picking either one of those teams, but I, I mean, you could make a pretty strong case if you're a Tennessee fan or you're gonna vote, you know, bet on Tennessee until you see the Ohio State offensive line more productive against a talented front. There's no reason to, to think that both those games that the underdog should have a shot shot to be competitive and, and maybe pull off an upset. Yeah, Agree. I do love the drama behind the scenes of the Tennessee fans being like, yeah, that stadium's gonna be 30% orange buddy.


You imagine now they get 3,500 fans. I what's Ohio Stadium these days? Over a hundred thousand, right? Yeah, yeah. You, you, you get basically 3% of the stadium is is gonna be in orange. Yeah. And if you get up, there's no, you, you believe they'll, they maybe get 30,000 people in there. No Way. It'd be be a testament to the fan base. Yeah, it would be, I saw Another, a post, I dunno if it was from game day operations at Ohio State, or if it was from somebody else that showed what the color orange looks like underneath their, like LED lights that they have. And it looks red. And so now Ohio say it's like, yeah, wear your orange, we're gonna turn you red. Yeah. It's a, it's a, it's been a fun, like behind the scenes battle.


Yeah. Yeah. And I think it is. And it's a scarlet out, right? So they're gonna do the scar, the whole stadium if they follow the, the, the direction of, of what the Ohio state's requesting. So it'd be all scarlet and then bright, bright orange. So you're right, You're right. Terrible mix of colors when you put 'em together. Good on their own. Maybe not great together. All right. Ohio State's wearing those all scarlet unis. I know they're doing color rush. I don't like that they're doing color rush. Wear your, wear your uniform. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's A classic. Wear It. Matter of fact, take all the stickers off the helmet, like you start new. There you go. It's a new season right Now. Yeah. Four games. Yeah. That's a good idea. I like that. Four games maybe put on the hel the, the the stickers during the game.


Yeah. There You go, Adam. During the game. Alright, so Herbie, this has been awesome. I got one last question.


It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-P-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com promo code. Take 20% off.


Last question for you is not about the playoff, it was big story obviously last week. Bill Belichick going to North Carolina. How do you think this is gonna work? Do you think it's gonna I mean, I I'm of the belief that there is definitely a market for a coach in college to be almost like Kalari when he figured out the one and done before anyone else and being like, Hey guys, I'm not gonna sell you on education. I'm not gonna sell you on, you know, we, like, this is a community I'm gonna sell you on. Come here, I'll teach you how to be a pro. And the scouts are gonna know that if you can handle my system, you're a value in the NFL and I'm gonna get guys drafted.


I would see part, it's part that just put yourself as an 18-year-old recruit and knock on the door and it's Bill Belichick at the door or, or on the phone, honey Bill, coach Belichick's on the phone. I mean, imagine what that would, the power of that. Right? But I'm telling you guys, bill Belichick, he's one of those guys that if he, if he ended up coaching high school football in Annapolis, I would not have been surprised. Right. He's a, he's not caught up in all the bullshit, all the noise that we all get caught up in. He's just an old school football coach. And I really think that his dad had a major impact on his decisions and what he does.


I think there's part of him that's probably always been polling at him to be on a college campus because of his time at Annapolis with his dad and, and before that at places like North Carolina. And I really think as much as you guys are saying, Hey, don't worry about the education, we're gonna go build this roster and we're gonna go win a championship. I think he's gonna think about how I do both. I really, I, I know his reputation is NFL and, and building a roster and winning and winning Super Bowls. But I think there's part of him that I think is actually gonna enjoy getting kids to buy into the demands of academics because of his background. I I don't think it's gonna be, Hey, you didn't go to class.


Screw it. We're getting ready to win this game. I just don't think it that's him. I just, I I think he's gonna, the reason it took two weeks, we kept hearing, wait, they interviewed him, like, how do you, how do you interview Bill Belichick? Like it's one of those, if he says, yeah, I'm interested, it's like you take it. But remember it went, it went for a while. So I'm sure he sit, sat there and just gathered so much intel. Not only I need this for NILI need this for private plane. Like whatever it is he needed. But I think he wanted to learn like the ramifications and the, and the guidelines of like, what are we doing here? What's this world? So when he did step to the podium, it was almost like in his mind, like, okay, I can answer any question.


I've studied this and analyzed this job and what it takes so much that I know what it, I I I'm ready to go and, and I'm ready to take it. And I, I think you guys are gonna be surprised by what he builds. I don't think it's just gonna be about Sure he is gonna try to win the national championship. That's obvious. And if you look at their schedule, they're in the playoff next year. Like, I mean they, they, there's a very strong chance at North Carolina, I think they're one game that makes you scratch their head. Your head is Clemson. Other than that they might be favored in every game they play. Yeah. So get used to him getting teams to knocking on the door of the a CC championship and into the playoff. But I do think he's gonna do the academic side.


I I, that's just me. Maybe I'm wrong. Just from the time I've spent with him, I, I think he, he wants to make that a priority as well, which I applaud him if he can pull it off. Yeah. Herbie, we are a, a national sports podcast and very rarely do we use our platform and advocate for something up. But I feel like it's an appropriate time. And I wanna put your feet to the fire on this because you might not be in charge of it, but I think you, you have a say you are a college football icon, you can make change if you believe in it enough. The Dr Pepper tuition challenge is out of hand. The chess passes are ruining America. It might be symbolic of everything that's wrong with America right now actually, but it's feeding into it.


Can we do something about that? Either move the challenge back a little bit, or mandate that they have to throw with one arm, like a quarterback. It's a football game, it's not a basketball game. Make your passes with one hand. I wanna, I wanna see a spiral. Can we do something about that? Well, I love that. You know, I used to do the ridge challenge And we would throw it from 25 yards, I think 20 or 25 yards. And the target was just about the size of a basketball. I mean, it was hard. And you would throw that thing, it was almost like trying to make a shot from half court. I'm with you. That, that, you know, everybody, it is almost like pop a shot. They're just firing that thing away. Right. And it, it doesn't take any ability at all.


Right. So I think that, I think you're onto something. I think you move it back at least another 10 yards Yeah. To take away that, that would take away the, the chess pass. And let me, let me get down on the field. Yeah. Next time in a game I'll get to the bottom of this. Yeah. I'll, I'll find out what's up. 'cause it is embarrassing. It is. You know, it's, They've ruined it. I don't blame the competitors. It's like, it's like the challenge portal. That's the best way to do it. Right? It's easier to do. You have a Yeah, They figured out the answer. Right. They figured the Answer. Right. Yeah. So the game has to evolve as the players evolve with it. Yeah. Yeah. So either I think you can either move it back a little bit or just say, Hey, you have to have one hand and it has to go above your shoulders.


Yeah. Yeah. I like that. I'll, I'll bring that up if I don't know the Dr. Pepper folks. But if I'm in a game and I'm down in the field Yeah. I'm gonna make that a a point to go over there and try to get to the bottom of that. I'll, and I'll again, I'll, I'll report back on that as well. All, all it would take is you, if you boycott, if you boycott a game, maybe just don't even talk for an entire half. Yeah. Just saying you, you have the power. I I I'm boycotting the game unless you get this shit fixed. Yes. That's where we are right now. Yes. Yeah. Well, Thank you for not boycotting the second half of the Niners Rams game. Yeah. That must've been tough to that, that that Would've been a fair boycott. That was tough. That tests us, Man. We've had a ridiculous year and a positive standpoint.


I mean, our games have been awesome. The ratings are off the charts and on paper that looked like a really, really good game. And it just wasn't, yeah. It was just, it was brutal. We got through it, but yeah, I, I'm looking forward to this Thursday and then, And then yeah. And then I gotta put Soldier Field to finish it off. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Good luck with that. Good luck with that. Alright, Herbie, thanks so much, man. We really, really appreciate it. You're the best and have fun this weekend.


Kirk Curb Street was brought to you by our great friends at Campbell's Campbell's Chunky Soup. It's soup season. What a great time of year to enjoy some soup. I've been eating soup just about every day. I think I've had soup every day for the last three weeks. Today I've got some Turkey and wild rice coming, been mixing it up with some meatball, some loaded mac and cheese from Campbell's. Their chunky soup is outstanding. It warms you from the inside out. I love soup. I would drink soup, eat soup every single day of my life if I could. And Campbell's is the absolute best. Today's episode's brought to you by Campbell's Chunky Soup. It's the soup that eats like a meal. When you think chunky, you gotta think of players like, I don't know, Jason Kelsey, Brandon Graham, Dexter Lawrence, Greg Russe, Sam Hubbard, Montez Sweat List goes on. Chop Robinson, Trent Williams. These are all Campbell's chunky guys and they want you to enjoy your soup this holiday season soup up. But even Trent Williams can't compare to my go-to. It's the beef with country vegetables. It's packed with great ingredients to keep me going strong. Chunky takes satisfaction to the max this soup season. Grab a can of Campbell's chunky today, get involved with soup season.


Kirk Herbstreit was also brought to you by our very, very good friends over at Duke Cannon. Maybe have you seen Duke Cannon products in Target, Walmart, or your local hardware store? If not, let me introduce Duke Cannon makes a variety of men's grooming goods, big ass bricks of soap, thick body wash, beard care stuff, colognes and hair wash. They also donate money to veterans causes each year through the Duke Cannon Veterans Fund. Simply put, they give a damn and their products work hard and they smell terrific. Most of the year I'm a sawtooth thick body wash guy. Then in the fall I like their buffalo trace soaps. But during the holiday season, which is pretty much here, I put their big ass lump of coal soap on my wishlist. It's a holiday classic like die hard shop now@dukecannon.com. Amazon and Target or Walmart. They're everywhere. Go forth and save up to 20% on yield, tide yield, tide soap bundles and gift sets, the products, the packaging. You won't find better gifts for the men on your list this year than Duke Cannon.


And now here's Paul Walter Hauser. Okay, we now welcome on A very special guest. He is of incredible actor comedian wrestler Paul Walter Hauser. Paul, thank you for joining us. The wrestling part, I gotta admit I didn't fully understand You're a wrestler and you were part of Major League Wrestling. How did that start? I wanna talk about the acting, but I, I was, I was raised on the attitude era, so I I I, I'm not as much into wrestling right now, but I I still love wrestling. How did you start with the wrestling? Sure. Yeah. No, I, I had done a wrestling show for charity that this guy Sammy Callahan put on him and John Moxley were trying to raise some money for the wildfire relief in Hawaii.


This is November of last year. And it went from me like showing up to send some autographs or do free selfies or whatever. It turned into, Hey, do you wanna have a wrestling match? And that was secretly always a desire mine to try it. And I had been taking little classes here and there, learning from other wrestlers. And so I did this 10 minute match with a guy named Matthew Palmer. And it went really well. And I had a lot of fun. And there was sort of an adrenaline spike unlike anything I'd ever felt before. And I, I played like junior high sports and I've done standup comedy in front of, you know, 1500 people. Nothing I've ever done felt as good as that.


So really I continued to pursue it and, and kind of doggedly got these other bookings and wrestled other reputable guys. And you learn a lot from them when you're working with them. And, and I'm now telling people that through MLW and a couple other companies, I'm, I'm doing like a reverse Wayne Johnson. That's Awesome. I love that. Yeah, that sounds like a lot of fun. What's the, what's the biggest pop you've gotten? Oh man, the biggest pop I've gotten was probably, probably when, when in my first match, when I did the Crane kick and the six inch punch as a finisher. It was very theatrical.


And I think people were wondering what my move style was going to be like. And obviously I'm not doing back flips off stuff or anything, but I'm, I'm doing, you know, body Slams and Suplexes and then I pulled out the Cobra Kai style, you know, crane Kick and people went pretty ape. That was, that was a good pop. You, you mentioned The Rock. It is, I mean, it's very funny because most, the most wrestlers they wrestle and then they get into music or, you know, movies because they're so good at wrestling. You're just like, I was such a good actor. Now I want to chase my one True Love wrestling. Yeah. I, I mean, I have a lot of different loves from an occupational standpoint. I, I, my heroes are guys like Rob Reiner and Kendrick Lamar and Sting, who, you know, wrestled famously for WCW during the Attitude era.


And I just want to partake in those worlds whenever it makes sense or whenever I think I can do it. And I, I haven't directed a film yet, but I intend to, I write a lot of movies, I've made some music, and now I'm trying this wrestling thing out. And I think a lot of people, a lot of haters online who don't like it and think it's like super lame. But at the same time, I think there's a place for everybody in wrestling. There's, there's different types of people. The same way in hip hop, you have Earl Sweatshirt and you have Action Bronson and you have Drake. These are different styles within the, the form. Yeah. And so I'm just one of those many styles in that form, I think. I think If you're having fun doing it, people appreciate it. Yeah. They'll see the passion.


And I'm just trying to put it over in, in the mainstream too of like, if, if, if I could someday get nominated for an Oscar or, or a Tony Award, but I'm also doing an independent wrestling show in front of 800 people. I think that's kinda awesome. Yeah. I, I like the idea of like, like if it were reversed and I'm just watching somebody do it, if, if a random character actor, like a John C Re or Paul Giamatti showed up at a wrestling show and wrestled and they were actually decent, I'd be very entertained by that. Yeah. And I'd, I'd find it fascinating. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you could be, you could have your own egot the Ego plus you get the Emmy, the Grammy, the Oscar, the Tony, and also Heavyweight Champion of the World.


Yeah. Or US Champ or, or Open Weight Champion in MLW. We'll see, I'll see how far I can take it. Yeah. So you, you mentioned the Oscar and it's interesting you brought that up because we have said on this show, I think we had Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, or No, no, it was Matt Damon and, and Casey Casey Affleck on the show. And I said that if I could put in a bet a future, a future bet for somebody to win an Oscar for Best actor, it would be you, because I love you to everything that you're in. You, you've played a wide variety of characters. Do you feel like that's a possibility? Do you ha do you see roles come across your desk and you're like, you know what? I feel like this, this could be one that's critically acclaimed.


Thanks, man. Yeah, I, I, somebody sent me that clip the day it came out. A couple people that I I didn't know were like diehard PMT fans. They were all hitting me up and sending me that clip. It was very humbling and sweet. I, I think anyone can win an Oscar if, but it's not even about Acumen. Like, they're so great, they're gonna win an Oscar. It's usually about the marriage of the role with the, with the performer. Right. So, you know, there are people who, back in the day in 93, 94, they looked at Brendan Fraser and Jamie Fox and they were like, oh, the guy from Encino man, oh, the guy from In Living Color. And then they won Oscars for the Whale and Ray.


So, you know, it's really just about that right. Marriage of role. I think I've had a couple roles that could have been nominated based on what they were and me showing up and doing the job. But, but yeah, I'm, I'm still looking for that thing where I get to really pop in a great movie and, and have some form of impact, you know? Yeah. I mean I I thought the, the Richard Jewel movie I was was incredible. I thought that was good movie. Yeah. I mean, that was a movie where I was just like, I your ability to like be Richard Jewel and have this complicated guy who's like, you feel bad for and you know, he's just trying to do the right thing. That was, that was one of those movies that I always base my movies on if I'm thinking about it the next day when I wake up, that means it's a good movie.


And that was absolutely the case for, for that movie. Oh, that's awesome, man. Yeah, no, I, I think that's a, there's a couple movies I've gotten to do that I just think will stand the test of time. And I think luckily I'm in that Eastwood ether where whether he's alive or, or in 20 years when he is gone, it'll be the kind of thing where people will revisit that. 'cause it was Eastwood and I think that's the same with Black Klansmen. Yeah. It's Spike Lee, it's Adam Driver, it's, you know, it's, it's this big film that did well. And then, and I think I Tony too, with being such a time capsule piece for the 1990s and being a Margot Robbie thing where I felt like that, and Wolf of Wall Street and Suicide Squad were the things that said, this is like someone to pay attention to.


This is someone who's crushing it. Yeah. Are You, and That it's fun, it's fun to be in those movies. I mean, you're never guaranteed that, but like, when they come across your proverbial desk, it's like, oh, sick. I get to work with Craig Gillespie or Spike Lee or Clint Eastwood. Yeah. Are you, are you nervous at all that you're being typecast as secondary characters to the Olympics? I, I, listen, I'm hoping, I'm hoping 20 years from now I put the stash on. I can play the, I can play the gymnast coach for what's, what's the name of that girl? One Bella Carli, right? Bella Carli. Yeah. Carrie Strug. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Carrie St. Strug. I, I gotta play Carrie Strugs Gymnast coach, like Yeah.


Gymnast coach in like 20, 30 years. Right? Yeah. Yeah. You can do that. I, I believe you could pull it off The Richard. No, it's, it's so weird, dude. It's so weird that like, it's so weird that I'm playing Chris Farley in this biopic next year because Farley famously played Sean Eckhart my character in naan in the, the monologue sketch with Nancy Kerrigan when she hosted. Yeah. Yeah. That Is crazy. And, and they famously, Jay Leno famously said when the Richard Jewel thing happened, like this guy kinda looks like the guy that whacked Nancy Kerrigan. Right. That it was like a famous late night joke that he referenced these two people together.


And then Farley also was on SNL and Richard Jewel ended up being on SN l Yeah, yeah. After the whole debacle. So it's like, there's just some weird incestuous creative thing going on with these roles. I don't know what it is. So, So with Chris Farley, that must have fascinating to, to play him in a biopic. I can't wait to watch it. I have to assume that you learned a lot about Chris as you're studying for the role. What, what have you learned about him that maybe you didn't know going into it? Well, you know, even before I got the role, And we haven't shot it yet, we're gonna shoot it next year at some point, probably later in the year. But I, I, I knew so much about Chris going in 'cause I was just a fan. So I kind of was reading up on him and ingesting Chris Farley's stuff the way you would if you were preparing for a role.


And, and I kind of knew most everything about him. What I found interesting is, you know, he, he, he had this like very highly intellectual side where him and Tim Meadows used to go to foreign films when they were doing Second City in Chicago. And you know, Chris had these really deep conversations with his female friends that sometimes he couldn't have with his male friends. And it was just a very intellectual, sensitive side that not everybody got to see, especially if they were like a newer friend when he had already been very famous. Yeah. I think, I think, you know, in, in telling that story, we hope to show the duality of him as there's a duality to, to many of us.


Yeah. Are are you, is it not nervous is the right word, but Chris Farley's beloved. And so do you feel pressure like doing this movie where you're like, I know that everyone loves Chris Farley, so I have to I have to get to a point where it's like people are like, you did, you did him, you know, justice almost in, in playing Him. I think I love Chris so much that I'm incapable of letting Chris, and I mean, I, I can't, I'm not incapable of letting his fans down. People hands, somebody can order a steak and you give 'em exactly the filet they ordered and they're still not happy. Right. And they send it back to the kitchen. Some people are impossible. But I love Chris so much that I'm not worried about keeping his memory alive in a, in an authentic and loving way.


Yeah. I know I'm going to do that. And that's not cockiness. That's once again, knowing what you're capable of too and knowing that there are certain things you are just meant to do in some way. You know, like I, I like, I, I met up with John Farley a couple years ago to talk about this being a possibility. His brother John and I gave him my phone number and he goes, why is your number already in my phone? My number was already in John Farley's phone And we had never met, Huh? It said Paul Houser, when he typed in the, the number weird things like that have been happening for a while. And I think some people are just supposed to play certain people. I think Jamie Fox, God, his parents, like there's something in the ether that knew he was gonna play that role.


And I think this is one of those things that I was supposed to play Jeff Bridges when he got his first role, he has a story about how he told the director like, I don't think I'm doing a good job. I think this is a mistake. You should fire me. And the director just said, no, I chose you. You're right for the role. You couldn't screw this up if you wanted to. You're the guy. And I think sometimes you're just the guy, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. When it comes to playing a role like that are, do you go, do you go like full-time into character or do you, you know, when the cameras are on, you flip the switch? Well, I haven't done it yet. I've only started or co-star in three or four things. I think Jewel Blackbird, this thing I did with Mark Wahlberg, he and I were, it was like a two hander.


We're both in all the scenes. We've only done it like four or five times maybe. So I starring in something is way more taxing than I, Tony Black Klansman, I, Tanya Black Klansman, I get to show up, I'm doing my finger guns and I walk out. But starring in something is, is exhausting in a way that I kind of didn't know until I did it. So I, my hope is that I can do my homework to an a degree of precision and aggression. That when I'm onset I can be very calm and not in character. Yeah. That's my hope is that I do the homework enough to still be emotionally available to the crew and the cast.


'cause you don't want to alienate people, even if you are doing a job. It's like, I, it, it's too important to me to be social with people and to be on the level to alienate them. So when I watched the Jim Carrey documentary about him and Andy Kaufman, I saw that Jim had kind of alienated a lot of people in his process. Jim Carrey, who I adore by the way. But that process of kind of like alienating people or pushing 'em away, I, I've sort of decided I'm not gonna do that. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, when, when you're acting in a, a show like Blackbird and it's probably not the, I don't know, is it a fun role when you're playing a, a psychopathic serial killer?


Like, do you have fun because you did, first of all, I'll just say like, you did an amazing job in that. Oh thanks Steve. In that show, it was incredible. But I can't imagine that it would be an enjoyable time for you to spend in character as like the Scummiest person to ever live. It depends on everyone's process. But it was not fun for me, I can tell you that much. I was not in a good place personally when I shot that mentally, emotionally was not in a good place, spiritually, not in a good place. And was definitely ingesting a lot of marijuana and alcohol when I wasn't on set. And, and in, and also we shot in New Orleans. That's a pretty spiritually thick place. You can kind of feel the air a little bit there sometimes.


And, and I would say the, the way I played the character, my process was I have to think the thoughts. I can't just say the lines and hope that it seems real. I had to kinda get into the icky of it. And so having to think the thoughts to have it register in the eyes. When you say lines of dialogue, you feel very guilty when you rap. At the end of the day, you feel gross. Yeah. And you know, I only did it because of the damn character, but it's also a little mentally exhausting and you feel really gross. So yeah, no, that character was hard to play. That wasn't easy and it wasn't fun. What was fun was the fact that the writing was good and I was getting paid decent and I was working with brilliant actors like Greg Caner and Tara Edgerton.


So, So after a day on set there, do you, is there something that you would do to like cleanse yourself to, to wipe that day away? Yeah, and I didn't cleanse myself. Well, like I was saying, I would, I would grab a sandwich from Turkey and the Wolf and I'd get stoned and I'd sip a cocktail. But a lot of self-medicating. But I I, the sort of pg things I part that I was partaking in were, me and my buddy Anthony Pex would go shoot hoops at a local, you know, court and in, in somebody's neighborhood in New Orleans or we'd, we'd play Super Nintendo or watch Curb Your Enthusiasm. Like there were things that kinda like were pressure releases. Yeah. And, and yeah, Larry David was very influential to me being able to laugh at the end of a, a dark, awkward day.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you, you've done drama, you've done comedy. Is there one that you prefer more than the other at this point in your career? I think I prefer drama because there's just a complexity to it that has more of a variance and a diversity comedy sort of can feel redundant sometimes. And that's also why even your favorite comedians make comedy movies that you don't like, you know, Leo, every time Leo or Denzel do Leo or Denzel in a drama, we're all just like, boom, another one. Yeah. Right. But like comedy, there are brilliant people who do comedy and we're like, that movie sucked. Why isn't it as good as the one they made eight years ago?


Right. And it's like, well, comedy can get very redundant and after a while you learn somebody shtick. Whereas like drama, you're living in different worlds and different moods and you can keep 'em guessing a little bit better. So I think I, I enjoy watching and doing drama more, but at the same time my roots are entirely stand up and sketch comedy. I grew up on Jim Gaffigan and Monty Python and you know, Chris Farley, Eddie Murphy and everything. Yeah. What, wait, so when did you start doing standup? 'cause that was how you started, right? Yeah, when I was 16 I started writing screenplays and started doing standup comedy. Oh wow. So that was like the year it got really aggressive where I was like, I'm going full throttle, full bore.


And my last few years of high school, I did three plays a year, wrote for the school newspaper, did choir, was in barbershop Quartet was class president one year was writing scripts and doing standup. So it was like I was trying to do the John Cena Dwayne Johnson schedule before I was actually able to do that type of schedule. I was nuts. And, and yeah, I, I thought standup or screenwriting might be a way to break in. I didn't know how to break into Hollywood. I thought, well, they say you can climb the wall, you can break through the wall, you can pay someone to get you through the wall. What's my way? I'll just try all the things. And what I would find out is that standup is incredibly hard to break into, even if you're decent.


And I think I was, I don't think I was good. I think I was decent and I think, I think I got away from standup because I just didn't want that lifestyle of you're in a depressing atmosphere. You have to wind your wheel up on your back and make these people laugh and you're constantly having to prove yourself. Whereas I could go into an audition and two minutes into the audition they're like, you got the job, you're the guy. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like it's so much easier than standup in my opinion. Yeah. And you get treated exponentially better. So, so what point in your career were you like, alright, I think I've broke, not broken through, but like, this is, this is, people are noticing and I feel like they, they see something in me. I, I think I was telling somebody, I think like the show Kingdom that I did about the MMA fighters of Frank Grillo and Matt Lauria, Jonathan Tucker, Nick Jonas, that show was sort of my like associate's degree and me breaking in.


I, Tonya was like the end of the associate's degree where it's like, you're getting your bachelor's now. People know your face but not your name. And then Richard Jewel was like sort of the last year of the bachelor's degree where it's like, hey, you are, you are pe people now are starting to know your name and they're starting to think of you in a different light because you're not just a silly idiot. You can, you can act too. And, and I think Blackbird is like the start of of trying to gain a master's degree. Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to do that right now. The next four years is me trying to get the master's degree and in my early forties hopefully I'm, I'm mastering this stuff and, and you know, you look at a quarterback that's about the age early forties is like, okay, you've put in your time and now you are, that's your legacy right Now we know Tom Brady.


Is Tom Brady or Aaron Rogers Is Aaron Rogers. Yeah. I like, I Think I I think you will be like one of the biggest actors in the world in the next 10 years. From your mouth to my business manager's ears. You should be, you should be. We, we said I, this might have been the same interview, but you should play Andy Reed in the Andy Reed biopic. Oh yeah. Damon was like, I'm gonna hit Hauser up about that. I'm like, he never hit me up. He Didn't hit you up. Where's, where's my Andy Reed phone call? Yeah, no. I am developing a movie with, with Ben and Matt though, something that I'm gonna act in and produce and I co-wrote. Oh, that's awesome. That's awesome. Wait, and you're, are you a Jets fan? Did I read that? Right? So here's the story on that.


I, two years ago got an email two, two and a half years ago saying the Jets organization would like to invite you to get two to four VIP passes and sit in the owner's suite. Okay. And I was like, not in New York at the time. And I, it was a lifelong Packer fan was like, I I, this is weird. Like, I wonder what propelled them to do that? The recruiting fans. Yeah. Who knows. And I, I then I got this movie, this Springsteen movie I'm doing right now in Jersey and I was like, I wonder if that offer's still on the table. I literally went to my Google emails and was like looking up jets in the search engine of my past emails, found the email and emailed my PR people and was like, Hey, I know it's too, it's like Anor McDonald voice.


Ha Yeah, I know it's two and a half years later, but, And I Still go to a Jets game for free. Hell yeah. I, I'm just say I'm a Jets fan, you know, so I, I did that and they were like, let us check. And they were like probably wary about it. And then there I was two days ago. Was it, what day is today? Monday? Yeah, Yesterday. So yesterday I was at the Jets game with my buddy Darren and we're sitting with, you know, the owner or co-owner, Chris Johnson and his wife Doris. And they could not have been sweeter and nicer and more down to earth and we're notching on lobster rolls and ecls and watching the game surrounded by all these wealthy people that I felt very outta place with.


It's fun. So, so not a Jets fan, but then you got to see your old quarterback. 'cause you're a Packers fan, your old quarterback Aaron Rogers play, it's not going well. It's, it's rough. 'cause all the talent's there, but not everything's connecting, you know, and, and, and it's, it's, you know, it's tough too. Like not everybody can stay. So you can be talented but not have the sharp or crispness that you once had. And it doesn't mean you're not good. It just means you're a 42-year-old quarterback or a 44-year-old quarterback. Right. Yeah. And I think actors are like that too, to bring it back to acting. It's like some actors, and I won't say their name as to not be rude, but when they get older, they're just not as sharp. Right. And it doesn't mean you don't enjoy them, it just means they don't have that crispness.


And then there are some that stand the test of time and are giving psychotically good performances in their eighties and nineties. And that that class of actors like a Sir Anthony Hopkins Yeah, Anthony Hopkins can still be as good as he was in Silence of the Lambs tomorrow. Yeah. Yeah. And that's a very rare thing. And I think, you know, Rogers the best days are probably behind. But I loved watching him and I met him at the ESPYs, we did a comedy skit together and he could not have been cooler. We, we had a lot of fun talking to each other. Wait, so, so that's something interesting you, you bring up, I never really thought of like, is there a, not an expiration date, but is there a career arc for an actor where it's like they become washed up?


And is that something that you actually think about in the back of your head where you're like, I have, I'm in my prime right now. I gotta, I gotta work, work, work. Because who knows at 60 will I still have it? I don't worry about that so much. 'cause I also know I'm fiercely competitive and, and I'm not fully mentally well. So I know that when I'm 60 I'll still be getting weird. Yeah. And doing different stuff doesn't mean I'm better than so and so. It just means that's how I'm built. I think I may be proven wrong in 30 years, you know, who knows. But my hope is that when I'm 60 and maybe have a couple more nominations or something under my belt, and some people are like, that's a classy actor, that's a real actor, that guy.


Like, I hope, I hope I'm still showing up and doing shows. Like, I think you should leave with Tim Robinson. Yeah. I hope I'm still showing up at WrestleMania and someone's putting me through a table. Or I hope, you know, I hope MLW is still having me back. And I, you know, like these are, these are the things I do think about is never take away your self amusement and your your competitive spirit and your, your sense of play. And I, I don't think that'll happen to you. You know? Yeah. What's It like being competitive as an actor? Dude, people don't even think about it. The way I think about it, I'm, I'm a weirdo. Like, I, I'm way too insecure and in my head with competitive nature, I, I don't think guys like Paul Dano and Adam Driver think the way I think.


I think they're very content focused and they probably don't think about it as much. I I very much think about the guys in my bracket and I'm, you know, Aaron Paul said to me very early in my career, I did a movie with him that a few people saw. And Aaron Paul gave me advice. He said, you gotta beat the town. Who are you the next of, who are you up against? Who are the guys you see at all your auditions? You gotta beat those guys out. And I kept a list of like 30, 40 guys that I was slowly trying to get all the jobs. And then eventually there were like me and four or five other guys in the top bracket.


And I was like, damn, okay. And now I'm at the point where if these three people pass, they come to me. Yeah. So it's like I'm still in my head, I'm still like, I still have this dogged obsession of I want to, I want to be the guy that gets the offer before them. Yeah. But you know, that also never stops. 'cause Christian Bale says that about DiCaprio. He has been very vocal about saying like, if DiCaprio passes, I get the offer. And it's like, so maybe that happens forever, you know? Yeah, Yeah. Or do you pay attention to the guys that are coming up behind you too? The, the relatively new guys? Are you like this guy, he's getting a little too close to me. I need to separate myself. Oh, no, no, no. Never that it's all support.


It's all love. Yeah. It's, it's just me trying to make me the best. Not to anyone else's detriment or put down. It's just me trying to show my teeth every time I open my mouth, that's all. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I love, I love the guys coming up. I love Will Poulter, Fred Hecker, Joseph Quinn Shaima is great. Like, there, there's a lot of guys coming up that are great. I think. So what's the story of the rumor that surrounded you? The Quentin Tarantino rumor, Fake news, What happened with that? It's all fake news. It's Tarantino and I have never had a meeting, he's never contacted me.


Some random blog site said that I was in contention or it was overheard that I had been offered the lead in the movie critic. And it was news to me. And me and my manager were freaking out. I remember I was sitting on the toilet on my cell phone, I'm like texting and suddenly I, my phone blows up and I go on Twitter and it was just like, and all these people are talking about it. I was like, what the hell is going on? And you know, for us we thought maybe it was true And we just hadn't been given the offer. Maybe somebody internally spilled the beans outta luncheon at the San Vicente bungalows and somebody texted somebody and they put it online.


You know, you never know. Yeah. But, but it turned out that I guess Bill Maher had Tarantino on his show, the Basement show that looks like everybody's a prisoner at a bill. Oh Yeah. The one where he like smokes weed in front of Hawk to a girl and asks her about episode Addiction. Everybody looks like a kept woman while he drinks and gets high. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, he, he and Tarantino very briefly talked about me and Ma was kind of putting me over saying like, he was in Richard Jewel, he was good. And Tarantino was like, yeah, he is been in a few things, but whatever. I think people just thought I was gonna cast him because, you know, he looks like he could be a movie critic. And I was like, oh, like, it, it totally was like a, like a kidney shot from a boxer.


I had to, I had to take a knee and be like, oh, that hurt. Yeah. Oh, I, I wish I wasn't contention, but also like, you know, there's a real world out there where wars are being fought. If I'm not a Tarantino movie, I think I'll be okay. Yeah. But yeah, I, I do, I do love the guy. I love his work and, you know, I'd love to be a fly on that wall and, and do anything in one of his movies. Yeah. And also I think if you're, if you're having your name thrown around in baseless rumors for a Quentin Tarantino movie, but they're believable enough where people are like, I could see that happen. That's probably a good thing too. Right. Certainly. Yeah. It certainly brings a smirk to your face that people can believe that. And, you know, I've had, I've had meetings with big name directors who were thinking about using me for something and for whatever reason they went another way.


And, and if anything that is just fodder for encouragement, like, Hey, you, you never know. You could wake up and you could wake up and I could be doing a recurring guest star on a sitcom, or I could be in a Spielberg movie. And that's, it's kind of a fun, exciting way to live your life, you know, to just sort of feel the pendulum swinging back and forth. And the key is to just have fun and honor every commitment. Treat a scrimmage like the Super Bowl is what I always tell young actors, because you never know who's watching and, and you wanna honor the fact that anyone gives a crap about you and gave you a role. 'cause they could cast somebody else. Yeah. So We've got some pretty deep connections in Hollywood.


Jerry O'Connell is a good friend of ours. Have you ever met Jerry O'Connell? No, but I'm a fan. I I love his brief but impactful performance and can't hardly wait. Yep. And, and I've certainly been a fan of his from Standby Me and he seems like a nice guy. Yeah. Yeah. I noticed McGuire you didn't mention Kangaroo Jack or his supermodel wife? I, I, I think it'd be a little shallow to just say that he, he's got a hot wife and did the now cult classic Kangaroo Jack. Right. I was trying to go for deeper cuts for Sure. Yeah. No, no. Supermodel wife though you can say right off the top. I loved his wife when I was 13. Supermodel wife. He's got supermodel wife. You can Google it. It's fact, I'm, I'm happy for it.


She's a very nice lady. Is it, is it Rebecca Oma? Yes. Oh, you, you know exactly. Oh, you pervert. You're a pervert. Yeah. You played that cool. Oh, what's her name? Rebecca Oma. Yeah. It's not like I know how to spell her last name. Capital R-O-M-I-J-N. Exactly. That'd be, that'd be crazy. I would Like to see you and Jerry in a movie together. I feel like that would be, that Would be good. Yeah. You and Jerry Jerry's a good actor. Or maybe that's the next hit sitcom is he's my stepdad and, and I'm like, we're trying to help each other out and we're both total messes or something. No, I think, I think it'd be better if he was your dad. And then Rebecca Romaine is your stepmom and you're always getting In trouble's.


Mom has got it going on There. It's, Hey. So you've been in some, you've had some great like part roles in, in some incredible comedy in sitcom. You were in Reno 9 1 1, you were in Always Sunny. Have you, have you ever made anyone break in, in filming those where you're like, man, this is awesome. Because I always think about that when you're like in those big shows and it's like, yeah, I, I made ev all these funny people laugh. Yeah. That happens on occasion. I'm trying to think when it's happened for me. I don't think it was, I think I remember breaking, I broke Tom Lennon once or twice on Reno and that was a big feather in the Cap.


Yeah. And I broke, I broke a couple of the Sunny people once or twice, and that was a big feather in the cap. 'cause I, I love those shows so much. They're two of my favorite shows of all time. So for me that's, that's, those moments mean as much as winning a, a acting trophy, you know, like those are your own trophies that you, you get to ponder whenever you're having a bad day. Yeah. And it's also, I mean, it was, it, is it weird like having a show like Always Sunny where it's like you watched it probably as a fan and then they call you up and like, Hey, we want you to be in. Dude, it was nuts. I was, I was at Col I was dropping outta college in Oak Park, river Forest, this place called Concordia University.


I was basically dropping out, partying my face off, ballooning up in weight and writing a movie script for Key and Peele. 'cause they had just mad TV had just gotten canceled. And my manager at the time rep them. He's like, you know, you wanna write a movie for these guys? You're looking for something to do together. And so I'm writing a script for Key and Peele before they have the hit show. And I'm dropping outta college. And most of my days were spent watching Dirty Work in Wet Hot American summer and episodes of, it's Always Sunny. And so a year later to be in the room auditioning for the show was crazy. Yeah. And then, and then stepping into the bar, I vividly remember I brought my friend to set, which was such a thing.


Like I had a weird flex back in the day where I just didn't ask permission for anything. I would just bring one of my buddies to set and he'd be hanging out with me all day without asking anybody. So like, my buddy Peter and I, Peter Hins, this really funny dude, he and I walked into the set of, it's always sunny and walking into that bar and seeing everything, it was like, it was, it was like The Wizard of Oz or something. Like we, we could not believe we were in the bar if it's always sunny. Yeah. Yeah. That's nuts. Gets so awesome. That's gotta be crazy. Going back to, to making people break on set. That never happens in a show like Blackbird. Right.


I wouldn't say it never happens. I mean, there's a famous clip on YouTube of somebody, I think it might've been Phil Hartman or somebody had a fart machine in the elevator, in a scene in the Master, the PT Anderson film. That's a pretty serious film. Or at least an intense film. And like, and like they, they had a moment where everybody broke and it was like over a fart joke. So like it can happen. But I, I would say most of the time on Blackbird 98% of the time we were both locked in, you know, deathly serious about the work. But I will, I will say you have to keep stuff light outside of it. Yeah. And I think there were a day or two, not that he ever truly showed it, but there had to be a day or two where I annoyed the crap outta Tarn.


Like in between takes or in between setups where I'd be doing an accent or a celebrity impression or dancing or being stupid. And for me it was like therapeutic. But for him, it, at some point, I'm sure it proved distraction. Yeah. But like I, you, you gotta break up the intensity somehow. You gotta stay sane. And for me, nowadays, if I'm having a rough, rough day for whatever reason, I just watch a couple clips from, I think you should leave on Netflix and, and I'm out of it. Or I'll watch a really good wrestling match from MLW or another organization on YouTube. And it makes me feel better, you Know? Who was your favorite wrestler growing up?


Sting was my number one. Okay. Still is? Still is, still is. Well he retired, but you know what it is? It's, everybody's got their Mount Rushmore, he's the top of mind. And I think I just admired the fact that he, he was second fiddled to Hulk Hogan in that good guy era. But Hogan was like never really selling for other people. He was always saying like, I'm the dude, you can't get one over on me. And Sting would sell for people. Sting you could beat the crap outta Sting, but he would still come back. Yeah. And I feel like I saw that more than I saw with Hogan. I admired that. Loved the flare and pizazz of the guy going from surfer sting to the crow sting.


And he got all dark and serious and fought the NWO with just a baseball bat and a silent face. Like there was something so cool about that. And, and he stood the test of time and just recently, you know, had his final match back in the spring of this year and Greensboro, North Carolina. And I got to be there and Tony Kahn allowed me to sit ringside with some dear friends. One of my oldest friends, Ryan Zer, who, you know, I've known the guy 30 something years. Sting was like our guy. And we're standing there, you know, nearly emotional as as he has his final match. It was amazing. That's incredible. Who else is on your Mount Rushmore? So there's two types of Rushmores, right?


There's the one where you're trying to objectively give the top four for from the worldly perspective. And then there's personal Rushmore. Yep. Which one do you want? I want personal. Yeah, I want personal. Personal. Rushmore is Sting. Bre Hart, I think. I think Rick Flair and Chris Jericho. Oh, okay. Personal. I think those are the four. And, but Jericho's tough too. He just sneaks in there past, he just sneaks in there past a couple other guys. Like, like Ricky Steamboat or Randy Savage. Yeah, Randy Savage.


He was the best. Yeah. I miss that guy. Macho man. Yeah. I think my top 10 has a bunch of random guys too. Like, they're not who you'd think I, I don't go for the low hanging fruit of the undertaker. Andre the Giant and Sean Michaels like, I, I like guys who are impactful in different ways. I love Dustin Rhodes, AKA gold Dust, Ray Mysterio, Mick Foley. Kurt Engle. Not all the people that get put at the top. Yeah. Mankind is probably on my rush for, I've got a really dumb question for you in real, but I think about this with actors. I'm a very dumb person. Serve it up, bro. Alright. How much time do you put in behind the scenes? Just literally memorizing your lines?


Depends on the role. Depends on the role. There's, there are certain things like Richard Jewel, I would learn my lines a a week, like five to seven days in advance and I'd be very overly familiar with them and it could kind of fall outta me a lot easier. And then there's other things, if I'm doing a comedy, there's just less of a stress of learning the lines. It just feels like, I don't know, it's like ba marro, the skateboard. Like it's not like he's in shape and skateboards all the time, but like he can still jump on a skateboard and, and do whatever 'cause he is bam. Yeah. That's kind of how I feel about comedy. But I think that's actually a really dangerous way to, it's a dangerous attitudinal stance.


'cause you can then sometimes give 85% when you should be given a hundred. So, so it depends. But, but yeah, I, I, my whole thing is I learned one page at a time, so I'll always know the first page of dialogue better than the last. But I, I, for me, that's just my process. I learned one page at a time. The biggest audition I ever had page wise. I think I learned, I think I Tanya was 13 pages. I, I memorized and I think scream four, I memorized like 15 pages. Geez. So when you're rehearsing for like black Klansmen, there's some lines of dialogue in that movie you probably would never want to say in any context besides No.


In front of a camera, right? Are you, are you doing, are you rehearsing like the full lines? Yeah. If I have to, if I have to like feel the words and, and say them in a way where it, you don't feel the timidity in the character. 'cause like I've, I've met some weird racist ass dudes at dive bars or you know, one of those low key racist guys who's like putting the bait out and seeing if you'll if you'll touch the, the pole line. Yeah. Seeing if your friend friend or foe Yeah. The yeah. The Uber driver who's like talking politics and then it's like, yeah. You know how these people are, then they're looking at you in the rear view and you're like, I want to fricking die right now. Yeah, yeah.


I don't wanna be in this guy's car. I've met enough of them that like, you can't have timidity. It's gotta be, if you were born with that ideological stance, it has to be as normal as well. Yeah. We always have pork chops on Thursdays. Yeah. Right. It just has to be normal to you. So you don't say it because you're like, look at me. I'm saying the rap lyrics behind closed doors, you're doing it 'cause you Right. You have to make sure it's right. But I would say what's harder is when you improvise with a bad character. Yeah. There were lines that I said in Black Bird and black Klansmen that I improvised that you feel very guilty about. Because afterwards you go, well that wasn't in the script and you still got there.


So how'd you get there? That's tough. Yeah. That's acting. Yeah, that's acting. Yeah. That's really Good acting. It's also acting. Yeah. It's also sometimes good acting and you're like, oh, that is a really good line. Unfortunately it's devastatingly awful, but that's who you're playing on the day. Yeah. Un unfortunately. It's really, really racist. And you came up with it all on your own. Yeah, I, I had a disgusting moment where I felt so bad. I'm doing a scene with John David Washington, who's about as likable and sweet of a person as you can get on a movie set. And, and I did something where I stuck my mouth out to look like a ape or a primate with my tongue to, to piss him off in the scene.


Now Spike gave me the direction of you're up in his grill, do something that could provoke him, but he won't be provoked. So like, that's what I thought of for that character. But the moment after it was done, I went up to John David, I go, Hey man, I just wanna say it. And he goes, I know, I know. Like very much said it like I know where you're going with it. And I like, we we're on the same page here. Don't, don't, don't take your foot off the pedal just because you're uncomfortable. Yeah. And I, I really admired his, his grace and professionalism with that. And, and there have been moments like that in other projects and sometimes you just gotta be able to have a conversation preliminarily too, sometimes I won't do something.


'cause I'm like, I don't want to get, I don't want someone to create a story of me being a bad person because I made a creative choice. So let me run this by them first to make sure they're comfortable. And 90% of the time the other actor's like, oh, you shouldn't have even told me. You should just done it. Right. It's like Before you step into the wrestling ring. Yeah, That too. I'm always asking wrestlers, you know, like, like these guys in MLW, that's their locker room. I'm a guest in their locker room. I'm new to the roster and I really respect those guys and gals. And it's always about finding out what do, what are we doing and, and how do we do it the best way that doesn't complicate something or hurt, hurt anybody long term. Yeah.


So Paul, this has been awesome man. We really appreciate you joining us. I got one last


question. It's the Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take


I mentioned at the top, but major league wrestling, there's free pay-per-view, or sorry, free matches. The big streams are on YouTube. So the que last question I have for you is, if wrestling started taking off for you and they're like, you have to give up acting, would you do it? Like Really take off If they gave me that ultimatum and something weird happened where say say in 2026, I undergo the Chris Pratt style transformation. Yeah. And ML W's taking off and they got a show on TV and I'm, they wanna put a belt on me and they want, we're doing the whole thing.


If that opportunity presented itself, I would just hold my ground and say, you have to let me do both. Yeah. I, I don't think I would take the deal because at the end of the day, I love acting. I, it would hurt my feelings to, it would hurt my spirit to not get to act in some capacity. And you gotta ask my wife, my wife Amy is such a patient, grace driven woman there. She knows that when I go 3, 4, 5 months without acting, I'm not that fun to be around. I'm like starved for attention. And I'm like, hell bent on making my jokes and suddenly I'm in the kitchen and I'm trying to turn into Anthony Bourdain or Guy Fii. Like, it's like, it's a very, you know, we're sick people, actors.


Yeah. So it's like, I think it would hurt the soul and the brain too much if I didn't do it. But I do think that there's a way to do both and I'm trying to prove that. And the other thing to anyone listening, like know your value. If you're good at what you do and somebody's saying there's an ultimatum, tell them give give them a, a counter ultimatum. Yeah. That you need to do both. And you know, you'll, you'll find out that when you stick to your guns and you, you are who you say you are, you, you should be able to do both. That it's, that's a great, a great sentiment. And it's also what you said about like going crazy when you don't act for a while. That's, that's why you're an incredible actor. I mean we, we, we obviously we do a stupid podcast, but when we go five days without talking to each other about sports, we're like, what the fuck?


Like, our brain starts to Go crazy. Yeah. It, it nourishes your spirit to do these things you love. And I, I really believe in, you know, not to, not to be too preachy. My my dad's literally a, a retired minister. But I believe that God put us all on earth to do different things to, to embody something that can benefit other people. You guys do it yourselves. You entertain and educate people on topics they're interested in. And you give people a reprieve from a dark, twisted, difficult world. And, and I think I do the same. And like, you know, it's when you feel that inside yourself and you go, man, I feel thirsty for this thing. That's God's way of telling you you're meant to do that. Yeah.


We're Put on the Surface. So I, I would, I would encourage people, follow the breadcrumbs, you know, follow the, the trail of, of passion. 'cause it's, it's there for a reason. Yeah. I appreciate you telling us that. We educate people. We haven't educated a single person. No. We, we did. Well you educate them on other people. Right? We Did. We we educated Sports or movies. Numerous NFL head coaches on what to do in the fourth quarter of a playoff game. If you're losing by two scores True and it's fourth down, fourth and eight, do you kick the fuel goal or do you give the ball back to Tom Brady to beat you in the NFC championship game? Listen, you guys were the first people to say the Andy Reed thing. So if that happens, we can go back and be like, these guys educated us. That's true. Yeah.


They were prophetic. Yeah. I knew this was happening. You would absolutely kill an Andy Reed rule. Yeah. At the end of the day, I'm looking to work with anybody who's kind, who treats people well and wants to, wants to work hard and tell a good story. Whatever that looks like. It could be a setcom, it could be a, a little indie foreign film. It could be anything. But at the end of the day, you hope to do something that you're proud of, you know. And I never want to be that actor who just takes a bad movie for a lot of money. I have two children who are gonna be in private school and life is not cheap. It can be very difficult sometimes. So I'm sure there's gonna be that temptation too.


But, but I try to make things that I would want to pay my hard earned money to go see it. The a MC theater, the Regal Cinema. Yeah. I Think it comes across too. So is there, is there one role, not one that you have like the ball in motion for, so taking out like the Chris Farley, any of that stuff, is there something that you've been fascinated with, a story or an individual that you've just been really, really interested in? Who you would like to play or a role that you would really like to play at some point? Good question. Yeah. I'll leave you at this. I, I have three roles I really want to inhabit in the next five years. I wanna, I wanna play Teddy Roosevelt. Oh, Oscar. Yes. Oscar. There You go.


Yes. Oscar. And that's another one where I just, I know I can play him. I'm not even worried about it. It just, I just have to convince other people to wanna do it. The other one is a father who knows how to be present and not on his phone all the time. Okay. Good role. That's a role I really need to inhabit and get better at. 'cause I Sci-fi I can be Yeah. It's a fantasy. This is a genre. And the, yeah. As a father, I mean, I want to inhabit that characteristic. The third role is I want to kick somebody's ass in MLW and I'm gonna be doing that Thursday night, the Melrose Ballroom in, in Long Island City.


And I hope you check it out in person if you can't make it in person Court Bauer in all his benevolence is providing these pay-per-view style cards for free on YouTube. So check It out. I love it. I love it. Cool. Well Paul, thank you so much for your time, man. We're big fans of yours and keep crushing it. I'd also like to invest in the Teddy Roosevelt film when it gets made. Yeah, yeah. Manifesting. I got some money coming through. Travis Hunter for Heisman. Love to you guys. And let's do this again in like a year or two here. Yeah. All right. Love it. Sounds good. Thanks so much, man.


Paul Walter Hauser was brought to you by her great friends over at Body Armor. I'm drinking my body armor right now. Got their water. I drank several body armors on Sunday keeping me hydrated during the NFL streams. Body armor's also presenting, surviving bar stool, keeping Big Cat hydrated throughout all the challenges. Surviving bar stool it takes outta you. I remember when I did it, it was just like, try, try to survive. Just survive in advance. And you can't do it without staying super hydrated. Body Armor is delicious. Their sports drink has great tasting flavors like strawberry banana, blue raspberry. It's packed with electrolytes, vitamins, and nothing artificial. Not only do we hydrate with body armor, but some of the best athletes in the world do as well. Like Christian McCaffrey, Joe Burrow, Sabrina unesco, everybody's drinking body armor these days. Get yours today at Walmart or at a local grocery store near you.


He was also brought to you by Shake Shack. It's day three of the Shake Shack. Yes. Holiday Burger Blitz. And on the slate today. Yes. We have the avocado bacon burger. Oh hell yes. Nothing Like avocado and bacon on a burger. Hank. Lemme get one of the, lemme get hot bacon Fries. These smell so good. So I'm on a diet, but I don't care. Diet's over Dunking is probably most likely a hundred. No. 99.9% not happening. I'm gonna enjoy a burger 'cause it smells so good. This is the perfect burger right here. Yeah. Love Shake Shack. Oh my God. It's actually outstanding. This is a burger worth braving a tackle for Head to Shake Shack. Use Code Burger Blitz. And the avocado Bacon Burger is all yours for free with $10 minimum purchase. How crazy is that? Love it. They're giving you a free burger. I love it. $10 minimum purchase. Get your avocado bacon burger for free when you use promo code Burger Blitz. It's been, it's been a great, maybe, maybe the best Burger Blitz of all time. Yeah. Holiday Burger Blitz this year has delivered Ti the season for free Shake Shack Burgers. Again, go to Shake Shack, use Code Burger Blitz and the avocado bacon burgers all yours for free with a $10 minimum purchase in terms apply.


What's your favorite blitz of the week? Mm. Blitz. I Had Blitz Blitz that Vikings defensive end. I know it's not a blitz blitz. That was a pretty good strip sack. Yeah. Blitz Blitz. The Burger Blitz promo code Burger Blitz. Get a free Shake Shack burger with $10 minimum purchase. That's so good. Before we do FAQs. Well Hank you got to, you're eating your burger and you're supposed to read FAQs. What? It's so good. It's so good. Do you guys a q for you guys? You know how the, the, the daylight savings thing is is back in the, in the news whether we should or we shouldn't And we're like, Hey, wish we had another hour of sunlight in the winter.


I'm an idiot. I didn't realize that. If we just, if we like didn't do daylight savings or I don't even understand the, the terminology. If we didn't do daylight savings Yeah. It would get dark at like seven, like 15 in the summer. Oh really? Never realized that. We'd have to give that up the opposite Side of it. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't need it and I Don't mind the winter. Yeah. Yeah. That's, I don't want that. I thought it, it was like someone I thought It only fucked with us. No, it was like the, the sun would would rise at like 4 45 in the summer and then set at like 7 45. That's the opposite of what I want. The summer sucks. Yeah. So just suck it up for the winter. We're already, we're five days away from the long or the shortest day of the year.


We're gonna be on the other side soon. Yeah. It sucks for like the first week when you're like, oh, it shouldn't be dark this early. But then it's like, whatever. It's, Yeah, just get through it. Everyone, People that bitch about winter are fucking losers. Listen. And also It's cold And it's dark early And also get over it. Also, don't bitch, Move to California if you don't like it. Don't bitch about winter until like late January, early February. This is not winter yet because it's holiday season. Everyone's happy there's football on. This does not count as winter yet. That's what Always fucks with you is that you think, oh we're, it's gonna get dark so early in the wintertime, but then it starts to get longer in January. Yeah. Because we're about to Yeah, we're almost there December 21st. We about to take that home. Yeah. Also, if you change the, if you take away daylight savings time, that takes away like three hours worth of recurring bits on part of my take.


What are talking About bits? Just think about that. Think about the podcasters Out there. What you talking about? What do you mean bits? Well, because Last year You mean PSAs? No, last, not bits. Last year. We thought that the clocks went back in the fall. Oh. And we fucked that up the entire time. I think you thinking of, I think you were thinking of PSAs 'cause we've been bought by big time. No, we kept saying that it, it falls back, but it actually goes forward. It falls forward in the fall. Yeah. That was our up, that was a bad year for us. Yeah. When we did our final year review with Dave, he's like, Hey, it says here you guys, you guys screwed up the daylight savings thing. We're like, fuck man. No excuses. Next year we'll nail it. Yeah. We have to do 10 minutes in the dungeon for every time we fuck that up. But seriously, I mean it's, we're almost there.


What, what is it? Divisional round January, I think. I think it's January 18th is when we moved the clocks back again. So we're almost there. We've almost made it. Yeah. We we pretty much made it. Yeah. Okay. FAQs. Hey boys. What will President Pug do about Max's injury? I believe Pug needs to address weekly injuries, like midweek coaches press conference. And I Like that that would we actually need him to do an availability report because I was dealing with little sickness the last like week and a half a rolling sickness in my house. Yeah. I I was questionable a couple times. What, What is pug doing about healthcare as president on this podcast? But he needs to give like an update of like how everyone's feeling. Just so we can set the stage of like, listen, we're we're football guys.


We don't complain. I don't think I, you guys even know that I was dealing with it. I puked seven times on Saturday. Damn. The only reason I would talk about an injury is if it was mandated for me to report it. Yeah. Otherwise I don't want people to know. Right. But pug, you should definitely do a, a mandated injury report. Yeah. On how you, you need to, you need to like pull all of us separately how we're doing and then like game days you should just, you could just do a tweet Or press con Instagram live press conference. But if he's doing it three times a week, We get pug like a a step and repeat that he can stand in front of. Yeah. I think he does it once a week. I would like to see a, a once a week injury report. But what I mean there's game days then, or show days then, Then that can be tweets.


Then we have to wait for all the test results to come back and we'll have more information about his injury as the week progresses. Yeah. So I missed the first part. This is just show Injury reports. Yeah. We, we, I think you need to start adding injury reports. Maybe make a graphic and like, maybe it's, maybe it's every Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday. It doesn't have to be a press conference, but it just says like, you can ask all of us how we're doing just so the listeners know what we're dealing with. So it could be physical and Emotional. Mental Yeah, of course. Anything. Of course. Okay. Yeah. People can give you their Answer. Yeah. I'll start sending you my sleep stats. Yeah. Bears have me depressed. Okay. Yeah. Fat.


Fat. Was that for you? No, but like some it might be in the future. Yeah. Yeah. Doubtful fat. Yeah. You're, you'll be like, you'll be like Tom Brady's shoulder. Remember he is listed like what it was like 17 years in a row. Yeah. With a probable it was probable shoulder. Okay. If someone should stay, stay the same every time. Yeah. Yeah. Memes angry means Italian. Yeah. Limit limited Participant. Italian, non horny kind. Hey, PMT gang. My FAQ is How long does it take to write boomers on Sunday for the Monday show? They're always so clever and funny and I always get a good chuckle out Of them. Oh, thank you. That's nice.


It depends week to week, honestly, depending on what the schedule is. If we have a Bears game or a commander's game or a really good game like we had last weekend. Yeah. In the late slate. We just put off writing the boomers as long as we can and then we, we just write like hell for about, I don't know, 40 minutes. Yeah. And also Hank writes his boomer memes does, his dad Has been a very big help. Max does his, it's been a very big help. We've gotten a lot more efficient on our Sunday schedule. Yeah. 'cause I was thinking about it like it used to be that we wouldn't be done till one or two in the morning. We're usually done about 1130. Shout out to guys in the booth because they're, they stay till like three or four in the morning. Awesome. Time zones. Time zones. But still like we No, yeah, no, the New York.


It was, We've gotten very efficient. But yeah. I'm also, I'm gonna miss football season. I'm very excited for playoffs. I think I said this last week, but I'm excited to like sit down and soak in one single game. Yeah. For like, I was thinking about the wild card round the other day. Like I'm, I'm just so pumped to just like one matchup. You get to focus on individual games. This is, they do kind of set you up with like the, the Christmas and then they're gonna do the Saturday one games. Right. So like, This is the point of the season though, where we just have a lot of football. That doesn't mean anything. So it's like, just get me, I just wanna hit the fast forward to the playoffs. 'cause it's like I want to just, let's get this thing on. Let's get it on.


Who would last the longest in a zombie apocalypse. Resources of plenty out of the group. And who would kill themselves first just to get it over with. So are are we saying like the, the dead rise, like everybody that's dead shows up. Can I, can I make a confession? I don't like zombies. I've Never been a zombie guy. I don't like zombies, Don't like the shows, don't like the movies just doesn't do it for me. I don't like, I just, there's nothing, it does nothing for me. I don't know why everybody decided that. Like, zombies are a thing. Right. And we're always gonna talk about zombies. Which, what about like what about like playing into the apes? Like, like plague like you're trying to survive. Not zombies per se, but like, you know, there's a plague that's taking over the country you're trying to survive.


Or like Smith movie. What we Would do is we would Dr. Fauci on the program. Yeah. That's how we get Through. I guess that's zombies. I think I would, I would, I would survive the exact amount of like average time. I Would probably be, I would probably put myself in the kill myself first. I feel like PFT could survive. Like just eating random shit. You live next to the lake though. Just get to water. Is that how it works? Yeah. I mean I think that's what you're supposed to do in swim, right? Just get to water. Whatever the thing is. Get to water. I think I would just, I think I'd be okay. Like I would just, I I could deal with making deal. You Could just eat Fritos for like three years. Yeah. Yeah. I could, I could do that. If a new hits, you just go underwater for the five seconds it hits.


I always thought that was a tsunami. Like just swim underneath it. Wait, what if you, you thought that the way to survive a tsunami was to jump into the water? Well, yeah. You know how like when you're in the, in the water and you just go underneath the wave? ID Yeah. Like when you're body surfing. Yeah. You can, yeah, Sure. I I don't know if all these Idiots running away from the federal. This, That might not be wrong. That might not be wrong. Yeah, sure. All right. Nikki wrote, I think she said she's studying and she must have taken a hoc, she wrote like five questions. Who creates the cover graphics for podcast episodes? What is the go-to music for the office to listen to? And do you guys have a sick Christmas tree in the office?


Mm. Goat. The the graphics is our guy trigs. He is the goat trig goat. What? Singular But isn't it Trigs draws. Trig draws I think over the years we've just called him trigs. I Just added an ass. Trig. Trig is trigs. No, it's trigs. Trigs is is the man. He he is like so, so, so, so talented. Also hit him up if you want like side work because he does incredible stuff where like he can make all kinds of art and, and cool things. He's a big sports fan. He's a very talented artist. And he also does some sick ass graphics for like college football Saturdays. Yeah. Where he shows you exactly what games are on what channel at what time. Yeah.


So, hi. His Twitter handle is, what is it? Draws Trig draws. Trigs draws. No. Trig draws. I think it's the, the, the s on draws that has me. It's like when Gilly calls it Bar stools. Yeah, trig draws. He's the man. So do hit him up. Yeah. He's got a shop online. That is, I mean that, yeah. The Tiger Wood stuff. Those prints are awesome. But do go to song in the office. Don go to have music in The office. No music, Whatever. Brandon Walker paces around the office too. At 7:00 AM Yeah. And then what was the last question? Do you guys have a sick Christmas tree in the office? I we have one. We have two. Two. I think we have Two. I wouldn't say that it's sick 'cause it's not live.


No. Live Trees are way better. Yeah, we have Two. It reminds I gotta, I gotta get copper tree. I gotta get my tree. Yeah. It's like one week away. Yeah. So Get It. But no, you, you don't understand the way I operate. I two fakey operate with Christmas trees. I get them up till February a little bit late and then I, And I keep up forever. I get it. I get my fill in on the back end. Yeah. Think that Thing's Not gonna wait. Wait until after the Super Bowl. Daylight savings time is probably when it's time to take the tree down. Yeah. My, oh yeah. January 10th. That's a little early my guess. But big Super Bowl. Yeah. Oh yeah. January 18th. Sorry. The divisional round. Okay. You got any more? No. Okay. Let's wrap up the show numbers.


Memes. You ever gotten this? No. 92. Oh Look at you. This is a new meme. No, he's just admitting it. Three. I did guess It though. No You didn't. You Didn't get it. Everyone guess it every week. Yeah. Every Day. I guess it. Everyone Can guess it. No you didn't. I'm guessing eight for my drug addict quarterback. Mm. 1794 Pug. 21. Okay. Reset. Reset. Good luck, memes. Thanks. Good luck to everybody here too. Thanks Memes. Did you get like a new medication or something? No.


75. Love you guys.