
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's PardonMyTake of my take, we have our good friend Cole Kubick talking college football. College football. Wednesdays we're gonna talk a little college ball. We also have a Monday night football game to talk about Philadelphia. Eagles had quite the loss and we're gonna hear from our producer Max who was there. The Falcons had quite the win. The Falcons did have quite the win. We are gonna do Hot, Seat. Cool Throne. We're gonna do PardonMyTake. Your Take Listener submitted takes that we're gonna judge and


it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. Can't make bets. Make Pyxis NFL season with DraftKings. Pick six, which Whiteouts scored more than two tds, which QBs threw for less than 350 yards, which d Lyman had more than two sacks. Now if you think you can pick who will do what before kickoff, you gotta play pick six. From DraftKings, an official daily fantasy partner of the NFL. It's super simple To get started. First download the DraftKings Pick six app, then select between two and six players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat like yards, touchdown sacks, and more. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. And for all first time, pick six players. Check this out. New customers play $5 on your first pick. Six set. Get $50 in, pick six credits. Jump in now to the new most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings pick six app now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5 on your first pick. Six set. Get $50 in. Pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER must be 18 and over. Agent eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction void. Were prohibited. One per new customer non withable. Pick six credits expire in six months. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go Football. My PardonMyTake, my Welcome to PardonMyTake of my take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings pick six app. Now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5 on your first pick. Six set. Get $50 in, pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The Crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, September 18th and the Philadelphia Eagles are max. I don't know. Oh. Oh, you don't know the dreaded. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know is a bad place to be. Yep. Not a good place to be. So were at the game last night. Max went to, he got on a, a rare trip on a plane that did not involve a wedding. Correct. And you went to Philadelphia Monday Night Football. The eyes of America on Philadelphia. Nick Foles retirement night. Yeah. They also like didn't do anything. They're like, Well no, they had Jason Kelsey. What was, Was Nick Foles retirement night? But Jason Kelsey was there. Jason Kelsey's always there on Monday night. That, that one Philadelphia super fan that has a Philly fanatic with the his Belly button.


Even I, I sat right next to that guy the entire Game. So give us the injury update. He, he was very much struggling. Okay. So to I, Like, there's no doubt in my mind that man has a torn a C Wow. Pro football doc said confirmed torn a c We Also took the saddest picture together after the game. I Didn't see it. I didn't see it. Send it. Don't matter. Send it to us. Oh, I don't have it. Don't What Do you mean on his phone? What's his name? What's his Instagram? That guy's gotta be a legend, right? Tofe. I'll get, I'll get his exact, I'll get his exact Instagram handle to give him, Give him his props. So Dumpty 2 1 5. I should have known that. you know what, let's do before we talk to you Max about the Eagles. Let's just say that. Yeah, do your thing. Kirk Cousins was phenomenal to end the game.


Yep. He, it was like the beginning of the game. It looked like Kirk Cousins was, maybe his eyes were not, he wasn't really trusting it. He was a little slow on a couple of his reads, but then he locked in, let him down the field. Incredible. Drive the Falcons are fun. Bija Robinson is fucking awesome. Even in the first half when Kirk wasn't playing well. Yeah, he He Moves so much faster than other running backs. Yeah, he's crazy. Bija Robinson is awesome. Or as Troy Ekman calls him, BJ Robinson. BJ Robinson. Which was an interesting just nickname that he came up on the fly for in the fourth quarter. But yeah, the Falcons, the running game looked pretty decent in the first half. They had to settle for fuel goals. Nick Sirianni did not settle for fuel goals in the first half.


Yeah, that was a weird move. And And, it's funny because Big Cat Max, you don't have to listen to this part, but we have to figure out, 'cause we need to walk a very fine tightrope here of criticizing Nick Sirianni for what he did in Monday Night Football without making it seem like it's the exact same criticisms of Dan Campbell, the NFC championship game. Because I think we reacted to that like trust in Dan Campbell. He's your guy. Well, I mean, is what he's like. Well it's simple that the, I think the, the simple way to do this is that the Lion's locker room believes in Dan Campbell. And I don't know if I could say the same for the Eagles Locker. That's good point, locker point. That's good point. So it's totally two different, it's not like one's the Italian Dan Campbell. No, it's The mentality of it. It's not Don Campbell. Yeah, Right.


See the But but the the Falcons are are very fun. And I actually have a question for you. PFTI believe that we officially have to end the narrative that the NFC South is the worst division in football because they have the two and Oh Saints, the one in one Falcons, the two and oh bucks. Yes. The Panthers. We will talk about Bryce Young in a minute, but they're, they're a good division now. So who gets to be the worst division in football? I have 2 2 2 Nominees. Two nominees for you. Okay. Let me think just off the top of my head. Well, one you're not gonna expect Hit me. The one you maybe expect is the A FC South. I think they definitely could be a nominee.


The Texans are really good, but the Jaguars have struggled. The Cols are, oh and two Titans and the Titans are own two. So you have three oh and two teams. The other one NFC East, the other one is the NFC East. Well, we're on top of the NFC East right now. But The other one might be the NFC East because I don't know, it's, it's basically the Eagles are the swing vote. Yeah. If the Eagles all, all politics go through Pennsylvania this fall, if the Eagles are considered a good team. I do not think the NFC East is, is a bad, is the worst division in football. If the Eagles are a bad team, they might, that might be the worst division in football. Well, let's get real, it, it's basically expected for the Eagles and the Cowboys to be Super Bowl con contenders. Correct. And then if you get a bonus season outta Washington or out of New York Giants, then it's like, wow, the NFC beast is back.


I could say the Giants are probably not gonna give us that bonus. C prob probably not that, not that period. So I think it's maybe a FC South right now. But it could end up being the NFC East. It's a possibility. I mean, I think what happened with the Eagles last night, there's, they could have won that game a million different ways. Yeah. So the Eagles could have won if they had kicked that field goal in the first quarter. Which, and it's not, it's not hindsight to say it. I tweeted out at the time that Nick Sirianni should be arrested. Yeah. We were all texting the three of us. We had a side chat. I think that just the take that Nick Sirianni should be arrested is applicable to all sorts of different things that he does. Yeah. But for that field goal in the first half, you wanna take those points in the first, I think it was a scoreless game at the time. Right. It was, would like to add those points and the Eagles, I think they, they played better than the Falcons for almost all the game.


And then at the end you could put the game away with Saquon just catching a pass or You're Gonna miss one that they could've won on but continue. Okay. Or they Hanging onto the touchdown catch that got batted out of his hands. I think that's Devonte Smith, right? Not re ma Matthew Ju Sirianni called up a play to try and get them off sides. Right Before the Saquon catch did a hard count, Matthew Judon jumped. Jordan Otta just didn't react. Oh. And then they had to call the time. So Jordan Too, Jordan didn't fall start to point out the referees. He made me fall. But that, I mean the whole goal of that, of that play is to do that. And you got that done and your brain was just gone because all you have to do is make a little movement.


You got the first down game over. Here's a, here's a crazy idea. And I don't know if Max has thought about this. So you mentioned the Saquon drop, which was an egregious drop. It was a, a perfect play call. Like called up play perfect pass everything. What about, and this is might sound crazy running the football there. Hmm. you know what? Big Cat in a situation like this, it would be awesome if the Eagles had a quarterback that was outstanding at handoffs. Yeah. Because so the argument that people are making today is, well the play was perfect and Saquon just needs to make the catch. Which is true. But when you do a pass play, there's always a chance that a guy might not catch the ball. Therefore stopping the clock when you do a run play.


Yes, I guess you could fumble, but you're doing a run play that then takes another 40 seconds off the clock and I'll even get crazy here. Ready? Ready for this Max. I think you run it twice and you get a first down because you're the Philadelphia Eagles and no one can stop when you run it with your biggest offensive line in football. Thoughts Going for it on not going for it on fourth down is worse than the pass play. But running it twice is the move. Yes. But if you weren't going to run, it takes so much time off the clock. Shut up time. And if you weren't Gonna run it twice, it, everyone keeps getting, being mad about the pass play. You draw it up perfectly. The fact the, But there's always a chance, A chance of saquon dropping that ball in that situation is, I would argue just as likely of of a a fum.


Max. Max. That was a pitch play. Max. Max. Max. It was a fucking pitch play Max. He should, how does he drop that? Should he should. Right. Here's a couple things. Max, max, Max, no Sequan should have caught the ball. You're right. But to say that it's, it's just as likely it's even close to say it's just as likely as him fumbling is egregious. It's insane. It's a psychotic thing to say. Also, I think five, I think Saquon bark. Nobody Wait in stride. Learn around it. Ball. Learn ball. How do you drop that ball? Ball. Learn ball. I think Saquon Barkley has, he's a running back learn ball. Hank, I think Saquon Barkley has the highest drop percentage he does of any running back in the N nfl. He 16 drops since 2021. Learn ball 16 drops since 2021 max. I Don't give a fuck. You have to catch that ball. You have To to run that ball. No. Yes. I have a question for you.


How long did it, if, if they run that football don't and kick the field goal? How much time's left on the clock? No. How much Time It Twice? Hold on, hold on it Twice. How much time's left on the clock? On a minute. But hold on. How time did it take for them to score? Hold on, hold on a minute. We talk about your defense second. I'm not saying run it once. I'm saying we're run it twice. Yes. That's what I'm saying. The fourth down is worse is worse than that Play. 'cause guess what? If you run it twice and you don't get the first down, not only has more time gone off, but that's, but the Falcons 24, the Falcons will, will very much likely play for a field goal instead of a touchdown. Because that's what teams mostly do. And you would've gone to overtime. You don't But you don't. But that's h you would, That's so What. do you mean it's hindsight? I said in the time when it was happening, I was like, why aren't you running it?


Yes. But but that, that's obvious to say when you dropped the football Max. Max the perfect look, max. Yes. Before the play even happened, I sat, I was sitting on my couch being like, why are they not running this ball? Max take 40 seconds off the clock. But everyone's thinking that And, it took him a minute to get down the field. Max. You need to, That's what I'm, I agree with you. You have to be able to think about two things at the same time. Agree. Fourth down, two things at the same time. One is yes, the play should have worked. It was wait, wait. He was exactly, exactly. Lemme say the second thing you have to think about. You're thinking really well about that one. You wanna first down Ideally, yeah. You want a first Down the other side is that running the football eliminates the possibility of a turnover on downs at that exact point.


You're not gonna fumble the ball And. It's a perfectly normal sane thing that most coaches would do in that situation. And 40 seconds go off the clock. It took a minute. It doesn't matter. It pressure does matter. That's a totally different pressure situation. When you have one minute and one minute and 40 seconds to start your offense. You basically are saying when you have one minute, you cannot, you have to have perfect plays all the way down the field. And They did. I understand Max. I'm not playing the results I'm playing. Just the fact that in the situation where you have one minute and 40 seconds left, third and three on the five yard line, you run that ball a hundred times out of a hundred to take 40 seconds off the clock. Yep. Yes. It's very easy to say that now. I no, I said it before.


Very easy to say that. Now I said it before. I said It before, but then what happened if Saquon catches that ball? No. Which There's a 95% chance. What's His drop Right pick cat. It's, He's dropped the most passes. 13%. 60%. So it's not, so it's not, that's also not the same. Like it's not a hundred percent. All drops aren't the same. And you know that that's true. Like in that situation it was A hard catch. But he's In in, no People are calling him a loser player. Five yard. It was a five yard pass. He's never won the link. People were calling him a loser player. But Max, That's wasn't, you have to think about that whenever you call a pass plays, even if it's a Perfectly execute pass. But There's a, but a there's a chance a pass play down the field going through the middle of the field is way different than a five yard screen pass. But a pass, you Know that.


But a pass, you know, pass play could always be an incompletion And a run play could always be a fumble. But The chances a being a fumble are so much lower. A drop in that situation is low as fuck, But not as low as afu. Yes. Not, not that, not that different. Max. Come on, win the game Max. Come on. You win the game right there. Come on Max. You don't know what happens with The run now you're the Philadelphia Eagles. You get three yards on two runs. Very easy to say without actually seeing it. I've seen, I've seen them get three yards on two runs. Very easy to say without actually seeing it. No, No, no, no. You're, I think they were both averaging like four yards of carry. Dale was, doesn't matter. You're pretending like we're playing hindsight. But in the moment you're, we were, we were thinking that matter. We're no max in the moment. We were was a surprising Play call when he threw the ball. Everybody was surprised by it.


Yes. But then, so that Doesn't mean That's Hindsight Look that you want, you run the ball, the look that you Want. Just run the ball also After the game. You got to look Nick Siri said twice. Yes. If you're going to do it twice. I agree. Nick Siri should ball forward on fourth panel. Big. Cat. Lemme ask you this. Do you think that it's throwing your quarterback under the bus after the game? If you're the head coach of a team that does something exactly like this, I'm not saying it's the Eagles, but if you're that head coach and you say there's, there was a mechanism on the third and three pass play where if it's not wide open, Jalen Hertz can sit down and take a sack. Oh, is that, is that shirking responsibility for calling pass play? That's a Weird thing to say because it was wide Open. 'cause it was wide open. Right. So if if it wasn't wide open, then you could be like, we talked about this and if it's not open, take a sack.


The But he brought this up for no seeming reason aside just to get the heat off of him after. No, I, I mean I think that that makes sense. What he, what he said Nick's, that's not putting blame on anybody else. That's Just, can I ask you a question Max? What's, what's the issue with the eagles? Because this looked Like they're just, This looked like e everyone going into this season was like, is it gonna be the end of the season? The Eagles last year, this looked very similar to the Cardinals game. This looks similar to the Seahawks game where the Eagles felt like the better team and something they just didn't win. Correct. I agree. So what, what's the issue? They are Defensive line.


You said Defensive line is horrible. What about offense? The off offense, the offense is ha is a mix of bad, bad coaching and bad quarterback play and Oh, I'd say bad quarterback play. Huh? Sometimes I, I have everything written down. Okay. I took notes. Alright. Nice. Good. Is this, was this on your flight? You took notes? Yes. While you're looking at these notes of, Hank had a question, hand was raised. Did you think it was a little early for the booze after the, after the missed fourth down in the first quarter? Good question. Oh, Good question. Never too Early for booze on Jason. Kelsey Night. Never too early for Boo. It's Five o'clock somewhere. Okay, that was a stupid question. Okay. Ready? I mean, you'd think You were, I mean it's, Philadelphia would root for your team.


Like, are you just gonna say, oh, like that's that's the way it is in Philadelphia. You surprised that there's booing? Like, alright cool. It was early. I just thought it was early. Yeah, I mean that's every fucking, that's, that's fucking life. That's life in Philadelphia. Get used to it. Sounds fun. Oh, shocking. Oh, let's have this discussion on a fucking national, is Philadelphia wrong for Bowie on a national podcast? Coming up Next on ESPN Philadelphia Booze. Early in the game. Wow. I don't think that's the right fan base. Alright. Good job Hank. Nice job buddy. Good job. Good job buddy. Okay, max took notes.


Max, before you tell us the notes about the game, do you think It's not about the game, it's about the Eagles as a whole? Okay. Eagles as a whole. Do you think there was anything said on this podcast on Sunday that people could maybe say was a jinx? Yeah, the number 20 saying winner whatever. Don't care about. That's a, here's a quote from Max at the end of the podcast. I'll Tell you right now. Oh, I'm a winner. I don't really know what to do because I'm just a winner. I'm just a winner. I'm specifically just a winner title town. He's a one man title town. We were talking about the lottery ball. PFT you wouldn't fucking know. Well you Also talked a lot of shit about aqua a quarterback handing the ball off. And guess what, you probably should have taken some notes. I did take notes. Okay, Here let's hear the notes. Eagles. Are the eagles good or are the eagles bad?


Wait, you wrote like a, this is a title. No, it's just I went through each position. It sounds like A book reporter. Yeah. Okay. By by Ma Max Deante Quarterback. Sometimes good, lots of sometimes bad, but will still defend forever because that's my life. Max. What is lots of sometimes bad news. I, so I was in the middle of saying lots of times bad, sometimes bad. So I split the difference and said lots of sometimes bad. Okay, we Need to get a graphic of this memes, but it needs to be in crayon. Like just max taste breakdown of the eagles in crayon. Yes. Okay. Running back. Bad drop still very good. Okay. Okay. That's Fair. Wide receiver room good.


But without AJ bad. But You got Hanson Stinks. Thank you. And If vie ever gets the second most targets on the team, again I'm going to memes myself. Oline good but bad for not reacting to Juda. That pissed me off. Okay. D-line. Mega bad. Mega bad. Dunno. Line back. Linebackers probably bad, but maybe good. Okay. Secondary better, but still bad sometimes. What About c CJ Gardner, he, he's the best t of all time. He's a, the perfect example Of That. All he does is get people to fight him. Got the, The, the coverage against Darnell Mooney on that deep ball was horrendous.


And then he absolutely stuck Bijon on fourth, on fourth down to get the turnover on down. That Was a great tackle. He's the perfect example of sometimes good, sometimes bad. Okay. I mean the move of of ripping somebody's mouthpiece off like face mask is awesome. I like, okay, good. I thought I was No, no, no. He's a troll. That's what he does. Yeah. And then finally coaching super bad. Super Bad. Okay, so Jonah Hill, that better not be Dom in There. No, he doesn't count. Okay. Okay. But your defense coordinator. Oh, I also have another take. I was pissed off online. Okay, Tell us. Well people, like there was an interview that Sirianni Oh Yeah. People were coming after Dom. People were coming after Dom don't come after Dom. Why would they coming after him? Because they say that he just wants a spotlight and it's just, we, we in this room know for a fact that that's not true.


That's 'cause how many times we tried to get him on this show. Yeah. Yeah. And he says no 'cause he doesn't want the spotlight. Yeah. He, he's just doing his job. If He was, if he wanted the spotlight, he would, he would come on this show. Yeah. Yeah. And, and we were furious. Which he will eventually, We were furious when we found out about Big Dom last year because we were mad that you didn't tell that we didn't know about him already. Yeah. That's It's just the media makes, makes him, yeah. We Support Vic Dom in all of this. Yes. I was mad Vic Fangio. Overall thoughts on team. Talk to me about Vic Fangio real quick though. The prevent defense. I, I, I think we all agree that like, in that situation, when you just give up 20 yards to the middle of the field, it's the most just play normal beach. You just need a guy like his son Reddick to go get a sack.


Bryce Huff horrible. Like horrendously bad. Like he shouldn't be. He's He's looking at memes right now. He's staring memes down. What I I Let's do a handshake. Let's let Bryce Huff for son Reddick. Right, right now. Straight up. And the first rounder. No, in A first rounder Price went up. Price. Oh, he got you. You You don't even have a guy. This guy playing. It doesn't matter. Price went up. Nope. You guys need a pass. Rusher. We have one. You need a pass. Rusher. We do And. we have And. we have your pass. You have, you have our pass rusher. We have your But memes needs a pass. Rusher. And he has a pass rusher. Yeah, we Have one. But we'll pay him. But you'll be paying him less than you'll have to than you're gonna have to pay Hassan. I'm willing to pay Hassan Reddick more.


And you can pay, get write up For less. No real battle of the mental. This is how deals get done. You have To eat the, you have to eat Bryce Huff's contract. Oh, On air. Well, yes, we we will Pay but also on air. Eat it on air. You'll pay us on Reddick. You take Bryce Huff. No. So we weren't gonna pay pay Bryce Huff. So you have to eat that. No, but that's 'cause you wanted to pay us on Reddick instead. And you're not but you're not paying us on Reddick. We'll settle for a second round pick Third. You eat the contract. I'll give you third And. we get breakfast. The third, the third that you, that you gave us. You get back And, we get Dallas Goddard. No, I would honestly, my hand Max, I would watch a show that that's just fans of NFL teams doing these deals. Deals, yeah. Like in the off Season, dude, I did last off season.


I traded Justin Fields to the Patriots for a sec. Second rounder with Dave Fleece would've been incredible. That would've been great. Yeah. Alright. Ready for overall team? Yeah. I revised the overall team maybe 18 times before I, before I came to a final version. This is like a matting rating number. No, it's just a, can we Put it on the balls Scale? No. Okay. It has, this is, it's perfect. I think it's perfect. Not terrible, not great. A possibility to still be good, but most likely average. Oh Yeah. What's average to you though? It's a lot of words. Like fighting like wild Cards. Yeah. Seven seed. Yeah. Six seed. That's a Good average.


Most likely. Most likely. That's that because I went through, because I was thinking like, this team is bad, this team is bad. And then I went through each position group and the coaching, you Have a lot of talent and, And there's still a lot of good I think, I think, but the Bad are just Big deal, important spots. I think it's a very big deal for that offense. Yes. What missing AJ Brown. Oh yeah. From wide receiver room. Good to wide receiver room. I may have to memes myself. Yeah. And it's also like, this is what you guys have done is you've, you've paid the quarterback a lot of money. He has to, they have to score more than seven points in the first half. Like your defense is going to be a little bit, has taken a step back because you've invested in the offense. To be fair, it should have been. If if co if coaching wasn't super bad, it would be 10.


Yeah, That's true. And now welcome to the one-on-one club. Yeah. Yeah. Everyone's one-on-one. Yeah. One-on-one. Yeah. Good job. Except for Shane. Shane's two Shane. So yeah. Max, I think that's a pretty fair assessment to say that you're not a good team right now, but you could be a good team. Yeah. Yeah. I'm op I'm leaving the possibility open to be good, but most likely average. And how was it walking outta that stadium? Were you, were you chewing on your shirt? Anything? I was, no, I was really mad. Did you? And I'll tell you One thing, I love Awls. They're the best. Taking pictures after Part of the job might be part of the job. Might the worst thing, part of the job. I Did it, but I can't say that I looked happy in all.


Okay. That's fair. That's fair. You just tweet them At us. Do you know how many pictures me and Big Cat have taken after losses? Yeah. But That, that was the first time that I've, like most of the time, like I, I'm not in the stadium to, to do that. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. Most of the time I'm here and I just have to like do this right after. But that was, that was a tough situation to just be like, yes, I, I will take this picture with you, but I, but I'm, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not going to be like a, a happy go lucky guy, you Know? And you, you for sure thought they were gonna win that game at the end. Oh, I, yeah. They, there was no Yeah. There's no chance. Was no Chance. Thought they were gonna win that game. Who? Everybody on television.


Yeah. Everybody on the Every, everybody announcing the game. Yeah. Everybody that was coming through my TV speakers. Listen, I like Jason Kel. I like him A lot. Yeah. Max, you missed this part. It was a little bit much having him in the booth for like a quarter and a half openly rooting for the Eagles. I agree with that. On an espn I feel bad for Falcons fans. I Feel bad, very bad for Falcons fans because they were, you got to just be like, put in a tiny little cage and beaten over the head with a stick by ESPN in Philadelphia for So you didn't sign up for that. You signed up to, to watch Monday football game to have Troy and Joe call it pretty fair. But instead the whole evening seemed to turn into a Philadelphia suck fest. Yep. And I, I get it. Like, you're in Philly, it's Monday night Football, it's a big deal.


You're gonna give credit to the fans, but the real Eagles fans and Max, I consider you to be a real true Eagles fan. You guys are just like scumbag enough where it's enjoyable, but you also want your opponents to have like a little bit of fear in their heart of like, oh, I'm in Philadelphia. They're liable to do some crazy shit. To me, it seemed like a disneyfication of the Philadelphia fan base last night. And I think that you guys have more edge to than that. I didn't, I didn't. We Need someone puking on a kid. Yeah, Exactly. We need some of that, some of that real dirt bag shit going on. But it was, they were beating you over the head with Philadelphia last night during the Game. It was like the, i I likened it to the, the Pacers Nick series when they had Stephen A. Smith doing like pump up speech speeches.


If you're a Pacers fan, you're watching that. You're like, wait, I want to just watch my team play. Yeah. If you're a Falcons fan last night, you're like, this is crazy. I, why, why, why do I have to do this? But I do like Jason Kel. I just, yeah. He, it wasn't his fault's. S espn wanted to just, what didn't help that the com every commercial break was also then just That's true. Just for Jason Kel Commercials. Yeah. Like if ES ESPN setting up a desk inside or right outside like Xfinity Live or wherever that place is in Philly, they should be like a little bit afraid that their entire set is gonna get vandalized and their microphones get stolen. Instead it was just like, Hey, we're here for my night countdown. Now watch as Jason Kelsey crowds surf sponsored by Old Spice. Yeah, No, I agree. I if I were like, I don't, like, I don't like when Aman calls Cowboys games and he's not, he's pretty good.


Yeah. But like still in the back of my head, I'm like, this fucking guy is Yeah. Is rooting for the Cowboys. Yeah. For the record. Like I, I like J Kel a lot. I'm with that day. Jason. Kelsey's Awesome. I I, yeah. I I mean I love j Kel with all my life. Also the Tush push Work Also. Shout out, shout out Campbell's for taking me to the game. That was, that was very Oh hell yeah. Yeah. Hell yes. It was a great event called The Hotline. So if you're a, if you're a Falcons fan, this felt like it was a pretty big moment for the franchise. Oh, it was, it changed your whole season. This is, it may have changed your entire perspective on football. Yeah. Because this is, it was the reverse Falcons thing. Yeah. The Eagles turned into the Falcons. The Falcons had a 0.7% chance of winning with 1 56 left in the fourth quarter.


And they did it. That is the seventh most and probable win in the next gen stats era. Yeah. And you got the Chiefs coming on Sunday. So if you'd started oh and two, that would've been okay, now you gotta beat the Chiefs to not start Oh and three. No, that was a, that was a season changing drive by Kirk Cousins. And the Falcons are like, it's, it's crazy how much more fun it is when Bijan is getting used a lot like they are. 'cause remember the last couple years with Desmond Ritter And, it was just a chore to watch Falcons Games. Now watching Falcons on Monday Night Football, I was like, this team is fun. Yeah. It's fun to watch. And I think Kirk, again, week one was tough for him against the Steelers, the start of this game.


It felt like you were the same thing. We saw week one where it's like, he's just almost like a quarter second too slow on what he's looking at. But that last drive was just money. And they were running the two minute offense and he just, Kirk Cousins Prime time primetime. Kirk Cousins always says the killer killed you. Max. Max. You wanna give us a little credit for having a side text chain? So we didn't involve you. That wasn't a full side text chain. It Was me, PFD and Hank. Well, there was, that was going to the full group as well. Oh yeah. We did have a moment where we were like, this game's not over. And because Max was living in real life, he, he was like, fuck you guys. 'cause we hadn't seen the interception yet and he tried to blame us for like trolling him when we literally, you were at the game.


The delay is, I Didn't think about that. Yeah, that was, you were so mad at us. We troll About a lot of stuff. And. it is. I I understand why you would think that. That's a boy who cried wolf move. We would do something Like that. I was convinced that the Eagles were gonna get a field goal. Yeah. Like I, they had had two timeouts. Jake Elliot's a really good kicker. I was convinced. And when we texted like this game's not over. Yeah. Almost like 10 seconds later. 'cause that's how long the delay is. The interception happened. I, My brain is so broken that Dumpy was sitting next to me and there was it, I think it was like in the first quarter. And he was like, fuck, I just got an alert for Darnell Mooney touchdown. And I, and I bel like, I thought it what? You're watching the game? No, I know I was wa but I'm like, so used to like living in that fear of there's like, I'm gonna get spoiled.


I was like, fuck. Like it took me a quick second to realize that it, it was a joke. The game last. Yes. Okay. So that was a great Monday night. Yeah. That was a, that was a great game. Fun to watch. Not for all of us, but fun for us to watch. And I'm excited for the, to watch Fox. I think the NFC South, like I said, is you can no longer say the NFC South is the worst division in football. They're very good. They've gotten outta that. And Now we have to go play the other two team. Like, I think we'll probably end up two and two after the next two weeks. But like, Who do we have The Saints and then the Bucks. I miss so much sitting next to you for that game. That was, that was the only thing that I regret. It would've been great to Have here. I filmed like all of my reactions.


Oh, can, can we see one There? I'll show it to you. Okay. I mean, they'll get, they'll get po It's going to get posted. I have to like make a video. Oh, Okay. All right. You got the whole video. All right, we'll, we'll, we'll put up the whole video. Yeah. You have the Saints at Saints at Box. Whew. It sucks that you lost that, that that week one home game like you, that you give that up. I know. I Mean, that's bullshit Brazil. I mean, that was, that was Bullshit. So speaking of the NFC Souths, we had the news that Andy Dalton is now the quarterback of the Carolina Panthers. And I feel like it is officially over for Bryce Young. Not really a hot take, but we were talking about it on Sunday. Yeah.


When you threw that out there. I was like, the only problem is if you go to and Dalton, I don't know if you can ever go back unless there's an injury, because Andy Dalton is going to be better than Bryce Young. Yeah. There's a possibility that you go back, you might, if you're Dave Canals, you might be spinning this at Tepper and saying he needs to learn more. Yeah. He's not ready. He's shellshocked. Which I, that's a fair argument to make. Like, he's gotten hit a ton, some of which are his fault, but he doesn't look comfortable. He doesn't look like he has fun and you're not gonna get any better in this environment. So yes. Bench him and then maybe, maybe put him in later on in the season after, you know, the season's already fully outta hand. Yeah. Just see what you have. I don't know. I don't know if you can trade the guy, given what his contract's gonna be in the next couple years. I kind of want the Bears to trade for, for him with like a seventh round pick just to complete the whole thing.


And I know obviously the Bears have their own issues that they're dealing with right now, but as it stands right now, the trade is Bryce Young who got benched 18 games into his career, and then the Panthers gave the bears. DJ Moore, Darnell Wright, Tyreek Stevenson, kale Williams, Tory Taylor And. we still have a second round pick next Year. It would be funny just so that the, the after everything is settled and done, you just got it out. Graphic says the Bears get everything, everything. And then the Panthers get a seventh round pick. Nothing. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's a pretty shocking trade. Yeah. I mean it's, it was still parts of the trade have to work out for the Bears to be like the worst trade of all time. But yeah, there's the potential that it could be the worst trade of all time.


It doesn't look good for the Panthers. And I, I went back and I read some articles about how they did the evaluation between CJ Stroud and Bryce Young. Yeah. Before the draft. They went out to dinner with both these guys. When they went out with Bryce, they were impressed by his order, which was scallops and a salad, which is again, if me or Big Cat was in that room. And, we see the quarterback ordering scallops on a salad check, please. Off the big board. Yep. I've seen all of that. I, I don't even have to have dinner with the guy. Yeah. Just wanna see what he orders for food. And then, Ooh, they should start doing that. Yeah. At the combine they should like simulate to dinner. Yeah. They just hand you a menu. Yeah. She'll be like, What, do you want What? Do you getting I can, you can learn a lot about a guy like that. What does Caleb Williams eat? He, he eats healthy.


He eats really healthy. Justin Fields doesn't eat meat. I don't know what your point, the Point is there. I'm just trying to change the topic as fast as possible. What were you saying about Bryce Young? I was saying about Bryce Young. So they evaluated him by taking dinner, obviously. And then between him and CJ Stroud, do you remember when Sheer was on our podcast and he talked about the process with, with Stroud and the Panthers and all that? Yeah. Apparently Mrs. Tepper loved CJ Stroud. Oh no. Like loved him. He call, oh, he calls her Mama Tepp. Oh no. So that's why David Teper And then David Tepper is like, wait, I could have CJ Stroud built like a statue seems real close with Mama Tepp or the short guy.


Mm. That's just a real good friend. Wow. He's got a great personality. Damn. And so he decided to go with, with Bryce over that. I'm not, I'm not saying, but I am saying No, You're not saying that David Teper made a decision solely on which one is less likely to fuck My wife. I did not say that, but People could say that. People Could read into that. Correct. I, I feel bad for Bryce Young. I I thought Bryce Young, I mean, it, it unfortunately probably puts the limit on height. Now he's officially the floor. Yeah. We've reached it. We've reached It. We, we pushed it with, you know, Russell Wilson was the first one. And then Kyler Murray, I think Bryce Young is now the floor of, of how short you can be as a quarterback.


I always liked him at Alabama And. it just didn't work out. That's the crazy thing is he was really, really good at Alabama. Yeah. Like he made some incredible throws. Yeah. And that 2022 Auburn game, I want to say the Iron Bowl, I believe they won that game. Yeah. He did it basically by himself. He Never really figured out that you can't run away from a defensive end from a standstill and get away from in the NFL. Yeah. Brutal. Yeah. I, I wanna see there'll be another team though. I don't think that he's played his last game. What? Yeah. What's that? Yeah. Yeah. He was 20 for 33 touchdowns. Oh wait, no. Was it that one or was it the one, were they in trouble in this game? Maybe it was 2021. Either way.


Yeah. I liked him at, I liked him at Yeah, this is the one, this is the game where they came back and they won an ot. Yeah. He was awesome in that game. And he made all these big throws in like big time moments and he, you know, yeah. It sucks. Sucks for Bryce Young. So if you're 6 3, 2 25 former first round pick, you'll have at least one, possibly, probably two other teams that would take a chance and be like, correct, I can fix this guy. Yeah. But with Bryce Young, since he doesn't look like any other quarterback, I don't know how many other teams are gonna be like, have that same mentality. Like Yeah, we can work with him. He had a bad setup in Carolina. I think that he'll probably get a chance somewhere else. If it doesn't work out in Carolina, there'll be one team that that picks him up.


They ha I mean, yeah, probably. Yeah. I don't know. Are They getting carry three quarterbacks now? So that helps. Yeah. I don't think that a team is going to sign Bryce Young as their plan for next season. I guess the only thing you could say in, not defense, but like Good Job Panthers is if you're Dave Canals in that front office, like it makes sense. If you're gonna just cut ties, just do it now. It's kinda like the Joshua Rosen like just be like, Hey, we made a mistake. We gotta move on. Yeah. Don't let the mistake completely derailed the next five years where you keep trying this. Yeah. It, it's actually good to know that he's not the guy. Right, right. And to make a decision based on that. Right. But now we get Andy Dalton.


Now we get Andy Dalton. Now we get Andy Dalton. Now I, I like Andy Dalton, but he's an older guy. There is a possibility he gets banged up. Yeah. And then you go back to Bryce, Who's the other Panthers Tip church? Derek Anderson. Yeah. Let's see who's, who else is the quarterbacks? Oh, they don't, they might not have a third quarterback. Oh no, they gotta get a, oh wait, who is it? They don't have one. Jack Plummer playing the preseason. Oh, okay. Okay. That could be good. Louisville quarterback. Yeah. Yeah. Too bad for, for Bryce Young. I mean it's Alabama quarterbacks are in a tough spot right now.


Yeah. And right now, if you're looking ahead to the next draft, who would be QB one? Would it be Shado? Probably Carson Beck. Maybe. Carson Beck. Yeah. Yeah. I would say, yeah, we should talk a little college football. Georgia struggled. We're gonna talk more with Cole Cubic. Big takeaways were Georgia struggled. But they do this once a year with some team. We're gonna talk when Cole explains it more, but they do it once a year with like a Kentucky or Missouri Arch Manning is super fast. Very fast. I don't think Quin, that's Tyreek. Yeah. I don't think Quinn ER's job is in jeopardy. But I mean, Quinn ERs is playing well when he got hurt. Yeah. But the fans No, but the fan, the fans get They won a championship.


Yeah. They won championship. I think Quinn viewers is the better quarterback and the fans understand that. But they're living like the most arrogant life right now. 'cause they're like, fuck it. We got two great quarterbacks on our team. Yeah. And then the state of Florida football is a mess outside of Miami. Well, actually no, UCF and USF are good. It's just Florida and Florida State are dumpster fires. Yeah. Florida is, they're really bad. Yeah. Florida's awful. That game stunk Florida State also. Oh and three now since the guy refused to eat the dog poop. Yep. And LSU struggled too. LSU should not have won that game. No. They got a couple very, very questionable calls go their way. And South Carolina's quarterback got hurt halfway through the game. Which I said, I mean, listen, I went to the Wisconsin, Alabama game.


Find me a team that can beat Alabama with their backup quarterback. So That's a good point. It's, You can't do it. You can't. It's impossible. Does that, does that maybe cover up the fact we were never gonna win that game first quarter? Who's to say, who's to say that first quarter? Yeah. Dude, listen. Alabama fans were very nice. Their life of just going from town to town and just watching their team beat the fuck out of everyone is incredible. I was sitting next to an Alabama fan at the game and the Badgers went up three nothing. And then Jalen Mill Monroe Air mailed the third, third down pass and they missed a field goal. And he turned to me and was just like, okay. Like it's fine. Yeah. And I just knew right then, it's like there was just not even, not like a shit or fuck can't believe he missed that.


He was just like, all right. And then it was Blink 21 3. It Really is the best way to see the country, isn't it? Yeah. Just traveling from town to town, being declared a winner in that town and then leaving their Modern day Vikings. That's pretty fun. It's Fucking incredible for them. So yeah. I, yeah, it was, it was not fun to watch that game on Saturday. I knew I was gonna have a Bad weekend. Yeah. There was a blowout. Yeah. With with Georgia and, and the game at Kentucky. Mark stoops the, the ball away at the end of the game. I like Mark Stoops. I think he's a great defensive coach. He got very conservative with it. Mark Stoops probably if somebody had explained to him in the moment the ramifications of kicking the ball away.


Yeah. Probably. I like to think he wouldn't have done it. You're You're a 21 point underdog. Yeah. House money act Like it. Yeah. Fucking do some crazy ass shit. And Their kicker's awesome. Yeah, it was, it was. That was a nuts. He's, it feels like Kentucky football's kind of slipping a little under mark soups. They had a, a really good run and now it's starting to slip away From him. And he was the coach at a and m for like six hours. Yeah, that's right. It's kind of Wild. That's right. So yeah. How, how many yards would they have needed? Like 15, 20 yards to kick a field goal in that moment? Yeah. Something like that. And they just, they just so stupid. Yeah. It was so stupid. If I was a Kentucky fan, I'd be upset because you, mark Stoops took away what could be a core memory of yours.


Yeah. For the rest of your life. Remember that time we beat Georgia? Yeah. It would've been incredible. And also look, I think Georgia's still very good, but I don't think that Georgia is the Georgia of old. No, I think that they're, they've got some weaknesses and it's weird that they have guys that just keep getting arrested for speeding offenses. They just Love to drive really fast. Yeah. Really, really fast. We have a weird one coming up on Saturday, as you guys see. So the Cam rising is back who I love Cam Rising, even though he gets hurt whenever, I bet him. But Cam rising, the Utah's going to Oklahoma State and Alan Bowman and Cam Rising combined ages 49 years old.


That's crazy. I think, I think the combined age of Caleb Williams worth, Anthony Richard is 44. It was less. Yeah. Yeah. It's nuts. That Is pretty, that's pretty crazy. The big 12 is gonna be a lot. The T-C-U-U-C-F game was incredible. Like that was, I love the big 12 football. They've, they've somehow, with all the conference realignment, they lose Texas and Oklahoma. They add some other schools. The Big 12 is still like the Chaos League. That's just so fun to watch. I think they, they, if anything increased what their identity used to be. Yeah. Because in the big 12, turn it up. Yeah. In the big 12, you'd have the same chaos like you said, but you'd also have, you'd have the really good teams at the top that would take away from the chaos. Yeah. Because you, the chaos would get swept under the rug to be like, yeah, these teams are all beating each other up.


But Oklahoma is looking like they're gonna be for real again this year. Yeah. Now we just get to concentrate on the Oklahoma States of the world. Yes. It's very, very fun. I'm excited. This weekend's gonna be fun. We're gonna figure out if Michigan is really, really bad and if USC is for real. Yeah, that's a big one. And then Tennessee going to Oklahoma is gonna be awesome. Yeah. Oklahoma's gonna be pumped to play that first. SEC game Tennessee Is a wagon that them going for an onsite kick up 30 on Kent State. How I was having this debate other day. So Thing this ever happened to Kent State. Kent State. Do you think that was fun for Tennessee players? I think it would be the best time ever. Yeah. It was very fun because it, it's not like they just kept the guys in and ran the score up. They had third stringers beating the shit outta Kent State.


And I think Kent State, no offense to Kent State, I love Max and I think Kent State is so bad. I don't think they could even injure Tennessee. Right. So it's almost like, But you could get injured if you were on Kent State. Right. But I'm saying the going into that game, Tennessee basically was like, we get to play a game where we score so many points and there's just really no, there's no chance they could injure us. Yeah. It's like the mascots playing against the kids. Yeah. I can stiff arm whoever I want. And Shout out to Lido. Our guy Jason Candle goes into Mississippi State and Whoops. That ass. So what was the game? I forget which one it was, but there's one of these buy game situations where a team has been paid money not to play the buy Game. No. So you might be referring to Wake Forest.


Basically they got killed by Ole Miss and then after the game, the coach told Lynn Kiffin, we're not coming next year. Cancel It. So they're gonna forfeit that money. Yeah. We're we're, they're like, we're just, we We don't wanna do this again. Smart. Which if anyone in Wisconsin doesn't wanna go to Tuscaloosa next year, I'm cool with that too. Yeah, you can, you can always just not play good opponents. Yeah. And then Hank your Apple cup. Yeah. Tough. There it is. That was Hank's Apple Cup. Well, we already did the break down. Hank on The backyard Brawl was also awesome. Pitt Pitt is just, they're the cardiac kids this year. They did it to Cincinnati, they did it to West Virginia. They just, somehow they, they were down 10 with like eight minutes left, came back and won that game. That was awesome.


I love the backyard brawl so much, so, so much. And Oregon's back. Yeah. Oregon. They, they, they fixed some stuff on their offensive line. And it, you could see it. They, they were just bullying them. They Looked like not a good football team in the first two weeks. Yeah. And then in this game, I think a lot of people expected that trend to continue because it's, you know, much like the Apple Cup rivalry game, civil War. They always play tough. And then Oregon was just like, no, fuck it. We're supposed to be Oregon. I'm very happy for Washington State. That's awesome that you get to do that. Yeah. To win that game. 'cause you know, people like Hank, they're all ex They're going to the big conference. Yeah. They're Waving by To you Just, it's like you're driving away down the road and you're like flipping 'em off out the side of your window and then you just run into a mountain.


Yeah. My guy Andre Doer. It's great. It's great. Should we do Hot Seat? Cool Terrone. Then get to Cole Cubic talk some more. College football,


Hot Seat Cool Throne is brought to you by our friends at Coors Light. Half the fun of watching college football is predicting which rivals will win Every week. Coors Light teamed up with DraftKings for the free to play college football pick and pools where you pick winners for a chance to win big. When the game is on the line, it's time to choose chill and then choose an ice cold Coors Light when you're looking to keep it chill. There's only one beer to choose. Coors Light the mountains on the bottles and cans even turn blue when your beer is cold. So when you know when your mountain cold refreshment is ready for you, when things heat up, it's a good time to choose chill and then crack. Open a Coors Light. Make your heated picks with Coors Light and DraftKings. Choose Chill then. Enjoy a refreshing Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by going to coors light.com/take 21 plus eligibility restrictions. Apply void. Wear prohibited C terms at DraftKings dot com slash Coors Light pick them celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado,


by the way, is, so I, people were saying, I said two different things on Sunday Show. Is my picky team just the Rams? Yeah. Or is it the Falcons? Because you wouldn't make it the Falcons if they won. Right. So the Rams, I I think what you're saying is it's the Rams and if the Falcons lose, you'll add the Falcons. Right. And they didn't lose. Wow. Yeah, you wouldn't have a Picke team. That's one and one. One one. So if the Los Angeles Rams won has to be your picky team, win the, they're one on one. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. If, if that was the, The Los Angeles Rams are my official pinky team. If they win the Super Bowl this year, I will cut off the tip. My pinky also talk to a doctor. And he was like, yeah, you're right. No doctor will ever do that. What About, well you're good. 'cause Hot Seat is, is the Rams, they, their whole team is injured. Yeah. Yeah. That helps. What about a mo do you think somebody that does circumcisions could just cut the tip Off?


Well, he also told me that I would have to cut some bone. Yeah, okay. Because it, well, why are you saying, yeah, Well you were saying never made sense. You wanted to just like get like a, like a snipper cut. No, I want, no, I wanted to getter or cut off to where the tip of the bone is. He said the nerve endings on the tip of the bone. I, it would be like way more painful to live With. Okay. So I, I would have to get to like, basically the knuckle. I, at that point, you might as well just take the whole pinky off. I, I'd like to keep a little bit. 'cause I'd like to actually have something I could show people. You know what's weird though? Have you ever noticed cartoon characters? They only have four fingers. They've only got a thumb and three fingers.


I don't know why. Like, f five fingers looks weird. You might look better just having four fingers. Isn't this how the guy isn't? Oh no. That was how the guy in, in glorious split passwords, Ordered the beers started the show. You giving yourself away. Yeah. He gave himself away. What was your Hot? Seat? The Rams. 'cause they're all hurt. Yeah. It wasn't the Rams. My original Hot Seat was Rexam fans. Why? They didn't know who Tom Brady was. Why Would they, he went to the, oh, I mean, he was the greatest quarterback of all time. You'd think. But you would know all the, The greatest messy Ronaldo. The greatest messy is Ronaldo. No, I'm saying like the greatest soccer player of all time. Yeah. I would know the greatest, the greatest, the greatest footballers.


But there's a lot of footballers that you would Ronaldo. No idea. Bape. I Want a graphic of Ronaldo with the, an award being the Greatest Mess. Greatest Yes. Slot. Hey, put that, put that in the list for the, for the take. Yeah. Greatest Mess. The Greatest Mess of the Year. So they didn't, how, what happened? He went to the game. He, he has the Birmingham team. It's in the same West London. And they didn't react? No. They they did a It was, it was, it was a good chant. It was, it was football fans. They did a chant being like, who the fuck are you? Wait. So they definitely knew who he was. It Was, yeah, it was, it was a little satirical. Hot Seat. I was ah, I was, I was, got it.


They might not be New England fans because they're the Patriots that are named after the team that beat England's ass. True. Okay. And the Rams. Hot Seat And the Rams. Hot. Seat Cool Throne. My cool throne is Indiana football. Mm. Yeah. They're very good Rankings came out. They have a 23% also with stats. I obviously know I'm not a math guy. Stats guy. The ESPN fourth down go for it makes no sense. It's always go for it when it just never seems to add up. The math never seems to add up. And then a poll was released where it gave Indiana football a 23% chance to make the college football playoff.


Yeah. Yeah. That means that I'm, I'm counting all of Indiana's wins as James Madison wins. They took our coach, they took some of her best players. Kurt Sign Netti is a very, very good head coach. And. it was a great hire by them. I'm mad that we still don't have the guy, but you have to look at the schedule that they have. And when you take a look at their schedule, it's not crazy to think that it could happen. No. They got, they got the lucky draw of the Big 10 this year. And, and they're a good football team. I'm not saying that they're lucky, but they did. It's gonna happen every couple years where you don't have to play somehow they don't have to play USC Oregon or Penn State. Yeah. So the rest of their schedule, they have Nebraska, Michigan and Ohio State are the three big games that feel like if they can get through those or go one and two or maybe two in one, which they could do that.


Yeah. They Have a higher percent chance than Michigan and Nebraska to make the playoffs. Interesting. That is interesting. Well, Nebraska's probably because Nebraska, I believe Nebraska also plays Nebraska also plays Ohio State. But I think they also have to go to USC Nebraska. I'm, I'm, you guys have turned me into a big Nebraska guy. You're A Washington fan. Nobody I know. But he loves Ola. It's, it's, it's, I'm rooting for Nebraska as well. Just because you like the weird quarterback. He's funny. It's very funny to me. Yeah. It's it's very weird. Nebraska fans are getting like, I don't, he's a good quarterback. Seems like a nice kid. It's weird. Those all can exist.


Yeah. Those all can exist And not, I'm not like taking a, a personal shot at him. Ivo was saying that a team should sign him to be a, to be a Scout team quarterback. If you're like in the A FC, if you're in the A FFC West sign Ola and have him run Scout team on chiefs week every week. He should be, what he should be is a scout team quarterback for opposing fans. So like Broncos. 'cause like that's, you know, when he does his whole Yeah. Welcoming in and everything. Get the fans ready. Yeah. From Mahome. Do you think he's gonna date like a Brittany lookalike? Yeah, I would say so. Okay. Good job Hank. Good job Hank. Thanks. Great job Hank. Thanks guys. Alright. PFT Your Hot Seat Wrong. My Hot Seat is Diddy.


Yeah. Yeah. Diddy's on the Hot Seat. Big time. What Happened? I had that, so, so he got arrested. Good. You should have taken it. Hank, why don't you take it? I was just A little, little heavy. You. Oh, so did you stand with Diddy? No. Oh no. But just disavow. We disavow Diddy as this podcast dis He's uninvited from PardonMyTake of my take. That's a fact. We won't have him on. Thank God. What we Ever did we're anti-Nazi anti Diddy. What else are we anti Disavow? Something else recently that was very Assassination. Italian. Oh yeah. Assassination attempts. Well, Hank didn't necessarily Hank Yeah, Hank kind of cracked on that. I disavow assassination attempts. But you don't think there Was Real is what they said. Yeah. Yeah. I got you. I got you. I got you.


So yeah. Did he got arrested? He got arrested at the Pi Park Hyatt Hotel on 57th Street in New York today. Okay. He's charged with racketeering, sex trafficking, transportation to engage in prostitution. The charges are tied to freak offs, coerced sex acts that combs allegedly orchestrated and recorded. Apparently they found a thousand bottles of baby oil and lube. Jesus, when they executed the search warrant. I, I saw, I read some of the stories and they're all just horrific. Yeah. Like horrific, horrific things. Diddy's a bad guy. And my take, I don't, this isn't like an a wildly original one. I think Diddy killed Biggie.


Think about it. Think About it. Is that a, is that a take? People have. Yeah. Remember remember when when Biggie died, Hank's Hank's nodding like p ft. You're just repeating something. Someone said, well No, what is it? I've been saying this, I've been saying this for a while now, but when, when Biggie died, you remember Diddy was like all over tv. He did that. The video. I'll be missing you. Yeah. Like that he made his entire career about Yeah. Biggie. That is something that a psychopath Didn't he make a Whole album about? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's something that a psychopath 2004 is a great song killer would do about the guy they just murdered. Yeah. Just Watch this space For more Diddy News. Okay. But yeah, his lawyer says that, that he's cooperating.


That'll be interesting. Also, some people think that he might be CIA. Oh. Something to keep an eye on. Well It's like if he's cooperating, what's, I mean it's gonna be like Ghislaine Maxwell, like Epstein, everyone's expecting all these names to come out, which in theory they should. Like if he's having all these parties, he has all these celebrities, they're participating. If he's cooperating, Everything's on video And, it should come out. But somehow nothing's gonna come out. Why else would you record all your celebrity friends having sex with people in your house if you weren't going to then use it later on to be like, Hey, remember that video that I have of you? Yeah. Why Don don't you gimme this favor. Yeah. My cool throne is the NHL Oh. Because it's back. Nice. NHL training camp. Same in NBAI think It's back this week.


So N b's a week away. Okay. Week. But this week I think NHL guys are are back in training camp. That seems like a very, very short off season. And I think that I I kind of agree that the NHL we shouldn't take any, we shouldn't really discuss the NHL until after Christmas. Yeah. When Whitney or biz come on for the first time. Yeah. But they're back. So good for those guys. Yeah. Alright. My Hot Seat is Brittany Mahomes and Taylor Swift relationship. 'cause it might, it's going through a lot of stress. Yeah. So Brittany was, came out as a Trump supporter, then Taylor came out as a Kamala supporter and then Trump said he, well no, he, he took a shot at Taylor.


It wasn't really a shot. He wrote, I hate Taylor Swift. Yeah. All caps. Now apparently Bri Mahomes having is second guessing her support of Trump because she's friends with Taylor Swift. Is She? She's second guessing is where, where is that coming from? Because I feel like if, If you were Britney Mahome, there's a report this, this deeply bothered Britney because Taylor is like a sister her to her. And she has done absolutely nothing wrong. Well if you're Brittany Mahomes, But again, I don't know if Trump full, he all he said was, I hate Taylor Swift. Yeah. That's not exactly like, was that a shot? But he also said he, he said he appreciated or he said he likes Brittany Mahomes. He shouted her Out. He said, I like Brittany Mahomes more than Taylor Swift. And then later on he clarified that No, he does hate Taylor Swift.


Which I appreciate the balls that it takes to just Say, I hate Taylor Swift. Take like the largest, craziest fan base and just be like, Hey fuck you. I wonder if there's any swift, he's on true social though. Probably he did it on true social. He's gotta do it on Twitter. Yeah. So if they do, if they logged on to True social, I imagine that Swifties would take over that website within a couple days. Yeah. Brittany Mahomes is learning very quickly that just don't say anything about politics because you're just gonna end up in this. Yeah. So what happened was Brittany probably was in that zone where it's like we can disagree on politics and still be friends. Correct. And that probably took care of things for like a week or two. And then Trump started saying Brittany Mahomes name and then and saying, I hate Taylor Swift and saying I hate Taylor Swift.


And then they get together and it's like, what's up with your boy? Yeah. What's Your boy doing? Why is he coming at me? So now she has to make a decision whether or not she's the only person in the history of the world that's had to decide whether she wants to be best friends with Taylor Swift or Donald Trump. Or vote Yeah. Vote for Donald Trump. Or be best friends with Taylor Swift. Well, I mean, I could see a world where if she, if she said, you know what, I hate Taylor too. She's gonna go on the campaign trail with Donald Trump. Yeah. They would end up becoming very, very close. This is a Tough decision for her. She's gotta make it wisely. Yeah. But yeah, that just, I like the, i the idea of just, just po posting anything about politics and then having your whole world, like everyone just being like, you gotta decide right Now.


Yeah. Which one's it gonna be? That sucks. Alright. And then my cool throne is Ben Simmons because Ben Simmons reportedly is in camp and or at least training. He says Ben Simmons is back to playing all star talent level basketball. Get ready for this boys big season loading. Oh, who reported that? I don't know. NBA central. Okay. So the Dunk Central With Ben Simmons. Central or Central. That's central. Very important question. Central. Yes. I I'm reading it right now. It says Central, It's like Hank when you mix up the PGA tour and the one that's TUOR. Yeah. So has he always had Allstar talent level?


Yes, I would say so. He definitely has Allstar talent. Oh, he is putting in work. This is big time guys. I think this is the year, this is the year for Ben. He's on the Nets, right? Still? No. Is he on the net? I Think he Max. He's doing this. Yeah. I think he is. He he's a guy who has not played for so long that we don't even know what team he is on. And he's on the Nets Big season loading. God Damn. I kind of respect Ben Simmons just being like, I've made so much money, why would I try? Yeah. I mean he's got a pretty good gig right now, which is just get paid a lot of money and then get a court side seat to NBA games. Yeah. I, I kind of like that. Like Wear cool like sweaters and stuff. Living Brooklyn is a rich person.


It does look like this is the last, the last year of his contract. Oh it is. So it would be so funny if he was really good. He's doing Oh, he definitely will be. He Gets another contract and then he immediately quits again. Yeah. Bring him home. Bring him back to the Sixers Max. Oh, he is the final piece. Max process. I mean if he was good you would love him. Yabu. Yabu. I lo Ben Simmons Better, better human being. Basketball player. Max, Say this again. Ben Simmons. Better basketball player or human being Basketball player for sure. Is he a For sure. He's not a good human Being. I I mean to me he's the worst human being. Don't think but's a pretty bad basketball player.


You don't think he's a good human being because he's not a good basketball player. Correct. But I think if he was a better human being, he would be a better basketball Player. Mm. Not necessarily. Yes. Yeah, Because he would, he wouldn't be, I mean he's an what he did to Philadelphia. Asshole. Yeah. You, you can't forget PFT what he did to Philadelphia By being bad at basketball. Specifically match. No, but he But he quit. Like He didn't Absolutely No hard on that. Yeah. He passed up. He passed up the, the easy dunk. Yeah. Well and then he was just a huge mental pussy after. Yeah. Mental pussy Don't want to be called a mp. Him and Carson Wentz. I'm kind of back in on Carson Wentz. No, Don't do this. Well he is on the chief.


Patrick Mahomes ever got hurt. He would. And sequence came in. He would play well. He would motherfucker, He would Play well. you know that he would I know. you know, and you know, you think that he would. Yeah. And, and what what I'm doing right now is like I'm fighting an internal war inside my own brain where I could picture him getting back into the game playing well and then me being like, God damn. I kind of think Carson Winz is a good quarterback. Yeah. I like it. I don't want Patrick Mahomes to ever get hurt. But I would love to see Carson Wentz have like two good games for the Chiefs and then this off season, everyone would be like, that's the guy. That's the guy. He's back to 2017. Yep. By the way PFTI found a stat for us. You ready for this? Yeah. Sta for us. You ready for this? How many did Jalen Hertz throw a touchdown pass last night?


He threw one, right? Yes He did. Devonte, Samantha, great throw Kirk Cousins threw two or one. How many did Kirk Cousins throw? Kurt? He threw one, I think One Drake? London, Well the Drake London was the, the winner. Yeah. No, he threw two Darnell Mooney the Depot. Oh that's right. Oh yeah. Bear for life. So here's a stat, let me get it. Passing touchdowns through two weeks. 2019. 105. 20, 20. 110. 2021. A hundred and ten, twenty twenty two. 105. 20, 23 86, 20 24, 69. It's not cool to throw touchdown passes anymore. Yeah, The game's changed.


It's actually lame. The game's changed. Yeah, the game has changed. That's actually, it's a shocking stat that, you know, two years ago it was over a hundred every single year and now we're at 69 to passing touchdowns Three weeks. Do you think that has anything to do with the, the point of emphasis for, for tackles to not line up so deep? I think it probably has to do with the fact that Kle Williams and Jane Daniels and Bo Nicks and who else is playing quarterback right now. Trick May doesn't Have any, may make Good point. Jacob Set's playing quarterback Joe Bryce Young Joe Mil, Bryce Young's playing quarterback. I think that probably has to do with it. Yeah. Well listen, it's, it's great having a quarterback when you know, if the game's on the line you can trust him with the ball in his hands to hand it to another guy.


Yeah. To put the ball in his hands. I do love our, our Sunday night podcast because I always like, by the time I wake up on Monday, like around nine o'clock, I'm like coming into work and everything I said, I'm like yeah, you kind of overreacted. Yeah. It's, it's a couple things. How mad we're Vikings fans? Oh yeah, sorry. Vikings fans. I fucked up. You guys were the ones that fumbled not the 49 ERs I got. I didn't mute the words Vikings and Fumble because just a little, listen, we make a lot of mistakes in this podcast. Blame the NFL 10 games happening at the same time is too much football. So I got, I got confused. Trying to remember all the facts was, you know, watching Bears Sunday night.


So Yes. I I literally had to mute the word Vikings 'cause I was like, I've already apologized. I can't just have every two tweets be like, Hey you fucking idiot. Yeah. So that was the other thing is that on, it's not just like the overreactions but we are watching all the games at the exact same time. Yes. And there's only one that we can have sound, sound on. Otherwise it's just, it's too much and you can't hear anything. Yeah. Can I fucked That up? So we miss we miss details more than occasionally on this show. Yeah, We tried to clean 'em up. That was the Bears playing Sunday night Football. Really fucked up our rhythm. I I don't want them to, I don't think they have any more Sunday night games. Do you have a Sunday night Game? We have a Monday night game. Right. Bengals. But yeah, Monday's fine. Yeah, that's perfect. But Sunday night because it specifically screws up our prep and getting ready for, you know, we were streaming it.


So there were, There were a couple Bengals fans that found out I'm gonna go to the game on Monday night. And they were, they were getting into Jayden pretty hard and they challenged me that if, if Jayden doesn't have any touchdowns again to the third week, I should shotgun a a can of Skyline Chili. Okay. And I will accept that. Okay. I'll accept that also partially 'cause I love eating Skyline Chili once a year. Okay. It's gonna say the Bagels fans in the room with us right now. What? Like you, You just, yeah, you just want, you just want to eat chili. I want that Sweet Skyline. You always, you do the bests to just eat More chili. I want that sweet, sweet skyline. But yeah, either way And, and on Thursday night we're going to stream Hank versus memes, which should be very fun.


Can't wait. We're gonna, we're gonna figure out something. We gotta figure out something. We're doing a golden mug for Stella. Blue Coffee. So during the stream, if people buy, we gotta figure out something they gotta do. I don't know what maybe Skyline Chili, maybe Kiss maybe. Oh maybe Kiss. Maybe. Skyline Chili Chuck. Yeah, There you go. That would be good. Loser of the game. If we reach a certain amount of money. Will you bring some skyline back? I'm going on Monday. Yeah, I know but will you, when you go on Monday will bring back Yeah I'll bring some Back. Yeah. Okay. Yeah I'll bring some Back. Alright, we'll figure it out. We'll get a deal on it. Okay, let's get to our interview with Cole Cubic. It's, Do you think I can bring Skyline on an air airplane or is it a liquid? No, TSA at Cincinnati probably deals with that question all the time. All the Time.


Yeah. They probably have like a check your skyline here. Yeah.


Cole Cubics brought to you by Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take there's only one pickup truck, the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado's a partner, partner you can depend on, we've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of Pardon, My, Take jobs, adventures in other shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole in the state of Ohio. Last year, grit Week Silverado helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the low man reward. And this year Silverado was out west with us with our latest grit week. Silverado is the best. It brings a grit to you. Legendary grit. Paired with modern tuck truck tech. You can't tell the story. Pardon My Take without the Chevy Silverado. We love the bold blacked outlook of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com, build your own Silverado or Silverado HD and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck. This Chevy Silverado.


Okay, here he is. Cole Cubic. Okay we now welcome on friend of the program. Actually is this your first time coming on? No. First time ever. It is. Yes. Both Big Cat and I have been on your show so I guess we assume that it was your first time on ours. What the hell? Sorry. Cole Kubick. Sorry, Nick has been on both of my shows. Yeah. So PFT we we do a college football show. I didn't think you were really interested in that. So, well I, I, that's a misconception. I I probably watch like, I'd say 11 hours of college football every week. But I don't watch like five games at the same time. I watch two games at the same time. Yeah, He he does, he's, he's not as like Hank's level watching Ken State in Pittsburgh. Hanks big team head.


So Cole Icks on the show. SEC Network Mac and Cube. You can I, I've actually found a way to listen to his radio show where you can mute Greg McElroy, which is awesome and just listen to Cole. But Cole we wanted to have you on talk some college ball. We do that every Wednesday. And Pardon, My, Take. Let's just start with a big picture. So Texas is won now Georgia's two. Are we nervous at all about Georgia after that game against Kentucky Or is it, which I happen to think Georgia does this like once or twice a year and it's usually to Kentucky. It's either like Kentucky or Missouri where they just kind of have a flat game and they still survive. But that happens to them. They had the, actually I actually had, my crew was on the call for the one in Lexington.


I think it was maybe 21 or 20 Stetson been, it was a quarterback And it was like nine, six. Yeah. And I think the first half took seven and a half minutes of real time. 'cause all they did is run the ball. Yeah. But first off the Kentucky defense really good. You gotta give them credit. Brad White, their D coordinator solid. They're deep upfront, good group of linebackers thought they had a good plan. It depends when you say worried Big Cat like what's the context of winning a national title? They're still gonna get into the playoff and if they get in the playoff they have the talent to be able to make a run. I think they're holding Carson Beck back a little bit. I don't know if that's 'cause they're concerned with protection or maybe the weapons aren't giving 'em exactly what they want. Not work in the middle of the field as much.


They're not a ground and pound team offensively. They've been able to be that in the past and then work in whoever's playing quarterback and use the receivers like last year Brock Bowers, whatever. But that offensive line's not what I thought they were gonna be. So they can't just push people around and mash people and they're really not that kind of a group on defense. Now what they do have are freak show monsters on defense that can get you off the edge or get sideline to sideline and just be a problem. So nobody's running through Georgia. It's just, I think their, their trip to the playoffs can be a little more difficult and if they were to make a run, it's just not gonna probably look as dominant or clean as it has in years past. Yeah I think worry for Georgia is, everyone knows Georgia's schedule is insane. I don't think anyone thought going into this season Georgia was gonna go undefeated.


I think the worry is those that four game that everyone has circle where they have to play a at Alabama, they have to play at text, they have to play at Ole Miss. They play home against Tennessee. The worry is that's a one in three, not a two in two or three in one. Is that, would you, would you say totally, Totally fair. Yeah. And when you say that this is what I don't think most people would think that. I think the Ole Miss game probably the most important game there. Yeah. And people are gonna say what the hell? Like how that's like Bama, Texas number one Bama is like they've been there and Baba's the team that's essentially had the most success against Kirby Smart since he's been the Georgia head coach. If you look at the Ole Miss schedule, we had this perception Big Cat coming into the year 10 and two gets you in right 10 and two, oh new playoff 12, team 10 and two you're in look at the Ole Miss schedule.


They go 10 and two. I don't think it's a guarantee that they're in right. I think they got a really good football team this year. Missouri, same way. Penn State, same way Notre Dame, same way. I don't think 10 and two just guarantees that you're in the playoff with those schedules and if Georgia were to go down to say on Alabama or Texas not near as big of a deal. But I think you can go a little bit further in eliminating Ole Miss with maybe a 10 and two similar record if you're Georgia. 'cause you had those other games on your schedule that you might get just as much credit for losing those games and Ole Miss just isn't gonna have those opponents on their schedule. Yeah, Yeah. And I, I ole Miss is interesting because we're getting ready for SEC regular season and I know there's been some some conference games already but it's, it's funny looking right now we have, it's almost like history just keeps repeating itself.


Josh Heel and Lane Kiffin have their teams looking like monsters every year they get in the SEC schedule and they lose a couple games. Do you think that's different? Do you think these iterations of Tennessee and Ole Miss are different where they can start consistently beating the Alabama and Georgias to get over that hump? I know Tennessee beat Alabama a couple years ago, but that's the big thing with Ole Miss. Like Ole Miss can beat everyone. Ole Miss can't beat Alabama and Georgia and that's what they're getting tested with. Well let's be real. Why have they not been able to do that? Physicality. Okay, so it's really interesting you bring that up. We had Tennessee this past weekend. And, we pretty much just had Tennessee because Kent State knows Joe that one.


But we talked to Joey Halsey, their offensive coordinator and I said man, a lot more 12 personnel, like it feels like the downhill run game. More emphasis, extra tight ends. And he said we spent the entire off season essentially I'm paraphrasing him saying we know we need to be able to fight different style fights to win a national championship. And if you go back and watch those old UCF offenses, the early Tennessee offenses under Hippo when he was at Missouri, like those offenses get bogged down and then they, they it look, it's almost like they just run into a wall. If the tempo's not going your way, if you're not hitting the deep balls and then all of a sudden things just stop and where do you go? You have no counter punch essentially. So they wanted to try and bring more physicality to have that counter punch and be able to win a physical style football game.


They have three tight ends that are really good. They get after your ass. They can in in the run game and then they can help you in the passing game. The offensive lines fun to watch. I mean they got big lance hurt that transferred in from LSU at left tackle. John Campbell is gonna be an early pick in the draft at right tackle. Cooper Mays is like 27. He's been playing college football forever at center. They got a veteran group and they have depth there and on the defensive line specifically at D tackle. And that's what, that's where South Carolina, Kentucky and like Tennessee were different coming into the year and no one really wanted to talk about it or cared about it. They had interior D-line depth you just mentioned Georgia, they got a couple D linemen out. They look human Alabama loses a tackle week one Wilson form B goes in.


They look human like depth is affecting teams in a really different way with the portal. Tennessee has some depth upfront and that's where they're a little bit different. So I do think Tennessee's different. Does that mean they're ready to just go toe to toe with BA in Georgia every week? I don't know. And then for Ole Miss the offensive line's not really there but I'm gonna tell you this defensively, this Walter Nolan kid they got from a and m, the whole deal with him has been get the light switch to come on all the time. Not when he wants it to Big Cat. He's different man. Yeah. Like he's a fucking monster inside for Ole Miss and they look like a real SEC defensive line now principal, you wanna lay him from Florida off the edge. JJ Piz who does some of the offensive stuff at tight end, like he's turned into a really good defensive lineman.


They look like an SECD line. And even front seven Chris Paul linebacker from Arkansas, they got like we talked to Pete Golden two years ago and he is like listen we need to get longer And, we need to get thicker all over our defense. And I think they've done that. So no matter how you spin it, I can tell you this, they're both a hell of a lot closer than what they have been in years past. Yeah, yeah. And I think we're gonna find out a lot about Tennessee this week, but I'm gonna wait to, for me it's not like how are they gonna play against Georgia? I wanna see if they're able to beat Florida because they never beat Florida. And so if they're able to just like take care of business against a shitty, shitty team like Florida, then I'll start to believe, okay this could actually happen. But for whatever reason with Tennessee it's like that's been One thing that they've just struggled to do even when Florida's had down years.


But I do like Tennessee a lot. The quarterback is awesome. What did Big T say? He said like they could have scored 150 points last week, 200 many points. Do you think they could have scored against Kent State One 30 east? It was 38. Nothing at the end of the first quarter. And they weren't even, they didn't have their foot on the gas. Yeah, I mean it now it helps when the other team snaps over your quarterback's head. Three consecutive third downs. Yeah. I mean that's, you know Yeah a lot of it was Tennessee but they had some help too. I, I quickly on Tennessee the difference right now, Dylan Sampson, it's not Nico, it's not the receivers. This kid is a lightning rod at tailback explosive play waiting to happen and he presses the line of scrimmage presses his box. Like this kid is big time and they're very different after him.


But Dylan Sampson stays healthy. Tennessee's gonna be a handful. Yeah. So One thing I love about KO is how pass passionate you are about just big guys in general. You just love big dudes thick thickness in length. Yeah. I'm not even gonna break it down to offensive and defensive line. What college in the country right now has the, has the best biggest dudes Man. Probably Alabama right this second and honestly two weeks ago PFTI wouldn't have said that but they get Proctor back at left tackle and everybody knows Proctor's story transferred to Iowa, like hung out in his dorm room for a couple weeks and then transferred back to Alabama. I think he strategically did that by, by the way. So we didn't have to go through spring ball smart because he gets to Iowa, skip spring ball and then right after spring ball wants to come back to, it's actually a really intelligent move by the way, if you can pull it off now.


I hate the process of moving so I never would've done that. But hey, if you get outta 18 practices and pads, like that's good for you kid. He had a little something extra this past week against Wisconsin. Sorry, Big. Cat. Yeah, It was bad. Tyler Booker is my favorite player to watch in college football. Like he is an absolute glass eater. He is the guy that has the most nasty of any offensive lineman in college football. And I watched Parker Brailsford last year, Washington won the Joe Moore award. He was a really good player but he's got a little extra shit about him this year. Like he's, he's a little something different and I think it's 'cause he's playing next to Booker and then now you have Pritchett at right Tackle, which was kind of in and out early on. Like that group looks like it's about ready to go.


And then on the defensive line, I, I didn't really know exactly what they had but Lt Overton a and m transfer looks pretty good. Tim Smith last week looks pretty good. Quay Rus off the edge if he gets healthy lost him against Wisconsin. I, I'll probably go Bama right now because they also have like Robbie Otz and CJ Dupree a couple of the, I call 'em bonus bigs like tight ends that can help out and be extra linemen. So I'd probably go Bama right this second. Yeah. What so outside of the SEC Ohio State had a bye week. They have looked the part out outside of like a first, you know, weird quarter against Akron Week one. They haven't played anyone but they've looked the part. Penn State had a weird game against, what was it, who'd they play?


Oh, bowling Green. Bowling Green. And Oregon is now starting to round into form what, you know, you, you're an SEC guy but what teams outside of the SEC would you say are are that national title contender and that you maybe have been like wow they showed me something the first couple weeks of the season. Yeah, It's, I mean Ohio State's their first and Big Cat, you and I have talked about 'em. I think they're a little bit different than the last five, eight years ago. Yeah. Ohio State teams where they just don't have the ERs in the trenches like they've had before. Like the dudes that were just nasty. But I love Chip Kelly, I love his offenses and just, it's gonna take a little while to get it all going now.


Like they don't even have like a cage over. Like they had a tight end last year who would just like, I mean you'd never wanted to see in a back alley. Dude's like he gets injured by the way he got injured. Like farming in the bi in the bi week, like bailing hay doesn't mean you don't want that dude on your team. But Quin, Sean Judkins, Trayvon Henderson, there's not a better one two punch at at running back in the country. The receiver room is ridiculous. And the more comfortable will Howard gets, like I've watched him and he looks fine, he's not super dynamic. But you might not need to be super dynamic in that offense and the defense is gonna be solid. It's like how much further can the defense go and how comfortable does everybody get in an offense that can create space, can get you in the wrong place, can get you going the wrong way?


'cause they've got home run hitters man. And and the good running back. Yeah. And the good news for Ohio State is they have basically an extended preseason. 'cause their first game of the season isn't until Oregon in October. I they that schedule worked out well. 'cause they get, they basically figure it all out to get that finely tuned for when they have to start playing some, some big time competition. They're not the only ones. I mean Ole Miss has a freaking Yeah Ole Miss 72 mile runway into their season. Like Missouri's got a long runway into their season so it's not like a big 10 thing. Yeah. Like you brought up Oregon Big Cat, I've, I've watched them there. It's it hasn't been clean. No, but I tell you this, like Dylan Gabriel's throwing darks. Like he just, they, they just need to find balance offensively and it's not there yet but they're gonna be dangerous.


I don't know what I think about Penn State right now. I'm kind of up and down certain times. I'll watch 'em. I feel pretty good about 'em and then I'm like nah, I just, I don't know. And I think USC is a major wild card because I didn't expect them to be able to hold up physically against LSU the way that they did. Now I'm not saying they're 95 Nebraska or anything yet, but they do look a little different than they have. And maybe this Miller Moss kid is like the guy. Yeah. you know, they got skill, the Woody Marks kid they got from Mississippi State's a stud. Like he, he's been great in every system he's played. He's played air raid, stretch, play, he can do it all. He's a good back. So they got guys and maybe maybe us C's a team that once we get down there's gonna be there. And Miami obviously is that team. Yeah, Pam Ward's a dude.


They're physical on both sides of the line of scrimmage. And that defense can just run. UUSC is gonna be that this Michigan game, this weekend's gonna tell I think a lot because I believe in, in Danton Lin, I believe in what they've changed on defense now that Michigan's switching to orgy and they're gonna just try to run it down their throat. Probably a lot like is USC able to play that type of defense where they can tackle and and and, and not give up those explosive runs and stuff like that. 'cause if they can go into Michigan and win, they're, I think they're for real. But there, here's the flip side of that. And I love these style games. So what's a good performance for the Michigan defense against this offense? Yeah.


1721. Can Michigan get to that Even? Yeah, I don't know. I don't think so. I don't think so. No. I mean their offense is very limited. Very, very limited. I'll, I'll say this, the front seven for USC will be okay. They start getting past that. I I don't think the perimeter guys on the USC defense enjoy tackling very much. Yeah. So I would look for, everybody thinks it's just gonna be between the tackles. I would look for Michigan to kind of go outside early, get the defense running a little bit and try to make some of those DBS tackle early on and then see what they can do between the tackles there. Because that Michigan o line's not what it's been the last three, four years either. No. Yeah. I think they're gonna be better just because of the fact they're not doing the two quarterback system.


Because if you got a guy that that's like orgy, you put him in, you know he is just gonna run the ball. Yep. And if he, if he's playing every single snap, he's gonna catch you off guard with maybe a couple passes that you're not expecting. But when you put 'em in specifically it's like okay, the defense knows exactly what's happening and they look really, really bad on offense. Especially against Texas. It it, that game was never close. So I feel like even though he hasn't been super impressive, the offense might be better because he's just the guy and there's only one guy that's gonna be playing. Yeah, I think what you're saying p ft is like you know who you are. Yeah. Like we're not trying to be something we're not, we're not trying to be spread pro style offense. Even like we're grounding pound And. we have a guy that can do standing pistol squats and pick up corn kernels for an hour and so therefore he should be a good quarterback.


I love the farming tips for you. Hey. Yeah.


We're gonna get back to Cole Cick in a second here to announce something very special from Muggsy jeans. We're teaming up with Muggsy for an epic giveaway. What's the prize? It's a two night all-inclusive weekend getaway for two to the Bass Pro Shop Pyramid Hotel in Memphis, Tennessee. Mugsy has created two exclusive pairs of the PFT Muggsy mega jeans, the Klutz jeans one for me and another for one lucky customer. How do you enter? Well you place an order@muggsy.com and use the code mega at checkout. It's mugsy.com. Use the code mega at checkout. You will get $10 off your order and you're going to be automatically entered for a chance to win the weekend getaway for two to the Bass Pro Shop Pyramid Hotel in Tennessee and the one of a kind Muggsy jeans so you don't have to buy, you're not buying the mega jeans. The mega jeans are the golden ticket. You make any purchase of jeans@mugsy.com with promo code mega and you are automatically entered to win a weekend getaway for two to the Bass Pro Shop Pyramid Hotel in Tennessee. How do you win? One lucky order will be randomly receiving the pair of the custom mugsy mega jeans with their order. If you get the mega jeans, you win the sweeps. You win the trip this weekend only. Don't miss your chance to win. I got the mega jeans right here. These things are sweet. Look at these bad boys If you're watching on YouTube right now. Oh yeah. You can see the mega jeans. They've got the Bass Pro shop pyramid right on the back pocket. These are some, these are ridiculous jeans. I love 'em very much. But you don't buy the jeans, you don't buy the mega jeans. You just make an order@muggsy.com and when you use promo code mega at checkout, you are entered to win the trip for two to the Bass Pro Shop Pyramid Hotel in Memphis, Tennessee. That's where Billy and I almost got Diddy. We almost got Diddy there. Place an order@muggsy.com and use the code mega at checkout to enter the giveaway. And now here's more Cole


Cubick. Let's go down to to Florida State real quick. If we're assigning blame for this season, how much blame are we putting on Mike Norvell and how much are we putting on the guy that did not eat shit after they lost that opening week game to Georgia Tech? I Think it's all on that gentleman, to be honest with you. I think he jinxed him on the front end to even think he could get away with that. And then obviously on the back end he's gone full black cat like conspiracy theory put it all on him that he won't do this. Yeah. And then to try to disappear with where we are today in social media to think that you can escape the psychopaths that are gonna come try to hunt you down. It's not possible. Yeah. So I, I think he gets full blame because you knew there was gonna be turnover. Most of us knew that DJ U Young Gole was not that guy.


Quarterback And it a whole new cast of characters. It's kind of like to be real with you PFTI think you blame what college football is today. Oh. For most of this like society. Some you're gonna hit sometimes and then you're not gonna hit sometimes. I mean it's, it's you're playing roulette with a lot of transfer portal guys. Yeah. And nor Vale got what he could And. it hasn't really worked out to what they had a year ago and they're just not as capable. Yeah, I do think it's it's, I mean it's ridiculous that we've got copycats now that are saying, you know what, I'll eat this shit for this guy if he won't do it. Like we got volunteers. Where's Burt er in this? This seems like a role that he was born to play. Like the FSU fan. That will take one for the team. No we need that guy.


We need that guy to show his face. 'cause it's getting bad. Yeah, it's getting really bad down there. Speaking Of that, like just, just specifically for Big Cat, like how much shit would you eat for Wisconsin to win a national title? I'd eat a whole shit an entire shit. Swallow it for a national title in football. What animal? A 50 plus pound dog. Because I think if you have to eat animal shit, I think horse is the best one to do. Yeah. Probably It's mostly hay. Yeah. You got some grass in it. But yeah, I Would, I would, I would assume that to guarantee a national title. Yeah I would. I mean that would be, so if Horse is at the, if horse is at the top of your list, PFT what? What's at the bottom? Like what's the animal human like?


No. Yeah. Human maybe pig maybe bat. Maybe bat shit would Be bad. Yeah that would probably bad. Feels like there's a lot of parasites in there. Yeah. That would probably get you really sick. Yeah. Human probably at at the bottom end of that. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I think It depends greatly on the human. Yeah. Yeah. What's their diet like? Max's shit, I, I never, no. Like if it's that dude hanging out with Caleb on Sunday, like ain't no way. No, No hell no. Yeah. Hell no. Sticking in Florida, what week is Billy Napier gonna get fired and who is going to be the new coach at Florida? I feel like Florida fans probably are all or least boosters are probably all saying it's gonna be Lane Kiffin. I don't know if Lane will ever leave.


He's got a pretty good gig right now with the expectations and the money at Ole Miss Florida's more money but what, what week is Billy Naper fired and who are they gonna get? I think it's complicated because you have an interim president and if you fire a coach you then have to do what? Hire a new coach. Are you gonna let Scott Strickland hire another coach? The athletic director? Right. And that's what I kind of don't know the answer to. I think there's some questions about the interim if you were to make that move right now. Because if there's One thing about Billy Napier and I kind of love this, like he's overly loyal so everybody in there, those are his guys, he doesn't say Ooh, I like what offense that guy runs. Or man that's a cool defense. Like those are all his guys.


So sometimes you can kind of say let's get rid of this guy. Like let's take Auburn for example. You fire Brian Harson and like Carne Williams was your guy. Right. So he can be the interim coach. Everybody loves that. you know, he is not trying to go against the system or anything. He keeps it all under control. He kind of takes your marching orders like it works. I don't know if there's a guy that sort of works that way right now and then I think there's some other complications. Like a lot of the NIL stuff has been confusing, hasn't gone the way that they wanted to it. Like, like we had Staples on the show today and I know you guys have had Andy on And. we were talking to him about it and I asked him this question 'cause Eli Ditz is name comes up. Yeah. And I think drinks a great coach. I think Kirby Moore is a great offensive coordinator too and that helps.


And Blake Baker was a great D coordinator last year and they got another good one this year. But I said we know its job is better Florida, Missouri. Like we're not gonna debate that. But Andy, like he goes deep into all the NIL and the government stuff. I don't really care about that stuff. I said which situation is better right now? And he had to think about it and he's like, man, I think it might be Missouri. Yeah. Hmm. Right now I'm like the, the overall situation because like Drinken and got the governor involved, right. And like they changed laws to help their NIL and in Florida it's a little more complicated. So I don't know if this is just gonna be, Hey we want that guy, let's go get him And it happens. Whether it's Lane drink, whoever, and you're right, Lane's got a great gig man.


Like the, there's been a groundswell of support. He's getting talent to come in through the port. It's like we all made fun of him. Portal king thing, but it's working. Yeah. Like what part of it hasn't worked so far. Yeah. So, and and I, I think there's something to be said, especially with the new college football with NIL and Transfer portal. Being at a place where the expectations aren't insane does have a benefit. Yeah. If you're a coach where it's like, I'm not being, I'm not being asked to win an SEC championship every year. you know, maybe he gets there with Ole Miss and it's like, you know, he keeps elevating it. But right now Ole Miss, if they're in the playoffs, that's a successful year and, and Lane Kiffin did something they couldn't have conceived of 10 years ago.


Here's the crazier part. Big Cat, like what are those expectations even gonna be now? Is it just to get in, right? Like are Alabama fans gonna be happy with Kalin Debore if he gets in and they lose round one or, or even if they get a buy and then they lose, like probably not. Are Ole Miss fans happy to get in? Like did they then think it should be national title or, but we don't know 'cause there's no more division so you can't kind of hang your hat on that. Right. Winning the SEC championships gonna be hard And. it might be better to be the number three team that doesn't get into the title game. See, I'm, that's One thing I'm really interested in this year with the playoff is like, what happens to these conference championship game losers? 'cause we have just like normally throwing those teams to the trash, like music City Bowl.


Like trust me, I was on two of those. Like I lost two SEC championship games. We went to the Peach Bowl And, we went to the Citrus Bowl, which was I guess was a decent one back then. But like, what's gonna ha are those teams in? Yeah. Are they, are we gonna keep 'em elevated in like how they get in or where they're even seated? We don't know how that's gonna go. So even the expectations I think are gonna change based on how this playoff goes. Yeah. I I think what seems like Ole Miss if you, if you get into the playoff, if you win a playoff game at Ole Miss, they're very, very happy with you Static. I, I do, I do think it's a good place for, for Lane. Lemme put a name out here for you for Florida about Urban Meyer. Bring him home. I don't think, listen, I have a ton of respect for Urban, but I don't think his style of coaching is overly conducive with today's college football.


You mean he's too much of a dick? He's a grinder. Yeah, absolutely. Those are, those are big. You just say that. Not mine, but even though he works for Fox, like, you know. Yeah, I don't know. That's a, I mean it's fair. I think that's a small portion of why Saban walked away. Like he couldn't coach the guys the way that he wanted to anymore, the way the guys probably need to be coached. But you now you have an out like, I mean, Rick Trickett was my head coach when I, my offensive line coach when I was at Auburn. Like, he referenced me as the dumbest motherfucker. He coached every single day for two and a half years. You can't do that anymore. That's just, it's not the way the world works. He can't coach 'cause of Whoa. Yeah. Like I like that. You're probably right. You ur Urban Meyer. I mean he, he, at the very tail end of his career in college, he was able to do some of the stuff that that works.


He goes to the NFL and now doesn't work there. Clearly college football has become more like the NFL when it comes to player empowerment and players having options and not having to eat shit all the time if they wanna stick around. So yeah, you're probably right on that one. What about Texas? I love, I love the Longhorns, Texas and Oregon preseason. Those were the two teams that I thought were gonna be great. Sark looks like he can do whatever he wants on offense right now. And the defense has been better than people thought that it was gonna be when it comes to like, you know, they lost two great players on their defensive line last year. They've got some landmines though. So what, what teams in the SEC do you think matchup should give Texas the most problems as they try to try to run this, this table here?


PI don't, from a matchup perspective, PFTI, I don't really know if there's a ton that I look at and just say like from a matchup perspective, like that's, that's rough. We would go Georgia in the regular season. However, if they're as dinged up as they are, like keep in mind Texas has their whole offensive lineback, Kelvin Banks left tackle's gonna be a top 10 pick. They have two guys on the bench on their offensive line that have been starters in the past. So they have depth there. So addressed the defensive line. They went and got Bill Norton from Arizona, who signed with Georgia originally. He's playing good ball. They get the edge rusher. Trey Moore from UTSA, they're actually better on the edge than they were a year ago. 'cause he's got a little bit more twitch. This kid, number 11, this true freshman.


Holy hell. Watch this kid operate like big, long, fast, like can cover ground, can rush the passer. Which side note these true freshmen man, like, it's insane how ready they are right now. Like the Dylan Stewart kid at South Carolina, obviously Ryan Williams in Alabama, Ohio State's got a receiver. It's dumb man. Like these guys like what they're doing. But I, I think they're a, they're a probably more of a matchup problem for anybody else than anybody else is for them because of how versatile they are offensively the motions. They use the formations. I wanna see 'em run the ball a little bit more downhill. They haven't gotten to that yet. They got a really nice tight end that they can use. Receivers have juice like Isaiah Bond and those guys can go, Silas Bolden can go.


I think they're more of a matchup problem. PFT for any SEC team than any other SEC team would be for them. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. The, and that might Be with Arch or Quinn by the Way. Yeah, that's the thing. Like Sar SAR has to be the most confident person in the world because he, he knows that if something happens, Quinn's had some injuries in the past and he is injured right now. But if anything major were to happen to him where he had to miss extended time, arch Manning looks like he's ready to step in right now and win a national championship. I mean, I will say this, he did some awesome things. I was most impressed with his poise. Like he's backed up in his own end zone in the gun. Five step drop. Sits there, sits there, sits there, knows he's gonna take a rib shot and delivers a ball downfield. We saw a little bit of his, of his legs. He can move some, but trust me, there are some things that he didn't see that he's not getting away with against a lot of other teams, but he's young.


That'll come with experience. What a luxury though. Like everybody talks about that like it's a problem. How's he gonna manage it? How's he gonna deal? That's a luxury man. Yeah. Like to be able to say, this dude's coming in and he is gonna be able to manage our offense. Especially with how high percentage, a lot of their stuff can be quick throws, easy throws, run game. SART can dial it back a little bit where it's not having to get through four or five progressions on every snap. Yeah. Yeah. And he's fast too, which is crazy. He's a manning with speed. I guess that's Cooper was the faster one, right? And everyone, yeah. And Arch or Archie sorry, was fast. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it is weird to see, 'cause Eli and Peyton especially at the end, He ran I think 21 miles per hour. I think that's how fast it, that's not natural for maning.


Unfair. Yeah, Very unfair. He said his, I think he said his mom is the one to, to credit for the speed, so I like that. Yeah, she did some there. Alright, so Cole, I got one last question. It's a


Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code take 20% off first purchase CUSIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com.


This has been awesome. Long overdue. You're gonna come back on now Anytime we ask. So I give you, I give Cole a little shit. You probably see Cole on SEC network. He's calling games, he's on the sideline. I call it the Cole Cubic. Like pet an animal, eat a random sandwich point of the broadcast when he gets a blowout. What's the most, what's the most random animal you've had to interact with and the most random thing you've had to eat when you know the game is slipping away and you're like, shit, we got, we got 30 more min, you know, game minutes to fill and this game sucks. What, what, what's the one that you like think back to? You're like, I, that really sucked.


I didn't really, really love doing that. I'm so bummed that you missed my interview with Camp Mayes, 9-year-old brother of Cade and Cooper Mayes in the Tennessee game last week. That One you knew before you had to load, you had to load the clip before that game even started. You knew that thousand what that game was gonna be in entailing. Yeah. Story time. Yeah. It's, it's, we're going deep in the, in the story realm. Yeah. The most random item would've been the donut burger in Columbia, South Carolina. Because the state fair happens right across the street, literally across the street in the parking lot for a couple weeks there in Columbia. But the most random way something happened, and this is serious, Tom and Jordan had made a joke about getting ice cream in the press box when we were in Knoxville during halftime.


And I was like, man, you know, like could have passed me one and like two series later, just random guy comes walking by, I get tapped on the back, I'm watching the game, I turn around and he hands me an ice cream sandwich and I was just like, you know what? We're going for it. Yeah. Ate the ice cream sandwich right there. Animal interacted with man, I told you I was gonna try the Gamecock last year. And the handler literally said, Hey, this can end poorly and most likely will you can I recommend you don't. And I was like, you know what? Bad guy knows a lot more about Cox than I do. I'm gonna take his mind. Feels like I should steer clear of that.


So I'll probably go with the giant pig in Fayetteville, like feeding him grapes. I didn't, I didn't know pigs would like grapes. But that thing loves grapes, man. Yeah. And he's massive By the way. I didn't even think about it. What, what was it like when you were on the sideline? I was at that game, the Tennessee Ole Miss game when they started throwing shit. Did you get hit by anything? No, but the items were interesting. The, the mustard bottle got a lot of the publicity. Yeah. The golf ball lane held up. There were, there were dip cans, there were the little vape canister things Yep. That you vape out of that. Those came flying down lighters, like a zippo lighter. I'm like, I think that thing's kind of expensive. I don't, I don't really have one, but I mean I if if they had it on them, it was coming down there and so yeah, it was, it was an interesting set of items that Tennessee fans decided to chunk down that night.


Yeah. You Gotta be pissed off if you're a Tennessee fan to throw, to throw your dip. Like you need that dip. Yeah, A hundred percent. That's A, that's a passionate fan Base. Especially with the way the game ended. I mean, OMI won the game so you think you load up after that. Exactly. Yeah. So Cole, we have not announced the the watch list yet for the low man trophy, but I'm curious to know, do you have any names that we should put on the watch list? For the watch list? Yes. For the best collegiate fullbacks in America. I'm gonna put you guys on a couple things here. I don't know if you've watched UNLV yet this year They're so, they're so much fun. They, I hope they get the playoff that game. They were just bully balling Kansas on Friday night. Yes, Brendan Marion their offensive coordinator. He calls it the Go-go offense.


This would be literally like two drawing up formations there in studio. Like some of the shit that you see, it's, I mean the running backs literally like two running backs right next to the quarterback. They have a tight end slash fullback 44. His name is Christian Moore. I think they got him from K State, which makes a ton of sense. Yep. And he's fun to watch. So he's kind of a hybrid fullback. This kid Caden, Luke 30 from Arizona. Yep. Saw like he is a literal saw blade on the field and then like this is kind of your year PFT 'cause like Arkansas's run into my formation. So Maddox Lasseter is there like, I think it's kind of coming full circle, so we are not seeing a ton of it just yet, but those are kind of three that I would throw out there.


Maybe not your old school traditional Corey Schlesinger fullbacks, but you know, some guys that are fun to watch. I like A literal saw blade. Yeah. Literal saw blade coming at you. I like Brock Lampe too from NIU. Okay. I I was doing the Oklahoma game during that game. I hadn't gone back and watched it, but yes, I'll absolutely go check him out. Yeah, I don't get to match in usually until like the end of October. NIU is. Yeah. They basically have, they, they're like they, well now Wisconsin's down, but they've created Wisconsin Junior, they have a bunch of offensive linemen from Wisconsin. I think their ad is a ex badger. So they, that's they're running all that shit and just bullying people. The max going, yeah, Toledo knocks off Mississippi State like Jason Candle.


Big win for him. Yeah. So I love Maxin man. I don't know how you can't love it. It's The best. Alright Cole, thank you so much. You're the best and good luck this week. What game are you on? I will be on Georgia Southern at Ole Miss 6 45 on the SEC network Saturday night. Right. Okay. So we gotta figure out, we gotta figure out what what we're gonna eat or do. That one I don't think is gonna be close. Yeah. What do they Ole Miss is? Ole Miss is kind of in that zone of like the chip Kelly Oregon days where I was, I was coming back from Madison and I bet Ole Miss and I, I looked at the score And, it was like 1405 in the first ole Miss seven week four zero. And I was like, oh, okay. Yeah, this is how it's gonna go.


That's, that's what they do to teams. Teams. I'll tell you, I'll tell you this quickly. I was in my, my producer and I were talking, you mentioned like stories, And. we were talking back and forth in the Tennessee Kent State game this weekend. And I, he wanted me to tell this story about a, a Tennessee tight end. And I said, well, they're about to score. And there was like two 15 on the clock, And, it's running down. I said, we're gonna hit the two minute time out here, And. we, we can't. He goes, there's no two minute time out here. And I was like, what? It's, there's just like two 11 now. They're gonna hit that. Then they're gonna score. I'm not gonna have time. He's like, Cole, it's third quarter 68. I was like 68, nothing. And I was like, shit, it's third Quarter. I mean that I sided you on that. Yeah. Yeah. That game, that game was crazy.


Crazy. Yeah. Alright, thanks so much Cole. Appreciate it Later Cole, appreciate you guys having me.


Cole was brought to you by our great friends over at the Farmer's dog. The days are warmer, the walks are longer. One easy way to help your dogs shine this season is with fresh, healthy food from the farmer's dog. The farmer's dog makes real fresh dog food. It delivers it right to your door. Blake has been on the farmer's dog. He's doing great. Stella has been on the Farmer's dog for years. It's great dog food. Blake absolutely loves it. All he hears is me open up the refrigerator, I take out the packet and he hears those scissors come out and he comes running. He loves the farmer's dog food. He loves the beef, loves the Turkey, loves the chicken. It's great food for your dog. They're developed by vet nutritionists. It's made from real meat, real veggies and portioned just for your dog, making it easy to say goodbye to burnt brown balls and to feed your dog real food with real benefits. They know how much your dog is going to eat. They send the ingredients and the food pre proportion. So all you do is just take it out, cut it open, put it in their dish and they're good to go. They also deliver it to your house, which is very, very convenient. You get a text when it's on its way, it arrives. You put it in the freezer and then you don't even think about shopping for dog food. And then once the food gets a little bit low, guess what? There's another shipment that they automatically send to you. So you never have to worry about running outta food. The farmer's dog isn't just fresh high quality food, they also send that pre proportion specifically for your dog based on their unique needs. So it's easy for your dog to maintain their ideal weight. That's one of the biggest predictors of a full healthy life. The Farmer's dog released a new commercial telling the story of a dog's unconditional love for its human reminds us that no matter what happens in our day, we can always feel good about doing our best. For our Canine Companions, check it out. It's on their Instagram at The Farmer dog. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/pmt. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/pmt. Get 50% off. The Farmer dog.com/pmt.


Cole was also brought to you by a brand new series on Apple TV Plus it's a new action comedy and it's starring George Clooney and Brad Pitt streams on Apple TV plus on September 27th. Story takes place all on one wild night in New York City. George Clooney and Brad Pitt Stars two rival fixers who are both called in to help cover up the exact same crime over one explosive night. They're gonna have to set their aside, their petty grievances and set aside their egos to finish the job. What does it mean to be a wolf? It means free things. A wolf solves any problem. A wolf leaves no loose ends. And a wolf usually works alone, but not this time. Wolf's streaming September 27th on Apple TV plus that's Wolf's with Brad Pitt and George Clooney streaming on Apple TV. Plus starting September 27th.


Okay, let's wrap up the show. We got PardonMyTake your take listener submitted Henry Daniel. Guys, I'm so happy football's back. Same football's. So back. Did you have Well, yeah, I'm just happy football's back. I was thinking you went through, you lost week one. I forgot you won week two. Yeah. I was wondering if you had the same like I, I woke up and was in a foul mood and then I picked myself up And. it was like it's fucking week two. Yeah. Yeah. I was in a foul mood. It's fine Monday after week one. Just because if you start out with a defense that looks so bad, then you just know it's gonna be a long year. Yeah. Max, you're gonna be fine tomorrow morning. No, I'm not. Why? Yeah, you won't because It could be good. It's week two. We just went from Super Bowl contenders to like, hopefully we make the playoffs and that's, that's forever I Think.


I think I have you as a playoff team in, in my power rankings. I I thought you were, you had us too high. There was teams below us I think are better. Okay, well it's a And. it wasn't me, it was the computer. That's true. Did you see my Jaden Daniels ranking? No. What was it? I did. So it was all the rankings and then it, there's a tier that just says Jaden Daniels looks good. Commanders. Yep. Anthony Richardson looks good and bad. Cols. Okay. And then Bo Nicks looks bad. Broncos. Okay. I like it. Jane Daniels looks good. Yeah. Hank, you saw the handoff. I think I was actually fair to everyone. I said let's not panic for the Jets. I said for you the Patriots are No, that was mean. Yeah, that was unfair. They're frisky and not fun at all.


Overtime is fun. You did Not have fun watching the game. They're Frisky fun. They're frisky team. That's good. Being frisky and not fun at all means you're gonna win some games. And then the bears were, let's not panic, but there's a little panic, but let's not panic. Hello. Big. Cat. PFT. Mr. Hank, when is the discussion about Sean Peyton getting Sean Peyton the hell out of Denver Gonna start. He's washed up. He can't get around with his silly tactics trying to build the saints 2.0. Guess what buddy? You're not in that loser division anymore and you can't coast by the regular seasons. I like this because I think it's about to start Silly tactics. Here's the thing also. You guys see the the the, the perk story? What?


That the bounty gate was like a coverup. Yeah. Are you talking about the interview we did today that you listened to? I was sorry I jumped out for some of it. But are you talking about the part that you listened to? I must not listened. I wasn't in here for. We're Literally just talking about that story with somebody who's gonna be on the show Next Week. Have we? Good interview card. Someone with Mike Sober next week. Cut. Which is, No, no, you Don't have to cut it. I didn't. That's A good Preview. Okay. Did you, but then did you, Did you read about it somewhere or did you just hear This? But I think you listened to the interview and then you just said, did you guys hear the story that we I read the story. I did. Where was the story today? It wasn't, it was a couple days ago. I think you listened to it and Just No. Yeah, no. We literally Had that conversation with Mike Silver.


I read it. Okay. That's crazy. That's a crazy coincidence. It is. So keep That, yeah. Keep it. Yeah. Fuck it. Mike Silver was a great interview. It's coming on Wednesday next week. He was, he came in studio. We did an hour. He knows so much about football. Interviewed, craziest thing. He's got a new book out. I Don't think that Hank read about that today. Today. I think he, I honestly that I read about it. It's crazy because we literally talked About it. Maybe might've heard the interview and then you looked it up. Yeah. Happened. That's what I think what happened. I if it, why would I not just say that if that's what happened? All Right. Back to Sean Peyton though. Sean Peyton made a very, very big mistake in the bow Nicks thing. If bow Nicks doesn't turn out to be good, the, the, let me draft a quarterback 'cause it will give me some more years on my leash year is a smart strategy that most coaches do.


But you can't be the guy who's like, it's my quarterback. You gotta let the GM say it's his quarterback. Yeah. Who is the GM in Denver Right now? It might be Sean Payton. It might be Sean Payton. So that was GM Sean. I mean he does have the move where he could fire himself as gm. Yeah. Stay as head coach. But yeah, I think it, it's, but There's bad enough to the point where if, if the quarterback play doesn't improve, I think you'll have people talking about this here. It's also getting to a point where the Broncos are somehow, 'cause the Broncos up until this last stretch. So like after Peyton retired, the Broncos were one of the model organizations in football. They were, they had been to a bunch of Super Bowls. They had won three.


I don't think they ever had, they had a stretch where they didn't have a losing season for a really long time. I don't think they've ever picked one. Overall, they're one of the two or three franchises that have never picked one overall. And now with the last nine years or so or 10 years, that's starting to wash away and people are being like the Broncos stink and that's never a thing you want to be. Yeah. The worst thing that could happen for Sean Payne this year is if Russell Wilson starts to play for the Steelers and he plays well Yeah. Then that would be like, okay, let's talk about what Sean's doing. I'm gonna look up the stat teams that have never picked, will do trivia. Never picked. It was four days ago that this story came Out. One one. That's wild. And it.


Okay. You ready for it? Yeah. Do you have guesses? Broncos are one of 'em. Broncos would be one. Have have the commanders done it? The commanders Have anyone got any guesses? One One. Overall, think of organizations that have been pretty good. Never really, really, really bad. Are the Steelers? Nope. Are you looking at me For a reason? No, it's the Broncos, the Ravens and the Seahawks. Oh, I've never held the first pick in the draft. That's pretty crazy. Huh? That is nuts. That's a pretty crazy stat. No, the Eagles have had the first pick, right? Max Mcna was McNabb first. I don't know.


Fun stuff. My take is that Real fun stuff. My take is that if a football team spent the majority of their money on offensive and defensive linemen and not skilled position players, they'd still be a great team. The fans wouldn't like it at first since they probably wouldn't be any splashy players. So you'd get their want to get their jersey. But a team that has an all pro offensive slash defensive line would win even with an average QB and average receiver's running backs. It's just that no team would do that 'cause it's not sexy and the fans would not be happy. And the team wants to sell ticket slash jerseys. I think that's what Harbo is gonna try to do. That's Literally what Harbo is doing. Yeah. Get elite quarterback and no, nothing else special. I'm looking up, by the way, the, the Eagles haven't picked one overall in forever and neither of the commanders.


So they picked one overall in 48 and 62. The commanders, the Eagles picked one overall last time was 1949. That's a long time ago. Yeah. But yeah, this is, this is what they're gonna do. It's a good strategy. Yeah, It's a very good strategy. But Then if you, if you look at what teams win Super Bowls, that's hardly ever like the best strategy to have. No, you're gonna need some good teams eventually. Yeah, yeah. For sure. But I, I like this strategy a lot. You can have a Lot of fun watching football games with a team that's built like that. Yeah, it is. The Chargers though, this year. The Chargers have no like what, what is their, Josh Palmer is there, is there one right now?


Right? Yeah. It's Quentin, right? Yeah. I mean yeah he was a, he was a high draft pick but he wasn't a har draft pick, but yeah. Yeah. So Chargers look out for the Chargers. Hey PMT. I have a question. If you could go back in time and redo your times, I guess that meant to many teams, your team's biggest blunder, what would you fix and why? For me, it's gotta be the Bears draft. In 2024. Kelly Williams was not generational and they should have traded the pick. Oh that was mean. And that also was not a Bears fan because if you wanted to do drafts, wouldn't you just take Patrick Mahomes? Yeah, That would make sense. I think every team could say that. Yeah. Yeah. But the Bears had the second pick One moment in time for your teams.


I think it would be, I would, I would probably murdered Dan Snyder's father. Mm, that's good. Before he, he was able to give birth to Dan Snyder. What would yours be? I would change a thing. Yeah. Bartman. Double doink. Brex is our quarterback. I don't know. There's this is, this guy was just doing this to just make fun of Caleb Williams. Week two buddy. It's week fucking two. You wouldn't change anything about the Patriots. It's week fucking two. Maybe not draft Aaron Hernandez Trade. Aaron Hernandez trade to Seahawks. Honor his would be good.


His request For a trade. That would've been good. Do You guys plan on watching that TV show? Looks bad. Only the last episode. 'cause Kirk's in it. Okay. Yeah. Kirk is in it. And I'm very curious what they, because I have to, as a mini fan, I have to know if I have to take up in arms. Okay. It's how they display it. Actor playing Kirk? Yes. Oh, there's An actor that's playing Kirk. Correct. Do we know who the actor is? I don't. I think we do, but I can't remember. But yeah, so I'm gonna have to have my eyes on that as my duty. Alright, last one. Hi boys. If you could choose to have one sports superpower for a day, what would you choose? For example, feel what it's like to shoot like Steph hit a baseball. Like Barry Bonds run like Usain Bolt, et Cetera.


Dunk. Yeah. Dunking for a day would be, That's the easiest answer of all time. Oh, Hank, I think you want to dunk shooting like Steph would be incredible. Oh fuck. Hitting like Barry Bonds is the Like, I mean throwing, throwing like Paul Skees would be pretty sick. No, The feeling of hitting a home run, like if you just got that feeling 700 whatever times, that's the best. That's awesome. So if, if one day you woke up and you knew that it was today, like for some reason you woke up, there's a big plaque on your wall, a sign that said Congratulations Max. You have been granted one day with the baseball ability of Barry Bonds in his Prime.


That's tough. Okay. I guess So. No, no, no. But what would you do? Would you go to, would you like fly to Philadelphia and meet with the Phillies front office and be like, trust me, I can hit like Barry Bonds today. Let me play one game. I'd probably just like find a way to get on to like, I'd probably just to take a bunch of BP all day. Yeah. Can I say smash Stingers? Can I say a crazy one that you might disagree with, but in terms of like, yeah, dunking would be awesome. I think Dunkings prob Dunkings probably won one because it's something you could just do and not, you know, you're not gonna get signed but you just dunk for a day. Shooting would be cool. Hitting dingers. One that like, I could obviously never imagine myself doing or have even imagined like attempting.


'cause dunking is something we all thought maybe we could do one day skating. Like Conor McDavid would be pretty fucking sick. Yeah. Like just getting on the a a blank sheet of ice and just whipping around. I Have another one out of left field that would be super cool surfing. Like, like Kelly Slater would be awesome if you could just go to like this, this most beautiful place in the world. Yeah. And just rip through those, those barrels. Oh that would feel so sick. Actually, you know what the answer is. I've got two. I got another answer. Okay. Running like Tyre Hill because that you could just challenge people to race that day and just dust them. And. it would be, I mean, just feel, we've asked guys this on the podcast. Like what does it feel like to be that fast?


Okay. Mine would be skateboarding, like being sick at skateboarding all of a sudden. Okay. And you just go around and do sick ass tricks. The other would be punching like Mike Tyson. Oh, That's a good one. How good Would that be? Just talking shit to everybody. Just anyone. Anyone can have a taste today. That's a really good one. You walk around just when you're not even punching anybody, you'd walk around with the ability knowing I can kick anybody's ass in this room. That's a really good one. That'd be fun. Yeah. The fact that Hank hasn't said Tiger Woods is crazy. Oh yeah. I mean it's dunking. Oh my answer is dunking. No, but driving like Rory. I mean that would be fucking, but if you could just not speeding out like Tiger Woods That would Yeah. Not speeding out of the thing. Like Prime Tiger Woods Obviously. I mean, you wouldn't play one round. You'd play, you'd be like Hank, you'd play fucking a whole day of golf.


Yeah. What about eating like Joey Chestnut? That would be cool. It'd be cool. It'd be cool for a day. It'd be cool to show off for a day Max. Admit it. Calorie deficit. Yeah. But if you eat that Much steak after the game last night Was, my Brother were so pissed Off. That was like on dude that was on Sunday night. Football. Dude, get a fucking cheeses stick. We had a That's Bullshit. That's kind of what happened. Yeah. Sunday. But it, Sunday night. A fucking Angelos. It's perfect. That's a perfect how you, how you get over it. But Sunday night football, we did actually do our plan. We ordered salads and then the minute the bears went down, I just was like, fuck this. And went and ate like three slices of pizza.


So you Can't, I saw Max cut the, he said he is only eaten one slice of pizza. And then I walked into the kitchen and he was cutting like a sliver. The smallest sliver you've ever seen. That's such a, that's such from the slice of pizza. That's such a fat guy move that I love Max. Yeah, I mean that, that one didn't count. Do You know what move I do Max? I rip, I rip the bottom half of the pizza and just eat the crust and a little bit of the cheese and everything and be like, that's not a full slice Pizza. But if you, but if you do the sliver then nobody, like I got caught 'cause Hank saw me doing it. But then nobody else knows that, that you, because if you do the, I have done the half too. Like Well I'll throw out the bottom half. Oh okay. Yeah, yeah. Just toss the bottom half.


That's good. That's good. I've done that too. Just like I'm just gonna take one bite and throw. Yeah, Because then you're like, I'm, I'm pretty much just eating crust right now. Yeah. It's like not a slice of pizza. Doesn't, doesn't, I also think that if you eat a slice of pizza super fast, it doesn't affect you the same way. Yeah. And if you eat standing up, it's not, that doesn't counts. Yeah. IS Into the kitchen on Sunday and I was hungry and I was just like, I gotta eat Something. I saw you doing that And I ate a shameful slice but tried to eat it so that nobody would see me. And then Big Cat just walked in and looked at it. We Need to just listen. We're All gonna, I did that with a small slice and then Hank saw me. We're All working on it. Let's all just be in the trust tree. Ridiculously cut. I didn't say anything. No, you didn't say anything. I did not say a word didn't neither. I saw it and I was just like, I'm not gonna say a word. It's like the opposite of see something, say something. You see something. You don't fucking say a word.


No. I'm happy that Hank said something though. 'cause then that means like if it happens, like it means I have to be on alert and that maybe I shouldn't do it. No, I'm not happy. You should not be shamed. Especially on a Sunday night. It's hard. We ordered the salads. We had great intentions on Sunday night. Alright. I still think overall the diet's going pretty well. I've Been lifting The food that we got Sunday was terrible. What do you mean terrible? Oh, I guess we got the salads. Yeah, we got salads. I I've been lifting four times a week. Same. Trying hard. Same. I got a chicken cheese steak and a bowl on Sunday. Like just the chicken. Like the chicken steak and cheese and like lettuce. No bread. I'm happy for you. That's Good. And then you got the real deal last night?


Yeah, last night. Fuck you went to gyms, you know. Alright, numbers. 9, 9, 3, 8 11. Nine seven. Memes and PFT. Have you guys ever gotten this? I've never gotten this. 99. Oh Pug damnit, pug. Damnit. That hurt. I should go back. That hurts. That would've been what? Six. There's something up with the number 99. It's crazy that it's been picked this many times. They Gave us a report when we got this machine.


There was a report and they had weighed every single ball and they all weighed with like within like a a oh oh one decimal of each other. Are we sure there's not another 99 in there right now? I'm pretty sure. I see 98. All right. Pug, you missed that one. Might have to go back. All right. See everyone on Friday. Who just said that? Pug pug. Love you guys.