
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we got a twofer for the people. We have college football writer Ross Dellinger on the show talking college football, talking Army Navy scenarios. He was at Georgia, Texas on Saturday night, the super league that's coming to college football potentially. Really good interview with him. We also have NBA trainer, Chris Brickley, which was an awesome interview. He came in studio, told us some really great stories, kind of a little preview for the NBA season. He told us who he's been training.


Who's ready to go? I think I'm back in on Ben Simmons. Yeah, we, we had some Ben Simmons stories, so really cool. Interview with him. Something a little different. We're gonna talk college football. We're gonna talk Monday Night Football. We're gonna talk NBA being back. We have hot seat cool throne. We have Guys, On, Chicks. Awesome show for you for a Wednesday.


And it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA is finally back. Here's a way to get even more into the action following your favorite players playing Pick six From DraftKings, an official partner of the NBA. It's super simple to get started. First, download the DraftKings Pick six app, then select two or more players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat like points rebounds, three pointers and more. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including California, Texas, Georgia, Missouri, and more. And for all. First time Pick six players. Check this out. New customers play $5 and get 50 in Pick six credits. Hoop it up all season long with the newest, most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. download the DraftKings Pick six app now and use code take. That's code take for new customers to play $5 and get 50 in Pick. six credits only on DraftKings Pick. six. The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER must be 18 and over. Agent eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction void were prohibited. One per new customer non withdrawal Pick six credits expire in six months. Limited time offer. See terms at Pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go Football guy. Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings. Hoop it up all season long with the newest, most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. download the DraftKings Pick six app now and use code take. That's code take for new customers to play $5 and get 50 in Pick.


six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The Crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, October 23rd. And guys, I know that we've been shitting on Hank recently because his football team sucks, but it's banner night for Hank. Congrats Hank. You did it. It's been all again. It's been a while since Hank's had a w Yeah, so this is, it's good to see our boy back up. It's Been almost three months since he's been able to congratulate himself for something. Hank has all dressed in his Celtic Green. He's going to banner night tonight. Well, he's, that's why we're recording early. Well, he's just, he Celtic Black right now looks very slim. He The Slim Green Sneakers. You look very slimming. I, I would say Hank is just the man in black though, looking like Johnny Cash. Yeah. So Hank, we're, we're recording this early so that you can go to banner night. Fired up. Thank you guys for doing that.


You're welcome. I was Culminating For that. Yeah. Appreciate it. Hey, Hank's not drinking tonight at banner night. He said he's not drinking at Banner night. 'cause he's back on that health tip. So You got 6:00 AM flight back. You know, the grind doesn't sleep. You're gotta be here tomorrow at nine. You're Gonna drink, you're gonna drink at least five Beers. No, no, no, no, no. Yes. It was great because Hank is, he's, he's trying to struggle with the idea that he's told us for the hundredth time that he's gonna stop drinking for an extended period of time. And the fact that it's banner night and he said to us, I'm just trying to soak it all in. Yeah, he's doing that. Like, I wanna be sober for this. Well, If you, if you wanna phrase It, I don't wanna be sober. I just wanna be a man of my word. I'm, I'm, I'm trying to have that champion mindset of, of if you say you're gonna do something, do it. I think having a 6:00 AM flight helps.


I also don't think don don't need to drink to enjoy the here's the beautiful ceremony. I'm probably gonna cry Counterpoint. Why don't you just not go to sleep? That's not gonna work. That's never worked in the history of my life. It's, it's, although one time when we went to Vegas last year for the Super Bowl, I did it. If you Put it in Miles, Garrett, chase. But I had to play blackjack for like five hours. Yeah. Miles. Miles. Garrett would say that for the most part over Hank's career here at part of my take. He's been pretty sober. Yeah. For the most part. Yeah. The all nighter at the end of a bachelor party or like traveling. Like what? Like I'll just not sleep is Oh. For a hundred lifetime in terms of good ideas. Yeah, it sounds great in your head. And you're like, well what's the point of sleeping for three hours when I could just rage for the rest of the night.


And then you get to the airport and it's Disastrous. I think there is a chance though that Hank's he tries to say, so stay sober because there's a chance he has to meet Coach Missoula and he doesn't wanna let him down. He doesn't wanna disappoint him because Have you seen the interviews that Missoula has been doing recently? Oh yeah. He's locked in. He's like, he basically did The couch Shanahan. Like we could all die tomorrow. So who really cares? He's a football guy. Yeah, he's a football guy. Coaching basketball. Zero. Zero. No pressure. We're all gonna be dead soon. It really doesn't matter. Yeah, love that. You're either gonna win or you're not. It's incredible. That's how that, that made me feel good about Dunking. No pressure. It sounds like he's threatening to kill his team die. Yeah, he's like, we might be dead. So no pressure. We just have to go out there and execute or I will. Are you going to see Coach Missoula tonight?


I'll see. I'll see him I. don know if he's gonna see me. Yeah. Will he see you? I think he might. I think he might. Where Are your seats? Second row behind the Nick's bench. Okay. Are you gonna be razzing them? No. I'll be like, You gotta do some razzing. Maybe Mikhale bridges be like, Hey, this hitch in Your, I might do a little hollering. You should do a little, little bing bong on him. Do A bing bong max. Don't shake your head at me. Don't shake your fucking head at me. Jim Calhoun. His shot's fine. Mikhail Bridges has a hitch in his shot. It's fucking weird as shit shots. Have you seen it? I have not seen Mikhail Bridges. No. Search it, it's very bizarre. Something happened to his shot and he's got like this, it's like a pause. It's actually great. We're bringing this up.


It's such Bullshit. He plays for the Knicks. 'cause I hate the Knicks, but I'm, I wanna defend him. Yeah. 'cause Chris Brickley is on this show. We should have, if if we had known he had a hitch in his shot, he would've, we would've asked him how to fix it. So banner night. Congratulations. Watch this video and tell me it's, it's weird. Something mentally has happened. Also, congrats to the Mavs. Have a banner outta their own. They raised a banner for the Western Conference Championship. Okay. Also congrats to Mavs. That's awesome. Or congrats to us because we're gonna bully the Mavs and in five to 10 years they'll probably send us that banner. That'd be great. Oh Yeah. It's weird. Yeah, he shot is weird. It's very strange. Yeah. Well, it's more, I think Western Conference cha I think the conference Oh yeah.


It's is one thing. That's right. It's it was the, it was the finalist. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That was, it was the Colts making it to the A FFC championship. But not winning this. Yeah. Winning a Western conference. Like if you win a, if You win a conference championship, you deserve some. Yeah. This is the Acknowledgement. This is the argument. We had a, a couple years or a year ago when Max said, you don't raise banners for that And. we found all the banners that they actually raised for that. Yeah. Yeah. But this shot is very strange. It's, it's like he takes the ball over to the opposite side of his body and then just throws it across his Body. It's very strange. But banner night and then we also, so we are recording this early. We think that Bronny played tonight. So choose your own adventure. What a cool moment.


Yeah. Good for LeBron. That's gotta be awesome as a dad. Now what do you think his stat line's gonna be? I think bad Two minutes one turnover. Oh, for two And a traveling violation. Oh, a traveling violation. Yeah. A double dribble would rock. That would be cool if he just put both hands on the ball. Like a, like a 4-year-old. Yeah. Tried to triple The coolest part is that Kang Griffy junior and senior are gonna be at the game. That is Cool. That's wild. That is wild. That's extremely Wild. That's a breaking the wild meter right Now. Insanely That, that picture will be the wolf's wild picture History Of wild. They randomly picked that game. Right? No, I think they, I think, I guess there's a conversation that if, you know, they play together, they'll go I know, but I I is it bad that I'm rooting?


We we've had the same, I think we've stayed consistent with Bronny. It's very cool for LeBron as a dad. But it's also really weird because he's probably not an NBA player right now. He may become one, but he, right now, if, if he name wasn't Bronny James Jr. He would not be in the NBA and be considered to get minutes tonight. Is it bad that I'm rooting for him to get in, have the picture up, and then have him just get yam on? That'd be kind of funny that LeBron would make that video disappear forever from the internet. What if Anthony Edwards dunks on both James at the same time? Do you? That would be awesome. You think there's a a bounty out there on Dunking on Bronny? If there's one guy who would do it, it's Anthony Edwards.


I bet you there might be a bounty out there. Yeah. I'm gonna put a bounty out there. If you can dunk on Bronny, then I will. I Pardon my Cheesesteak. You get a No, you get a, an open spot on part of my take and I will say you can join the show as a guest to discuss the dunk. Okay. And I will send you a part of my cheese steak Okay. With all the fixes. Yeah. And we'll come to your house and, and hang out. Yep. Yeah. That's actually a fair deal. Bounty and acted. What's, What's the worst? Where's gonna be, it is gonna be the most random player then we're gonna have to go to their house. But I would still do an interview with that guy. Yeah, I would Whoever. What? And the question's just like, what was it like dunking on Bronny in front of his dad? Yeah. I want to, I wanna dunk on both. I think Hank could.


Yeah. Yeah. Here it is. If if it go, if you dunk on both of them at the same time, we'll go on vacation with you. Yeah. Yeah. A place of your choosing whoever, Whoever this person may be. Yep. Could be anyone. Literally anyone who could do it in a game in an NBA game Dunking on both James. Okay. So yeah. That that's our NB Do we wanna do NBA? Just a quick, who's gonna win the title Nuggets? Celtics. Sixers. How do you not think of the What? What? It's control. It's Control. I mean, I had to, I I will, I will pick the Sixers. Oh, copycat. Yep.


Means Were you about to say, how do you not think the Celtics gonna win it again? It's hard to repeat. Yeah. We're just making predictions. We can't You're On Defense motive. Yeah. to get the time that Your Head Yeah. Defending that Missoula would not think Defending the title. Missoula would not Missoula would want no one to pick the Celtics. Yeah. You actually, you're rat poison. Missoula's probably mad at you right now when he is listening to this. He doesn't want you picking the Celtics. You gotta earn it again. Yeah, but you expect I have championship. Like we gotta You gotta think you're gonna be the champion so that you can become the champion again. No, No. Missoula's mentality is you haven't done shit yet. Yeah. Turn the page. Turn the goddamn page. Yeah, but you gotta carry yourself like a cha. Like, you know, be what?


You wanna be Memes? I'm gonna say Nicks. Nick's sons final. Okay. Nick's son. Ohs sons. Okay. Sons are back. That's a, they fixed everything. That's A dangerous one. So yeah, we'll do a full NBA preview. What? Like February? Yeah, probably. I'd say after the Super Bowl. Yeah. I I, I get excited. I'll be excited to watch NBA basketball for tonight. And then I'll be like, all right, I'll see you after, after Christmas. Yeah. What we'll do is we'll interview Ryan ow down at the Super Bowl in New Orleans and just do that. We'll, we'll be hammered. Yeah. And then that will be our NBA preview. That'll be our NBA preview. Yeah. Okay. We should talk some Monday night football. We had a double header.


What bullshit? Double header Bullshit Doubleheader. Because they did the, the second game was on ESPN plus hand up. I thought the Chargers would beat the Cardinals when I got everyone to take them. 45 to one. Yeah, that's the first, that's the first thing I thought about hand up. When, when actually the game got into being the game And, it was very, very clear that the charges are a super flawed football team. They are very Flawed. They don't have, they, they don't have anybody in the middle. They, no guys in the middle offense or defense. And then they've got no wide receivers. No wide receivers. I feel very bad for Justin Herbert. He was actually very good. He just has no one. Harbaugh has built the entire team out of tight ends and running backs and it's hard to be explosive also.


I mean, the Chargers kind of low key dominated that game. They had two, the the fumble on the goal line was egregious. That was bad. Yeah, That was egregious. And they, they had I st I stand by my take that. That's a good rule. Yeah. I I like the fumble through the end zone fumble recovered in the end zone for Touchback. Yeah. And then, and then the, they had the f the big guy fumble. You gotta go down after he, what did he get a pick? And then he just, he just started bumbling down the the field. Got the ball punched out. Yeah. Got the ball Punched out. And then the call at the end was bullshit. I thought where they called unnecessary roughness. I think it was the right call. It sucked. I don't know. No, Don't get me wrong. Like the call sucked. I was not happy to see it. I think most people that are football fans see that play and they're like, that play should not determine the outcome of the game.


That sucks. That the referees are involved at that point. But if you look at what the rule is, it's like a million percent the right call. This is gonna sound dumb and, and it's not the health and mind, but I feel like you should just, A guy should have to get knocked out for their unnecessary Roughness. I know what you're saying. Like by, by the vibe. It didn't look that bad, but then it Looked, it didn't look, I, I know there was two angles. The first angle looked like absolutely nothing. The second angle I saw the helmet. Helmet, but it just, yeah, that to me was just a play where it's like you can't really do anything else. You're, you're trying to break it up. And I don don't know. It sucks. It, it's the case of the NFL having too many rules. So the, the defensive back was coming in as Marvin Harrison Jr.


Was landing and as he's landing his head comes down into the path of where the defensive back is trying to hit him. And he hits him with his helmet, makes contact with like the face mask area. So it was definitely by the rule, the way the rule was written, it was the right call, but it still sucked. Yeah. And I thought I was feeling good about the charges too. Especially after Harbaugh's quotes from last week. Yeah. When he was talking about how he went in for his EKG and he had like the whole heart testing thing and they asked him about it and he said, yeah, you know, the doctor was telling me, you've got the heart of an athlete, you've got incredible stamina. And actually the doctor said, my heart got stronger from having that. Yeah. Incredibly fast heartbeat. Like twisted blue Steel. He said Har Harbaugh was feeling good about the fact like he, he views his heart rate going up to like 250 beats per minute as just doing a really, really, really intense cardio workout.


Two one oh. And, and heart attack games. But I, I think that was a stupid thought to bet on the Chargers to win the Super Bowl. I'm not gonna give up yet. I did have this one as a win also, it's very hard. Justin Herbert going for 350 yards and no offensive touchdowns. That's really hard to do. It is the Dicker show That's really, really hard to do to, to pass the ball for 350 yards. No turnovers and have no touchdowns. Think about that. Yeah. It's, it's very, very, like if you think about how long their drives were, they just stalled out around the Red Zone area. They just Didn't have, they didn't they, they need to get a wide receiver.


Calvin Ridley, come on down. I Will say this though, in in that matchup, that was the perfect uniform matchup to be on ESPN Plus. Yes. Yes. Right. Like that. If you have to pick one game to have on that channel and to only be on streaming, that's exactly what you would go for. Look like kind of weird and futuristic. I was okay with it. Yeah. And then in the other game, the Bucks season is officially over. So the Bucks had a night from hell. They lost to the Ravens. They were up, it w they were about to be up, what was it, 17 seven or 17 three, I think it was 17 seven Baker throws that interception. Mike Evans gets hurt. Chris Godwin gets hurt with a minute left.


I know that Down 10 what? Down 10. Down 10 people were like, well yeah, you gotta play him. I don't, I don't know the season's long. You have a short week, you're going up against Atlanta. I kind of err on the side of just sit your guys and, and and win to, you know, play to fight another day. We also had a weird, did you guys see this? It was a very weird disinformation campaign that was going on. Yeah. That the entire internet somehow thought that you can only kick two onside kicks in the fourth quarter. Yeah. It was a, we had a Google AI problem is what it was like. Artificial intelligence fucked us over last night because at, at the end of the game, I think there were what, 51 seconds left on that last, last drive. It was like a minute and 10 Minute 10 seconds and Godwin gets hurt.


And then the immediate reaction is why are the starters still in? I understand why Todd Bulls still had his starters in you're down 10 technically. Like it'd be weird if Baker had just kneeled that out. Right. I think you'd just throw in the backups and you're like, we got, we got short week for a big division game to a team. We already that, that's we're fighting against, they're playing the Falcons on Sunday. Right. They were fighting against it already beat us. But The thing is like if, if Todd Bulls had kneeled out, which is the same as putting your starters in. Yeah. Or putting your backups in, right? Yeah. If you just take a knee, everybody would be like, Todd Bulls quit on this game when you're down by 10 points. Technically. It it's one of those weird, weird like gray areas. Yeah. They, it's like 99.999% chance they weren't going to win. They would have to go down the entire field, get a touchdown or a fuel goal, recover another onside kick and go down, get another touchdown or a fuel goal.


Here's all with no timeouts. Agreed. I think you can go, you can go either way on it. Here's where you definitely have to say it's crazy. Baker stayed in until there was like five seconds left. Still running the ball. Yeah. Yeah. That was fucking nuts. The very last play of the game. That's crazy. I was like, baker better not get hurt on the scramble. That's, that'd be insane. I actually, if you're gonna point your finger at Todd Bowles, I think you would point your finger at the fact that he went for two when he was down 17. 17. Yes. So if you had gone for one, he'd Be down 16 Kick. Next point he's down 16 and then that's two possessions. But you go for two and you, you make it, who cares? You go for and if you don't make it, then you are now in a three possession game. Yeah. So it makes zero sense that Todd Bulls did that.


That's like the first domino that led to all this happening. Yep. So that's, that's what you should point your finger at him for. But what happened was everybody was like, well Todd Bulls is an idiot for keeping his starters in because you're not allowed to do more than what two onside kicks. Two onside kicks per game. And because when you searched on Google Yeah. For what the onsite kick rule was, that's what came up in the AI summary about it. And then you look at the actual rule book And, it absolutely says you can do as many onside kick as you want, but it has to be all in the fourth quarter. And you have to be behind, you have to be Trailing. So what the, the patient x, patient zero. What is, what is that patient zero. Right? Yeah. Someone wrote an article after the Ravens Cowboys game that said you can only on onsite kick twice.


And then it just became part of, because remember the Cowboys came all the way back. Yeah. In, in total garbage time. If That's patient X, then I think the Wuhan laboratory for this was actually, this was thought about as a proposal for the rule change. It was. And so somebody wrote an article about that like, Hey, this might be a rule change that comes and Google, when they scrape the internet, they find those two stories and then that's why you get that screenshot. Now there is a chance we can't, we can't rule out the fact that Todd Bowles might be getting his information about the NFL rules by Googling and then looking at the first AI screenshot that comes up. Yes. So Todd Bowles might've thought about that and forgot it. Yes. So the, it was just very funny because I was, thankfully, I, I was very tired so I wasn't, I was kind of like half in, half out.


I was watching the other game and I, I had both of 'em up but I was just kind of paying half paying attention to the end of the Bucks game because I definitely would've gotten got by the two onside kick. 'cause there's nothing better than learning a new rule and then pretending like you knew that all along. Yeah. And it, I saw that rule and my first thought was like I had number one, I had no idea that was a rule. Same number two, why the fuck is that a rule? Same. It makes absolutely no sense. But the NFL you could see them having that. I Was so close to tweeting being like all you idiots saying that Todd Bull should have kept his starters in learn the rules. I didn't. Yeah. And 'cause I really, 'cause there is a satisfaction to be like I know the rule. You don't Yeah, I know. Well in that instance you would've known the rule before Todd Bulls knew the rule.


Right. And it because you read it online during the game. And It also, it was such a stupid rule that it PI gave pause 'cause I was like there's no way this is a real rule. Yeah. That's an insane rule. I Ended up reading the entire kickoff section of the rule book last night. Same. I know. All the weird shit about kickoffs. Yeah, It may, it it was, it was very weird. So for as for the Bucks, I think they should fire Todd Bowles. Okay. Well Todd Bowles, you're talking about Mayo being a candidate for the Jim Caldwell. Is he alive or is he dead? Todd Bowles has been that for years. Yes. He's been dead on the sidelines for a long time. He is a blitz guy. Right. Big time blitz guy. And I think he was relying a lot on the old Lamar Rule book, which was if you blitz Lamar you can have success against him.


Yes. That might've been a bad piece of information that got tied too closely to Lamar and not closely enough to Greg Roman. Yeah. Greg Roman sucked against the blitz. Yeah. I don't think Lamar sucked against the blitz. No. Todd Monkin does not suck against the blitz. No. So I, I agree. It's Lamar's been incredible. The Ravens, I wanna talk about the Ravens, but here's my, here's my thought for firing Todd Bowles. Their defense is bad. Chris Godwin's now out for the year. Mike Evans might be out for an extended period of time. Liam Cohen, their offensive coordinator is seemingly a very good offensive coordinator. 'cause their offense has been lights out.


If you want to keep him, you should make him the head coach right Now. That's actually not a bad point. Just because like Todd Bulls is what he is. I don't it's he is what he is. Yeah. He's not gonna change. There's nothing, there's nothing new that Todd Bulls gonna do where he's gonna be like, man, now we have a huge coaching advantage. Yeah. I he does have a chance to earn his coaching job back though. If, if the buck surprise everybody and dealing with all the injuries that they are, they end up making some noise in that division. Yeah. Their defense is bad though right now. Yeah. And I know they've been banged up. But I would, I would do, I would make, it's a, it's a tricky thing to do, but if, if you think, if you don't think you're gonna lose the locker room, you could make that switch this season and then be like, Liam coh you, you now have the job going forward.


Maybe After the season's over Maybe, but I just, I I wouldn't let Liam Cohen out the door and keep Todd Bulls after the season is Over. Yeah. It all depends. If you think that Liam Cohen could be a good head coach at some point right then that's probably move you should think about. Yeah. The Ravens are an absolute juggernaut. I think they're actually getting closer to the territory of they could actually maybe beat the Chiefs. Yeah. They've got it all. They've got all Mark Andrews catching touchdowns every week now. And Derrick Henry is as fast as he's ever been, which is crazy. 'cause he said that he was slow as fuck this season and then I think he had his fifth fastest run. It was perfect timing too on the broadcast for like where they're like, where's Derrick Henry tonight? Yeah. And then he ripped off like a 70 yard run. How pumped do you think Troy Aikman is for game day to be in, in Bloomington?


Oh, So pumped. He should be the guest Picker. Right? He should absolutely be the guest picker. Make that happen. Those are Hi his Hoosiers But. yeah. The Ravens Lamar is playing yet again at an MVP level. He might win MVP again. I got him 18 to one preseason. There You go. Yeah. That's, that's sick. He's, I mean he's, he's just been awesome. The Ravens have been awesome. And it feels like as long as they stay healthy, which is always something you have to say for the Ravens. They are one of the best teams in the NFL probably in the list of, it's probably Chiefs Lions Ravens right now in terms of that upper echelon. Yeah. No, the Ravens are are awesome. And Lamar is throwing the ball better than he ever has. Yeah. Dot talk, dot talk. There was.talk going on. He's throwing bombs. He's, he's got a nice little touch on his ball.


Yeah. Lamar it, Lamar just has to, he just has to win a, a Super Bowl and then it's just, he's solidified, he's a surefire hall of famer. I, yeah, I think he probably already is. Yeah, Because he's, well no, I think he has to win a Super Bowl To get, to get to the Hall of Fame. I think so. I think he's gotta win a Super Bowl. don don't know. don don't think he's Gotta win a Super Bowl. Gotta win a Super Bowl. don don't know the record of, of most touchdowns without an interception on Monday night. Football is pretty. That's pretty. Andy's also big 20 goes he three and 1 23 and one only lost to Daniel Jones. He's in the, the NFC Hall of Fame. Yeah. Easily dominates the NFC. Okay. Anything else from, oh the, we did have Ed Reed on the Manning cast. That was weird. Yeah. Talking about concussions and I don't think Ed Reed was necessarily wrong when he was talking about boxers and strengthening their necks.


So basically what he said was, don don't know if the guardian cap is making a difference. Yeah. And then he broke down how boxers strengthen up their neck muscles because you get the snap and the nerve hits in your neck and then Peyton and Eli were just like staring at the TV like, please for the love of God something happened. They Were like, oh there's, He was just saying like, that's why's a touchdown. That's why you don't, that's why boxers, the headgear is like fake. Yeah. He was Protection. That's True. He was saying that the guardian cap is fake protection The box, the thing is true where like you think you have protection so you're more likely to keep your hands down and take more hits to the head. Yeah. But I don't know if that same thing applies for the Guardian cap. I, I think, I don't, I don't have any research whatsoever on the Guardian cap. We do have a fat head of the guardian cap that's up in the, the producer's booth right now, which is awesome.


But I, the guardian cap to me seems like it was put in place to reduce like the number of sub-concussive hits that you're taking during practice. Yeah. So like the small hits that don't actually give you concussion. They're trying to dull some of those. And then the argument could be made from like a legal standpoint. If you're the N-F-L-P-A, why are you letting players protect themselves in practice but not in games. So then the NFL had to be like, yeah, you can wear these ugly caping games if you want. Thereby putting it back on the players to accept or or say no, we're not gonna wear this. Yes. So Tua is, he said that he's not gonna wear it when he comes back because he said We don, we all take risks when we drive to work every day. We take a risk. don don't know if he's talking about Tyreek Hill or not.


Yeah. In that situation or Athens, Georgia. Yeah, possibly. But it felt to me like Tua was just saying like, they look stupid so I'm not gonna wear one. Yeah. I don't Even if it helps a 1%, even if it makes your wife feel like it's safer, I think you wear it, it Makes me feel safer when I watch Tua, it's if he was wearing a guardian cap. It's like when I, I wear a shirt to bed because I'm like, if I ever had to get into a fight or like a, a knife fight with an intruder, having a shirt on would help me. Not really, but it would, it makes me feel that way. Yeah. By the way I looked it up, Lamar is a 69.13 on the Hall of Fame monitor on pro football reference.


So if he keeps playing he'd probably make it in. If he gets Super Bowl, he'd jump up big time. I Love that they have stats. Yeah. The average, They're like quantified and at the end of the day they're relying on a bunch of fat old sports writers in a room talking to each other. But It's, I mean the average Hall of fame honor's 108 points and Matt Ryan is 106 and Roethlisberger is a hundred and Philip Rivers is 98. I don't know. don don't know if all three of them, I, I I think Philip Rivers should get in, but I don't know. He, To me, based on vibes, he's a hall of famer. Yeah, But you do agree Lamar Jackson even going to a Super Bowl would make it almost a slam dunk. Yeah. He probably will get it anyway. 'cause he'll probably keep winning MVPs. I'm Not saying if Lamar retired right now he's in the Hall of Fame. But I'm saying the way that he's played. Oh, he iss been incredible.


If this keeps up Yeah. Like anywhere close to what he's been then Yeah, he's the Hall of Famer. If he wins another MVP then he's even not going to the Super Bowl. Yeah. He can be the Hall of Famer. So yeah. Two are not wearing that. What else? Oh Hank, did you want to talk at all about Belichick? Basically throw Yeah, that was on my hot sequel throw. Okay, We'll save it. We'll save it. No, no, we'll save it. We'll save it. We'll save it for hot seat. cool throne. We also had Jameson Williams suspension. So two games. That's a pretty light suspension, isn't it? Yeah. What did he, what did he ha what did he do? PES is what Schefter said. Performance enhancing substance. I wonder what it was.


To me, that's, that doesn't feel like it's, isn't it usually four games if it's like a, a drug if you're on steroids? Yeah. And what it was like A shake or something? A shake May. Okay. It's Galaxy Gas. What is that? It's just whippets that they just slapped a a, a tag on like they, it's New Age Whippets and they sell it and they just said, Hey, it's Galaxy Galaxy Gas. And now all the kids are like, oh this is awesome. It's like, yeah, we used to just do it with whipped cream. Is that the Kanye is worse than Whippets, is it? Yeah. Look At, look at what the definitely packaging looks like. It looks like candy. Yeah, That's right. We shouldn't bash it too much because it could end up being a sponsor And also we've never tried it. Yeah.


Hot T throw brought to you by Galaxy Gas. Loosen up, loosen up those butt holes. Aws I'm not ruling it out. I'm not ruling it out. Is it legal? No, Because No, it is legal because it's, it is technically meant for like making whipped cream, but they acted this, Which Obvious that they're actually trying to sell it as whipping. Oh man. So maybe he was on the Galaxy Gas. It's like very controversial because it's like very appealing to Children and it's very bad for your brain. It's Horrible. Yeah. He might have been on Viagra. Yeah, it could Be. Ochocinco used to say he would take Viagra sometimes and he knew a lot of NFL players that did it. Yeah. Maybe that's what it is. But either way, Jameson Williams, I, I, I do think that he should appeal it and wait because they play on Thanksgiving.


So just wait and do it the week before Thanksgiving and then you only miss five games. Did you see what, or Five days? He said he's gonna try to get back to the team and contribute ASAP As Possible as No, what'd he say? ASAP soon as possible. Which is great. Yeah, it's great that, that's very, very, that's a very fast return. That's a very fast return. But. yeah. Do appeal that and wait till then you only miss five days. Wouldn't that make the most sense? Yeah. don don't know who they play on Thanksgiving though, so we'd have to check the schedule. So It's the Bears. Oh, That's weird. Yeah, but I Didn't know that it does fit. You know, that's the least amount of time that I'm looking out for Jameson Williams. If he's trying to get back asap soon as possible, he would do it five days.


That would literally five days is asap. Soon as possible. He takes his suspension Sunday morning at 1159. His suspension is over on Thursday at like three o'clock. Yeah. And you get to have, you get to have Thanksgiving with your family. Right. Just think about it. Okay. Should we talk a little college football? We have a lot more college football with Ross Dellinger. I wanted to start though. Texas got their welcome to the SEC moments and it was tough for Texas. I saw a couple funny things. One George's defensive line was incredible. They just bullied him all night. Even had sarc doing the panic. Let's hit the arch button, which didn't do anything. That was a weird arch button to hit.


Really weird because he was in for two drives I think. Yes. And then they sent viewers back out there once it was clear that that viewers was not the problem. But it, it felt to me like if you put arch in, you gotta stick with Arch. Yeah. Like you've made a decision that's gotta be weird for yours going back in. They, they, that picture of the two of them sitting on the sideline, both having the manning face, I don't think either one of them was happy with it. No, No. Like, 'cause because you had arch going in, getting his ass kicked and struggling against a really good defense. He's like, fuck, this sucks. Then you have viewers on the sideline being like, fuck, this sucks. I just lost my job. Yeah. So you managed to alienate both of your quarterbacks at once. Yeah. It felt like a panic move. I don't think Texas is completely out of it, but that definitely was like a big boy test that they failed.


Yeah. I, I have a take about the bottle incident about the fans throwing stuff. And, we talked to Ross about this a little bit later. Yep. I kinda liked it. Duh. I kinda liked it a lot. Yeah. Because I root for chaos. I love, I love watching weird, chaotic shit on my television on Saturday when I watched college football. I wanna see weird stuff happen and having the entire student section throw box, they didn't hit anybody. They weren't throwing at players. Nobody was in danger. I'm Sure someone got hit Maybe, but it was, I mean there's a bunch of people on the sidelines. I don't think that they were targeting players with it. They were pissed off at throwing bottles off. What About all the like cheerleaders? Media? Yeah. Bevo. Maybe Bevo got hit with something. So good thing, good thing Aga didn't Go.


I could blame life on at least one person getting hit with a water bottle. Good thing Ugg aga didn't make the trip. They said he is bad on airplanes so they didn't bring him. If Aga makes a road trip, I want the opposing fans to have like bring tennis balls to the game. Yeah. And then throw them down to the field next to UGA and watch 'em go nuts. Yeah. But I, I liked it because it was fucking crazy And. it was stupid. And the refs getting together. I don't know if they were bullied into changing their call. don don't know if one of them snuck a, a quick look up at the video board and saw, oh hey we really fucked this up. Yeah. I don't know what happened. But the fact of the matter was there was like a five minute delay. The refs changed their mind about it gave Texas the ball and as, as a neutral party that doesn't root for either team. I like I did put money on Texas to win the championship at the start of the year, but I'm not a Texas fan.


Right. I have no skin in that game. As a neutral party watching it. I was like, this is cool. College football is better when weird shit like this happens. Chaos and, and then I saw all the talking heads later being like, this is was an ugly scene. This is bad for the sports. It's a black eye on Texas. It's a black eye on the SEC. No, when Tennessee did it and they threw mustard bottles on the field, I was like, that's cool. Yeah. You Don't wanna see it every game. But there is something about college football that it's, it's the closest that we can get to like European soccer culture. Yeah. It's not like this is Brazil where you've got fans running on the field trying to murder the ref. Right. Or stabbing each other. And don't get me wrong, like you shouldn't do it. You shouldn't throw stuff on the field.


But I liked it. Matthew McConaughey had to re release a, it's not a notes app 'cause it looks, it's not actually on the notes app, but it essentially is. He said Longhorn Nation specifically our DKR student section MOC McConaughey coming at at at you here. First off you were electric Saturday night, yada yada. But let's get real about the bottle bombing the field. What is it all Let, but let's get real about the bottle bombing the field glitch. We had not cool bogey move. Yeah, that call was bs but we're better than that. Longhorn Nation knows how to show up, show out like no other and still keep our class. Oh we dropped the class On him class.


You can't do the class. So going forward, let's clean that kind of BS up and leave that behind us for good. We have to shake hands on that. I don't like that from Aughey. I don't like that be, I mean Aughey more than anybody should know, he gets older college kids stay the same age. They're always gonna fuck around. Like this is what college kids do. I like bogey move though. And bogey move is a good move. Yeah. Bogey move. That's a good, good phrase. We Also, I saw a very funny clip of a Texas fan who someone was peering over him and he was texting and he was texting a friend during the game and he was, happened to be seated in the Georgia like section fan section. And his text is, I'm in the middle of the Georgia fans.


Man. The barking is overwhelming. Yeah. It's like welcome to the SEC Bro. Yeah. You're getting barked at man. Yeah. Mississippi State comes to town. That's gonna be a weird scene too with the cowbells invading Austin But. yeah, I, Yeah, It was a big time. Welcome to the SEC moment for Texas. And now they're, I think part of the punishment is Texas has to try to find the fans that threw that shit and then get them kicked outta games and banned from the stadium forever. Boo. That's bad. Don't Do that. How many fe How many, how many feds were in the crowd inciting that riot. That's what I wanna know. It's a good question. You know what they could That that one kid, you remember the kid with a big ass hair that was in the front row? Yeah. That's a Fed. That was, that was a fed. You know what they could do is just have the refs not fuck up calls. Yeah. Think about that. It was a very bad call In terms of this season, which has been great, we have, so we get the Army Navy game in the conference championship.


We talked to Ross about all the iterations of Army Navy. They are now both obviously ranked just rolling everyone. We have the first big test for Navy this week playing against Notre Dame. But some of the other stories, the UNLV Boise game on Friday night's gonna be incredible. I'm very excited for that. And BYU with their quarterback, BYG has been one of the best stories in college football this year and they are now still undefeated, barely get by Oklahoma State and seven and oh and it's just don don't know this. This season has been so much fun. Iowa state's really good in the Big 12 And. we still have just massive, massive games coming up like LSU and Texas a and m is basically an elimination Game.


They're both undefeated in the SEC right? They're Both undefeated in the SEC. They both took non-conference losses week one. It's just don don't know. I I've, I have enjoyed thoroughly this college football season and I know that there have been people who said the regular season doesn't matter as much. I have not watched a single big time game, whether that be Georgia, Texas, Georgia, Alabama, Oregon, Ohio State, any of these games and thought to myself while watching it, well this is lame 'cause we're gonna see them play again. The only shitty thing that could happen, and there should be a rule against this, is you should not be allowed in the 12 team playoff if you have three losses. If you have that, that might happen though. Yeah. Yeah. But I think what they Should, what happens if there's what They should do, if you have three losses and you're like, say Alabama loses another game Yeah.


Then I feel like you need to take an undefeated team that's maybe in a, a group of five conference and put them in instead of a, a power four team with three losses. Yeah, there's three strikes. Yeah. I I I think it's, it's obviously gonna happen because It would suck if a if a team with three losses gets into the playoffs and then they win the national championship, that would be bad. It depends on the three losses though. don don't know. If you find, if they win a national championship playing a road game and then three other playoff games, they're deserving. But I Think it would give a lot of credence to people that are saying that the playoff diminishes the regular season. of course you Yeah, of course you could. You couldn't argue with that person. of course. Where you say yes, you're a hundred percent correct.


It does diminish it. Well yeah, It diminishes a little bit. But I still would want to be, I want to get the best national champion and if that team goes and rolls four games, I, it would be hard to argue against them if It's in 12. I think if it's three strikes, you're out. I don't wanna see you. That's Yeah, but that's that. There could definitely be a three loss. SEC team that gets into to the playoff. Indiana also is An incredible story. They're seven and Oh, they absolutely steamrolled Nebraska. I was there at Bloomington on Saturday. It was so much fun. And they, Indiana, as long as they, their only loss is Ohio State. They should be in. Yeah, they should be. And It's, if they lose another one, they probably are gonna be in a lot of trouble because of their strength of schedule.


But run the table other than Ohio State and you're probably in I like what, what s Netti is doing too. And if you don't know much about Kirk Sig Netti, he's from Google. Him. Yeah, Google him. Look him up and All he does is win. He's from the Nick Saban coaching tree. So he coached at Alabama right when they were turning things around. He was down there with Nick Saban. He operates, moves, looks sometimes a lot like Nick Saban. He's always pissed off like they, he was screaming at his players in fourth quarter because they were only up by 40 points. So he is a very intense football coach. He gets results and he's doing it. His team is like the group of group of five All stars right now. Yeah. A bunch of transfers that were awesome at smaller schools and he just brought 'em in.


He's like, okay, we're gonna make Indiana football good because I know that you guys have proven that you can play Curtis Rourke Max and Legend Max and Le Ohio, right? Yeah. Bobcat. Yeah. And I think he's Got, he heard his thumb, he's Got like 12 guys from JMU. Yeah. His thumb. He's probably not gonna be playing next week. Right. He's Not playing this week against Washington at home. But their backup's actually not bad. He's fuck wait, I got it somewhere. Oh, he's Trace Jackson Davis's brother. Kind of fun wrinkle. Isn't that wild? Trace Jackson, Davis IU legend in basketball. He's probably not gonna play this week. They, they, I would think they need him back for Michigan State because that's not, that's not the easiest game. That's not a rollover game.


Michigan State, their quarterback has looked pretty good. And that's the one that you have to Win. You have to win that game. Yeah. 'cause there are other games. I mean, their schedule has been soft, but guess what? Don't apologize if you are a They're blowing people out. Yeah. If you're, if you're an Indiana Hoosier fan, don't let, don't let anyone make you feel bad for kicking the shit outta bad teams. You Think there's anybody at Alabama that's like, we should have hired Sig? Ooh, that's a good question. I think there are. I think they're losing their patience with Debo. Yeah, They might be. Yeah. Michigan State is playing Michigan this week in Michigan State. They've, they have three losses, but they were, two of them were to Ohio State and Oregon, which everyone would probably lose to those teams. Yeah.


Okay. Anything else with college football? I'm excited for that Friday night game. Boise UNLV. They could play again though too, so we might get a double for that. But I Army Navy. I I want Navy to, I want one of them to finish the season undefeated. Yeah. It'd be great. It was so, so much fun. So much fun. Okay, let's do hot seat Terone. Hank? Yeah. You ready? I'm ready. Hot seat Terrone is brought to you by, we're gonna talk, by the way, way more college football with Ross Dellinger.


Hot Seat cool throne is brought to you by Coors Light. No matter what happens between your favorite rivals this week, you've got a chance to win. Just go to the PMT Instagram and tell us how you prepare for a a rivalry game with Coors Light. For an opportunity to win Coors Light rivalry shirt, five winners will be selected every Saturday until 12 seven. So remember, when rivalries get a little overheated, choose chill and keep things cool by reaching for the mountain cold refreshment of Coors Light. Coors Light is mountain cold refreshment literally made it chill. Coors Light is cold lager cold filter, cold package. It's as crisp and refreshing as the Rockies perfect for a moment to unwind. We love Coors Light. It's the best beer out there. Send us those bottles in cans when the mountains are blue. We love seeing them. That's the start of the weekend. That's the start of the rivalries, start of football. Even the biggest rivalries. Agree. When it's time to cool things down and enjoy the game you choose Chill and then reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. That's coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly Coors Brew Company Golden Colorado. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take.


Hank My hot seat is Dr. Mayo. Oh, why? Yes. He came out, he called the Patriot Soft, so they're playing soft. And then Bill Belichick on his appearance with McAfee when asked about it said it, it's a lot of the same players from last year. I'm kind of hurt for those guys because to call them soft, they are not soft. They were the best team in the league last year against the run. I feel bad for the defensive players on that one. So This is bad. There's Gotta be a lot of distention in the locker room and it's tough. Belichick's gotta be loving This. And there's, there's some, there's some videos. You know, now the, the Patriots like, you know, Twitter accounts and diehard, whatever stand accounts are, are finding videos from, you know, the preseason when they said it's gonna be a a looser locker room, there's players riding bikes around the locker room.


There was mini hoops set up and it's just a bad mini hoops. It's a bad look. You guys got turned into a basketball team. Wow. It's a bad look. And, And Belichick is so he also Belichick's loving it. He's loving it. He went on Tom Brady's podcast. Yeah, I, I, and said the exact same thing. I just, I just saw that clip. Is it the same clip? I was gonna play it, but it's The exact, he literally was like, we were number one against the run last year. Yeah. They were four and 13. Like I know It's such a great stat. But he he's right. If you, if you had to pick what, what is the, so what is the statistic to point to just to prove that you're not soft. It's running the football and stopping the run. That's gotta be, That's a fact, like an extra level of hell for Patriots fans to hear Tom Brady and Belichick talking about their current team like This.


I was shocked that he went on Tom Brady's podcast. Like is it fo I guess it's fully, There was never, there was, they've never said there was beef. I mean, hey, there was beef, there Was a million percent beef in in Tom Brady's last couple seasons. I think, I think they probably realized like, hey, this was all craft. No, no, no, no. Well, no. I think there was, I think they had a very good marriage that got to an end where it was like, we've been doing this for 20 years together. You, the little things bother you from the other person. And that's the breakup. So I don't think it was, But maybe it's like now that we're not together Yeah, no. You realize what you, you Had Yeah, we're good. Yeah. Right, Right. I don don't think It was, and they're kids, they got six Super Bowl kids. Like, they're like, oh yeah, our kids are great.


Yeah. I don't think It was ever one thing that one person did the other that was like, I cannot believe you did this. It was just a year, years and years of little things that annoyed them that they had to break up and now they're fine together. Yeah, yeah. There was beef. Beef is an over ex like beef. don don't think is the correct term for it. No, there was, beef is like, it Was definitely beef. There was 100% beef. And I think the beef might've been, I, it might've been more one sided like Tom Brady definitely at the end was like, I'm sick of getting cussed out by Belichick every day and him treating me like I'm a rookie. And Belichick was like, this is just what I've been doing my entire life. Yeah, Right. And the trainer stuff. But like, I don't think it was Belichick and Brady. I guess there was a little bit of Beef.


There was some beef. Come on. It's okay to say there Was some beef. There's no beef anymore. Yeah, there's Beef still between Brady, or sorry, Kraft and Belichick forever for sure. And now, but They took a shot together. Belichick. Yeah, that's true. Belichick is, I mean, this has to feel like the greatest feeling to watch like the guy, the, the team that, the guy who took your job, the team that fired you, and then them falling off a cliff and you just being like, look, number one gets the run. There was also, but it is funny, there were four and 13 There was reports or like an article that was written where everyone in the organization last year knew that Mayo was next up. 'cause like he was missing meetings with the team 'cause he was meeting with Kraft. Ooh. So like that's definitely Belichick is, is loving this.


Did Belichick go on Tom Brady's show live from the corn maze. Did you see that report? No. No. There was a, I think it was the New York Post and the headline was like Bill Belichick visits Corn Maze with his 24-year-old girlfriend that was built in his honor. Oh, he's crushing Instagram. They made, they made a bill Bill Belichick themed corn maze that he, that he took his girlfriend to on a date. Which rocks. Hell Yes. Yeah. He's loving life. I still think he wants to coach. I think he wants that record For sure. But like he's, yeah, he's, he's enjoying, he's loves life right now. He's enjoying, he's enjoying the off time. Yeah. He was also enjoying just talking about Ed Reed last night. Yeah. Re's his favorite player ever. That man loves Ed. Loves Ed Reed. Ed Reed is his favorite Player. I'd love to coach him one day. Ed.


Okay. Then my cool throne. Jalen Brown. Joe Missoula, or I guess my other hot seat was unnamed sources. Oh, Jalen Brown. 'cause the, you remember Stephen a last year had a report about unnamed sources saying people don't like Jalen Brown. He's too, like, basically said all this stuff that was lies. And he said it was an unnamed source. That's why Jalen Brown at the parade wore the state your source shirt. He went on Stephen a's podcast and basically just was like, I think it's bullshit. The unnamed source thing is bullshit. It's cowardice. And Stephen a was the unnamed source. Yeah. But Jalen Brown just basically went on his podcast and said how much of a coward move it is for the unnamed source to do that to Stephen a's face.


Oh, I love that. You would never put things out on this podcast with an unnamed source. That's the difference between you and Steve. KI No, no he Hasn't. I never would. The walls have The walls. Yeah, The Walls have the walls has A name, but he is not Yeah. I can't control the walls. You're Right. These walls talk. I Would never report that and say it was an unnamed source. Correct. I I did not report that Ryan Whitney reported it and the walls reported it. Yeah. The walls told Ryan Whitney. Yeah. Thank God. 'cause nothing's happened. And, it looks like he's coming back. Yeah. Everyone blamed Ryan Whitney. Is he? Whitney? Probably doesn't even remember that this even happened. Is he coming back? He might, he's Gearing up. Which they also said he was gearing up before they reported he had double Yeah.


Achilles tendonitis or whatever. So who knows The walls might be right, but if they're not I will not feel bad about it. 'cause I didn't say anything. And They have a name. If, if Christian McCaffrey comes back in the, in the Niners, don't lose another game. He should win MVP. 'cause they're so broken. Yeah, he's, he basically they're, it's memes hitting the, the, the fire, the coach button. Hassan Reddick button. Devonte Adams, Christian McCaffrey has to be all the buttons. Did you see what happened? Deebo. So Dee's in the hospital right now, he has pneumonia. So he's got fluid in his lungs. That's why he didn't play last week. He tried to play and they're like, he's got an unspecified illness. Everybody was like, oh, Deebo is soft. Deebo is soft.


He had fucking pneumonia. Yeah. And he's currently hospitalized. It's crazy. So I hope he's okay. But. yeah. The the 49 ERs are missing every single weapon. It's, It's bad memes. By the way. Our good friend Tom Ferelli had a very funny tweet. You want me to tell it to you? You can maybe call him Tom Florio. Yeah, lemme hear it. He said the Jets are just a Randall Cobb trade away from being good. That's Pretty good, huh? Tom hates the Jets. Are you thinking about, Isn't he a free Agent? I think he's retired, but yeah, it was a joke about how Yeah. Basically the Jets every single week are like, this will fix everything. I it's a bad tweet. They could just sign and ram copy Memes just keeps going around the office saying 12 and five.


12 and five That they're going to win every other game. Yeah. But Now, now that the Charger's lost 11 and six. 11, What? What 11 and six gets you in. Yeah. 11 And six. Wait, I don't know if your mic is on Max. So is it Memes is already doing the playoff machine? Yeah. Where he is like the Charger's having another loss means that we can go 11 and six and make the playoffs. Yeah. He just keeps me the lytics. He keeps walking. So it's 11 and six, or is it 12 and five Now? It's 11 and six. What do you say to this Max? I mean, he's, I just want you to get, I just want you to get shot and put outta your misery. Like it, I just can't, it's every week he just comes in and he is like, they're gonna win every other, every game. And then it's just absolute devastation because he truly thinks that the Yeah.


The Jets will win every game the rest of the year. I love looking at The booth now you guys are just, we need to put up maybe, ah, I wouldn't mind maybe the Pink Floyd ass pic poster. Yeah. We, because you guys really are like, like a, a 13 year old's bedroom. Yeah. Let's get that picture. Maybe the two girls kissing Ninja Turns Pizza. Remember that one? Boondock Seats? No, we're 13. We're getting, we're we're starting to feel some things. Yeah. We we should just slowly start taking down the sports stuff and putting up chicks. Yeah. The booth has hit puberty. The, the Belushi College picture. Yeah. Well that'll be a little bit later. Yeah. Yeah. Bob Marley at some point. Bob Marley. No, that's never in a college dorm. Never, never remember.


Remember the Mount Rushmore? Oh, right, right, right, right, right. Yeah. We had one where it was, I think about did you ever think, do you ever have a moment where you just think about your like 21-year-old self or 18-year-old self and just like, man, I was a douche bag, but we had one in our apartment that was, it was just a chick spread eagle, like crawling outta the ocean and or just her ass. Yeah. That's good stuff. It was, she was hot. That's good stuff. You had the Pink Floyd picture. It's like put the whole, it, it put the whole room Together. My, my roommate had the Pink Floyd album cover ass ass picture. And he didn't ever listen to Pink Floyd. Yeah. He couldn't name a single song. He's just like, it's asses. It's Asses. Yeah. That plays. What were you saying, Hank?


That was it. Yeah. Jalen bronze is maybe the smartest person alive. Oh Wow. He's very, very intelligent. Very well spoken. It's a great interview. Do you have a cool throne? My cool throne was Missoula, but we talked about that and just me dunking 'cause of the quote Missoula had when he was asked about repeating, said Zero, there's no pressure. We're all gonna be dead soon. And. it really doesn't matter. So that made me feel a lot better. Just about everything. Maybe when, when Missoula comes to Chica Chicago to play the Bulls, he chokes you out. And. we get one of those stories. You ever hear those ran? Everyone knows it's, it's usually not real, but like, oh, a friend of a friend. Like they, they got, they were drowning for like a minute and then they came to and they spoke fluent Spanish, like shit like that.


Maybe that will happen to you. He chokes you out. You lose consciousness then you can dunk. I'm Down. More of your blood's going to your leg muscles. At that point. We, who was the guy Max? We met a guy at Tahoe. Remember that guy who had a cane? He was like, I got in a car accident. Oh yeah. Afterwards I was in a coma for like 30 days and I came out speaking Spanish. Do you remember that guy? I do. Yeah. Those stories are always crazy. I, I read one about a guy that had a stroke and then he could play the piano perfectly. Yeah. He never played an instrument before That I think is what we have to do. He's gotta choke you out and hope that you can just dunk after. But isn't him saying like, we could all be dead tomorrow. Doesn't that make it, it doesn't make it more likely that you're gonna be able to dunk. It just makes it more, it makes it easier for you to accept not dunking.


Yeah. Yeah. There's zero pressure. So either way, like mentally you're in a better spot. Yeah. There's zero pressure. Okay. What about the money aspect though? Zero pressure. Money's not real. No. Money's not real. Nothing's real. Yeah. If you die tomorrow, who cares if you have money or don't have money? That's pretty fucking deep. Do You think that when we die people will still listen to the show? Like old episodes? Yeah. You think the age like you can go back? I hope so. Maybe they'll get better. Like when an artist dies and, and their paintings are worth so much more. I think about that every now and then. Like when I die, hopefully many, many years from now. Like my kids will be able to just pull me up all the time At that point. It's Kind of a weird feeling. You'll be able to use AI and get, get Daddy's take on what just happened to the Bears game?


Yeah. It's just don don't know. It's a weird thought. Hot seat. Ter on PFT. My hot seat is NHL merch. Oh. Because the NHL has just announced a partnership with fanatics and Lululemon combined to sell NHL stuff. And I was thinking when I saw this, this, this would be a real shame if they had the same issue that the MLB pants had with fanatics. Yes. If Lululemon had that, yes. It would be a real shame. And. we should not hope for that. I agree. And then my cool throne is number one bots on Twitter. Wait, You don't want it. It'd be a real shame. It would be shame. It'd be a real shame if Lululemon had the major league baseball pants issue. Nobody wants to see that, right?


No. Be gross Asses For the love of God. Please. No. Get it Hank. I do. Yeah. I thought, yeah. And your pants are the most comfortable, some of the most comfortable sweatpants out there Besides rollback. Yeah. Rollbacks number one. My cool throne is bots on Twitter because they're fucking everywhere. It's it is crazy fucking Everywhere. Yeah, it's They're fucking everywhere. You have Both, you have like multiple Yeah, They're everywhere. Fucking, You have so many different types of bot accounts and they all are reply guys. And they all come up within the first like half second of any major account that tweets something. You got the porn bots, the OnlyFans bots, then you have the gambling bots. Then you've got the bots that have like a Pakistani flag as one of their emojis and they all reply immediate and they're getting better.


You Yeah. The bots that just repeat your tweet back to You. Yeah. They paraphrase and, but they're getting better. It's kind of crazy how fast they're able to do it. Now are You, do you guys block 'em? I just block 'em. I don The Times. I don't think it helps. I don't think it helps at all. But if I see like there's three tweets from the same account underneath, I just block it. But I don't think it helps at all. But It's gotten like it's way worse than it's ever been. Right? Oh yeah. And there's a theory, it's called the Dead Internet Theory. Have you heard about that? No. It's a theory that like starting in 2016 or so, most of the internet became populated by bots. Got it. And so like half of everything that you see is not written by a person. It's written by like a software program script. I don't think it's that much. But on Twitter, excuse me.


X x.com, the everything app, it's all happening on X. It feels like it's, it's at a level that I've never seen before. Yeah. And I don't block them because I want to, I wanna know what the bots are up to. Yeah. I block 'em. I don't think it does anything. I wanna keep an eye on 'em. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause they just create, there's like one button that they press and boom. Million new bots. Yeah. Alright. My hot seat is Jersey Jerry, our friend Jersey Jerry, this came from Nikki G. Listener. He, he tweeted this at me. He thinks he found Jerry's Reddit account. So the little, little Wednesday reading real quick if I can. This is from 1400 totem pole. They wrote, I'm not gay, but I wanna live in a log cabin with Russell Wilson.


We won't ever have sex, but there will be a simmering, erotic undercurrent as I stand in the kitchen window watching him tighten his ass as he chops wood, shirtless sweat pouring off his body. I'll run upstairs and masturbate the entire time, forcing myself to think of women. While my thoughts drift back to Russell, I won't be able to climax and eventually I'll go back downstairs angry. Sometimes we'll look across the table and catch each other's eyes. And in that second anything is possible. But we both deny ourselves and go back to what we were doing. One day one of us will die and the other will bury him outside the log cabin. Then he'll go inside pen a brief missive to his parted friend and commit suicide. Never able to deal with life without his one true platonic love.


This Is literally, this is that episode of the Last of Us. It's crazy. With Nick Erman, if you've ever seen that. This is the last of Russ. Yeah. Like this is what they're doing right now. That that might be Jersey Jerry. Yeah. So thanks to Nikki G for pointing this out to me. It's Jersey Jerry. I'm not gonna tweet about it until the show comes out, but it is like, that was one, I saw it yesterday and I bookmarked it and I was like, I'll bring this up. And then we have to be like, Jerry, what's going on dude? Yeah, I mean, it it does, the only thing is the writing style doesn't necessarily match it. Yeah. It's, it's actually put together nicely. I Don't think that Jersey Jerry knows the word erotic. I Don't think he knows how to write. Yeah, It is all speech to text and Jersey. Jerry.


Fun Fact about Jersey Jerry. He doesn't have a computer. How? He doesn't have a computer. I, I feel like that might be a trend though. We, we, I was like, we're All given computers. He, No, I'm doesn't have one. I I'm saying like, I'm saying like, there's probably more younger people that don't have computers. He, He is not young. I know. And he also just doesn't 'cause I Well he, he, he kinda is came. Yeah, he is a little bit Was he He's like 28. Yeah. 29. He, yeah. I said something to him like, have you ever blogged? He's like, don don't have a computer. So, so maybe he just did it on his phone. Mike Kolter and I have two. One is the Las Vegas Raiders because they fixed their quarterback room eight O'Connell's Hurt and Spencer, or sorry, Desmond Ritter is now a Las Vegas Raider.


Okay, good. So that will solve everything. What Was their plan going into the season? That's still mystifying. Pray. It's like Gardner Michu maybe. Yeah. Prey. And then my other cool throne is Minnesota Sports because they recreated the old Randy Moss kg picture with Anthony Edwards and Justin Jefferson. And I know Minnesota sports are sad state, don't win things, but they might have like the coolest collection of athletes in the last 20 years, like compared to anyone else. Yeah. And also did Anthony Edwards say that he wanted to play in the NFL after a couple more seasons in the NBA? Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Think about it though. They had kg, they had Randy Moss, they have Anthony Edwards, they have Justin Jefferson.


They had Joe Mauer. Yeah. Very cool. The coolest, coolest athletes. He's awesome. He's rad. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, let's get to our interviews. We've got two great interviews. We have Ross Inger talking more college football. Then we have a really cool interview with Chris Brickley, who is it? NBA trainer. You've probably seen all his videos talking about his story to becoming an NBA trainer with mellow and little NBA talk. You know who, who's gonna be good this year? Who he's been training. Very cool interview in studio. But before we do that PFT.


Yeah. Before we get into the interviews, they're brought to you by Amazon. Thursday night football. It's only on Prime video. This Thursday we got the Vikings going out west, taking on the Los Angeles Rams. Join Al Michaels, Kirk Herb Street, Kaley Hartung for the Hollywood Showdown. I'm excited for This. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party. It's TNF tonight Live from Los Angeles. If you're not a Prime member, it's not a problem. Just simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. This Thursday night coverage starts 7:00 PM Check it out. Football's back. It's on Prime Vikings at Rams Big game. You can get a free 30 day trial. If you wanna sign up, check it out. You can cancel it at any time. Restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime For details amazon.com/amazon Prime. For details, it's Thursday night of football. Vikings Rams, get involved.


All right. And now here is Ross Dellinger. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest. He covers college football for Yahoo. It is Ross Dellinger. You can also hear him on the College Football Inquirer. Great podcast with Dan Weszel and Pat 40 Ross, first of all, thank you for joining us. You're gonna help us get navigate this crazy college football season. I wanna start though, you were in Austin on Saturday night for Texas, Georgia. Have you, in all your years of covering college football, seen a scene like that where water bottles storing on the field weirdly maybe helped a call get overturned for the Texas Longhorns even though they fell short and got absolutely killed by Georgia.


Huh? Never, never in, in 20 ish years or so of covering college football and honestly high school football in pro football, I've never seen that. I've never seen a call announced to a crowd and then the ball be marked and then there'd be some kind of pause in play and then the call is reversed. Usually you see the officials confer in before an announcement and before marking the ball and then to, you know, to overturn a call. You don't see it announced, marked and then overturned. So that, that was the first for me in a while. And then it just added or ever, and then it just added a lot of drama, right, with the, with the stuff being thrown in the field and the fact that there was a five minute pause probably in the game to clean up the water and beer bottles and everything else that was thrown out there.


And during that pause, basically the officials, that's when they conferred. Yeah. So the suggestion is if bottles aren't thrown in the field and they don't have that pause, they don't confer. Georgia snaps the ball and keeps possession instead of Texas getting possession. It was, it was wild. And you can imagine I was on the field after the game and the Georgia administrators were down there, the Georgia president and the Georgia Athletic director. And lemme tell you, they were not too happy. Greg Sankey was down on the field too, and the Georgia president had a conversation with him. I can imagine what was said, but they weren't happy. Yeah, yeah. It's, it's, it was a crazy moment. May maybe Greg Abbott changes his mind about student protests that feels like that benefited him this time.


And when it happened, my understanding of the process was that the officials got together and the official that threw the flag said, Hey, my bad, I've had a couple minutes to think about it and I think I told you that the wrong guy committed the penalty. It was actually on the offense why I threw the flag. And then that was the explanation for why it was overturned. Is that what they're going with? That's right. Yeah. That, that's the, the SEC released a statement basically saying the, the, the calling, the, the official who called the foul acknowledged that he aired in his judgment and he meant to call and Kirby Spark told us this afterward too. He meant to call a offensive pass interference basically on, on the Georgia player not defensive.


And if you watch the replay of the, of the, the play, you can see that just the way the, the way the, the guys were positioned, like the players, the offensive player was actually more in a role you would nor like trailing the play, you would more normally see a DB trail, the play. So I do wonder if the official actually did get confused there and called the wrong player, called the wrong foul and then thought about it while the trash was being thrown in the field. Right. And then conferred and, and changed the call. Either way it's probably not, and, and, and Kirby Smart said this after the game, probably not great precedent to set. Yeah, no. That you can announce a call, mark it, and then, oh, by the way, I just had a few minutes to think about it while trash was being Yeah.


Thrown on the field. Yeah. If you Cry enough, they'll they'll change their mind. Yeah, yeah. I like that. Yeah. So, so the official, you're saying that he saw it like as a defensive back was actually the wide receiver and then called it that way? To me. I mean, I think everybody that watched it and ultimately, you know what it, it's one of those situations where maybe ball don't lie because they got the call, right. They ended up making the correct call on the play and then Georgia just ended up beating the shit outta Texas from that point on. So it's like, this could be a lot worse if it had been a, a call that actually just straight up impacted the, the result of the game But. yeah, it does. Yeah. It basically just says, and I know that Texas is trying to like track down what students threw shit onto the field, right?


I don't know if they're gonna use Yeah, that's right. Surveillance cameras or whatever. That's, it's just a whole mess. And it was done probably in a, in a bad way, but at the end of the day, I think it ended up working out as good as it could for the sport. Yeah, well think about this guys. Like if they had, if they had stuck to the original call right then there, there would always be that, yeah. That thing hanging over the outcome and the result of the game. And certainly it would've been a pretty big, so there's that, there's that point. And the other point is, what if Texas used that play to score touchdown, which they did and springboard them into a win then. So there's a lot of different ways. This could have been, this could had a lot more magnitude I think, but instead it kind of went how Yeah.


You know, it was, you thought it Might go. Yeah, it was a footnote. So I, I wanted to talk about from that game, you were there, you were there, what was the vibe when you're talking to Texas people because not to do knee jerk reactions, but this was Texas in their first big boy SEC game and they got absolutely manhandled like that was, that was an insane performance by George's defensive line And. it felt like, oh we, we asked for this, we wanted to go to the SEC, this isn't us pushing around Baylor and Texas Tech anymore. Like these are big boys. Did you catch that vibe or was it like, hey, we're close, we just had an off night. There was a little bit of that vibe and then, and for me guys, I actually go back 14 years ago at the time I was a beat writer covering the University of Missouri and in their first year in the SEC 2012, they hosted Georgia in their first ever SEC game.


And going into that week, a Missouri player, you know, kind of calling out the old school type of SEC and how they play back then certainly said that Georgia played old man football. I dunno if you guys remember that. And then a, after the game, Georgia absolutely whipped them in the same way that Georgia beat Texas controlling the line of scrimmage, dominating on defense, harassing the quarterback. And so after that, after that Missouri game in 2012, a Georgia player said, no, We don't play old man football. We playing grown man football. And that's what, that's what this felt like. Yeah. Actually is like Texas, welcome to the SEC, we played grown man football. It was amazing.


Georgia's defensive front and what they did against a Texas offensive line that that really was supposed to be one of the best and, and is in the most experienced in the country. It was just they harassed, harassed them, has the quarterback all game. I think they had seven sacks. I think they had three sack fumbles. It was, it was a dominating performance by Georgia. And then afterward, you know, Kirby Smart talked a lot as coaches do about all the doubt, you know, going into the game that Georgia could handle and and stay with Texas. And he talked about the doubters and see I showed you this was a, I showed you game.


This was a welcome to the SEC game. This is how we play. Yeah, I mean Texas's main fault was just not wearing Alabama's uniforms. 'cause that's the only team that could beat Georgia. That's it. Yeah. It's weird, didn't It? They just beat everyone else. They should never play Georgia, never play Alabama again. They can somehow get away with never playing Alabama again. Georgia. They'll be fine. They'd never Lose a game. So speaking of Alabama, you, you, you know, your bread and butter, you know, starting out was SEC. How, what do you think the vibe is like in Alabama right now knowing that it's not that they have lost to Vanderbilt in Tennessee, which are bad, you know, Saban would never lose to Vanderbilt. But it's also, you could kind of see Alabama and they don't have the toughness discipline that a Nick Saban team has always had.


And that's gotta be driving people insane, I would imagine. Is is Tuscaloosa still standing or have they burned it down yet? I mean, yeah, I can't imagine what it's like there right now in the building, outside of the building. I, I just, I Sunday church on Sunday in, in in Tuscaloosa or anywhere in Alabama I'm sure was, this was a talking point. The tide losing two of their first seven, which hadn't happened since Saban's first year, 2007. Wow. And you're right, you nailed one of the issues. They are undisciplined and we've seen through 17 years, we saw pretty disciplined teams from Nick Saban and, and they are just undisciplined.


We saw 15 penalties. I think Alabama had, I think they are in the bottom 10 in in the FBS in total penalty yardage in games. So, and these are silly penalties. They're like post, post, post, you know, snap and, and pre-snap penalties, frustration, emotional type penalties, you know, and it's the little things. These teams are separated by so small, they're talent is so close, especially with Alabama and Tennessee and the Georgias and the Texas. It's these little things. And sometimes a penalty or a group of penalties can be the difference in a game. Yeah. So it's been shocking to see how they played in, in this is a storyline.


Certainly from here on out is Nick Saban, their former coach, right? And maybe the best of all time is Square in the middle of college football still every morning on Saturday. And his team, right, his former team at least is, you know, losing as bad as they have since he took, since he had originally taken over. So I'm fascinated to see how Nick Saban nationally on ESPN is gonna approach this. Yeah, yeah. Well I mean, you said it, it's, it's the first time it's Happened since Nick Saban's first year as well. Now obviously Devor took over a, a much, much, much better program than, than Saban inherited at the time. But there's gonna be growing pains and I, I actually think the SEC right now where it stands, we're in for a very fun couple weeks here.


'cause there's, there's a little bit of chaos. We don't know what's gonna happen. And with the 12 team playoff, it feels like there's like any number of five different combinations of ways that this should, this could shake out. So from where we're sitting today, it's October 21st, where, where is this gonna play out? Who's gonna win the SEC? And then what other SEC teams do you think are gonna be in the 12 team playoff? Yeah, I mean it, we could really, we could be locked at four or five teams at the top all tied with one, two losses. You look and there could easily be three or four teams that finished 10 and two in the league and how do you separate these teams? Some of 'em didn't play each other. 'cause the conference has gotten so big, you know, in all the conferences.


Right. That's one of the issues with this consolidation of conferences and the consolidation of big brands and the growth of conferences is that you got rid of the divisions. So everybody's lumped in together and there's 16 or 18 teams in these conferences and some of 'em don't play each other. So you got all these tie breakers including down to like the fifth, sixth, seventh tiebreaker down to like flipping a coin, right? To see who goes to the championship game. We could, we could really be in, in, not just in the SEC but in for some seriously weird ties in Tiebreakers. But to get back to your question, I think we all probably saw the best team in the SEC on Saturday night in, in it's Georgia.


It's a healthy Georgia, you know, as long, as, long as they can avoid Alabama, right? It's a, it's a healthy Georgia, you know, they were missing a lot of defensive players against Alabama. They were missing a lot of defensive players and in a lot of these games against Kentucky, they got pretty much everybody back against Texas And it showed. And that's, that's what they are. So to me Georgia's probably, you know, the best team in the league, you know, from there I think there, there's a, there's a grouping of a lot of, a lot of teams kind of all jumbled together. We obviously a and m right now is at the top of the league undefeated in the conference and so is LSU, they each have a non-conference loss.


And, and so they're kind of right there, you know, so, so me, to me it's, it's after Georgia, it's Tennessee, it's a and m and it's probably probably LSU and then you have Texas as well. So I think there's a big four or five grouping right there. And out of that group, somebody's gotta get to the championship game to potentially face Georgia. Yeah. And, and I don't really know who, who that is. You know, if you look at the schedules A and m and LSU play each other this weekend. So that's gonna, that's gonna tell us some things, right? Texas and Texas a and m finished the year playing each other. Tennessee still has to play Georgia, I believe. Right. So you'll you'll at the end of this thing, if you look at it, we might see Texas and Georgia playing again.


Yeah. Yeah. Alright, so in terms of big picture, we have a, a stance on this podcast. We love the 12 team playoff. Are you a fan of the 12 team playoff? And like we were just saying before you, you hopped on like UNLV, Boise State is a game on Friday night that has major, major implications that wouldn't in years pass with the 14 playoff. What do you think though in terms of for the sport and for any naysayers who are like, we don't like the 12 team playoff. Well I always go back to the per, per the percentages of teams in a certain sport that that can advance to their postseason, right?


So you look at the NCA basketball tournament and other NCAA lot of other NCA sports volleyball. Softball. And around 10 to 20% of a sports participants can get in into the postseason in college football for so many years was 3%. Right? Which is incredibly low. Just too low. Look at pro sports, they have over 20%. Some of there, you know, you can probably go too high, but 3% is certainly too low. So right now they're at nine or 10% with the 12 team playoff, which I, I think some would probably say is too low, which is why we're probably almost certainly bound eventually for 16 team playoff. Like everything sets up for this thing to keep expanding.


Yeah. 14 teams, 16 teams. Like it's gonna keep expanding. But I love it. I love the 12 team. I actually like the format a lot too. I know that's been a big debate right now and there's a couple of real powerful conferences that wanna see the format changed, right? And the Big 10 and SEC, they wanna see a change there. They wanna see multiple automatic qualifiers. But I love the format as it is now where basically each Power four conference gets an aq, their champion gets an aq and then as you mentioned right, that the best group of five team gets an, gets an AQ And, it basically serves in a way as that like 16 seed in the NCA basketball tournament kind of playing the one seed sort of thing.


Yeah. You know, they'll almost always be a 12 seed, although you never know, right? Yeah. We could have like, you know, this year guys like what if we have a big 12 team lose two or three games and, and win the big 12 championship and finish in the rankings behind a Boise or A-U-N-L-V? Well Boise or UNLV is gonna end up getting the four seed because the top four seeds only go to conference champions and they get a buy. So actually you could have that happen. It would be pretty unusual, but you could, but I, I love it. I love the format, I love how they did it. They have seven at larges, right? That are still for those, those programs that didn't win their conference. But I, I really like the format as is.


I wish that they would kind of let the format play out before changing it, but everybody's in a rush these days and there's not a lot of patience. Wait, so what's I, when we met at the combine last year, you explained to me what they were proposing for a format change. So what would be the 16 team playoff and also how does it tie in you do some great reporting this big 10 SEC they're doing like, you know these, the meeting of the families in Nashville and stuff and just trying to box everyone what's happening in all of that? If you can explain it. Yeah, Yeah. There's a lot going on, right. I'll start with the playoff format and, and And, it ties in to the big 10 SEC meetings, right?


So Big 10 SEC adminis ads athletic directors met about two weeks ago in Nashville. It was a joint meeting, kind of historic unprecedented type of meeting between 34, you know, 34 athletic directors gathered in a room. And they talked about three things. One of 'em was the, the future of the college football playoff format. Another one was a future scheduling partnership between the two programs, like a regular season scheduling type of type of agreement. And then number three was of course this house settlement, this antitrust house settlement that will usher in revenue sharing, athlete revenue sharing coming next, next year. So those are kind of the be three big topics.


So they, they do tie into the playoff format. So this past spring when all the, the 10 FBS commissioners got together in Notre Dame's athletic director, those 11 people kind of sit on a board that controls the college football playoff. When they all got together to start talking about a new CFP, there was an agreement that was made that basically the SEC and Big 10 have most of the control. They basically seeded control to the SEC in Big 10 on revenue distribution who gets the money in the future format of a playoffs starting in 2026 and beyond. 'cause for the next two years we'll have the current format, the 12 team 5 8 5 A Q seven at large.


But they seeded control of a lot of this to the SEC in Big 10. And you probably ask why in the heck with the Big 12, the A CC and the group of five conferences seed control to the SEC in Big 10. It's 'cause the SEC in Big 10 said we want the power or we're leaving and we're leaving you behind. And that's what happened. And I've got, you know, administrators have been on the record about that. I had a story back in April kind of diving deep into what, what happened, the ultimatum that the SEC and Big 10 GA big 10 gave them. So nobody wanted to see that or the CD control. So the bottom line is the SEC and Big 10 in conjunction with their TV partner, ESPN, have control of the future format of the playoff and could, you know, they'll start talking probably in the spring, maybe January, about what the playoff will look like starting in 2026 and beyond.


Now there are some guarantees, guys that they made. So there's a guarantee that each Power four conference champion will get in and a group of five champion will get in and there's a guarantee for Notre Dame 'cause they're an independent, if they finish inside a a certain ranking, a top 12 or top 14, then they get in at large birth. So keeping in mind those guarantees, everything else is on the table, where the games are played, how many playoff teams there are, and what they really want and what they've pushed, especially in the Big 10 guys, is that they want multiple automatic qualifiers per per conference. So the Big 10 would like four automatic qualifiers in the playoff.


The SEC, their, the proposal is the SEC would have four as well. The A CC and big big 12 might have two each. Those are just talked about. Nothing agreed to, but that, that's what the talk is. They're trying to eliminate the selection committee and the subjectivity around that. So that is kind of the talking point right now. Nothing agreed to, but that's what the, the Big 10 specifically wants. Okay. It's interesting because looking forward in like four years into the future of college football, you have no idea how many of these conferences are gonna exist as we know them right now, right? Because realignment is still happening. So what is, what is the big picture? What is, what is the end goal that the, the power conferences are are fighting towards?


Where do they see college football being in like five years? Whew. Yeah, I mean some of 'em don't know where college football will be in five months, right? Yeah. It changes so regular, like every day it's changing. I think something everybody needs to understand is that the house settlement, which not to get too in the weeds there, just know that the house settlement will allow schools to pay millions of dollars directly to athletes, right? In the state competitive, you're gonna have to pay millions of dollars to athletes and there are schools that aren't gonna be able to do that. So there's gonna be more and more separation, right? Specifically between probably the top 30 or 40 schools and everybody else.


And certainly the top 70 in the power four in the G five though the gaps will continue to grow in, in 2031 when pretty much every conference, a lot of the conferences TV deals come open, which the TV deals of course lock schools in place, but when they come open, everybody's a free agent, right? So in 2031 when a lot of that happens, you're gonna have more conference movement and more realignment and there's a suggestion that the gaps will grow so big because of all the revenue sharing coming and all the schools that can't keep up that there will be a small segment, not one 30, maybe not even 70, maybe 40 or 50 that separate off and, and do their own thing.


And you guys have seen probably a lot of my reporting and others about this quote super league type of things that are being shared with administrators that a lot of them have private equity back behind them and they basically would separate a, a smaller group of programs into kind of a premier league in Europe and And. it would be more of a professionalized kind of model. That's the way a lot of folks see this going. Now whether that's just the SEC and Big 10 splitting off and doing it or the SEC and Big 10 splitting off and taking some other programs or the Power four, there's gonna be some kind of more formal separation on the way.


Yeah. What about relegation? Have they talked about that? Because that would rock? Yeah. Yeah, it would. You know, the proposal, there's a, there's a group, I, I had a story about this a couple weeks ago right before the SEC and Big 10 meeting. It's called Project Rudy. It's a kind of a, a type of super league proposal, although they don't call it a super league, most wood it takes the four power leagues and all those 70 schools that keeps everybody in their conference. But they play only play one another in non-con. So they play conference schedules and then all their non-conference are against one another. Not against G five. Not against FCS schools. And then they have kind of a redone playoff and then they can consolidate everybody right into a a TV one TV package, which would bring in more money and they have re relegation, right?


So they had tiers, they have four tiers and you're, you're putting these tiers based on how you performed the previous year. So they, they do have a relegation where you can move up and move down. A lot of folks like the idea, it has a lot of support but it has more support from people not in the Big 10 Right. In SEC because if you're Notre not at the top because They're not in an advantage position. Yeah. Right. If you feel like you could possibly lose out on being in the Big 10, why would you ever sign off on that deal? Yeah, Right. I exactly. I hope it just gets to a point in as is my hope that probably will never happen is that we just end up back at square one where you have like the big 10 now there's a big 10 west division like in the NFL and it's Oregon, USC, Washington, UCLA.


So you bring back the regional divisions and then you play it almost like an NFL schedule where it's like you play everyone in your little division, winner of your division goes to the playoff and play it out that way. That's probably never gonna happen. But it feels like it would be funny if we kind of like streaming how streaming took place of cable and now we're back at the spot where we're just buying streaming BU bundles and we're buying cable again. We're just gonna get back to regional conferences through divisions. Yeah, I I think that we could see certainly on the, for the BA for basketball and the Olympic sports, they're already talking about that, right? How can we regionalize competition because it makes no sense Yeah.


For a volleyball team to fly across the country or a softball team to fly across the country. And folks are starting to realize that there's already talk at the NCA level of trying to more regionalize Olympic sports. But maybe you're right, maybe it happens even in football at some point in, in these conferences break down and separate into a geographic type of regions. You know, I think a lot of that again, will probably get settled in the early to mid 2030s where you have all the TV deals come open and, and and schools are kind of free agents. But this, this revenue share is, is gonna change everything and it, it is gonna for once And for all probably lead to to a, some sort of formal breakaway and separation between the programs that make a lot of the money, right?


Like I think the stats are the, the, the top, there's 18 programs that drive 60% of the college football viewership. 18. And of those, I think there's six programs that drive like, you know, 60% of that 60%, right? Right. So those programs are, and along with a few others are, are gonna separate just based alone on the fact that they can pay now they can pay players they directly in, in legally. And so we're gonna have to get to a separation and once that really happens then you'll probably will have what you're talking about where everybody starts having a little more sense on geography and travel.


Yeah. Alright. So back to this season, 'cause it's been a great college football season, we've screwed this up a few times. Explain to us how we can get both Army and Navy into the college football playoff Into the playoff. Woo. That would be hard. Yeah. Okay. That would be difficult. What it's, it's amazing though that this is happening this season where Army and Navy are both at the same time undefeated for the first time since World Wari I think. And it's amazing there that that's happening right now. In the first year of the expanded playoff in about six months after the CFP made a crucial decision concerning specifically Army and Navy.


So back in April, the CFP got together, we all know, you know, Army and Navy play the week after the conference championship games the week after the CFP selections are made. So back in April, CFP had a big meeting, try to decide on what to do, what if Army and Navy are somehow in their wildest dreams they finish undefeated And. we have to and and they still haven't played each other. And we have to make selections. Well they got together in April and they decided we're gonna basically not count the Army Navy game. So we're gonna make our selections right on after the conference championship games, we're gonna make the selection of who the best G five team in team is and and give them the aq.


And if it's Army or Navy we give it to Army or Navy and they'll just play the next week. And that game really won't count. You know, 'cause the decision's already made. If that all happens in the first year, That's crazy. It'll be incredibly fascinating But. yeah, it'll be fascinating. Now Army and Navy can meet in the conference championship game, right? Yeah. Right. They can meet in the American athletic, they don't play obviously in the regular season. They play in in that the second week of December. But they can meet in the conference championship game and if they both finish undefeated al they will meet in the conference championship game. So the CFP will pick the winner if they are ranked ahead right of Boise, UNLV, some of the other G five, those are the main two.


Boise and UNLV are probably the, in the G five race, I'm guessing Boise and UNLV will be the teams that will threaten the winner if they are undefeated Army and Navy on that at that American Athletic Conference championship to get the G five But. yeah. It would be wild guys that Army and Navy could play for the American in the American conference championship game. A day later the CFP will pick the winner potentially to get the G five AQ in the playoff and then six days later they play again and the official Army Navy game actually here in DC Crazy. Yeah, That will be crazy. Yeah. So there's, there's a chance that Navy could win the conference championship, they get into the playoff and then Army beats Navy at the Army Navy game.


Bingo. Yeah. And wouldn't that be amazing? Would be chaos And if, if you're rooting for ultimate chaos, you need it to be like Navy beats Army in a controversial ending in the conference championship game. Yeah. That then gets in and then Army wipes the floor with Navy in the Army Navy. Yeah, Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Without, we've an ultimate before. 'cause we saw that, that it's not really a loophole, but the way the rules are written, there is a possibility for a group of five school to get one of the top four seeds if it, if it shakes out like the big, the big 12 doesn't have a great champion, we wanna see Army hosting a a, a game like in the playoff at West Point. How cool would that be?


That would be, yeah, that would be amazing if that does happen in West Point would be, yeah, it would be like probably snowing, right? Yeah. Be be Like 20 degrees it'd incredible Or something. It would, it would, it would be, it would be pretty awesome. In fact, don don't know about you guys, but like the on campus first round college football playoff games, don don't know that I've ever been more excited for anything related to college football than those games. Like I'm, I'm super pumped. I'm gonna try to, they're they play the third week of Dece or whatever December, like 20th and 21st. Those games are, and there's a Friday night game on campus and then there's three on that Saturday. I'm actually gonna try to get to the one on Friday night and then the one on Saturday night trying to cover back to back because I'm like super pumped at on campus college football playoff games where college football should be played, right?


Yes. Yeah. On campus in stadiums. Yes. It's gonna be awesome. So let's talk about the big 10 real quick. So Indiana undefeated the haters will say they haven't played anybody are the haters, right? Well I mean if you, if you look at it Indiana's, Indiana's best win probably is ag at home against two lost Nebraska. Now Nebraska could end the season 10 and two or nine and three. They could, but I, I think that there is an argument to be made that, that Indiana ha basically hasn't played a top 35 40 team in the country. Now that will change pretty, pretty soon right?


In, in a few weeks they'll get Ohio State. But if you look at their schedule guys, they might not play a team that finishes ranked in the top 25 except for Ohio State. So that would, that would be trouble for them if they drop any other game, you know, as far as getting in that large bid into the CFP. That would be trouble for Indiana if they drive, if they're 10 and two in, in, you know, they have a strength of schedule that's don don't remember what their strength of schedule is right now, but it's, yeah, it's not really high. And so they really need to go 11 in one probably to get to get a CFP at large. So there is a look, I mean there's, there's an argument to be made that they haven't, you know, they haven't played a, a very tough schedule.


I was just looking at their schedule strength a found at finally this is, this is Sagar and GE from Jeff Sagar in's rankings. They're a hundred and 14th in their strength of schedule. So that's, that's an issue. It is, but they're beating the crap outta these teams. They're scoring a crap load of points. Yep. And they're beating them really badly. So you gotta think of that as well. Yeah, in Bloomington, we were there, we did our show on from Bloomington on, on Saturday and they all went into the game. So that was, they, they're pumped about India, Indiana has a great tailgate history. Sometimes they wouldn't go into the game. They're fired up and it's a fun, fun story.


Alright. O other, other big picture things for this season. So I, I've heard you guys talk about this on your podcast, but the flattening out of college football with the NIL and transfer portal, it's great. It's great because you get, it feels like anyone could beat anyone at this point. And it's not just watching a sport where there are two or three teams that can conceivably win and no one else. Do you think this is going to continue the flattening out and this is going to be a college football going forward where there's more parity and it's it's a better sport when there's more parity? For sure. Yeah. It's, it's way more excitement when it's more parody. When you have underdogs able to pull out some things and, and win sometimes.


I do think that while NIL and the transfer portal has grown the gaps between the Power four and the group of five 'cause it, it definitely has, the data is there. It has, but I think it's made tighter the top 30 or 40 programs in the country because the talent from a transfer portal perspective is getting spread out. And NIL is now, you know, no paying players are kind of legal. So now you don't have just a group, a small maybe group paying players, everybody's paying players, right? So it, it flattened, it does flatten out the talent and I think in the top 30 or 40 you're seeing that, you're seeing more parody up there. And I think you'll continue to see that now when we get into revenue share it, you know, in a lot of ways it's probably gonna continue to flat more flatten thing out and drive parody because now everybody will kind of have a budget right of, of expected to be annually or in a low 20 millions of what they can distribute to their athletes every year.


These schools, and you're gonna see probably, I'm gonna guess 40, 45 power conference teams of the 70, about 45, go all the way in, in, be able to distribute full, you know, the full amount right. To their athletes. And so it'll, it'll even more so you would think even things. Now that said, there still is outside NIL money that will be generated, especially in the big programs when you have big, big brands and big names, right? Like, you know, Ohio State and Jeremiah Smith, right? A receiver, like he's gonna generate outside NIL income, right?


It's not gonna probably come from the school, it's gonna come from actual real brands. So you're gonna still have some of that, but the revenue share in the portal, all of this has guys, it's brought, it's brought the, the schools like Alabama and Texas a and m closer, right? You guys remember a couple years ago the, the spat public spat between Nick Saban Yeah. And Jimbo Fisher. Well, if you wanna know why, that's why, right. It's brought the two closer because Texas a and m can now pay and is now paying, and the transfer portal allows immediate eligibility. So players that set the bench in Alabama now wanna place, they're going somewhere to play. So it has broaden those closer together.


What it has done though, is further separate the Alabamas in the Louisiana Techs. Right. Those two are more separated, but the Alabama's and Texas a and M's, the Alabama's and ole misses are closer. Yeah. So if you're a, if you're a five star quarterback junior year of high school, and let's say it's the year out 2032, right? And you're number one recruit in the entire country, what school is gonna be able to pay you the most money directly? And then what is your expected like actual income gonna be just from the college? Whew. Okay, so this is 2032 is What you said? Yeah. Let's say like using today's dollars though, because you just said like the $20 million figure, like what is a, what is a five star quarterback gonna be worth at a premier institution?


So, you know, there will be incremental, automatic increases in how much schools can share with athletes every year, annually up until this set settlement is complete, which is 2035. So by the time 2032 rolls around, if schools are paying, allowed to pay 22 million next year to all their athletes, every year, by the time 23, 2 20 32 gets, gets here, it's estimated that it'll be around 30 million. Right. Okay. So let's say each school has a budget of 30 million to spend on all their athletes. Right. And probably 20 million, maybe 22 million of that will be football. Right? So you got a budget of around $22 million just for football in the year that you're talking about.


Yeah. And if you're a big quarterback and you're highly rated and quarterback is the most sought after position, I'm guessing you're gonna sign a deal with the school that's gonna annually pay you, you know, close to, to five to 10% of that 22 million of your roster. So you're, you're looking at two to $3 million. I, I would imagine Yeah. That's, that's what I would think is gonna happen. I mean, you have some of that today, not as much. You'll have more of it when schools are gonna be able to pay pay players directly. Now you asked what school can pay you more. Well, they all have the same budget, but you've got the bigger brand schools that in, in especially located in the bigger markets, they're gonna be able to generate outside NIL that don't count against that cap.


They won't, the money doesn't count against the budget. Yeah. It's, it's outside money. So the Ohio states, the Texas, all, all of the, all of the programs that are in big markets and that are big brands are gonna have the advantage. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Real quick, I wanna do hot seat rankings. So one to 10, I'm gonna say a coach, you tell me how hot their seat is, 10 being the hottest. So Billy Napier would be a 10. He's basically fired, although, you know, good win against Kentucky, but 10 for, for Billy Napier. Going off that Sam Pitman Seven. Seven. Okay. What about Lincoln Riley? Well, the problem with Lincoln Riley is his buyout is Jimbo Fisher type money.


Okay. Right. It's like 70 to 80 million. So if you factor in buyout, it's pretty low. I would think it's less than five. Okay. But if the buyout wasn't there, obviously he'd be right there with Billy Napier. Okay. Yeah. But, but the buyout has to, has to lower the number. Yeah. Brent Venables, They just gave him a new contract over the summer. It was all which crazy typical. Yeah, typical college football. Typical. It's typical. I think the excuse or the reasoning was going into the SEC, we had to get his salary comparable to all the other SEC coaches Salaries. So they added a couple years to the contract. They gave him a big raise, I'm guessing a five because of that. And it's only year three, I'm guessing more like a four or Five.


Okay. I love that. They're like, we, we need him to coach better, so we're gonna pay him like a better coach. Yeah. And then hopefully he'll live up to that money that, Yeah. Yeah. What about Mike Norvell? Well, another, another huge, huge buyout after a year of going undefeated in the regular season and winning a championship pretty low. Three. Okay. What about, what about James Franklin after he loses the Badgers on Saturday night? That's gonna be big, right? I don't, It's a big, that's a big game, man. That's a big game before a big game too. I plan on covering the Penn State hosting Ohio State game in two weeks. But the nit lions will have to get through Wisconsin. They are playing really well. Yeah. So what would that be? I do, I think James Franken's on the hot seat, you Know?


Okay. All I'll just say, hey, trying to throw it out there. I'm just throwing out names. That's gonna be a fun game for just running the damn ball. Yeah. Just so much running the damn Ball. It, it is. You, you're missing one, one other name, you know, down at Baylor da Dave Miranda probably that's A tented with Yeah. Yeah. Billy named that. Alright, last one. Kalen. Debo. Oh, well, again, the buy, I think he, I think he signed a contract where, you know, whatever 90% is guaranteed. So you're talking about like an 80 to $90 million buyout. I don't think that's happening and don don't think that's happening after year one. You know what would happen in places like Alabama, in Ohio State, considering Ryan Day and the streak against Michigan, these coaches aren't gonna get fired.


They're gonna turn the middle finger at the schools and say, I'm tired of dealing with this. Right. Tired of dealing with this crazy fan base. I win all these games. Right. And you're still up my, you know what? Like, I'm just, and they just go to the NFL go to another job. We, we've seen it, we've seen it happen before. Yeah. You know, we've seen it happen before Lincoln Riley to USC, Brian Kelly to LSU, I mean, I, you know, so more so that they get fired, they leave on their own because of the Situation. Yeah. What, oh, Hugh Freeze feels like that's not going well. No's not, It's not, it's not. By the way's, it's not Hugh Freeze's fault. If you listen to Hugh Freeze, none of this is his fault. Hugh need, Hugh needed to, I think I, we all, we all realize now, probably, and, and I'm sure Hugh does, he really needed to get a a, a quarterback outta the portal.


Yeah. You know, I think at the start of the year, guys this season, 60% of power conference team started a transfer a quarterback. It's just the way it is. And if you don't hit the market, if you got an average or below average quarterback, you gotta hit the market and get a quarterback and, and you gotta be able to pay for a quarterback. I mean, some of these quarterbacks are, you know, 600,000, 800,000, 1.2 million. They're a lot. But they're being, you know, Miami, Texas, a and m, Notre Dame, what these, these programs that you see at the top of college football have transfer quarterbacks that they're paying a lot of money to. Where would Miami be without Kim work?


Right? I mean, there's not seven and Oh No, definitely not. He's, the Defense is so bad. He's been fantastic. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. He's been fantastic. They're never out of any game. So, all right. Specifically about the Florida opening, that to me seems like that could be a really interesting one. And, and obviously Billy Napier is still the coach there, but presuming that he's not the coach there at the end of the season, who do you see? Who would, who, who are the Gators gonna be circling? Well, I mean, I think, you know, there's certainly a, there's a lot of buzz around Lane Kiffin. Yeah. Always at Ole Miss. Right? You hear Lane's name a lot, you hear Eli d what's his name quite a bit at Missouri to it.


It's those kind of coaches that are at maybe a mid-tier to lower tier power conference program that have done really well and that have familiarity probably with the SEC. You know, I would, I would guess that those are two toward the top of the list, you know, if I'm, if I'm guessing. Yeah. Yeah. And, and then on the Heisman front, we think that Travis Hunter's the best college football player in America. It Has nothing to do with the fact that we have 40 to one tickets. Nothing To do with that. We're completely unbiased. Do you, do you have a Heisman vote? I do, yeah. Oh, Okay. Well, you agree then that Travis I is the best. Yeah. You agree. Best if we're talking about just the best football player, right?


Absolutely. Yeah. Good point. Good point. Good point. Ross Wet even bring it up. He's, nobody's done what he is done on both sides of the ball, right? Yeah. That we've seen in 30 years. Yeah. It's, it's remarkable. Now, I tell you what, Genty Ashton Genty, the boys of running backs gonna have a little bit of something to say. He's just tearing it up at An incredible level. And, you know, who else gonna have something to say? The guy we just talked about at Miami? Yeah. Is Ash Gente? That's the guy who plays at like one in the morning, right? Yeah. They use a kickoff at 11:00 PM Yeah. Yeah. I mean, listen, we're, you know, the voters are are are long asleep. He's the guy that couldn't beat Oregon. Yeah. He couldn't beat Oregon. Yeah. Yeah. I remember that guy.


People are so mad at us. He came up, The close People are so mad at us because we bring up Travis Hunter on every podcast, but we've been very, very clear that it is this, we did this last year, Jayden Daniels, we, we basically, we bet on him like halfway through the season and then we just pumped him up for the entire season. I don't think we have that type of influence, but every little bit helps. You're rigging it. You guys are rigging The system. Well, at the very least, I, I think it would be cool to see one of those two first players that, like, seeing it not go to a quarterback, I think is always gonna be good. Yeah. Travis Hunter deserves it. Yeah. Yeah. You Yourself, he plays two po. He's a Heisman Trophy candidate at two different positions. Yeah. All He, to get double votes win one Heisman, we'll settle for one. He, I say all the time that Colorado has the three best players in the country.


They have, they have one of the best quarterbacks in the country. They have one of the best cornerbacks in the country, and they have one of the best receivers in the country. One player responsible for two of those. Yeah. He's two of the three best players in the entire nation. That's, that's a good point to put. Yeah. Alright, last question, Ross, this has been so much fun. We really appreciate it. Everyone do check out Ross's writing on Yahoo. He's going to Navy tomorrow to do a story on them. So that's gonna be great. I'm excited to read that.


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, rollback.com promo code. Take


my last question. I was gonna do the lame thing as saying, oh, who's gonna be in the national title game and who's gonna win? But let me do something a little less lame. Our good friend coworker Brandon Walker. You're a Mississippi State guy, right? I am a Mississippi State grad. What does Mississippi State think of Brandon Walker? I have no idea. How am I supposed to know that? I don know. Okay. All right. don don't know. I, I wish I could, I wish I could tell you don don't think I've had a whole lot of conversations with folks at Mississippi State about Brandon Walker, but I'm sure they love the publicity, you know? Yeah. The cowbell, cowbell loves a little national publicity for sure. Okay, so next time you're back in Starkville, maybe just do a little straw poll and let know Yeah, yeah.


Okay. Yeah, I do a little Just, I want his Q rating, I want his curating. I think it's pretty high. 'cause he is like, he does, he, Mississippi State's not a flashy school, and he reps them very, very hard. And he's a good friend of ours, but I would like to know his Q rating. Okay. I'll, I'll see if I can get that done for you. Okay. What do you personally think of Brandon Walker? Well, I don't know Brandon that well. I think I've only met him a couple times. You know, I'll tell you this, he's, he's entertaining. Yeah. He's got hot takes. He, he, he does, he, he does college football, right? In the fact that he, there's college football is essentially, especially online, is just a hornet's nest. And he just walks over every Saturday and he just kicks the Hornet nest and he's just like, yeah, that's right. What I did.


That's right. Well, then day later He runs away quickly. Yeah. Yeah. He gets upset like a day later. He is like, why is everybody Being so mean To me On the worldwide web? Oh man. Alright. Well Ross, thank you so much, man. We really appreciate it and we'll, we'll definitely have you back on. This was fun. Yeah. Y'all good? Being on


Ross is brought to you by HelloFresh. Make this fall, the tastiest season, yet with Farm Fresh produce, easy, autumn inspired recipes delivered right to your door with HelloFresh. HelloFresh delivers all the pre-portioned ingredients that you'll need to make easy, homemade meals, all the proteins, veggies, sauce, and spices. And even more arrive in your box along with simple instructions that walk you through each step in the cooking process. Whip up tasty, tasty restaurant style meals in your own kitchen without the high price tag of takeout and in less time than it takes to get delivery. HelloFresh has tons of options for whatever you're craving. Choose from a changing menu of over 50 recipes each week. Plus, take your pick from over a hundred market add-on items like desserts, breakfast, and snacks. HelloFresh is great. It makes cooking very simple. I actually really enjoy cooking. And with HelloFresh it makes it simple because they give you the ingredients you get to make the meal yourself, but it gives you very clear, simple instructions so you have fun making a meal, and then you get to eat your own meal that you made and it's good for you too. Get 10 free meals at hellofresh.com/free take. Apply it across seven boxes. New subscribers only varies by plan. That's 10 free HelloFresh meals just by going to hellofresh.com/free take.


And now here's Chris Brickley. And now for something completely different. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest. He is a basketball trainer to some of the best players in the NBA, it is Chris Brickley. Chris, thank you for coming in first of all. Second, I think the first question that everyone's gonna wonder is like, dude, your basketball trainer and your last name's Brickley. Yes. That's gotta be a problem, right? Yes. That it, but Just get that outta the way right now. No, for sure. I see it on social media all the time. Unfortunately, I couldn't control my last name, but nah, that's definitely a joke on something.


Yeah, For sure. for sure. I mean, it's like if, have you thought about changing your name to swiftly or something That, that's actually a good idea. Yeah. No, I haven't, but maybe I should. Yeah, you Could just casually, casually. That's, that's good too. Yeah, I know. Brickley is a rough, it's a rough last name for sure. for sure. It's Very funny. So who, who's got the, the sweetest, most pure shot that you've ever seen? Man, I would have to go with probably Clay Thompson. Really? It's a pretty, pretty good shot. You know, Kevin Durant has a very good shot. Just all different, I mean, when, when Mellow was in his Prime, I feel like he was a really good shooter. Yeah, I've, I've worked with a bunch of guys.


I've been blessed. Yeah. So what your backstory is, you played for Rick Pitino at Louisville. Yep. Friend of ours. Yep. Former foe now friend Legend. So he came in here. Yeah. Legend. So what, like, at what point did you realize that, like, I assume when you're playing basketball growing up, you're going to Louisville, you're like, I could go pro for sure. At what point was that like, okay, maybe I'm not pro, let's think about the next thing. Yes, That was definitely the goal. I get there, I'm gonna walk on, so, you know, I'm not playing many minutes. I saw Coach Tino's lifestyle. He, he would drive a Lexus. He had a Rolex. He, he lived a great life. I'm like, damn, my God, I, I wanna do that. So the goal was to be a coach at first. So I was at Ole Miss for a year.


I was the youngest division one assistant coach at Fairleigh Dickinson. Then I was with the Knicks. I was with the Knicks for Four Seasons. Melo kind of took me under his wings. I want you to be my trainer. And that was when I was an intern. So it was kind of, it was crazy for the franchise player to pick an intern to be his trainer, And. it all happened because first game of the year, Melo misses the game winner. Everyone's like, don't talk to him. Like no one talks to him after, after situations like this. So everyone left the locker room and I just went up to him and I just told him how I felt. He went into the office the next day and he's like, I want him to be my trainer. Wait, what Did you say to him? I was, no, I was like, don't worry about it.


I was a good shot. Yeah. I was like, it was, You weren't like, you gotta tuck your elbow in a little bit more or Something. De definitely not. I was like, it was a good miss. This was a good shot. If it happened again, you would shoot the same shot. He liked, he liked that. And Kenny Atkinson, who I don't know, he's been a head coach with a few teams. That was his assigned guy. And then, yeah, I became his trainer and for four years I traveled the world with him year round. And I met all these guys. And so when I left the Knicks, that kind of set me up to start a business. Yeah. And how, how do you know When to make a correction in a shot? Like everybody has off nights, right? for sure. So you can't micromanage that and be like, you know, he misses like, don don't know, 10 shots one night.


No, you're right. Hey, just so you know, you're doing this with your wrist. You have to wait. Right? You have to wait until there's like a, a body of evidence where it's like, we need to fix this. So when is that? I think if a player just in their workouts just aren't making shots, if you look at their figo percentage and they're shooting like 20%, then you have to make a, you have to make a change. Yeah. But you don't want, you don't want guys overthinking it. Most NBA guys, they don't need to make too many changes. But there's some guys that need to make changes. Lonzo Ball is a guy that made a giant change in his shot a few years ago. So we'll see how that goes this year. And How, how do you know when it's mental as opposed to physical? That's a great question. Great question. It's so mental. It's, it's, it's actually, you'd be surprised some of the biggest superstars that have ever played.


If you give me text mid-season, like I lost it, I don't got it anymore. And I'm like, bro, you're bugging. Like you're so and so like you, you haven't lost it. It's just up here. So yeah, it's definitely a big mental game. Yeah. So, so mellow takes you under his wing and then you start training him. When did you open your gym? And I have a question about your gym that I hope is not offensive, but I do have a question about your gym. Okay. Yes. But when did you open it? So when I first started training with Melo, they, 10th anniversary with Jordan, they built him his own Jordan gym. It's called Terminal 23. I don't know if you remember that. Yeah. So I ran that. It was successful and then I moved to Lifetime.


I ran that, the Wall Street Journal came up with an article saying one summer of my workouts. It raised the lifetime membership inquiries, 40% across the country. Wow. So then we got reached out to by a company that, a real estate company. And they said, we want you to design a gym. You can live in the building and yeah. That's your gym. And so that's where I live. That's A dream. So is that gym only for like NBA players or can other guys like our random guys playing? If you live in the building, yeah, you can use it. But we, I have first dibs on when I wanna use. That's nice. Per That's do. Are people in the building, could they come down and just watch? They do. So they do. You know, like when LeBron's working out, there'll be That's incredible.


Guys on the treadmill running for like two hours. Yeah. Best life. Yeah. Literally. Alright, so the question about the gym, and again, I hope this isn't offensive. No, that's okay. But I have a theory that the rims are a little bit bigger at your gym because everyone makes everything No one misses. Right. And This started with Hoodie Mellow. Yep. When he was in the off season, it was just like mellow. Literally doesn't miss. Now you could probably tell me, and this is, this is a real question, like Yeah. This is just how these guys are wired. That if they're not being defended, they're just never gonna miss. for Sure. And but your average NBA player, they're not missing much. But obviously, I mean, I'm not gonna put their misses. I'm not gonna put a string of misses. Okay. Every now and then, if you watch some of the videos, I'll do a string out. They might make 17 outta 20, so they might miss some shots, but no, yeah.


The joke is that no one's ever missed in the gym. Yeah. Yeah. It feels like the best gym ever. So when you got a guy, like, can you explain to people, because this was, this was my argument when we had the whole N-F-L-N-B-A player debate. Okay. And I was like, listen, I understand that NFL players are incredible athletes. I'm not saying that they can't like do great things. I just don't think people understand that an NBA player, when they're in an open gym, they will just not miss, like they, they period, like the worst guy on the bench, the, the, a big guy at the end of the bench Yep. Can still shoot like 50, 60% from three with no one in his face. Yes, for sure. for sure. I mean, guys that people just don't, Ben Simmons will go into the gym and he'll make eight outta 10 threes with no one on 'em.


Right. And you know, it is what it is an NBA player. You are very, very good. People don't understand that now. It changes when defense is on you and stuff like that. We, we, we have to talk about Ben Simmons as well 'cause he's your guy, obviously people, I'm glad we brought that up because I was, I was going to say something about Ben Simmons. Now I know he's your guy. I will change my line of question Simmons. Well it, it was just, you know, this is don don't know, the fourth or fifth year where we're going into the season being like Ben Simmons looked the best he's ever looked. Is that actually real? That he looks the best he ever looked because we've, we've been told that a lot. I can only, so I've, I just started working with him. He, so I, I worked with Jimmy for a few years. Okay. I was like my guy, he moved over to Jimmy's agent.


So Jimmy's agent was like, you should try working with Ben. So we just started working together last year. We worked during his injury, came back from his injury. He had a triple double his first game, last play of the game, pinned a shot, broke his hand, was up for the season. So I, I think the work has been working. He just has to stay healthy. You, I mean this, if Ben Simmons has like An incredible rejuvenation year, it will be huge for you. Yeah. It will be. It Will be. Like, are you watching these games? Like obviously you're not rooting for a team, you're rooting for a guy. Yeah. Are you watching these games being like, I'm living and dying with every Ben Simmons play? For sure. I actually hate watching the games, the guys I work with closely because it's like, ugh.


Especially if I'm at a game. I've built like a platform where like some of the fans know who I work with. So I'll be there at the games and if a guy I'm working with doesn't play good, I have like a guy behind me like, yo, like Brickley, what the fuck? Like, sorry don don't know if he's supposed to swear. You swear. Yeah. Fuck shit. Fuck. Literally. So, especially Knicks games. Knicks. But yeah, it's interesting But. yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you're gonna be rooting for Ben, you're gonna be watching him closely this year. Yeah. Some of the things I've heard about Ben, like that might be a mental thing that you're working with too. I don don't know exactly what you're talking with him about, but is there a way that you simulate pressure for your guys when they're shooting? Yeah, so I think with Ben, so he was the all star three years in a row.


All NBA three years in a row without having a great shot. I think he can impact the game so many ways. Whether through passing, through playing d through pushing in transition that some guys, you just don't need to be a shooter. You could still be. So Ben Simmons just needs to be healthy, period. He's healthy, he's gonna have a great season. Yeah. It's that simple. I'm still a believer in Ben Simmons, as crazy as it sounds. He's young. He's still young. He's, he has full energy. He has his, his body. He was injured and right now he's at a hundred percent. Yeah, I, I've said for the last couple years that Ben Simmons would be one of the best players in the NBA if there was no basket. If it was That's true. If it was like a court. Like he's got everything else.


And if you can get his shot going. Do You remember when he was, do you remember his all star years? His rookie year? Yeah. Yeah. He was fun to watch. Was Magic Johnson vibes? Yeah. I was buying all the stock. 'cause it was like there's, he's a game changer. You can't, you like, he can guard anyone. Yep. And very few people can guard him. Yeah. So I remember a few years ago, probably like 20 years ago, actually, I think it was Rick Berry that was talking about Shaq Okay. In his foul shot and said he could get Shaq to shoot 80% from the line if he would do the granny shot. If he would go underhanded. Yeah. But players don't wanna do that. I, I think it's just a branding issue. You gotta rename it. I was calling it the Pimp Grip for a while. Just 'cause it sounds cooler. Is there something about the granny shot that's, that gives it a little bit better touch if you're not a great shooter. You know, a player from Louisville I think did that last year, two years ago.


Yeah. So with that, that's interesting. I've never, I've never recommended that. But What do you think the reaction would be if you recommended it? Probably wouldn't. I might get some backlash. I already get some with Brickley being my last name. Yeah. But no I don know. I'll think about that. The, the other one, don don't know if you've seen, but like, I think it's in South Korea, they're all shooting it off the backboard. Yes. I see On free throws. I I seen that. I seen that. It's crazy. No, it is. It is free. The free free throws is definitely mental. That's something you could find a great shooter. And even in workouts when we're in the gym, they'll start missing free throws. I'm like, you just made 85 out of a hundred threes and why are you shooting six outta 10 from the free throw line?


It's just like a mental thing. Yeah. So how many shots have you, how many free throws have you made in a row? Personally? Me personally, this is funny. I won the New Hampshire. I grew up in New Hampshire. This Frito shooting contest when I was little I made like, don don't know, 50 something in a row. Got a Jesus got a trophy. It's cool at the time. Yeah. It's Pretty nice. Wait, so back to Louisville and you're, you know, you're on Louisville with Patino as a coach, we've heard about his legendary workouts. What was, what's the hardest one that he would make your, because that's what I always loved about Patino teams. They'd always feel like they never ran outta gas. Yes. And their stamina was better than everyone else. for sure. So what was that like? The practices and, and So I was miserable. So to be honest, I was, my, my years at Louisville, I was miserable.


I woke up every morning pissed because like, I wasn't playing, but I was still having to do these ridiculously hard workouts. So in practice he has this thing, if you turn the ball over, you go on the treadmill. Oh. Or if you mess up, you go on the treadmill. So we were number one in the country. So I'm in the second unit, so I'm playing against the number one press in the country. So I'm gonna turn the ball over. Right. Turn the ball over. He says, go to the treadmill. So then it got to a point where it was like, I'm sick. You, you're turning the ball over too much, Chris, when you turn the ball over, you're gonna run outside and you're gonna hold the pizza. You're gonna, I hold this sign up a Papa John sign and say like hiring, like I'm looking for a job. And he tried to do that to like humiliate me so I wouldn't turn the ball over.


So yeah, that was some very interesting coach Patino moments. But it took me, I had to be removed like three or four years to be like, wow. He actually taught me a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Did you stop turning the ball over after you had to do the hiring side? No, we were the number one team in the country. I was gonna turn it over regardless for sure. When He put on that white suit, did you know that he meant business? That was Like serious Rick? I did. I did. That was, that was a dope night. That was, was a white, all the fans were wearing white. I think it was against Marquette. I wanna say maybe Jimmy Butler was on that Marquette team. That was a dope night. Yeah. So, so we're, we're on the precipice of the season and, and you know, you're training, I know you do in-season training, but a lot of this stuff happens in the summer. The one thing I always love about the NBA is the best guys.


It feels like they find one thing that they get way better at in the summer. Yep. Can you tell us one or two guys that you've trained that you're like, watch out for this part of his Game? Yeah, so Paolo, Ben Carro. Yep. For the magic. He's coming off of his first Allstar season, his shot. I feel like he's gonna be a very good shooter this year. I think that'll change everything for him. I think that'll make him, you know, one of the, one of the best players in the league for sure. Okay. That's one. Number two, let's think of a player that's changed. don don't know. I would, I'm just, I I I can't believe it's this mind boggling to me that LeBron James is 39. Yeah. Still like dunking and still playing.


Like he's 29. I I just, I think he's gonna have a great season. He's coming off being MVP of the, the Olympics. That whole him and Brony thing. I just, I'm excited about that. So Did you train him at all this summer? Yeah. Yeah. And and is, is he still trying to add things to his game? Yeah, he's just, yeah, he's trying. His shock continues to get better. If you look at the, the last I, don Dunno, three or four years, his three is getting better. Yeah. And I think that's something that you need to do as you get older. You know, you need to develop a shot. Yeah. And how much of that is like your direction versus does a player come in in the off season and say, Hey, this is what I want. Or do you say, Hey, I've watched your game. I think this is what we can add. So how it is, is they come in, they'll say, what do you think I need to work on?


And then they'll tell me what they think we need, they need to work on. Depending on, like, if it's a star player, I'm not gonna be like, no, I don't think so. But you know, you have some delusional players that come in that might like the eighth man and might wanna be like, I wanna work on ISO moves. But it's like, well you, you never in an ISO situation Right. Why are we doing that? So it just depends on the player. Yeah. Yeah. So it, it's interesting because there's some players that have unorthodox shooting styles, right? Yes. But, but they're Effective. Tyree, Halliburton, Halliburton's one. Yeah. If you want to go back like Sean Marion Yeah. Another guy that for sure nobody learns how to shoot like Sean Marion. Right. for sure. But if it goes in, then it works. But if you're working with a guy that might have an unorthodox shooting style Yep. And he might be in a little bit of a slump.


How do you go about fixing that? Because like, your mechanics that you normally teach might not apply to this guy. For sure. Again, it's just like a mental game and with the shot, so I'm with the Knicks and Phil Jackson gets the job and he's literally brings in the head coach, fires him, brings in the assistant coach fires him, he's firing the whole staff. So I call my dad, I'm like, just so you know, I'm about to get fired right now. Going to the interview with Phil. And Phil's like, I I have one question. You're a shooting coach, right? And I'm like, yeah. And he's like, tell me like, what, do you need to be a good shooter? Do you need to, like, is there one form? Do you need to hop into it? Do you need to step into it?


And my answer was, no. There's not one way to shoot. As long as you have good rotation and you have a good follow through. He liked that answer. And I was actually the only guy that he kept. Oh wow. So that was, so the whole shooting thing, just being open minded to it. Yeah. I think that's a big thing. It, it feels like too with shooting. It's like, it, it's, everyone can shoot a different way. The being able to repeat the motion too is Big. Yes. How do you, how do you feel about your shot bad. You got shots Bad? It was, I actually, the, when we first opened this office, it was getting better. Yep. 'cause we had the shotgun, so I was getting like, you know, couple hundred threes up a day. Yep. But we've been with football and everything I've, I haven't like shot in a long time. Are you someone that needs to like, see the ball, go in for a few workouts and then you'll shoot good the next day?


So I, you can maybe explain this to me. I don don't know. I mean, I, I've played pickup for a long time. I always find if I don't play basketball for a while, my very first pickup game is incredible and then it just goes off. That's de that's definitely a thing. That's a mental thing. Yeah. So the fact that you're saying that, so that, so yeah percent. Like if I don't pick up a basketball for a couple months and then I go play pickup, I make everything. And then if I play the next day I miss everything. And so mentally Okay. You telling yourself that is probably the reason why that happens. I'm Mentally weak. Yeah. But no, but also that also shows that you can shoot and that some guys, it's amazing. I don't wanna say I'll say the guy's name. So dangelo Russell one summer and he was with the Nets.


We worked closely, we did three on-court workouts the whole off season. That was it. And he was all star that year. Just 'cause his mental was so strong, his confidence. So it's, it's every player's different. There's no one right way to shoot. There's no one right way to work. It's interesting. Yeah. How big of a, a freak is a guy like Wimpy? 'cause it feels like big guys they grow up shooting now. Yeah. Like back in the day, it's like they, none of these guys had an outside shot. But Weby in particular, given how unique his, his body frame is for him to be that good at shooting, he feels like just an absolute freak. Weby is the future of the league. He's, I think he'll be MVP multiple times.


He worked with Jamal Crawford closely this summer that was his trainer. And Jamal was telling me, he's like, we've mastered the Melo footwork, we've mastered the Dirk footwork, we've mastered the, he goes to sleep every night at eight 30. He's like, he's like a machine. If he stays healthy, I think he'll be one of the greatest players that we've ever seen. Yeah. When did that happen? When big guys all got together and they said, you know what, we're gonna shoot too. Yeah. Honestly, I think like around 2014, 15, I remember when I don Dunno if you remember Enni Canner. Yeah. He was like a great big man and then all of a sudden there was like no space for him in the league. Along with some other things that, but it became like, if you can't shoot, you can't, there's no spot for you in the league. Yeah.


It was interesting the Yeah. Yeah. What, how long did it take you to Perfect teaching? The Euro step? The Euro step? Because It's obviously somewhat new. I mean, it's been around for a while now. for sure. for sure. You've seen it In became such a big part of The game. Yeah. In the last 10 years. It's just everyone has to have one and has to be a leader. I Think working with James, I worked with James closely for a few summers. James Harden. Yeah, James Harden. He was in, that was like one of his things like the euro step, the side step to step back. So he kinda, a lot of the players I learned stuff through and I, I definitely learned how to teach that through James. Yeah. What about guys trying to get an edge every off season, trying to figure out how the referees are calling the game, trying to figure out how to draw more fouls. Do they practice that?


They whole manipulating the refs things. So you know how they change the rules. So that hurt, you know, James Harden and that hurt Trey Young. They were getting to the free throw line 20 times a game by, you know, put throwing their body into the player. Then they changed that rule. You, you can't do that anymore. So I think the rules have changed. So it's tougher for players to manipulate the game. Yeah. Which is probably better for the game for sure. Yeah. How much do these guys train with you in the season? So it'll be like long home stretches. It'll be like times when they lose their confidence. They might hit me up like, yo, Chris, come to Chicago. I have no confidence right now. You Gotta use this gym now. Yes. Because next time you come you gotta come back And. we gotta do a video. I know we're, we're in transition right now for sure from Surviving Barstool.


But we, I wanted to do a full Video, no video. We need do a content piece where I work you guys out. Yes. Yeah. And we're all the way in. I'm down. Let's do it. So we gotta do it this season at some Point. Let's do it. I now I'll give you guys a bunch of NBA drills and we'll see what we get. Yeah. That would be bad For, just imagine like hypothetically a five foot, eight and a half guy. Let's say he's 39 years old, his three point shot looks like he's never seen a basketball before. Okay. How long, how good do you think you could make that hypothetical person if he had two months to just work on a shot? I think I could do it. So I have a, I have a cool story. So Jay Cole came up to me three years ago and he said, Chris, this might sound crazy, but I wanna be a pro basketball player. I want, I'll give You, it does sound crazy.


Yeah. I'll, I'll give you three months and I'll trust in you every single day. He would put his kids to sleep, drive his bike to the gym at like 9:00 PM for the first month. We only shot with one hand in the paint for a month straight. Which like, that's a different type. His mentality is different to do that. Month two we put two hands on the ball. And we only shot midrange. Month three we started shooting threes. He actually signed a contract to play in like the NBA Africa League played professionally in Canada. And he actually got a knockdown jump shot. So if you give me three months, I Got, I didn't say me. I said this is a hypothetical, I might need to do this.


It's not me. Take three months and get my shot wet. For sure. How many Hours would this, would this person have to put in per day? An hour and a half a night? Five. About five days a week. You Could do that. I think this person could probably do that. Yeah, this person could do that. Whoever he or she is. Yeah. Yeah. Can you make anyone taller? We could find some steroids. Yeah, exactly. Would that do? Yeah. Well our guy here, Hank, he's trying to dunk. How tall is he Hank? Were he six feet? Six Feet? So he's, so we made a bet with him. Okay. He's got a dunk by the end of the year. We made this bet like four months ago. He's been training really hard. Is he? You're 31. 31.


He's been training really hard. He is six inches away from Dunking right Now. I got something for you. Okay. Literally, this sounds so elementary. Get a jump rope and six days a week do a thousand jump ropes sets a two 50. I bet that if you do that, if you can do that for whatever few months that you'll be able to dunk. Alright. So if, if he dunks because of this, you're gonna have to pay for some of this. 'cause we have to pay him I think 10 grand each if he dunks Ooh. And we're playing. He's coming outta your pocket now Forget About that. I shouldn't have asked for the advice, but he's All, he's all, he's been training for what, like four months, five months. But so what's your training consist of?


Have you been lifting with your legs? Jumping? What's that? Yeah, a lot of legs. Plyometric. Plyometric legs. I've got like an actual, you know, guy that's got a, a program that's built specifically for, for jumping. But do you guys remember growing up those like jump those FT has them the shoes with Yeah. But then they're like tearing people's achilles. Yeah. Right, Right, right. That's why I had dang those up. Yeah, I imagine that there is a lot of junk science in the basketball shooting industry. Right? For sure. Yeah. Like some People that just don't know what they're talking about trying to do like an easy fix. for sure. So what's the craziest thing that you've seen? The craziest thing that I've seen don don't know. I've seen some trainers come up with this. Some weird I. don, I wanna don don't know.


That has been some weird stuff. Some trainers have like, very weird. What About hypnosis? What's that? Like Hypnotizing somebody, you know, like, You know what, that actually could work with. Like some guy that's like mentally like remember the whole Markel Foltz? Yeah. Yeah. Like thing. Someone like that. Yeah. Like when he was in his, like the whole mental I. don. Maybe I'll add that to. Yeah. So you train LeBron's son. Bronny and mellow's son. Yeah. Who, which of the two is like, their game is most like their fathers? Ah, Caan, Caan Anthony. Yeah. Met. Yeah, I think he might go to Syracuse too. He's a top Oh wow. 30 player in the country. He's like 6, 6, 6, 7 now. I, I've seen him from like a little kid now.


He's now he's one of the top players in the country. Wow. He's gonna be really good. Yeah. Yeah. So who is who in the NBA has had the most improved shot that you've worked with? Who's like, kind of went from one, I guess kind of, kind of a cool story with CJ McCollum. So I started working with CJ and he wasn't playing much for Portland. We worked a whole summer and he became NBA's most improved player. So that was like a cool like instant, like, you know, you could see it Kawhi Leonard, we worked this summer. He wanted to learn mellow's footwork and after that he got finals, MVP and kind of like broke out. So that's some cool stories where, you know, we put the work in And.


it showed him. Yeah. How good of a shooter is lethal shooter? Great shooter. I, he just, every video, he just makes everything. Yeah. No, he's a great shooter. Yeah. I'm, I'm definitely, I'm a fan of his content. Yeah. Do you guys, do you have like a, a text chain with all the NBA trainers? Nah, so I don't, I'm, I'm not a lot of NBA trainers are like haters to other trainers and stuff. Yeah. I'm not that guy. I support I, unless you're doing some like bullshit, I support you. Yeah. And I support lead the shooter For sure. Yeah. You are there any, any like turf wars between coaches and you and for Sure versus guy telling? I used to be a lot just because, you know, I use social media. I'll post the workouts, you know, a few, like maybe eight years ago no one was doing that.


And so I definitely got backlash and you know, some of the agents didn't like me, some of that. But now I've grown a brand that, that shows that it's worked. So I don don't really get much to that anymore. I have good relationships. Yeah. So your brand has, has gotten so crazy that you were in the last year's, was it last year's NB 2K? Yeah. In my, in my gym was awesome. Yeah. In your gym. Do you know that people were like mad at you about it? I, I found a comment online. Oh man. It said, fuck Chris Brickley. All my homies hate Chris Brickley. This motherfucker, man, I wish I could punch his ass in game. Why is he a better defender than Prime? Kauai never doing the brickley weekly thing again, bro. ais are fucking crackheads in this game. Yes. I actually seen that.


That's actually hilarious. That's been the video game world for sure. I piss a lot of people off. Sometimes You can't get into my gym in the video Game World. Yeah. It's like, it's, it's, I'll be in the airport and like that airport security guy will be like, man, like, they'll like, gimme a little attitude. It's interesting, that whole video game thing that kind of changed my life, I didn't realize how many people play 2K. It's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. A lot. You ever walk around just doing the shooting motion? Just like going down the sidewalk? Nah, but in the house I, I'll be like, you know, fake dribbling Yeah. You gotta cross someone up every Now and then. Gotcha. Yeah. Are you really good at beer pong? I'm actually not that good. I'm not that good. That's mental. That is mental.


I, I can fix that in a couple days. So You could teach me that and I'll You I, yeah, I can fix that in 10 minutes. Just get a little bit drunk. Yeah. Okay. Have Three or four beers. Yeah. That's the way to do it. Let's do it. Yeah. When I come train you guys, we'll also play a game of beer pong. Yeah. I want, I want to, I want you to train us and get our, all of our shots just wet. We can do that. We Need that. We need that. Alright. Well this has been awesome, man. We really appreciate you coming by.


I have one last question. It's a rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, rollback.com, promo code take.


Who's the one player that you'd love to train that you haven't been able to? It could be actually, could be someone retired too, but who's the one guy? Steph. Okay. Yeah. So I had, so about three years ago, Steph hit me And. it was the end, very end of the summer. I was done, my runs. He was like, yo, Chris, like, can you put together a run for me? There wasn't enough NBA guys in the, in the city at the time. I couldn't do it. So that didn't work out. But since then, I, I wanna see how good he is. Do you have guys that are not NBA guys, but like that you have in your phone that you can be like, Hey, I need you to come play because Kauai's in town. Yeah. Like, I kind of like overseas guys. The guys that used to play.


I do. I have a few, few of those guys. But you never want too many of those guys to run a look crazy. But if I need like two guys To fill in guys. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Do you ever let, like, are you ever like one, one guy gets hurt and there's a guy on the treadmill at your building and you're like, Hey, can you get in There? Actually, literally that just happened. That's insane. And. it was a run that went super viral. It was like Jalen Brunson versus Manuel Quickly. Aaron Gordon, a bunch of NBA guys were playing. We only had 10 guys. Someone got hurt. We went and found a random guy working out and we're like, yo, can you just play in this run for a little bit? And he played in the run. Yeah. And Was he like terrible or was It No, I told him he couldn't shoot. Oh, okay.


That makes sense. I mean, that's a dream. Yeah. Like being able to like Yeah. I, I played pickup with Jalen Brunson Emmanuel quickly. For sure. That's Awesome. That guy's gotta pull one though. Yeah. If he's open, it's like they're disrespecting Me for sure. And I think he might've shot and shot or a layup. Yeah, You should have, you should have the Papa John's sign ready to go When you bring, when that situation comes up, be like, Hey, if you shoot a shot, you're gonna go outside. Coach B style. Yeah. Coach B style. Love it. Well, thank you so much, man. Thank you. Really appreciate it. It was awesome to have you on and yeah, we gotta we gotta set it up. I'll be back. Give us a whole workout. 100%. Yeah. I'm just Gonna say I'm rooting for Ben Simmons this year. Yeah. I wanna see what you can do. I, I like to hear that. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it would be a great comeback story Because the internet is Brutal.


It's a bad place. That's what the, the internet's a terrible terrible place. Tears everyone down and hopefully, you know, but they, but the internet loves a comeback story too. They do. Yeah, They Do. Yeah. So everyone will just all of a sudden be like, I was always a Ben Simmons fan. Facts. I'll just say I became a Ben Simmons fan. I'll be nice about it. Yeah. I'll just Lie. Yeah. And say I've always rooted. That's what They do. That's, I never went against him. Yeah. That's What they Do. Yeah. Well thanks so much, man. Appreciate it. Thank you.


Chris Brickley was brought to you by part of my cheese steak. Football is back, it's in full gear and ordering part of my cheese steak for your game day meal. Our late night eats is the best play call you can make. Part of my cheese steak brings you awesome cheese steaks loaded fries delivered right to your doorstep and will be offering free delivery throughout the entire football season. And if somebody dunks on Bronny, they get a free part of my cheese steak courtesy part of my take. Take your pick of our delicious cheese steaks made with fresh, thin sliced steak, melted provolone, mouthwatering cheese sauce, and caramelized onions. On a toasted hokey roll, we have classic cheese steaks, Chipotle cheese steaks, chicken cheese steaks, buffalo chicken, cheese steaks, and many, many more. You can order the popular Big Cat combo, get your cheese steak of choice, fries and a drink. Find a part of my cheese steak near you. Order yours now at part of my cheesesteak.com. Use code a WL for delivery.


Okay, let's wrap up Guys On Chicks. By the way, we got a big interview coming Friday. People are gonna really like our interview on Friday. Yeah, It's, it's gonna be rad. Yeah, it was a very fun dude to talk to. Also during that interview with Chris Brickley, if I was sounding flustered, that's the day that my El Camino broke down in traffic and I was like 20 minutes late. That was, yeah. And I like sprinted in and then just sat down in my chair. I was like, okay. Interview. Yeah. They showed up and I was like, yeah, PF T's on his way, but his El Camino broke down. Like, what? Yeah, but really cool guy and we're gonna have him come back. So it was the, the court was inoperable at the moment when he came, he's going to come back and we're gonna do a training video with him. Yeah. He's gonna get us wet guy's on chicks.


What athlete do you, I don't know if there's Guys, On, Chicks really, but what athlete do you guys think you have spent the most hours of your lifetime watching? Ooh. For instance, for Max it might be Jason Kelsey because of watching every Eagles game and his long tenure. But then you also have to factor in how many hours we've spent watching Brady and LeBron and their insane longevity and always playing in the big games. I think it might be Brady it Or, yeah, like Manning or Or Brady Or LeBron. Yeah. Actually LeBron's probably the answer 'cause Of the time. Yeah. More games. Yeah. 20 years Every postseason. Yeah. It's LeBron. David Ortiz is probably up there for me. I think It's gotta, yeah, it's gotta be like a baseball player that you, that has been around for a long time. 'cause there's so many more baseball games than there are, I guess basketball.


But you're not watching every LeBron, LeBron Game game. I'm not watching every baseball game either. Like if it's a player on a team that I don't, I'm not invested in like, I'm not sitting and, and watching Mike Trout games. You know? Think about how much LeBron you've probably watched, I mean, you've watched every playoff game he's ever been in. True. And yeah, he's been in a million playoff games. I think it might be LeBron most watched athlete. Yeah. Tiger Woods sneaky up there though. Hours. No, but he doesn't play enough. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think LeBron is. Yeah, LeBron Brady is probably up there too. Yeah, it's probably that Mahomes if he plays for a long time.


Just because you can now like watch every game no matter what, but there's, so mine Probably ort football game. Yeah, mine mine's probably, or you're right. Ortiz was 2004 to 2000. But LeBron has just been around for so goddamn long. It's crazy. Like I, how many playoff games has LeBron played in? Let's see. Probably, I'm gonna guess What? 98, 287 playoff games. It's LeBron. Yeah. That's an insane amount of Playoff games. Is that like four seasons worth of playoff Games? You've been watching every single one, like you three, there might be a couple that you miss, but for the most part you watched every LeBron playoff. Yeah.


I came home from a trip and there are bite marks on my good cheese, like two giant bite marks. I asked good cheese and he said he didn't want the dishes. Is this normal behavior, Is this a guy's on dogs? It sounds like a mouse. No, I think she's saying she, she left the house, went on a trip, came back and then her boyfriend or husband ate the cheese but didn't cut it with a knife. Yeah. What do you, what do you expect? Yeah. No, I, I mean I, I would actually expect cutting with a knife 'cause I just do the paper towel move where I just make a plate with a paper towel. Yeah. But sometimes you just open up the fridge and there's cheese in there and then you're just like, I'll take a just quick nibble.


Did You think he ate the cheese and then put a cracker in his mouth? I'll do that Sometimes. Made it combined. Yeah. Make a sandwich in your Mouth. Made his own Ritz bits. Yeah. Listen, sometimes just gotta take a bite. Yeah. Sometimes You gotta take, if it's good cheese, you gotta do it. Don. Don't understand how you leave a bite mark. Like did he, did he sink his teeth in? That Is savage behavior. You have To without, like, you should be able to get a clean right to make it look like you cut it. Because I do the rip, like if we have banana bread, I rip it and then I'll come back and, and cover my tracks. Yeah. That, that is, I think the, the smartest move is to go in and just break the, the like triangle. Corner off the cheese with your fingers. Yeah. Your finger and your thumb. And then you just pop that in. Yeah. Yeah. The bite marks doesn't make a lot of sense.


That's a savage. I was working in the hospital on Sunday and decided I wanted to make soup for dinner. I instacart everything I needed to be delivered. I come home later to find out my husband is mad at me for dumping all those groceries on me to carry upstairs and put away without asking me first his reasoning is that his football Sunday and he also wanted the flexibility to take a nap without having to get up for s sitting outside. My husband is ridiculous. Right. I love, we're currently trying for our first baby. Won't he have to temper his Sunday expectations a little when we have our baby? Thanks guys. I I love This guy because his wife is possibly pregnant. Oh wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Yeah. Yeah.


There's a follow up. Oh man. These, they're fighting. I Love this. Hey fellas, this is the husband from the grocery store. I told you to be clear, it was three heavy bags of 20 items plus a case of water bottles. Just saying love the show and my marriage. Okay. Alright. So, so I love this guy because number one, his wife, she might be pregnant. Number two, she's working at a hospital like saving people's lives during the day. Number three ordered ingredients from a grocery store. So, so she can come home and make him soup and he just wants to sit on The couch and watch football. He is like, I have to take these groceries up the stairs.


He ruined my Sunday. Yeah. I'm gonna side with the wife here and let me just explain it in a football analogy. 'cause this guy is a football guy. You gotta take the easy checkdown every now and then. There's certain things that if you had just done five minutes of putting the groceries away, you're a hero. You took the easy pass. Just get a completion and don't have them come home and be like, what the hell is this? I would say you're, you're like Harrison Bucker. Not in the way of him talking about women, but in the way of you're mad at Patrick Mahomes for not getting the ball on the hash mark that you like it for a Super Bowl winning kick. Yeah. The easy completions are all around us. You just gotta keep picking 'em up. Take out the trash before you're asked to.


Yeah. Clean the dishes. If there's a couple dishes in there, just clean 'em up. Easy completions. Make you an elite quarterback. That's actually one of my favorite moves. If, if you're ever at like a, a significant other's house and maybe it's your first or second time being around the family, go in the kitchen, take the trash bag out, take it out to the trash can without being asked and everyone's like, wow, this is you. You married a hero. Yeah. It's a long time. Like Thanksgiving morning, I always talk about, I always preach to everyone. 'cause you know you're gonna wanna watch football and sit on The couch and get drunk and eat Thanksgiving morning. Find one thing that is like, I'll go get ice or I'll go do this. Oh, we gotta pick up the pies. Just do the one thing that everyone be like, oh, he went and did that.


Check mark and announce it too. Make sure everyone knows that you did that thing. Hank's winding up for breaking moves right now. Oh, Breaking moves. Yeah. We can end on this. Unfortunate breaking moves. I know. Banner night for the Celtics. Meanwhile, Joel and Bead and Paul George are out for the opener verse bucks on Wednesday. Ah, Load Management. I like it. And bead is progressing well and ramping up scrimmaging this week. He'll not play this week. George will be reevaluated la later in the week. Yeah, He's fine. Damn, This sounds fine. It's, it's October basketball. Do you have anything? Who gives a fuck about October basketball? Do you have any I'm excited for tonight. Do you? Yeah.


You're a loser. Well, It's literally panner. Yeah, That's, that doesn't work. Figuratively. Do you have anything to say Max about Literally Jared McCain bothering everyone with his vlogging. That was funny. Yeah, Kyle was funny. Kyle, do you guys see that? Kyle was like, dude, turn that off to fuck. I mean, that's just, that's just like vet rookie, you know? Just back and forth. Jabs back and forth. Yeah. Let, let, let the new guy do his little tiktoks and the old guy's gonna be mad about it. Yeah. It's fun stuff. Fun stuff. I love that. No, that, that was fun. That Was fun stuff. But you we're not concerned about MB and Paul George being out. No, it's fucking October. Okay. Who? It gives A shit.


Is it a good omen or a Bad Oman? Would you rather them play I don? I don't care. Yes. I would rather them play. Okay. All right. So then it, it matters A little. It, it matters. Maybe like 1%. Okay. I don't don don't know what the percentage is of, but it's 1%. 1% of something. It's Usually a hundred of my brain. Yeah. Would prefer them to play. Yeah. I I, yeah. I guess I won't watch that game now on Wednesday. Damn Shit. You sound like Not actually. Yes I will. Yeah, you will. Maxie will go off. Maxie will go for like 50 Yabu. Jared McCain. Jared McCain. You gotta watch it. It's, you gotta watch it because then it's like watching a hard knocks preseason game. You're gonna get to watch the, the vlog later behind the scenes.


And Andre. Andre Drummond. Great backup. Backup center. Now. Not as good as B Ball. Paul. I love B Ball. Paul But. Yeah. Don't, don't say anything about B Ball, Paul. Alright, good show boys. Hank have fun. Yeah, You're littler fest tonight. The one word you can't use for banner night is calling Hank a Loser. But Hank, I mean he is a loser. No, I mean, Objectively speaking Hank is the biggest winner on this Show. But not in the literal sense. Yes, In the other sense. What's The other sense? don? Don't know. What Are you trying to say? That Hank's the worst.


Agreed. They agreed. Say that. You should've said Say that. Say that. Probably I'm the worst 'cause I win. Yeah, partially. That's Why you think I'm the worst. If I was a loser, you'd Feel bad for numbers. Oh, Hank's a good guy. Numbers Like you. That's what they say about you. Like, oh, max love Him. Great guy. 3 18, 5. Great sports fan. Even. Even better human being. 17 memes. I gave you a pause there. Yeah, you Could've was laughing. Could said three. What Hank said about Max 29, 9 Po 21. What Was your number? PFT five 17 for memes.


Memes and PFT have never gotten this. 24. 24. Love you guys. Thank you.