
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music.


On today's part of my Take Championship Sunday preview Eagles Commanders Chiefs bills. We have a twofer for the people. We got Fred Smoot, who Body Bags Max a little bit. He pretty much cut a promo. We cut a promo for the commanders. And we have Mitchell Schwartz Super Bowl champion who pa, you know, protected Patrick Mahomes in his first Super Bowl. Talking Chiefs talking bills. We're gonna get into both games. We got Fire Fest. We got a Great Friday show before an incredible Sunday, and it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings playoffs. We're talking playoffs, getting on the action at DraftKings Sports. Booking official sports betting part of the NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning in the NFL Playoffs. And the key to you scoring big is betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to the Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to watch your favorite players crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. Sportsbook, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. I love guys who like football and guys who like football. They like me back and I like them back. And even guys that don't like football, they try to avoid me because I'm always trying to get them to like football, Football, football.


Welcome to part of my take, presented by Draftking. Score big during the NFL Playoffs. The Draftking Sportsbook Download the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. Sportsbook, the crown is yours.


Today is Friday, January 24th. And boys, we have arrived. We have arrived. We're on the eve of, Pardon My Take. Civil war. The tensions have I call the north. The tensions have been high all week. We've had brush fires between max and PFT. What are you, what are you shaking your head? Don't shake your fucking head. I don't know how he can call the north when Oh, we're clearly the north. Where the north too. What, what was the capital of the north? This is what We've been dealing with all week, max. I'm Max, I'm just curious. Capital. I'm just curious. The north was, I'm, I'm just curious, where, where did the commanders play? What was the capital of the north? Oh, Wait a minute. Wait a Minute. State of Maryland is where they play. Max. What? Now remind me again, what side was Maryland on in the Civil War?


The line, the line of the south. Does that line have a name? No, we were Mason Dixon. No, there it is. We were, we were in the north. Barely. Maryland was in the north. Finally in the north. Washington DC was, wait a minute, was in fact the capital of the union, If not the first capital. Yeah, that would be Philly. Yeah. But then bang Bang, You can protect your crown Bang from three. Alright, so yeah, we're we're gonna, we're gonna preview the game. That's just a little preview of a Battle of history is not one I'm gonna win. Yeah, no, you're, you're not. We, we've had this all week. It's been great. It's, the tension is real. We're we're, we're getting ready for the game. Before we do the preview though, we should at least congratulate memes on getting his new head coach, Aaron Glen.


Those are Top choice. Congratulations memes. That's, that's history. It did, it was cool. I'm, I'm a sucker for any time. They, a team hires someone for a player that played there and they just do old highlights. I'm like, yeah, this makes sense. I watched an interview with him where he said when he was, he decided that he was going to get back into coaching, get back into the NFL after he took a break off when he retired. So he was like a restaurant owner. And then his, one of his restaurants was right next to one of the stadiums, I think NRG stadium. He would watch some of the games and be like, they're fucking everything up. This is really bad. And his wife was like, stop yelling at the tv. Go coach. You can coach. Love that. And then he said when he joined a coaching staff, he didn't want to be promoted to being like a defensive backs coach or, or like defensive line coach or, or anything like that in-house.


He's like, start me at the bottom. Send me out on the road. Have me be a scout. 'cause I wanna learn every step of the process. And so he worked his way up. Seems like a great dude. His players love him. Memes. I, I'm happy for You. Yeah. Your first choice. I'm happy for me too. Good. I think, I think this is a great hire. He was on the Jets when they were bad, and then he was also on the team when they got good with Bill Parcells. And it's just good to get someone in the building established pride back into the franchise, even though it's been bad. There were moments of pride. It's, it's good. It's good to get someone like that into the building. What would you say to anyone who says this is a bad hire?


Racist. Okay. Okay. Good. I like Good. You got that in your arsenal. Yeah. No, I mean, it's, it's Aaron Glenn's a good coach. We should, now I don't feel bad, but maybe we'll just give a hollow apology to all of the Awls listening to this from Detroit, because this podcast has single handedly taken the Lions for a ride this past week because you took 'em outta the Playoffs. Yep. Ben Johnson went to the Bears and now Aaron Glenn goes to the Jets. I don't, I don't know, they can't handle much more from PMT. So I, I think that the lions are gonna have to raid the bucks. Oh, that's what they're, they're looking to do. So just, yeah. Fuck Stephen ch up. Yeah, That's fine. Fuck Stephen.


Ch up. But yeah, it is not been the best week for Lions fans. They've been very upset. They're, they're, they're calling Ben Johnson a traitor. They're mad about the, how the game went, you know, not having their eye on the ball, all that stuff. It sucks, but I also don't feel bad. Yeah. What did Belichick say about that, Hank? He just said, you know, it's fair for people to be upset that coordinators are, you know, distracted. The play callers when they're trying to be making plays for the biggest game of the year, and that the bad teams get to basically come in and, you know, distract the teams. Yeah. The Lions did have a bye week too. Yeah. So I know Ben Johnson didn't even go to Chicago. He did Zoom interviews and then decided, so I can't imagine that that was super distracting.


I I do like how Ben still sucks. Ben Johnson's picking a fight with the rest of the division too. Yeah. Saying stuff about Matt LaFleur. Kevin O'Connell. It is a, I'd say that's the best coach division football. Well, we'll see. Ben Johnson says a lot to prove, saying six outta 10. Okay. All right. You're Not going for, he's got a lot to prove. You can't win the off season. You know, you gotta win this Season. I guess that can't go six and 10, but that Well, they could Start six outta 10. Six and 10 of one. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. I appreciate that, Hank. I didn't really even think about that neither until Right this second troll brain Always working. We also had, here's, here's something good for us. Memes. The Jets and the Bears are not the Jaguars because the Jaguars fired. Trent Balkey after they were turned down by Ben Johnson and Liam Cohen, which is such a dumpster fire move because they were essentially like, they, everyone remember when Tr Balkey stayed and Doug Peterson got fired and everyone was like, league sources are shocked that Tr Balkey has survived another head coach.


Yeah. And everyone was like, this is crazy. How are you gonna get the top hire? Turns out they couldn't. And then retroactively, they're like, actually we are gonna get rid of him. Yeah. It's, I mean, better late than never, I guess. But it just goes to show you that Trent Balkey had, he had a lot of power in that organization, just being the person that was informing Shad Khan of what was happening at all times. Yeah. Because you can spin it whatever way you want. Like if, if you go out there and, and you lose to the Texans and some guy that you brought in plays really poorly, then you can go to your owner and be like, yeah. You know, misused our timeouts and cost us the game. Yeah. You can, like you are the news. Yeah. You're the only source of information in a lot of cases for some of the owners.


So he was just like doing whatever he could to scrape by. Then they got rid of it. He's also obsessed with arm length. This guy is like, he's obsessed with drafting injured players. I think guys with short arms. Yeah. So Trent b you better late than never, but I guess you learn if you're the Jaguars. Okay, well, going through this decision, everyone's turning us down because of him. Maybe. Maybe he's the Problem. Yeah. Maybe he's the problem. Which has gotta be a tough realization that you, because Liam Cohen just like said no thanks. Yeah. And he and he gotta pay raise with the bucks. Yeah. That's, that can't be a good feeling. Also, I think, is it Brian Schottenheimer might get hired by the Cowboys? It's looking like that right now. Yeah. He got his second interview today.


Okay. And I, I just want Dion, I just want Dion. I know, I think that'd be so fun to have Dion as the coach of the Cowboys. But I, I'm tracking Jerry Jones' flights right now. Okay. I'm reporting at four 19 Central Time. Jerry Jones' helicopter took off from the practice facility, flew around, flew out to at and t Stadium. Oh. Did a full circle, one full circle and then flew back. Oh, that feels like a closing move, doesn't it? Yeah. Like the guys verbally agreed to it and Jerry's like, let go show you where we play ball. Yeah, yeah. Let me, lemme take you for a little loopty loop. Yeah. See that hole? That's where Sun Poke is. Yeah. Yeah. No, you're right. That is definitely the, the final, don't they do that like on the Bachelor or something?


They always like take a hot air balloon. Yeah. Now they're going to the fantasy suite. Yeah. That's, that's exactly what's happen. He's gonna, Jerry's gonna come in his shoe for him. Yep. And it's gonna be a done deal. Yeah. And also, congratulations Hank, you got your offensive coordinator. Oh yeah. Josh, Rick Daniels putting The, putting the band back together pumped. Kirk was Right, right. He had the first, first of it. So are you're, you have to be excited. All the way excited. That's, that was the person I wanted. We got, you know, was the best off season you could have. Yeah. It would be very funny if some team, like let's say the Patriots were reloaded if they win 11 games this year and then Josh McDaniels gets hired as a head coach somewhere else for the cults. That'd be very, that'd be very funny. Yeah. For the cults. Okay. Anything else before we do what everyone is here for?


And that is the preview of the games. I did see Mark Andrews posted a long Instagram note basically saying I fucked up feel bad for him. But Buffalo fans did donate $95,000 to his charity, which Is awesome. Which is nice. Very nice. Yeah. Probably would still rather have caught that ball and not fumbled the other one, but still nice. Yeah. If you're Mark Andrews. Are you, are you happy? Are you like, this is good. Thank you guys. I think you have to say thank you. But you're also pretty bummed out that they are donating all this money. Yeah, I really, Lamar should actually donate money to Mark Andrews personally because he's gotten a lot of the, the IRO Speaking of which do we, has anyone gotten deep enough into the Ryan Clark Marcellus Wiley beef to understand?


I, from my, I I've looked at it. I, I wanna say I've done about five minutes of research and I think Ryan Clark is in the wrong in the fact that he's basically been exposed for a massive double standard with Lamar and Josh and Marcellus Wiley has just basically been like, dude, you have a double standard. And he's gotten very upset About it. So are you talking about the Vegas stuff? No, I don't know the Vegas stuff. That's, that's what I'm concerned About. All right. So, so, so to set the state, I think a lot of people are going after Ryan Clark right now because last year when the Bills lost and that was the game that, you know, they lost by what? A field goal and a Miss Field goal. And Stefan digs dropped a bunch of balls and he basically was like, Josh Allen has to play better.


He like, it's on him, blah, blah, blah. And then this year when Lamar lost, he's like, chin up number eight. Like, this isn't on you. You made the plays when you had to make, and it was like, all right, this is kind of weird. So now what, what happened with Vegas? So he tweeted at Marcellus Wiley, Hey Marcellus Wiley, you forgot to tell all your followers about our interaction at catch for the Super Bowl. Mm. Like I said, we were not alone in Vegas. You just couldn't let me be when I ignored you. So now I'm not ignoring you anymore. Let's have this conversation man to man. And then he did a screenshot from a text message that he was having with somebody. It's been cropped so you can't see who it was. Somebody says Marcell is tripping again. He always is.


I'm just finally tired of it. And he's acting like Vegas didn't happen because he's a bitch. Oh shit. And then the other person says, law, I remember the interaction vividly Law. Oh, I know you do. You actually made it funny. Then the other guy says law. So there's absolutely no context here what Happened in Vegas. But, but it sounds hilarious. Hilarious. It sounds like la like this guy's actually like hysterical with laughter right now. I don't, I don't really know what's going on here, but now I wanna know what happened at Catch. 'cause it sounds like Ryan Clark ignored Marcellus Wiley at Catch and then Marcellus Wiley got up in his feelings 'cause Ryan Clark was ignoring him. Got it. That would probably piss me off too. Yeah. And listen, we're biased on this show.


We have biases. We just are pretty transparent about them. We, we like Josh Allen a lot. I just feel like Ryan Clark should probably just be like, I, I'm maybe making this, I'm maybe not treating them the same. Yeah, you could, you can always get off a take. Yeah. You can always just be like, Hey, I, I like Lamar a lot more than Josh. Yeah. You could say that. So this is why I'm gonna treat it differently. You could say that or you could say I was wrong about Josh. Yeah. And that, that's okay too. Yeah. I think what he's opting to do is just wait until he's right again about Josh. Right. And then he'll be like, see I was right about Josh. Yeah. How he reacts on Monday. Although I think what he's gonna do, 'cause he posted also like something on inside the NFL praising Josh. So I think if the bills lose on Sunday, he's gonna go on get up and be like, it wasn't on Josh, But Here's to try to, to pave over that.


It, I I kinda like Ryan Clark. Maybe it's 'cause he used to be on the Redskins, but I, I think sometimes he's okay. Sometimes when he gets on tv, he delivers these sermons while he is dressed up like Austin Powers. Then I'm like, okay, I I can tune this guy out right now. Yeah. So I don't know what I've, I've thought that he's always been wrong about Josh and it seems personal. That's The thing is it does seem Personal. Like he, like he has something against Josh Allen. Right. It, I, I don't know what that's about. Maybe it's a race thing. I don't fucking know. But it it does, it, it was a, a good media beef that I couldn't fully understand because of what happened in Vegas. And The race stuff always happens in boxing. Yeah. That's when it's like very like normal for everybody. If there's a, a white fighter and a black fighter or like a different Countries a Mexican Fighter Yeah.


Against like a Canadian fighter. Then you like, you just squat up. Yeah. And, and you let it all happen in between the bells. And then afterwards you're like, okay, back to normal. Right. But in football you don't, some people don't do that. The well, and the problem too is that Lamar and Josh are different in the fact that like, Lamar has been the best quarterback of the regular season for whatever, three outta the last six years. That's kind of, you know, you can't really dispute that Josh's losses in the playoffs have been in large part not because he's not played to his level. Lamar has had games where he is not played to his level. The thing about quarterbacks is 50% of them suck depending on what just happened. So if you lose, you're like that. See that guy sucks. Yeah.


That guy sucks. And that guy's, that guy's The bad, that guy will never be good again. He is the best. And that guy sucks. Yeah. It's, it's really whoever's winning the game at the time. Yeah. And then the other guy, you're like, what are you doing? It's quarter by quarter. How could you throw that? How Could you drop the ball when you got sacked Lamar? How could you possibly throw that? My Thing about Lamar is does he know it's the playoffs? He might not, I wouldn't have thrown that. No. I protect the football Thing about me. I don't have arm strength to throw that interception To me, the football is sacred. The whole, the whole franchise. I would limit turnovers In your hands.


Okay. Let's get to the weekend preview. It's presented by Dove Men's. As you prepare to host game day celebrations, what are some possible whole body odor related issues you may encounter that make you less confident in your hosting? Do, are you afraid to take off your shoes when you enter your friend's house? That can happen getting nervous. Your team is down at halftime. Maybe you start smelling bad sweating, tackle whole body odor with Dove men plus Care whole body. Do this whole body do defends against all your odor zones, from pits privates to feet and it's long lasting with 72 hour odor protection. Find dove men whole body deal at Walmart today. Make sure you're smelling good. Especially when the game's heat up. 'cause it's gonna be a, it's gonna be heating up this weekend. So go get Dove men whole body do at Walmart today.


Alright boys. First game. NFC Championship game. Philadelphia Eagles are six point favorites over under his 47 and a half. I, I feel like I just need to just be like, go ahead. Both of you just fight. Well, max said something very interesting before we started taping, which was he just wants to fast forward and get to the end of the game when there's zeros on the clock. Oh, he doesn't even wanna watch the game. Me personally, I, I wouldn't mind fast forwarding to maybe like 30 minutes before kickoff. See some of the pageantry to flyover everything, but Max just wants to be at the end of the game when it's all over. So he, I don't know if Max likes watching Ball. Mm. Like for me, max, the thing about me is I can't wait for kickoff.


You love Ball. Yeah. Kickoff is, that's my time Baby Max. I don't care about that. I'm stressed out. I don't, I'm done with being stressed. I'm excited for this game. I'm excited for this. I'm excited for this game. I'm also excited for this game to be over. I'm hoping that I'm confident that the Eagles are gonna win, but it's just, it's taking a toll on me. So my analysis for this game is very dumb. The Eagles have better players at almost every position except for the most important position. And that's quarterback. And I keep coming back to like, I think the Eagle's defense is better than what Jayn Daniels has played in the last two playoff games.


I think the Eagle's offense not better than the Lions, but Saquon Barkley is, is out, out control right now and they're gonna be able to run the ball. I just keep going back to the fact that if the commanders have the ball at the end of the game, Jayn Daniels gonna do something special and we're gonna have maximum pain for Max. I mean, I, I hope that's how it works out. I think the Eagles are a really, really fucking good team. Do you, Do you agree with my assessment that they are probably better at almost every position except for quarterback? What about running back? Yeah. Prob I'll give you the nod at running back. I'll give you the nod at at left tackle. I Right tackle as well. Terry McClure's playing better than AJ Brown right now. Yeah. I'd say Terry McClure better than AJ Brown at the moment on defense.


Yeah, maybe. I mean, if you look at, if you look at Latimore, how he played last week. If you look at how Sand was still played last week, they both played excellent. Max really good ball last week. I love they released a rookie tackle Leader. I saw this. That was tough. And Commanders fans were trying to dunk on Eagles fans was because Quin Mitchell was not on the That was Tough. Rookie tackle leader. Yeah. For cornerback. It was, it was pretty tough. There was one Commander fan, you funny To get somebody who's not here. Where's, where's Quin on Mitchell? And then you, everyone replied, they're like, you actually don't want your cornerbacks leading the, the team in tackles because that means they're giving up a lot of passes. Yeah. Or your linebackers. Yeah, It's true. Congratulations for dunking on, on the dumbest people online. No, but I you were just like, Sanders still is not better than either of the two E Eagles DBAs.


I'm just saying the way that he played last week, how has been playing Recently. But can't just look at a, at a game, a whole player by one game. He Might be better than no than Cooper. Our Cooper Deje. He's our number one. He is not Cooper Deje was, was nominated for Defensive Rookie of the year. Okay. Sanders still was not. Okay. Point Max. I said he might be Okay. Okay. Jalen Hurts might be better than Jayden Daniels. I Disagree. What is Jalen Hurt's status? He's good. Nah, Good. He's good. Good. Because I think that's really what I mean there, there not to oversimplify the game, but it really, like if Jalen hurts is is banged up and, and doesn't have the mobility that he needs to have, it's gonna be, it's gonna be a way different game.


I have a question about the end of game thing. Yeah. Yeah. Also, Would you have said that same thing about Matt Stafford last week In the snowy conditions? No. I mean, he couldn't hold onto the ball. I, that's, that's incorrect. He, he did it the drive before. I understand. But, and then he did it up until that drive, until the Eagles made the, made the big plays to win the game. I would say Jayden Daniels playing better right now than Matthew Stafford. I mean, you talk all the time about how good Matthew Stafford Is. I know he is a hall of famer, but he wasn't one of the best playing he quarterbacks ever. He wasn't playing good the last two months. I would feel more confident with Jayden Daniels having the ball in his hand at the end of the fourth quarter right now than Matthew Stafford right Now. But this his Eagle's defense.


I understand. I agree. I'm, you asked me a question, I'm giving you my answer. Yeah. Listen, I I just think that, I don't know if that answer I'll, I'll I agree with that answer. Say I'll say confidently with the, with the exception of quarterback and punter, I think the Eagles have the better roster. Yes, I would, I would, I would probably agree with that kicker board punter. You have the better kicker. No, we have the better punter. Tress way is a fucking legend And kicker. Yeah. Jake Elliot's a problem. That also makes sense That I I am giving you an extra player there. That wasn't a He did. You were getting angry. I was giving No, No, max. I actually have a stat about Jake Elliot because this is kind of crazy in the postseason. Jake Elliot is 22 for 22 on fuel goals in the postseason.


Jake Elliot is 25 for 30 on extra points. Jake Elliot is the most accurate kicker in NFL history in the postseason on fuel goals. He is the least accurate kicker in the NFL in history in the playoffs on extra points. But he's also 4.0 when he misses an extra point. That's also true. That's True. That's stat. Remember that stat I gave you that isn't that crazy that he's The best of all time at field goals and the worst of all time at extra points in the playoffs. No, that is crazy. So I think that right now field goals Are worth More, Field goals are worth more. The, the, the voice you just heard there was was Philly. Hank, we need to address this. Hank is wearing an Eagles shirt.


Hank is, I believe, going for the Eagles. But he is so far inside Max's head that Max doesn't believe him. I think, and Max also Hank, I don't know if everyone in this room knows this, but Hank is texting Max at 10:00 PM every night this week. Just birds. I think he has an alarm on his phone at 10 o'clock to text max Birds. It's birdhouse. It's been every, it's been every day this week at 10:10 PM he texts me birds. No, I'm, I'm, I've, I've explained my, my stance. I'm, I'm financially backing the birds. I've, I had these futures in from before the playoffs. I didn't know they were gonna go against the commanders. That might have changed things. But when you have, you know, futures at this, at this level, and it's such a big game.


All I've been thinking about this week are the birds. The birds. The birds. The birds. The birds. They've always been Filled out. And they're gonna, they're gonna run. Like I I know it's fun. And and we're talking about it. It's a fun little robbery. It's not gonna be close Mexican. It's not gonna be close. This he's getting upset about this. This Jane Daniels is a rookie. Yeah. The the, the slipper's gonna come off. He's gonna turn back into a pumpkin three interceptions. Oh, he turned his mic off. He turned his mic off. Turn it back on. It's, It's sad because Hank really can't win. You know, when he's going against Philly. You hate the guy's guts when he finally, you know, does the bloods and the Crips tying the handkerchief together. You're like, I turn this guy's mic off. Don't let him talk. Wait. So you think Jay Daniel would turn into a pumpkin? Their Eagles defense is so much the the lion stop.


Please stop. The lions are playing with Please stop. I'm asking you to stop the Lions. Were playing with XFL Players. You sound like me with my kids right now, max. It was like, please stop, please just stop doing that. I'm asking you nicely. You wanna know an interesting stat about Jalen Hertz, about his playoff record. So he is four and three in the Playoffs all time. And when he throws for less than 155 yards, he's won all four games. Yeah. That was the stat of gave Max on Sunday. Yeah. And when he throws for over 155, they lose all those. Yeah. The key to the Eagles winning is Jalen hurts throwing for 125 and Jake Elliot missing two extra points. So his Injury doesn't even matter. It doesn't matter. That's The key. All right. Can I say what, what something that I've noticed this week.


Okay. Birds. I would like to read a tweet. I would like to pull it up. Oh, and I will be doing so right now. Okay. Okay, here we go. This is from Ben Stand. He is a beat reporter for the Washington Commanders. Okay. Okay. The commanders are practicing in the bubble with the Eagles fly Eagles fly song pumped in during the practice. Are you aware of what that song is to the Eagles? Yeah. It's your touchdown song. They played the song during their entire practice. Are they just preparing to let up a ton of points? I think they're just preparing to be annoyed. Oh, they're, But that means, yeah, if they're gonna be annoyed by the song, that means the Eagles are Scoring.


They're creating, You shouldn't be listening to that song at all. You're Creating the most, it's an interesting song choice, hostile Environment possible for yourself By playing the Eagle Eagle Score song. And you know, there's probably a couple guys in practice that were singing along by accident. I don't know about that. It's hard, it's hard not to sing along and watch Eagle Fly, fly Eagle fly on the road to Victory. Victory. E-A-S-G-L-S-E. Yeah. Did we have a a, a statement on, was it the mayor? Yeah, Thank God she said that before the Rams game. The one and oh, after that chant. Okay. So she, what was it? E-L-G-E-S was being close.


I love it when, when mayors try to talk sports. Yeah. It was robots. Did you also see the Washington Commander Defensive Coordinator? Oh yeah. Joe Witt said that they're going to try to hit Jalen Hurtz like a running back. Yeah, it's good defense when he is running with a football hit him like a running back. I got no problem With that. Yeah, no, I mean that, I kinda like that he's telegraphing it too. Yeah, sure. Goes both ways. Goes both ways. Your running back also likes to run like a, your quarterback also likes to run like a running back. So Yeah. But we also agreed to turn injuries off. I mean, I don't, I don't know if your defensive coordinator agreed To that. No, we, we, We agreed to that. What happened? What, I mean, it makes you wonder about these questionable Frankie Lvu hits the past couple months.


What makes you Wonder What's going on? What's going on in that? Are you in that, are you claiming there's a bounty gate going on There? I'm not saying it just, it raises a question. Okay. So because he hit Jerry Golf. Correct that one. And then what else? Jake Ferguson. I mean, do you wanna look at the Jake Ferguson one? Should We look at the Jake Ferguson one? I got my wind horse fingers up. I Have not seen the Jake Ferguson one. Sorry. That we played physical football. And you know what? People in Philly would never celebrate an opponent getting injured. That's a good point. PFT. Yeah. Let's keep doing References. Why was the first jf FK and Dome Shot? It? I was like, I don't think that was Frankie Lvu, but if that happened to Pat Mahomes, they'd suspend him from the league. Oh Man. All right. This is the Jake Ferguson getting hit?


Nope, I haven't found it yet. Okay. All right. Good job producing. Well, I mean, you brought this up. No, I didn't. You brought up, you brought up Ferguson, you brought up the, the defensive coordinator. Yeah. I Brought up Joe Witt. I didn't have like a, a a memory bank of every bad hit Frankie Lou's had last two months. Did. That's, that's oo put some respect on Frankie Lou's name. I don't, I don't know if you can. I'm gonna find it. Find It. Yeah. I Don't know if you're gonna find it. I, I think I'm gonna bet the commanders plus six. Now I do have that future on the Eagles, but I, I'm gonna try double dip. I think because I, I do think the, I think it's gonna be a tight game. I don't, I don't, I disagree with what you're saying, Hank. I do not think it's gonna be a blowout. I think it's gonna be close. I hope it's close.


Everybody's saying that the commanders, you know, this is the start. They'll expect to be back. I disagree with that. This is you, when you're in the NFC championship game, you have, you have to need to win. They Should try to win it. I'm Declaring it's a must win game. This is a must win game for the Commanders Max. It's been a great season. But you must win this game. Would You like, like to counter with a can't lose? No. I would like to, to follow up with a must win as well. Oh, we got a must win Off. Okay. Okay. So also one difference in this game from the, the other two games that we played this season, Jonathan Allen is back for the commanders and he makes a difference at defensive tackle. So I, I'm happy about that. I don't know that, I think the formula for this game is just don't let Saquon Barkley score a 70 yard touchdown.


He's That's a really good formula. He's gonna have some like 20, 30 yard runs. Just don't let him score on those runs. And yeah, if you can force him into kicking 33 yard field goals, that'd be great too. Just simulate an extra point. Yep. But I, I'm, I'm on edge. I'm not as on edge as Max is. Max is just a basket case this week. He has been Shocker. Yeah, Max, if you lose this game, maybe you'll get to, I'm Not worried about it. If you hank, you're just, which actually should make you worry Pft because Hank does, He brings winning energy. He, And he also like these type of bets. He like, he hits 'em. I Don't know. Yeah, he does. I was, I don't hit him. I was gonna tell Max, if you lose a conference championship, you might get to play Boise State in the first round.


Mm. So that'd be nice. Mm. Shot of Penn State there, max. I don't, whatever. He's so focused on trying to find this Phantom I found hit. No, I found He can't find, this is A screenshot of it, but I I need the full video. Yeah. That looks dirty. That's maybe I'll Just, wow. That's, that's screenshot That says it all. I would also feel a lot worse. But thankfully Jalen Hurts didn't even play and the commanders barely beat the Eagles. And so that way it takes away the top to beat at the same team three times. That's true. So what about this no team has ever beaten Jaden Daniels twice in the same season. He's a rookie. No team. No team's done It. No team has done it. Think About that. Well, the, yeah. The other two teams in the division sucked. Well also the Bucks.


Bucks didn't Do it. Didn't do it. Didn't Think about that. Did you Says four teams. Although technically Marcus Mariota beat the Cowboys the second time. That is true. But Jayden was the first one. Well, Jayden played for half of it. Not well. Kind of. And then he was on the sidelines. First guy cheering. Did you guys see the report about Jay Daniel's mom? Yeah. What'd she say? She does not let him date. Oh, there's a lot of, lot of to the game. A lot of skirts running around. And she's like, Nope, you're not getting close to my Jaden. The big graphic that I saw just said it was a picture of Jaden Daniels that said, no girls love that. No girls Football. Only Football. He's married to the game. Yeah. Which, which I love. I'm, I'm so excited, max. I really am excited to watch this game.


I'm so excited As well. We're gonna be streaming. Coach Gruden will be there. It's gonna be great. It's gonna be, it's gonna be an incredible watch. Oh, is that the hit? Let's see. Oh yeah. He kind of got him from behind. All right. Here he comes in, Kind of headshotted him a little bit from behind. I mean, I mean He's, he's getting thrown, Thrown. He did. He went helmet to helmet. He's Getting thrown down and then he comes in to make a tackle. I don't really know what point you were trying to make that He's, that he's Oh, Defense Gate defensive Coordinator. Yeah. The Bounty guy is trying to get injured people. Okay. Is a, is a physical man. We'll put a pin in the bounty gate. Max was the first to report it. Potential bounty gate on the commanders'. Yep. Have you guys decided on a bet, By the way?


The reason I couldn't find it was 'cause the tweet I saw actually ha I was looking up the words and the thing and he actually referred to him as Frankie Dooo. Oh, got him good. Got him good. That's, you should have just called him Frankie Dooo instead of going on this wild goose chase. And I'll be like, good point Max. Yeah. Do, yeah. Frankie Dooo also, max, will you be wearing the overalls? Yes, I'll be wearing the overalls underneath my sweatshirt. Okay. Okay. Same, same outfit for all plays. Minus one of the Rams game. I will not be giving you use of my phone in this game because I'm gonna let, I'm gonna let it play out on the field. Okay. So you don't have any superstitious with my superstitions with my phone, which was powerful against the Rams, you have to admit.


Yeah, sure. It's not gonna necessary. Hank, I you're the fact that Hank like he has $30,000 on the line and still wants to be a fucking asshole. I'm confident He's rooting hard. He's rooting hard, He's confident. No, you're in a, Hank is either in a position where he wins $50,000 or he can make fun of me. I would never And he really doesn't care. I would never do that. That's not true. Me personally, I would never do that. That sounds crazy. Hank. I wanna win. I don't wanna lose who would ever do that. I I'm glad that Hank is so confident because we'll get to our interview with Fred Smoot, who basically just, you cannot lay a jinx on thicker than Fred Smoot laid on by how confident he was in the Commander.


So I'm glad that Hank is here counterbalancing that. I appreciate that. If you, if you did not watch a second of NFL football this year and you just listened to Fred Smoot interview, you would think that the commanders were the greatest team that ever was created on God's earth. Yeah. Yep. It was, it was that. All right, so wait, do we have a bet? We had talked about doing the wax, Right? Okay. Upper, Upper body wax. Our torso, a torso wax basically 40-year-old virgin wax. Okay. Yeah. Because if You got a lot to give wax. Yeah. I got, I got a decent amount of hair on this chest. And we had talked about the Brazilian, but if you're doing Brazilian then you have to like actually go to a waxing person, like take your, all your underwear off and be like, Hey, can you wax my ball? And then that's just weird. Yeah. And then also somebody would be filming that. I also, like, we were talking about it the other day.


I know people wanna see a bet and I think this would be good 'cause we'll make it a pmm TV Like you guys have so much at stake. Yeah, there's a lot. It's so much at stake. There's the no bet can, can change how you feel about this game. Yeah. This also will suck. Like, Yeah, no, this will suck. This is some obviously something that neither of us want to do. It's going to be very painful. And I, I I'll, I will have to take my shirt off on camera, which I never like to do either. That's, that's a punishment in its own. Yeah, That's a fact. Max, do you have keys to the game? What? Yeah. What do you mean? Do you have Equals keys to keys to victory? Sure. What are The keys To victory? Win. I don't care about anything else. Win the win the football game. That's a good key To victory. Good Key to victory.


I had want it more, I had dial something up and no girls. That's pretty Good. And also make another fucking sweet pre-game hype video. When is that dropping? I'm, I'm working on it right now. I got my team on it. Shout out Quis. I got a guy too. Yeah. Quis is doing a great job with, It's just a guy that already makes them. But I've, but I've DMed with him a couple times 'cause he makes sick hype videos. Oh nice. This one's gonna be better. Nice. Alright. Final score prediction. Memes. I'll start with you. Memes. Who are you rooting for? I don't know. Memes just wants chaos. I saw the curse of Jim Kelly clip pop up.


So that made me think the commanders are gonna win. And scheffer's tweet from last Super Bowl saying Commanders chiefs are in the Super Bowl. Makes me also think the commander's gonna win. So I'll go Eagles. 34 commanders. 21 Counterpoint. Yeah. Super Bowl logo. What, what's going on with it? It didn't, It it, it, that didn't happen last year. Taylor Swift purple. That's what people are saying. Okay. But wait, wait. The dumbest thing mind. So what is it this year? You can't counteract memes. You can't tell memes to change his prediction. No. My counteract of of weird stats. Okay, So that does look like Chiefs eagles again. Now Bill's Bills have red. Oh yeah, bills have red too. Which you mean chiefs are chiefs Red?


Yeah. Red light. Okay. 34 21 Eagles max. That was memes prediction. I Wait you said 34 21 Eagles don't. Why? Wait a minute. Just think of two numbers. No, someone else go first. I refuse to go right now. Alright, I'll go 26, 24 eagles commanders 26 24 commanders. Wow. I think Gene Daniel is gonna do something to, and I think Zin Gonzalez I think, I think I think you're gonna get a wait twenty six, twenty four. They call him OCD Gonzalez.


Zane Gonzalez misses an extra point. So it's 24, 23. Then he makes a field goal. Prove It cash out. I'm not gonna cash out. I'm gonna bet the commanders plus six for probably more than the money. I'll show you the pet before. Actually I'm happy that you did that. Yeah. Why did you What what, what'd you get me there On? Yeah, because it nothing If Big Cat had taken the, the Eagles and Hank takes the Eagles. You take the Eagles. I was just gonna abstain. So we had the graphic that was all Eagles. Yeah. No, I'm not, I'm not gonna cash out of the Eagles future, but I'm going to bet the commanders. 'cause I do think no matter what, this is going to be a very close game. I, I, I honestly believe that I'm not, that's my analysis of the game.


I think these teams, I think Jane Daniels is the X factor that will make this game close. Hank 42, 13 Eagles. Wow. Confident Bird game. Wow. Confident Slaughter. So I shouldn't take Commanders plus six. No, we're looking at pick sixes. We're looking at Two 50 Saquon. I don't know why you do this to me. Like Believe in you. Yeah. He's being a good friend. He's supportive. I'm gonna go Commanders 30, birds 25. Okay. Max 28, 24 Eagles. So you, you're telling me I should be commanders?


Yeah. He said good pick Big Cat. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't care about this spread. Yeah, yeah, I know. No, you picked them to win. I just, I keep, I can't get outta my head that something's happening and that when JD Daniels gets the ball at the end of a game, something Happens. The only thing is too many people are saying Team of Destiny. Too many people are saying it. I Actually have not said Team of Destiny. I know, but I've said it. I've I've heard it. I've heard it a lot. I Just think something's happening where It's like, it's not dec it hasn't happened yet. You gotta go out there and you gotta earn it. And this is gonna be a very hard game. Very, very hard environment against a great team. What's The weather? And, and, and I also think in all these scenarios, what is the path of maximum? Like what is the sicko, what do the sickos want the most?


And what is the path of maximum destruction? And its commanders beating the Eagles and then the chiefs like absolutely butt fucking the commanders. That's what it, it's, Yeah. That's just pain all Around. That's pain every which way. And everyone's unhappy and everyone's pissed off. That's what's gonna happen. What? Nevermind. What? Nevermind what? Say it. We're on a podcast. I mean just no matter what, I will be the commanders. I will not be rooting to win the Super Bowl no matter what. I will not be a Commander's fan. Okay. I feel the same about the Eagles. Yeah. Okay. So maybe good point.


Maybe wait. New vision. New vision. I just dropped New vision. Eagles beat the commanders and then Josh Allen beats the Eagles And we all celebrate. And Max is miserable. Yeah. New vision. That'd be good. Wow. I'm down with that. Wow. I would love Wow. I would, new vision. New vision just dropped. That'd Be cool. That would be, 'cause the sickos would get their payday twice And we would get an E, we would become the sickos with the a, the awls. We would join the awl. That's the best case scenario. Turn it on Max. That's the best case scenario. Oh, the the glazing. The glazing that we would put on Josh Allen after That. Super. Oh my God. We would be taking victory lapse while Max is just completely devastated.


Yep. Oh my God. Yeah. That would be win this week. Yep. Yep. Win this week. This week this. Yeah. Win this win this week. Yeah. Everyone's gotta win this week. I Do have one numerology. We got into it for the, for the Ravens. Yeah. There is some numerology for the commanders. January 20, or excuse me. Yeah. January 26th, 1992. Okay. The Redskins beat the bills in the Super Bowl on that day. Ooh. This game will be played on January 26th, 2025. That was 33 years ago. Same day they beat the bills in the Super Bowl. Okay. 33 years before that.


January 26th, 1959. Fidel Castro marries revolutionary. Vilma Espin. Every 33 years a come gets a ring. Ooh. And this is a ring game. Not really a ring game. Oh, you Get no, you get a ring. This is, I love, I lover fiction. I love the numerology Fact fiction. You get a ring if you win this game, this is Loser. I think it's every 33 years. A commie has a big day. You get a ring. We also learned from the Ravens that that means nothing. That's true. That's true. But that was only two examples. This is, this was three.


No, they had two. Oh yeah. Fuck. You're right. Fucking idiot shit. Yeah. I fucked myself. Damnit Also, Marilyn played both sides in the, in the Civil War. Oh, Go on. I don't know. I just, that's what I looked up is that they were a slave state, but they were technically in the union. So some part parts of Maryland fought for the Confederacy. Some parts of Maryland fought for the Union. They were a union state though. They were A border state. They were A union state. Border state. They were. It's south of the Mason Dixon Line. I don't think you understand. Max has read all of two sentences about the Civil War in the last 30 minutes. He's so I'm an expert, basically. An Expert. Expert. Expert. Expert. Well, to, to Max's point there, there were definitely some militias from Maryland that fought on the South, Not from Pennsylvania. Okay.


To my knowledge, I still, I still called the north in the Civil War, this podcast. But I said South of the Mason Dixon line and I was correct. Yeah. Okay. Alright. I just want this to be a great game. I don't want it to be Hank's 42 13. No, I don't want that either. Yeah. Although if it was 42, 13, I would actually like that a lot. If it was for the commanders. Yeah. That would be fun for you. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. A FC championship game. This, I mean, it's crazy because obviously there's a civil war on our podcast. This game is so, so huge. Josh Allen v Patrick Mahomes, the chiefs are one and a half point favorites. The over under is 48. I don't know where to start other than I'm rooting for the bills.


I'm worried about the bills though, because I don't know their defense is banged up. Again. The chief's, the, the weakness of the Bills defense is the middle of the field. Travis Kel, middle of the field guy. Maybe they'll just try to shut him down. And it's Patrick Mahomes as an under a field goal favorite at home in the playoffs. And it just feels like that's what they do. Yep. We've seen this story before. I, I've kind of convinced myself that the bills can do it. I, even though I know all that history, I know that you shouldn't doubt Mahomes in the Playoffs, but that, that's the part of me that just wants to see the bills in the Super Bowl. Yeah. So that's part of it. I think in all honesty, if, if you're putting money on this game, I would probably bet on the Chiefs to win this game.


That's how I feel. But I'm not gonna bet the Chiefs, It feels like they will find a way to get it done. And Josh Allen is gonna be standing there on the sidelines just with that same look in his face. A thousand yard stare. This happened again. Oh my God. I can't believe it happened again. Here's what I'm hoping happens, and obviously I'm hoping the Bills win, but here's what I'm really hoping happens. I hope that Sean McDermott and Joe Brady and the Bills organization says we've got one of the best quarterbacks in the world who had an incredible season and in the Ravens game, they were conservative in the second half. You can't leave this game up to a last possession. You just can't.


It's happened before. It just, it doesn't go the Patrick Mahomes has proven it time and time again if he gets the ball. It's what we were saying about Jane Daniels. But Jane Daniels is more of a feeling. Patrick Mahomes is literally facts. Like you see the facts that this is what he does. I hope the bills let Josh Allen just fucking chuck it. And I hope they let him just be Superman. And I hope they realize that to win this game, and I, this sounds very simplistic, but to win this game, you gotta just, you gotta like step on them early and never let them back in it. Because I, if you let the, if you let this be at one possession game in the fourth quarter, the chiefs are gonna win. That's what you have to do. Just let, and I, if, if it doesn't work, you went out on your sword. I don't want the bills to get tight.


I don't want the bills to, to, to feel the pressure. And I don't think they will. But I just, I want them to take the shots necessary to try to stomp out the Chiefs. Because if you let them hang around, they're gonna win the game. Yeah. I think that this is a, this is a situation where you let Josh be full Josh Right Turn, turn him loose. And then we're gonna see how many downfield laterals are we gonna see between Josh Allen and Travis Kel? That's a good question. Maybe like four or five. This game. That's good question. I hope, I hope Josh does all the crazy shit. All the stuff where sometimes he saves himself in the regular season. I hope he's jumping over people. I hope he is doing pump fakes 25 yards downfield. I hope all that happens. I I want a very fun game outta this.


I what sucks is that between me and Max one of us is not going to be able to enjoy this game for how good of a game it probably is going to be. Correct. But yeah. I mean if Josh can, if Josh can have one of his better, like top five of the year performances, I think the bills have a very, very good chance of winning this game. I agree. And it sucks because they've had some playoff losses that have not been on Josh Allen. But that's how we're gonna look at this. After this game's over, we're either gonna look at Josh as like the conquering hero and what a great story for him. Or we're gonna look at him as just the guy that can't get it done. Right. And it sucks. It sucks That it's, it's not fair. But as a member of the media, that's what we're duty bound to do. Yes. So the bills injury report is not great.


Christian Benford was limited in practice. He has a concussion. Teron Johnson was limited. He has a neck shoulder inju injury. Matt Milano was limited. He has a bicep hamstring injury and Taylor Wrap safety did not practice with a back hip. You need those guys, you need those guys. I I, I hope that the bills can get as close to full strength as possible because that's really the, the part I I think we all agree, like the Bills defense is, it's had moments where it's looked good. It's also been injured. They did a great job against the Raven in the first half last week. They got bullied in the second half. I want the Bill's defense to give the bill's offense a chance here.


And that's, that's my main concern because you're going up against Pac Motors because I think the Bill's offense is going to have success. Like their offensive line is legit. They do have weapons. I think the chief's defense is good, but not like, maybe a little overrated. I just, ah man. Come on Josh. The ref for Superman. For the ref group. Cleep. Blakeman. Let the boys play. Let the boys play, let 'em play. Josh and Pat, they like to flop. They're gonna try to bait you. Please let the boys play for America. 'cause if you throw a flag, you're probably getting the flag wrong. Yeah. Let the boys play. Hank, what do you, you have any thoughts on this game? You can bet this game. It's gonna depend on the result of the Eagles game. I'm gonna bet the bills though, I guess either way.


But if the Eagles win, I might, I can. I'm gonna hedge spot with the chief. So I'll probably just about the over and just pray for the pray. Pray. Pray for the bills. Pray for the bills. Yeah. One crazy thing to keep in mind for the pray, for the bills, for the a FC, this is how dominant Mahomes and, and Brady and Peyton Manning and Ben Roethlisberger have been. Only seven quarterbacks have started at quarterback for the a FC since 2001 in the Super Bowl, only seven guys. And in the NFC in that same time span, there've only been two repeat quarterbacks. It's crazy. So I think that's 22 quarterbacks, verse seven. Yeah. And, and I mean, Mahomes is, he's a hall of fame. If he retired tomorrow, he's a hall of famer.


Yeah. Yeah. He should. And he's, he's, he should retire. You're saying, it's funny 'cause Hank is fi you're fighting a a three front more against the Chiefs as a Patriots fan. You're fighting the Andy Reed Belichick. Yep. You're fighting the Tom Brady. Patrick Mahomes. And you're fighting the Kelsey Gronk battle. Kelsey Gronk. Which one would you say that you're winning in right now? We're winning in the, oh, there goes some dove. We're winning in the be we're winning in all three, but we don't have time. Like we're, we're done. They have time on their side. A loss in this game would be huge for all three fronts. I, I don't think the Gronk one, I think Gronk is the greatest of all time, no matter what.


But, And the, and, and the Bill's mafia being in New Orleans would be quite something I've, I've already received word that if it happens at an Alicia will be coming down with a truck, which will be incredible. I just think the Chiefs man at home, Sister City sank Mahomes snow. I gotta find the stat. Let me find the stat. Yeah, That's right. It's snowing in New Orleans. That means that winter's coming. I'm gonna find the Mahomes Stat. There's no snow in Kansas City ever. There is no, yeah. Never. It's never just never snowed. I think we have good weather for both. Right? It's Gonna be like 40 in Philly. I think that's what the early report Is. That's beautiful. Yep. That's beautiful.


And then what about, I have, I already have it up 40, 43 and cloudy in Philly. I don't, I, the other game doesn't exist to me. I'm kind of the same way. Max, when I was, when I was prepping for this show, I was like, I just, I need to focus. This is the biggest game of my life. Okay, here it is. Same Patrick Mahomes. Patrick Mahomes is 15 and two straight up in home or neutral psych games in January or February. The only losses to Joe Burrow and Tom Brady. And in the playoffs Patrick Mahomes is seven and oh. Straight up and against the spread when either listed as an underdog or a favorite of less than a field goal covering the spread by 5.9 points per game.


Josh Deserves this. Yeah. I mean, I know Chiefs fans are gonna be mad because like, but I mean, fuck, fuck. Chief fans, listen, you, you, you, you've had just let Josh go to a Super Bowl. Yeah. But Hank you know how it is. If you're a fan of a dynasty, it becomes you against the world. And now you're just, you're defending the wall. Yeah. That's what you're doing. That's the only thing that you can do. Yeah. You're laughing at people that are blaming the refs. You're laughing at everybody in the media that says something bad about you or something that's perceived to be bad about you. I also saw a stat from our friend Jay Cuda, who does the best stats, follow him on Twitter. I believe it was The chiefs and the Bills have played 10 games over the last 10 years.


Both have five wins. Both have five losses. Both have 251 points. Four both have 251 points against. So unfortunately for the bills, all their losses have come in the playoffs. Pretty much keep beating 'em in the regular season. Losing in the playoffs. But not tonight, Tonight, Friday night. That's The, the miracle. Oh, nine times outta 10 they beat us. Yeah. Okay. Last thing before we get to our interviews, PFT and Max, you guys are gonna create parlays for the people for your game. Hank and i Hank, would you like to collab with one maybe a whiteboard parlay on Championship Sunday for the late game?


I would love to two of us just getting together. Who could, who could imagine.


Alright, so draft games with NFL teams playing to see who's the king of the Gridiron. Get on the playoff action and see who's the king of the end zone at DraftKings Sports book and official sports betting part in the NFL Playoffs. DraftKings has been The number one place to bet touchdowns all season long. And the NFL playoffs aren't keeping them out of the end zone. They're going all in with $2 million in bonus bets up for grabs every game day during the NFL playoffs. Here's how it works. Place a $5 pre-game bet on an offensive player to find the end zone. And if they have the longest rush rushing or receiving TD that day, they're the king of the end zone and you win a share of $2 million in bonus bets. Trafficking sports book is crowning a king of the end zone. Every NFL game day download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code take. That's code take to compete for a share of $2 million in bonus bets only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One token per customer tokens expired the start of the final of NFL game each day when offered. Use token on days longest touchdown score to receive equal share of 2 million in non-controllable bonus bets that expire in 168 hours. Additional wagering restrictions apply for additional terms or responsible gaming resources. See sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, what do you guys got Real quick? The Jaguars are hiring Liam Cone. Oh, so it was literally tr balkey. Yep. That's hilarious. Yep. They So the beginning of the show made no sense. Yeah, so sorry. Our bad breaking moose. I guess they sent Liam Cone back. Liam Cohen also agreed to a deal in principle with the bucks that would've made him the highest paid coordinator in the league. Oh, this is great. 'cause And then he left the Bucks. Memes is saying that this is incorrect. The two sides are disgusting deal to make Liam Cohen the next head coach. The Jaguar. I think we have a, we have a reporter offer right now. We have A shit, we have a source off between memes and Adam, she No, no, no. Wrap up four and, and sch. Oh, I love it. What does, what does Rappaport say?


The deal's not done with the Jaguars, but for Liam Cohen to be in the building in Jacksonville, speaking with the Jaguars about their head coaching job days after agreeing to the extension, it's clear he's the favorite to be the next coach. And Schefter did chapter's confirming that he is the next head coach. Oh Shit. Let's see. We gotta, I gotta call Stephen Sha because he was, he was puffing his chest out that Liam Cohen was staying and this would be awesome if we break the news to him. Oh my God. I hope we break the news to him.


Who doesn't pick up their phone at five o'clock. Five o'clock. The beginning of the show makes no sense. Now that's okay. We, we, we we podcast by the seat of our pants. Ah, shit. What whatcha gonna say? We don't know. We don't know. It's a reporter Off. It's a, it's a reporter off this. I mean, if, if, if they get Liam Cohen, like how much did he hate Tr Balkey A lot. Really smart by Liam Cohen to be like, I'm not gonna do this job if you keep this guy here. Fire that guy. Yeah. And we'll talk. Okay. So that might be another spot that's, that's no longer open.


So it's now down to the Cowboys, Raiders. Raiders and Saints. Yep. Alright. I'm feeling like Mike McCarthy to the Saints. I do too. That feels better by the Day. Yeah. Okay. Max PFT. You guys got your parlays for us? Who wants to go first? Max? You can go first. I'll go First. Don't let him do that to you, max. I'm gonna go right off the rip. Right off the rip Break. Break the streak jail and hurts. 175 plus passing yards. This is the game that he tells that he tells everyone to suck. It lights it up with 175 yards passing. But That means the commanders are gonna lose Wrong, I mean, are gonna lose to win as well. But the, if he goes for over 155 yards, they lose.


It's, I don't care. Okay. I don't care what you say. He doesn't care what you say. All Right. Is your next bet that Jake Elliott won't miss an extra point? Fucking idiot. Idiot. Okay, so Jalen hurts 1 75 plus passing yards. AJ Brown to score a touchdown. We've done it every week. He has to get, he has to get in there once Eagles to win. And my favorite play on the board, Jalen Carter. One plus Sack. Mm. Okay. You're doing just like a streak break. Jalen Jalen Carter One plus Act. No, no, not that. Just Philadelphia Eagles to win. No. AJ Touchdown. I mean, yeah, I did two, two of The four. Okay. You're Calling your shots. Keep that energy. Max, what's the payout Right now?


It's nine to one. Always subject to change. Okay. Okay. I've got, I'm going back to Austin LER receiving yards. We had it last week. That bat hit. I like it even better this week. Okay. I think that they're gonna use 'em a lot outta the backfield. 25 plus receiving yards. I've got commanders over 23 and a half team points and then I've got Omie, Zacchaeus 25 plus receiving yards. People forgot about Zacchaeus because of the emergence of playoff. Dami. We also have playoff omie and this is also revenge game for him. The Eagles didn't want 'em. Okay. Birds didn't want 'em. 25 plus receiving yards. I will not say the same of John Dotson.


Yeah. Who won that trade? Remember when we had that, that was at Camp Bars still in that program. We'll see who wins this weekend. Yeah. All. So yes. Sunday we'll be, we'll be streaming it. Gruden would be in the house. Nate will be in the house. I don't think Ronan's gonna be here, although I did leave it open. Edit saying don't tell us if you're coming so he could just show up. That's good. That way you're kinda like leaving yourself a little treat a little. It's like leaving the tickets at the, at the front. Like hopefully you come to my concert. Yeah. Listen, I, I would love to watch the game with Rowan, but he's, he scares me. I love him, but I would rather him not be in that room. Mm. Max Ax. When I just, I don't, I don't care.


I don't care the elements football Put on the overalls and win a football game. Just win a football game. Win a football game. Okay, let's kick it to ourselves with Fred Smoot and then Super Bowl champion Mitchell Schwartz. And we'll finish up with Fire Fest.


Okay. Before we get to Fred Smoot, a quick word from our friends at Kevin's Natural Foods. If you haven't tried Kevin's natural foods, you're missing out. I had the Thai style coconut chicken the other night and it was so good. They've got heat and serve entrees, like Thai style coconut chicken, Korean bbq, garlic chicken, cilantro, lime chicken. They also have stir fry kits. Honey, garlic, chicken General. So Swan chicken. It is so, so good. If you want a delicious protein packed meal on the table in five minutes, Kevin's natural foods heat and serve entrees are perfect. These clean, nutritious meals taste like something you'd get in a restaurant. Kevin's entrees include fully cooked beef or chicken, incredible sauces. So all you need to do is heat and eat. It's hard to believe something this tasty and healthy can be ready this fast. So skip the greasy takeout, grab Kevin's Natural Foods instead. It's the perfect mealtime hack and is faster than takeout to find Kevin's in the refrigerated section at your local grocery store. Also, my kids love Kevin's natural foods as well. So if, if, if you're someone with kids and you're like, what do we do for dinner? What do we do for dinner? It's always a, a battle. Just heat these up and you're ready to go. Kevin's natural Foods, skip the greasy takeout and grab Kevin's Natural Foods instead. It's the perfect mealtime hack and is faster than takeout too. Find Kevin's in the refrigerated section at your local grocery store.


Okay, here he is, Fred Smoot. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest and for the first time we can say coworker, it is Fred Smoot. Now I want to just address this off the top because I saw you have so many fans in the DMV area. Yeah. And they were like, don't steal Fred Smoot from us. Fred is, Fred is joining Barstool on a part-time basis. He's gonna be doing the pro football show next year with, with Coach Gruden and myself and also come to the office mixing it up. He's still doing everything else. But it is great to call you a coworker. Yep. Because you are, you're insanely talented and, and it's fun to have you, you part of the pirate ship. But we wanted to have you on this week because the commanders are in the NFC championship game.


And I can't believe I'm saying that, but how, let's start there. Are you shocked at all by this run and how the fact that they're playing on Sunday to go to the Super Bowl Big Kent, I told you when I was visiting that this was biblical. This has already been rodden ridden. Did you, do you remember Daniel five 17 when he has to walk into the lions den and have to conquer those lines? I told you we had something going here that was special. Dan Queen and his leadership. And don't forget about the fact that we got a Jedi, a quarterback Jedi five. The, the, the ultimate force multiplier. It's, it's changed everything. But it ain't just them, it ain't just the coaches and the players. I gotta get a lot of love to this new ownership.


Josh Harris and those guys, they have changed everything. They have set a standard that's a very high standard. And I think everybody's getting to see right now that America's had a new team. We are America's new team. The nation's capital, the Washington Commanders. One thing I I've loved watching about this team is that they're getting better. I don't know that we've seen their best yet, which is a crazy thing to think about. And certainly in the future, like you would like to imagine that given the cap space and everything that we got going on, we're, we're gonna be able to improve the team as it keeps going. But that said, I, I don't like the people that are saying like, oh, you're the commanders will be a good team for the next 10 to 15 years. I've already heard that. I've heard people talking about that because we have a good quarterback.


It's very, very hard to, to sustain excellence in the NFL. So you gotta take this opportunity, like don't, don't take it for granted that we're gonna be back next year, the year after. Like we're, we're here right now. It's the Bengals. Yeah. Yeah. So like there you can say window is open, that's fine. But also recognize it's very hard to get to this point. And not every team that gets here is guaranteed to get back. But what I've seen, especially from this defense, is the defense gets better almost on a weekly basis. It's gotten better consistently throughout the year. And what we saw last week with Joe Whitt going up against Ben Johnson and Jared Goff and the lions offense I was, I was really impressed with. So the the Eagles different animal.


Yep. Taking them on is gonna be a different game plan from the Lions. What do you expect our defense to do to try to slow down? 'cause you can't stop 'em, but just try to slow down. Saquon Barkley. PMT I'm gonna be honest with you, I understand where everybody's coming from because we at, we at ground zero right now, when I say ground zero zero, this was our quarterback's first year. This was our offensive coordinator's first year. This was Dan Quinn's first year installing his culture. So what they're saying is it can only go up from here. Like think about it, we got 80 million plus in, in cap room. Alright, so that mean we can go out here and sign the vest. We got draft capital. We're only going to put better pieces around him.


And the thing about it, I think this is what Jamie has did a good job of. He's shown you how he going to play when we had to pay him 300, 400 million and, And we can't buy all the receivers. We can't have all the tight ends. He's showing you, I I am the ultimate force multiplier. I'm gonna make everybody around me better no matter what. So I can understand why people so excited. But when we talk about Philadelphia, the only thing I can say is different when it comes from them in Detroit. I think Detroit especially the way that Jalen hurts is throwing the ball right now. The Detroit Lions had another level to their offense because not only can they run the ball with that great offensive line, they could push the, the ball down the field with Jay mo it St.


Brown. And when I look at Philadelphia, even though they got AJ Brown and Devonte Smith, something's going on with Jalen Hur where he's not pushing the ball down the field. Then he gets another anchor injury this week. So I'm wondering how they going to use him. Is it one of those things where we need to craft the box and, and, and, and stop a, I mean Sayquan Barkley and Force Jalen Hurst to beat us. I'm, I'm, I'm very eager to see what Coach Whitt does when it comes to that figure and that situation out. Because you said it, our defensive backs played well last week. Alright. Sarah's still making two intercept, but we got guys taking balls to the house. So it's, it's a different defense and I knew it was gonna be a different defense from week one to what week?


18, 19, 20 right now. Yeah. They have jailed together. They have grown. Yeah. So. Alright. So an another thing though that we should mention is the Eagles defense is a lot better than the Lions defense. Yeah. And the Eagles defense is a lot better than the Bucks defense. And you, you lose Cosme and Jalen Carter's playing his balls off right now. What I mean are, are you worried at all about the fact that the Eagles defense, they have guys at every level. I know dean's out, which is a big injury. Yep. But their cornerbacks are elite. Their defensive lines elite. Yep. This feels like the game, the step up game for Jayden Daniels, especially with the stakes. And he's playing against a defense that is, I think we all agree better than the, the previous two defenses he played.


He And down one of the best defenses in football. You right. They got Jalen domes, they carter at the defensive line, they got sweat coming off the edge. They got linebackers, they got defensive big backs. But I don't know how healthy Queen Young Mutual is one of the best rookie cornerbacks to come out in a long time. They do have that team. But don't forget guys, we played this team twice last time Jay Daniels played this team, he threw for five touchdowns against this defensive backfield when they was fully healthy. Alright? And then you go to the first game. I always tell people everybody's talking about the game that we won. I'm more impressed with the game that we lost. 'cause that game was in Philadelphia And we turned the ball over a ton and still was at the end of that game.


So we're playing against the individual of four and you're playing them for the third time. E everything kinda comes together at that point. And it, it is like fighting your little brother or your big brother. I know all of your moves now it's all about who can weand and who can play four quarters and who's my gonna make mistakes and my quarterback doesn't turn the ball over. Jaylen hurt, Jalen hurts, turns the ball over. He's the key to this game. Jalen Hurts is the key to this game. Yeah, yeah. I would agree with that. I am scared of Saquon Barkley though because it seems like Everyon Barkley, I couldn't sleep last night because of Saquon bark nightmare. Yeah. Yeah. He is keeping me up at night. I like, literally last night I was up until like 2:00 AM watching film of Saquon Barkley just being scared of him.


So I don't think they, I don't think you can stop let, Lemme give you a fact right quick. Alright. He has those four loan runs against us. You take those four loan runs out and he's averaging 3.2 yards a carry against us. So we found a way to bottle him up like that first game. He broke those runs in the fourth quarter. We, the Joe Witt has found a way to bottle him up. But can we consistently do it and not let him come with the back breaking run that he's done week in and week out. The guy's special. Yeah. I was just gonna say, I think the, the key to limiting Saquon is to make sure that when he does break we're not, 'cause he's gonna break a few off. Yeah. He's just, just don't let, just don't let him score. Like if you give up 30 yards to him, have your safety, make a big tackle, have your cornerbacks ready to hit and because there's always gonna be gaps that that offensive line is gonna create.


Yeah. I'm looking, I'm looking at Frankie Lvu this weekend. I think it's a big weekend for Frankie Lvu 'cause he's violent as fuck. And if you want to stop the Eagle's offensive line from opening up big holes, especially when they get moving side to side, you just knock the fuck out of their guard. You just, you, you knock somebody back a little bit. Disrupt the timing of the office. And I think that Frankie Lvu is the kind of psycho that is gonna be ready to do that. Well He's a penetrator. He the, he organized chaos in the bottle. He's the Tasmanian devil. He did everything that you want at the linebacker position. Yes he can make plays, but we need the D-line to play on the other side of the ball because they get behind that mammoth offensive line and they let Seon pick his holes.


So they're running a zone scheme. That's why you see him bouncing from hole to hole. And once he finds that crack, that's when he hit 'em. So it ain't gonna be one of them things where it's just Frankie Lou, Frankie Lutherville gonna have to bring some of his homeboys to the party. It gonna, it gonna take a group to stop say Barkley. So it's one of them things where it's gonna have to be Bob Wa to the bowl. Cory Martin to it. And Jeremy Chin has been an enforcer. I don't know if people been watching Jeremy Chin, but Jeremy Chin has been playing light at the strong safety position. It's going take a group, it's gonna take a family to stop Sayquan Barkley. Luckily I think we got the guys with Payne Allen, rest of those guys. Lawrence, I think we got the guys to make this happen. Okay, so we're making the case for the commanders.


Obviously you're picking the commanders Fred PFT obviously as well. Yeah. Max, our producer's a big Eagles fan. Max, do you have any counter to this? Because it is one sided right now to, to the idea that the commanders like, I'm probably gonna pick the commanders against the spread. But what, max what do you say? I mean, you Fred's right here. Face him, head on. Yeah, no, I think this, I think the defense, you are greatly overestimating how much better this defense has been than the past couple defenses you've been playing. Jayden Daniels hasn't looked as good as he has in the past couple as he has the past couple weeks against elite defenses. And the Eagles are an elite defense. Yes, Jayden Daniels is very good.


But this is a diff this is a different animal and it's not. I understand that Detroit was a tough place to go into and win, but that team you were playing a a third string defense. Mm. This isn't the, this isn't the same. This isn't the same team. You know what, I love the fact that you got your version and I got the truth. Now let me give you a couple of facts when it comes to the truth. Alright? We've already beaten y'all. We'll let you off the hook rooms in Philadelphia and let's go. Let's be honest. When we played in Detroit, we could go position for position comparing our offenses and they got better players than us at every position besides one that's quarterback. Like my quarterback is better than yours. That's what I told him to give J off. Well guess what I'm gonna say against the Philadelphia eagle, my quarterback is better than yours.


So at the end of the day, the quarterback position sometimes with fine state. And don't forget, don't forget, I know you like to forget. You say you had been praying so well, we threw five touchdowns against you when we beat you on the walk off touchdown the last time we played you. So this is all I'm gonna say. One of 'em always told me the truth hurt just a little bit more than a lie. But if you want me to lie to you, I'll make it sound fly to you. Alright? There's another fact that if you, if you want to talk about facts, you said that the Eagles had a completely healthy secondary, but CJ Gardner Johnson got kicked outta that game for talking shit. Was he healthy? He got Everything he deserved. He he, Yep. Yep. Coming, coming from you. Yeah. Talking shit. Everyone should get kicked outta the game for talking a little shit.


It, it happens when you go across the line. Like the one thing about it is our team doesn't hurt itself in that type of way. Our team plays with dis discipline. It's a difference between a dad, queen coach team and a serial coach team. Because Your guy punched him in the face. No, no. The one thing y'all got guys on the sideline reading the Bible. We don't do that over here. That he was it. We'll see Jalen Carter, it's gonna be a tough day with, with a backup going against Jalen Carter. Well Actually it's not a backup. We got Taylor be ish. It it it at center. And I don't know if we introduce you to him because he's dominated everybody from Dexter, Lawrence and anybody else. He's Ray we we're going to be fine Next man up mentality at this point of the year, everybody got people hurt Philadelphia got people hurt.


Do you want, like, will you tell us how, how hurt is your quarterback, the one that you got the fat head of right behind you? How hurt is he? He, he's not, I mean we'll see, we'll sees do practice. He didn't look great at the end of last week, but a lot can change in a week. Yeah. You know a Lot in the last time we played child, right? He was out for two weeks after we ran into him a couple of times. Mr. Frankie Louisville. Yeah. Helmet to helmet. We don't, we don't condone helmet to helmet. We player safety is paramount. All right. So Fred, I got a question for you about the mentality here because I do think there's an interesting aspect of the game and, and it's not saying that like Windows open or anything, but the commanders are underdogs.


It does feel like they, there's a lot of pressure on the Eagles because this team is, you know, it, their defense is young but they're, they got some older dudes on the offensive line. You don't know how many times you're gonna be back here. Do you think that that is real, that the commanders can play a little more free and that underdog role of like, Hey, no one's expecting us to be here. We don't have the same pressure. We can play a little more free, we can play a little more like that underdog role. Is that a real thing that happens in the locker room? I just think we in an unexpected window. I don't think we wanna call our ourself underdogs. That ain't what Coach Quinn teaches. He said their word a couple of times. Like that ain't what we do. We here because we supposed to be here. Alright, we are a team of destiny.


It's a different, like everything's going like, you know, sometimes it takes the, the football guys for things to follow y'all way. Y'all remember the open hand with Tom Brady and Child Woodson. Y'all remember Pat Mahomes numerous times. Things happen in this game and the one thing we're not doing is saying we not supposed to be here. We're playing with house money. No, we're not playing with house money. We're too modest. And the only things in our way is the city with a broken belt in there, in a statue of a man that don't exist in Rocky. So at the end of the day, we are going to Philadelphia And we are not going there to eat cheese steaks. We're going there to get a victory. We're four, we're four quarters away from a Super Bowl. Nobody would've gave us a chance to say that at the beginning of the year.


And the team that's in front of us that's trying to stop us is a team that we already beat one time And we took to the brink at home. We're not afraid of the Philadelphia Eagles. I can't wait. 'cause I really do. I'm loving this. Everybody said all year long the NFC North was the best conference in football. Psych is the NFC Did it with the psych. This is actually unfair what we're doing to Max right now because bringing in Fred Smoot as as mouthpiece for the commanders is like the most tilted you can get in an argument. I mean he is He just not saying that Kenny Pickett was the quarterback in the game that he won. We talking about the defense that hasn't been mentioned Once Defense, well he wasn't talking about doing anything against the offense. He was talking about the five touchdowns.


But you have, I mean that, that is a big piece of the game. No, we want your backup up quarterback. Just like when Marcus Mariota comes in the game for us, all he do is ball. Because guess what? We took time And we picked the right guy. Y'all pick Kenny Pickett. He's nothing like your starter. Your whole offense changed when he come in the game. So I can't blame, I can't blame the fan base, but I can't blame the front office. Oh but this is you agree PFT like there's, you can't argue with Fred Smoot like's No, no, it's impossible. This has me thinking the Are gonna win by three touchdown. 'cause you could, you could say something, you could, you could make a great point against him and then he's gonna come back and make a louder point that rhymes. Yeah. And then I can't, I can't compete with the rhyme.


I can't compete with the rhyme. I love it Fred. I think I like, I love the vibes. I'm a little bit, I I'm backing off saying Team of Destiny just yet. 'cause I, I'm also, I respect the Philadelphia Eagles. I respect Stop stupid from saying that because I don't think we playing with house money. 'cause I think house money mean we lucked up and got here. We beat legit playoff teams. We beat we went to Tapper and beat them on the road. We went to Detroit and beat them on the road. We have beat playoff teams all year long. We, we beat Philadelphia. We have beat playoff team. We have went bro to bro with, with Giants. Alright, we have back down from Lin. Alright. And like I said, long as we enter a game and my quarterback is the best quarterback on the field, we feel like we can win the game.


And we walk in Philadelphia this week, we gonna feel like our quarterback is better than yours. No, I I'm with you. I'm I'm with that. I I love the mentality. I just don't think saying Team of Destiny is a good because you got to, you gotta go out there and you gotta earn it. If you're, if you go into it thinking team of Destiny, then it's like, oh, we're gonna win because we we're a team of destiny. That's quiet. Soft confidence. They're saying that we're not playing with house money. Like when you say I here playing with house money out, we snuck into the playoffs. That's, that's a hint of we not supposed to be here. No, no, no, no, no, no. My, when I say house money, I mean like I think the commanders are very good and I think Jayden Daniels is the best quarterback in this game. I'm saying more like this season going into it. You never expect to be in the NFC championship game.


You can play loose, you can play fast. You can play this like aggressive this feeling of like, Hey, what we've been doing, we're on this incredible run. Yeah. Let's just keep being ourselves and and and, and play the way we wanna play. And hopefully the other side gets a little, little tight here and there because you know, their offense hasn't looked as as crisp as, as the commanders have. So it's not a, it is not a dis it's like the house money's a great thing to have 'cause you're just sitting there like, hey we're gonna go out and be ourselves. And I do think I, I said this like maybe I think it was after the Falcons game, it's like there's something about Jaden Daniels that he makes everyone better on that team and when he has the ball late, you just expect him to do something and and you have that faith in him that I think elevates an entire team.


Big hit. Lemme ask you this Big Cat. Alright, let's just say the game is 25. 25. We got the ball last with two minutes left. Who win the game? Yeah. Yeah. You guys are, I said it in the Bucks game. I turned, I turned to, I think it was Hank I was sitting next to when the, when the bucks kicked the field goal, I turned over and I said, bucks aren't getting the ball back. Like they just aren't getting the ball back. Wow. There's four minutes left. I was like, they're not getting the ball back. Jayden Daniels is gonna figure this out. And that fourth down, you know, like you guys have been running so hot on fourth down, which obviously, what Is it? 20 of 23. We already been fourth down team of all time said which Right. This Big Cat. Yeah. No, no. It's, it's insane. Now are you gonna, are are is are they gonna be 20 of 23 percentage wise for the rest of his career?


Probably not, but it doesn't matter because they're 20 of 23 right now. Right. And that's how they're running. And they, and I love that Dan Quinn is staying aggressive that Marcus Mariota fourth down to start the Lions game was bad. Yeah. And he didn't, it didn't, he didn't blink. He was like, no, no this is what we're doing. And it's, it's almost like the commanders have gotten into the push the tush push territory where better They get it's into. Yeah. If you look at the statistics and you compare it tot I heard you say this Smoot, you compare it to 2022 when the tush push was unstoppable, the commander's fourth down has been better than push, Push better. Yeah. And it's, it's, it's that point where it's like if they can get all they have to do, it changes the whole like approach offensively.


'cause they basically are saying get us to fourth and three. If you get us to fourth and three we'll convert it. And actually we've been more dangerous 'cause we've been doing it on fourth and seven. Fourth and eighths. Yeah. The thing about it is the best, the, the four best fourth down teams are the four teams that's left in the playoffs right now. The tush in Philadelphia, Josh Allen and Buffalo. And of course, of course the the God's gift, the prince that was promised Patrick Mahomes in Kansas City. They all four are ranked 1, 2, 3 and four and fourth down. I think they has a lot to do with who makes it to the Super Bowl because of that. Because you're talking about team four teams that don't turn the ball over much. You're talking about four teams that can run the ball. Not with just their running backs, but they can legitly run it with their quarterbacks.


You're talking about four teams that's optimistic on defense and play great special teams. So this is gonna come down to the end. Both game gonna come down to the end. And if Jedi five gets that ball as made a force be with you, I love that. I like Jedi five. I love that Smooch. Do you, do you have any thoughts on the a FC championship game? Do you Have a pick? You know where I think it's gonna be another classic man think about an end game with Pat Mahomes and Josh Allen headline This game. This game can go either way and for the first time in a long time, somebody's going to go to Kansas City. That's not afraid of the cold. 'cause Buffalo is not afraid of the cold. And one thing we know about Buffalo is James Cook you to running that ball downhill and they get to possessing that ball and make it pat my home.


Watch that game. You could have that old rematch of, I don't know if that was Super Bowl 20 or 23 or 24, but you remember Washington and Buffalo played a Super Bowl that we end up beating them in. I don't know, maybe we get another replay of that. Yeah, yeah. If, if we're lucky enough to make it to the Super Bowl smooth, I think me and you should host a a love boat party on Lake Pontchartrain. What do you think? Yes, we Should. Yes. We should Get a boat out there. Get some ladies, get some liquor out there. We'll have a good time. Nobody will telling us for pissing. We need to go there and bathe in Bourbon Street. That's what we need to do. Alright. We need to go and take on New Orleans like never before. You talking about a fan base that has it had this chance in three decades, almost four decades.


Y'all have awakening a a, a sleeping giant. All right. We got fans from Australia to Canada to China. We got so many fans when it comes to it. They have nothing to cheer for, for over three decades. And now we are back as America's new team. That's the new mon. All right. I I'm gonna look at boats. If we win this game, I'm not gonna look at boats until after, after the final whistle on Sunday. Sure. Make sure it's a yacht. Yeah, we'll get a yacht. It's gotta be a yacht. We'll get a or maybe a fan boat. It gotta be a yacht. Maybe get strippers on a fan boat out there. That would be fun. Don't come out there in the tub. Boat. You get no love.


Alright, well Fred, I have one last question for you. It's the Rollback question. RHO bac c k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com promo code take give us a final score.


Final score. I think it's gonna be a a, a Rock of soum. Bring your ride. A let's Sno bubble Football game's gonna be physical ONFC East. I wish we had men calling in this game. I think it's gonna be a 30 27 game. It's gonna come down to the wire, it's gonna come down to the lead of a kick. I call him Big Gang Gonzales. So hopefully he can close it for us. 30 27 Washington going to New Orleans. I think we were outlays Philadelphia. In Philadelphia and I cannot wait to go to King Street and get rid of a Philly cheese steak on my way back home to the DMV. I love it. From your lips to God's ears, Fred. Yes, Yes, please, please.


We need it. We need it. So this is a good, fair and balanced preview of, of Commander's Eagles. I'd say. Say we just, we just came, we just invited Fred on to just fucking bash Max over the head. You know, miss Philadelphia is usually doing to us. And you know, it has got to a point where Philadelphia fan base is so hostile that our, our fans afraid to just travel up nine five and go to a game. But we kinda act this 'cause everybody got a cousin, nephew, brother, somebody with a teardrop on their eye that don't believe in following the rules. So we're gonna to get all them in the car And we heading to Philadelphia to fight back this week.


Oh man, I love it, Fred. I hope you're right. I hope you're right. I love the confidence. I wish I could be as confident as you. I'm, I'm nervous Because what I'm hearing, Philadelphia is still a little worried, but Well why you? What's what, what, what scared you? They they're in a Super Bowl window and we're not that that, that makes you a No no. I I I respect the hell outta their defense. And Jalen Carter is a guy that will wreck a game and you, you can't really stop 'em for the full 60 minutes. And then Saquon Barkley might be the best offensive player in the NFL. Yep. So they, that there's a, there's a lot to be concerned about. But do you, that's said, do You remember Sexy Dexy Lawrence from the New York Giants who dominated everybody this year?


He didn't dominate us. Dedi shut him down. Do you remember Vve one of the best defensive attackers in football Betis made him come up missing, still putting them on the carton. But you remember all the detailers that we faced. All y and Jane, you he's kinda included in that. Him and Gordon Davis. Well, we've been there, we've done that. The only people we afraid of is Jesus. Alright. And if you ain't pulling him out, we ain't, we ain't afraid. Yeah. Alright. Well Fred, I mean IIII think the Commanders should, and big Dom respect Commander should be 14 point favorites if you're listening to this. I also, I respect big Dom, so he, he scares me too. But I, I love it. I'm confident. I think that, I think we've got a real chance at winning and if we play our game and if we operate and fast and no huddle tire the defense out.


I I could see it happening. I hope you're right. I hope you're right. Why not us? That's all I'm gonna tell you. Why not us? Oh man. Alright, well Fred, thanks so much man. And, and hopefully we see you in New Orleans because that would be great. Most Definitely. We got a couple of weeks fella, but we know after this weekend, are we back into, are we back in the Super Bowl window? Coach Gibbs talked about it this week and you know, when the Josephs talks, we listen, they're green, been talking about it. So come on man. The football guys are line in for Washington right now. Right now between the football team in Washington, the baseball team in Washington. The capitals are number one. This is Washington District of Champions. All right. And if y'all want to come and jump on the bandwagon, you welcome to.


All right. Thank you so much Fred. We appreciate it. And congrats on joining the pirate ship. We love having you as a coworker. Yeah, very happy. Yeah. I Can't wait to work with y'all guys. We gonna have some fun.


Fred Smoot was brought to you by our great friends at Kevin's Natural Foods. They've got great entrees, super easy to heat up. The Kevin's natural foods are a perfect alternative to take out. It's just as tasty, but it's faster and it's healthier. I had the Sichuan chicken the other night. It is so good. I'm telling you, the chicken that you have from Kevin's Natural Foods, it tastes like restaurant chicken. They cook it sous and then you heat it up and it tastes like perfect chicken. It was unreal. The best fast meal that I've ever had. Kevin's heat and eat entrees and stir fried kit that're packed with protein. They're ready in under 10 minutes. They've got General so's chicken honey, garlic chicken, garlic chicken, Korean barbecue. The Thai style coconut chicken is absolutely delicious. They have paleo and keto certified options. So there's something for any lifestyle. If you're big on taste, big on convenience, Kevin's is a no brainer. Find Kevin's Natural Foods in the refrigerated section at your local grocery store.


Mitchell Schwartz is gonna be brought to you by our great friends at Mountain Dew. You can add a blast of refreshing tropical lime flavored to your game day with Mountain Dew Baja Blast, one of the goat sodas Mountain Dew Baja Blast is a part of my game day ritual. I like to crack one open right before kickoff. Especially the halftime Mountain Dew might be even better. You recharge, you get ready, get your energy up for the second half. The Baja Blast kicks off the second half and everything feels good. The tropical lime flavor of Mountain Dew Baja Blast is refreshing. It's hitting parlay. It's refreshing as a game winning kick that dinks in. It's refreshing as a 98 yard pick six. It says refreshing as your team winning a playoff game. Ride the Baja Wave on game day. Grab Mountain Dew, Baja Blast for you and your crew whenever refreshing beverages are sold. Check it out. Mountain Dew, Baja Blast the Goat.


And now here's Mitchell Schwartz. Okay, we now welcome on Recurring Guests. It's been a while, but we thought he'd be a perfect guest to come on before Championship Sunday. It is Super Bowl champion four time all pro. Mitchell Schwartz from the Kansas City Chiefs and Cleveland Browns. We gotta throw out the browns there too. Mitch, thank you for joining us. We appreciate it. I wanna do the hardest question first, if that's okay. I wanna do the real hard question first then we can do easier questions about the game after. The hard question is, when you were playing for the Chiefs winning a Super Bowl, how did it work with the refs telling you they were gonna like throw the game for you?


Was that during the week or was it just on Sunday morning where they would come into the locker room and be like, Hey guys, don't worry, we got your back. Yeah, it was Sunday before the game. You know, they, they didn't want us to, to mess with our preparation. And then, you know, I was really thankful for that 'cause I ended up, my career ended with a, a second back surgery, so I just got to thank the reps for, you know, causing me all that pain that ended up requiring another surgery. 'cause I'm, I'm so thankful to have back pain for the rest of my life. Yeah, I figured it'd be during the game, like in wwe e when they like whisper something into each other's ears, the rep's gonna be like, I'm gonna call Hands to the face. Act like he hit you in the face. Yeah. And then you just go out there and do that. You did a great job by, you're a great actor. Yeah. Thank you. So that's, that's honestly my thing. If people actually think that that's realistic and that's what's happening, then treat it like wrestling, then it's fake and treat it like wrestling.


Right. And stop complaining about it. Yeah. So either you don't care or treat it like wrestling. It's one of the two. So What, what are you, what's your take on all of this? Because obviously the Texans game now. We were, we had the take after the Texans game that, listen, I don't think the Texans, those weren't the two plays that, that made them lose the game. They, they were bad in special teams. They didn't get a couple big fourth down conversions. The Chiefs convert on the big plays and take advantage of big plays time and time again in the playoffs. But what, what do you say to people who are conspiracy theorists and being like, the chiefs get all the calls and this is bullshit. You know, there's only so much you can say. I, I think the first call was legitimate. I mean, there's that camera angle from the side that for reason they didn't show Buck and Aman when Aman was, you know, complaining about it.


They only showed the one from behind that looks like he doesn't get hit in the face. But there's one from the side that you can argue the helmet is touching Pat's face mask. But there's, you know, general, in general that kind of forcible contact to the head and neck area, his head snaps back and it's defined in the rule book. If you're unsure, throw the flag because we wanna protect the quarterback. So that one sucks if you're a Texans fan or you're rooting against the Chiefs. But I think the reps were correct on that. The second one I disagree with. I, I think that it was a late slide and the guys were already committed. It's not, it wasn't the Trevor Lawrence slide that I felt like, you know, all shahir had plenty of time to pull up. I felt like Pat slid late and there probably should have been a penalty or there shouldn't have been a penalty. Yeah. So, yeah, I mean one outta two and you know, I've seen people say, obviously I've got a lot of cheese fans in the, in the follows and the timeline, if that penalty doesn't get called, it's second and six.


Right. It's not like that was the end of the drive. It's not like that was, you know, a turnover type of play. It just, it ends up being second and six and a game that, to your point, Kansas City largely controlled, especially defensively. So it's, it's, I understand why people get frustrated when there's kind of ticky tack calls, but I think it just a volume thing that chiefs have been on TV in prime time, the most of any team the last seven years. And people like to root against you when you're having success. So of course there are gonna be plenty of calls. We see 'em in every game, every single week. The refs are, are not as good as we want them to be. It's just we see a lot more high leverage calls with the chiefs. Playing The volume thing is something that I, I don't, I don't think I ever brought up, but that, that's a really good point. Like you, they are on TV the most and they're in these big games.


They've been in, they've played the most playoff games in the last six or seven years. So you're just gonna see it. And whenever it happens for the chiefs, everyone's like, well, it's a conspiracy theory. Right. And I'll give you a little bit of ammunition that you can use and Chiefs fans can use this too this weekend. So the referee assignments for this weekend, KLE Blakeman is the head ref. The Kansas City Chiefs are nine and seven with Kle Blakeman as the ref since Patrick Mahomes was the starter for the Chiefs. That sounds like a, you know, not a bad record nine and seven until you realize that the Chiefs in that same time period are 90 and 26. So like if you just look at that Cleep Blakeman is the most effective person in the NFL at stopping Patrick Mahomes at nine and seven.


Yeah. It, it was the thing with, I think it was the, the Texans game. They're like, oh, the Chiefs are four oh or whatever they've never lost with the ref. It's like, yeah, when you're 80% over the guy's career, you know, and there's 20 reps, there's gonna be a few reps that have never called a game that the chiefs lose. Like that's just the, the percentages. But I don't think anyone who's still talking about the reps and, and like talking about it in a meaningful way wants to hear both sides. They're just stuck in with their side. They want to complain about it, they want to be online. So it's just, it's not even fun to like try to actually use stats. You know, there's a lot of people out there who are compiling different things. Every single data point shows that this isn't a real thing, but people just don't want to hear it and that's okay. Yeah. You don't, you don't have to.


It's people who are blowing off steam and they're angry because the chiefs are really good and there's a lot of fan bases that have been personally affected by the Chiefs that don't want the Chiefs to win anymore. So sometimes it's easier to just complain, just bitch and moan about it. It's the American way. Yeah. They have a right if we're right to do that. Alright, so in terms of this game and the Chiefs this season, what you, you know, you, you know, the game at such a high level. You, you watch the, the Chiefs, you know, you know what that locker room is like Andy Reed. Like are, are we in the mindset that the chiefs have a, you know, switch that they're able to flip for the playoffs and their offense is able to hit a different level? Or is it, hey, maybe this offense is not gonna look great for this playoff run, but it doesn't matter because Patrick Mahome will get you the big third downs and he'll find Travis Kelsey and it will work and all of that matters is winning games.


Yeah, I don't think it's a, a switch that gets flipped. I, I think there is a human element to it that it is really hard to play a lot of football games to be the best team and every year have every team treat your game. Like it's the biggest one on the calendar. You know, in week two or three, whatever it was, when Kansas City went to Atlanta, there was some thing that, this was Atlanta's biggest game since 2017. It's like, okay, well this is just another, another Sunday night football game for Kansas City. Like that. That's a huge difference when one team is treating it as like the biggest game in the last eight years of their franchise. And for the other team, it's just another ho-hum game. And as much as we want to discredit that human element like that, that's part of it. So it is hard to, you know, match the other team's energy level every single week throughout the course of a season, let alone, you know, over the last five years, I, I think it's been really interesting that in the media, the players that have come to the Chief's defense, the most have been the Patriots guys because they are the only ones that have been through something similar to this.


Obviously they had a 20 year run, but they understand how difficult that is. To be the team that gets hunted year after year after year. And you know, that seems like they have a lot of respect for what Kansas City's done and still, you know, putting out the records they do, winning the Super Bowl. So I think once you get to the playoffs, you're able to, from the Kansas City perspective, you know, that sense of urgency, it's, it's cliche and sounds dorky, but I this game could be your last, like the sense of urgency is upped. Obviously these guys have shown that they have an ability to raise their games in the biggest moments. And so it's not like, oh, on first and second down, we'll just kind of do whatever and, you know, pat will make us right somehow he does make most things right on third down, I still don't know exactly how that's the case other than he does it and he's done it since he started playing for Kansas City.


But no, it's just, it's, it's a combination really. That's the biggest thing I learned last year, you know, after the Raiders game on Christmas, I was like, okay, chief's gonna make the playoffs. It's gonna be really hard to win four straight games against good teams and win the Super Bowl. And then they won four strike games against really good teams, including going to Baltimore, who is a consensus best team, top five offense, top five defense, top five special teams, and, you know, won that one pretty convincingly and then had a good Super Bowl. So we now have evidence and proof that Kansas City can elevate in the Playoffs, but I don't think that means that they're not trying as hard necessarily in the regular season. It's just an, an element of how important the playoffs are. Yeah, and it, it does, it does feel like it comes, you know, it doesn't feel like the whole team flips a switch, but it does feel like that is the case for Kelsey in terms of he's later in his career.


And that stat that, that, that we talked about on this show, but everyone's been talking about the 14 straight playoff games where he has 70 yards or more. What is it about Kelsey and how he's able to operate? Is it really like sometimes in the huddle he's just, he's like, I'm just gonna be open, find me. Because it does feel like that where it's like he's not even running a route that's like predetermined. He's just finding open space and whenever they need a big play, he's there. Yeah. He doesn't have to say that. It's just understood that whatever the lines are on the paper, you know, Travis's gonna use that as his jumping off point and then he's just gonna kind of feel his way through there and figure out exactly where he needs to be to get open. I, I think it, again, he's 35, it's hard to play tight end in the NFLI mean, again, this gets into the Gronk comparison, but you know, Gronk has been retired twice now and Travs still kicking.


So it it, it's hard to be an elite tight end into your mid thirties, late thirties. And so there is that element of, you know, doing what you need to do and not necessarily more in the regular season, understanding that you need to play your best football in January and February. And the help of the schedule in terms of getting the one seat in the by and being able to rest in week 17. We saw that last year, you know, the start of the season TRA was injured week one and I feel like never really got fully healthy until that week 17, I guess week 18 now he got the, the week off that he chose not to chase a thousand yard record this year. We know the guy's got 24 days. Travel obviously looks a little more spry, a little, a little bit more juice in those legs at 35. So yeah, there, there's something to understanding what's needed when your best is needed.


And also I think people understand how important Travis is to the team, but it, the emotional leadership that he provides on the offense, you know, as he goes, the team goes. And again, getting back to what I said earlier, it's hard to be that emotional leader every single game all the time, be hyped at all times and, and do it at the age that he is. So it does make sense that it's a easier to, to conjure that magic for all 60 minutes in the Playoffs. Yeah, yeah. There's another guy that, that always shows up in big moments and that's Chris Jones. It seems like every big third down he's making a play. I'm curious to know from your perspective as an offensive lineman, and you can get as like detailed and nitty gritty as you want, what is it about Chris Jones that makes him such a pain in the ass for offensive lineman to deal with?


Yeah, I mean he's been, he's been showing up in big moments since the, since the combine He showed flashes. Yep. He, He, so the, the thing with Chris is he's so naturally strong. You know, when you're watching film or one of the scouting reports, the reason he wasn't like a clear first rounder, well, he plays high and you know, he's gotta get his pad level down. Turns out you don't have to get your pad level down to you're stronger than the guy across from you. And so what, what Chris combines is a great national strength with really skilled hands and the ability to basically make the offensive line wrong. You know, if he beats you with power and, and that bull rush and that strength, your tendency is an offensive line and you wanna get your hands on the guy, you want to try to lock him up early, you wanna kind of shut down the rush before it gets started. Well, the second you throw your hands at Chris, he swipes them, he beats you around the corner, you do get your hands on him, you know, we call it a Hamilton technique, but basically he grabs your wrist, lifts it up, and converts into power and, and kind of walks you back to the quarterback.


So he has the ability to make you wrong, however you wanna block him. If you wanna be handsy and, and, and be jumpy and try to get on him before you get started, you're gonna get sw and you're gonna get beat with those Hamilton techniques. And if you want to kind of play patty cake and you know, back up and kind of shake with him, he'll just run right through you and get to the quarterback either way. So it, it puts the offensive a lineman in a really tough bind. You're not quite sure what technique to use because typically, you know, there's one thing I can try to take away and if the guy beats me on a second or third best move, okay, I can deal with that. But Chris's two best moves counter the two things you wanna do as an offensive alignment. So he really makes life difficult and unless you've played him, unless you kind of understand, you know, how to block him, I, I think you have to do that in real time.


Yeah. And obviously that's a a, a pretty difficult task. You always see the offensive lineman doing that sad little turn after their hands get hit to the side and he's by you and you know that he's by you. They do the sad turn where they like take one step, like they're gonna try to catch him and block him again, but he is like halfway to the quarterback and they just have to, I guess, run a couple steps so they can help their guy up after he gets sacked. Well, usually guys get beat so bad they get so discouraged that you don't even like think to go get the quarterback. You're just like, oh man. And you drop your head and there's some times where guys criticize offensive lineman for not picking up the quarterback. It's like, you are so disheartened that it happened. Yeah. That you don't even like remember to go get the quarterback. You just know like that that inner shame is so strong that you almost forget to go get him.


So yeah, it's a, it is a sad little thing. Obviously whenever one of us gets beat, they like to, you know, draw all the circles and make sure everyone knows exactly who you are and how you got beat. So it's not so much fun. Yeah. The other sad thing is when they call illegal man downfield on an RPO and like, what are, what are you supposed to do as an offensive lineman in that situation? Is that your fault? Like, do the coaches end up chewing you out because you got the flag afterwards? It depends on the timing. I know you love good questions. That's a good question. Good question. It, it depends on how good your coaches are. It depends on how locked in you are as a lineman. But you know, if it's an RPO and you have to change your angles and you have to change your timing to not be downfield, you know, if the quarterback is getting rid of it within the kind of acceptable window of RPO, your reading somebody, okay, the re tells me to throw it, I'm gonna pull it and throw it.


The offensive lineman should not be downfield. If the offensive lineman runs up to the linebacker immediately or if you know he's using his correct technique, staying at the line and then goes past the line of scrimmage and still gets the flag, then you know, it's probably on the quarterback. So yeah, it can be the offense lineman's fault for sure. There's also times where you, you realize that you're a little bit too downfield, you realize it's not a run play and you try to, you know, kind of turn around and backtrack. Sometimes you do the old dump truck technique, you just start backing up. Sometimes you turn and, you know, kind of try to get a couple steps in and get closer to the line. So there are some tricks as well if you do realize you're downfield. I, I feel like people have gotten smarter about offensive line play through the years, and especially to the point where I think it's, it's now common knowledge amongst football fans that sacks are not always on the offensive line.


You know, there's there, there's times when the quarterback is holding onto the ball too long or he steps to a place where he shouldn't step to and he's not stepping up and, and there's a pocket there. W when you were playing, would would quarterbacks ever say to you like, Hey, that was my bad. Like that wasn't on you. Even though technically if they replay it, it's like you got, you know, you got beat to a position, but the quarterback had a spot where he could have gone, he just didn't go there. Yeah, absolutely. It's usually not necessarily during the game, you know, you're just kinda in the flow of the game and it's not like he is like, ah, you suck. You know, you need to gimme more protection. It's not, you don't play for that guy either. You know, just snacks happen and you move on and you try to make the best of it. But you know, after games or you know, the next day while you're watching film, quarterbacks definitely will come up to you and say, Hey, you know, kind of screwed you guys there.


It's typically not holding onto the ball per se. I think that's more of an understood thing. You know, at times they'll come in and say, Hey, I'm gonna get rid of it a little sooner. You know, you guys are doing a good job, but it's more kind of that depth of the pocket. Yeah. Or where he's supposed to be. You know, sometimes guys can get a little too deep, sometimes they like to bounce around too much when they, they feel things. It's a, it's a good notice from you, you know, Chicago fan and, and the quarterback situation. Yes. I'm sure you've, you've got your, your spreadsheet of how many of those sacks are on the O-line versus the quarterback. Yeah. People have pointed that out. What, what was it, was it hard to adjust to blocking for Mahomes? Because he does float sometimes, but he does it so effectively and it's not, it when Mahomes is floating, it never feels like he's floating in a panic move or like, he doesn't, he's not in control, it's just he kind of has that spatial awareness that only the elite guys seem to have.


No, he, he makes it easy for us. I, I think that blocking for a guy, especially as the right tackle with a right-handed quarterback that can flush to your side. You know, if my guy goes too, too far up the field kind of runs that loop too high, that opens up path throwing side, you know, we've seen defensive coordinators now try to use that to their advantage. And then you have this spy, you know, popping over the top. Probably see that a little bit with, you know, Milano or, or Terrell Bernard, one of those guys chasing him down. But it's to my advantage 'cause in that defensive end doesn't feel like he gets to rush the way he wants to. He gets to have that contained in the back of his head. You know, I think it was, we were playing Denver and my guy didn't allow Pat to stay in the pocket. Pat got outside and I just heard the coach screaming at him, you gotta give contain.


I'm like, okay. So this definitely does benefit me. Yeah. But there, there are some interesting stats. You know, you can, if you really want to get into nitty gritty, you can look at, you know, quarterbacks look at offensive tackles and look at how often guys see inside moves. You know, some of those sites now that, that break things down, you'll see against mobile quarterbacks, offensive tackles are likely not getting as many inside moves because again, if the offensive tackle blocks it correctly, they flatten it off. You've now opened up the outside area to where the quarterback can scramble, where he can make plays happen on the move. So yeah, it's always beneficial to, to block for a quarterback that's running in my mind, it's not beneficial when they take a long time in the pocket to realize that they should break container that they should run. That's definitely the hard part. Yeah. For this specific game, how are you feeling about the chiefs offensive line?


Because they haven't had the best season. There's been some ups and downs. You know, they, they moved toney out to tackle, which he, he, he's done a good job there. I it you could make the argument it's probably hurt their run game a little bit, but maybe protects Pat Pat more, but how do you feel overall in terms of how they're coming together? Because we've seen it, I mean the only time Patrick Mahomes has really had, you know, a rif, well he, I guess the Bengals game in the AFC Championship game, but the Super Bowl against the Bucks when, when he was just under fire the whole time. No one can win in that situation. But how, how are you feeling about this particular matchup against the bills Match? It's gonna be tough. I mean the, the Bills run defense wise played so well in the first half against Baltimore.


I think we all expected Baltimore to run the ball and be effective. But the Bills run defense showed up. You know, Von Miller seems to be, you talked about Kelsey earlier, turning on the playoffs, Vaughn's turning it on and Oliver's turning it on. You know, Rousseau's been an ascending player for a while. So they've got all the pieces there. You know, I think maybe a benefit to Kansas City's O Line, I felt like they didn't play their best game against the Texans in large part because the Texans are so good. But you know, when you're kind of watching the film back and you're looking at certain things, it wasn't maybe the performance from the start that the offensive line wanted. I thought they had played well in that, you know, three game in, in 10 or 11 day stretch, regressed a little bit against Houston. So that feeling of, hey, we need to do better. We need to, you know, show our guy that we're in control And we can con, you know, kick ass and do what we need to do to make him feel better.


That makes me a little bit optimistic. I think that's gonna be honestly the, the key determining factor to the game, you know, on the other side of the ball. The Bills offensive line I think has played fantastic all year. Yeah, I think that's really the under talked about part of, you know, we see all the chatter now with Buffalo. People say we don't have weapons and they've, it's like, well your offensive line is probably, aside from Josh Allen, your best offensive weapon for the course of the season. You watch him and he sits back there. The pockets are beautiful. He is got all day, he's able to do what he wants. I think, you know, they don't necessarily get the individual accolades, you know, Dawkins get some, Spencer Brown got a big contract and has ascended as a player, but by and large they don't get the accolades on an individual level that Kansas City's outlined does.


But I think, you know, for the whole, and especially from a pass game perspective, you know, they've done a really great job throughout the course of the year. Yeah, Yeah. They're able to run the ball really effectively against Baltimore too. Your, your rushing defense might be different story. Spag Nula, he always seems to have something planned. He's always thinking a couple steps ahead. I heard somebody talk about this a couple months ago and it made me wonder that Spag should be a hall of famer as a coordinator. I don't think there are any coordinators in the Hall of Famer. Are there no offensive coordinators? No defensive coordinators. Like obviously guys have gone on to be head coaches later, but I feel like if Spag, if you get, if you get three in a row and this defense plays well again, I think Spag should probably be considered for the Hall of Fame at that point.


I agree. I mean he is won, I think it's either four or five Super Bowls as the defensive coordinator, he kind of, you know, shepherded in that, that new era of the four defensive ends in a rush package. You know, I think he inherited that from, you know, kinda the oh 6 0 7 Giants and then kind of made it his own that NASCAR package back in the day. And that kind of changed football, you know, how you got after quarterbacks being able to put smaller guys in the, you know, be gaps and, and run some funky things on third downs. And that evolution of what he is become, I mean he went to St. Louis didn't have success. Not many people did have success there. You know, I don't know how much you pin on him, how much you wanna pin on just the, the general tenor there. But yeah, I mean what he is been able to do for Kansas City, you know, Bob Sutton had a lot of success as defensive coordinator.


Things that a little stale, you know, got rid of him, brought in Spags and that's really been a, a key point of the Kansas City run and lucky enough that, you know, he's older and he did fail in his first spot that he hasn't gotten poached away. You know, most guys with his level of success will have gotten a head coaching job at this point. You know, when you look at the, the body of work the last five years. So definitely belongs in the Hall of Fame. If you're looking at best coordinators. I don't know how you can have a list without him. Pretty high on the defensive side. Yeah, yeah. And on the other side, tell me about what a great job Matt Nge has done this year. Yeah, it's been, I mean the whole chief's offense I think has been interesting.


Okay, so here's my thoughts on the chief's offense. Hollywood Brown was gonna play a massive role. You know, he was killing an OTA as the guys were really excited about him. He essentially was the closest thing to Tyreek since Tyreek in terms of the burst, the long speed, the route running, kind of being able to run the offense through him. Rashid had the role as kind of that slot guy, the inside guy, intermediate and obviously Kelsey's, Kelsey, Hollywood goes down and I think that just completely threw off what the offense was looking like. Now rash, she comes out, has like 30 catches in the first three weeks he gets hurt, he's out for the year. Now you're out both of your receivers. And I think that honestly threw off what the chief's offense was gonna be. Xavier worthy gets drafted in the first round, you're thinking he's gonna be the third option at best, but now he's the number one receiver.


'cause your top two guys are down and he's learning on the, on the go obviously, you know, Travis is being Travis and as we talked about earlier, maybe not playoff Travis throughout the course of the season. And so they finally kind of found that groove in weeks 10, 11, 12, figuring out exactly what the roles were gonna be. Hollywood comes back trade for Deandre Hopkins, you know, bringing, he's hurt now. So I do think the offense has had to adapt on the fly and as people want to talk about other offenses and you know, Lamar from this past, like, well he's without wide receiver won and he's without this and without that it's like, well the Chiefs have been in without wide receiver won pretty much all year. Whether you wanna define that as Hollywood or Rashi, people don't want to necessarily speak about that. They're on the fourth left tackle. Like they've had all these different injuries as well.


So I think that the offense has had to change. I do think they have had a done a pretty good job of figuring that out. I think the Texans defense is just pretty good. And so it's not what we're used to seeing from 20 19, 20 20 where it just bombs away and scoring 30 plus points every game. But I do think the offense understands what they wanna be now and they can lean into that identity. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, and you could see it too with e even Xavier worthy, they started getting his targets up towards the end of the season and it was clear that they starting to trust him more. Because I would imagine like just from a guy like Patrick Mahomes, like he's got, he, he, he can't just immediately say like, oh we drafted this guy high. He's he, I'm gonna throw it to him.


You know, 10 times the game. You have to find that, you know, second nature where you're, you're you, you can trust that they're gonna make the play you can trust, you can throw it in the ball. It feels like they finally are there. Is that wrong? Like, is that right? Yeah, for sure. There's, there's the way, again, the quarterback is supposed to kind of play the game on paper and then there's the way Pat plays the game, which is similar to the way we talked about Travis earlier, like just feeling space, understanding that not everything that you're supposed to do on the sheet is the thing that is expected of you. You know, there's a lot of adjustments and this is what's made passing offenses come down a little bit. It's what's made things so difficult from the offensive side is defenses are so much more complex. You know, we see all the cool clips of safety spinning around and this invert two that everyone likes to talk about and sounds smart and all these different things that defenses are doing, realizing, hey, we can still play the cards that we want and confuse the offense.


Well, if you're a receiver and you're, you know, a rookie and you're trying to figure out is it cover two, is it cover three? Is it cloud coverage? What's my adjustment off that? You know, is the quarterback expecting me at a different level? That's a lot to think about while you're trying to go full speed on third and 12. So there definitely is a learning curve in terms of what's expected of you for the offense. And then also, you know, kind of how Pat sees things and how he plays it. Coach Reed talked about that last year with Rashi kind of learning Pat being Mahomes friendly. He is talked about a little bit this year with Xavier and you, you can definitely see a huge difference. And to your point, he's being asked to do so much now. He is really a full compliment receiver who just happens to be smaller and really fast, but he's not being used as a gadget guy.


He's being used in all facets of the offense. And I think that is one of the things they realized once he was thrust into that role, once he grew from weeks one to 10, that hey, we can trust him And we can put him in these spots and let him be a true receiver. He doesn't have to just be speed or jet sweep. Yeah. Yeah. It's been really interesting to watch them develop. They just overcome everything. That's the thing about the Chiefs is like, as long as they have Patrick Mahomes, Andy Reed, Travis Kelsey, it feels like they'll figure the rest out and it's gonna be a different solution every single year. But they'll, they'll end up getting there. And from, from the weather perspective, it's not gonna be like it was last year where you had the, the dolphins coming into town and it was like six degrees. It's gonna be like 34 maybe down into the upper twenties by the end of the game.


Offensive linemen, sleeves or no sleeves. So you're not supposed to wear sleeves. You know, we've gotten loose and, you know, soft as an offensive line community and, and allowed guys to start wearing sleeves over the years. If you are super cold, the the thing you can do is put on elbow sleeves. You know, those things are nice and thick and insulated. I always wore an elbow brace on my inside arm and if it was super cold I would just like throw a sleeve or a brace on the other arm and it looks oline sweet. Like, yeah, my elbows suck and I I get to wear these things, but it actually keeps you pretty warm. So that's the kind of work around if you wanna, you know, look, you know, quote unquote old school oline tough, but still wanna to get a little bit of extra warmth in there.


That's, I like that, That's a great trick. Yeah, I would, I would say the colder it gets, the less you should wear sleeves. I I would actually be okay with the lineman wearing sleeves. If it was like 30 to 45 degrees outside you wear sleeves, then yeah, who cares? But if it's like 20 degrees, no sleeves off. Yeah. Gotta show those guns. Yeah, I mean I think it was straight hand that was like, I'd rather just feel good and play good and get sax instead of like being miserable out there and being cool and not producing. So there's, I mean, again, we've kind of gotten away with some old school toughness stuff that's just stupid. Like, you want your guys to be comfortable and play well. That's really the most important thing at the end of the day. But from like a psycho crazy perspective. Yeah, I think we still respect the guys who are out there sleeveless.


I mean, there's not too many glove list guys anymore. I think Nolan Smith on Philly is one of the few, but anytime you see a defensive end who's not wearing gloves, you just, you assume he's a psycho. Yeah, yeah. There's no, there's no valid reason to do it. I think Jared ver maybe doesn't wear gloves either. No surprise why he's gonna win, you know, defensive rookie of the year. Vive doesn. Every time I see Vive I am like, how is he what? Like he's just in the bottom of every pile and he's just got no Gloves. Trey Hendrickson. Yes. Yeah, it's nuts. It's so intimidating. Mitch, your, your Twitter account, I love following you on Twitter because I, I do think that you put out really good like nuanced takes from someone who played in the NFL for as long as you did. Everyone should go following it. Mitch Schwartz 71.


I have a two part question for your Twitter account. First is how awesome does it feel when someone who just like watches film tries to correct you on how to play football and how to play offensive line? Because I've seen that happen a couple times where someone will literally be arguing with you or your brother Jeff, who's also great on Twitter and it will just be like you guys are arguing with people who actually played in the NFL and know what they're talking about and it's someone who's sitting in like watching film and just guessing what's happening. I will say if you're at least watching the film, I'll respect the fact that you're trying to do this correctly. Yeah. You know, 99% of what I get is people who are not watching film or who just watch you know the game on TV and think they know what's happening.


So that 1% of people who are watching the film, I respect that you're trying to do it. I get really frustrated when people have a following and people are looked up to because they study football and they watch film and they put out analysis and then they're putting out bad analysis. You know, you can't necessarily be Twitter corrector, you just are the jackass who corrects everybody on Twitter and, and you look terrible. But it does frustrate me when, you know, people with followings put out bad info. So like you said, for the most part, I try to do things in a respectful way and nuance and I try to have the conversations and try to teach because I do want people to understand better. But it is frustrating when people don't take your experience into account.


Like, I, at no point in say I'm always correct about things, I'm willing to kind of talk through everything, but at some point you have to at least account for the fact that I did it. Yeah. And that maybe I know a little nugget or two. Or maybe this is the thing with, I don't think, you know, former players are the only ones that should be analysts. I don't think you had to have played to have this certain like high level understanding. But I do think it shortens the time to see something and to understand what's going on. I can watch something and have a really good gut feeling about either what happened, what the guy was intending to do, maybe what the protection was supposed to be that maybe other people who weren't in my shoes and didn't live that life would have to take a few more watchings to kind of figure out exactly what was supposed to go on. Yeah. So I do think that's where it's advantageous to have played.


'cause you can just look at stuff and you're so used to seeing it that like, oh yeah, I know that's supposed to happen. The right tackle had a sift here and he was indecisive because he saw this. Like, that gut feeling is what's really helpful. Having played the Game that's, and, and it does have to feel awesome. You, you, you took the, the the nice approach. But I would be like, if I had that type of expertise dunking on someone would feel so good. The other thing was, you, you tweeted about this, I think it was either yesterday or the day before. And I found it fascinating because we're dumb fans and there's a lot of Lions fans who this podcast specifically has put been putting them through hell because pf t's commanders beat them. The Bears got Ben Johnson memes, jets got Aaron Glenn, we, we've rated the Lions.


So I do feel bad for them in that respect. But you pointed out that anyone who's blaming Ben Johnson for not being focused on the playoff game because he was doing interviews doesn't realize that these guys are not like, it's not like a like all-nighter for seven days straight trying to get a game plan. They have a game plan, they have their convictions. There's time when they're not working on the game plan because if they did, they would just be getting way too nuanced and probably like analysis by paralysis. So you like that's, that's the reality of it. Is it not? It is. I I think the best example for that, and he had admitted it after the fact, is Sean McVay that Super Bowl against the Patriots where he had two weeks and he just drove himself crazy and he did too much and he tried to change too many things and he's a grinder by nature.


That's why he burns out. And you can't, you know, watch 20 hours of film for 14 days straight. You're gonna overthink things the way the the football week works, you know, we get for the most part Monday, Tuesday off, you're, you're in for one of those days. You're watching the film, you get a lift in and, and that's about it. Our work week technically starts Wednesday. Well Wednesday when we show up And we get the base game plan. The coaches did all the work Monday and Tuesday. Those are their long days. Those are the awful days. We're there, you know, staying at the office all night or they're sleeping there for a couple hours, that's their, you know, super Bowl of the week. And so we get our install Wednesday, we go through practice, we get install for certain situations. Thursday, practice install for Red zone on Friday we practice. And at that point, the game plan is pretty much put together.


You know, you're still gonna tinker with things. If you're a fi first 15 guy who's the offensive coordinator head coach, you're gonna, you know, try to figure out exactly what that combination of plays looks like. But for the most part, all the preparation is done because from the player perspective, after Friday's practice, you're not putting in anything new. You might be adjusting things, you might be fine tuning some stuff that didn't look quite right on Friday, but Saturday morning you're watching Friday's film, you're not getting a new install and you're doing a walkthrough of all the plays you've already done that you want to hit again, you wanna see again. So that game plan is pretty much shut by about 3:00 PM on Friday. Right. So yeah, coaches, they'll go on date night, they'll get to see their wife for the first time all week. Right. You know, they'll, they'll go to their kids' high school football game, they'll do all these other things.


You can't just be locked in and doing it all the time. And in that tweet specifically, I said, you know, some coaches, they'll start watching film for the next week Saturday, you know, once it gets later in the day and they got nothing else to do Sunday. If it's a night game, you're just sitting there all day. You don't have to stare at your hundred play call sheet all day for 12 hours. There's nothing that's gonna change. It's already printed, it's laminated so you can turn the page and get a look. That doesn't mean that they're knocking a coach as hard that Sunday night. So Yeah, it's, people don't necessarily understand how the work week goes. Right. And if you're gonna blame Ben Johnson for that, like I said, blame Kellen Moore, blame SPACs for having interviews. Blame Aaron Glenn for having interviews. Blame everybody else for having interviews. But it's only a guy that lost when his side still did pretty good stuff that's getting the, the heat for it.


And that I just don't understand. And also, it was a bi week, they had a bi week, which would, that gets, you know, like that's 14 days where they had nothing. I I Think it's gonna be good for the rivalry. I think it's gonna be great for Chicago versus Detroit. Yeah. Like, you're gonna get some of that. And so, and then I, I think a fair thing to say if you're a Lions fan would be like, well yeah, you're also taking three of our coaches with you. So I think it's Antoine Relle their Oline coach and there's somebody else. But no, the Oline coach is not coming To Chicago. Oh, he is not? No, it's not Farley Free. Lee, I think is, he's interviewing with Seahawks, but I don't think he's Okay. There's a report that he's probably not gonna, alright. So St. Johnson actually was like, I don't wanna raid their whole staff. Okay. Yeah. So you're bringing a couple guys, so then the fan and you starts thinking, oh, were you having these conversations all week?


Like looking at Zillow together and circling neighborhoods and being like, oh, is this where we're going? So you create like a whole fan fiction in your head. Yeah. But again, I think that this is good for the rivalry in the NFC North. I think that's awesome that there's gonna be genuine animosity between those fan bases. Oh, for sure. And then he just kind of throws that jab at Matt LaFleur and I don't really Yeah, I don know it. I understand where that came from. 'cause I don't think they're like friends that work together. No, They're Notre. I I thought I liked it. I thought They were friends. I thought that was like, can't wait to take on Matt. You know, Matt? No, I don't think they've ever worked together. Yeah, no, no. I mean, no one can focus on one thing all the time for like an entire work week. Like your mind has to wander at times. You're allowed to do other things in your life. Like no one has questioned his preparation until this specific week.


Right. He has been the genius of the NFL the last three years who turned Jared Goff into a top quarterback who weaponizes his right tackle into this, this weapon that, you know, everyone loves Dan Skipper, the six oh lineman, all the fun stuff they do, the trick plays galore and all of a sudden one single game in which his team underperforms and now he's not committed. It just, it's dumb. Like when you say it out loud, it's dumb. Yeah. So we're just not gonna give that any more credence. Yeah. Yeah. Well thank you for joining us. We appreciate it, Mitch. Yeah, you're very smart. Yeah. I,


I had one last question. It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Oh yeah. You're wearing the Rollback right now. You gotta get the new Ezzy hoodie. Super comfortable. Rollback dot com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase.


How's the golf game? Because I know you built, this is kind of weird that I Well no, you put it on Instagram, so that's not weird. I follow you on Instagram. You, you built a simulator in your house, which rocks. How is the golf game going? Golf game's good. It, you know, it's been pretty frozen out here in Kansas City, so luckily I do have the simulator. I've been getting some lessons. I got burnt out on it, as you know, with, with kids and stuff, it's, it's hard to do everything that as you used to do the same. And, you know, between having a baby and working on golf, I was just kind of burnt out on the golf stuff. So back around the last couple months, been working on it. Hopefully it, you know, gets sunny, it gets warm, I get to start playing outside and it's, it's kind of my outlet. I mean, as an offensive lineman, you tend to just kind of hate yourself and, and feel bad at all times.


So golf, you're never gonna feel like you played well. So it's kind of the perfect outlet for a former offense lineman to hit balls, feel like you suck, watch film, try to get better and go out there and just be miserable. I Love that. I felt too good recently. I would like to feel shitty so I can know what I can improve on. I I love that. It's a cool mindset. Yeah. Is it, is it also, like, this is a stupid question, but how sick is it like living in a city that you won a Super Bowl? It is pretty cool. You know, my, my Super Bowl has since been surpassed by a couple Super Bowls and you know, there are some much more famous and and important guys to the city. But it is cool. I mean, it, it keeps you grounded. It, that's why we love Kansas City. Like the people are great, you know, you still get notice every now and again, but everyone's respectful and just like, Hey, you know, thanks for what you do, blah blah blah.


I love follow you on social media, all that stuff. So it's pretty cool, you know, strokes the ego every now and again when you need it. And then I go downstairs, hit balls and start hitting myself again. Yeah. So it's smart move. That's what I, I if you wanna, if you wanna Super Bowl, just stay there. Yeah, Yeah. A hundred percent. So when you went from Cleveland to Kansas City, were you a free agent at the time? I was, yeah. Was there a moment where it was between like Kansas City and some other team and you look back on that them you're like, thank God I chose the Chiefs. Yeah, it was between Kansas City and Tennessee were the last two that were in it. Definitely worked out to, to choose Kansas City. The, I mean the Cleveland thing. We didn't have to go back to that. I mean, I wanted to stay in Cleveland. My wife's from Cleveland, I met her there.


Joe Thomas, hall of Famer, Alex Mack, John Greco, Joel Patia. We had a great offensive line. Yeah. I loved, you know, doing that every day. I wanted to stay. They were in the, you know, shed assets get draft picks, you know, suck and tank phase. So they weren't re resigning anybody. Turned out to be the best thing for me. And yeah, I don't really look back on that too much. I just appreciate the fact that I, I was able to come to Kansas City and I didn't realize how important the Super Bowl was. I mean, to your point, if you're the Rams, if you're, you know, the Chargers, is it gonna be as important to win a Super Bowl in that city and live there? Probably not. You know, living in a a, a sports craze city, the one that's so passionate about the, the team I think is more important. You form a, a better bond to the city than than some other places.


So I think it just happened to be that perfect kind of mixture of finally getting our homegrown kb 50 years since the last Super Bowl. You know, the city loves football so I just got really lucky and you know, I feel really good about that. This is a good choice. Pretty cool to be like I blocked for Patrick for homes. Yeah. Because that will be something that you could say probably 50 years from now and people are like, holy shit, that's awesome. You kept him healthy Yeah. When you were there. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's, I responsibly am the one to keep him healthy. You know, since I've, you know, gone and done other things. He, he seems to have a lot of those ankle injuries every wants to conspiracy about to. So I'm gonna take credit for that. Yeah. Bust actually a bust since you Left. Alright, well Mitch, thank you so much man.


We really appreciate it. Always fun having you on. Everyone do go follow him 'cause you just make us smarter as football fans. So we appreciate that. Thank you. Good to see you guys.


Mitchell was brought to you by a rock on, let's talk about the elephant in the room. Erectile dysfunction. One in four men, 18 years and older experience ed. Which means that you or someone close to you might be experiencing it. That's why I want to tell you about this new ed treatment gel called a roxon. It's a first of its kind. Its kind ed treatment gel with clinically proven results that you can get over the counter. Arone is a topical treatment gel, which means that it doesn't enter your bloodstream making it safe for both you and your partner to maximize intimacy. You can use it with your partner during foreplay, leading up to sex. And it's clinically proven to work within 10 minutes. It's important to try on a few separate occasions to get the hang of how to use it. And while it may or may not work for everyone, studies showed that success occurs in over 60% of men. If you desire deeper connections and better outcomes. Aroc on is the answer. See if it's right for you. Aroc on's available in stores and online. Visit a roxon.us to learn more. That's E-R-O-X-O-N. Do us to learn more.


Fire Fest of the week is gonna be brought to you by Kevin's Natural Foods. You know that you feel your best when you eat well, but life is hectic and it's hard to find a healthy option that's quick and easy. That's where Kevin's natural Foods comes in. Kevin's is honestly getting the Barstow team through the crazy busy playoff season. I know it's been feeding me at night. I love their honey. Garlic, chicken, the general, so is chicken also fantastic. They've got garlic chicken, Korean barbecue. You can get that in chicken or beef, Thai style coconut chicken and the Sichuan chicken. I think that was the one that I had on Tuesday night. It's fantastic. The chicken tastes like its restaurant quality and it's so easy to prepare. Kevin's is made with clean quality ingredients. They're heat and serve entrees and new stir fry kits are packed with protein. They're ready to eat in just minutes. No prep, no mess. Kevin's entrees are shockingly delicious available in tons of tasty flavors. They've got the stir fry kits that even include the fresh veggies. My personal favorite has gotta be the Sichuan chicken. I love that they're made with clean, simple ingredients and the whole Barcel team loves 'em. They really do make a healthy meal possible, even on the busiest days. Kickoff 2025 with Kevin's. Make it your healthiest and tastiest year. Yet nothing like going home from work, not knowing what you're gonna do for dinner. Opening up your refrigerator. You've got Kevin's natural Foods right there. Find Kevin's Natural Foods in the refrigerated section at your local grocery store.


Okay? Fire Fest the week to wrap us up. Hank. Yeah. Yeah. You got a fire fest. Yeah. I don't dunno about Mike. Your mic's not on, but you got a Fire fest. Classic memes taking away your first amendment. Mees. Well that's because Hank, one of my fire fests was Hank. We had two. This is one of the biggest weeks. Should be one of the biggest weeks in numbers for, for, Pardon My Take. Monday's show had to be taken down 'cause Hank was breathing too heavy in the mic. Wednesday show was taken down because someone had a GUN on the show. Hopefully this doesn't get age restricted again, but Yes. Which, I mean, if we're gonna have one taken down, having it be savvi with a revolver I think is a pretty good reason. Yeah. I'm willing to make that short-term sacrifice. Yeah, that kinda age restricted.


So that was why you had to log in to watch us on Wednesday show. But let's Not, it wasn't Hank's, Hank was just existing. He was just Existing. You were just breathing like you normally Breathing. Does he have a mic now? What? Why, why are you looking at me like this? I'm just, I'm wondering if you're gonna let me fall on the sword or not. Are you gonna turn on Hank's mic? I didn't show the gun. He knows I didn't show the gun. You can't say the G word. What? What about Monday show? He's talking about Mondays. I feel like Hank's still not on. He's very low. He's very low. Can't get your tongue. Hey, memes is trying to silence Hank. That's what they're doing. You can't exist. That's what I'm saying, Hank, for the first time ever I agree with you. They're trying to stop you from existing. I got your back. No, but when Hank's looking at them, he's waiting for them to apologize for not taking Hank's breathing out.


So now we have a, a stare down going on between Hank and the booth. The podcast, whatever. I took the breathing out. Okay. Hank of the podcast. I mean, I can't, why is my son on? Why is his mic not On? There's a, or this fucking thing sucks. It breaks every time. We Keep all this in. I've talked to, I've talked to Pete about it and then he just starts saying a bunch of words. Oh, Pete's super busy getting on more dogs. Yeah. He starts saying a bunch of words that I don't understand what they fucking mean. Yeah. We're not the smartest people. Pete's fault. Oh, there it is. I feel like I just heard Hank I know Pete's over here using three syllable words. Memes also just not talking to a mike either.


Memes just keeps saying I got it. But he's not saying it into a mic. This is some good stuff. Number one sports podcast for a reason, folks. I fixed it. All right. There it is. I fixed it. All right, Hank. Yeah, a lot just happened. Care to address? No, I mean, I, I, the, the breathing thing, like I was a little sick so I was breathing loud. But also, like, if I'm talking for 5% of the episode, I don't think you need to have my mic on the whole time. That's, that's neither here nor there. That's a fair point. Max, cut it outta the podcast. Didn't get cut outta the video. Max probably could have told the person who edits the video to to cut it outta the video like he did. But that's Fine. Mm. Hank's not allowed to breathe. That was so now would Max would normally be very happy if you weren't breathing? Is it Max Max's fault or Pugs fault?


Or is it your fault because you're technically in charge of all of them? Well, yeah, that's where it's like, I I it all falls on me. No, it all falls on me. But you just said the podcast was fine and said nothing about the, like you didn't take anything. I I Know, I know. Hank, we've already had this conversation. Pugs do have very How many times, times are we're gonna have this conversation. Pugs do have very labored breathing processes. Yeah, that's true. A little snout nose. But yeah, that was, that was a tough, tough wake up Monday morning. And I think and also crazy that it was like the, there was really loud breathing and it wasn't me or Max. Like that's huge. Huge for us. Yeah. Huge for us. Because like, that's like a far, whenever there's a fart on the podcast, you're like, well, you know, Big Cat or Max, that was big win for us.


Hank was the one who's breathing with his mouth way too hard. No, I just, my nose was stuffy. So when it, like, it sounded, it was, it was, it was a vocal. Vocal breathe. Okay. My fire fest, which I've, I've gotten over in the past 24 hours. But in hindsight it was just 2020. I should have vetoed the nine Darter. Yeah. And I didn't. And now I am going to deal with the consequences of my own action. And I feel bad for, for the booth. 'cause they're also gonna have to deal with it. 'cause I'm just gonna be living at this office forever. I think So I I've seen you tweeting about it a lot. And people, I I also having people like you're bitching, bitching, bitching.


I, I, I, No he hasn't. I tweeted, I threw darts, I'm in trouble. And that was it. Yeah. No, you haven't been bitching. I have something to say. We as a, as a community here, we gotta stop freaking out when one person says that we're bitching about something and just, we just gotta do it. I agree. Wait, who are you freaking out about? Is that not how Fucking this fireplace? I know. Well people, people bitch and then everyone gets freaks out about it. Let people bitch pe People are gonna bitch about everything. Yes. It doesn't matter. People are gonna bitch Hank. I do. I do remember. It is funny that it all goes back to the dunk because you should have just taken marathon, but you couldn't, I didn't.


It wasn't an Option to take. That's the other thing. You had a veto. I Had a veto, but that doesn't mean I would've gotten marathon. Okay. That was the one reason you said you didn't use the veto. Yeah, I know, I know. So it does all go back to The dunk. So wait, didn't, didn't you suggest putting the nine darter in there? No, that was fucking, that was me dumbass over there. We said so much. We said so much shit. I like Big Cat knew exactly who he was talking about today. Some ass over there. He Wasn't talking about memes. Toma. We're not even talking about the eagles. And we're and And we're fired up. Birds. It's Been a long week. Birds listen. No. Alright, let's just, let's just reset. Hank you are, you're, you've done some work in the last 24 hours. You're gonna be here for a long time. But you've also, it sounds like you've made peace with the fact that you're just gonna have to do it.


Yeah. So my, I feel, and it's, it's Eventually you're gonna be close enough that you'll just be able to put it in. Yeah. And I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm I'm gonna go through it all. I just am concerned that at a certain point my arm is gonna get like to a point where I can't throw and then I don't know what I'm gonna do on stream. Right. And then people are gonna be like, throw darts. But I'm gonna be like, like, you know, Have you thought about getting, getting a blow gun and and shooting darts With a blow gun? Oh, good idea. No, that's, that's a good idea though. Yeah, that's a really good idea. You gotta get a blow gun. That's a Good idea. Yeah. I mean, it's gonna suck. I I I didn't like that professional darter who quote treated you and was like, I've been playing darts my whole life and I've only done this twice.


That, that felt, you didn't need to say that dude. Well, He was definitely talking about a full nine darter. Yeah, I know, but still like that's, well No, that's where 180 is also extremely, I've gotten a lot of people that are like, I play darts every week. I've played darts every week for 20 years. I've gotten 180 like twice. Yeah. And these are people that are, you know, significantly better darts played Blow dart is a really good idea. Blow gun maybe. Does, is there like a dart gun? Yeah. Like The blow dart gun is one thing, but like a, a Nerf style trigger or would that get taken down from YouTube? I Don't know. Not if sta he's not holding it. When Stave holds a gun, do you think it's gonna be used? Yeah. You, I think you need to get a blow.


I think you need to figure out a blow dart. Okay. 'cause that would be a good, because that will be still very difficult And it adds probably a couple feet closer. Right. And we know that you've got some really good lungs with breathing through your mouth. Monday show you got this, the marathon though. That was, that's a just 'cause you thought you were gonna dunk and then you didn't dunk. It's funny to also think that the marathon would've been the much easier choice. It would've. 'cause he could've, he could've jogged lightly jogged it walked a little bit. It would've taken like seven hours at worst. Yeah, Yeah. No, that was, again, hindsight's 2020. I'm dumb as fuck. And this is just, you know, added to the long list of examples of me being an idiot.


It'll be good content though. I'll stop by for a little, I'll stop by by. Yeah. We're You'll have buddies. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, Michael Van. Oh, Michael Van. Yeah. Get to get that Going. But yeah, we'll be live until the game start on Sunday and then back again Monday if Back again. I'm not done. Okay. All right. I'll be staying at the office. PFT. My fire fest of the week happened last night. I accidentally went live on the part of my take twitch for about a half hour by mistake. Okay. So I was trying to record myself flying from Washington DC from Dulles Airport in Northern Virginia up to Washington or up to Philadelphia to do a fly by for the Eagles commanders game at Lincoln Financial Field.


I downloaded Microsoft Flight Simulator. I, I hopped in my F 18, I buzzed the Tower of the Commander's facility. Flew all the way up, which is, by the way, a pretty boring game to play. I think you just, like, you get up to altitude and then you just kind of cruise there for a while. Yep. So I was just trying to do a fly as opposed to other Fly flight simulators. Yeah, combat simulators. Is there always dog fighting? Yeah. When you're dog fighting, that's when it rocks. But this is just, you fly up in the air and the object is to not inflict violence on people. So, so I'm flying up to Philadelphia. I think I'm recording it on OBS on my computer, which is the program that we use to stream on Twitch. And instead of clicking the button that says start recording, I accidentally clicked the button that says start streaming.


Ah. And I had no sound, no volume for real. So I was in turn kind of fucking with the chat because they were all like, no sound, no Volume, no Sound. Yeah. Yeah. But I didn't know I was streaming. I, I do this for about 25 minutes and then I quit 'cause I crashed twice. And then I go back to OBS and I'm like, oh shit. It says Start, it says Stop streaming, not stop recording. So I click stop recording and I immediately call Hank. I'm like, Hey, Hank, my bad, can you delete this from our Twitch account? And then, but before Hank did that, I went back and I watched it and I just saw all the comments coming in that were just like, no sound, but for real, like honestly no sound. So they didn't know if I was fucking with them or what was going on. But yeah, it was just complete mistake that I made by clicking that button, which is right next to the start recording button.


But I think it was pretty elec. It was a pretty electric stream. I did a inverted fly by through Lincoln Financial Field, like about 20 feet above the, the bleachers and it, but you crashed. I crashed not, not into Lincoln Financial Field, which credit to me, I thought I was just playing on my own. I could've just steered that motherfucker right into the stands and then I would've been caught in 4K. But no, I, I crashed like maybe two seconds after I got right past Lincoln Financial Field. So in the lot. Yeah. Yeah. I cr Well how many Eagles fans did you kill? It was people that live within a quarter mile of the stadium. So I think probably seven or eight. Seven Probably my brother. Yeah. Probably. I killed Max's brother on stream last night.


But yeah, that was, I I, I just didn't know what was going on when I was like, oh shit, have, have I been streaming this entire time? So my bad, if you tuned into the part of my take Twitch last night and get a push notification, Scary phone call to get. 'cause you don't know when you're like, I, I was accidentally streaming on the part of my take Twitch. It's like uhoh streaming. What? Yeah, I'm Shannon Sharp. Except when Shannon Sharps then goes off. He's not doing a flight simulator at 9:00 PM on a weekday night. Your life is cool too. Yeah, it is. But it was fun. It was, it was fun being able to, to do like a super low al dude Microsoft flight simulator. Not that fun of a game in terms of actually flying everywhere, but they've got like a real 3D representation of the earth. Yeah. So they had everything. You could see like the ex, I could see Xfinity Live almost drove into that.


So Max, you know that even when I think no one's watching, I'm not crashing planes into your stadium. Yeah. You just didn't do a successful flyover. Oh, I did two successful flyovers and then I crashed. So two outta three. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. You think it's bad vibes? I mean, it's not a great omen. Probably not. I think Especially when you weren't trying to show people this, you were trying to do this in secret. Yeah, I was trying to be Well, yeah, recording. Well and Record would not have shown the crashes if you weren't streaming. Oh, oh Yeah. I never crash on stream when I'm flying in the simulator. Ever. Well, not over the, I mean, fly over. Yeah. At least I didn't get shot down. That's True. That've been way worse. Max's brother shot you down. Yeah.


Alright. My fire fest is, so I, I, I think I said this, this is why I missed the commander's lines game. And my wife was out town, so I was, I was solo doubting for the majority of the weekend and then Monday as well. And it's essentially like, the best way I to describe it is, is being a backup quarterback. And you get in for a driver or two and you're like, all right, I can do this, I can do this. And then if you have to stay in for longer than that, everyone's like, oh shit, Mike White might not be the guy. That kind of thing. But I thought I did an okay job. I missed giving Stella her medicine like maybe two days in a row. Then I doubled up. So we're fine. But I likened it to the office episode when Dwight gets fired and all the plants die.


So I did okay. We, we, you know, it was a lot of like, I'd tell my oldest like, Hey, I need your help. A lot of pep talks, a lot of, lot of eating cereal for dinner, all that shit. Then my wife did come home and it turns out I do have plants in my house and I didn't water any of 'em. Mm. I had no idea. Yeah. I had, if you had asked me if I had plants, I would've been like, no fucking way. That's a detail I've never paid attention to. So They have these plants now that have these bains at the top that are like the thing that you leave for your cat. Yeah. When you go outta town where it like meters it out, you fill up the top Bain and then it just slowly, I need that releases. I need that. Yeah. They're awesome. Yeah. The plants never die. So it was just, yeah, it was, I I would say I, I I probably didn't win the game, but I, I didn't look like I was, I don't know what quarterback, like I wasn't Tim Boyle.


Yeah. But if you were to pick one thing in your house to forget to give water to, I think the plants are probably the one that you'd Circle. I also forgot about the Stella medicine. So the Stella medicine put the, the water. The water. I also, my, I was oh, for three on dressing my daughter. Every single time I'd dress her and she'd be like, I don't like this. And then she'd just go dress herself. It's like, all right, that's fine. Yeah. Where, where would you wanna wear? Yeah. Yeah. She was like, I put her in, I put her, the one that hurt was I put her in a badger shirt and she goes, this isn't beautiful. And then she put on a dress and I was like, damn. It was Bucky on it. Bucky was on it. Damn. So didn't, but we're, we're back. We're back. Yeah. It's a, it's a, I'm not a starter, I'm a backup. Yeah. But I'm a backup for those, For those scripted plays.


You look pretty good. Yeah. Right. Like for a couple drives. I can do it for a night here, night there, but, you know, but when it's, when it's an extended, this was like me having to, the, the starter went out for, for three weeks of the season and I had to, we didn't, we didn't go 500. It Is true. 'cause if it was like for one meal, then yeah. Then all the fans would be like, he should get more minutes. Yeah. He made an incredible mac and cheese. He Might be the guy. Did I make an incredible mac and cheese on the third day that we had mac and cheese? Did, did you know when we had bagel bites for lunch and dinner? Were people like, Hey, can this guy only throw right? Yeah, probably. But we survived. Okay. Numbers three.


Ooh. 11, nine. Where are the boys? Nine. What number do I want? Five. What number? Here come the boys. Here come. The boys, Boys are all going low today. What number Do I went? Three. I'll go 31. 31. Shout out Aaron. Glenn. Okay. Pug. 99 Pug Pug. By the way, can you hear me? Pug Max threw you under the bus about the mouth breathing thing. What the fuck? What, what Max? What'd He say? You threw me under the bus. That's not true. That, I mean, pug Hank is just Hank Why did, why was Hank thrown in there?


Hank is just what? I'm bird gang. I see. That is bullshit. All right. All right. Pug, what's your number? 99 Birds. Pug. Pug. Go Sha Shane. Jack 45. Wait, give give Jack the headphones now. What? Jack, Jack, Jack texted me 'cause he, I had to do a video this morning and he, he, he started to text. Good morning, Big Cat. That was weird, right? That's a weird start to a text. It was warning, it was too formal. We Have a real problem with Jack on the text thread because it happened one time before, and ever since then, every single time he hits us up with a favor.


I think it's Jack McCarthy. Yeah, I do Every time. And I want, I don't want, I want do your favors. I don't wanna do Jack McCarthy's Page. That, that's probably on my end. I need to change your name to like Jack Good. Yeah. The good one. But good. Nothing wrong with good morning. I don't on a text. Yeah. No, no. I think that's too formal. Don't, I don't need a good morning. It just started. It's, it's, that's, I won't, I won't send Good morning. All right. I appreciate it. Let's just get right to the chase. 'cause I know you got a job to do. I got a job to do. It wasn't a good morning either. I woke up at five in the morning. I, I've been awake for fucking 10 hours. Okay. What's your number, Jack? 45. 45 Shane? 21. I don't remember any of these.


9 5 31 Darter. 69. Oh 69 Eagles are actually the smartest animal. Love you guys.