
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, football is back and we are ready to roll. We're gonna talk about Thursday Night Football, the opening game. We have Paul Skeens Pirates pitching Phenom on the show in studio. We are going to preview every single game for Sunday. Fantasy Fuccbois Boys is back. We got some picks for you. We're gonna do Fire Fest. It's a football Friday.


It's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings NF NFL. Week one is here, and a new season means new ways to get in on the action of DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner. The NFL fans have spoken. We want to bet on touchdowns. So DraftKings hurt us and is delivering DraftKings. Sportsbook is the number one place to bet touchdowns. We're gonna have a touchdown parlay coming up. So ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new DraftKings customers bet. Five bucks to get two 50 in. Bonus bets instantly. Plus one month of NFL plus premium on us. Download the DraftKings Sports for cap use code take. That's code take for new customers to get two 50 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


Okay, let's go. Hey, football guy. K. Yeah.


Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get two 50 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Friday, September 6th and god dammit, the Chiefs did it again. Football is a game of inch. Oh, it was, it was a sloppy game. It was the classic NFL. We have a new rule that we don't tell anyone about that we're going to, you know, strictly enforce, kind of only for one side of the ravens and, and make the game as clunky as possible. But the game persevered and we had an all time ending with the Ravens almost winning or almost tying, or they were gonna go for two. But Isaiah likely, who is a dog, absolute dog, thought his shoulder was separated on two plays before.


I think what happened was he landed on it, I think it dislocated, they popped it back in and he was like, let me back in the game dog. 'cause he was Yeah. Killing people in blocks over a hundred yards receiving. But his toe is just a little bit too big. And the Chiefs, they did it again. They start the season, they're one and oh, they looked good. Xavier worthy. Well, that's the thing is they've got, they got a guy that's gonna be a problem for everybody. I'm gonna, and we said it on draft night, we were like, how did the bills let this happen? Yeah. I'm Keon Coleman better be really good. He Better be better. He better score three touchdowns Because Xavier worthy is incredible and they just have so much speed yet again, And, it feels like, And Pacheco And Pacheco and who never gives up.


He Never gives up tackling. It's like tackling a, a pillowcase filled with elbows. Yeah. It's just like he doesn't stop running. He'll just hit you. He doesn't appear to be the biggest guy in the world. He doesn't get tired. They do a good job of of saving him too. Yeah. Like the first half a lot. They won't run Pacheco that much and then that's Pacheco time. Yeah, He was, he was a monster. And yeah, the Chiefs, I mean they, it looks like what we thought going into the season, but it, it proved true tonight. And I, the Ravens made a ton of mistakes, but it looks like the Chiefs might like that was better than what we saw regular season chiefs in terms of their offensive weapons. Yeah. Like remember last year when the first three months of the season, it was like, does Patrick Mahomes have anyone to throw to?


Yeah. Does he, does he like anybody in the locker room? Yeah, it was, it's crazy thinking that they upgraded, they went from Caius Tony to Xavier worthy. It's like they played all last season with a lead batting donut and now they're up at the plate and they can actually swing it's nuts. That was some Good coward right There. You like that? Yeah. You like that analogy? Yeah. Yeah. I think it's true though. Yeah. No, you're right. You're right. They played on expert mode last year. Yes. And now they're like, okay, I'm just gonna chill. I'm gonna smoke a little weed and let's just put it on like rookie. Yeah. We proved to everyone we can win the hard way. Let's just go back to doing it the easy way. Now I do think the Ravens, I mean, that was as sloppy as sloppy gets for the Ravens because they look like they hadn't practiced. They were getting delay a game every single time. They were getting, I don't know if the calls were coming in late, but the Lamar was snapping the ball with One second left.


He was missing big throws. They ran their field goal team out on the field, then brought him back out. They Also, they also did last year, a FC championship game. Like, hey, if the Ravens just run the ball, they win this game. They come out first quarter, they ran it a little and then it felt like it was just for that, the middle two quarters was just a flurry of Zay flowers. Like three yard screens. Yeah. Well, what, and having their offensive line never get to go forward and start like trying to lean on the Chiefs. What happened was they, they found out pretty early on that they couldn't run the ball up the middle that well. Yeah. And so after that they, they tried some stuff on the outside, some like pitches, some reverses, and tried to work the outside edges on him.


And then that worked a little bit. And then they just never went back to even trying, you gotta establish the run. And Lamar was great. I mean, Lamar was great running the ball. He, he missed like a couple to, there was a, I mean, he missed the guy before the likely out of bounds play. The second to last play. I don't know who that was in the middle of the field. He missed, there was that back to back plays where he missed someone deep and then missed them on the sideline. I just, yeah, It was great. It was great. It was a great game. It was a crazy game. There's two things to know about football. One, you have to establish the run, and two, you have to run the damn ball. And three, You gotta lean on him. Missed it either. And then Yeah. Lean on 'em. Yeah. Get your boys going downhill. But it wa it was one of those situations where it felt like the, the offensive line for the Ravens had no chance to go forward for a good portion of the game where it was just they were blocking forever for Lamar or they were trying to block in space on the outside.


It's Also hard to go forward when you line up like a yard off the lion of scrimmage, which again, we saw refs in this exact game, or it was the Lions last year, but it was Lions Chiefs in week one. You saw guys lined up way deeper at tackle that they weren't flagging at all. Yeah. This was a secret point of emphasis to call illegal formation. And now I don't even think that the refs are gonna have to call it for the rest of week one. One they won't. Like, sometimes they call it week one for everybody. They set such a tone calling the illegal formation that I don't think they're gonna have to call it down the line. And there was, I felt like three quarters of the time that they showed Harbaugh on the sidelines, he had that look on his face. The look that he gets with, it's like he found out that his son got like, locked up in jail. He's like, what the, what the fuck's going on?


It wa it was just like he was, he seemed like he was befuddled. The Ravens didn't Well the Ravens, they were Well, Raven. Yeah. The Ravens were like discombobulated pretty much it. Yeah. Every single offensive possession. Even the ones that worked felt like they never were, there was never smoothness to him. I guess their first drive was nice, but there's never a smoothness to their offense. It always felt erratic and weird and play, like I said, plays coming in late. Yeah. Yeah. Lamar did look faster though now that he is minus 20 pounds. And I, I was trying to think how Lamar lost 20 pounds. It was right in front of her face this entire time. He just had diarrhea. Oh Yeah, For sure. So that's just, that's just butt weight that he got rid of. Yeah. Yeah. So still like, as, as much as some of that game was frustrating to watch because it did feel right off the bat that the refs were like, Hey, we're everyone's here to watch us.


Still the best. It's awesome. Still the best. I mean, that end of the game was, was electric. I was so happy watching football tonight. I, I tell myself that like I, I can get through the off season and that I enjoy watching these other sports a lot, which I do. But then when football hits, it's like daddy's home. It's a Drug. Yeah. Daddy's home. It's like, I need it. And we get more tomorrow and we get more all weekend. Also, Taylor Swift looked good. Yeah, I thought so. Liked her boots. Yep. Like those are good boots. Really good boots. Said Boots with a T. Yeah. B-O-O-T-S look good. Yeah. Travis has the mustache. He's looking good. Haircut. A lot of people looking good.


Yeah. Everyone, A lot of guys looking good. A lot of girls looking Good. Harrison Bucker look good. Yeah, he looked good. He was hitting bombs. Justin Tucker might be washed. Yeah. Can't hit 50 yarders anymore. Bucker Is making some good points. Yeah. He, Steve, listen, he was hitting some, some bombs. I, I don't think we've ever done it. Should we do a Thursday night game ball? I have, I have somebody that I would like to give the Thursday night game ball to Taylor Swift. No. Oh no. Cro J Yeah. Rocky JI knew that we knew Carson Steele was gonna be a star. I didn't think that they were going to put him like front and center in the week one broadcast. But God, I love Croy J Yeah. What's not to love Mack Legend. And maybe the cool, well, what's funny, he went from the Mack to UCLA.


Right? He went Ball State UCLA. He should have gone UCLA to ball state. Yeah. That would've made him a lot cooler. Yeah. He's Got a all time football guy name. Yeah. He owns a crocodile. He's by far the coolest Carson on that team. Who's the other Carson? Don't. Carson don't, we don't wanna talk about that. Oh yeah. Carson went is on that team. Carson went is on that team. Yeah. I saw the side of his face tonight. And. it should have been rated TVMA. He should have warned me before. It should blur out his face on the sideline. I Also learned something tonight. I, I think I knew it, but I just didn't ever really piece it together. But that woman with the puppets, she, she's like a 30 year legend. I had some Chiefs fans being like, you don't know bald. It's like, yeah. I, I don't know Your celebrity fans. Yeah, but she rocks. Well I know one Celebr, I know one celebrity fan of the Chiefs Chiefs.


Unfortunately 17 years. 17 and a half years in prison. Federal prison. Do you think He watched tonight? Well, it's in Kansas, so it's the same place that Mike Vick went for the, for the Leavenworth puppy issue. Yeah. It's Really bad when you know the names of the town where the federal prison is. Yeah. There Leavenworth. And then there's one in the Rockies. I'm trying to remember. It's the one that, that's the Max Supermax El Chapo's at El Chapo. And the Unibomber. Yeah. Leavenworth is not, cars not Going. Carson Wind should go too. Yeah. When you know Leavenworth. But he's Chief Aholic is requesting to be transferred to Illinois. Oh. To whatever federal prisons up here. Maybe Chief Aholic was the magic behind the Chief's run. And maybe he moves to Illinois and then the Bears go in a little run. That Would be nice.


That would be nice. But yeah, 17 years. Okay. Anything else before we do our game preview. So we taped that earlier. Let's kick it to ourselves for the weekend preview.


Okay. Before we get to the weekend preview, we're brought to you by our friends at Gametime. The new Gametime picks feature is awesome and football season is here and we can't wait to get out to some games this fall. With the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports, you know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime picks feature. They're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. We're looking at tickets for this weekend. There's so many good football games. I'll be in Ann Arbor for Michigan, Texas. We got NFL all Sunday. So just pull up your chosen event and turn on the GT picks setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? We're gonna buy some tickets this weekend. I'm gonna go to the Ann Arbor and I'm gonna buy those Michigan Texas tickets. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals with the new Gametime picks. Also, we're doing a scavenger hunt. If you're listening to this on Friday morning, there will be a scavenger hunt for some Bears tickets going on throughout the city of Chicago. So tune into all of our socials and we'll have some Gametime picks going on for there. So what time is it Gametime?


We're also brought to you by our friends at Paramount Plus listen up. AWS football season is, is officially back in Paramount Plus is once again your home to stream the NFL on CBS all season long. That's right. You can stream your live local CBS game on Paramount Plus every week all the way through the A FC championship. Don't miss a must see week two matchup as Patrick Mahomes. Travis Kel in the two time defending Super Bowl champs. Lead head to LA to take on Coach Harbaugh and the Chargers in the national game. Your Paramount Plus subscription also unlocks an all access pass to 24 7 NFL content all week long. Get up up to the minute news and updates on CBS Sports HQ and make sure your fantasy team that nobody else cares about is ready for victory with fantasy football today. And so much more. Real football guys and gals know you only have a certain amount of football games left in your life and you don't wanna miss any of the actions. So sign up now. Sign into Paramount Plus today and stream the NFL on CBS all season long at home or on the go. That's the big part on the Go If. you are traveling at all on a Sunday. You need Paramount plus commit, not miss any games while they're on your phone. Paramount Plus plan starts at just two 50 a month for 12 months. Terms and conditions apply.


Okay boys, we've made it week one. Yes. Here we go. Yes. I love the order that comes along in the football season. It really puts your life into a a, a routine. Correct. The routine is watch the news and read articles on Monday. If your team wins on Tuesday, that's when you watch the sports clips and all the debate shows. Read the articles. If your team loses, then on Wednesday you think about what's gonna happen on Thursday, what your bet's gonna be. Then on Thursday you forget to update your fantasy team. Then on Friday you make plans for Saturday. Saturday you make plans for Sunday. Sunday watch football. And then Monday the cycle repeats itself. I was gonna say it's as simple to me as that. Just every week has a a just big dangling carrot at the end.


Yeah. I'm just excited about every single weekend. And for someone who doesn't really have a social life, father of three, all that shit every weekend now has importance to me. Well, you know what else happens during football season? Thursday becomes Friday, you got a new Friday. Every week is basically a four day week. And When Ion comes back, Tuesday is Friday And Yeah. And already you've got Monday, which is already Friday. No, Monday's Sunday now Monday is, Monday is just like a beautiful come down that you just Yeah. I love Monday Night Football. Just a reminder for any new listeners. Max doesn't watch Monday Night Football. I love Monday Night Football. That's Yeah. Yeah. No, you do. You don't watch Monet football. Remember that? Max doesn't watch Football. Well I forgot about that. Yeah. Max does not watch Monet football because he says there's just too much football and he doesn't, it's insane.


He's like a, he's like a porn star that won't have sex. Can you imagine that? Hank? Can you imagine one of our producers on this show saying they would skip an entire day of football? Crazy. Insane. Crazy. It's, it's Nuts. Not us. But yeah, you got, we watch every second of it. Every second. Thursday becomes Friday. Friday's still Friday. Saturday is Friday. Sunday becomes Saturday. Monday becomes Sunday. It's such a beautiful time of Year. And we're back. Alright, so like every year we're gonna go through every single game. Little preview. Then we're gonna do our picks. All five of us. Oh, Hank's already dreading the picks. No, no, no, no, no, no. It's back in there. I had a Funny thought. So what's the, what's, what's the punishment this year? I don't know. We gotta figure it out. It should be Super Bowl, new Orleans related.


Yeah, it's A perfect game Pitch. A perfect game In what? MLB. MLB. Okay. It should be Super Bowl, new Orleans Related, related New Orleans known for their MLB baseball. Yep. 70 yard field Goal. 70 yard field goal. Okay. You're just spit balling here. You're confident He's upset about the nine darter. Yeah, he's upset about the nine Darter. But you could lose this too, Hank. Yeah. So I'm trying to Yeah, equal expectation. And are You, well, Hank, You're also the one that said that you were gonna set yourself up to be able to dunk. So you're really making impossible challenges for yourself too. I will dunk. What's Harder dunking for you? Or throwing a nine Darter. The nine Darter. That's impossible.


Dunking is half. I Think you'll be able to do the nine darter within three days Dunking. It's taken three years. Still not there. Still Not there. Alright. Well maybe AWS can help us out. We, we need a punishment for last place. And are we doing second place? It's a little bit different now 'cause there's only five of us. So second place. I feel like it'd just be a last place punishment. What about last place and then second to last gets the equivalent of what the second place was. Where it's like the punishment, but just like, kind of half of it. Or what about last place and second place gets a prize? First place doesn't. Yeah, Because 'cause then it keeps it competitive. What if, What if it's some sort of a hat situation, but it's not a hat.


First place gets to pick which punishment last place has to do Or second place does? No, no. First place gets to choose. Oh, which punishment last place has to do based off of like four options. Mm. Okay. Depending On who it is. But second place gets nothing. I like the second place just because it keeps steak knives. Well it keeps everyone in it because you know. Yeah. They like, if someone runs away with it and someone falls really behind, there's nothing left second place. The odds are If. you have a second and fifth place. There will always be content coming at the end. First place gets to determine which event the second place person has to do and which person, which event the last place person has to do. Okay. Okay. And we need, we need the punishment.


So AWS let us know maybe something we can stream in New Orleans. Wrestling and alligator. Yeah. Wrestling Alligator's Not bad. No. No. Max Spending an entire week with Mincy in New Orleans. Shadowing Mincy. 24 hours on Bourbon Street. Shadowing Mincy for five days, 24 Hours on Bourbon Street. Can't go to sleep. Just go homeless for a day. Yeah, That sounds just Get drunk. Yeah. but it would fuck you up for, yeah. Super Bowl. I like the idea of of staying in like an Airbnb with Mincy and like eating all your meals with them. Yeah. Oh my God. Like Hour by hour reporting on what Mincy does. Yours understudy for a week.


That's, I think that's a good one. That Is not a bad one. New Orleans Second Place has to eat only jumble eye all week. I could tell Big Cat didn't like it because he just, he moved on from it. But that's just Because No, No, but that's just because you really don't want to do it. No, it has nothing to do with that. It's more that I don't wanna pay for Mitzi to go to like, we're basically giving. You don't think he's gonna be there? He's gonna No, he's gonna be there on his own dime. But like, we're basically giving him like his best content idea ever. And he doesn't have to do anything. He just gets a free place. That's His, that best content. I Know, but I, I've been trying to wean myself off that. Well how about we do none of that during the season? Good Content's, good content. Yeah, it's good point. Hank. Yeah. Listen, it's gonna be you Hank.


Yeah, Probably. Yeah. Seriously. Did I lose Lot this last year? But Hank's just gonna go to sleep the whole time. Yeah. You did Lose. Seriously. Last. Serious. Hank, are you serious? You did Stand up? Yeah. Are you okay? You just memory hold that you well no, I Just love, I I have lost so many of these. I forget which thing is for which thing. Yeah. But I assumed it was. Yeah. Yeah. You're also, you're on a sugar rush right now from Uncrustables. Yeah. Your brain. You're, you're It's two of them overdosing on Uncrustable. Alright, We'll figure it out. Show send us any ideas, anything fun we could do. But we'll figure it out. We'll have something fun. Okay. We're ready to get into it. Boys. What about get A cat? Cat? We haven't done that one in a while. Yeah, that's true.


I'm allergic to cats. So That's better content. That's just life. Yeah. I mean, it would be funny, If, you had to get a cat max and you're allergic. A hyper Alexander, Would you get a cat? Yeah. I mean, I'm sure my kids would like a cat. It would ruin my life. But I would get a cat. I'd just put it just, I put it in a room with Blake And so pumped About it. See what happens. I don't know. Would you get a cat? I I'm a man of my word with all this stuff. I How about no golfing for last place for an entire year? Oh no. That would be brutal for me.


Yeah. Okay. That's the thing. You don't wanna recall. But then it's like once I, once I actually wanna work. You hate that too. Whatcha You talking about? I've, I've enjoyed you today. You, Do I came in, you were taking a nap and you had a couple Uncrustables. You said that you were mad that Mr. Pear was waking you up during your time. I didn't say that. You said he is making noise. I said no, you can Power through like the whole time. Power through. How was the nap? It was good. I I, it was longer than I expected. So I woke up kind of like in a, in a funk. Oh no. He Slept too much. It was 60. It was 60 minutes. Relax, 60 minutes actually a bad nap time. That's What I'm saying. I've been here since 9:00 AM We're gonna be here till 12:00 PM I had three hours of, of yeah.


Nothingness. I You Need the, you need the, like the, the 15 thought was 15 minute thought was, yeah. Yeah. I thought someone was gonna come in and, and you know, wake me up. but it just never happened. I woke Up like, I like that now. Now he's mad at us for not waking him up early enough. Nah, I never said that. I hate it when you guys do this so much. Okay. Alright. We'll figure out a punishment. But we, we will do the picks after we preview every game. Let's start Packers Eagles. So Mr. P's gonna pick this game. Mr. P's gonna pick all standalone games this year and we'll see how he does from that. Packers at Eagles in Brazil, Eagles are minus two and a half over under is 49 and a half. Two new defensive coordinators in this game. I kind of like the over for that reason.


I also think they're all like trapped in their hotels. Right? Yeah. It's a lot of travel and it's weird. There's weird security protocols in place down there. They just don't want anything bad to happen. Did You see Darius Slayton had to clarify online that he's Darius Slayton because Darius slay, I guess on a podcast was like, fuck Brazil. Yeah. Not him. It's different Guys. So they're both there. This guy's weight. He's like, just so you guys know, I'm Slayton. This Guy's a thousand pounds heavier than Darius Slay. Yeah. So I, I don't know. I guess we'll ask Max, are you worried about this losing streak? 'cause you guys are on a bad streak. I don't care about, I mean, seven games in a row they've lost. but It they don't, they don't count from last year.


Oh No. Two year. If they lose this game's, eight games in a Row, there's zero and zero. If they lose this game, they're oh and one eight Games in a row. That Would be Oh and one. What? How do you think big, big Dom's gonna be able to handle the favelas down there? Yeah. Big Dom can handle anything. You know, that He could Your your dad. What if they throw a bunch of big fat asses at 'em? What? Oh What in Brazil? They got big Brazil. They got big fat asses. You know that? I know that. But Saquon is gonna fit right in. Yeah. What if they throw a bunch of those at him? Big Dom can handle anything. I thought I just said that. Anything. All right. So I was talking to Mark Titus about this yesterday. It seems like this is a good bet for Jalen Hertz to score a touchdown and instead the tush push, call it the Brazilian butt lift. Mm, I like that.


Yeah. Although they don't have Jason Kel, But they've got Saquon with a big ass. That's true. Yeah, That's true. I'm gonna take the Eagles in this game just because I hate the Packers, but I'm worried about the Packers. I'm Probably gonna do the exact opposite. I'm gonna take the Packers because the Eagles, because I hate the Eagles. Yeah, That's fair. But I'm worried about the Eagles. Yeah. Although if, if one of these teams has the ability to fall apart easy And which one would be funnier to see it fall apart? You can at least admit watching the Eagles just disintegrate. Which is funny. Oh, I would prefer the Packers. Yeah. But yeah, I, I think, I know we're gonna get to our touchdown picks later, but I do think that Jalen Hurts might have a big game.


'cause Jeff Ley, like there was, I was seeing a stat that that new defensive coordinators, especially against good offenses, like it takes a little bit of time. It's, it's good. It, it's a little bit, which you could say for both teams here, but Jeff, half the former coach of Boston College, he likes, he likes a little press man on the outside. Maybe. Maybe he gets some guys running right down the field. You got some fast guys. Max is Jalen Hurtz feeling okay? Yeah, he looks Good. Max is, is, I think he's, what he's doing, he is trying to stay removed from any Eagles discourse this year. Are you gonna overreact? No. I, you know, that's like the football starts. Everyone asks each other like, how you feeling about the team this year? How you feeling about the team this year?


How you feeling about the game tonight? How you feeling about the game tomorrow? I just keep telling myself, tomorrow's a weird game. It's in Brazil. They can't leave their hotels. Everyone is like not happy to be there. So I think that's on like both sides. So like, if the Eagles play really well and they dominate them, like I don't wanna overreact because it's a weird game. If they play really bad, And it get smoked. I don't wanna overreact because it's a weird game. But I'm gonna overreact the second that that cloud hits zero one way or the other. But I'm trying to tell myself it's a weird game and that it won't show what's gonna happen for the rest of the season. That's a fair point. It is a weird game. It's a game in Brazil on a Friday night. So you can, you have, it's easier to write that one off if it doesn't go your way than it would be like a home game on a Sunday.


Yeah. Right. And I agree with that mentality. I'm trying to tell myself that. but it, but my brain is saying that, but my heart is telling me, you're, You're gonna Overreact that, that I'm going to over. Yes. I think the safe money is on Max overreacting despite telling himself not to overreact. You Know what Max History has taught us. Anything. Why Don't you just embrace overreacting? It's one of the best things you can do as a fan. I like to overreact 'cause I like to feel something. It's not good for my health. I understand. Listen, at least I overreact a lot. I overreact as much as you do. I'm at 39, so you can maybe at least make it 12 more years. Yeah. That would be crazy though. If I dropped dead from overreacting like week two. Would you, would you guys change, you'd change your whole life Max.


You'd have to. I, I see. I would try to, but I don't think I would like, I think It's So you'd just be like, I'm gonna die at the same age. Yeah, it's in, it's in like, it would be the same thing like going after that. I would tell, my brain would be like, you can't, you gotta calm down. You can't care so much. You gotta, One day that's gonna be me and I'm, and I'm okay with That's gonna be, and then Jalen Hertz would fumble at on inside his own territory. And again, right, right away I would Overreact. I hope that doesn't happen again. Yeah. Okay. Next game. We're now into Sunday. What was the, what's the split we got how many games? I think that, I think It's a pretty good split. And they made a rule this year where it's gonna be a good split every week I think, right? Yeah. It Looks like eight and four I believe. If I'm, I'm if I'm reading it correctly.


So good split. First game I have on the list is Steelers, Falcons, Arthur Smith. Revenge game. Yeah. I mean the big question is how do you stop Bija Robinson And nobody knows how to do that better than Arthur Smith. That's true. It's been all last year doing it. Mike Tomlin has a dog. Mike Tomlin has a dog. I don't know if it's a Mike Tomlin game yet though. 'cause it's week one. I Just, anytime it's Mike Tomlin as a dog. I I did see that. Russy has got a, is a flare up in his calf. His Calf is tight. Sierra's been pegging him too. Good. Okay. Cramped that thing right up. So The problem is Russell Wilson already has limited mobility and now he might have If. you could actually, oh man. If, you had to do a bionic quarterback for every team.


So you had to pick like one teacher top half, bottom, half of each of each guy. Yeah. Like their quarterback room. I think the Steelers might have the best room So if you were to take like Justin Fields's Legs. Legs, yes. And Russell Wilson's arm. So Russell Wilson had his like mobility of a better mobility than a young w Russell Wilson when that was like a big part of his game. Yeah, that would be, that'd be a good quarterback. If. you put Russell Wilson's brain inside Justin Fields. Yeah, That'd be a good player. Yeah. Or his confidence. Yeah. But then he throwing over the middle. Russell Wilson doesn't like to do that. Hmm. We'll we'll workshop this. Okay. We'll figure out which we, which room has the best one Workshop?


Yeah, but I just, Mike Tomlin. That's all three and a half. It's, it's Atlanta minus three and a half right now. I'm excited to watch these falcons. It feels like it's been a long time since I've been excited to watch the Falcons play football. I think they're gonna be better. I think They will be Too. I have no idea what to expect from Kirk Cousins or Kyle Pitts or Kyle. Well, no, I do. What do you expect from cow pits? Not A lot. Okay. I expect more than that. I think, I don't know. I think cow pits might just be In theory. Yeah. He's really good. Right. In theory he's great In theory, But also in theory. He doesn't have Desmond Ritter throwing the ball this year. Correct. In Theory. In theory. In theory. Theoretically he should. A man his size and speed should be good.


Will we, if he doesn't have a good year, will we still be making excuses for him next Year? A hundred percent. Yeah. Yes. So that was, that's kind of where I'm at with Some team is gonna give up way too much if they try to like do a trade for him. Is he, is this the last year or? He is, he's on year three right now. Right? I think he's on year four. Is he year four already? I believe so. Kyle Pitts, I feel like has been in the league for, we've been doing the Kyle Pitts thing. They'll have to make a choice about his contract soon. I'm pretty sure it's year Three. It might be year three or To bet might be right. Yeah. So they have to make a choice about year five on his contract soon. But a team could trade. Nope. I was right. Year four. Oh is it? Yep. Okay. Well we'll see what happens. In theory, Kyle Pitt should have a breakout year In theory. Yep. In theory.


Okay. Cardinal's bill, very excited for this game. I think the Cardinal's offense is going to be very good this year. And also we have DeMar Hamlin back starting. He's starting. Yeah. Not just, not just running fake punts anymore. He's Starting. But I think the Cardinal's offense will be good. I don't think their defense gonna be good. I think they're gonna, I think they might be one of those really fun teams to watch. Like they're in that category where Yeah, they might not, you know, they might win seven, eight games, but they give us some great red zone late witching hour moments in, in all year long. We're like, yeah, that was fun. Yeah. Marvin Harrison Jr.


Seems like the kind of guy that is the quintessential, just like throw the ball in his direction kind of guy and he'll just bring it in no matter what. So they'll probably give you a, a heavy dose of him despite the fact you can't buy a Marvin Harrison Jr. Harrison Jr. Jersey. Correct. Because that lawsuit is ongoing and Fanatics just made a big mistake. They named Marvin Harrison Sr. In the lawsuit. So they're suing Marvin Harrison Sr. That Guy's got a gun. I didn't say that. I did. I'm just saying I'm, I stand with the Second Amendment. It's his right. If he does own a gun, it's his right to do. So. I stand with Marvin Harrison Sr. As I do on every single other subject involving Marvin Harrison For the record, That guy's got a gun.


Yeah. Apparently he signed his son, he signed his name on his son's contract. I hope they wouldn't notice. And then after the fact they're like, wait a second, this isn't junior. It says senior on it. I, I, I like, I like what Josh Allen is gonna have to do this year. I like the position it's put him in. Yeah. Where it's like he's gotta get it done. Obviously he's got some weapons at tight end. He's got a rookie Receiver. But it's, it's all relatively unknown. He knows going into the season that this is on him. The entire thing is, it's also The expectations are a little off for the bills. Where the last couple of years everyone's been like, Bill's Super Bowl. This is year, super team, all that stuff. It does feel like from a like storyline perspective, If, you ask someone, Hey, what about the bills?


Like, ah, they're kind of, they're, they're in a rebuild. They're in a Yeah. Reshaping their roster. I think it might, I think it might, they might be good. And this isn't bias. Like I think the, like Dalton Kincaid is very good. I think I love Khalil Shaki. I think Keon Coleman's gonna be good. I think they're gonna run the ball. I like the bills this year And they're gonna get some great content from Keon Coleman after he came too. Yeah. Yeah. I like the bills a lot this year too, because Josh has been in these places before where either going into a game, Stefan Diggs has been like his brother's put something weird out on Instagram that Josh Allen has somehow had to answer for. And he knows going into it like, okay, no one thinks that we're a team, no one thinks that we can pull it together. And then he goes out and he just like jumps over six linebackers. Right, right.


So I kinda like this Josh Allen. Yes. Okay, next up we've got the Titans and the Bears. Are you a little bit nervous? Yeah, I think it's a, it's, it's a can't lose Already. We won Maybe a must Win Loser Leaves Town. It's a must win in the fact that I will overreact. It's a must win for my own mentals. Yeah. I do think that people are overlooking the Titans a little bit. I think they're gonna be not a terrible team, but I, I mean, I I I'm picking the Bears. I'm very excited for this game. I actually feel bad for UPFD. I mentioned this a couple weeks ago. Like that you have to wait a whole slot. Yeah.


At Least you get it over your guy. I get it right away. Yeah. But yeah, I, I, I don't know, maybe it was just because I watched the ending of hard knocks like 75 times last night. But yeah, I'm ready for this season. I'm, I I think they're gonna win this game. Yeah. I I would expect that the Titans, they're the team that just added everybody else's players in the off season. They're, they're gonna look very, very different out there. And it's gonna take a couple weeks to remember. Oh yeah, that guy's on the Titans. Tony Pollard. Tony Pollard's on there. Luxurious Snead, Calvin Ridley On all on there. Yeah. Yeah. So they're gonna be a, a new look Titans and I mean, luxurious Snee is a legitimate great quarterback. Yeah. So he'll be able to take away maybe one out of your three weapons. The one thing I will say is starting the season with the Titans actually kind of similar to starting the season with the box, although you have Steven Shade to worry about.


It does feel like the Titans are one of those franchises. I have no ill will towards and I don't know how I would even get Ill will towards the Titans If Steven Cha rooted for The Titans. Yeah. Right. Like, there's nothing that could happen to me where I'd be like, oh man, fuck the Titans. I fucking hate the Titans. So that takes it down a little bit where like last year was week, week one was the Packers. You know what I mean? You don't have Like a terrible towel that they could stomp on. Yeah. Piss you off enough to hate the Titan. Right. There's no divisional opponent. So I I I, I feel I'm excited about this game. Yeah. It is nice. It's like inter conference, no real history of a rivalry there. It's like playing the Jaguars. Yeah. And I don't mean that as an offensive thing. It's just there's not, when you play an A FC team that's not been around for a really long time, you don't know anyone who roots for him.


I don't know. Yeah. You didn't, they never drafted a quarterback that you could have drafted. Right. That you got upset about. Right. There's no real bad blood there. Right. Exactly. I do like Romo Dunay in this game. I like r All season. He had A great quote yesterday. He said that he's mostly excited about the pregame flyover. 'cause he is a big, big fighter jet guy. Love that. Yeah. They got the growlers electronic warfare plane. Love That. Yeah. Okay. Henry. Yes. Patriots at Bengals. Bengals are minus eight and a half. I believe the over under is like 40 and a half now. All the way down to 40 and a half. Couple things for you. Henry one, Joey Chestnut is doing the halftime entertainment.


Whoa. He's going five V one in a bratwurst eating competition. He should have been eating Skyline Chili. Should have been eating Skyline Chili two. Can you eat one bite of Skyline Chili? Yeah. Fastest Bite. I mean, he's gonna win that by 20. Yeah, he's going five V one. I Don't think it matters though. No, it doesn't. Who's competing against five but five just normal guys. He can, what can he eat 60 bratwurst in 10 minutes? Yeah. He's going against five guys. Five guys can't eat 11 bratwurst Each. No chance. Also Dan Hurley is the ruler of the jungle for this Game. Whoa. What the fuck does that mean? Yeah, I said it. Well you want me to say it again? Why Dan Hurley is the ruler of the jungle for this game.


He's a diehard Bengals fan since birth. He's a, he. It's Have you ever seen pictures like I think we Talked to? No, that's kind of random. It's very random. We've talked to him about it. He's like, there's, every year I feel like there's a picture he posts of him and his family take him to a Bengals game. So he has been named the ruler of the jungle for this game. Wait. So They have a real jungle there? They Have a real jungle and they have a real ruler every single game. And he's the week one ruler of the jungle. Does that make you nervous? Has to, Has to. I didn't know they had a jungle. That's it. I mean it's a functioning legitimate real jungle. It's real jungle. Yeah. Real jungle. Classified as such. Yes. I don't know. I don't know what the classifications are. Correct. But it's kind of crazy that he's going up against the pa.


It seems like that was intentional. Right. Going up against New England and you have the Yukon coach there. Yeah. Although Connecticut, they probably Just do it and they probably just do it before college basketball starts. Yeah. Ruler of the jungle. Yeah. So you got Joey Chestnut and Dan Hurley in the building. Probably the two biggest alpha males you can have. Yeah. I'm not expecting much from this game, Dan. That'd be awesome. What if Dan Hurley was like, fuck it, I'll take him on. What If, what if he Dan Hurley chests. Yeah. Just goes down to the field and he's got his starting five from Yukon. Yeah. Or I think he could probably, I think Dan Hurley, if he just went like he blacked out, was just like, I'll fucking beat Joey Chestnut. He could. Yeah. I think this game's gonna be Yucky, yucky, Yucky, yucky.


Like blowout but not a blowout. I don't think it's gonna be a blowout. Yeah. It's gonna be like a 10 to 13 point blowout. I Don't even know about that. The Patriots defense might not be terrible. And Jamar Chase not practicing. T Higgins had the holdout for a while. I think the Bengals might have, they've all, they have started slow. I think it's gonna be a yucky game. I keep thinking that, that Jamar Chase is gonna get signed before this weekend. He'll take care of the contract before the week. He's done a hold in, not a hold out. So he's been like around and then he was reported to go to practice and Zach Taylor said, yeah, he's gonna practice. And then he didn't show up. And then later Zack Taylor was like, I'm just going to give you the boilerplate answer of it's done when it's done from now on. If I had to bet he's doing the same thing kind of that Brandon and Iuk did.


Yeah. Which is, which is genius by the way, the, the move that some of these guys are doing this off season, which is just saying like, I don't want to go to work for a month. I don't want to go to camp and so I'll hold out If, you give me a a 2% raise at the end of it. I don't have to go to camp. That's a great contract. Ex extension. Hank would actually, I've never held out. I'd Put it. No, you hold in. Yeah. You hold in. You quiet. Quit. Yeah. Hey Hank, you are the definition of a hold in when things are going poorly For you. Wait, I also don't think It Jamar Chase and Joe Burrow have, have played so much I together. I don't think it matters how, if he's not practicing with the team. Yeah. I Yes and no though. Like there's definitely just getting into, I mean we see it every single September.


Especially with the shortened, you know, not no two Aday, the shortened preseason. September football has not been the prettiest football. And IT Higgins, that's the part I don't understand about the Bengals. I feel like it was all about T Higgins. And then the minute T Higgins was like, I'll I'll show up. It was like, wait. Oh yeah. Also Jamar Chase. Yeah. Who's definitely better than T Higgins. Yeah. That's the real Issue. And they did lose Taj Taj Boyd. Yep. Tyler Boyd. That Taj Boyd. Tyler Boyd. Tyler Boyd. Tyler Boyd. Tyler Boyd. Tyler Boyd. I was, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, who's Taj Boyd? Taj Boyd's another guy. The Basketball player.


Taj Boyd. Why did I say Taj Boyd? No, Taj Boyd was the Clemson quarterback. Remember him? He was the one right before Deshaun. Yeah. He was like the last, oh, like Clemson sucks. Yep. Clemson can't win the big game. I think I like the Patriots cover. Big Boy. I do too. And it, I, it is not like, this is the same early season Bengals that we've seen the last couple years. 'cause one was like an appendix and then I forget what the other one was for, for Joe Burrow. Yeah. but it was his calf or something. Right? Yeah. But yeah, this is, I I don't, I feel like the defenses are just by and large better than the offenses this time of year. Yeah. Yeah. And it's just, I, yeah, I think it's gonna be a clunky game. How about Bill Belichick getting on Insta face? Huh?


I don't like it. Oh yeah, I was looking it up. I don't Like it at all. Hank Bill Belichick follows. Yep. What? I know what you're about to say. What, what was I about to say? You were gonna say who he Follows. Who does he follow? It's like Brady. He follows 12 people, Follows 12 people. Lot of N-F-L-N-F-L films. McAfee. But he follows both Peyton and Eli and Brady. No Patriots, no craft. I think there might be beef there Between Belichick and Craft. Do you Think so?


I I mean I'm What would, listen, I wasn't able to make a, a definitive statement on it until I fi figured out who he followed. Yeah. Belichick is, do you think he's running his own shit or do you think he's got somebody that's doing it for him? That would've been awesome. Probably someone from Omaha production since it's Peyton, Eli Omaha productions. I, that would've been awesome if he got Instagram and the And he followed craft and then unfollowed him just to unfollow him. Yeah. Bill Belichick has unfollowed Mr. Kraft and he follows his girlfriend. Does he? Yeah. I'm just gonna see who that is. It is Jordan Isabella. Oh, is she the entrepreneur philosopher? Correct. It says here she's 23. Correct. All Right. So Hank, you are so down that you don't even think you're gonna get blown out.


It's tough to say otherwise when it's a, you know, rookie coach and a a, a new team. I don't wanna confidently say that they're gonna be in this game before I watch 'em. That's a pretty reasonable thing to say. Are you gonna be watching? Yeah. Are you golfing on Sunday? No. Promise. Promise. Do you think it's gonna be fun watching the Patriots? No. All right. Okay. Alright. Next game. I have on my list Texans cults trivia time. The last time the cults have won a week one game.


Oh, is that Philip Rivers? 2017. 2013. Holy shit. They just lose week one. Yeah. I did not know that. It's crazy. I did not know that because I wanted to bet on the Colts this weekend. I do too. But I saw that and I was like, Nope. But they don't always play at home. Yeah, I know. This is, this does also feel The stadium. The stadium's different this year though. It is different. They don't have the, the banner for the a FC finalist up anymore. That's in our gym. They got the losers stink out of it. This Is the toughest game for me all. If I look totally up, up and down the board, I can give you a somewhat opinion on every game. This game is simply, it's either gonna be the biggest trap or the easiest bet.


I think it's the biggest trap. Yeah. That's like I, because Anthony Richardson could sway me either way. Anthony Richardson looked good last year in the first couple weeks. True. And people forgot about it because he got hurt so, so early on in the season. But the Texans man And the Texans look so good. Everyone's high on the Texans. I'm also high on the Texans, but I'm also high on the Cols. I'm not high on the Colts and I'm high on the Texans. Which makes you wanna take the cults? Figure that one out. Oh, I forgot. I still have col season tickets. Oh yeah. So we gotta give those away two season tickets. If. you own a Joe Flaco Colts jersey. Send me a picture of you wearing it. The tickets are yours done sent to PardonMyTake of my take? Or people probably don't have a Cols Geo Flaco jersey Yet.


Someone has to. What else? What else can we do? Submissions to part of You Have a Cols hat. A Colt's hat. Best Colts hat. Okay. Best Colts. I wanna, I wanna know what the, or Joe Flacco jersey or Joe F Fla. Joe Flacco jersey gets position a. Yeah, but If, you have the best If. you think you have the best Colts hat in Indianapolis? Prove it. If there are multiple Joe Flacco, cols jerseys Tiebreakers the hat. Yeah. Yep. Alright, so tag at PardonMyTake of my take. Yep. And send it in. Also include your TVs too. So memes can post as TVs. Again, I love memes.


TVs I do too. Memes. Memes is a star now. Yeah, he's gonna leave us soon, don't you think? Hank? I asked him if I could watch football at his place and he didn't answer me. He was just like, eh, he's Too, you're Hollywood. Yeah, he's too Hollywood. Okay, next up. Jaguar's, dolphins. I don't know what to think of this game either, actually. So I I I'm going back on what I said just a second ago. Dolphins minus three and a half over unders 48 and a half. I feel like the dolphins o obviously always start hot. Jaguars have a new defensive coordinator. Dolphins have some injuries. Their defensive line is not great. I am leaning towards the Jaguars, but I don't really know what to think about this.


This is a sideline bet for me. They're gonna have the jaguars in the, in the heat. No shade on the sidelines. There Might be rain. Okay, good, good. I I appreciate the weather update. Got you. Are you sure there might be rain? I said there might be Rain. Okay. Hank, can you double check? Well, it's South Florida. PFT. Yeah. There always could be Rain. You know what they say about the weather in Miami? Yep. If, you don't like it? Just wait five minutes. Oh No. I thought they said there might be rain. Oh, they also say that to you. Hank, look it up for us because there might be rain. I need to know. We need to know. Sunny with chance of clouds And rain. Chance Of precipitation goes no higher. Oh, it's 0%, 0%, 0%, 0%. 0%. It's 10%.


It's impossible for Its rain. It's 10% at 7:00 AM and then 10%. So I'm right There might be rain Pm No, 10% 9:00 PM Yeah, But there might be rain 7:00 AM and 9:00 PM There's a 10% chance Of rain. Okay. There might be Rain. Everything else zero. There's a hundred percent chance of 0% rain at Noon. There might be rain or 1:00 PM There could be rain. And what's the temperature? Hot. Very hot. How hot? Shit. 90 degrees Sideline. Bet. It's a sideline bet. Taking the dolphins. You're you're, you're smart. You're a smart guy. That's a smart bet. It's a smart sideline bet. That's it. Gets hot. I think this is one of those moments where I'm really regretting the fact that I taped all the other gambling shows earlier this week. 'cause I think I took the Jaguars in every single one of 'em. And you swayed me on the sideline.


Yeah. Don't forget about the sideline. I did forget about the sideline. Yeah. You can't do It. I needed you there to reminding me. You Think Mike McDaniel's gonna have a new look this year? Because He get, he gets like frostier and swagger every year. He should actually just frost the tips of his hair. Pete Briscoe did get in my head a little bit with the whole, he's too friendly with the guys. Yeah, he got in my head. But This is the perfect time of year to be friendly with the guys. Yeah. Right at the start. Yeah. Okay. Let's see. Next up, Panthers at Saint Saints minus four over under is 41 and a half. I love the Panthers in this game. Oh, I had one thing for the Dolphins. I forgot. Sorry.


Because the Lions won a playoff game last year. The dolphins are now the longest playoff drought in the NFL win playoff drought win. Okay. Does that go back to, I'm gonna guess what year is that? Back to the Nineties? No, it's 2000 oh one season. Okay. Do you know the other Big four sports Longest playoff drought win. So it would obviously be a series in, in hockey and, and baseball and, and basketball. Twins. Twins are not the answer. I was shocked at this answer. It's a lot of sports I gotta go through right now. Yeah. I don't Know. What is it? The Reds 1995. Damn. That's a long ass time. And then the other two were the Hornets and the sabers, which makes sense. Yeah, it does.


Those Are definitely, It's still a long time for the Dolphins. Yeah. No, the Dolphins. So, so I think we're, we can't, the Dolphins winning a playoff game would actually be bad for us. Very bad. Our clock would Be ticking. Next up. Yeah, we're Next up. Yeah. I don't know what year you are. I, I just always see the stat of like the last team to have a a 10 win season. That one's very depressing. 'cause every other team is within the last five years basically. Yeah. And then the, the Redskins commanders, you gotta go back to 2005. Yeah. I think, I think it's you then Jets then, or no, it might be you then. Bears and Jets. Okay. I think they were 2010. But still, that's our last insurance play right now is the Dolphins. Yeah. We need the Dolphins to not win.


Well, No, that's, that was old us. That Was old us. Now our teams are good. That was old Us, so we don't have to worry about that anymore. Yeah. We'll get our playoff. Oh No, the Raiders. The Raiders are also in there. Thank God. Whew. So it's Raiders, 2002 Commanders, 2005 Jets and Bears tied for 2010. Okay. So We gotta, we we need the dolphins. We need dolphins. 'cause then it just slowly creeps up on us. Okay. So the Panthers and saints. I love the Panthers in this game just because I, it's my, my rule of you're never as bad as you were the last year. Sometimes you could be worse, but it Doesn't mean you're gonna be good if you're the Panthers, though now I am rooting for the Panthers.


I'm rooting, I'm rooting for their fan base because the position they were put in with Bryce Young last year and how bad it looked at times. I want for them to not be like, oh shit, we really fucked this up. Now we're fucked. You know, like, I want them to have some hope in Bryce Young. I, I, I don't think the Panthers are be good. I think they're gonna be competent. Okay. Which they weren't last year. Do you know that the Panthers last year, they won two football games last year and there's a lot of football games. 17 football games. Do you know the Panthers did not take a single snap in the fourth quarter with the lead? I did not know that. Both of their wins were last second field goals to win by two points. That's crazy. It's Insane. That's not the entire, I mean, that's insane.


Yeah. That is crazy. To not know what it feels like to have a, to, to maybe win in the fourth Quarter. Have a single lead in the fourth quarter with his offensive snap. Yeah. So I I I don't think they're gonna be good. I think they're gonna be better. I think Dave Canals is gonna have them. I mean, Dave Canis was good with Baker Mayfield. He Knows the Division. Yeah. He knows the division. I also have my fun Dennis Allen stat of the day. You ready for this one? I was doing some digging last night. Dennis Allen. This is how bad it is for Dennis Allen. He is now thinking that he's gonna get a, get a competitive advantage by not divulging where offensive coordinator Clint Kubak is going to be during the game In the Boother on the sideline.


Correct? Yeah. He said we, he Could be anywhere We get in a game mode and try to keep as many things in-house as we possibly can. Nothing to give our opponents any sort of advantage. A reporter immediately questioned if matters were where the Panthers seek QBI Act calling plays to which Alan Swifty responded, don't know, don't know whether they care, don't care, whatever. I just don't know if that's anything I want to divulge. Yeah. So I like that. In fact, they should, they should take it one, it's two options. They should take it one step. They should have everybody on the coaching staff dress up like Cubi a Yeah. And that way you don't know which one is Cubi. A Eminem? Yeah. It could be anybody. Yeah, it could be any of those guys. But this is, You know, your football coach is kind of losing it when he thinks that he's getting an advantage by being like he could be in on the field or in the booth.


Okay. Now you never know Counterpoint. If Dennis Allen was Jim Harbaugh, I would be like, this guy's playing chess. Yeah. I'm not giving any information. But Dennis Allen is not, but Dennis Allen is not. Dennis Allen read a book this off season about how to be more like Jim Harbo. Correct. And this is how he's trying to implement it. Correct. Yeah. Because if he was actually about that life, he would've been doing this gamesmanship for the last however long he's stunk up the NFL. Right. But now he's like, he's he's learned new tricks that he's trying to adapt. It's part of his personality that doesn't actually exist. Correct. Yeah. I just love this story because Yeah. He's the guy's reeling, by the way, are we gonna have Mr. P pick a pick a game? He, he forgot to pick Packer's Eagles. Are we doing that during this? Yeah. He should have picked Packer's Eagles, while we're talking.


Mr. Perry is such a dude. Okay. Have him pick Packer's Eagles. And then when we get to Rams Lions, he should pick Li Rams lions. Got it. Yeah. Okay. Next up. Vikings of Giants. I have a theory. PFT. And this is kind of like a choose which door and one door's death kind of feeling to it. I think one of the two quarterbacks in this game will be better than expected this year. But I have zero idea which one it will be. I think it's gonna be Sam. Okay. I kind of think it's gonna be Daniel Jones. I think I I think it's gonna be Sam. Well, that's tricky because I would say weirdly, the expectations I think, at least for myself, are higher for Sam Darn than they are for Daniel Jones.


Right. But I just think that at the end of the season, we're gonna be like, oh, Daniel Jones, or Oh, Sam darn not a bad year. But I think the other one's gonna be terrible. I'm gonna bet on Sam. Darn. Because I like Kevin. I like Kevin O'Connell and Brian Day I think is a good coach. But there were some times with Daniel Jones where he was just, you could tell he was like watching just like any of us were. Yeah. Like, you gotta be shitting me. Yeah. And we did see that Daniel Jones moment in the preseason, which I know is a preseason, but it was still a play. But you said Brian DaBell. I know that it's a, a panic move. But he's calling offensive plays now. Yep. I mean, he was a really good offensive play caller for the Bills before he took the Giants job. He's also skinny. Brian DaBell.


He's lost a lot of weight. I, yeah, I don't know. Did It is just one of those games. I, I I, I was feeling it before. I was like one of these quarterbacks, I can't figure out which one, but one of 'em, I'm gonna walk away from the 2024 season being like, not so bad. I actually like the Giants in this game. But I like Sam Donald over the course of a season. If he doesn't get mono, is he staying in Hoboken before the game? I don't know. You Know what? Smooching Sam, I'm gonna say it right now. If whoever wins this game, I'm gonna be all in on believing on that quarterback. Yeah. For the rest of the season. I'll ride or die with that quarterback being like, he's not that bad. I don't know if I can Bring myself to that point. Sam prove. Yeah, he will. He will make me look like a full time in time again.


Did he pick a team? Hasn't Moved a Step. He hasn't moved a step. Okay. Throw some lettuce down this fucking pair. This, this turtle sucks memes. Whatcha Doing Now When he is making all that noise down there, what's he doing? He's trying To escape. Is he's scratching. He's trying To escape Raiders of Chargers. Ultimate football guy. Matchup. I think the charges are minus three over under is 40 and a half. I love it. Both these guys, they just, they wanna fight. They, they, they If. you just had 'em fist fight. It would, it would work as a football game. You don't need a ball for this game. No. Just send the teams out on the field, line up, hit each other, and then whoever is more physical gets the win.


I like the charges though. I like the charges in, in this game. I do Too. I believe in Harbaugh. They just, I don't, their team is not good. But I believe in Harbaugh. But Justin Herbert's good. Did he pick anything? What's going on here? Memes. Memes. It's okay. He, he just takes his time. Oh, that was so cute how you just said that. Does that, do you talk to him in that voice? Do little memes. It's okay. Why does that? Oh my God. Why doesn't memes come in here? I think the turtle's a little bit afraid of Max. Yeah. No, I, I it'll Mr. Or Mrs. P will Go miss. It's MISS and then last name tpe. Let's switch now that nobody's around.


It'll go. It'll move. Okay. I'm, I'm excited to see Gardner Michu. That's fun. That is fun. He's gonna do some weird shit out there. I, I hope Starter Gardner michu. I Hope that they don't make him just like a vanilla quarterback. I hope that If you openly acknowledge that Gardner Michu is your starting QB one. You have to also deal in the fact that he's gonna do some crazy shit. Don't try to Oh, don't try to change. Sure. Yeah. Let him do his own Gardner Michu thing. Don't try to make him just a boring ass quarterback. Agreed. Agreed. PFT You wanna talk about your game commanders at Bucks? Yeah. Yeah, I do. Alright, so you were saying you're, you're excited about this game, but you also know that you're gonna overreact.


I almost don't even want this game to happen. Mm. Because I'm, I love Jayden Daniels and I'm nervous now because he's so good. I'm nervous that either I'm wrong about him being good or that something's gonna happen to him. You Want, you basically want to look at your cake, not eat it. Yes, Exactly. I, I just want to have, it's like Jay Leno's cars that he's got 400 cars and he just keeps 'em in the garage. I've got Jane Daniels. I just wanna be like, that's my quarterback. Keep Him in the car. Watch these highlights from preseason and from college. Isn't he awesome? He's mine. Yeah. So that's part of the equation. I did text our friend Jason Light from the Bucks. I said, Hey, just take it easy on maybe do two hand touch. Don't hurt him. And What'd he say?


He said that I was pulling a, a Lou Holtz move, which is just always tell your opponent how bad you are. So they take it easy on you. I wasn't trying to do that. I just honestly meant Please don't hurt him. Yeah, please Do Not. Please do not hurt Jayden Daniels. It is a classic commander's thing going into week one on the day of the NFL kickoff, where one of the headlines is Commanders Fire their Vice President Packers. I was waiting for you to Oh, he took the Packers. Okay. I was waiting for you to disavow this man. Well, let's see, let's see what he got fired for. Saying he got fired for saying that some of the players are homophobic. He got fired for saying that Roger Goodell's a $50 million puppet. He got fired for saying that Jerry Jones is racist. I got no problems with any of those.


So I think I had two outta three. Well, Well you're missing big one. What was the other one? He said most Of the fans of the NFL are high school educated alcoholics and mouth breathers. I went to college, buddy. Yeah. I do breathe through, through my mouth. Yep. At points in my life, I have drank enough where I would be considered an alcoholic. Yep. But I alcoholics go to meetings. That was the part that I was upset About. I wasn't, I was mostly upset about the fact that he got fired for, I think saying that Roger Goodell is a $50 million puppet. He also said that he, he helped run state media because when you guys had that leak, he had to tell everyone, don't worry, it's not sewage. Yeah. Yeah, he did. Look, that's your job. Yeah. That's been your job if you've worked for the commanders for the last 20 years, is to be, you remember Saddam Hussain's right hand man, that was like everything.


Who could forget Baghdad? Bob. Oh, you remember his bob thought name? It was Kevin. I dunno, they called him Baghdad Bob. I'm kidding. But he was the one that was like, we're winning the war as like Baghdad was being leveled to the town. Yeah. That guy, that's been the job of the commanders vice president of communications for a very long time. Right. Also, it, a lot of people are dog piling on the commanders. And it's like, the best way I can describe it is like I have an ugly baby. And you know, some babies are not that attractive just naturally. Some are cuter than others. I know I have an ugly baby and I walk around with my baby. I love it. I take care of it. I change this diaper. I feed it all the time. I'm always gonna love this baby no matter what. And I can be like, okay, you're a little bit ugly right now.


You'll grow into it. But the second somebody else is like, yeah, your baby's ugly. I'm like, fuck you. Right. You piece of shit. Right. This is my baby Agreed with you. Only I can call my baby ugly. Yeah. In House. That's how I feel about the commanders. Yeah. When People are like, oh, Hank's a piece of shit. Yeah. We don't like him. He doesn't work. And he's a fucking, he sucks at golf and he, he, he's a mouth breather and he's worse and he naps worse. I'm just like, dude, you can't say that. That's what I say to him. Thank you. And you can't say that bro. 'cause you're a top guy. Top guy. You're top g Appreciate that. Yeah. But don't you fucking call my baby ugly. That's How he say Max is fat and he fucking cries and he's such a bitch and he sweats everywhere and he, he clogs his toilets And he hates dogs and He hates dogs.


I say, no, you can't say that. Yeah. Yeah. I get what you're saying. PFT. Yeah. So it is fitting though that the commanders fired somebody on, on the day of NFL kickoff. Yeah. That was perfect. That's Like a classic commander's. Perfect. Perfect. But I am, I'm excited about Jayden, but at the same time I just, I've seen too much bad stuff happen to me. How jealous are you gonna be? I'm very, Very, very scared. How Jealous are you gonna be of me if, if the Bears win and Caleb Williams balls out and I basically am sitting there, I'm like winning the, it's like basically winning the first game of March Madness on the Thursday Afternoon. Yeah. So what's gonna happen? I've thought through that scenario. Caleb goes out there, lights it up and I'm waiting and then I'm getting more and more nervous as I'm watching.


And then Jayden goes out there, fumbles throws, interception, looks bad, and then big cat's like, I'm gonna go in the other room and get ready. Yeah. Because you don't wanna be around me. Yeah. Because you know that you're happy about your guy. Yeah. And you don't want me to see your happiness while I'm feeling sadness. Right. So this is actually, this is the eight hours on NFL Sunday. While these two games are being played, it's a big gateway moment for Pardon My Take. Correct. I think best case scenario, well for us is they're both good. Worst case scenario is one's great, the other stinks. And then we have to deal with the repercussions Because even if they're both bad together, at least we we have each other. Yeah. Yeah. If they're both bad together, we can deal with that.


Right. But if one's good, one's bad, I don't know. I don't know if we're gonna be able to pod. Yeah. Probably have to cancel the pod Memes. You're stepping up Memes. You're ready for the Prime time. Okay. Couple games left, Two hour long. Jets preview, Couple games left Broncos at Seahawks Seahawks minus six. The over under in this game is 41 and a half. I love the Seahawks in this game. So I like McDonald. Yeah. I like that guy a lot. I think he's probably the perfect person to replace Pete Carroll because they're not alike at all. And I like that you're bringing in some guy that is like, obviously Pete Carroll wasn't exact.


Was he fired or was it like mutually Mutual parting of voice. Mutually. We both agree that you're fired. Yeah. Which is a nice way for him to leave. I guess If, you have to leave someone. It was Like a mutually we're done with this. Yeah. And then you bring in like some tough ass defensive coordinator after him. I like that transition. Yep. I like that a lot. Agreed. And McDonald I think is a good coach. I'm excited to see what happens with, with the, the Seahawks offense now, but they got a good running back. Yeah. Kenneth Walker's good. Yeah. IIII just think rookie quarterback on the road against a guy who's very good at coaching defense, disguises some things. I think it's be a long day for Bon next. Not saying Bon Nick is gonna be bad, but this is gonna be a long day. So Bon next. Is it fair to say handpicked quarterback by Sean Peyton?


That's Exactly what He is. Handpicked quarterback. Well he saw the inside of his, his book Bag. That's right. And. it was unbelievable. Right. And would you consider Sean Payton to be a quarterback whisperer or a quarterback guru? I would actually say it. He'd be more in line with, he had Drew Brees. Okay. Quarter. He's a Drew Brees merchant. He, he had Drew Brees, Drew Brees merchant because to Be a quarterback whisperer, I think he gotta do it with a couple Guys. Gotta have two. But he did it as an assistant. Yeah. Andy Reed's a quarterback whisperer. He is. He he did it with Don McNabb. He did it with Alex Smith. Yeah. And Mahomes Smith. Sean Peyton, yeah. Yeah. Sean Payton. We'll see.


But this is his guy. How quickly into the season do you think Sean Payton is allowed to be a dickhead to Bo Nicks? If Bo Nicks does something wrong. 'cause with Russell Russy was from the previous regime. Yeah. It wasn't his guy. So, so he could be like, it's like moving into a house and being Like he was, he wasn't the stepdad, he was the dad that stepped up. Fuck this bathroom, I'm gonna smash it. But with a guy that you handpicked, I feel like you, Sean Payton can't be a dick to him right off the bat. Which I think is good for the Broncos. Yeah, I'd agree. I Think he has to wait to, he's gotta do the carrot for a while and then smash him up the ass with a stick later. Yep. Yep. I'd agree. Alright, last two games. Cowboys at Browns. Browns minus two and a half over under is 40 and a half.


I don't really know what to expect from Deshaun Watson. Remember him? Yep. I do like Jerry Jones spin zone every year. He is got a nice spin zone or something. Last year where he was all in this year. They, he said, people were asking him like, oh, you gotta do something after the Green Bay thing. He said at the Green Bay thing. That's what he was calling that loss. The Green Bay thing. The incident, you Gotta do something about after the Green Bay thing. You gotta fire people. You gotta, you gotta change some things. And he said, actually I have changed some things by not changing things. Everyone's on the hot seat. So by not cha in the past Yeah, in the past he would've changed things. but it Said, but he did change things.


But you know what, it would've been, it would've been actually easier on those guys if he had changed things because now he's like, you guys made a mess. You gotta clean it up. Yeah. But he's, he has changed things by not changing things. He said, I didn't make many changes, but within the realm of not making changes, totally changing people out. I tried to turn up the heat on myself and everybody involved. So he didn't change anything. He just turned up the heat. So what you're saying is there was a maybe about to be a change and then Jerry Jones was standing in the background as that change was happening. Not necessarily preventing that change from happening, but maybe telling everybody, let's see what happens before we make this change. Yeah. And but he took a picture of it. Right. He's like, don't change anything.


Let's just turn up the heat. Yeah. Let's just turn up the heat. Let's Turn up the heat. Got it. So that's the new, we're turning up the heat of the cowboy season. Where'd Hank go? He sneezed. He sneezed. Grab the Rams Lions picks for Mr. P. So Mr. Pear does have the Packers and Mr. Pear is gonna pick. Oh, he sneezed again. Rams Lions. Did we, did we screw up when we talked about Jerry Goff earlier when I said that he, he's an MVP candidate because 14 outta 17 games are in a dome. Do we count this as a dome? Does this qualify as a dome? Because remember they've had, they've had lightning delays. They're playing in Detroit. Okay. So it does qualify as a dome. Yep. Okay. Good pick. I wrote a counter. That was a good question. It was a good question.


Had it been in la I wrote it down wrong. I wrote lions at Rams. Yeah. That's been absolutely a hundred percent debunked. Five pinocchios Debunk. You know what? We just made sure that people are just staying on their toes. Yep. Yes. It is a dome. And yes. I I I love the lions in this game. I Do too. I, the only thing that makes me nervous is Dan Campbell's an actor now. He's A really good actor. It Was an awesome commercial. Yeah. I fucking love Dan. He'll never see you coming. I'd do anything for Dan Campbell. He's the best. I wish I didn't love him so much, but I do love him. Yeah. He's impossible not to love. Yeah. Yeah. I like the lions. I Like the lion. I wonder if they're gonna boo Matt Stafford's children before this game. They're not Attending. Okay. Yeah. They're specifically not attending.


I like that Kelly And the kids are not coming. Not after what happened last Time. Not after what happened. They won't let, they won't let Detroit Don and Sprinkles and super fan do the same thing. Hank, are you okay? Yeah. Okay. You had a sneeze attack. I had a couple sneezes. Yeah. Hunger sugar. Do we have, oh, do we have the pick here? Is he picking anything? He hasn't moved. He hasn't moved. Okay. We probably didn't think this turtle thing out very well. I would've thought this turtle would be faster. Ah, damnit. Now To be fair, Mr. Mr. PE does great picks when he has the sheets that are printed out and he is on the ground. True. He's Just, he, because I think he's panicking. He thinks he's on it's, it's like the blue turf. He thinks he's on water when he is on our rug.


Yeah, It could. Yeah. In this situation right here, he's inside of his pen or his crate, which is where he normally chills. So he has no motivation to move. Yeah. Okay. So do you guys want to do our touchdown parlay? So here's what we're gonna do. Every week we will have it in the DraftKings Sports book. We all pick one guy to score. We put 'em all together. So we're doing a four to score Parlay Max, you got your pick. I do. What do you got Sunday night football. I hope that it comes down to me. David Montgomery. Do you really hope that? Yeah. Really? That's a lot of pressure. No you don't. No, but I Like to pick, I Gibbs was kind of banged up throughout training Camp Montgomery.


Everyone's talking about Gibbs going into the year. Montgomery's still. Still The Bruiser and the games in Detroit. Yep. A lot of people, people thought it was in LA and There's gonna be a lot of points I like, I like to pick, I like David Montgomery to Score. I like to pick too. Okay, good. Pick Max. I'll go with the one that should get us on the board. I'll just go with Dalton Kinkcaid. I think he's gonna score. Okay. Let's Good Pick early game. Get it outta the way. Try to get us on the board. I'm also in tight end. I'm going Kyle Pitts. I'm pretty sure he has like three touchdown in His career. Are Hank alright, I'll go. No, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. The pick is in it is Kyle Pitts. He has six touchdowns on his career. Three years.


He's got a much Better quarterback. Yeah. He's got Kirk Cousins. Yep. He got Kirk Cousins. Love tight ends. Love it. Love it. Yep. He does. It's good odds I'm sure. What are the odds? Plus a thousand. Plus a thousand for a cal. How? Score touchdown at Here's probably first touchdown. Touchdown. We're just doing touchdowns. Oh, 1 95. You're right, You're saying. Okay. Yeah, it's preseason Frank too. All right. Okay. And then, so we got Kyle Pitts, we got Dalton Kincaid, we got David Montgomery and PFT. I like just saying Brazilian butt lift. So I want to say Jalen hurts, but instead You can't do Friday. Yeah, I'm gonna say it has to be Sunday. So I'm going to go with Alvin Kamara. Ooh. Against the Panthers. Remember him? Yeah. Alvin Kamara against the Panthers.


Okay. you don't even have to watch that game. That'll just be one that you'll have. Maybe you'll refresh the score occasionally on your phone on and just see if Alvin scored yet. Can I say I'm a little nervous about that? Pick for one reason why. We don't know where Clint Kubiak is gonna be. But Clint Kubiak is Calling offensive off plays for the Saints. But Kamara doesn't need to have. I'm just saying. I'd like to know where the OC is. Okay. All right. I mean this Dennis Allen guy. He's got the greatest secrets in the world. Yeah, But that's good. No, that's good though, that we don't know where he is gonna be. I hope he is like in a closet somewhere. It's he. He's Already not even watching the game. What If he was secretly fired? Blind plays. Yeah. Shadow Clin Kubiak.


Friend of the program. Yeah. Office manager Brett. They Don't make a lot of CLTs anymore.


So DraftKings has not won, but two special offers to AWS who won BET the PMT parlay this week. First, DraftKings giving all customers a no sweat touchdown bet for each football day this week. That means you'll get a bonus bet back if your touchdown bet doesn't hit. Second. Any customer who chooses to use their no sweat touchdown bet on our four to score parlay will also receive an A profit boost. So head to the app now to claim these offers. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Opt in each Sunday to get one. No sweat bet based on amount of losing qualifying bet Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance PMT Sunday. TD parlayed bets only to receive one profit boost for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Oh, Did he pick, he picked the Rams. Now he's going towards the lines. Well, Which did he pick him? The Ram? I didn't see him go over. Oh no, Now he's at the lines. You said, so You said Rams. Did we have a, do we have a ruling meme? We said we were going off first move, right? VAR. Well, first move of the last one was Eagles. But he, he ended up, It's he's gotta end up. No, it's, it's, he's gotta end up lines, memes. Gotta where? Where he is gonna end up. Memes. You're the replay. Official lines. Lines and pick. Okay. All Right. Alright. So let's do our picks. I forgot how we do it. We, we start with just saying your favorites then we Did two last Year. Two, that's right. We did two picks. You gotta pick a total and a spread.


I like that better. Okay, so memes, do you wanna start? We'll obviously change the start as we go along. No repeats. So these are our picks. No repeats and memes. Go ahead. I'm gonna go Saints, Panthers under. Lemme get the exact number. Mm. Gotta have it. Gotta have it. Memes. Are you also keeping track of these? Yeah, I'll keep track. 41 and a half under 40. One and a half. Okay. Max. I'm also gonna go with an under. I'm gonna go Raiders chargers.


I like that under 40 and a half. I like it though. Okay. PFTI am gonna go with an over Bronco. Seahawks over 41 and a half. Okay. I also will go with an over, 'cause it's football's back and I wanna root for points. So I'll go Cardinals. Bills over 47. Okay. I'll go with an under between my New England Patriots and the Cincinnati Bengals under 41. All right. Good pick. You believe in Jared Mayo. Gerard Mayo. Yeah. Thank you. Hank, I got your back. Who cares guy's name is spelled Jared J. It's not Gerard from Subway.


We don't talk about him. Who definitely would've been a guest if we were doing that show. Yeah. In the 2010s. I hadn't thought about that. Yeah, we definitely would've been like, oh yeah, Jared from Subway wants to come on the show. Oh, okay. We'll talk to him about the colds. We'd probably have his pants framed on The wall. There'd be pictures of us with him. Autograph pants from Jared. Oh man, it would've been bad. Hank, what Was Hank's number? Sorry. A 41. Okay. 41. Alright, Hank, you have another pick. My next pick is going to be the Chicago Bears minus three and a half. Love it. I don't think it's a troll. It's not. I know this. These picks matter. These picks matter. Yeah. The the pick you make right now could be the difference between you having to wrestle an alligator and not exactly.


I'm gonna take the Panthers plus four. Okay. Does it not worry you where Clint QBX is gonna be? I think it's, it makes me happy that Dennis Allen might not even know where He is gonna be. Okay. I think he might forget where to put him. Where do you wanna put him? All right. That's, there's a staffer who like comes up to him. He's like, coach, one last thing before we kick off. Where do you wanna put 'em? It's like in the Matrix where they're all, they're all the agent. Yeah. Just standing around him Doesn't know who to talk to. Okay. I'm gonna go with one that was controversial earlier. I'm gonna go with Colts plus three. Okay. Colts plus three home dogs. Yep. And Reme. Remember we're doing half a point for pushes.


So if anything pushes, counts as a half a point. Okay. Win counts as one loss, obviously. Zero. Maxie. I'm gonna go with Seahawks Minus six. Seahawks minus six. I like it. Does it make you nervous that Bow Nicks was named a captain? No, I, he's a quarterback. It actually, I said, I actually said this to memes and he was like, yeah, he's quarterback. Yeah. It doesn't make me nervous because Sean Payton was like, I hand selected this guy. He's gonna be a captain. Caleb Williams a captain. Yeah. He was voted on it by his teammates. No big deal. How many captains you guys have? Like five I, Yeah. A lot of captains. I think three on offense. You need, you need some captains Participation trophy culture.


You need a special teams Captain Two and special. Everyone gets a captain. Everyone gets a little logo. Here's your gold star. Great job. You're not saying this 'cause Jayden Daniels isn't. I haven't looked it up. I don't know. I truthfully don't know. Hey, they're gonna try to pit us against each other. Let's not let 'em do That. Well, I think what Dan Quinn's doing is he's not naming captains. I think he's like, I'm gonna tell you before the game, who's going out for the coin toss? But nobody on this team has earned the Captain Sea. What if the ship goes down, Then it's every man for himself. Okay, then everyone play your music. Get to the lifeboats. Fuck. Women and children. Yeah. Not, I don't mean like PFT. Not literally, but Yeah. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck women. Fuck what?


Fuck women. And don't worry about the children. Get into the lifeboats. Got it. Fuck women. Kill children. Yeah. Marry men. There It is. That's what it is. Memes. Last one. I'm going to take the Raiders plus three. Okay. All right. Good job. So those picks are in. Let's finish up before we get to Paul Skees Fantasy Fuccbois Boys. Brought to you by our friends at BODYARMOR.


This segment is brought to you by BODYARMOR Sports Water. The alkaline water that provides real hydration with electro lights for taste. Everybody is always drinking it around the office, the sports drink, the zero sugar, and even the flash iv. After a long weekend, we can't get enough BODYARMOR. The sport water, in my opinion, is the best water on the market. Look, I'm drinking it right now. Head on over to your local seven 11. Get your BODYARMOR sports water today. Thank you to BODYARMOR sponsoring us, keeping us hydrated through football season. Very important. So thank you to BODYARMOR.


Okay. Fantasy Fuccbois Boys. What's up? My name's Pauly Gomo. What's up Paul? I stardom. Bill Belichick. Yeah. Yeah. Getting with the Times. He's on social media. Join ins. Interface. Careful With those double taps. Billy. He's gonna be double tapping. He is gonna be sucking in fucking in no time. Oh, we're gonna suck in. Fuck. He's gonna be in those Tms. I sit him Taylor Swift and Travis Kelsey. Oh, what Happened? Trouble in Paradise Uhoh. The script is out. Ah, they're breaking up. Allegedly. I think I have to say we knew the whole time this was never real.


You say whatever you want. NFL rigged P and v Pete? Nope. Yep. You said say whatever you want. No, you said say whatever you want. I want to see PV. I don't wanna see that. No, I would not look. I would not look. No, I do that again. No. Would Not look My sleep. I would Look Oof wrong. My sleeper is eating shit. Oh, Okay. Lot Of dialogue about eating shit. A couple studies have come out. It's actually healthy and nutritious. It helps build strong bones. These sounds like some very reputable Studies. So this weekend, Who release that study to shit? Stick your hand under your B hole and fucking take a nice bite out of a steamy Deuce. Your own poop, huh? Yep. That's So something else. Okay, Take your buddy's poop.


Okay, what's up? Hey, what's up pricks? It's me, Pete Prisco. Love it. What's up Pete? My, I'm starting Chief Aholic. Oh, that was my start. Chief Zolic is standup guy. Some of the cash fell off the back of the truck. Big deal. He got 17 and a half year bid. He's a standup guy though. Don't tell on your friends then. Telling his friends, he's doing the time like a man respect him. Yes. Sooner on the speak respect. Doing his little wolf paw. Yes. I'm sitting Caleb Williams. 'cause he cried to his mama. A strong Italian man like me would never have an unhealthy relationship with his mother like that. It's not something that we do in Italy. Why are you saying this? I'm saying in in Italian culture. Yeah. Yeah. We never have too close relationships with our mothers.


That's facts. You don't live with them for forever and have them cook all of our meals even after we get married. It's weird to be so attached to your mother as an Italian. I'm saying that I'm, my sleeper is Russell Wilson. He's a sleeper. He's got a tender little calf in Italy. We call that veal. The veal Parmesan palm little tender calf. Yes. Bring me my bib. 'cause I'm eating every ounce of that motherfucker. Yes. Okay. My, my stardom was gonna be chief aholic, but I'm gonna change it. My stardom is Dan Hurley. Rule of the jungle. You want go in the jungle? Wanna fuck with? Oh, I, I forgot to say my name is Guido. D Do do Ulae. Hey. Hey Guido.


Doule. What's up Ulae? Guido Ulae. But yeah, Dan Hurley my stardom. He's a ruler of the jungle. You won't come in this jungle. Ruler of the jungle. My stom is Brazil. Sit down on your big fat ass Brazil. Because guess what? There's a new sheriff in town. His name is big Dom. Don't you try anything. Big Dom's ready for it. Don't You ask him the keys to nothing on his Way back home. Oh fuck. Love it. Big. Cat would hate Brazil. I would love them. No Twitter. I, yeah. 'cause some of us do our job. Hank would hate I Hank would, Hank would hate Greenland. No golf. What's his green? He no ice. He go there. He go there.


Ice. He go there. He ducks too. Hank would hate. Hank Would land in Greenland. Be like lighty ducks too. Hank lands in Greenland and he says, Where's the pin? Hank would hate Pacific Ocean. No golf. Mike. My sleeper is Hank. 'cause all he does is fucking sleep. He was sleeping on the couch just a second ago, buddy. He slept work. Oh, he lifted today. Hey coach. Hey. Hey. Hand Up. We should have woken hank up early so we Didn't nap for so long. Yeah. Sorry for waking you up. I'm sorry, Hank. I never said that from the bottom of my heart. I'm sorry for not waking you up. Hey, sorry, I Never said that. Okay. I might have changed my last two because of you. What did you say about Brazil? He said no Big.


Cat would hate Brazil because they don't have Twitter. Saying I'm a just, oh yeah, Twitter. I didn't say that. That's a The Twitter. That's a time I didn't say that Part. That's a timely joke. Hank. Yeah, I, I'm sorry. I'm sorry for trying to make a timely joke on this podcast. I'm sorry for joking about golf. Hank Can't exist And you're sleeping. Yeah, I mean the sleeping, I don't really know. Like, We should put a bed in here. The couch is fine. Yeah. 9:00 AM till you know, midnight. Like there's a couple hours where you, There's a long day. It's A long day. Nothing to do. So I just, Why do you work out in the morning when you know you have hours in the afternoon? 'cause there was no time like in the afternoon though. The guy that I work out with.


Oh, got it. I was like, Huh? The random dude. Yeah. Yeah. I thought you had a chick trainer, Daniel. No, that was, That was the last one. That Was in Jersey. Oh Yeah. Yeah. She liked you. She didn't like me. Oh, She didn't? She was like a, she was older. Oh. Mm. You had an old lady train you For like a month. Yeah. It was stupid money. What did you do? It wasn't underwater aerobics. No, we just talked About Richard Simmons. I mean, I didn't, I mean, that didn't work, Obviously. Obviously. Obviously. Okay, let's get to our interview with Paul Skees. We're gonna get to Paul Skees in a second. He is brought to you by Coors Light. If there's a big rivalry game coming up this weekend, you can choose chill with the world's most refreshing beer.


Coors Light Mountain cold refreshment that can chill. Even the most heated rivalries when you're looking to keep it chill. There's only one beer to choose. Coors Light the mountains on the bottles and cans even turn blue when your beer is cold. So you know when your mountain cold refreshment is ready for you to choose Chill. When things heat up, choose chill, crack open a Coors Light During football season, you gotta take a second to chill out. You can't be turned on all the time. You gotta have a moment off, a moment to chill and let that chill carry over into the game. Mountains are blue this weekend guys. Coors Light, some of the best football watching weather of the year this year. Coors Light's gonna be there for it. It's the one to choose when rivalries heat up when you're looking to cool things down. And enjoy the game. Choose chill. Reach for Coors Light.


Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart or goPuff by going to coors light.com/take. And now here's Paul Skeens.


Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest phenom. Can I say Phenom? You can say whatever you want. Okay. Pitching Phenom. It is Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher. Paul Skeens. I, I think Phenom. I think you what? What else have you been like? You phenom, how, how early in your life were you like Phenom or Next Up Had to be within the last year. Did So it wasn't when you were like 13? No. Everyone's like, oh man, this guy's, no, he's the guy. No, When I was 13, I was probably hitting 11th in our travel ball games. Seriously? Yeah. That's crazy what Happened. Just grew, grew into my body. One day I'll grow too. Yeah. Pub puberty. Yeah. It'll happen. Yeah. No, I guess now you are a phenom. I think that's what you call a rookie. Yeah, A rookie is a phenom. But you were never a prodigy. You weren't like an ace at age Guess. so yeah. Was it, was it like you put on weight, you grew and then you just became a dominant pitcher? Yeah. I mean, the pitching thing happened really recently. I put on weight and I grew, you know, when I was a senior in high school, freshman in college, I had a big growth spurt and then kept putting on weight. But I was a, I went to college as a catcher. Yeah, you Were, you were like an incredible catcher. I read something that basically if a scout was like, yeah, if Paul Skeens caught five games, MLB right now, he'd be one of the best catchers out there. Yeah. I'm trying to convince, I was talking to one of my teammates about that the other day. Connor, Joe and who also caught in college, and he asked me, you know, if there was one position other than pitcher that you could play on the field, what would it be? And I said, catcher. And he, he just started laughing and I'm like, no, I'm serious. Yeah. Like I caught And It, so I'm really trying to convince them that I can catch. But yeah, probably for good reason, they don't, they don't really believe me. Wait, You, you could get injured back there a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Tough knees. Yeah. Wait, so that, this is fascinating. So you were in high school, you were a catcher. Did you, you pitched as well? A little bit. Yeah. It kind of just, it was just, Hey, let's go pull out the pocket radar and see how hard we can throw. So how hard were you throwing in high school? Like 88. That's nuts. And then you went to Air Force for a couple years, you were still catching then. Yeah. And then when you went to LSU, is that when you started pitching or You started pitching full time? Okay. Yeah. I mean, I was pitching, I, I closed my freshman year at Air Force and started, you know, started on Fridays my sophomore year at Air Force. And then went to LSU And. it was when I transferred, I, I wanted to be the, the two-way player hitting the fall all through the fall. But they were like, you're not catching. And I was like, you know that, that's, that's fair. But yeah, I hit through the fall and


then pitched through the fall and then they just stopped putting me in in BP groups. Yeah. And I, that was kind of where the riding was on the phone. Oh, You just showed up one day and you just weren't in your BP Group? Yeah, I, I, I didn't see my name on the wall, so I was like, all right, I guess, I guess we're gonna, you know, try this pitching thing out and see if we can win a national championship. Yeah. Just doing this. So you were A catcher at Air Force and then you would also, you would take the pads off and then you'd go out on the mound and you'd close that same game? So my, yeah, so my first, my first series ever was actually at LSU and it was during covid. So the, the, it was like 25 or 30% capacity, but I caught, I don't know, seven or eight innings and then took the pads off and went down to the bullpen.


And I just remember the fans down the, the, because the bullpens are on the line, like you and the fans are right on top of you at LSU and, and they're, you know, oh, they're, they're out of pitching. They're, they're bringing their catcher in, that kind of thing. And I, I came in and we won, but I did give up a home run to, to Dylan Cruz. Great player. Good player. Really good player. Good Teammate. Yeah. Dude, this is insane. So I didn't fully realize that. Like, so have you had, I mean, I would assume you've had moments where you've had to like step back and be like, this has all happened in basically two years because you went to LSU, you win a national title, you start pitching full time, you're the number one pick. And then before it's even a year past the national title, you're pitching in major league baseball throwing like 11 strikeouts a game.


Like, that's, that's insane. Has anyone ever sat you down and been like, this isn't how it usually goes? This is, this is nuts. Yeah. I mean, people, people talk about it, but I don't know. It it, you know, nobody, nobody's trajectory is the same. Yeah. It's not linear, you know, nobody progresses through this game, you know, the same way. So I don't, I don't, this is kind of how my journey is. That's kind of what I've realized. And not to say that it's never happened before or that it's not gonna happen again, but definitely, definitely cool to take a step back. But it's just baseball at the end of the Day. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wait, so when was the, when was the first time?


Do you remember the first time you threw a hundred and you're like, oh, shit, that feels different. I, I think it was at LSU. Yeah. And we, we had a fall game, I think it was against like Nichols State and right after the Alabama game when they were running on, you know, the, they mobbed the field and all that. But so it was a pretty cool couple. Yeah. Yeah. And then I, I think they had the track man pulled it, pulled up in the dugout And it said a hundred on there. And I came into the dugout after I pitched and they were like, Hey, you just hit a hundred. And I looked on the sheet the next day because we get a, you know, a sheet with our actual velos movement profiles, that kind of thing. And it said 99.5.


And I was like, oh, ah, kidding me, you round it up. I didn't actually hit a hundred. So I think, I think it was during the season at some point, yeah. It should round up for every other number except a hundred. Except A hundred Hundred. Then You have to, and then 90, you know, when, you know, in high school or or college, whenever you hit 90 for the first time, I think, I think that's the same way. Yeah. Yeah. Those are two big milestones. Yeah. So, so do you think you could catch yourself? I think so, yeah. Yeah. I mean, it should be easy, right? I I mean I, yeah, We, I'm sure there's like a, with all the different batting cages and like Trevor Bowers hole like thing, like I'm sure you could mimic Paul Skeen throwing and you catching. Yeah. Well there's, there's something called a tra jack now, and I've never that, that's what I think all the big league teams have.


I know we have, it is, is just, it's basically a machine that I, I think it's like a, a screen that, you know, shows a, the pitcher going through their delivery and then the ball coming out and it's all, all your pitches. And so you can put it into a, which is honestly pretty tough for pitchers. Yeah. 'cause hitters have faced you however many times. Yeah, yeah. They even step in. But, so I guys can step in and hit off themselves or, so I, I could, I could catch myself. I just don't think, Could you hit yourself? I could. I don't think anybody would like that if I If you tried to hit, Stepped in there, And it. I could if I wanted to. Yeah. I'd Imagine that being a catcher, it prepared you to be a pitcher. Yeah. Because you see it from a different perspective, right?


Yeah. And I, I think being a hitter also, but definitely, I mean, just, just seeing the game from the, the other side of it. That was something I was super lucky with when I was at Air Force. We, we got scouting reports and then they were just like, Hey, you're gonna call the game and 'cause you know, college the coach calls it and then you, you put the fingers down, whatever. But from the beginning when I was at Air Force from, you know, my first game there, 'cause it's a, it is a leadership exercise. That's basically how our, our head coach put it. So I was calling the game from, from my first game, you know, that I was catching at LSU or whatever my freshman year, you know, thinking the game that way.


And I think it's, it's only helped me, you know, to this point. Yeah. I I read that you were, you were considering both Navy and Air Force for college. Did you pick Air Force? Because the Navy doesn't have F fifteens? No, I, That's why I would've picked. Yeah. Yeah. So I had, I had a couple uncles who were in the Navy and one of them was on a sub and one of them was on a destroyer and they're both six five, so it's pretty tight, you know? Yeah. You're walking around like that. So I think, I think the, I I, you know, at the time I thought the lifestyle in the Air Force would've been a little bit better. I thought I, when I committed I was probably like six three And. it was like, I was like, yeah, flying F sixteens will be sick. And then I hop in an F 16 when I'm 6 5, 6 6 in the backseat and I'm like, all right, this, yeah, this kind of sucks.


Do you Think are, are you done growing? 'cause it feels like you might not be. I, I think so. I don't know. I mean it feels like every If you If you grew that late, you might still have another. Like what If you end up being six, seven. Oh man. Yeah. I definitely wouldn't be flying F 16. Yeah. Yeah. Good thing about the Air Force is there are a few different planes that you can fly. Yeah. Yeah. Where did you wanna fly? C seventeens. Okay. Big, you know, by the, by the time it was all said and done when I was at Air Force, that's, that's where we flew to all our way trips at the Air Force Academy. You know, they would, they would be flying, you know, their own missions and just fly through Colorado Springs, take us to wherever we need to go and And it. Like If, you If, you guys have never seen a C 17.


It's, it's awesome. Yeah. It's huge. Yeah. They, and one of the recruiting, the recruiting pitches that players would give us was, you know, Hey, while we're flying to North Carolina or California or wherever, we can play Wiffle ball while we're on the plane 'cause it's that big inside. And I, I never did that, but we could have. Yeah. That's So badass though. Yeah. C 17 picks up Air Force to take 'em on road trips. Yeah. And it, it, it just works out perfectly. And c seventeens I think are the biggest, the most common airplane for ex Air Force baseball players to fly. So every time we fly, basically we have an ex-Air Force baseball player, which it's, it's awesome just, you know, having a 2010 grad, flying around 20, I was a 24 grad, you know, flying me around and it's, you know, he was there, you know, 10 years before I was four, you know, 15 years before I was, whatever it is.


Yeah. Just like the legacy of it. That, that was really cool. That is awesome. So, and you, and you still are, are very active. You, you do stuff with the Gary Sese Foundation, which helps veterans. And so what, what kind of stuff have you been doing with them? Yeah, I mean really just trying to raise as much money as possible. I think it's a a hundred dollars a strikeout that, that I'm donating and obviously trying to, you know, just basically get as much support as possible just 'cause they're, you know, they're a, they're a really good foundation that does a lot for veterans, first responders and their families. And that's, that's something that, you know, we, we can never fully repay them for what they've done for us.


Yeah. Agreed. So, you know, it's, it's, it's never gonna be enough, but it, it's a step. So. Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. How Many more starts do you have left this year, Man? Got a month left or something? Yeah, Probably like four Or five. Around there. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You know what I'll match. Oh, I'll double. Not that. I'll double love it. Big Cat's gonna double. I'm gonna match. Love it. I'm just matching big cat's. Double I'm doubling For the record. Love it. So two, 200 a strikeout. 200 a strikeout. Yeah. I'll do 100. Okay. Two. You're very good at pitching. So I don't, I don't wanna do 200, 200. Right. I'm matching. I'm, I'm doubling. I'm doubling. Yeah. I'm, I've doubled. Love It. Yeah. Yeah. I appreciate it. What's crazy is that I think I, I said yesterday that Ted Williams is, he's the only player in terms of unbreakable stats that hit 400 in a season and also shot down four enemy aircraft.


I feel like you are the, probably the only hope to break that record ever. Mm. Yeah. I don't, the 400 would probably be tough. Yeah. I might have to get like two at bats and get one hit. Yeah. In a, in a little picture. That's What that Counts. Especially with the No DH now, but that, that would count. Yeah. Yeah. The, the four enemy aircraft actually might be the harder one in, in, probably in that. But you at least are in the conversation. You're in the conversation. Yeah. You're in the conversation. Your next step on the 10. Yeah. We started the Conversation. Yeah. I gotta ask a question about the game earlier. It was, I think it was last month, or No, it was, it was in July against Milwaukee.


No. Hitter through seven and they take you out. Yeah. Were you pissed? Be honest, you can be fully honest. We'll cut all this. Yeah. No, I was more pissed at myself than because I was at like 98 pitches or something like that. And I wa I I was, I was tired. Oh, you were? Yeah. And that's, that's what our, it was the outing right before the Allstar break. I was, I was tired to be, you know, You need to like have like a sign in your back pocket where you can take it out and be like, I'm tired guys, because I was mad for you. Yeah. But I wish I had known, I should have been not mad. I was also at 60 pitches, I think through three innings. So I was, I was really just, and that was one of the games where, you know, guys will say like, you have 30 starts in a year.


You're gonna feel great for 10 of 'em. You're gonna feel terrible for 10 of 'em, and then whatever, 10 you're gonna, you know, it could go either way. s something like that. I've heard that a number of different ways, but that was kind of one of the ones where I just woke up and didn't feel great. Yeah. Day games are tough. Like, so that was, that was one where it was almost like, I would, we better get the pen going in the second 'cause We'll, we'll see how far We can get with this. And then you end up going no hitter through seven. Yeah. Yeah. It, it kind of funny how that works. But yeah, that was, I, I, like I said, I was more pissed at myself 'cause I was at 60 pitches through 300 because Okay. So we, we, we can't be, we can't be mad about that one because I, I, and I guess you, you have a long career, it's smart to take you out if you're tired.


But I also, every time there's a no-hitter or a perfect game, I'm like, If, you think if it was a perfect game, would you have stayed in? Would you have at least fought for yourself to stay in? Yeah. I, I mean, and that's, that's one thing that, you know, I, I fight for myself to my, you know, to an extent with all these games because there, there are games where I throw a hundred pitches and I feel like I could throw 50 more. And there are games where I throw 85 and, you know, all right. That's it. So it really is game to game like that because I think we are stupid sports fans where we're like, a hundred pitches is always the number in our head. Like, once you get over a hundred, oh man, this is, but it's, there's some days where it's like, I could throw 150, no problem. Yeah. And I, I think, I think that is one of the perks of being 22 probably.


Yeah. Because I, I would, I would do that pretty routinely last year at LSU and, you know, we were all comfortable with it. You know, I, I would feel good the, the next day my body was just built up and I think it is, you know, still built up. But that is also, this is the longest season I've ever played because I've basically been full go since, you know, the start of spring training Yeah. In February till now. So as opposed to whatever, February through June in, in college. So it, that, that it's a, it's an adjustment. Yeah. So With the transition to the rookie year, I remember Jamar Chase, LSU guy, when he started playing with the Bengals in practice. He was like, it's gonna take a second to get used to the ball.


There's no white stripes on the ball in the NFL. But this might be a dumb question in baseball. Is there a difference between the college ball and the major league baseball? Yeah. Big time. And I actually like the big league ball more, but the seams on a, on a college ball are, the college balls are, are pretty bad. And because the, the seams vary so much, you know, you get, you get one with big seams, small seams, and then you can feel like the, the how hard the baseball is, how soft it is, that kind of thing. Just 'cause like they're, they're cheaply made. Yeah. You can, you can like feel it with the college balls. And I think up to double AA is kinda like the college ball, but then AAA and the big leagues we use use the same balls.


And then spring training we used, we use big league balls also, and I threw with big league balls the, the entire off season. So I think that the, you, you look at numbers guys with, with, you know, 18 vert fastballs in college will get to thrown with major league balls and it'll be a 14 vert fastball, for example. Like, everything just kind of moves a little bit less with a big league ball, but they're more consistent. They're, I don't know, they feel better in my hand. So it's an adjustment to make. I think some guys hate it, some guys love it. I'm, I'm probably on the Love It side, but yeah, it's, it's definitely, it's definitely an adjustment.


Yeah. How Many strikeouts, do you have a number in your head that you have to reach where you don't have to worry about baby Gronk anymore? No. Okay. So you're just not wor you are you, you, you think you could throw like Infinity strikeouts, you'd still have to worry about Baby Gronk? No. Oh, it's the other way. Yeah. Other way. Okay. You don't have to worry about baby Gronk. Yeah. Okay. All right. Good. That's good. 'cause I don't know if that was ever in your head. You're like, baby Gronk. No, he's trying to riz up my girlfriend. Like, no, gotta worry about this. Like, I'm at the ballpark. Where's Baby Gronk? No, no, never, never worried about that. Alright, good. They, I think you, you're taking the right approach. Yeah. But I just wanted to make sure 'cause we'll take care of Baby Gronk for you. If. you need Us to, no, I don't. Yeah, okay.


I I don't have social media or anything like that. That's smart. Very, really smart. Yeah. That's stuff, because I don't, I don't even wanna start talking about the Grizzler and what could the Grizzler, he's next up, I don't even know who that is. Yeah. Right. And that, that's how I was with Baby Gronk or whatever. How long did it take, How Long did it take for somebody to explain to you what was happening during the Baby Gronk Thing? Because it took, I'm online And. it still took somebody like Yeah. 30 minutes get it was, it was basically like someone speaking Chinese to me. Yeah. And it. I just, somebody I don't know, sent it to me or something. Like what? The what? Alright. Whatever. Maybe Gronk, just some more stupid internet stuff. Yep. That's Pretty much what it was. Stupid Internet stuff. Yeah. That that's, that's it.


Okay. We're not worried about Baby Gronk. And thank God you don't know who the Grizzler is. Maybe I'll tell you afterwards because Yeah. Whatever. He's like seven and he's a pheno. Oh, Great. Yeah.


Paul Skees is being brought to you by Verizon. We're excited for the best time of year football season, Verizon can help you win Sunday and be fully prepared for football. Watching with NFL Sunday ticket, meaning you get your favorite teams outta market games every Sunday afternoon after the move to Chicago, I'm gonna use NFL Sunday ticket to watch every Sunday Commanders' game on my own terms. I can keep up with my team from afar. I can watch commanders' games right at home or on the go with my phone. If I'm in the bathroom, I can bring the phone with me. Boom. Commanders' games right there. It's outta market. Doesn't matter. With Verizon, I can watch it. You don't need to go out to the bars to catch the game. It relies on NFL Sunday ticket to get the commanders games that I want and need to watch, and the ones I can't live without. Now you can get NFL Sunday ticket from YouTube TV to keep up with all your favorite teams and outta market games on Sunday afternoon too. Get an awesome deal on NFL Sunday ticket from YouTube with Verizon. And now here's more. Paul Skees.


What, what's your favorite type of strikeout? Is it looking or swinging? I love looking. Definitely depends. Looking, looking is sweet. Yeah. Especially, I mean, not especially not one of those where, you know, one of those cheap ones where the umpire gives it to you Yeah. And they're arguing, but like one where you just like kind of beat him. Yeah. He's sitting something else and you throw the, you know exactly what he's thinking. Right. Basically. Yeah. I just love whenever you, whenever a pitcher like freezes a guy up. Yeah. Because there's no, there's no worst feeling of like, I didn't even get to swing the bat. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But you have a favorite strikeout, Like from this year? Yeah. Or, or, yeah. Maybe at bat or from LSU Probably, but I don't know.


I, I, if, if there were one favorite it would definitely be a looking strikeout. I'll say that. Okay. I don't know, maybe I don't even remember if my first strikeout was looking. Yeah. I mean the, the, Yeah. I guess my first strike out All-star game, you had a strikeout, right? Pretty. Or did you have to Oh, you didn't? No. Oh man. I could tell The kind of a bust. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Super disappointing. You shouldn't have started. Yeah. That's going on Baby Gronk bulletin board. When, when did you No, strikeouts the Allstar game. Yeah. When, When did you find out that you were gonna start? Because we were saying like two weeks before Yeah. That if baseball is smart, they will make sure that you start in the Allstar Game. Yeah, so I was on the Damn Patrick show and the day after my start in Milwaukee, we had just gotten to Chicago.


We were playing the White Sox and doing the podcast on the, the Dan Patrick show. And our, our PR guy texted me, said, Hey, If, you make sure to keep your phone on while you're, I'm doing this thing on the laptop. And he, and he text me, make sure to keep your phone on and If you get a call from whatever area code, answer it. And I'm like, all right. Like, I think I know what this is then if, if I'm going to answer a call while I'm on a, on the Dan Patrick show. But he, Tory Llo is the, the manager and he ends up calling Dan, I think, and he was like, Hey, you know, I chose you to start the all-star game. And I was like, oh, okay. And I didn't say yes or no.


And he, he, he, he was like, do you accept? I'm like, yeah, of course I accept. But he, he told me on air, my, you know, my parents, my family, you know, everyone's watching it. And so that everybody found out at the same time that I did, basically, while it was, while it was live on air. Yeah. That's very cool. That's awesome. Where do you stand on robot? SI Like the challenge system. That's what we had in aaa. Yeah. I really, I do like the human part of the game, which is kind of probably ironic to say, but we, we have a really good catcher yells minus Grand Al and that, that's obviously how I came up. I mean, grand al you know, Henry, Joey, Bart, like, they're, they can all catch, they can all receive. And that's part of the game is just stealing strikes.


And it's part, it's also part of the game of, you know, the, the cat and mouse game between the catcher, the pitcher, the umpire, all of it. So I, I, I think if we're gonna go any anywhere with it, the challenge system, but I think it's, I think full on robot s is, it kind of just removes the purpose of a catcher a little bit. You know, de incentivizes framing and, and Yeah. You know, making stuff Yeah. Look good. Which is, you know, I, I, for the longest time I wanted to be a big league catcher, and so I'm, I'm, I'm biased there. Yeah. I kind of Agree with that too. And we always say that it's good to have somebody get mad at, so if if Yeah.


Always be able To push and you're like, damn, I'm fucked us on this one with a robot. You can't really say that. Although you'd probably remember that pitch. I think it was against the Cubs, right? There Was, there was one last night, There was one, it was against the Cubs a couple weeks ago where it was like 11 inches outside the strike zone. Yeah. but it was a position player throwing it. So the umpire was just like, strike, let's get outta here. Yeah. In a 14 run ball game. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That was, yeah. That was quite a game. You, you had to feel good though, your manager having your back last night. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause that was like a, he, I think he's, he was like, no, you talked to me yelling at the ump. Yeah. That, that was odd. That was the first time I've ever had something like that. Yeah. In, in my career. 'cause that's not a thing in college. Yeah. Because I guess the ump was mad, you kind of walked off, but like, Yeah.


I don't know. That's, that's another thing, you know, Yaz is, is a really good ca he fools me all the time with those pit, especially to the, to the, you know, to my glove side. He's just so good at moving the ball there. And I thought it was like, you know, well within the zone, I look back And, it was, you know, a baller ball and half outside. But yeah, I didn't, you know, just kind of, I, I thought he was, you know, stepping back to ring him up or something like that. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I love about umpires though, is that like, they, they will get, I'm not saying this guy did it last night, but they have egos too. Yeah. And so you kinda respect him so you could throw a strike and then they're gonna be like, nah, fuck that guy. He didn't walk off on me. That's a ball. Yeah. Get back and then he'll start yelling at your manager to like, get you in line.


I just, it's fun having big egos like Joe West, those kind of guys. And they're not always great for the players, I understand that. but it fans at home that enjoy chaos. That to me is like part of the charm of baseball. Yeah. Just watch the world burn a little bit. Yeah, Exactly. It Was cool. 'cause Doug came up to me after and you know, basically say, yeah, it's cool to, to watch you pitch from behind the plate. That kind of thing. I got he, he said like, he has five more years and, and he is looking forward to having me again and that kind of thing. So kind of a, it was cool. Yeah, yeah. Ended well. Yeah. Yeah. You don't seem like a guy that would try to show somebody up. No. And, and that, that's one thing that I was thinking about also is did you know, did I do anything I, 'cause like, you know, like he said, I'm, you know, I, that was the first time I had ever had him, you know, behind the plate for, for one of my starts.


But I know I'll have him again. You know, all, all these that, that, that is, that's really cool about the big leagues for me, you know, it, when I'm in college up until the transfer portal thing, we're, we're facing a team. Like, I'm not gonna play with those guys, you know, for at least, you know, three or four years until maybe I get to pro ball and they're on the same team transfer portal. It's a little different. 'cause you could play anyone and they're on your team the next year. But that's how pro ball is, you know, you know, you could trade for somebody, claim 'em off waivers, that kind of thing. Anyway, any, it, it's cool for me to think about how any anyone on, on the Cubs could be on our team next year and Yeah.


I could be playing with them. So You could be on the Cubs. Yeah. Like, it, it's just, you know, we could, we could all be playing together. Yeah. So it doesn't make any sense for me to have anyone on my bad side. Yeah. And we're gonna be playing against each other forever, so it'd Be cool. If you were reunited with Dylan Cruz at some point in dc That would Be cool. That Would Be awesome. Yeah. He, I'd love to see That. Yeah. We got him this weekend, but yeah, that, that would be cool. He's the guy I would love to play with. You mentioned like AAA ball and you did play at AAA to start the season. What was it like you, so you pitched 27 innings and you had 45 strikeouts. Was that just the coolest thing ever? Being like, I, this is so easy for me?


Yeah, I mean, there was, there were some growing pains there because I would, I, I had a pitch count every outing. Oh, okay. And I was, it was extremely frustrating for me to, 'cause I'm, I'm learning how to pitch in, in pro ball, really. And a lot of these guys are big league kiters that are, you know, down there and, and getting called back up, that kind of rehab guys, that kind of thing. So I'm pitching against big leagues essentially. And it would, you know, I would, I would have an outing where I'm at 60 pitches and three innings and I'd get pulled and I, I, you know, I'd just be pissed for a week until I pitched the next time. Like, so that, that was the, that was the tough part for me. You know, I was, I was striking people out, whatever, but It was 45 strikeouts in terms.


But it, it's crazy. But I was almost striking too many people out, I think because it was so inefficient. I'm trying to learn how to, because I'm, I, you know, I'm getting a three, two counts too often. And I did that yesterday too. So it, it was frustrating for me on that end is, you know, just trying to, because I, you know, I can strike out however many people I want in three innings, but that's not, you know, there are still six innings left to play in the game. So I gotta, I gotta cover my innings. So that's kind of how I was thinking about it as I was, as I was building up. I'm like, this is how it's gonna have to be when I get to the show. You know. So I was really just learning how to, how to pitch and, and pro ball against, against big leaguers. When You, when you get a O2 count, do you, are you ever like, I'm not wasting one.


Like lemme just strike 'em out right here? Yeah, it depends. I think they're, sometimes it's, it's like that. And sometimes, I mean, if there're a runner's on, it's, it's different. But sometimes I, I I play around too much. Yeah. For more than I should, but yeah. So, you know, still learning, getting Cute. Yeah. They're Like upset with you in AAA ball. 'cause they can't see you pitch outta the stretch enough. You don't know how he does with the runner's on base 45 strings, 27. This is insane. Yeah. Yeah. I saw you. Are you throwing a slinker? Yeah, they call it a slinker. I call it the sinker. Ooh. Slinker. What's the difference? Split and sinker. Yeah. What's the difference between the two? So the splitter is like a true, you split the ball.


Yeah. You know, in between your fingers or you spit, obviously in between your fingers. But basically kind of more in the middle of the ball, the sinker, it's usually fingers together and it's just, you know, you throw it harder, And, it moves down an arm side. I, I split my fingers a little bit. I don't split the ball, but I split my fingers a little bit. And, it just comes off my fingers in a way that it breaks spin And, it makes the ball move down, basically. Not necessarily more than anybody else. It's just a little bit different, I think. Yeah. I just like the name, the Splinter. Splinter Is a great name. A good, have you thought about throwing an efis? No. Ball. An offseason project. Yes. Dude. The efis would fuck people up.


Like every now and then, like, I'm not saying every game, but If, you had an efis just every, I don't know, once a month it would work. Yeah. Because no one would expect it. Yeah. It's Too slow for 'em. Yeah. Yeah. Zach Ky. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Reky used to do it. It was so much fun too, because you're like, what was that? Yeah. And actually the only thing, the only downside of the eef is I feel like Umps don't know how to call 'em. Yeah. The, the one that was 11 inches outta the strike zone. You might get that call maybe. That'd be nice. Yeah. Yeah. So are you working on new pitches during the season? Or is that strictly an offseason thing? I think it depends. I I, when I was in college last year, when I was at LSUI, I, I, you know, I was holding a baseball one day and I'm like, oh, this, this grip feels good.


And started throwing it. I, I wanted it to be a gyro slider, basically. I, I was throwing the sweeper. I wanted it to be something that was more down and, you know, just straight down basically. And then I end up throwing it and it's, it's a full on curve ball, which is what I'm throwing now. And I started throwing it the next, next outing. And that, that, that was how I did it last year. I And it, it, it just worked. But I haven't felt the need to do that this year. Yeah. So, you know, we'll see where we're at next year. Probably an off season thing if I'm going to add stuff. Yeah. Just haven't felt the need to do that this year. I love The idea of you just holding a baseball and being like, oh, that I'm holding it differently than I've held it before.


Let's see if I can throw it like this. Yeah. That, That's how, that's how pitch design come. I mean that, you know, that's how pretty much all my pitches. Yeah. That's, that's how you Should just carry around a baseball with you at all times. Yeah. I've had be moving it I've, and be like, oh, what's this few Pitching coaches tell me I should, you know, drive around, have a, have at least one baseball in my truck, you know, you know, and just hold it while, you know, just play around with it. Oh, that feels good. That thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, there, there's something to it. Yeah. Because that's how I, that's how I figured out the sinker splinter. And so I figured out the curve ball change up, you know, way back. So something To, yeah, it'd be funny.


If, you were like out at a restaurant. Somebody's like, I think that's Paul Skees, but I'm not sure. And you're just holding a baseball looking at it. Baseball. Oh, y'all pretty, that's, That's him. That's a funny story on that. That's how I knew I was gonna go to LSU because we we're, I'm touring. I'm on my official visit there and I'm touring around, went to the football stadium, touring the campus, that kind of thing. And then we're going to dinner, we're going to, you know, whatever steakhouse it was with the coaches and it's just me. And you know, Jay Johnson, our head coach, Wes Johnson, the pitching coach, and then Josh Jordan, our, our recruiting coordinator. So just me and three, you know, they're all like 5, 5, 5 6, And it and then me. And so it was kind of funny, but Wes, Wes, you know, was the pitching coach. He made me take a ball so we could go there and talk pitch grips.


And then within like 10 minutes of us being at dinner, I'm like, I'd be an idiot not to go here. Yeah. He just made me bring a baseball to Ruth Chris or whatever it was. Yeah. I'm holding it while we're getting our, you know, calamari Yeah. And that kind of thing. And he's telling me about, you know, oh, this is this, you know, sea shifted whatever. And so I was like, yeah, that this is how I know I'm going to Ellis. Yeah. Yeah. That, that sounds like it's a good fit. Yeah. It Also just dawned on me, I never even thought about it, but you're kind of right. Like I feel like all college coaches are just like short, angry guys. They do have a breed to 'em. Yeah. With college co baseball coaches. Yeah. That, that's how we, we had the, I think we had the shortest coaching staff in, in, in the country when I was there. Yeah. Yeah. Because I, maybe it's because like, I feel like co catchers make really good coaches, so it's a lot of catchers who were shorter.


Yeah. Yeah. but it does, like, I, when I close my eyes and think of a college baseball coach, it's like a five, five angry guy. Super tan. Yeah. Super tan. Never, never worn sunscreen. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like actually uncomfortably tan. Yeah. We were, were like, it's, should he get that checked out? Yeah. Yeah. I love that. I, I Read that you were, you were a narc in college. Oh no. Narc. Yeah. Is that true? Depends who you ask. Like you would, you would, you would patrol around the, the dorms and be like, that guy's bed's not good enough. Oh. So, so yeah. So, so we had, gosh, what was it called? Your, your rooms have to be in AAMI is what it's called. AM inspection is, you know, that's how it is. And, and fresh pin, your rooms had to be in Sammy condition Saturday morning inspection.


And we were, I forget what the job was called, but we're in, you know, in our squadron there are 40 squadrons. And then you have, I can't even remember how many elements and flights there are. Just the breakdown of it. But everybody has a job within the squadron. And so my job is basically to inspect other people's rooms, other squadrons rooms in, in, during the day when I'm not in class and that kind of thing. That's just how we do it. So I, I go to, I go to someone's room, And, it was pretty tough. You, you can't have your locks unlocked while you're there. 'cause that's a security violation. You gotta, you know, If, you have classified documents and that kind of thing. We're kind of just training for, you know, to be in the operational Air force.


And, you know, locks were unlocked. He had a big Chicago Bulls flag On Contraband. Yeah. Contraband. And I was like, I, if I put my name, I was just thinking like, I'm a sophomore. If I put my name on this and, you know, a, a major or a, or a lieutenant colonel or something walks by and sees this and sees that I give, gave this guy a passing score when it's clearly not a passing score. Yeah. And, which might have been a little bit paranoid on my part, but I was like, screw it, this guy needs to clean his room. And I wrote like, I don't know, whatever, 50% or whatever. Was He your friend? No, I didn't know him. Oh, that's gotta suck to see.


Like, turn on the TV and see you dominating and be like, that was the guy. Yeah. Yeah. That was the narc. Maybe he Was right. Maybe that inspires him to clean his, what would you give this room? We keep it Pretty Oh yeah. Pretty tidy. We pass. Well, I mean, it looks fun. We've got, but, but I mean, you're not, you're not sleeping in here or anything. Right? I got Classified. There's people, people have people slept. Oh yeah. Yeah. I don't know. This wouldn't pa this wouldn't be in condition. I got the Air Force. Oh, you Think so? But it's pretty, it's a pretty cool room. We've also had like the last, I do have this, The last month we've been like, If, you want it? We're gonna clean. We're gonna clean. Oh, that's sick. F 15 Eagle 104 and Oh yeah. All time. Record four and Oh, love it. Yeah. Never been shot down. Yeah. Yeah. It's classified the, I, this, this might be a dumb question because it kind of shows that I don't have a lot of ambition, but I always like dream about being a major league baseball player.


Not pitching, but the days off. Are they awesome? Especially after you win. So I do it differently. Okay. I think If, you ask somebody else, it would be a, a different answer. But I, I, 90% of the time when we have a day off, I'm at the field just 'cause All right. So yeah. This is my lack of ambition where I'm just like, I would love to win a game and then just like, fuck around for four Days. Yeah. Position players, 95% of 'em don't come to the field. You need a, you need your days off. But some guys come to lift and, you know, hot tub, cold tub, whatever it is. But yeah, I, I don't a lot of guys, you know, golf or, or you know, do whatever on the day off.


You just love being at the field. I just, the way I see it, like if I'm, if I pitch If, you know, I pitch every six days and if if the off day falls on the fourth day, I gotta stay on schedule. Yeah. That's just how I am. But Okay. Yeah. Not every, not everybody probably Why you're really good at pitching. Yeah. I mean, It's not, I basically daydream about the days off. I'd be like, I'm on vacation right now. Yeah. Yeah. And, and there are times where I need a day off too. I mean, it's such a long season Yeah. Than that. It is, it's crazy. Yeah. It's literally three times as long as the college season. Yeah. Yeah. And you were talking earlier about you were a Friday night guy. Yeah. Like you, you were the guy that would get the ball in his hands on Friday nights. And I, you can sense like a, a big sense of pride when you say I was the Friday night guy.


Yeah. So I think I said that when I was, 'cause that's, that was when I was at Air Force and I basically convinced the art coach to let me pitch on Friday so that I could start, so that I could catch on Sundays because I couldn't catch on Friday and then throw on Sunday, which is what he wanted me to do at the beginning. And we just figured out that the, like my, I couldn't do that. My arm would feel terrible. And 'cause we did that in the fall and yeah. So that's, you know, I, I pitched on Fridays at, at Air Force and I pitched on Fridays at LSU obviously too. So, but that started just because I wanted to catch on Friday. On Sunday Was Did any pitchers ask you to maybe not throw it back so hard?


Maybe at one point that that's like, I never even, it just dawned on me like, Paul Skees is throwing it back to you. That kind of sucks. That, that was a, Hey dude, that pitch sucked. Yeah. So I'm Curious. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Other than that, I, I just lobb it back. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Do you Think you could compete in the home run derby? Not right now. Okay. I, I do think, I think it was Marco Gonzalez, one of our other pitchers who told, told, who said this earlier this year they need to have a pitchers home run derby. Yes. Oh, I like that. Yeah. And by at the end of my hitting career, I was hitting like twice a week. 'cause that's all they would let me do. 'cause they're like, you know, we need to manage your back and your hips and you know, that your shoulders, that kind of thing.


So I'd hit twice a week and I just completely lost field for it. And I was just spraying balls to right field. That's the only place I could hit it. That's the only I was hitting out to right field, but could not pull the ball at all. So Yeah. If we did a home run derby, I would be just peppering it field, wall field. That's a great idea. Like, I would watch, I would watch the Hell out. I mean show hey, which is run Derby. Yeah. Well, he doesn't pitching, Isn't it? Is he, He's about to win the mvp. Yeah. As a, he's just a freak. Like you No. Being in the game and pitching every six days. Like how insane is it that he's doing this where it's just he does everything. Yeah. It's, it's crazy. And I, I think one of the reasons that 'cause my body didn't feel great when I would two way.


Yeah. But I was a righty hitter. Righty pitcher. So I think it might help him a little bit to be a righty pitcher and a lefty hitter. Yeah. Just to balance it all out. But regardless, that's Unbel. Like I've never been in the locker room with him. It, but, and so I've never seen how hard he works and that kind of thing. but it has to be just unbelievable work ethic, intensity and all of it. Like Yeah. To, to go out there and do that. It's, yeah. It's nuts. Unbelievable. Is there one guy that has hit exceptionally well off you? Like is there a guy that you're very careful around already? It feels like definitely. I mean, definitely him. Yeah.


Yeah. I'm not, lemme see. I'm gonna look it up. I feel like you've played against the Cubs a lot. Yeah, we have. I, I probably shouldn't. Hold on. Let's see. Just to, Yeah. Yeah. Sack. Oh, say it, Say it. Yeah. Classified information. No, Your ops are listening. I don't know. I def I, yeah. The Cubs are tough to face. They're not. They really are. No, you don't have to say that. No, they are not, They're not that tough. Alright, let's see. Cody Bellinger, ISS two for seven off of you. That's not great. Nico's got a home run off you. He's two for five. He's probably the best. Yeah. And then, yeah, so that's, yeah. You can't get Nico out. There you go. Yeah, he's The Two for five. He's the Paul stopper. Yeah. He's also got two Ks, but that's, oh no, he actually, actually hasn't, he hasn't gotten struck out by you, but yeah.


So there it is. Nico Horner is, yeah, he's the Paul Stopper. We got one. I Guess. so, yeah. Alright. So I, this has been awesome. We're gonna, like I said, it's great that you're doing this work with the Gary Snee Foundation. We're gonna match for the rest of the season. I'm gonna double, so go get some more strikeouts. I had one last question.


Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts. Rollback dot com. Promo code. Take


Pittsburgh. We love Pittsburgh. It's the fans, the people, the city. It's like one of our favorite cities. Hey, do you feel like you're finally home at Pittsburgh? I know you've had a crazy last couple years, but like, have you had a chance to enjoy the city and, and be like, this place Rocks? Yeah, it's a cool place. Yeah. Stadium's obviously really cool. Only problem is the rain. I mean, that's just, I think my first like six or seven outings at home. There was some sort of rain delay or it was raining when we started the game or something like that. Or it rained that day, whatever. But fans are great stadium's. Awesome. Just beautiful to, to look out there. I I live outside the city a little bit and so we, I don't go into the city a a ton.


They have a canes in the city. So I, I go in here to Nice, nice. Get that sometimes. But yes, we've, we've spent some off days in there. It's, it's a cool place to, to hang out and, you know, just, it's just a really cool place. Yeah. Yeah. Talk to Todd Graves. Get something on the menu at, at Cannes where it's the, the Pittsburgh style where it's the tenders and the fries. Yeah. And the Fries. The, I've never had, what is that per Manny brothers Manny style. Yeah. I've never had a sandwich from there. It's good. It's really good. Yeah. Yeah. It's very good. Yeah. But I've heard about that. Yeah. Have you, have you talked to anybody on the Steelers? Is there a, a relationship there? Like if, if they need emergency quarterback? You Have Not yet. I haven't, I haven't talked to anyone yet. Do You have a pro team?


'cause you were from California. Who were you, did you root for NFL team? No, Steelers. Just say Steelers. Steelers. Steelers. Big time Steelers. Fan Steelers. There you go. Here we go. That's gonna be like the, that's gonna lead the seven o'clock news in Pittsburgh. Yeah. Paul Skeen says he's always been a Steelers fan My whole life. And seriously? No, that, that's how you get 'em. They say They're Steelers in Pittsburgh. There's other sports teams, but you guys are the baseball Steelers. Yeah. And then there's the hockey Steelers. Yeah. Yep. They're just always thinking about the Steelers. Yeah. That is one thing that's interesting about the fans. I think it's, they're all Steelers fans. Yeah. That just come to the games. They're just, they come to yell and, and I've never been in the, in the stands, so I'm just having a guess. They, they're coming to yell and drink and, and just have a good time.


Yeah. Yeah. Which makes it fun to, to be out there. It's, they're rowdy. Yeah. You gotta go to a Steelers game this year. Yeah, I do. Yeah. Do. Yeah. It's a great City. I mean, it's, it is walking distance. It's right there. Yeah. You know, it is one of our favorite cities. 'cause it's just, I don't know, people are just, they're great people and they love, they love their sports and they also love food that's not healthy for you. Which is something is we love as well. Yeah, no, it's, we're describing ourselves. One of a kind city. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Paul, thank you so much, man. We really appreciate you stopping by. Anytime you're in Chicago, which again, I feel like you've pitched against Cubs like every other day. Yeah. It's at least twice. A twice a year. Yeah. At, at this point. Yeah. That, that we're coming out here and Yeah. Man. Yeah. That, that was my fourth start against the Cubs. I know. It was a, I seriously, I was just like, what the fuck?


Yeah. How is he doing this again? Yeah, yeah. But thanks so much man. We really appreciate you stopping By. Yeah, no, I appreciate you guys. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks man.


Welcome back to another Fyre Fest of The Week brought to you by our friends at Morgan and Morgan. You know, it really sucks having a loud dog living next to you and you can't figure out how to make it be quiet and you don't get any sleep. And then you come into work and you're grumpy. That really stinks. You know what really stinks? Being tired during the day, taking a nap, and then having your coworkers just assault you for exercising your right to take a little snooze, midday. It stinks. You know what doesn't stink? Calling Morgan and Morgan so they can help get you what you deserve. While they can't help Hank catches Z and wake up refreshed, they can help to fight you. Get full and fair compensation when you're injured. They're fees free unless they win For. more information. Go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law at pound five two nine from your cell phone. For more information. Go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law. It's pound five two nine from your cell phone.


Okay, let's wrap up the show. Fire Fest of the week. Henry, Danny is your fire fest at Memes is Hollywood. What's the beef with? Memes? Memes. Memes has posted the picture of his living room set up in I think four different social media departments, or four different social media platforms. And Hank has now started calling him Mr. Hollywood. Oh, he Really, he's just doing his jobs. I'm, I'm, I'm poking a little fun. I like, I like memes coming out of his shell, but I like to, I like to poke fun too. What, what's the beef though? I don't have beef with memes. Memes has beef with me. No beef. No beef for Me. No beef. Is it because Hank you think memes is maybe posts some mean things about us?


You, I mean, you guys would, would probably agree. There's sometimes in insult clips. I don't think it's a it's a, that grand conspiracy. We might, we false. That's The gig. He's doing it. That is the gig. No, I know, but But remember the, remember the Bear You, I think you actually commissioned the Bears hit piece on. I'm Saying that's, I'm saying. I get it. I, I just like to make So did you commission that piece? Which one? The One where the, I was like week to week, everything like, oh no, That was great though. Yeah. That was, listen, that was an insult clip, but it did crazy numbers. Right. I was just, I just, I it was more that I think the 17th time I saw the TV thing, I just laughed. Yeah. Holly memes. Listen. He But It, it got a great feedback. There's, there's, it's a good, it's a good feeling. I get it. He Found his pee. It made me laugh. Yeah. Yeah. No, it made me like, it's just, He found his crew Just poking fun.


There also was a couple guys, there was one guy who had a setup that he looked like was Morgan Freeman and Batman. He had, did you remember that? Did you see that memes that one guy set up? Yeah. I was so jealous. He had like 15 TVs. It was So that guy rocks. That's Pretty good. I Also, maybe I'm just walk. 'cause I, I, I remember when I was finally like, we moved to New York, I was like, all right. And then I, I think I lived with roommates and when I finally moved in my own apartment, there is no better feeling than getting the like, but then I was having issues where like, people were coming to my house being like, what are you, like what is this control center? Yeah. When, when it's not a, like a night of a sporting event. Yeah. And somebody walks in there, you should see My basement. They're Like, they're like, what is this What? Closed circuit television cameras are These hook. So I'm, I'm no longer in that game, but I, I kind of miss it.


I love the outdoor TV setup. Yeah. If it, especially this time of year, this is a good outdoor weekend to watch football. Yeah. Memes. I gotta send you my setup. I got five. I Love it. I love it. Yeah. People Just sending me TVs. It's incredible. It's the best maximum amount of TVs. I I actually, I can't get enough of it. Memes. I want you to post it more. Yeah, No, me too. I Had a plan for Sunday. Oh hell yes. Let's go memes. Holly memes. Okay. And I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna, I I mean I feel like my, my rap is just complaining about mount worst force. So I'm not gonna do it. Nine darter. I'm gonna do it. I saw that amateur did it. Yeah. An amateur did It. Memes posted that. There's A chance that, well, I think I posted first.


Oh, Sam Meme stole your content. No, that's, that's he's doing his job. He's just doing his job. And I'm not, I'm not complaining. 'cause I, I accepted it. I could've vetoed it, but I didn't. And the reason this is Really good that you're not complaining that I did it. No, I'm just, I'm just, what's a segment called explaining my, I don't even know what he's talking about right now. Fire my Hank's Fire Fest. I love nine Darters. So my Hank's Fire fest is that he can't, he can't complain about his fire fest. My TikTok algorithm is, is nine Darters. So in my head I'm like, I've seen so many nine Darters. Right. How hard could it be? So that was my thinking when I accepted it. And then afterwards, when the show ended and we looked into the probability and math of it, I came to the realization that I made a mistake.


That's not a fire fest. Last Saturday, last week of the year boat party, I showed up like 80 person boat, party white party. Didn't know. Are you talking about the, when Kent State in Pittsburgh were playing? That Was, it was the day of Kent State. Pittsburgh. Okay. I showed up to a boat. There's no brothers people on board. No. While there's brothers, everyone was wearing white. You were the only person. There was like one other guy. But he was like, kind of like purpleish later I was wearing like a, a neon blue shirt. Oh. This is why we never get invited to, to the fanatics party. Yeah. So what happened? It was just kind of awkward And. it was like, I knew, I knew a few people on the boat, but it was like mostly a bigger group of friends that I was like, I was like not in.


Why Didn't they have t-shirts for people? I thought they should, I mean, everyone was cool. It was just, it was, it would if it was like our, all my friends. It's one thing to like, you know, joke about, but I was kind of just like introducing. Yeah. That's brutal. I would've gone home boat and watched Ken State Pittsburgh boat. Yeah. I was on boat. Well, you knew before you got on the boat. I knew as I was there, like one of one of You stepped on the boat knowing I guess. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't have gotten on the boat. But I Also thought it was like, yeah, it's a white party because one something else was going on the boat was like, were you wearing white? And I'm on the way there. I was like, why would I be wearing white? He is like, it's a white party. And I was like, Ah. And then I was like, well, we're Here. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like If, you're having a white party. You have to have an extra T-shirt or two.


Yeah. You have to have some linen pants. Yeah. Various Sizes. Give people a chance. Yeah. You gotta be ready for that. How was this white party advertised? I just got an invite. Like from a, I think they were just trying to fill out the boat because it was, like I said, it was a bigger group of like college friends. Got it. And then they were just trying to get, you Were the weird guy, But nobody told you that Was the extra invite. Yeah. My invite did guys. So it's The, it's the Guy's fault. Yeah. Fringe guy. I don't like the white, the white party. Like no one looks like great in white. Why don't we do a sweatshirt party? Well, some people look good and white. Yeah, that's true. Who's that? People that aren't fat. Yeah. Yeah. I thought maybe had some brides. Yeah. Brides. Yeah.


Brides. You're a wedding guy. Yeah. I got another One. The Saints with their storm trooper. Yeah. I thought the Ravens look good in white tonight. Storm Troopers. Ravens sweatshirt party. I'll host it. We your baggiest sweatshirt. I thought, I mean that's a Sunday. Yeah. We'll, okay. Yeah. Yeah. If, you were invited? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. PFT. Good Fire Fest. Tank. Thanks. My hank Went to a sick boat party. Yeah. And he's not dressed correctly. Fire tank What? A fire 80 person boat bar. A 80 person white. Well the rest of us were, were were just living our sad life. Watching Mac football. I was On a boat with, with all these people getting drunk on a perfect day outside.


It was a really nice day. Wait, Didn't you also golf that Day? I did also. Oh, what a day. What A good day. Oh, that day sucked. Fire festival. His Day was filled with not watching football. Yeah. At what point during this day, Hank, it sounds like you were pretty busy on the course and then going out to the lake. At what point did you get a chance to peek in at the Wisconsin game? That was Friday night. Friday. Friday. Friday. I watching that at the bar. Why? He watched every second of that Somehow that at the bar it was, well It was just on at The bar. Yeah. You watched every second. Alright. P ft. My fire fest of the week is, it's Blake related. So I picked Blake up from daycare the other day and put him in the El Camino. And he loves the ride home. Sticks his head out the window and has a great time saying hi to everybody in the neighborhood.


As I was leaving, there was a, a little person that was walking by. Mm. A child. A little. There was, it was a little person and Blake looked like he was gonna attack this little person. I mean like went out of his way to really let the little person know, don't get near my car. And I think that Blake might be racist against little people. Mm. Because there was one point where I brought him into the office and he saw Za in the office. He started barking his head off at Zah, nobody else. And then I was, I for a second I was ashamed. I was like, is my dog racist? And then we had to see if he was racist and he didn't bark at anybody else who had darker skin.


And so I'm like, okay, cool. My dog's not racist. But now there's beginning to be a pattern where I see evidence that he does not like little people. Mm. Isn't this something that starts at the home? Yeah. Well that's what I was thinking. I'm a little You think he would I'm A little person. Yeah. Well no, it sounds like you might be Like, oh, self, self hatred. Yeah. Like he can tell that my own hatred for my own small stature. Well, I think you probably looked down on people smaller than You. Well, yeah, because my eyes are higher. Right. But you also were like, oh, at least I'm not that height, Huh? I don't, I don't know what it Is. Vibes. The vibes would say that. Yeah, because I Was, I was thinking the same thing. I was like, he spends all his time around me and I'm, you know, I'm not a tall, I'm not a tall man.


Yeah. But I'm not a small man. I'm a little bit small. I'm a little bit small. Also, fire Fest is a picture of me, you and Paul Skeens because I haven't looked at it, I don't plan on looking at it, but I gotta, I gotta find shorter people to hang out with. I mean, I'm, I'm dealing with my, at once a year I shave the whole face just mustache for advisors. And I just realized that my chin is just Hideous. I don't think you look, you look good this year. No, you look good this year. This is just, it's flabby. Shane. Got it.


Shane just zoomed in on it for Stella Blue Coffee, by the way, buy Stella Blue coffee fall flavors out stella blue coffee.com.


Next in intern we get can maybe on the shoulder side just so I don't look so short in pictures. Well, no, because then they, they can't take care of Blake. That's true. That's a very good point. Yeah. But yeah, so I don't know. What if, if that's an actual thing where some dogs don't like little people. What About children? I think it to you, I think he, there's no bad dogs, but he, oh my God, I look so fat in bitch. But he, he loves kids. Yeah. That's that's weird. He Loves, we look bad with Paul schemes. Don't Tweet. He so many kids. Let's see. Oh no, we shouldn't say that. Memes against, Yeah. That's all he is gonna tweet. Well, it's good news, Hank. Maybe this means that he'll just stop posting his living room also Really bad. Oh My God. This is a bad thing. Yeah. Really, really bad to do. We gotta, we as guys, we as guys gotta stop doing the arms around each other.


This picture. It's the fucking weirdest thing we do. This picture Goes nowhere. No. Everyone just stand with your arms to the sides. Maybe flex. There's nothing worse than doing the awkward like post golf round. Yeah. 10 dudes just standing with their arms around each other. You don't look good when you put your arm like this. Hank If. you release this picture. The Drake May T-shirt comes out. Oh fuck. All right. I'll delete it. Did you post it? Well the Drake may You already posted. Posted it. What the fuck? It was like three seconds. No. Okay. Jesus, that was so quick. That was so quick for after he complained all day about memes. About means. Yeah. Wow. I was joking. And this Isn't a bad picture. Little hypocrisy.


Alright. My fire fest is easy. Is quick. I went to, we, we, right before the game, I went to my son's school kindergarten. He started kindergarten two weeks ago and he had his like meet the teacher, like see his classroom parent night. And there was these pictures up and all the kids did like, my name is, I'm this old years old and I love this. And like every single kid was like, mommy and daddy, my dog, all these things. I don't think you can probably tell what this is, PFT, but you can take a look and take a guess. This is what he loves. I don't know.


Yeah. I dunno what that is. I asked him TVs Nope. Rocks. Okay. Loves rocks. So that's what I got. I, I'm I'm second place to rocks. Yeah. He's gonna be a geologist. It was just two rocks. I love rocks. Every other kid was just like, mommy and daddy. I love my family rocks. Yeah. He's gonna study, he's gonna study the earth. It's just like, okay. Dude, That was such a great time as a kid though, because I feel like every kid went through a phase where they just were obsessed with Rocks. Oh yeah. He could Dude skipping rocks. No, he, no. Like, Yeah, he, you dig up a rock and you hold the am I, am I weird for that? No, No, no, no. Finding Like finding, like looking around for rocks and be like, oh my God, this is a great, oh, I'll, I'll, we'll go like to the park and then when we get home, I'll like notice his pockets are sagging and there's just rocks in there.


He was just collecting all the rocks. Remember? Geo's. Yeah. Geos Were great. I, I will say in his defense though, there was another moment where he saw one of his friends and his friend was like, my dad's so strong. And my son was like, my dad's actually the strongest. I was like, fuck yes, finally. Love that. Finally. So I'm back. I'm all the way back. Love it. My daughter said I could lift a school bus the other day. I might have to do that. That might be one that might be a punishment Lifting a school bus. Yeah. For picks. I could probably do it. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, there's videos of people doing it. Yeah. Right. What videos? Oh, What if we had to do strong? Man, you had to like to a remember these.


That's something. Maybe There's Yeah, they, these tire to firetruck shit and stuff like that. Would They have to pick up the giant rock and walk with it? Oh, We should do a CrossFit by the Murph or whatever it is. Nope. Nope. Get so hurt. Get so hurt. We get so CrossFit. Somebody just died doing that. Yep. Well they were swimming. It's part of the CrossFit Thing. Part of I understand. It wasn't, I don't think it was Mur. That was also very tragic. Yeah, it was. Yeah. Horrendously tragic. There's people everywhere. I still want you guys to set up your own podcast. Yeah. Think we will. Yeah, we will. That video will be funny. Yeah, We will. Maybe in football offices. I think we Got A Nah, We got the advertiser Too.


Oh, okay. Signed on. Oh, nice. They did. Yeah. You're closing deals in principle. The weed guy. Fuck yes. Okay. He, he rocks. What'd he say? Oh, what does he drink in the morning? Ja, he's, I don't know, I can't remember. It was something really cool. Ja Latte or something. I have no idea what you're talking about. Ja. Like, like, like Diet. What? Know? It was just, it was just a wor, he just drinks weed. Oh, That's cool. Yeah. Yeah. Ja Latte. Yeah, something like that. Yeah. Like Rastafari Something. Yeah. Yeah. He was like, Ja latte. Yeah. Every morning I was like, yeah. Okay. RAs Rast. Yeah. Max. You got one? Yeah. It's bad. Oh.


Oh yeah, I know you're fire fest. No, no. Oh, lay It on us. No, I didn't even tell you the real fire fest. Oh No. Oh no. Because you Do have a fire fest tomorrow night. Well, yeah. What's that? Just trying to figure out how to watch the game tomorrow night. Why? Yeah. Because Mr. Nuptials is going to another wedding. You Have another wedding Tomorrow? Yeah, I have another one this week. I have another one next week and I have one two weeks after that. I feel like Max is the wedding ringer where they just bring, you're a good wedding guest. So you get invited with this. I am A great wedding guest. How did they all do their weddings in the fall? They're all, I, I didn't go to any this summer. They're all in Sept in August and September. That's Insane. Four and five weeks. I'm excited for all of them. Anyone who listens, I'm sure they're all great. I I It sounds like you really Love them.


No, I do. They're fun. Fun. I Do I mean weddings are great. Yeah. And. it is awesome. You got to meet Trump. Not necessarily. I didn't meet him. He was, he was there though. My fire fest is that I'm fat and No, I have a deviated septum. What? Oh. Huh? You have a deviated septum. Did you just got it? No, I've had one. Oh, okay. For a while. Snoring allergies. So you have a Deviated septum in a, in a bad toe. Yeah. Well, yeah. Okay. I've been at These Are these are fat guy injuries? Well, No. It sounds like Max's let 'em finish. but It, like, I got a, I got a rotten toe and deviated septum.


That's, those are fat guy. I don't think these are, These are all things that I Don think either of those are fat guy. They up just snoring the rotten toe And. it sounds like maybe you're waking your neighbor's dog up in the morning and that's why your dog starts barking. Waking you up. No. Okay. That is not the case. So keep going, keep going. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, Sorry. I don't know. I just gotta figure it out. My nose is clogged at all times. Like I can rarely breathe out my nose and I'm trying the mouth tape and like I, I go to sleep with the mouth tape on and then I just, at some point in the night just rip it off because like, I, I can't breathe that. So This is what I Do, I put Remember in at camp when you ate the mouth tape?


I Didn't ate the mouth tape. You did did that. You did. We woke up the next morning. You're like, I don't know where my mouth tape is. You ate the mouth tape in the middle of the night. Didn. I didn't eat it. That's a hundred percent What happened? Not What happened. You couldn't find it? Not what? I I did find it. I find it. Couldn't find. I did find it. Okay, keep going. It was just like underneath my bed, underneath my bed. Whatever I need. This is honestly like a plea to awls. Who? Because I got, I got kicked outta my bed. This my bed this week. Which was, which was a real, like, I gotta figure this out. Oh no, I I actually do think that you're waking the dog up and that's why the dog wakes you up. Oh No. 'cause the dog wakes up at six 15. Every six. When you get One of those like TikTok videos where they like pour tea out like through Yeah. One of your Noss.


My not that comes up, nos out the other one and then you're good. My are fucked And. it doesn't, it's been, it's bad recently. I don't know if it's allergies or something. Like there's something that happened And. it. Maybe, maybe it's something. Maybe it's the Apartment. Are we, are we worried it's the apartment and I wanna say this in the nicest way possible. This is going to, this is gonna, you don't start something like that and then say anything remotely Nice. Mrs. Ante, if you're listening to this podcast right now, turn it off right now. We don't need You anymore. She's gonna listen. Okay. Turn it off. Are we like in the, like max could die in a sleep stage? No, no, no. That's not, it feels Like not that bad. You're struggling to breathe in the middle of the Night.


No, I also with that was with the mouth tape. I, I think that snoring is the one ailment or whatever you want to call it, that people go through that has the most like quack science remedies that don't work. I've tried. Well, Well the ones at the bottom of the shittiest news articles you'll ever read where it's, it's the sponsored post things. It's like, here's how to cure, cure, snoring, tie a tennis ball around your waist. I, I haven't seen any of that, but if anyone wants to tell me something like that, I'll try it. I Mean, did your girlfriend try and plug your nose? No. She, that's what I do with to my brother. I would just walk up and just fucking what a dick. But It would stop him. I mean, he'd do, he would do it to me. We lived in the same room. I snorted too. It was just Like You guys just spent the whole childhood plugging each other's noses.


Your, your parents walk in And. it looks like Hank's trying to kill his Brother again. Like, like I'm sniffling at all times. I just sniffle. I just sniffled right there. It's just, I gotta figure out a way because the mouth date tape is fine and I put in nasal spray before I go to bed and it's fine. I go to sleep. And it, And it and I don't snore and it's great. But then midway through the night, like the, the nasal spray wears off and then my nose is just plugged Again. You might be addicted to nasal spray. Your body might be addicted to it. So when it goes like hours without it, it just gets Stuffy. No, but this is a, this is like a past week thing. Oh. I don't know. I don't know. I, I'm stumped. Gotta like, I gotta try the like do you think those, those nasal strips can't do anything?


Right? I think you need one of the, the huge machines. No, like the iron lung. You need an iron lung. It's not that bad, but like the, like you don't Right. Am I right? Like the, the, you know, NA You gotta try it, dude. I know. I gotta try. It Sounds like you gotta try everything. Well sleep upside down. That's, that sounds bad. No, I gotta try it. If anyone out there knows any remedies, let me know. You know That, you know like the T I'm talking about? No. Are you talking about the Netty pot? Yeah. Yes. Well you use The mouth tape, right? Hank? Yes. I use a mouth tape. It helps. You should do it on the podcast, But I Do I do. Lemme say I don't wanna talk.


Can't exist. That's true. You're right. You're right on that one. Yeah. The Neti pot. But yeah, sometimes. Yeah. Neti, no Neti. Pot rocks. Neti pot's Wild. But also you can die from the Neti pot. Did you know that? No. Yeah. If. you don't use like the right water, it can like go into your brain and kill you. Well that's if There's die from anything. If there's an amoeba, a brain eating amoeba that's inside your water and then you pour it into your nose, it goes into your brain. Yeah. Crazy. That's why you wanna boil that shit. I would say it's like 25% of the time I wake up with a mouth tape still on. I either like drool through it, And it falls off, or I just rip it off in my sleep. That's how I'm with the, with the old, the Bluetooth blindfold in the morning. I wake up And. it is like on the ground somewhere.


I don't know if I was listening to a podcast that I hated and I threw it off. It's like, God damnit Alex Cooper, she's done it again. I'll never Be as good. So the AWS need to come to your defense. Basically. Just let me know. All right. Some Come to your rescue i Your Life. I dunno what it is. I like this. Instead of seeing doctors, we just have to the Listeners. Yeah. I like that. Help us out boys. I'm just gonna use that for my fire fest. You do a sleep study next Fat ailment. I do. Should we all do a sleep study? Oh, Don. Don. I did a sleep study when I was a kid. No, I don't wanna, I don't wanna Know sleep. Can't sleep study when I was A kid. I'm terrible. I I don't sleep. And when I Do I sweat like That could be kind of Funny. Yeah. Maybe. Maybe we should do some sleep.


Sleep. Like worst. Who's the best? Who's the worst sleeper? How could this could be sponsored? I bet you there's a mattress that's doing this. We should do a sleep study. I'd do A sleep study. I did a sleep study when I was a kid. Yeah. I'd like to see all our Stats because I was asleep. I was falling asleep while driving. The only, the only require I I can't have the Wait. What? When you said kid, I thought you meant like what? No, like high school. You fell asleep while driving. Not fall. I would just doze off. And did you crash? I didn't crash. I just like in the morning On the way To school? No. At like, was it like 6:00 AM I I would like drive for like baseball practice at like five o'clock. I I was just doing too much shit. I was waking up too early and like working out and gonna baseball practice. You Might have na upfront.


That's what happens. No, true, True. Dude. Falling, almost falling asleep. Driving is the scariest Thing. Oh yeah. That's why I had to get a sleep study in My life a couple times where it's like I've been so exhausted and it's idiot. You just gotta pull over and, and shut your eyes. Yeah. Scariest thing. Max. I just looked up WebMD remedies for snoring. They're gonna say that I'm dying. Wait, wait, wait, Wait, wait. Just WebMD tell me. If, you would consider any of these lose weight? Yep. Yep. Why don't we wait, wait, wait, wait. Deli slicer anymore Because need to lose Weights. No. We'll eat meats. Nothing else. No carbs. Avoid alcohol? Nope. Okay. Practice Good Sleep hygiene.


I, I guess I Do, I. Don't even know what that means. I think it means you, I like take a shower before bed. It sounds like you might sleep too hard. I sleep pretty. Like when you turn off, you're off. Yeah. Open nasal passages. What does that even fucking mean? That means like, use some of that. Use some of those breath rights Strips. Yeah. Whatever it's called. Yeah. Maybe the breathe right strip will work. Yeah. 'cause the mouth tape works. I just, I rip it off and then it doesn't work anymore. When was the last time you washed your pillows? Literally like the yesterday. Okay. God. Because That's not serious. Those pillows could talk. Those pillows are chilling. I put, I always put one between my legs. Yeah. Oh, always. That's nice. I got one. I got, I go one two of my legs.


One body. Yeah. One Head. I like that. I go under the arm sometimes. Yeah. Do you stay well hydrated? No. Okay. Yeah, you gotta do that BODYARMOR. But That's, that's such bullshit. Anytime you, you complain about anything on that, there's Always a drink. More water. Yeah. But it actually does like cure everything. But If you drink too much then you die. I'm pretty right Now. I'm pretty, yeah. Dry. Drowning It dry. I almost just dranks pugs water Dry. Okay, so help, help us out. Awls help Max out. Yep. We gotta get 'em sleeping. Okay. Good. Show boys.


We got a new sponsor alert for the lottery ball. Bing. New sponsor alert Jack Pockett. So order official state lottery games on your phone with Jack Pockett. America's number one lottery app. The Mega Millions jackpot is now over $740 million. You can do it all from your phone. New customers get a free mega millions ticket using code PMT. That's code PMT on Jack Pockett for all awls. Listen, nothing would make me happier than Awls winning the lottery with our code free ticket use code PMT. That's code PMT on Jack Pockett for all Awls. So go check it out right now. Okay. Numbers 1756. 8 3 20 PFT. Have you ever gotten this? I have Not gotten 97 pug. Stop telling numbers to me In public three. I'll Not do it. I'm not taking your public numbers. Stop it. Yes. Stop. I wouldn't wish this on my worst. Hank. You would love for this to be Hank. You would wish this upon Hank. No. Hey, remember when we said we were gonna clean the studio before football season? Whoops. Let's do it. Let's do it next week. Let's have a clean day. Let's pick a time. We'll clean. We'll make a pmm. TV outta It. Yeah. Love it. 12 Tommy. Love you Guys. What? What was that, Shane? Yeah. 21. He's a Horny guy. That's not even close to 12. Same numbers. Yeah. Love you guys. Shane, have you ever gotten it? Yeah. Oh you have? Okay. Memes. Memes hasn't gotten an either. Studio Memes is a big loser. Never have gotten it. But he's got sick TVs. Yep. Buy another TV this weekend. Memes. Okay. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER New York. Call eight seven. Seven eight Hope ny. Or text Hope NY. 18 or Older. 19 plus in Nebraska, 21 Plus in Arizona Void were prohibited. Promo code required for $2. Non withdrawal credit prize amount may differ at time of drawings. Terms Jack pocket.com/tos/free. Dash ticket dash promo slash.