
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music On today's, Pardon My Take, we have playoff action. We're gonna recap everything that happened on Monday and Tuesday night. Crazy eight games on Tuesday night between the Stanley Cup playoffs and the NBA. We've got some teams eliminated. We then have our good friend Christian Yelich in studio. Haven't seen him in a while. Caught up with him. Great interview. Awesome to see him. And then we have the number one DJ in the world right now, DJ John Summit.


Really cool interview. One of those ones that's maybe not traditional sports, but crazy story 'cause he went from accountant to the world's biggest DJ and a really good guy. And then we are gonna finish with listener Rose. And Shane is back from Italy and he gave us some gifts which you won't want to miss. Some big time gifts.


And we are brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. Boxing's biggest weekend is here in DraftKings. Sports book is bringing the heat. It all kicks off Friday in Times Square as Ryan Garcia, Devin Haney, and Teo FMO Lopez Light up New York City. Then on Saturday the king returns. Canelo Alvarez is back on his own pay-per-view. And Sunday it's a can't miss moment. Nao Innu makes his electric FY US debut in Las Vegas. This is a fight weekend for the History books and DraftKings Sports book is your front row seat to all the action. New to DraftKings. You're gonna love this. New customers bet $5. Get $200 in bonus bets instantly. That's right, five bucks gets you 200 to play with. It's gonna be a great weekend. We got boxing, we got Kentucky Derby on the DK Horse app. We got playoffs, we got baseball. Everything's going on. Cashing on the biggest boxing's biggest weekend ever with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take to unlock $200 in bonus Bess. When you place a $5 bet only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. New customers only. Bonus. Spec expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. Football guy. Yeah, my take.


Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Cash in on boxing's biggest weekend ever with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take to unlock $200 in bonus bets when you place a $5 bet only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, April 30th and PFT. It is playoffs. Playoffs. Playoffs. Playoffs coming out of our ears. Playoffs coming out of our eyes. So much playoff action Balls deep in sports, baby. We've got some teams going home. We've got some tea teams advancing. We've got the Boston Celtics doing exactly what we all thought that they would do. But yeah, it's been a, it is been a wild couple nights, not enough TVs in my house. Yeah, it has been a wild coming. Mean eight games on Tuesday night with some closeout games. It was crazy as always with the playoffs. We are in Zoom for the beginning 'cause we wanted to recap all the games.


We are back in studio when we interview Christian Yelich, John Summit when we do Hot Seat. Cool Throne. Let's start. So we have to recap Monday's games too, but I feel like we gotta start with Bucks Pacers, because that was one of the craziest endings. The the Bucks maybe if you're a Bucks fan, this is the last time you see Giannis in a Bucks jersey, which sucks. And he went out on his sword with an incredible performance 30 20 in 13. But the story was the collapse of the Bucks in the last 36 seconds. They were up 1 18, 1 11 with 36 seconds left and it all fell apart.


And we basically had Gary Trent Jr. Who had an incredible game three with 37 points. Gary Trent, Jr. Is, let me say this. Giannis was the best player on the box. Gary Trent Jr. Was the most impactful player on the Bucks because both good and bad. He had the entire Gary Trent Jr experience. He started the game Oh, for seven. He then went eight for nine and he hit four straight threes in overtime. Four straight threes, yeah. And then turn the ball over two times to basically let the Pacers have an incredible comeback and clinch this series and go on to the next round. Yeah, He had a great overtime and also he cost his team the game at the end.


There's no two ways about it. How Halliburton also had some very clutch plays at the end of regulation and at the end of overtime. But Gary Trent Jr. He is the ultimate example now I think that we can point at to a guy that has changed so much about himself that he's trying to make everybody forget that he's from Duke. Yeah. Yeah. So he, he got, he got all the tattoos, got different hair, he's even wearing the glasses. Like he's in witness protection program. He's like, no, that's it. It must be, it must be two Gary Trent Jrs, because that's, that's not me. But yeah, it was, it was a crazy overtime for him. And then do we wanna talk about Halliburton's dad? Yeah, Of course. But wait, hold on. I wanna just say the overtime. Yeah, like the Pacers that this was a game. Well it was the weird NBAI feel like they do this once a year where they throw in this game.


It started at 5:00 PM Central time, 6:00 PM Eastern. So it's like one of those games if you weren't just, if you're not a fan of one of these teams or like super clued in, you could easily just like be like, oh shit, this game's in the first quarter already. And the Pacers were getting killed for the, for the first quarter and a half. I think they were down 11 and oh like before you could even blink. And they fought all the way back. The Pacers are so much fun to watch. They just have guys that that make big shots. And Tyrese, Halliburton basically Tyrese Halliburton and Gary Trent Jr. Did like a freaky Friday in overtime where Tyrese Halliburton hit his first three. And then he is like, all right, it's Tyrese Halliburton time.


And he started bricking threes while Gary Trent Jr. Hit everything. And then Gary Trent Jr. Just couldn't hold onto the ball, turned it over twice. And then Tyrese Halliburton came back and was like, I'm just gonna drive to the rim, including the game winner on Giannis. And it was a pretty sad way for Giannis to go out. It was sad though. It was a great play by Halliburton though. Oh Incredible. It was a great move and all the credit in the world to him. And then after the game when when they asked Giannis, they, they asked him a bunch of questions and he did a good job, I think at the podium. But they did ask him like, is this the last time that you'll be wearing a Bucks uniform? And he answered it in a way that's like, I don't really wanna talk about that, but it, it's pretty clear that this is probably the end of the road. And I heard people talking about Giannis to the Thunder that would, that might ruin the NBA.


Well, if Giannis goes to the Thunder next year, They would have to trade players. 'cause the the Bucks don't own any of their own picks for the foreseeable future. So they're in a weird situation where they can't really tank. 'cause like if they trade Giannis for picks, you're now, you have to hope that the other teams stink. But they have Giannis so they're probably not gonna stink. So the belief is they're only gonna do a trade where they can get a couple players back. So the thunder would have to trade some players. But yes, it would be scary to have the thunder have Giannis. Would The thunder, would they be able to trade picks that belonged originally to other teams? Yeah, but I'm saying like, I think I they would For sure because have they have a shitload of other teams picks?


Yeah, yeah, of course. Of course. So it wouldn't just be like banking on nailing the, the 30th overall pick For sure. But I think they're gonna want some players to, like I I I feel like that's, the bucks are kind of stuck in a spot where it doesn't help for them to just be bad because they can't, they can't fully tank, you know? Yeah. And I, I feel, I feel bad for Giannis. Yes. But I'm also glad that he got his title because if he didn't have the title, then wherever he ends up going, you people would be like, oh, you couldn't get it done. Your, your ring chasing have to join a super team. So it's good that it's good for everybody involved that he was able to do it kind of on his own in Milwaukee. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I mean that's like, if he didn't have a title, it would be a totally different story and feel different.


But yeah, this, I I don't, I feel like it's a foregone conclusion. He is gone. Maybe there's a shocker and he's like, I'm just gonna be a one. Like this is the fork in the road that if Giannis stays with the bucks this summer, he's just gonna be a buck forever. Wouldn't you agree? Like this is the, this is the perfect, this is the perfect exit point for him. Where I don't even think Bucks fans would be, they wouldn't even be like, oh man, I can't believe he's leaving us. It's like, no, they, the team is not good. We don't own our picks. And Dame is out for a year. Yeah. He should go somewhere else. So it's like, it's, it's almost perfectly set up for him set to exit and not have hard feelings. And so if he does not exit, I feel like he's just gonna be a buck forever.


Nico, you have the opportunity of a lifetime to make everything okay. Yeah. So after the game, it wouldn't be a Buck's Pacer series if there wasn't something crazy that happened after the game. Our good friend Pat Bev, obviously last year, the ending of that series, they've had weird things happen in the regular season as well. We had multiple skirmishes, Tyrese Halliburton's dad comes on the court, starts yelling at Giannis. Giannis then gives him maybe the most intimidating stare down of all time where he was, he, his head was like, Gianni's eyes were basically at the top of Tyrese. Hal Halton's dad's like the top of his head. And I gotta say something.


PFT I'm kind of bummed out that all sides like squashed it before we could even get mad. Yeah. I wish Giannis wasn't so mature. I wish that he didn't have so much perspective because I, it would've been, it would've been a very entertaining fight. And what Giannis did before the top of the head stare down was equally as intimidating. Where he just stood there very calmly, just staring him in the eyes, figuring out what he wanted to do. Yeah. Figuring out what the next step was. And he's like, well, I could swing on him. I could walk away. No, I think I'm gonna walk over to him and try to look down at his brain through the top of his skull. Yeah, I'm gonna eat him. Yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna eat Tyrese, Halliburton sat, but it's not even Giannis. 'cause Giannis, I expected, Giannis is like one of the classiest guys.


I, I don't know who dislikes Giannis. Like every answer he gives other than the one time when he was like, it's not a disappointment, but like he's just, he, he is one of those guys that it feels like he's genuine and he also has really good perspective. Tyrese Halliburton kind of ruined it though because he said afterwards he was like, yeah, my dad is a fucking, like, he shouldn't have done that And we gotta talk to him and I gotta go apologize to Giannis. I was hoping that we'd have a little beef here because I wanted to be like, Hey, Tyrese, Halliburton, your dad's a fucking piece of shit. He shouldn't have been on the court. But I can't even do that because every side was like, it was, it was a fair, like Giannis basically accepted an apology and Tyrese Halliburton admitted that they were a hundred percent in the wrong.


Okay, so this might sound confusing and contradictory, but Tyrese Halliburton is correct. His dad was in the wrong. However, I would've liked for Tyrese Halliburton to have his dad's back. Right. That's what I'm saying. Like, I, I I, I, I would've, I wanted to get mad at Tyrese Halliburton. Yeah. For saying like, no, my dad's allowed to be there. They just robbed us of false anger, which is really all we all we want is sports fans. It's like we just wanna be angry about something. But like not having your dad's back when he's got the biggest stage ever. That's worse than forgetting his birthday. Can I That is, yeah. Can I say something too about Tyrese? How her Halliburton's dad, he's a ref kind of crazy.


He know better. That's kind of crazy. You gotta kind of, you might have to strip him of his stripes. Egomaniac. That's all Refs. Yeah, that's true. That's a good point, Hank. But then we had also Giannis verse Rin, which was a hilarious clip because they started hugging and then something was said and they just ended up shoving and then everyone got into it. And then the best clip of the whole, of the whole exchange, everything that happened was while everyone's fighting and there's all this chaos, Brooke Lopez dapping up Boomer the Pacer's mascot. Just ultimate respect. I don't know if you saw that clip. It was so funny.


It was just nuts game. Everything's happening. And he's just like, yeah, you know what? Good fucking series Boomer you, you laid it all out there. Yeah. I love Brooke Lopez. Yeah. Just two competitors that put it all on the line showing mutual respect. Hockey would never, they would never end a series like that with a handshake. No, No. But it was, I mean, the Pacers are really, are, are good. I don't know if they could beat the calves. I think the calves are probably gonna beat 'em, but I think the Pacers are gonna give 'em a hell of a series because they just have so many dudes that can make shots. They always, they just take good shots too. It feels like they pass the ball. Well, they play up tempo. Halliburton has kind of taken that like next little step. And I What are your thoughts on Halliburton? Because I feel like there's a lot of people that really hate him.


And I, I want to, but I also think he might just be like a very well adjusted dude who's happy all the time. And that bothers people. Yeah. Listen, he's a little bit corny, but as a guy who, who's also a little bit corny, like, I think I'm allowed to say that about him. He's also like supremely talented. There's no doubt about that. But he's, you get the feeling just looking at him that you could talk shit and not get your ass kicked by him. Right. And so that's why I think people talk, they take, they take a lot of liberty with that. That makes sense because Yeah. I, I Players, Players in the league voted the most overrated too. That, that, that's what I try and figure out. Like what, what do other players in the league think about him is so overrated. Well, I I think it's because he's goofy.


Well, he also passes the ball a lot. He gets a lot of assists. I, I feel like the goofiness, I know you need a goofy guy every now and then, like I I, my initial inclination is like, I don't think I like this guy. And then the more I see him, I'm like, why do I not like this guy? He's just, he's kind of just having fun out there. He's fucking not winning though. If he was like winning, well, I mean if he was winning more people would hate him, but it's like Yeah. You know, wins the first round Then Oh, he is not a threat. Yeah. Got it. It is true that if he was an NBA champion, everybody would absolutely hate his guts. Yeah. Yeah. I I, I was impressed with, I wish the Pacers would stop wearing the Miami heat jerseys.


I'll, I'll stick on that too. We had so many alternate jerseys tonight. But yeah, the, the Gary Trent Jr. Just, I mean that's how I, I feel like that's how Giannis can, can like exit stage left from Milwaukee just being like, did you see Gary Trent Jr. And what's gonna happen with Doc? Is Doc gonna just keep getting another job? That and also the, I feel like the Kyle Uzman trade is, is should have been like, oh yeah, that's enough. That's enough to be like, I'm out like that. That that is one of the worst trades of all time. Yeah. And Dame getting hurt Also, let's give credit to Doc Rivers though. He had a 10 point lead in the fourth quarter. He did, he had a seven point lead with 30 seconds, six seconds left. That was such an insane ending comeback.


I legit Walked out of the room and came back and was like, what the fuck happened? It was crazy. I mean it was just Hal after The four three pointer. I was like, ball game. Yeah. Gary Trent Jr. Couldn't miss for that for that 90 seconds. He was insane. And it was Halliburton having those two drives and Emhart hitting like way downtown three. It, it was crazy. The Patriots didn't give up. They, they were, they felt like they were dead multiple times in this game. And that's the only, that's the only part that if you're a Bucks fan, I mean obviously the whole Giannis thing bums you out and the way you lost this game bums you out. But it would've been nice if Giannis could have finished his bucks career win or lose with one last home game, you know?


Yeah. It was nice. That's what he's playing for. It was nice to see Giannis at the podium though. Another All star speech by him. Yeah. He's so, he's so good at those into the year wrap up things. But yes, it was nice that the, that the Pacers came back. They showed a lot of grit, determination. They got some good players. They play an entertaining style of basketball. But there's, they're not taking more than one game off the Celtics. The Caesar just, Well they're playing the calves next. So when they get to the Celtics, they might not take So you have 'em beating the calves or you have 'em. I'm saying if they were to play the Celtics Got it. No team out. No team outta the east. Do you think they're gonna beat the calves? 'cause that's the only way they could play the Celtics. I do not. And truth be told, I forgot that they weren't playing the Celtics the next round.


I was just trying to fuck with Hank. You got blinded by for a minute. Yeah, I'm gonna say Cavs in six Cavs are really good. I think the calves I respect the hell outta the Cavs. Yeah. I'm gonna say Cavs in four. In four. Yeah. This Cavs team is fucking legit. Oh, here he goes. Here he goes. I think, I think Cavs in in five. Do you want do the eliminated teams real quick? The Cavs, the Cavs beat the heat by a billion. That was, that was crazy. That was cra I mean like the, I know that it's just Get rid of the playoff game. Playing game. Both of the, both of the, both of the teams that played two playing games, Joe. Yeah. Listen, I I hate the playing game.


Would the Hawks have fared better against the Cavs? No, they're, they're just not the seventh and eighth. Like the eighth seed was just gonna be bad, you know? Yeah. But this was exceptionally bad. As far as NBA Playoffs series go. It was 122 point series win. Yeah. When you had Yeah, that's the, that's the most lopsided series of all time in the history of the NBA playoffs. We also had, it was the, since 2000 when they were, they've been tracking it. It was the largest double up of a home playoff team when the calves were up 96 to 48. So there's a double up score. That's score. That's Yeah. The, the other two. Wow. The other two were the Cals Celtics 20 17 88 44.


And the Bulls, bucks Bulls 88 44 in 2015. But that's a 96, 48 double up. That game was never even, it was just nothing. It was just the heat or just so, so ready to go and get outta there. They had one game where I feel like they, they gave the Cavs a good fight and then everything else was just blah. Yeah, it was, it was pretty ugly. Double win for Jimmy Butler. Yeah. Yeah. Heat Culture might be dead. It might've just been Jimmy. It might've been Jimmy. But yeah, the Cavs were really fucking good. I can't wait for the Cavs to start playing some real playoff games. 'cause this wasn't a real, it's kind of like the Thunder, both One Seeds, they, that was just, that was just basically a practice that they had to go through in the first round.


'cause they're just so much better than the eight seats. Hank your Celtics. Yeah. Have advanced. You feel good about it? I felt great about it. First, first win all series. I felt easy. The magic put up a good fight. They got some very, very good, well, they have two really, really good players. The rest of their, the rest of their team is garbage, but still impressive from them. But I'm excited to, to get going with the rest of the playoffs. Yeah, that was, that was Classy. If you hang Very classy, they, the two good Players, they, the rest of 'em suck. It was impressive how well they were able to play with such a shitty team. That's not, That's what you Said. Everything you said was right. No, that's Not like, that is a compliment.


Like that's like they played hard with bad players, two really good players and a bunch of like plumbers. Yeah. Well, I mean the, this game was just proves like Hank's point because it was a 53 53 game and Paolo got his fifth foul and had to go out and then it was an 83 62 game. Yeah. And it was just like, oh, yep, that's it. It's, it's over. So that, that's just what happened. Like they, you can't have Paolo go out for it was, I, I think it was like nine and a half minutes. That's you the magic guard. Terrible without him on the floor. Yeah. You just need him to dominate every single game that he plays. And you might have a chance to take a couple.


Yeah. Tatum looked good. Hank Tatum looked really good. Everyone looked good. You know, the, some of the, some of the side guys that were struggling early in the year, early in their series with Threes, Hauser and Pingus. They were, they played well. Okay. I'm ready. I'm ready. So going to the next series, because you, you, you get to rest Now Nick's Pistons gets to go to Game six and the Pistons, they're you, I mean the Pistons have kind of dominated the Knicks in this series. Like, they, they could've won game one. They got, they got screwed in game. They Chose game one and they got screwed at they, they basically won Game in game four.


Yeah. And this game was, I mean, Cade, Cade Cunningham is so, so good. Azer Thompson was he, did you see he had, he had 22 points. He had seven dunks. He was just at the perfect place for the entire game. And he, he just kept on Dunking. And then Tobias Harris is good. I like to Harris to Harris Is a stud. It's crazy. It's crazy. Max Tobias Harris is good. Tobias Harris is a pussy. He's Good. The amount of people that are pussies that can't play in Philadelphia is disgusting. I wonder why after you say that Last year, weren't you celebrating, weren't you saying like the biggest, the biggest like bonus about losing in the playoffs was that you no longer have to pay to buy his Harris, You he sucked for his entirety of his time in Philadelphia?


No, Never Once did he show up for the six er Don't gimme that. Don't gimme that face. Hank, if you know anything about what I'm talking about, he was horrendous. And the fact that he just joined the lowly fucking pistons and now all of a sudden these good whatever Pistons are, they're in the playoffs. Max Gr Correct. But, And they're playing well. Like this is a Detroit, this is a young team that just went to Madison Square Garden and won an elimination game with their back against the wall. Like how can you not be impressed with what the Pistons have done this series and this season? When I say low, I I mean like the pressure.


It's a lowly pressure city. What? Hmm. The pi, I don't fucking know. Okay. But yeah, I'm kidding. Like PIs the Pistons Five year 180 million contract is so funny. For who? Or that was a 76 ERs contract. Tobias Harris. Yeah. You Got another big contract in Detroit. Wasn't, wasn't he like Yeah, I could see why Wasn't he the next LeBron by someone? Didn't someone say he was the next LeBron? Oh, I need to find that taking. I'm pretty sure someone like when he was in high school, someone was like, dude, this guy is, he's the next LeBron baby. LeBron. Can you find it for me? I'm Trying, I'm trying to You see it. I might've made that up, but it's kind of a funny, he's a perfect guy to be dubbed the next LeBron when he was like 17 years old to Tobi Saras.


But yeah, the Pistons are good. Like they, they they could be easily up three, two in this series. The TNT graphic wants the Knicks to win so bad. They, they put four one after the game that the, the, the Knicks won the series. It was crazy. I found the You did, you did real. You'll Guess right? You'll never guess in a million years. Who said it? Oh No. Was it DNA? They Were at the Beer Olympics. They were at the beer. Yeah. This person was at the beer Olympics and they So were they involved in basketball? They were on, they were at recurring rest of the show. They suck at rock paper And we talked about him the other day.


Jj, Who was it? Waka Flocka Flame. Oh, That's awesome. Yeah, because he's a long isn't to buy his Harris from Long Island. It's Waka Flocka flame. I didn't played him. Yeah, we used to blame in high school. Holy shit. Where's Waka from? Shit outta everybody. His two brothers were on Waka Waka from Atlanta. That's what I thought. And he said that Tobias Harris was the next LeBron. It was in a, it was in a tweet. Yeah, it in 2010. I love it. Alright, so I, my memory is correct. It's not a full take, but it is hilarious. It's someone at one point was like next LeBron Tobias Harriss. Yeah, he was right. Kate Cunning. Kate Cunningham is, he's a star.


This is like, this is, I love the Playoffs because you get guys like getting to that next level that elevating their level. And c Cunningham has, this is first playoffs has completely elevated his next level. The big story though, from this game, and I, I don't know if you guys, which side you're on because you could, I guess you could make an argument one way or the other. Tibs Yep. At the end of the game, Josh Hart gets hurt. He had to go to the locker room. Jalen Brunson turns his ankle. He had to come out Tibs. The game is 97, 95 when both those go, when Brunson goes out with 2 57 left, they get to the scorers table with like two and some change left.


And I think they were down four at the time. And Tibs has one time out left and he sits there and he waits for a stoppage in play for a minute and a half. And Jalen Brunson and Josh Hart are not on the court. And he finally calls his last time out with 27 seconds left and gets them back in the game and the Knicks are down six. I don't know what the fuck that was. Well you gotta make up your mind. Do you want, do you want tips to play as starters too much and tire 'em out or, or is it okay if you rest 'em for a little bit? That's tips counts the two minutes standing at the scores table as part of your break. It was so it's like, yeah, you'll, you'll be rested when you get back in there. It's, it was very strange.


If your tips, you have to know when you, when you send them to go in, you have to know how long you're willing to wait out before you call that time out. I think if you had asked him that before he sent them to go check in, his answer would not have been been until 20 se 27 seconds left of the game. Right. And it, it, it was just wild to watch because they, the, the camera just kept on panning to Brunson and Hart standing there watching, waiting for a stoppage in play. And I, I think it's crazy. I think Tips is an idiot. He should have called the time out. He did get kind of screwed by like a weird set of circumstances that the Knicks were in the bonus or the, the, I think the PIs were in the bonus so you couldn't foul. He had to burn a time out with Josh Hart getting hurt, which is kind of stupid when a guy's on the floor that you have to burn a time out and you kind of wanna save your time out if you get in a situation where you have to advance the ball to half court late in the game.


But still you have to fucking get those guys in the game. You can't let the, you can't let a minute and a half go by with both those guys standing and watching at the scorers table. He also got screwed by the court too. Jalen Brunson. When, when he, when he hurt his leg? I don't know. I'm not an, I'm not an MSG expert. That's probably memes or actually Max, you guys are both, I guess different kinds of MSG experts but memes for Madison Square Garden. The court that they have there. Sorry, max, the court. I've always heard people say it's like a trampoline. Like, like it's known that it's a little bit more bendy than other courts. Is that just because of the hockey arena underneath the, the ice underneath or what's going on?


It's possible. He just seems to hurt that right leg, every single game. Does he need to wear high tops? I think he might. It's just every single game it just Oh, The court. Did you see the request? Yeah. Well it was, it was, it was like remember Armando Kott in the final four when like the the floor panel just like gave out on him? Yeah. It was crazy. It was crazy. You could see it bend all around. Yeah. And when I say I don't mean it's like actually like a trampoline during games, but I've heard people say that it's got more bounced to it than other courts do. Yeah. Memes. I don't know. Should we go to our other MSG expert? Max Hank's still trying to figure out that joke.


Yeah, I know his eyes were darting back and forth. It's S G's in Chinese food. It's the, you don't know what MSG is. Frank. Frank puts it on everything. You Oh, it's like a sauce. No, it's like a, it's like a artificial like flavoring Flavor enhancer. Yeah. And Max it's A Good, really good joke. PFD you have to explain it 10 minutes later. Well, To Hank still have to explain it. Oh, that's a Pretty good, that's a pretty good, that's A segment. Segment. Explain it to heck. Pretty good counterpoint. Pretty good counterpoint. Yeah. I, I don't know if this is an old man take, but when I saw Brunson's ankle do that, I was like, dude, fucking get some high tops on and and lace those things tight.


I've actually heard that high tops make you more likely to sprain your ankle if you wear 'em, if you wear 'em all the time. Because if you don't wear high tops, then all the muscles in your lower leg, the small ones get stronger and they provide more support. So it's actually, you just sound like you've been paid off by, by low cut shoes. No, I, I looked this Up a couple years ago. There's a study that was done on it to see the incidents of of ankle injuries. Yeah, those Are definitely the people that just walk around barefoot all the time. It might have been. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I I don't think any, any guys really wear high top so I, I understand it's probably also harder to cut and move laterally in high tops for a guy like Jalen Brunson. So, but I still was like, man, get some high tops on bro.


Yeah. Lease those things up. But yeah, I don't know what Tib was doing. This series has been fun. Maybe not the best basketball, but it's been fun and I'm excited to watch Game six. And I think the Pistons are like, that's a, they're, they're in the gravy like portion of, of being in the playoffs where yes, obviously they very much wanna win this series, but like it's a young team building and all of these games are big for their future. Hank who would you rather play? That doesn't matter. I'd rather, I'd rather play the Knicks just 'cause I wanna crush their souls, but I, it doesn't matter. I don't care. Would that that be wild though if Tobias Harris beat you?


Yeah. I mean that some something drastic maybe like MSGs floor broke, Jalen Brown, Jason Tatum, drew Hall and Derrick White's knees. But I'm not worried About that. That was crazy to throw that out there. Okay. That would be Wild. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. You guys want to quickly talk about tonight's game? The nuggets were insane from, from three. Like they, I feel like Jamal Murray hit a hundred threes. I don't know if that's an actual stat, but there was that stretch in the third quarter where they basically, were they after game four? Was it? No. Yeah, game four when they gave up the 22 point lead, even though they ended up winning, I feel like they coming into halftime in game five, they're like, we're not gonna let this happen again.


We're gonna keep the pedal to the metal. Because they were so hot from three, they ended up 51%, almost 52% from three. And Jamal Murray hit eight of them. Yeah. I You just can't beat a team who was shooting like they shot on a night like tonight And now when you've got good Russ either. Yeah. Good. Russ came out big time and he was, he was feeling himself, he was cussing out the crowd. He was, he was doing a lot of shit tonight and yeah. Making a lot of big shots. Also Christian Brown has become a very, very solid player. Yeah. He's like, I think you need a young guy like that with a team that's been good for a few years. Get a new young guy in that's just faster than everybody and let him give you a little bit of energy to stretch the floor.


But he's, he's been fun to watch. Yeah. He was all over the boards and Yeah, I mean Jamal Murray ended up with 43. Like that was, that's the, that's what you just need from Jamal Mur. Like I know 43, you don't need 43 from him, but Jamal Murray is a guy who has that in him. It's not like a Gary Trent doing it twice in a series. You're like, holy shit, how'd this happen? Jamal Murray can be that guy and if you just get that, the nuggets are really, really scary. Yeah, I would, I would say if like obviously Yoic is gonna get what he's gonna get and it's rare that he'll have an off night, but if he plays up to like his standard, then if you can get a, a good solid night, like a really good night from either Porter or Murray, then I think the nuggets are gonna win like 95% of those games.


Yeah, I'd Agree. It's just a matter of having one of those guys get Hot. I I think this will go seven. I I want it to go seven. I think it's gonna go seven. Thursday night will be fun though because we get both game sixes and then we should talk about Monday night. The Warriors rockets pretty much exactly how I expected this to go. And the fact that the Rockets have had a really good season are a good team. They're just too young for these moments. And we had, we had it all because it wasn't even Steph, Steph didn't have to do any, didn't have to be Steph. Jimmy Butler was back played really, really well. Told Dylan Brooks to his face, you a bum and a bitch and you weak.


Which was a very funny clip because the ref came over and said, are you talking to me ready to tee him up? He is like, no, I'm talking to Dylan Brooks. And then I was like, oh, okay, no problem. You're right. Like carry on. And then Jimmy Butler like abused Dylan Brooks and got in Dylan Brooks with the, the foul that basically decided the game. But the story of the game, Draymond Green just had the most Jeremy Draymond green game possible because Oh, it was incredible. He had six points, eight rebounds, two assists, five fouls of flagrant and attack. So he had five fouls of flagrant and attack. He basically, and then he, and then he had a game high set plus 17 and he was plus like great defense down the stretch because I don't think that like Draymond Green has to get to the edge.


He ba he was all out of, he, he couldn't do anything else. He could not have any other whistle go against him when you have five fouls, a tech and a flagrant. And he was right on the edge and he is like, all right, now I'm gonna play great defense. You Know, it's gonna be a very dangerous night when Draymond hits his first two shots of the game and they're both threes. Yeah. Because at that point Draymond, he's like, my work here is done, like I've contributed on, on offense. Now it's time for me to really impact the game in every single possible way that I know how. And yeah, they hit him with the technical and then for the kick to the head. Yep. The refs gathered around, they looked at it. There was also an attempted kick to the nut, nut sack that they kind of just poo-pooed away.


They looked at the review and they said, okay, we can't give him another technical 'cause we can't kick him out, but we can say flagrant and he's allowed to keep playing. And I think everybody thought that Draymond was gonna get kicked out at that point, including Draymond. Yep. And he was sitting on the bench like, oh fuck. And it was funny 'cause he knew that he couldn't do what he, he knew that he had to like try to tone it back once he got teed up and so you could see him actively trying to like talk himself out of getting technicals. Yeah. And Then you get him on the ground and all that goes out the window and he is like, I gotta start kicking somebody. Yeah. He played, he basically played the rest of the game with two strikes. Like he, he, he, he was choking up on the bat is like, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta foul some things off.


I gotta make sure that I don't make it out here. It was crazy. You just, And great defense, You can't get more than five, 5,000 a tech and a flagrant And great defense at the end. Yeah. Shutting That down on Shane go. Yeah, it was pretty incredible. And, And by the way, underrated like the, the YouTube puts up the final like six minutes of every game, which is pretty sick. If you ever miss any of these games that we're talking about. Jimmy Butler's rebound on X go's miss with like four seconds left was insane. He just skied over everyone to get that rebound and I mean he's just, I I thought he was gonna be injured for a long time and he, he was, he scored 27 points and that that rebound like I'm gonna say right now, rebounded the first round.


Oh, I like that. Yep. So you're saying that Jimmy Butler has beaten the unathletic allegations? Yes, that was my rebound of the first round. Okay. 'cause the, the rockets are so much bigger than the, the Warriors and if you sh misses one like that, you're, you're hoping like he shot with the, with five seconds of the shot clock 'cause you're like, we'll hopefully get an offensive rebound, be able to win the game that way. And he just skied over everyone rebound to the first round. Are you now is the, is the Aaron Gordon buzzer beater? Is that technically a rebound? No, I'm counting that as a pass. 'cause I love Yoic so much, even though he said it Wasn't, it was definitely an assist. Yeah. Yeah. Playoff Jimmy's back and did you hear what, what playoff Jimmy said about playoff Jimmy?


No. So this is very confusing to try to follow me on this one. He initially denied that playoff Jimmy exists. Oh. So he, he said, man I think it's a facade that people have created over the years. Playoff Jimmy, I know what I'm capable of. I can tell you that. And now just wait because after saying it's a facade that people have created that doesn't exist, he then goes on to say, I don't really just take it up a notch. I might have the ball a little bit more. I might be a tad more aggressive looking to score, but you're talking about somebody that's gonna do anything to fucking win. That's a motherfucker right there. The per the person they deemed as playoff Jimmy, he'll die out there. He really will. It's scary. He really will die out there. So he, he, he started off by saying no, that's just something you guys talk about.


And then he thought about it, he was like, yeah, no, he's different. Playoff James is a different guy. Yeah. I can't be responsible for anything he does. But yeah, he's man the Warriors I think, what are they like 20, I wanna say 26 and nine or something since they got Jimmy Butler. Yeah. 27, 7 And nine. They've been 27 and nine. And I think most of the losses they have are either without playing Steph Curry and then to a couple really, really good teams. But the Warriors are not, they're not the team that started the season. They are one of the best teams in the NBA right now. And you have to be sick of your're the Rockets because this was a very winnable game. 'cause you had Fred Van Veli go off. Sh Goon was awesome. This is though my point going into the playoffs, like the young team, Jalen Green, like that's your second leading score and he's just, he was a no-show and that's just what he's been this year.


He's either been incredible and or a no-show. And it's like that consistency and being able to win games when maybe your best player or second best player is not shooting well. But he just, I they're just a young team that's going up against the Wiley old vets and Dylan Brooks. The minute that Jimmy Butler said that you you bitch, you you weak you a bum. I was like, he's got 'em right where he wants 'em. Yeah. That's exactly what he wants. And with Jalen Green, he, I thought it was either Shaq or, or Chuck that said it after the game. But they made a pretty good point, which is that he was only three for eight. Which isn't, it's not terrible. It's not, it's not a good game. It's not terrible. But one of them said like, you don't even know if you're having a cold bite.


Right. If you only shoot the ball eight times. Right. And you're, you gotta be for the Rockets to be like a real contender. He has to be shooting the ball more and scoring more. Like that's just a fact. You know, you can't rely on Fred Van Ley to go eight for 12 from three. So to have him do that and then lose that game, that's brutal. Yeah. And when you didn't have a good Steph Curry. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So that's, We didn't get a blowjob night from Steph Curry. No, We had the J but Pem Zeki and Draymond Green playing at the edge all night. Did did you hear, did you hear Bill Simmons say that? Yeah. The a Steph Curry game is like getting at getting head. I think he said it's like hating on blow jobs.


Who does that? Yeah. No one. I mean he got, you gotta clarify 'cause I don't like to give blow jobs. That's true. There's two sides to that coin would say like that's, I would say a a Dre on night is more like anal sex. Yeah. It's like, it's like fun maybe sometimes, but it's also a little dangerous and someone's gonna get sore. A a Dre on night is like BDSM. Yeah. Like one of those, one of those dudes that like goes to sex dungeon and has a chick step on his balls with high heels for, for four hours and then he comes. Yeah. It could be fun if you're into that sort of thing. Yeah. I'm not saying like all the time. No time. Yeah. We're we're sex positive podcast. Yeah. I needed Illa though.


To to, to like chime in in that moment and just be like, you got a big oral fixation bill or something like that. Just reverse it. You gotta say getting blow jobs. Yeah. But he is right hating on Steph Curry. Like I love Steph. I don't know anyone who doesn't. Well I would never hate on somebody that liked to give blow jobs. I always hate the dude. There's always some dude who's like, I don't even like getting blowjob. Like fuck you dude. What are you talking about? You're a piece of shit. That could be a good strategy though. If you're, if you're like younger, I'd say in your early twenties or so and you tell a chick, you're like, yeah, you know, I don't know blow just never do it for me.


And then in the back of their head they're like, well the way I do it. Yeah. Tommy smokes I think says that, I think he says he doesn't like getting blow jobs. Like fuck you dude. Yeah. That's, that's weird. Like what Are you talking about? You're just trying to be different. Like that's, come on. Don't do that. Alright. Should we talk hockey? Yeah, we gotta talk hockey. By the way, did you guys see we're not in studio so we can't play the video. Put, put a note in it for take of the year or take these. Did you guys see Rich Eisen almost cry about the Shado prank call? I did not see that. No. It was quite something And we like Rich, but he was almost in tears.


Now was he crying for the future of our youth? He was crying about the whole incident. Like if you took out the context of it being a prank call, you could definitely convince me. He was talking about like a horrific like tragedy somewhere. Okay. I'm, I'm gonna have to look this up. I'm gonna have to watch it. He's gonna have to be in the ies because it was something Apparently Connery, the, the guy that the commanders drafted, he got prank called too and there was another guy that got prank called after he got drafted and they told him that you're getting traded. Oh. So this is like, now we're up to like six guys that these dudes prank called.


Yeah. A lot of prank calls. The prank calls back. Yeah. The Jerky Boys are back. Baby Jerky Boys were the best. I remember having those CDs. It was fucking awesome. Was it Jerky Boys? What was the, was that Toll Booth Willie? No, that was Sandler. That was Sandler. Sandler Did some The Goat. Yeah. Yeah. The Jerky Boys did Terrorist Pizza. That was their big hit. Jerky Boys are so funny. Alright, let's talk some hockey. PFDI don't know why you guys didn't play tonight. I'm pissed off about that. I really wanted to, But we've got some, so we got eliminations devils are out, which I think we're gonna get to that moment later in the podcast where Max was like, no, the devils are still in.


And we're like, no dude, they're probably out. But it was a crazy game 'cause it was an overtime game. Five four double overtime game. The hockey playoffs have been incredible. And by the way, I know we, we haven't, we we've been promising, but we have confirmed Ryan Whitney will be on the show on Monday's show. So we're gonna recap all of round one in preview round two. But they have been every single night like the Lightning Panthers series. Incredible. With the hits and everything that's going on. Eck Blas Elbow, he got, he got, we, we went from, I think I Hagel took out Barkov and then Eck Blad took out Hagel and now Eck Blas out.


It was, they're just getting each other's out with injuries and suspensions. It was a gnarly elbow too. The the Panthers were, they're playing a little chippy the other night. They were boarding, they were just ramming guys heads into the walls. They're a they're a physical team. I, yeah, I do not want to play the, the Panthers in the Playoffs. But I, I have a confession to make, I tweeted this out because there's a couple people that have been tweeting at me a lot in the last couple days. I I kept something from you in my recap about my visit to Montreal. So you went To supers sex? I did not go to supers sex. Remember to shut down Shit. Yeah. Allegedly. I did, I did leave the game early. Oh, I saw, you know what P left early T left early.


But I, Yeah, I got sent a video. Yep. And I didn't, I did not retweet it. 'cause I was like, fuck it. He might just be taking a shit. And I'm also defending, I'm not, I'm not gonna put my boy out there. I'm gonna defend him. But I did see a video of someone on the opposite side. Yep. They had your seats like pegged and they're like, where are they? Where Are they? Yep. So I was at the game. I was in my seat for almost all the game. And then in the third period, oldie and I were sitting, there we're depressed caps are losing, boys are no longer buzzing. And there's about three minutes left in the game. We're down two goals, lot of time left. And we, we just got a penalty against us though.


So we're about to go man down down two with about minutes left. So when they needed men, The most left. You were like, supers sex. Hit the supers sex button. I turned in, I turned into a boy is what I did. And I Yeah, listen, I feel like in that situation, you're not gonna come back if you're down two goals and you also have two minutes where you're down a man. Right. It's the NHL playoffs man. It is the playoffs. Anything can happen Is bad. Anything Happened, it was bad. And I also gave a lot of bulletin board material when I just glazed Montreal. I just like sucked their building's dick for about five minutes on, on part of my take. And I just have a feeling that if it goes back there, there's gonna be a lot of that thrown in my face.


Yeah. So I'll have to deal with it when it, when it comes to me. But yeah, I wanted to let you guys know that I did regrettably leave the game about two and a half minutes early May or may not because I wanted to go supers sex. I think that's okay. I I mean I Yeah, you were down, well you were down two Down two and a man down And a man down. Yeah. That game was over. I wasn't Gonna leave until we got to, I'm not really guy. Yeah. That game was over. Gotta beat the cr traffic. So yeah, this Lightning Panthers game though. That was one of the craziest games. 'cause we had two separate instances where the teams went two goals in 11 seconds.


The Lightning did it in the second period. They went up two one, it felt like they were gonna win the game. And Blad, who by the way, he got suspended two games for his forearm. He did not get a penalty in, in the real time because the refs just missed it. Which is crazy because it was the most blatant forearm that I've ever seen. I texted Whitney and I asked him, I was like, what is this? Like is it, is it, this is just hockey or they just mi He said the rest were just out of position and they just missed it. Like they, they just didn't see it. So that, and then, and then bla scores the goal to tie a tutu. Then 11 seconds later, Seth Jones and the Lightning are now, it was, it was like the lightning Were about to be two two in the series and now it's three one Panthers.


That game was so awesome though. Yeah. And, and this series does, does have a lot of bad blood in it, which is great. Yeah. So I can't wait to watch the rest. Yeah. It's, it's very funny to look at like, like I said, Hagel injured. Barkov got suspended for game four, then came back, got injured by Blad, then Blad got suspended for the next two games. They're just passing the torch of it. It's, Yeah, it's Great. It's it's playoff hockey baby. We also, this the stars Absolutely Shit. Pumped the avalanche, which was, it was crazy. 'cause they scored, I don't know, it was like a minute into the game and then three minutes into the game, the announcers were like, this is actually the longest they've doubled up.


How long they've had a lead in this series because the stars up until that point had two overtime wins. So they hadn't, they weren't leading any of the, like, they had been leading for like a minute and a half the entire series. And then they just, they absolutely like you. The one cool cool thing about hockey playoffs is sometimes you can turn on a game. And this has kind of happened to you in game three in Montreal. The arena feels so loud and crazy and the team has such a jump that you're like, there's just no chance of losing tonight. Yeah. You just know you can, you can feel it. Right. And yeah, the, the entire west, these playoffs have been incredible.


So I think on Monday before the games wasn't every series was two. Two. Yeah. And every series in the east was three one. Yeah. It's been great. I I really can't wait to talk to Whitney about it because Yeah. I know that he, he's able to watch the games and actually pick up on what's happening out there. I have a kind of an understanding, but it's typically limited to when I think the announcer's wrong. Then I just bury that point deep in my head. Yeah. And I'm like, okay, now I've got a handle on it. Did you guys also see, which I loved Messier. They Messier was like, I think he, I think he was getting on his high horse about BLS elbow and was like, you know, that's crazy dangerous. All this stuff, like, to the head.


And then the ESPN producers just got a like one minute highlight reel of him doing the exact same thing to like a million different guys. Yeah. It's great. I love, I love it when that happens. Biz from time to time has been known to wander into a similar situation, but it's like when Rodney Harrison's on Sunday Night Football talk about how like James, James Harrison is a disgrace to the league. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Oilers, Oilers finally beat the harmonica band. Yeah. That's, that's tough. I'm glad that they brought 'em back and I love that the crowd sings along too. Yeah. They should hand out harmonies like more. The whole crowd should if you know how to play join in. Yeah. That series has been nuts too because it feels like the Oilers have been dead 17 different times and they're now up three, two in this series.


And we should have mentioned we are now officially on. Is this gonna be the Leafs? Like this would be very funny. They lose to, the senators weren't really in that game. I, it's, you gotta start getting nervous. It's three, two, you're, you can't, you can't lose. I mean, game six is back in Ottawa. Yep. If they get to a game seven. Oh my God. Yeah. I think that if you were to ask Maple Leaf fans Yeah. You're up three one, but tonight was a must win because of what you said. Game six Ottawa's gonna be an insane environment. It's gonna be super tough to win there. And then Game seven is the biggest, the biggest butthole, pucker game of your life if you're a least fan.


It's like, how, how much more sad can things get? This would do it. This would get more sad. Yeah. And they weren't, it wasn't like the Stars AVS game, like they didn't get killed. 'cause I think it was one nothing throughout the, through the first two periods. But what happened is Omar got a, got a shutout and was making some incredible saves. And then the, the senators opened it up in the, in the third period. You don't wanna let a goalie get hot. No. You don't wanna let a goalie get hot. Well, in the first period they, the Leafs had so many good chances. Yeah, they did. And, and that top line that the Leafs have, especially their power play unit, their power play unit is insane with all the goal scores that they have. They've got Tavaris, they've got NY Neander, they've got Austin Matthews obviously, and I'm trying to remember who else.


Oh, Mitch Marr. Yep. And they were getting great chances and they just couldn't score. And it was like, after it, it was one of those games where it felt like the Leafs were the better team in the first period, but the fact that they didn't score made it seem like they were down like four to nothing. Right, Right. And, and yeah. Goalie gets hot. Oh boy. Oh boy. All right. Anything else before we kick it to ourselves? We got some good Hot Seat. Cool. Thrown. We're gonna, we're gonna defend our girl Jordan again. And then we got two great interviews. Hank, what do you got? Yeah, just abolishing in studio broadcasters. Celtics had it tonight.


The two guys were not in the garden. I Think they, that's crazy. For the playoffs. They had like the, at first I thought the crowd was dead because of just the way they mix the sound where it's like, you could tell that the two guys commenting were in a quiet room and they just had like, the crowd volume on low. So it sounded like a dead arena. And I know it's been an issue with hockey. Like I've seen, I know Mann's posted some of the like, you know, TNT with the in studio announcers versus the Canadian feed with the announcers in arena and it's like night and day. Yeah. Like that should, that just needs to not be a thing. I have a question, Nick. I dunno how much money it saves. It's good for golf. It's bad for real sports. I Have a question, Nick.


Yeah. PFT. So the, the police officer that gets to sit behind the Celtics bench. Yep. How do you get that job as a cop? It's gotta be the best cop job. Is it? Are you talking about the guy that looks like Berg? Yeah. Yeah. And he's there all the time. How is that his job? How is that like, on the day that you graduate from the police academy, they're handing out your beats and they're like, okay, yeah. You're gonna be in Southie, you're gonna be in, in Duxbury, you're gonna be sitting in the second row behind the Celtics bench. I feel like it's a, you know, just seniority. You gotta know a guy and, and you know, you do do a favor for the right guy. Then all of a sudden you're behind the, behind the bench.


Are they doing cop activities while they're at the game? Because every time I see the guy, he's just watching like a fan. I think it's like security details. Yeah. It's like the, it's like the cop at the end of any every football game walking With, he's getting time and a half cop probably. Yeah. Good. I listen, I don't wanna blow the guy's spot up. I I don't wanna make it seem like I'm accusing you of not working. It just seems like the best job that you could ever have. Yeah. It's also like a universal thing. It's not like it's a Celtics specific person. That guy does look like Heidelberg. He's in the fight verse. Yeah. Yeah. Remember the remember Coach os guy who is like 400 pounds of muscle. Yeah.


And like, six, six. Now is is the Celtics cop, is that a different one from the right field? Fenway Park Cop? Yes. Okay. I think that guy retired. That's another great job. Yeah. That to be like sitting facing forward at a game is pretty sick. Yeah. 'cause like being security and having to stand under the basket and looking at the crowd would suck. But being able to face forward, that's a, that's a primo job right there. Good gig. That's a good gig. Missoula probably is like, I'll find out. I can, I can probably find, do some digging internally on, on how that guy got I bet Missoula is like, if shit goes down, I don't want you, I don't want you helping me at all.


Don't want Lemme fight my way out. Like, if I, like if you, if you try to to defend me, I will. I will come after you. He doesn't want that shit. Okay, let's kick it to ourselves. We've got two great interviews. Rose Hot Seat. Cool Throne Max's White House trip. Pretty fucking cool. We're gonna recap it all back in studio.


Okay. Let's do some Hot Seat. Cool Throne. It is brought to you by our friends at Body Armor. This segment is brought to you by Body Armor, sports drink. Body armor is real hydration with electrolytes, coconut water, and no artificial dyes, flavors or sweeteners with your favorite flavors like strawberry banana and orange mango. But in a brand new look, you are going to love, look at this brand new look right on my desk. So it's time to rewrite your routine and get rid of the sports. Drink your grandparents drink. Get your body armor today at Walmart or a local grocery store near you. Body Armor. Choose better.


Henry. Hot Seat. Cool Throne. My Hot Seat is love. Yeah. Oh, why? There's just media reports. You know, we, we talked on Sunday about Jordan and Jordan. Yeah. By The way, about the book tour, by the way, we, we were our fault. It's Jordan. Oh, Is it? I don't know. I just like saying that Jordan Jordon, It's exotic. And you know, we, we also, we love, love and, And We have her back. We root for love because We want Belichick on the show. Right. And the the fake news media and, and big tech are, are doing their best to just take down this, this beautiful couple by releasing reports that, you know, there's concerns within the UNC organization about this relationship and her involvement with the, the football program.


There was reports that she stormed out of that same interview for 30 minutes, causing a delay. All, all reports, nothing. None of this has been verified. This is TMZ, the fakest of the fake news. But yeah, love is on the Hot Seat. So I saw they're just trying to, they're trying to tear down a beautiful couple. It's, it's the, the dynamic duo of TMZ in the New York Post. Ugh. Recording These things. Disgusting. I saw the headline in the New York post. It said that the relationship, or at least Jordan is a runaway train. Right? Runaway train. Runaway Train. That's probably, I I would imagine what, Wait, what? They said the relationships are runaway. Like they called Her a runaway train and I thought maybe that quote came from Belichick because maybe she's just got a caboose that won't quit.


Yeah. What? It's so facto runaway train. Isn't that a song? Runaway, runaway Train. It's a great song by Tom Petty. Yeah. Yeah. That's a, that's a great song. So actually it's a compliment I guess. I mean, Tom Petty's a legend so to Yeah. To say that she is a Tom Petty song. That's a pretty good Compliment. And Jordan and cool ass chick. Yeah. And it Sucks to see people tearing her down like this. Here's what I'll say. In defense of Jordan, she's handling it very well. Yeah. So she posted on Instagram a long email screenshot of Bill Belichick talking about the book and how the media's gonna only focus on him saying like that he lost and not focusing on the 250 pages of him talking football.


Which that Email by the way, was definitely sent by Bill Belichick. Right. Bill Belichick. Yeah. He wrote he wrote that. Yeah. And also it, it's very funny because like what, when you hype up a book, that's how it works. They take one excerpt that's like, they don't really care about what your game plan was in the Super Bowl. They take about, they care about like you saying something salacious and then they hype up the book that way. Does, does Jordan know how hype works? I think she's hyping it right now. She is hyping it, but they didn't want him to talk about the relationship. And she did storm out for 30 minutes. Allegedly. Allegedly For reports and big tech. And also what if she, alright, you know what? 'cause we are a Jordan podcast.


'cause we want Bill boat check on PMT. What if she just had to take a shit? Yeah. 30 minute shit. Well what's the problem there? I saw her. You can't what girls can't shit again. Misogyny is at play here. I Saw her Instagram post. My favorite part of it was that it was, it used the soundtrack for the post of Taylor Swift. Look. Oh, nice. What You made me do made me do, there was also two two slide carousel posts. The first post was the screenshot of the email. The second post was a screenshot of a video from her camera roll that was 35 minutes. Oh no other context. Okay. What was on it? No other context? No, In the 35 minute video. Did you watch It? No, it was a screen. Like if you took a, you know, if you looked at your photos.


Gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. And it had like, it was just like, there is a video that's 35 minutes on her phone. But the screenshot that didn't show anything, that Is wait, That is the most disturbing thing I've heard so far. That's relationship that she has a 35 minute video that she took on her phone. Maybe it's the 35 minutes she was taking a shit. I May be, she seemed to be alluding to That. Do you think she took a video of herself taking a shit? 'cause that's what, you know. Look what she made me do. I Won't watch it. I will not. I'll listen. I won't watch 35 59. There's just two pairs of feet on the ground. Feet. Wait, what? You said feet. There's two pair. The tootsies. Is this the shit? What is this video? What the hell again? She's handling it.


See, Perfectly. See this not crashing out. I'll Say this. I'm gonna follow her on Instagram right now. You already follow. I don't, but now I do. Also, she is again not crashing out. Just simply retweeting people that are defending Bill Belichick on Twitter. Is she? Yeah. Like this person replied to Florio said, or maybe she didn't want her or their personal relationship to be part of the in interview instead of on football. I think if they don't wanna talk about they shouldn't. And if anything your article, demons, demons, why demonstrates why trying to embellish and take things outta context. Retweet Dennis Byers with an egg profile said the interview was supposed to be about his new book about his dad at Navy.


They were wearing Navy for this reason. Retweet again, handling it well. I see a woman who cares about her man and doesn't want him to be screwed around by the media. This is from Texan nightmare. She's probably not gonna fuck you bro. Nothing awkward about it. Imagine a private person wanting to keep their private life private. Shocking it. She's not exactly well a private person anymore. Yeah. She is running comp for the UNC football program. Right. And posting probably the most famous football coach on her Instagram all the time. Retweet though. Well, I'm looking at her Instagram post here. Riddle me this.


How does one write a review about a book they haven't read? Oh, it sounds like she's she's going on a, a one woman tirade against everybody in the media right now. Actually also riddle me this, I have definitely done that. I've definitely done that. I've, I think multiple times someone has asked me to write a review or give a blurb and I'm like, cool, no problem. Did not read the Book. I've reviewed movies of books that I haven't read. Yeah. So like I can tell you that the Da Vinci code sucked there though. There you go. What I just saw. I just saw the movie. Great movie. Either way we're we're Jordan's show And we have no ulterior motives outside of trying to get Bill Belichick on the show. And we've been, we we, it's clear that the keys to Bill Belichick are dangling off of Jordan's And we just very expensive purse.


And we love love And we love people having to take 30 minute ship breaks. Hank Runaway train. You do that all the time. No, right. When we do Hot Seat cool throw. And you're like, I'm outta here On way track. We did have one interview on this show. I don't know if you wanna say the name or not, that had a similar, where we interviewed a person and their, their manager possibly possible relationship there. Oh, Not interjected. Not that Person. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That was someone else. Remember that? Yeah. It doesn't this seem exactly about that. Like that relationship. Wait, who is it? We can bleep it. He's Really tall. Very tall. It was a long time ago With mix tape. Oh yeah, yeah. With with Kareem.


Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Kareem It gave me that exact, but Also was Kareem is credit to Kareem. He's one of those guys that has the reputation of being tough to deal with. And then he was, and I was like, you know what respect. 'cause you don't want it to be the reverse. You don't want someone to be like, Hey, he's the friendliest guy. Like, it would break my heart if like Adam Sandler when we interviewed him was a dickhead. He was the nicest guy ever. Kareem I knew going in is like, he might not like us and he did not. I don't necessarily think that Kareem's even a jerk. I think he just is a, a private person. He doesn't like doing media. Yeah. But he knows that he has, He's really good at basketball. He knows he has to do it sometimes. Like Jordan, who does it sound like Jordan? Belichick? Jordon. It sounds like Belichick and Jordon.


Okay, so Jordon keep doing. You retweet. We gotta get memes. Try to get retweeted by Jordan. Reply to Florio and or or any account and just be like, you know, and tag her and be like, can't can't a girl just have love and be private. I feel like it's gotta be like Shane. Yeah, Shane Have Shane. We'll have Shane do it. Yeah. All right. Shane's, Shane's. Shane's gotta get re Are we getting our presents today by the way? We are getting Our presents. Yeah. Fuck Yes. Okay. Everyone but me. Okay. Well you, you don't need a present from Italy. You just go to the fucking meatball hut every day. Alright, cool. Tone My cool throne. Where, Where'd you just get trapped to? Did you, did we lose you for a sec?


Well, I was pulling up, I, my cool throne is is Alex Cooper. I just saw this before the show that Yeah, Hulu's doing a two part documentary. So is that part on her and part on Call Her Alex part on Sophia with an f? I hope so. I feel like with the way things have gone with that, like they're not gonna mention Sophia with an F somehow. I don't know. Do You think that Ronan and I will be in this documentary for the time that Sophia with an F and Alex Cooper told us we had small dicks. Hopefully. I'm very excited to see how they they Was, she wasn't wrong by the way. I thought that Was not, I thought that was a great episode. Yeah. But I got taken aback 'cause I tweeted like I tweeted about it and someone in the replies goes, quotations Alex. So what are your thoughts on Henry Lockwood the fourth?


I wish I was the fourth. I'm not. And then the answer was, well Hank is a bit of a grumpy guy who doesn't really know ball and is scared of the Knicks but also afraid to admit it. And that, Wait, what was that? When did she tweet that? No, this was someone in the reply. Oh, that's making up a fake question answer. Got It. Got it. And in this hypothetical, I'm a grumpy guy. A grumpy guy who doesn't really know ball and is scared of the Knicks. I don't think you're, but also Afraid of to admit it. I Don't think you're scared of the Knicks. Thank you. Everything else Hank, when I saw this news, I, I thought the same thing as you. Two parts we're doing two, why not four? Yeah. Yeah. Why Not five? Why not Six? Why not just a daily show? There's Nothing better than the documentary. That could be like two episodes or one episode and they stretch it to three and there's just that middle, the middle where it's just like, or four.


It's Just that third episode that's just, but That might've gotten about the yak. Yeah. It might've gotten sold before. I mean they should have an episode about the mill Funner. They should. Yeah. They should. They won't. What if Doug's got in there Or me though The hooligans. We should do a Alex Cooper. Yeah. They didn't talk to me about that. I ever do an Alex Cooper documentary from our perspective, I Respect how fucking rich she is. Yeah, I really do. It's insane, dude. She's killed it. Nothing but respect. Yeah. It would be funny if we did one from our slash Jealousy Perspective and it was just like, so yeah, we saw her one day and then a couple months went by. She came out to Field day. Yeah. That one time And we saw her again.


Yeah. Field day. I remember that because I actually, they want Sophia with an F and Alex Cooper wanted to get lunch and Field Day was right by my neighborhood. And I walked back to my apartment with just me and the two of them. And it was, we had nothing to talk about. Nothing. I remember that, that episode where the two of them were talking about like the size of guys Dicks in the office. Yeah. And I all, I took away from it because they mentioned me and they said, yeah, pf t's got a big dick. And I was like, this is a very awesome episode. Yeah. I love this episode. And then Big Cat and Rowan came walking out and they were pissed off. And I was like, you got so angry. That was a, that was a great chat. I I, I mean again, they got it right so I wasn't Get right.


They can't really Do anything about it, but it was cool To hear and when someone says, Hey, you got a small dick? I'm like, yep, whatcha gonna do? Alright. That it, yeah. Still get laid. Yeah. Cool. The cool thing was actually the Giants. Oh no. Well that's crazy. 'cause my Hot Seat was the Giants. Oh. Oh. I had the giant new New York Giants on the Hot Seat because although they seem to have made some good moves in the draft, they took another step back yesterday because at the White House, our president Donald Trump was addressing the Philadelphia Eagles. I dunno if you guys saw that The Eagles went to the White House yesterday. But he was talking about, he did like a full season recap of the Eagles going back to like week one and just gave basically a play by play of every cool play that happened that year.


But he said in the off season they picked up Saquon, he was on the Giants, he was a great player. I told the Giants, I told them, do not let this guy go. He's a great player. They didn't listen to me. They let Saquon go and now he's with a great team. It just must have felt bad for, I felt bad for Giants fans that had to listen to that. Yeah. Yeah. And then the Giants act, they actually had to release a statement saying we did not in fact talk to President Trump prior to letting Saquon Barkley go. Yeah. It was so Max the completion of one of the best story arcs in Pardon My Take history. Jerry O'Connell calling us his big dom pranking. You, you getting so upset that you almost quit the show leading to the real big Dom texting me and you and being like, my peans, this can't stand.


We gotta get Max the White House. Turns out you went to the White House. Tell us how it was. It was great. I mean, big Dom hooked it up per usual. It was a buzzer beater like Sunday, Sunday, right before the actual day happened. He hit hit. There were, we were in talks, but nothing was official until Sunday. I got the official invitation, you know, there it, it was mostly just like, it was the team up up doing the ceremony and everything. And then it was a bunch of like, like politicians and like their plus ones who were all Eagles fans that were like in And ante. And then it was me. So it was like a bunch of Eagles fans that were like, what are you doing here?


What are you doing here? How did you end up getting in here? And then luckily Big Dom hooked it up. It was cool. I mean, I've never obviously been that close to the White House. It's pretty damn cool. I was in the South Lawn, saw the entire thing, go down big dom, you know, he did it again. Big Dom's the best. I'm forever, forever grateful for Big Dom. And it was the only way that that story could have ended Did that picture of Big Dom where he's standing like above the whole team was so badass. I mean he's just the man Trump, he was the first person that Trump like shout out and brought to the stage. Yeah. He brought, he, He brought big Dom up there. He is like, you're a big guy, you're great at your job. And big Dom shook his hand, said My Paisan. Yeah. I mean, How that's that's just his, his his let me, let me, that's just like his meeting call, right?


Yeah, yeah. But, but, but Max think about this like, so we watched the whole thing from, from here. Trump's whole speech was hilarious. 'cause he basically just did a play by play of the entire season. He was just like, and then Saquon jumped over two guys. Like, which Played Yeah. It was all Eagles fans in the crowd and they were like, yes. That was awesome. Yeah. That was awesome. Yeah, he Was it right. He just kept on, he kept on going through the whole season. So for you, like, it had to be a crazy moment to be like, I'm standing on the lawn of the White House while the president talks about my favorite team winning a Super Bowl. What the fuck is going on? Yeah, no, it's, there's many times where this show has brought those sorts of moments.


That was definitely among the top. It was just like what I, I am so out of place here, but you know, just happy to be there. Yeah. So you took a piss in the White House? I took a piss outside of the White House. Oh, did you get in the White House? Wait, You took it in the Rose Garden? No, There were. Did you The bathroom set up At Any point when you were on the White House lawn, were you thinking about Hamas? No. Hamas. There were a lot of Photoshops of Hamas. Okay. I took the picture and then, you know, the internet ran. The internet ran without Hamas saw him Maga Max comments. Yeah. Make America Max again. I'm down for that Mama. Just Max. Just, just Max. It's just Max. Very Cool. Do we give any credit to Jerry O'Connell? No. Okay.


Oh, you gotta give Credit Max. That's bullshit. That's crazy. Yeah, that's bullshit. Because Jerry O'Connell without Jerry O'Connell, that would not have happened Jerry. Yeah. Obviously that's the only reason it happened. And he Set the wheels in motion. No, He did. Big do. But I don't, I still don't like him. You know, having this victory lap. I Think Big Dom Was gonna invite you regardless. I don't think that Jerry With agree that I agree with. I agree. Big Dom's. My guy. Yeah. Big Dom was gonna make sure that I got in there. I saw, I saw him also defend vigorously the tush push. Yeah. That had to make You feel good. Don Trump defended the tush push up there. He said it's a great play. It's a strong play. They shouldn't take it away and, And bring back the kickoff And bring, and then in an ultimate direct shot at our friend Sam Schwartzstein Trump won't fucking stop taking like a direct sniper shot at Sam Schwartzstein for his kickoff rule.


Like Sam has been watching tv, he's been watching football his whole life. He's been playing football. He came up with a play that he thought would be a a, a benefit to the game. He's very proud that it's in the NFL. And now that it got there, the president of the United States keeps talking about what a shitty rule it is. And he just has to sit there dealing with it. Like, God damn it. So funny. It is very funny. What have you thought though? Alright, so you're not gonna give credit to Jerry O'Connell, but we could use Jerry O'Connell for fu Like what if Jerry O'Connell prank calls you and says he's Nick Siri and says, Hey, I want you to come out to training camp. I think you'd, we have a roster spot for you. And then you get pranked and then big Dom text is like, that's unfair what they did to my pi.


We got a roster spot for Max. I'm retired from all Jerry O'Connell pranks. Okay. Retired from pranks. Yeah. I, it would be a real shame if Jerry were to call up impersonating Tom Cruise and it'd be like PFT, I'd like to invite you to be in the next top gun. That would, that's a good, that's a good prank. That would suck. Don't do that. He would be like, Sorry Tom, I can't actually fly. I'm scared of heights. Yeah. I can fly. Are you scared of heights? I'm scared of heights, but I can fly. IPFT Don't let Hank do this 'cause I got something for Hank later. I can fly. I'm not, don't you worry. I'm not letting Hank get away with anything. Don't you worry? As long as I'm not outside. Don't you worry. I got something coming up on, on my Hot Seat. Hank. You can't even get 10 feet off the ground. Don't talk about Heights. Don't you worry. I'll tag you back. I'll tag you in. I'll let you know I'm gonna PFT.


Oh Really? 'cause that's Dunking Height. No Dunking Height's actually. Ten seven. Okay. You can't get ten seven off the Ground. Yeah. PFT when I, that's a big seven inches When I give you this. That's what I would Say when I do this. Yep. That means you're ready. Okay. Yep. So just Look for that big Dom also FaceTimed me when he was with Lane Johnson. Jordan Milot and Saquon. So I got, I I I have a screenshot of a FaceTime with me and Saquon that's Fucking sick from like a hundred feet Away. So sick. No, no, no. Just like on the phone. That's sick. No, But I'm saying like when he FaceTimed you, you were like, No, no, no. They were, this was after. This was after the Fact. Okay. Got it. Got it, got it. And what would you rate the experience overall? 10 outta 10 Big Dom's the best. Yeah, He is the best. He is. We will forever be a big dom If there's, if there's two things you can take from this podcast, it's that big.


Dom is our paan. We'll defend him to the ends of earth and Jordan keep doing you baby. Yep. But one more than you're a badass ass bitch. One way more than the other. Yeah. Jordan. Yeah. Jordan Jordan's Number PMT power rankings. In fact, I would have Jordan on the podcast without Belichick. Oh Absolutely. Without a doubt. She Deserves her two part Netflix series. Oh, Jordan could maybe listen, Jordan's doing a pretty good job of managing an NF or NFL now. College Coach's whole calendar career. Maybe. Jordan manages Jerry O'Connell. Oh I like that. I think Jerry would like her. Give her A little piece. Jordan my take.


I like that. Okay. My cool throne is billionaires paying for a fair amount of their public private fucking stadium purchases. So Josh Harris, great owner. Some would say the best owner in sports, right? Max? Say that again. Josh Harris may the greatest owner in sports. Yeah. No, I, all Commanders fans are now Sixers fans. If the Wizards don't get the number one pick, wouldn't mind it if the Sixers got it. 'cause that's just a testament to, to Josh. Ownership Harris' owner. Yep. Ownership. The process has worked. The results of the process haven't worked. Yeah. But you gotta trust the process of the process, which is what he's in charge of As my friend Steven Chase says, great value, great value. Sixers have gotten great value, Tremendous value. It's not over yet, So, so this is actually very big, A big piece of news for Washington DC and Washington sports fans is that RFK Stadium is coming back, which is, we had that stadium for, I want to say like 30 years or so in the heart in the district itself.


We moved out there in like 97, 98 to suburban Maryland into a soulless toilet bowl of a stadium. That was it. It just only existed to generate revenue at the expense of fan convenience. At the expense of the fan experience while you're at the game. I bought tickets there. My first game that I went to. I bought tickets, didn't have a lot of money. I spent like 50 bucks on a skins giants game. Went out there and I was seated directly behind a giant pillar, a cement pillar. I could only see from within the 20 yard line on each side of the field. That stadium was a dump and it still is a dump. It's a piece of shit. And it's also just out in the middle of nowhere. Doesn't tie anything into the community. The team practices Virginia. In Virginia, they play in Maryland like 50 minutes outside the city.


It sucks bad place. RFK Stadium is where the stadium should be. And they announced yesterday that they're gonna go back to RFK. They're gonna build a new stadium there, hopefully get a Super Bowl, hopefully get, I don't know, maybe the draft, but concerts and all that stuff. I think it's a great plan. The one thing that does concern me a little bit is that I don't think that they've officially cleared everything with the city council yet. They did this announcement and then I heard on the radio a couple council members being like, yeah, that announcement kind of came as a surprise to us. I don't know why the mayor did that. Yeah. So my guess is it's gonna happen, but there's probably gonna be some concessions back and forth. Some like make the council members feel like they get their pound of flesh As, as someone's going through this right now, you're gonna have to negotiate with Arlington Heights as well to see if you can get a better offer.


And Then we'll have to get Kevin Warren to look at the chairs. Yeah. Yeah. And then only then stadiums Are hard to build Sign off. I mean, even in Arlington Heights, that is, that's still Chicago. Yeah. Where we built this stadium for FedEx Field it, it will go down as a, the tombstone of a soulless, a soulless project that was run by greed that accomplished nothing except to piss off an entire area and lose interest in the team. But it was DMV 'cause like Arlington's Chicago land. Yeah. Yeah. I mean listen, all these stadiums, there's a ton of stadiums that are not in the cities. Right. This one though was especially egregious. Yeah. Just because it was, it was designed with like absolutely no care to the fan. We had to spend when it was open in like 98, we had to spend a long time out there.


And it sucks for skins fans. There was no good way to get to it. I'm glad that now it's in the district. You've got Metro, you've got all this stuff. I hope they bring back the stands that used to bounce that we used to have at RFK. Now when they originally had those, it was just because people were jumping up and down and the stadium wasn't that well built. So the stands would move and they would shake. I hope they put hydraulics in so that you can actually have a section that you can get in. That'd be cool. Make it bounce up and down. That'd be really cool. I, it's, it's honestly the coolest thing ever. This is what I've wanted for the longest time, is for the team to move back to the city. So I'm very, very, very excited about that. New Ownership actually works. Well what happened was the, the day that Snyder sold the team, the mayor of DC was like, yeah, okay, now we'll have the conversation.


Right. Because we just gave up on dealing with that piece of shit. Yeah. So credit to Josh Harris Max. Josh Harris, Great owner, great Owner. Yep. And the devils were in the playoffs too. They were. So what A great, what a great season it's been for Josh Harris. Yeah, Absolutely. Alright. Technically still in it, technically. Well they, Yeah, We Are they playing tonight? I don't know. And we already recorded, we're doing this out of order because we wanna make sure everyone has their updated games. I get all My double's News as of right now. They could be out of It's true. I Get all my double's news from Frank the tank. Yeah. So as far as I'm concerned, they have been out of it for six Months. And also Juan Soto has not gotten a hit this year. Correct. Juan Soso. What Is Juan Soto? Can I see Juan Soto's stat line real quick because I I I have seen this is just, we should just do this as a random segment.


Like what do you think this player's doing based on Frank? The tank's. Okay. Tweets. So I saw Frank the tank tweet a couple days ago that he was batting like a hundred. I think I, I think He's probably batting two 40 Based on Frank. The Tank streets. The devils did not make the playoffs. The Mets are 500 and Juan Soto's batting one 20. Yeah. What is he batting 2 67? 2 57. 2 57. Two seven. I mean, that's not like, obviously you want Juan Soto to bat higher than that, but that's not even close to a historically bad year. I think that's the le That's probably above the league average. What's his, what's it click on Juan Soda?


What's his career average? It's definitely higher than 2 57, but it's probably not like what's his career average that you just get some, Maxie was so much smoother when you weren't here. I'm Gonna lie. Oh God, he's so Bad. What do you mean? I clicked on, on The fucking thing. The look, the lookup was, the lookup was bad. Dude. The was A draft. How is that bad? You just, you said Juan Soto, I clicked on his fucking name and you guys are like, oh, the look. You just look at 2 84. 2 84. 2 84. Okay. 2 84. So What did you want me to do there? Bad lookup. How is that a bad lookup? Well, You were just kinda lost. Well, I, sorry, I don't, I didn't memorize exactly where ESPN puts all of their career stats.


Okay. It just take some accountability. Alright. My Hot Seat is accountability 'cause well it's two people. It's me and, and Hank. I'll go first. I fucked up like seven things on Monday. The value did have time put back on ESPN fucked me on that. But I'm accountability also, there's just like incredible running backs named number 22. It's Emmett Smith, Matt Forte, Derek Henry Christian McCaffrey with the Panthers. Najee Harris probably doesn't belong in that group. I can't remember numbers for the life of Me. Didn't you say wide receiver number 22 though? Yeah, but then when we said running backs, I was like, well that's a bad running back number. And then everyone's like, dude, Emmett Smith. Okay. I, I still agree that 22 is not a good receiver number to look at.


Well, the Eagles have a receiver that's picking number 46, which I'm sure I'll probably fuck up and be like, there's some 46. I don't know. But are you guys really that Is still, that's stolen valor for fullback. You should be allowed to do that. I know. Yeah. In kind of safeties. Yeah. Like a hard hitting box. Safety. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The I know quarterback numbers. I don't know any other numbers. Like, like Stephen Shaa blows my mind when he can just, he's like, oh yeah, I know who like uni's number. Do you guys know numbers? I'm decent with offensive Numbers in football. Basketball's pretty hard. But I, I feel like I'm good with wide receivers running backs. Quarterbacks. Yeah. I don't know. Defense is Is a toss Up. I don't know. I don't know any numbers, basketball numbers to save my life.


Football numbers. I think I'm like average at I know quarterbacks. Yeah. Quarterbacks I can get None. Yeah. Yes ma'am. We did this on macro Dosing. I, yeah, he brought us in And we picked a lottery ball number and you had to Pick anyone. It's Actually a fun game. Do right now. Two, one. I was So bad. It was number two popped up and then like afterwards you're like, all right. Zach Wilson. That's just Derek Jeter. Like I know like the, the most famous person for I people are mad at me. 'cause I didn't know, I didn't know Cam Jergen's number off the top of My head, but Yeah. Right. Like I just don't 12. Yeah. So Tom Brady, fuck, I think That's Aaron Rogers. Or was he, did he change? Yeah. See, I, I don't 1212 in Green Bay. I'm So bad at numbers. I just do, those are details that I just can't, I can't Remember.


That was the easiest one ever. Do one more. That was hard. Can't believe you didn't get it. Hank 15. That Holmes. Oh, you said Vince Carter Carter. That's good. See? See I would never have gotten it. I don't know that. I just remember that as a kid. I like, liked Vince Carter. So when, whenever 15 was like a number, it was like, oh yeah, that's Vince Carter or something. I think if you Yeah. Do a number. Those are both very Names. I think if you did, if you gave me a multiple choice test, I would do. Okay. 'cause it's like one of those things that if I see the number Yeah. In the name, I can be like, yeah, that was probably his number. But if you have to get, if I had to get it from thin air, I just got no shot. All right. Just let Big Cat do this one. Well, Derek, I mean Derek Do solo one.


I know a lot of the numbers like one through. I need everyone else to Chi chime in One through five from playing Beard Eye. So just say people's name. Yeah. What is that? 90? 90. That's that's a tough one. Except wait, see I, I'm not good either. Peppers. Dwight Freeney is is tj, is he 90? He might be ju I think Julius Pepper's might have been 90. Yeah, TJ's 90. Can you see Who Ford maybe. Who? Ford. You might be 88. Oh, there we go. Julius Pepper's 90. Nice. I just so bad at it though. I I still agree though.


That 22 is Yeah, it's a tough, it's a tough receiver. There's just real, there's been, I actually, my real take is you have to be great to be 22 is a running back because it is like, there's, it's McCaffrey, Panthers, Emmett Smith, Matt Forte, Derek Henry, and then it's like the next one is Najee Harris. I still think that Zero is a bad, bad choice for Zach. Yeah. And then Hank, Hank is on the Hot Seat. He is My boy. Hank is a pussy. Why? Well, oh This is, yeah. Okay. This is, I'm watching this new show where you should watch the PFTI think I've recommended it to you. Mob Land. Yeah. Basically Tom Hardy is just Tom Hardy for the whole show. And it's so badass.


And I've been, I don't have anyone like i's a weird show because I don't think there's any buzz about it. But it's really, really good. It's about London mobs. Okay. And it's just, it's it's a great show. It's Tom Hard. Are he playing like a British mobster? He's a fixer or is he American? No, he's a British mobster. He's a fixer and he's blind. He's a badass. Pierce Broin is in it gonna shoot great show brought right in the skull. So I've been looking for someone to talk to about it and Hank said he started watching it. So I came in this morning, I watched the last episode last night. No spoilers. Everyone should go watch it. 'cause I, we should talk about it. And I was like, Hank, have you caught up on Mob Land? And he is like, no, I'm only on episode two. I was like, why dude, there's five episodes out.


How do you, it's one of those shows that if you watch one episode, you gotta watch the next because it gives you cliffhangers and it's just great. And Hank said he can't watch any type of violence at night before he goes to Bet. What is that Now? Is that because it amps it gets you too jacked Up. He said he gets scared. This Was, this was like four or five. This is pre Covid. I've, I've, I've made the switch maybe during Covid, I forget whatever Yellowstone I, Why are you bringing Covid into this? I was just trying to think of the timeline. It's been like this for a while. I've been, it was Yellowstone. I was watching Yellowstone in season one or two and I was watching before bed and proceed to have the most detailed and violent dreams of all time that I would wake up and be like alarmed that my brain could even get to that point.


'cause obviously the dreams is like real life and I'm just like doing like crazy shit. What Were you doing? I know What this is Killing people. What? You just, it's not before we go to bed. It's, you get, you get high before you go to bed. Yeah. And you can't watch a show when you're too high. No, No. Max is right. No, he said it. 'cause I get that. Like, I don't wanna watch something that's like, if I'm super high and I'm watching something that's freaking me out, that'll, that'll scare me. No, no, no. I think it's Just that Hank I do not freak out when I'm watching the show. He said he, He said he dreams and then he said, then he threw me Into it. Then I watch the show before bed and then get violent dreams. He has nothing to do With, I don't think, I don't think it's Watching the show. I Think it's that you get super high before you go to bed. Yes. And that Your dreams. I don't do that. He PFT he then threw me into it and he said, yeah, I get violent dreams after watching a violent show and I'll kill you in my dreams.


He said that to me. He said he is killing me in his dreams. Which is why I stopped watching shows like that before. But, But that's like, we need to get you some better help. 'cause like that's but, But like you're, you're making it worse by now shaming me for like, trying to stop myself from having violent Dreams. I'm not shame. I I want it on the record. You have dreams. I want on The record of people in your life. And then when you watch a show that's very violent, then you have violent dreams. At least that's how I diagnosed it. I would like it on the record. I'm not shaming Hank. I just think he's a tremendous pussy. Fair. Thank you. So you dreamed about killing Big Cat. I was having violent dreams for like a, a while because Tell me more about killing Big Cat in your sleep. Well, did you ever kill I'm Ft. I'm better helping him right now. I know This was a while. This is a long time ago.


Tell me more about that. I don't remember. I stopped, I blocked. It was a really traumatic experie. It sounds like I've blocked It sounds like that was a tough experience. Have have you ever had those types of dreams before? No. It was pretty much only in this two week period where I was watching Yellowstone. But then The Follow Up question is when do you watch the violent shows at like 8:00 AM No. Like, you know, when Did you watch Last Of Us Last week? I don't watch Last Of Us. Mm. That was violent. I don't either. Yeah. When do I might have to stop. I might, I might catch up. When do you, when do you watch your violent shows? Do you set like a reminder? Like, oh, I'm gonna have, I'm gonna have like a, a brunch and I'm gonna watch Mob Land because I know that I won't Asleep. I would say before like 10 o'clock. And if it's, if it's, if there's a chance that I fall asleep during an episode, I won't watch it.


Mm. This is not a fall asleep show. I'm a fall asleep guy. You are. Now Hank does that Put that on a quote card. Hank does that like the fact that you watch Mob Land or that you won't watch Mob Land at night? Like, I'll Watch an episode at nine o'clock and then just throw on some golf, fall asleep to golf. What, what about if you watched like a sexy show at night, would you then dream about fucking us? Mm. Possibly. Good que Have you ever fucked any of us? What qualifies as sexy show? I don't know. Porn or romance? Yeah. I mean I've definitely watched porn before. I've gone to sleep and that hasn't happened. So I guess now Do you So that, I think that means that you just want to actually kill us because if it was the, if it was equal, then you watch Porn.


I feel like I, I feel like I've, like I, I was alarmed with the dreams I was having, so I stopped the, the thing that was causing me to have those scary dreams. You guys are like worried about the dream. I told you that the dreams were fucked up. Like I said that it was like, yeah, I had some really fucked up dreams. I really didn't like it. So I stopped doing the thing that made me have those dreams and you guys are now hung up on the dreams I was having. Just wake up. I'm so mentally tough that I, I can control my dreams. Me too. Sometimes in the middle of a dream I'll be like, yo, PFT, this is a dream. Open your eyes. Yeah. And then I'll be like, okay, I'm back. Thanks. Dream PFT. Yeah. I'll be like, Hey Big Cat, you're a fucking moron dude. You're dreaming right now. I did that two days ago. I was like, this is clearly a dream. Let's just get outta here real quick.


Let's hit the reset button. Good For you. Did I ever, did I ever defend myself and kill you? I don't. Again is A long time that Well that would be reality. I feel like I might have even talked about this when, when it happened, but yeah. I had a dream last week that I was gonna fight White Sox Dave and Rough and Rowdy. Hell yeah. That's Awesome. You ever had any dreams with Steven? Oh yeah. I also had a dream that my girlfriend cheated on me with Steven J Oh, That's brutal. That was, that was bad. He's Really good at eating box. Alright. My cool throne is our friend, recurring guest. Brandon Bean. Bill's gm. So Brandon Bean had had enough of it, and this is one of my favorite moves whenever like a, a player coach or GM does this, he called into a local bills radio station and basically roasted the guys because they were saying that they don't have any wide receivers.


This was the Jeremy and Joe show on WGR five 50. And Brandon j and j Brandon Bean called in and was just like, you guys wanted me to draft Josh Rosen instead of Josh Allen. You guys, like, we scored 30 points in all of our playoff games. We need to fix our defense, not our offense. You guys are idiots. I just like any GM that sticks up for themselves. Yeah, I mean he makes a good point, which is that if you had this complaint, the time to voice, it would've been last off season after they lost digs. Yeah. Although they did draft a receiver last year. Yeah, But the time. Yeah. Yeah. The time, the time that you would have had to voice this complaint would've been last off season. That's what he said. Yeah. And he is like, this year our receivers were not a problem. I actually, I love Shaki.


Yeah, Shakir's Awesome. I think he's a great player. So yeah. I I liked hearing him do that too. And he was ready. Oh, So Ready. He was ready for it. He had the notes ready to go when he sat down that interview. And if in fact they did claim you should have drafted Josh Rosen instead of Josh Allen. If that did happen. I think that Brandon Bean has a get out of jail free card for life. Yeah. From those guys. Agreed. Like no matter what he does, no matter what happens to the team, no matter what bus he drafts, he gets to be like, you wanted Josh Rosen. Yeah, I was. Right. The the argument is over after that. That is, That is the biggest decision he possibly could have made as general manager. And he nailed and he got it right. Therefore, you just have to accept the fact that you're, you're dumb. He's smart. He's right. You're wrong.


Yeah. But I just, I I, I'm, I'm all in favor of a, of a like sports talk radio GM just being like, you know what? I was in my car. Heard you guys, you're wrong. I'm calling in. Great move. Great move Big Brandon Bean fans. Okay, good. Good. Hot Seat. Cool. Terone everyone, let's get to Christian Yelich and then we have our interview with John Summit. Really good interview. If you don't know who he is, he's probably the biggest DJ going right now. He came in studio. Both these are in studio interviews, so PFT, let's do Christian Yelich.


Okay. Before we get to Christian Yelich, we're brought to you by our friends at Gametime NBA playoffs are here. And the only place to buy hard to get playoff tickets is Gametime the official ticketing partner. Barstool Sports with killer last minute deals. All in price is views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets. Prices on the app actually go down the closer it gets the tip off and you can save up to 60% when buying last minute tickets. We're looking at tickets. Hank, what do we got? We are looking at tickets to the Chicago White Sox. Oh, you can get into tomorrow for $3. Oh C Christian Yelich. You can incredible. See Christian Yelich. Yeah. So go check him out now. Gametime, what are you waiting for? Go see Christian Yelich in action on the south side for $3 with Gametime. Take the guesswork outta buying playoff tickets. N-B-A-N-H-L baseball. Download the Gametime app, create an account, use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Aura Frames. You ready to win Mother's Day and submit your reputation as the best gift giver in the family? Give the moms in your life an Aura digital picture frame preloaded with decades of family photos. I am not the best gift giver in my family. I gotta step my game up. I'm gonna do it with Ora frames or Frames. Hank's really good though. He never forgets his Birthday. Never forgets. Ora Frames was named the best digital photo frame by Wirecutter and it's easy to see why there's unlimited storage. So you can add as many photos, videos, and funny memes as you can find. And it is so simple to set up. Just plug in and share away. Ora has a great deal from Mother's Day. For a limited time, listeners can save on the perfect gift by visiting Aura Frames dot com to get $35 off plus free shipping on their bestselling carver mat frame. That's Aura Frames A URA frames.com promo code PMT Support the show by mentioning us at checkout terms and conditions apply. Okay, here he is, Christian Yellich.


Okay, we now welcome on our very, very, very good friend, recurring guest. It is Christian Yelich from the Brewers in Studio here. You saw the office. It's good to have you here. I just looked up your name and I want you to guess what the headline. The most recent headline in the news is About me. Yeah. It's gotta be, is it something with this? No, No, no. Not that quick. Christian Yelich ghastly error cost brewers and brutal loss to Giants. Yeah. That, That was a tough one. Was he gas? What happened in the error? He air balled. A lion drive. What? How does that happen? Didn't, I don't know. Just didn't catch it.


What, what and when that happened and Then I fell down after, after I tried to go get it. I Sucked. It fell. Oh Yeah. What, what happens when you get to the dugout after that? Nothing. You're just like, fuck. Does Anyone like try to joke about it or no? No. Nobody, We joked about it later, like a day later, but then we, we ended up losing that game, bad series for us. So nobody was talking about it. And then the next day we all kind of like laughed about how I tried to tackle a fly ball and then fell fumble recovery in the outfield. Just, yeah. All around. Bad scene. Tough scene for the boys. But What, what, when, when an error happens in the outfield, is there like a moment where you're like, oh, I'm fucked. Like right before where you're like, I just misjudged this because I'm always shocked how good you guys are with it.


Oh wow. I'm watching it. That was really bad. Yeah. Holy shit. Oh my god. It was in your glove. Tough. Yeah, that was, it was exactly, it was in my glove. I don't know how I didn't go with my glove. It's the Glos fault. Oh, two hands fault Airs in the outfield are way worse than errors on the infield for whatever reason. 'cause anytime you're like backed to the field, yeah. You are chasing the ball after Oh, something bad. Something really bad has happened. That's Gotta be a very, very lonely jog that you have to do when you're like running back to the warning track To get a ball. No, when, yeah. That and then when you're just sitting out there afterwards. Yeah. It's like, look at, you just did, you know? Yeah. And you're on the road. You're like, oh, this is a great time. Everyone's having a great time right now. This is so much fun. You Can hear the fans. Yeah. Yeah. That's, don't recommend it.


I don't recommend it. Yeah. No, but, but it does happen, you know? But the opposite, I would say, like when you, when you throw someone out, that has to be like a Top. Yeah. That, that also doesn't happen all too often, you know? So that was the next part that was gonna have to happen in that play. I actually caught it. We were gonna have to try to throw the guy out at home. Oh, so that was probably what you were thinking of, like, I gotta nail this throw. Yeah. We won't make excuses for it, but yeah. I was trying to kind of catch it and throw it all at the same time. We just skipped the first part of that whole equation. Didn't catch it so we didn't get to throw it. Alright, well we got the hard question out. Yeah. After There's like a dicey play in the outfield, do you, do you just wait staring at the scoreboard being like, come on, rule that a hit rule that A hit. Oh no. That was not even close to being a hit.


That Was straight up, Just top spin line, drive air ball. I don't think we've had, we had you on what, two years ago? So it was right before all the rule changes. What, what has the pitch clock been for hitters? Is it better? I think it's great. Yeah. Because it keeps the game going. Keeps the game moving. We don't have, there's like a long game now is three hours. Right. Used to be, that used to be flying back in the day where if you played in three hours, you were super stoked. Right? 'cause usually it was like three and a half, four hours. Right. So now like, the game move even, you know, even blowouts, even when you're losing by a lot or you're winning by a lot, like, they still go quick, which is, which is cool. Right. When it first started, did you have to remind yourself? Gotta get back in the box? Yeah. Like there was a month, like spring training basically was like the adjustment period.


And then after spring training it was fine. Yeah. Do you think it's an advantage at all for hitters that like, pitchers have to go like at a different pace? No. I, I think everyone's pretty used to it now. I think before people would forget about it and now you see like one or two of those a month. Like for both sides. It, it very rarely happens now. But I think it's been good because it just, you know, keeps the action going, keeps the game moving. There's no minute, like a whole minute in between pitches, you know? So that's good. It's good to get that outta the game. And since there hasn't really been any issues with it either. It's been, it's been something that's been good. Yeah. What about the, the robot s that they're thinking about putting in? I know they've tried it out in, in the miners a little bit. Have you guys had any, because in spring training you, you had some of the robot ump where you could challenge, right?


Yeah, but I never played in a game with the, the challenge. 'cause it was only at some stadiums. Yeah. It wasn't all of them. And I never made it to any of those stadiums, I guess. So there was never any like, challenges that we gotta do. But I think it'd be, I think that would be like the furthest extent that you'd want see it. I don't want it like full, I, I just, yeah. Don't think it would be good. But that's just my opinion. I think in big spots if like there's an egregious miss or something like that, like I think even the umpires would probably want it to be, you know, corrected. That way it doesn't impact the game. Yeah. I, the way that they're talking about implementing it, it's interesting because they're gonna put it up to the players. Yeah. So it's not gonna come from the dugout. It's gonna be the player gets to say either the catcher or the batter.


I'd like to challenge this call and you only get a certain number of per game. Yeah. You gotta watch out for guys that are just like looking after their own stat line being like, Hey, I know it's the top of the second inning. Right. It's a zero zero game. Not the time to do it. But I think that that was a ball. Yeah. It's like, nah, not the time. Yeah. Yeah. They measured us for it in spring training. Like we had to go like get measured for the electronic zone. Oh, For the strike zone? Yeah. Like They came to, oh, they came to the facility and like you'd, I don't know, we had to like stand, it was like, you take getting your height taken if you got like the doctor or something, like they have the thing that goes on top of your head and then some cameras all around you and it took like 10 seconds. So, So every person strike zone is a little bit different. Yeah. It's, that's pretty wild stuff. Yeah. Yeah.


Dumb question for you. 'cause we're at the start ish of the season. What point at the start of the season are you, like, if you're not, if you start slow, you're like, fuck, this is the, the average. Because it's always, I, I always feel bad for guys who, like, you don't get a hit the first week and your average is Yeah. It's actually better to be zero Yeah. Than to be like, so It looks like you haven't played yet. Yet. Yeah. Right. Everyone's like, oh, he hasn't had in a bat yet. Yeah. But at what point are you like, all right, I gotta start getting a couple hits here. I think Right around now, like if you're still like in a, if like the hundred, like you're for like a around a hundred. Yeah. You know, but really like the end of May, you still have like a whole nother month to go before even if you like.


But even then you still have four months to play, so you can still salvage it, you know? Right. But yeah, it just looks real. It just looks ugly early. Yeah. You know? Yeah. I was flirting with a hundred earlier this year, just kind of hanging out around there for like a week or so. And it feels like an eter. You've played like seven games, so it's not that big of a deal, but it just feels like forever. Wait, so did you have the moment, 'cause you, did you not get a hit for the first few games? No, I think I got one like the second, but then I didn't get like another one for a while after that. So we were one for, we were one for the season for quite some time. Yeah. Yeah, because, so, but you agree though, like hitting zero is like, who cares? And then the minute you get that first hit, you're like, shit, they actually registered now it's point 40 or something.


One. Yeah, yeah. Oh no. Yeah. It looks like on, on April 4th you were batting 0.083. Yeah. Mm. So when you get on base on April 5th, are you doing the math? Like, okay, that's one hit. So now my average should be 0.92. No, Because I can't Do that. I can't do that math. I can't do that math. I Would tell you just know, like some se some seasons like you kind of start and it's, it's just like you get off to a hot start and you're kind of cruising the whole season. You are like, that's way better by the way. It's, I recommend that one. Other times you get off to like a really bad start and you're like, man, like here we go, dude. Shovel in a hard hat the rest of the season because you're digging yourself out of this, this hole for months.


But that's how it goes, you know? Yeah. Do you have a way to get yourself out of a slump? No. Eat ass. No, No, no. No. Full, full uni shower. Every now and then some guys are Full uni shower, Straight uniform, just right into the shower, cleats, everything. Just turn the, you know, really get it off you. Yeah. Does it work? No. Trying Try It. Yeah. Hey, so, so another dumb question. You obviously won the MVP in 2018. Do you ever, how often do you think like, well that's pretty cool that I always have the MVP because like once you do that, that means You were the, it never goes Away. Yeah. You were the best player in the National league for an entire year.


Yeah. I don't think about it that often. I remember thinking about it that year in, in like the middle of September where I was like, man, if I don't, if I don't mess up these next like couple weeks, like the rest of your life's pretty cool. Right. You know? But I remember thinking about it like, all right, I've got, we've got like two weeks of games left. Let's try not to mess this, try not to mess this up, you know, because you can go either way. You can get hot for two weeks and then that's what ended up happening and ended up winning. Or you can just, you know, kind of be feeling off up there and going a little bit of a slump and there goes that, you know? Yeah. So I was like, well, we'll see how our life is in two weeks and ended up kind of working out and being pretty cool. But I remember actually having that thought thought one day, like at the stadium, like, let's try not to mess this up.


Yeah. Because it is for the rest of your life. It's MVP, Christian Yh and it's never something that I thought I would do. You know, it was one of those things like I was, it's actually happening right now. Yeah. You don't ever like start playing baseball and be like, I'm gonna win the MVP one day. You just kind of find yourself in the middle of it. And it wasn't something that I ever expected, especially when I first started in the league, like winning an MVP was the farthest thing from my mind. So when it kind of shaped up and happened like that, I remember, you know, thinking that it was pretty cool and let's try not to mess this up. Yeah. You almost went back to back. Yeah. If I didn't blow my knee cap up, maybe I would add a chance. Yeah. Yeah. So how are you feeling now? Good. Good. Yeah. Much better than last year after surgery and all that stuff.


So we got a new back feeling pretty good. Swing feels good. A new back VP swing feels good. Tell me about new, what does that Mean? It's just cleaned up. It's just, there's, you know, I had to get some stuff taken care of back there and feels a lot better than it had like, the last few years. So That's exciting. You know, home run Derby ready if You'll, so yeah, you hit a grand slam the other day. We get tagged in every single one of your home yard. Every single one of your home runs as you should. It's just like hundreds of people tagging us. So home run derby, is that you? Do you wanna do that? Like, home run? Derby's not even cool anymore. I don't even You messed up the format. Yeah. I don't think it matters if I want to do it or not anymore. I feel like I have to do it. No, you don't have to. It's more of like a responsibility than anything.


Just to, you know, just to make sure you experience everything that Major League Baseball has to offer, you know, before you're done. You wouldn't want to like, not experience something That's as cool as That. Yeah. It's all Mickey Mouse though. You don't even get to see the balls hit the ground. They just, you know, one right after the other. The camera work's gone. I don't think Chris Berman's even doing it. It's lost a lot of its luster. I Think we can probably bring all of that back. No, I wouldn't even wanna see. I wouldn't even wanna win the home run Derby. Hold on. PFT. Before you say this though, what's, how is, how is Atlanta for Lefthanders? Because we should. It's a good place. It's a good place. It is. Shit. All right. So maybe not this year. We need to push him to do it a year where it's not isn't isn't The game here in a couple years too? I think so. Yeah. I think it's like two years. We need Like a wind blowing out at Rigging Bay.


Oh no. Gosh. Right. Center. No, we don't need that. So about that, like, there, there was the game a week and a half ago, the Cubs played the, the Diamondbacks and there was 21 runs scored in inning and a half. When you guys play at Wrigley and the wind's blowing out, are you just like this? Is it like pop flies are just The best? Yeah. Well it's, I mean, it's one of the, the elements have the most effect on the game at this field. Right. You know, we've played a lot of games here too. You know, if the wind's pin straight in and it's a cold day, like, you know that there's not gonna be a lot of scoring today before the game even starts. And then when you see the flags just pointing straight out with the wind, how, and you know that if you just hit anything in the air on the barrel, it's probably gonna be a Hummer.


That's be The best feeling. It's, it has to be Incredible. It's way better that way for a hitter. Yeah. Pitchers don't like it as much. Yeah. Yeah. What? Oh yeah. What about in the outfield? If the wind's blowing out Gods is, it's not a good feeling either. The, the outfield is not that fun of a time at Wrigley anyway because of like, the foul lines are right next to the stands. Like there's no foul territory plus the wind, plus the sun Ivy. The fall goes in on the Wind blowing in days. Usually a lot of those games are decided by who messes up in the field. Yeah. Yep. Whether it's you or them. Yep. Basically if it's sun ball happened, somebody drops one in the wind. You know, those are kind of how those, that that's how those games are decided. Kind of. Yeah. Yeah. So I've been playing a lot of right field in, in softball. How's That been going for you?


No errors. Okay. So far. You haven't missed any, I haven't missed any yet. Do you have any recommendation? How do you, how do you track a ball off the bat? What do you mean? Do you, do you have like, any, any pieces of advice? Like, I, I know that it's easier to go forward than it's to go backward. This is the guy, that's the guy guy that won a gold glove in the outfield last year. Me? You saw what I did out there the other day. Yeah. We got sot here. Yeah. I just need to know if there's, if you have any advice, any tips on how to track a ball, Catch it. Okay. Just make sure you catch it. Yeah. Close the glove. Close The glove. Catch it, catch it before you try to throw it Two hands. What about if you Try to throw it before you catch it doesn't end up very well. Do you try to position your body so that you catch it in a place where it's close for your hand to grab it and throw it in? Ideally.


Yeah. You wanna get me too right shoulder? Yeah, me too. I, I like to do that too. Yeah. I'm curious to know also, like baseball has gotten tobacco out of the, the dugouts because they don't want guys like on TV spitting all the time. What is the spread like now? Do you have sunflower seeds still everywhere? Do you have nicotine pouches? Just strictly sunflower seeds. Bubble Gum. That's a good answer. Just, Just, just sunflower seeds. That's it. I've noticed that none of the guys are using nicotine anymore. None of them. Which is pretty crazy of Yeah. 0%. Do you Do any All sunflower seeds? Do you do any of the, I I love whenever there's like a blood, the cups on the head or the hot foot. Have you ever done any of those? I don't think so. I, it might have happened to me before though.


When I was a rookie, I don't know if anybody ever lit my foot on fire. Hot foot is so funny. Every now and then it will happen. You're like, wait, so the prank is just lighting his foot on fire and then it is, That's Yeah, that's exactly, That's Which I think it's pretty frowned upon. I, I haven't seen that one in a while. I think I have seen that one. But yeah, we haven't had a good dugout fire in a while, so, yeah. You know. Yeah, no, when they stick to like, giant bubbles of gum on people's ass without them noticing, that's always fun too. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good one. I like that one. Are you, are you pro torpedo bats? Yeah, I'm fine with 'em. I think it was the most like overblown sports story in a, in a long time. I think we had a lot to do with that. Wait, we kind of contributed to that Because, because you guys got killed by the Yankees to start.


Yeah, We sure did. Yeah. And then the bats became a thing. It was just like perfect storm Yankees in New York. ESPN gave up a lot of runs, a lot of home runs. But judge hit a lot of those homers too, and he wasn't using one, so. Right. It's just another model bat. Like everybody, all of us used different models, you know, so it would just be like a different model that you could bring up there. So Right. You still have to hit the ball, you know? Yeah. Which is the hardest part. Yeah. And it's just a feel, feel and preference thing. So if some guys are gonna like 'em, some aren't, but it definitely didn't, it wasn't the reason why they scored. I think 40 something runs on us. Yeah. Three Days. How often do you mess with your bat? Do you like try out new bats? I never do. I've, I've used the same one since I was 18.


Oh wow. Oh, I grabbed, I grabbed one that I liked early and I've used the same model my entire career. Like never, never switched it up. Never changed it. So I, I kind of like it because I don't have to think about it ever. It's just one less decision you have to make every day. Yeah. But it takes a while to find, I, I kind of got lucky and just found one that I really liked and worked for me so I haven't changed. And then other guys kind of bounce around. Just the field thing. Yeah. Could you tell when the Yankees are up, you're like, oh fuck, this guy's got the torpedo bat. No. About this far? No. It's more so Aaron judges up with the basis loader right now. This is not good. Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was quite Good. Not good for the boys. I've kind of serious question 'cause I know that you knew Bob er, right? Yeah. So funniest guy. Yeah. I never got the chance to meet him.


We never had him on PMT, unfortunately. But he seems like an all time great dude. Yeah, very fun. Hang. Yeah. What was your experience like with Bob? He would've crushed PMT. He would've, he would've loved it. Yeah. This would've been right up his alley. Yeah. But he, I mean, he was awesome just because the stories that he could tell and like the life he lived was unlike anybody else, you know? And he's, he was around all like, some of the best players in the game. And he would just go out with these guys if they're all buddies, you know, Mickey Mayle, Hank Aaron, like all these guys just hitting the town, having a good time before any kind of social media, cameras, anything. So, you know, he had all those stories. There'd be astronauts FaceTiming him from the space station for his birthday. Like just all kinds of, just all kinds of wild stuff.


Yeah. And like a crazy life. And he knew everybody and had a story about everything. And anytime you that you gotta hang out with them was was cool. 'cause you just listen to him tell stories. He is a great storyteller and had an amazing, amazing life where he basically did it all, you know? Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's one of those ones like the, I think it's baseball too. Like whether it be Vin Scully or like some of these guys who just, it feels like they've seen so much baseball Talking about the Major League movie. Yeah. They were hanging out with Charlie Sheen. Right. There's like all kinds of crazy stuff that They're like a walking history book. Yeah. Yeah. Just new ev The Tonight Show, like everything. And you could also tell when he passed, like there the amount of people that loved him just because of all the outpouring.


Like Yeah. It was Very Cool. Yeah. I mean he was a huge part of the brewers too. Like, he'd been there forever and just really, he, he'd come and hang out in the clubhouse almost every day when we were at home on the home's. Awesome. Just like, hang out with guys, tell stories, hang out in the kitchen. Just everything. He knew everything about everyone too. Whether he'd been there for 10 years or had just been called up. Like he knew everything about you and where you were from what you're doing. So it was a, he had a unique way of connecting with people and making everybody feel like he, he'd known them their entire life. Yeah. Who's the best clubhouse guy you guys got right now? I don't know. These guys are all pretty cool. Sal, Sal, Bryce. Sal. Bryce. Yeah. Bowers hos Reese. Reese. A good, good clubhouse guy.


I'd imagine that's important. You need to have like one guy. Yeah, We got good club. We have a good clubhouse. So we've, we've had it for a few years, you know. Yeah. It's, it's a big reason why I think we've been pretty good. Like, we're pretty tight knit group and we're all pretty similar. All get along. Yeah. It's super important though to have a good clubhouse. Yeah. When does it become hard to, to like get yourself amped up for every single game? 'cause the season is so long. Like, do you have to remind yourself to stay focused? Just Caffeine. Yeah. Caffeine. Yeah. Firing them back coffees. Yeah. But no, I mean, I think we all kind of help each other out with that. Like, when the game starts, we're fine and, and you play a major league baseball game, like you're gonna have enough adrenaline and energy to, to make sure that you can post that night.


So there's, there's not really any problem with that. But you know, the season gets long sometimes and you just have to pick each other up and, you know, help each other through the year at different points. But we've done a great job of that. We have a young team, which helps too. All young guys have energy and play the game hard. So everybody else kind of falls in line after that Respect. 90. Yeah. Is there a pitcher that you, that you go up against that throws a pitch that gives you problems in particular? Like the hardest pitch to hit in baseball right now? I don't know. I mean, they're all, everybody's so good now. Like every pitcher I think is like the best version that they can be. Yeah.


You know, because of all the technology. So, you know, whether they're one of the best in the game or, or they're not, it's still the best version of themselves because of the technology that they have with pitching as far as like grips and kind of pitches and what kind of pitches you should throw. You know, as opposed to him. Like, you guys would have different pitches and how to do it and how to use 'em. And these ones are good to this guy and not to this guy. There's so much technology now where it never was, it wasn't like that 10 years ago. Guys would just throw shitty pitches and not know that they sucked. Yeah. Yeah. And they'd get turned around and be like, oh, well that's just my curve ball, you know? Yeah. I gotta throw, Throw a curve ball. And he, he, they wouldn't know if that was good or not. You know. From Your perspective, perspective as a batter, is there a pitch that's come along since you've been in the league where you're like, that's, that's a pitch that I didn't use to see?


I think guys like, they call it I think sweeper now. Yeah. That those have all gotten better just because they've taught them how to throw 'em and how to use 'em. Splits. Like, there's all that stuff, like they can just tell now. They don't even have to watch the pitch. They can just look at the data from the pitch and tell you if it's good or not and if it's gonna play what The spin rate is. Yeah. And so like, they'll either be like, no, that's not good. You're not allowed to throw that ever again. Or Yes, that is good. Use it with this pitch. Right. Yeah. These are the pitches you're gonna throw. Right. And this is how you're gonna throw 'em to each Hitter. Have you gotten a hit off Paul Skeen yet? I have not, no. I've only faced him two or two or three at bats. Is He, is he as nasty as he seems? Yeah, he Is. He's good just because he is got good stuff, but he also knows what he is doing.


Like he knows how to pitch. Right. So like that combo is pretty, pretty special. Yeah. You know, he's pretty advanced for how young in the game he is, but he, he's only pitched against us one time. Yeah. We only caught him last year at the end. And then we haven't played the Pirates yet this season. Do You, when you dh Yeah. Are, do you like that? Is that more fun? I'm learning. It's something they have to learn how to do because How so? It's just different. Well, it's just different because like you're not going into the field and you're kind of just hanging out, you know? Right. And then you go hit. So it kind of feels like pinch hitting a lot throughout the game. Early at bats feel normal and then the later at bats feel like you're kind of pinch hitting. So tried a bunch of different things. I've stayed in the dugout the whole time.


I've walked the, the halls of the clubhouses. I've gone in the cage a little bit. Go to the weight room. So you kind of just try to find a routine that you like and that you feel good with. Yeah. And for me it's, it's kind of different every day for me, honestly. But I don't mind it. I kind of like it. Yeah. I mean if you dh I feel like it would be fun just hanging out with the boys in the dugout and then you're like, all right, time to hit, time to go. Yeah. Four times, you know, maybe five. Yeah. Just hit, maybe hit. Get one hit. Yeah. All in a It's body. It's helped my body out a little bit, you know? How Wait, have you been ding more this year? Yeah, probably because of the error. Yeah. Yeah. That might be why they were, that's why I did that. So I could probably just, I was like, I could probably just leave my bluff in this locker right here.


Huh. I mean, mean listen, I didn't know I looked when I looked like, 'cause I was just looking for most recent news. That was a ghastly error. It was a bad one. Really bad. It'll be on highlight. It'll be on for sure. Like stadium bloopers and Stuff like that. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's a, oh yeah. It's potentially, that's An error that could keep you outta the Allstar game Potentially. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Which then would keep you out of the home run derby. Is that how it works? Well, no, he said that he doesn't want to go to the Allstar game just for the home run derby. So as long as we keep Christian out of the Allstar game, he won't be in the home run derby. Yeah. Surely this won't backfire on us. Yeah. Telling everybody not to vote for Christian Yelich. It'd be a shame if we just tweeted that error constantly. Preferably. But I think if it doesn't, I think before I'm done playing, I feel like I'm just gonna have to do it.


You're gonna have to do it, Find a close one and just go and then have the Allstar break. If you're not in the game. Do you have like a amount of years that you like ideally want to keep playing for? I think I have three more after this one for sure. And then we'll see after that. But maybe Wait, is that contract or? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. All And then one or two maybe after that one. If everything goes good or feels good, but we'll see. So we gotta get this thing, we gotta get this thing done soon, right? Yeah. Yeah. What's it like becoming a veteran, like a guy that, that 13 years, the young guys are like, Hey, 13 years, talk to Christian. He's been around for a while. He can tell you everything to do all the time. I mean, I try, you know, but I don't know.


I think it depends on the, the guys you have. But we've got really good young players, you know, two of them over here have been fun to watch them come in the league and like learn the league and watch 'em get better and become like full-time major leaguers. I think that's been cool being able to like help guys or, or talk to guys and see guys careers, progress. It, it feels weird though because I was always like the young guy when I was younger, like always was the youngest. And so now I'm pretty much the oldest, definitely the oldest position player on our team. So it's a weird feeling. And it feels like it flies by, it feels like it goes by fast, right? Like I'm sure. Yeah. It feels like that for you guys. Yeah. To like, man, oh yeah, we've been doing this for so long, but it doesn't feel like it, you know? So it's been cool.


It's something that I, I've really enjoyed, but it's also a weird feeling. Yeah. It's gonna feel great though when you retire and you get, you get a summer. Yeah. Like to do Whatever you want. That part is gonna be pretty cool. Yeah. That's pretty amazing that like, people don't talk about that with major league baseball Players. I haven't had one since I was 18. Yeah. We're not gonna like cry for MLB players. Good job on the contracts. Yeah. Guaranteed. You got a pretty sweet job. A lot of us when we're kids, we wanted to be ball players, but you guys don't get summers ever, ever. And that's tough. It's just, yeah, it's, it's kind of weird because we just haven't had one in 15 years. You're just doing baseball every day, which is fine. Like you said, it's good job. But yeah, you don't get to do all the summer things with everybody else. Like no 4th of July is no, you're not doing anything, you know? But could be worse.


Thank you for your service. Sacrificing your outta with that fourth of, 4th of July is, yeah. Get Outta here with that. Have you ever, have you ever pitched in a game? No. Are you I don't think I'm ever gonna do that. I don't really Wanna do That. Oh, you should. You're not, you're not on the list. No, not right now. I think maybe in like my last year they might let me do something like that. Like They did Rizzo did that. Yeah. Like his last year with the Cubs. But it's not something that like, I don't really wanna like lava ball at a guy and just stand there 60 feet away. Yeah. Like please Don't kill me. Wait, so who's on the list on your team right now? Like who's the, I think Bowers has done it for he, I mean he was leading the league in innings pitched at the beginning of the season. Yankee torpedo bats. He Had one of the most like appearances by relievers, Which CRA Zero.


He didn't go. Oh wow. That's huge. He was cutting everybody up. The, the game that judge hit three. Homers Bow Bowers got him out. He flew out to the track. Oh, that's awesome. Stat's pretty cool. That's huge. Oh yeah. Yeah. Your, your whip is really good. Let's see, four point. I can't read all these stats that are, theres too many Stats. Do you think there's too many stats in Baseball? Yeah. Because you're gonna be bad at something. You can't be good at all of 'em. You Know? Do you guys find the ones that you're good at and just being like, look at this. I don't even look at 'em. 'cause it's like they change every day and then half of, I don't even know what half of 'em mean to be honest with You. Yeah, yeah. I pretend that I tell, I know what they mean, but I don't, I don't know Anything. I just know the standard ones, you know, which rbis, homers, OPS, all That that stuff War.


But Yeah. But how do you get war? Like, I don't understand. No one knows. Yeah. I don't know how you get, Lemme see what you, I mean, fly balls in the outfield. I bet you that doesn't help your war, Your career war is 42.3. That's pretty damn good. That's pretty good, I think. So you're responsible For 42 wins. Yeah. That's huge. Above, above an average guy. Yeah. I think that's what it means, right? Yeah. Sure. Couldn't tell you. Hey, Do you, I know you watch some football, we had a debate on this show. Hank thinks that Travis Hunter is more impressive than Shhe. Tani? No. Okay. It's impressive, but It's not. But like put Shhe like it, it's just insane that he's able to do both, right? Yeah. Yeah. I think, I mean, what Travis Hunter does is pretty impressive too.


Like playing both sides in a football game. But show has maybe he's definitely one of the best pitchers in the game when he's pitching. And then he might be the best hitter when he is hitting, right? Yeah. You know, so that combo. And then he is one of the fastest players too, so he can really do everything the best. Yeah. Which is super rare. Not that Travis Hunter can't do either of those, but I don't, you don't know how it's gonna go in the NFLI guess. Yeah. Counterpoint though. Show Hay never won a Heisman. They didn't win the Heisman. Yeah. Probably could have Though. And he is never tackled anybody That we know of. Yeah, that's true. We don't know. Are you still, do you still feel good stealing bases? Yeah.


You hit 21 last year. Yeah. Before I blew out. Yeah. And you have six this year. Yeah. Do you, do you like when you, when you, what's the strategy when you're trying to steal a base? Like is it all jump or is it It's A field thing. Yeah. You kind of feel it. It's, it's a game really. Stealing bases is a, is a game. Like you gotta pick your spots. You're kind of pretending that you're not gonna, then you're gonna, some guys you can't, some guys you can't. It's, it's a little bit of an art, you know? And it's something that takes time to learn. Right. I learned a lot when I came to the Brewers as far as, you know, stolen bases. They're always pretty good at it and had had good people teaching it. And you know it actually with the Cubs now, Quentin, Barry q Oh.


So the third base coach for the Cubs. So what, do you have the green light to steal bases or is it, yeah, All of us do. That's kind of how it, our team's kind of, how our team plays like wild. We're just trying to cause chaos the whole game. Yeah. So it's kind of fun to watch. You don't really know what's gonna happen. 'cause we don't know what's gonna happen. That is fun. But It usually works out for us. Yeah. That also means though, if you get thrown out, that's on you. Yeah. Yeah. So you have to not, you have to go back to the dugout and be like, sorry guys. Is there a chance anyone could get it taken away from them? The green light? Oh yeah. Yeah. Will take it away from you. He will. If so, if you get caught, how many times do you get have to get caught for he taken away? He doesn't even have to get caught. You do enough stuff where he gets pissed. You have to talk to him. Yeah. Have you ever had the green light taken away from you?


No, I haven't. No. We've had it happen though before. Yeah. Just how hard do you have to work to get the green light back? Usually get it back. You just give it like they, they'll give you an explanation about like, all right. Can't be doing that. Yeah. It's back. Yeah. Don't do it again. Back. Do you have an art of how to get out of a rundown? There's really no getting out of a rundown in the big leagues anymore. Yeah. You get in a rundown, just like one throw and you're done. Yeah. Yeah. That was like a strategy in, in little league where it's like, just get into a rundown and they'll throw it Away. Your best, best to hope somebody gets like lazy on the throw and you can like bump into 'em. Get obstruction. Yeah. That's how You get outta Yeah. The old arod slapping the hand. Yeah. I mean, don't slap 'em. But yeah, if you just like, somehow maybe clip 'em a little bit on the High, what's your favorite unwritten rule?


There's no more un like there's no more unwritten rules in baseball. There used to be all the time, but I don't know. What's a good one? I Mean, bunting on a, on like a, We just got, we were just, that kind of happened. Yeah. And a no hitter. Yeah. Or perfect game. I mean that one's tough. That one you have to be careful of because Yeah. It's like, but then if it's one nothing or zero. Zero true. Right. You'd winning the game. You know, like I feel like you can still bunt then if it's zero zero or just because you haven't gotten a hit yet. You need to win. Yeah. Have you been Part of a no-hitter or a perfect Game? I've been a part of a bunch of no hitters. Good side and bad side. How So? Good side. I think like three or four. Does It get, at what point in the game are you like, alright, we gotta like, I gotta, after the seventh inning you're like, This, is this Happening after the seventh inning?


It starts to get pretty real. Yeah. On both sides. If you're getting no hit or you're, you have, you're the team with the no hitter. I think after the seventh Pretty real. Yeah. Are when you're getting no hit, how like, are guys in the dugout being like, yo, we cannot, yeah, Let's get a hit. We gotta get a hit. Somebody needs to get a hit. Oh man. Somebody lock it in. Somebody's gotta get a Hit. Yeah. Do do you change up anything about your approach? Just get a hit top of the, let's get a Hit. Anybody just get a fucking hit. Yeah. Top of the ninth, you're down six. Nothing. Yeah. You're getting no hit. Yeah. And, and you're, you're leading off. Are you just trying to just slap anything possible? Just get a hit any way Possible no matter what. You don't want be, you don't wanna go down in history? No. Yeah. I think I've been on the wrong side of two no hitters.


And then I think good side of like three or four. What about, okay, so you're positive unwritten rule, stealing a base. If you have the green light stealing a base when you're, you got a big lead late in the game. How late though? And how big is the lead? Okay. Eighth inning and you're up 10 to two. Yeah. You shouldn't, You shouldn't steal base. You Shouldn't steal base. You Shouldn't. But that's tricky too is 'cause like the other team's still trying, you know? Yeah. Yeah. So it's like you're not allowed to try to win the game anymore. But they, you can give 'em a chance to catch up. You know? What about Bat flips? I'm fine with those now. Everybody's, I think everyone's cool with bachelors. Everyone's right. You have to be, you know, now, like when I first came up, it was something that was like, they kind of, everybody looked at as like earned. Like you had to earn the right to do that.


Now you can hit your first homer and throw it 12 rows into the stands. That's true. Post How cool It is. What about why, why don't any teams do the hidden ball trick? This doesn't work. Why not? You don't know. Have you tried? Have you ever tried? Oh, I'm never on the infield. So like I can't. Okay, but has your team ever tried? No. That's the guy that talked. No. Why not? Why not? Bryce? Well, a lot. Hold on. On come, come here and talking to, talking to Christians. Mike, this is Bryce ring. Why don't you do the hidden ball trick? Well, a lot of the times the umpires call time right when the guy gets on the base. Right. So they're like, time get a new ball. You would have to do like a full A huddle. Yeah.


Something Like that. And then everyone Yeah, they put To put it in play. Like, hey, play on or whatever. Go And Can you just try once for me this year? Yeah, we can try that. Alright, there we go. All right. Dude, it would be electric. We, We might have just stumbled. Hope it worked. It would be so awesome if it worked. We double. It's like time. Yeah, he is right though. Give us one try. One try. Yeah, he, that's All I want. That is a good point. 'cause like now anytime like the ball hits the dirt or is put in play, like as soon as the play is kind of done. Yeah. Like the more running they do throw the ball out and Right. Put a new one. So it's, it's different. It is kind of hard to do it. You would have to have like mound visit in play. Yeah. Or maybe like if there's a guy on second line drive, you get it out.


Would they, would they, even if it didn't hit the dirt, would they make you change the ball? I mean, they're changing balls. Okay. Fuck yeah. That's, that's what, Try so hard about it. Just try. As long as you try I'll be happy. It can fail but I just, I would like to see it like middle of August Likely gonna fail, but, But that's fine. It's the effort that pass. But if it doesn't, but if it doesn't, I feel like the other team would be pretty pissed and that would be awesome. Pretty pissed. It's like the no punt punt. Yeah. A pick off and then a fake throwback. Throwback. Yeah. That's how you have to do it. Yeah. Yeah. That's happen. I've seen that happen before. Somebody's done that before for sure. Okay. What about, this might be the version of the fake punt punt that we can incorporate into baseball.


What about a hidden ball trick, but the outfielder has the ball and Just start sprinting in? Well he'd Have to catch it first. Well, yeah, you have to catch it first. So we'll take it one step at a time. Have to catch it first. But then everybody in the infield looks around, they're like, where's the ball? Where's the ball? And the guy takes off to run to second and then boom, you gun him from the outfield. 'cause you hadn't hidden ball in the outfield. It would really backfire if you didn't throw it in there. There's A lot of ways that that could backfire. But imagine how sick it, it'd be just Kind sprinting in. Have you ever thrown a guy out at first base? No. Like on a, on a hit. Uhuh. That's gotta be a cool feeling too. That used to happen a little bit when pitchers were still hitting. Yeah. Yeah. The right fielder was so close that they'd hit like a one half line drive and get gunned down. That's The worst.


Yeah. Yeah. Can't have that. So somebody got thrown out from left field last week. Really? Yeah. That's hard to do. Yeah. What happened though? That's hard to do. They thought it was like caught or something. Like Sean Casey? I think so. Yeah. Let's see. That's Bad. Yeah. Did you see the little league home run with the Giants Royals game was also tough. That was tough. Yeah. It's the, it's the field. It's, yeah, it's the field. Things just happen. That's Facts. Yeah. It wasn't my fault. It's not your fault. No. It's not your fault. Yeah. Get thrown out from left field. You should just quit baseball at that point. Yeah. You can't go back into the, you Can't possibly clubhouse slower. That's, that's so brutal. Yeah. Did you find it? It was against the nationals, but it was, you just rounded for the guy rounded first Base. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay.


Back picked Him.


I got one last question for you. Christian. Always great having you on Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take.


So let's just be honest here. Are you considering the home run derby this year? I don't know about this year. We'd have to think about it. Okay. To see how the rest of The year. So can we get comfortable? No, because we have to see how the rest of the year shapes up, you know? And also you told me PFT told me OO off air that after the Jeff Passin interview. Yeah. His teammates found out about it. So what was the reaction when they saw? I Don't think a lot of 'em knew about it. Yeah. Right. I don't really tell anybody. I don't tell you Don't Say that. It's like your ice Breaker broadcasting. Hey guys, guess what? Guy gets called up and you're like, Hey, I'm Christian and if I ever win the home run derby, these two podcasters have to eat each other's Ass, right? Yeah. Usually not the first con, not the first conversation.


Oh. But yeah, they all kind of found out about it. Everybody thought it was hilarious. I get yelled at to do the derby every night that we play, which is also pretty funny. And then every time I do hit a homer, I do know that you guys get tagged all the time as you should. It should happen all the time. Yes. So What about a magic number for it? How many home runs do you have this year? You have six Five. Five. Five. Yeah. Five home runs this year. What would be the number where you're like, okay, You can enter with any though, because you could technically have seven. Yeah. Be in the derby if they let you, But for you to feel good enough about participating this year? Oh I would, I would do it with whatever I'd do it with zero homers on the season. That would be, that would be mean bad if you did that. This Is bad. He's gonna do it. You're not gonna do This year, Next year because it's all your seeding and then you just go up against whoever had the most, you know?


Yeah. I, I actually think you're a sicko and I think that you like not doing it. It's gross. But teasing it just that we have to think about it all the time. I mean, fucking do it. You could do it like four times, you know? Yeah. It doesn't have to just, it's not a one and done thing. It's just everything. Know. No, no, no. It only counts for the first time you enter. No. Yeah. That wasn't what you said. You said if you ever win one, I mean, that could be in like 20 years. It could be like a, you know, an old timer's home run derby. Just holding Out. It will probably end the podcast. Know? So just so you know, the blood would be on your hands. No, it would be, it would be over. It would be pretty Funny. I mean we're gonna probably, it's e Each round that goes by would be more and more electric And, and we're like the, the options we've chosen are like either actually eating each other's asses or like cannibalism.


So it's ne neither's a good option. You're Taking a slice of his ass. I mean eating. I remember that. Like it's Simi. Yeah. Neither is Good. It's hard though. The derby is hard. Like it's exhausting. Yeah. It's Really hard. You don't want that. It's hard to do. If you'd be exhausted, you might run Your Swings ing man, you know? Yeah. You got a lot of extra energy now. And do you pay attention to your launch angle? No. Like how is your home, so you do you have a ho home run swing right now? BP in the game's different though. Like bp, you can get on a little bit of a run. Like there's some days like when you're taking BP that you get on a little bit of a run and it's just like, that day you're just hitting everything. Like that's the kind of day we would need. So you don't really know how it is until you get out there, you know? So if you got like locked in and got on a roll, then you're in trouble.


Would You be willing to have PFT and I be like your friends and family on the field with you? I feel Like you guys would have to go, I would have to. You guys would have to go or you'd have to watch it with everybody else. I think that's what you're gonna do last time, right? Yeah. We were gonna live stream it, but I, I, I feel like we'd have to be on the field And we'd have to be close for sure. It would be so funny if we just, You guys could like hold the trophy and stuff. We will hold hands the whole time. Be Down on the field holding up the, the portable camcorders like they used to be back in the day. Oh man. It Would be HI mean it would be hilarious. They got showers right back there. Yeah. Yeah. It would make it Happen. We have different definitions of hilarious. I think you entering and not winning would be Hilarious. I just don't even know if it would be allowed. Yeah.


Just Not allowed to do the, I just, I, which would be also hilarious if Rob Manford like had like, it like came across his desk and he was just, it Would be the, what is this? It would be the most viewed derby. It would have to be, there's no way It wouldn't Be Oh, Adam. So to watch. That'd be like, how can we steal this idea for the N nba? Yeah. You can't steal this idea. Yeah. You can't. The Only people one. That's the, that's the, the only People dumb enough to make this bet. Yeah, It mean it. Listen, it was a good bet because it's, it's given us what, like eight years? Yeah. It's so accidental too. It's so accidental. It's such an innocent, it was so innocent at the time. Yeah. When was the last time you watched the video that this was based off Of? He was watching it earlier today. But you guys showed me a screenshot, but I hadn't, I hadn't seen it since then. Like since it first started, which I don't even remember what year that was anymore.


Yes. Oh. So here we gotta introduce your teammates to that. Since they didn't know about the ass eating and the reason why. Yeah. Yeah. We go out there. Christian was in a, a film. Yeah. Allegedly. He tried to pretend it wasn't me, but it was my, Was my twin earlier. Twin was like, he was like, what year was that video? Anyway? And we're like, dude, why are you asking us? Yeah. You should know. Yeah. I wanna say it was like 2015. He wants to say he wants to say 15 ish. Yeah. Which Is like, we're going on a solid 10 years now, but we didn't know each other that good then now Yeah, now we know each other. I feel like I've gotta be like one of your guys' most frequent Guest. Yeah. Yeah. By far. Base number one, Dan Or something, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's Always a good time. But I feel like it has to happen because the best part about it would be like, I would for sure be thinking about this during Oh yeah, during The derby.


See that's why I don't think you could never win because if you're in the finals, in the derby, you ha you would not be able to lock in. I would be focused during it while I was hitting. But like in between, like if, if you were going into the finals, like you're waiting for the finals to start in the derby, like how could you not think about it? Like after every home run you would hit, you would just start laughing your ass off in the box. Like this is For sure. I would maybe like if you were the guy that went second in the finals and you were like a couple away from winning with like a minute and a half left, I would have to call time because I would be laughing so hard about, You should let one of us pitch. You could Just roll 'em all up there. But just that image of being able to call time with like a minute left us and just Looking over us.


You just Need like two more homers. Yeah. Watching you guys just be devastated over there on the floor. It would be with your camcorder of course I Might tackle you. I might run out there and take out your acl. Yeah, it'd Be, I might, I might like have like a, like you know like a wrestling entrance. Have all three of my kids just bring 'em out as human shield right before the end being like Christian, you sure? Potentially would be maybe like one of my favorite career moments. You want the Fvp? Not, yeah, I won an MVP but I think this, this would be pretty like even with that I think, Oh man, it'd be pretty Even with that. 'cause 2019 was about to be pretty, that was your best shot actually. 'cause I might've lost because Vladi hit like 30 that year. Yeah. And that's who I was supposed to go up against and he hit like 30 in the first round.


We were happy you didn't enter That year. But I might've lost I, I probably would've got bounced in the first round. 'cause 30 is a lot. But You hit 44 home runs that year. Yeah, but like Game Homers and like BP Homers, it's a totally different, totally different game. I still don't think you have a swing for it. I feel strong. Ask These guys. Nah, he doesn't have a swing for it. Does, does He have a swing for it? Yes or no? Home run derby. Oh shit. They're giving us a look. How good does it feel to hit home run dude? Is it that same feeling where you don't even feel the contact? Well some feel better than others but yeah. When you like really get one it still feels cool. Yeah because I mean, tell me if I'm way wrong, but like when you really barrel one up, it's almost like you don't even swing because it just like goes With it. Yeah. You don't feel anything. Right? Like you don't feel the ball off the bat.


That's gotta best. Yeah, that's a good feeling. Best. It's loud. Sounds loud and yeah. Yeah. It's pretty sweet. It never gets old. You Ever used a cork bat for batting practice? No. We should. And We for the Derby though, we should start that rumor so we get suspended. Well You did it in batting practice. Somebody accidentally put, maybe We use a torpedo bat in the derby. That's Fine. You think about that, you guys Don't do no, don't do anything. No, that's nothing involving the derby. Nothing involving the Toby don't do anything with the derby. Nothing Involving and the balls are like super juice. Watch it on tv. Like the rest of Us. Yeah. Jeff could put in a good word too with MB. You're just saying that you need, you know, it'd be nice to have a little summer you get a couple days off. I, for the Allstar Break, I haven't. That'd be a fun way to spend your couple days. Alright, well Christian, thanks so much man. We appreciate you stopping by and yeah, just listen.


You want MVP, let's just remember it. You're the MVP for life. You don't want it to be like Christian Yelich. He made two guys eat each other's ass. Let's just keep it Christian Yelich MVP But also won the home run Derby. Yeah, but also That's a sweet trophy too. Yeah, A sweet trophy. You could get a truck. Do you get a truck? You might get a truck. I Don't think so. I think if you, that's Allstar game. MVP. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. Did you get anything for being MVP? No. They give you like a plaque, like A no car. It's like a circle. No, it's like a circle with your name on it. Oh, it says MVP. Do you, did you get your gold card yet or no? Yeah. You do? Yeah. So you can go. That's the coolest thing ever. That's every, That's eight years. Eight years of service time. Yeah. If you play eight years in Major league baseball, you get a card that you can go into any game Ever.


I think they give you like the two best available tickets if you like walk up to the box office. That's So cool. So you can sit like pretty much anywhere you want. Yeah. And it's just regular season games though. So like no playoff games or anything like that. Or I don't even know if opening day or playoffs, but then the rest of the games. Yeah, apparently I've never obviously tried it yet. Well let me have it you. I'll try It. Is it a physical Card? Yeah, it's like a, it's just a gold card with your name. It says like MLB lifetime pass on it. Your name. That's pretty cool. That's awesome. That's a cool thing to have. Yeah, It's a gold. Yeah, basically like a gold credit card looking thing. That's pretty Sick. Alright Christian, thanks so much man. You got it guys.


Christian Yelich just brought to you by our great friends at Shady Rays. I'm wearing Shady Rays right now. Hank is dipping out. I'm here. Cool as a cucumber. Rocking the Shady Rays, the best sunglasses in the world. Get ready for your next adventure with shades that are built to last. Our friends at Shady Rays have you covered with premium polarized shades That won't break the bank now. Hank you can go. It's okay. What do you think about shady Rays? Hank, you wanna contribute to the ad? Yeah, they look great. Thank you. I appreciate that Hank. And you can get your very own pair of Shady Rays for a great deal right now. They also have the best, best guarantee in the entire business. If your shades go MIA or take a hit, don't sweat it. They've got lost and broken protections. So you're covered from day one. Not sure if Shady Rays is the right fit for you. No worries if you don't love them. You can exchange or return them for free within 30 days. Shopping with Shady Rays is truly risk free and their team always has your back with personal and fast support. They're proudly independent sunglasses company offering top tier quality that rivals even the most expensive brands. They got durable frames, crystal clear optics, and they're perfect for every outdoor moment. Upgrade your eyewear game today. See why Shady Rays is the go-to choice for every moment under the sun. And again, they've got the best guarantee in the business exchange. Or return 'em for free within 30 days. Shopping with Shady Rays is risk free exclusively. For our listeners, shady Rays is giving out their best deal of the season. Head to shady rays.com. Use code PMT, get 35% off polarized sunglasses. Try for yourself the shades. Rated five stars by over 300,000 people with shady rays.


Christian Yelich was also brought to you by Chevy. For over a century, Chevy's been building trucks that don't flinch. They never quit. Whether you're hauling lumber on the job or trying to get the smoker, the cooler, the cornhole boards and the whole crew to the tailgate on time. Chevy gets you there When Chevy says most dependable truck. They're not just speculating. Chevy trucks have earned more dependability awards for trucks than any other brand according to JD Power 2025. Sounds like they've got the stats to prove it, you can draft yours@chevy.com and every Chevy truck and every Chevy truck dependability comes standard. For more on Chevy trucks, visit chevy.com and visit jd power.com/awards For more award details.


And now here's John Summit. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. He is the hottest name in DJing right now. Hottest name in dance music. It is John Summit who I'll say right now I think the office is more a buzz for you to be here than like we've had, you know, NFL MVPs, we've had, you know, big time guests and everyone's like, when's John Summit coming in? So congrats to that. We're a little older, but everyone in this office is like, John Summit's coming. John Summit's coming. Oh Yeah, I love that. I mean, you guys still can come to the show. Yeah, No listen, I listen. Do You have like a matinee that you do?


Yeah, we can make that work. Get home by seven. Yeah. How How many, how So I wanna to get into your whole career 'cause it's very fascinating. But how long I, you do at least three hours every time that you do a set? Pretty Much two hours now, but it'll go from two to 12 hours. Depends how I'm feeling. And Can you sit while you're listening? No. Okay. All right. So I'm out. I'm Out. You can you guys chairs, you know. Yeah, yeah. You can sit in the V ip. Yeah. So, so you are like the hottest name right now in DJing for, for people who don't know he is had a crazy rise. So you, and and the craziest part is that you were an accountant before this, right? Yes. Yeah, I was working at Ernst and Young here in Chicago actually. So how long were you an accountant for? A year and a half until they, until we mutually parted ways.


So yeah, you got fired. So Does that mean like you were working on your side gig and they much like, Hey, we know that you don't care about actuarial tables. Yes. Yes. I mean, I'd show up late to work every single day with like bloodshot eyes. 'cause I'd be DJing at night and then, yeah, I was a terrible employee. So You were the coolest accountant ever? I think that's No, that's the Accountant. The accountant, yeah. Ben Ale. Wait, so you, so wait, so go back. So you, you University of Illinois. Yep. You, you started DJing there, you graduate, you're like, I'm gonna be an accountant even though I love DJing. Yeah. Because I wasn't making any money DJing. And so it was kind of just doing it as a hobby and a passion and so yeah, counting during the day, DJing at night and then I was always resing music on SoundCloud and everything like that too.


Then it started going more and more viral and then I started touring doing, I was only making like two, 300 bucks a night. And then it wasn't really until covid and like the whole world walked down in 2020 where like all the tiktoks and stuff started going like insanely viral. That's Crazy. So your music on TikTok? Yeah. Yeah. So as a DJ you actually got bigger during Covid? Oh yeah. Yeah. When everybody else was like, well I can't, I can't DJ because there's no crowds anywhere. Exactly. But I was like literally broke living at home. And then I think everyone else, especially like entertainers, like took it easy and like rested with their family and friends and stuff where I was like putting out new songs every single day. Yeah. And just like going a hundred percent. Were You working in accounting still then? No, I got fired the Year before, so. Okay. The year before. All right. So, so that, that's fascinating. So do you remember the TikTok that you were like the first one where it was like, oh shit, people are using this and it's getting a lot of views?


The song was called Deep End, if you've ever heard that one. And that was like, the sound went viral, but it was more so like just gaining the fans and community and like growing from like 1000 followers to 10,000 to a hundred thousand. So it wasn't like one specific song. Right. So if you're producing songs for TikTok, are you like, are you micromanaging your songs knowing that like, hey, this seven second clip right here. Well, so I, awesome. I wasn't producing for TikTok so I'd like actually release on Spotify and all of that stuff too. But I would like heavily market it on there and then do funny shit. And like, I would like go on Instagram live every day chugging white claws to my music. And people thought that was funny for some reason. Yeah. It Was like back when like, like I, I was DJing on Twitch every single day, you know, like when everyone was just sitting at home getting fucked up.


Yeah. So as an accountant, were you, were you hiding your, your hobby from the people at work? Or did you tell 'em like everybody there knew that you were DJ at night? I definitely hid the hobby. There's only like a couple people that knew, but then once eventually, like I played Coachella in 2022 and like my senior manager came to the show and stuff. No shit. Yeah. That's, that's Pretty cool. Yeah. Like some of your coworkers, like they text you being like, you, I hate you now because Pretty much Yeah. Like watching your vlogs, your jet setting around the world and like, well, Well they, they try to convince me like, like, like, you know, to stick with the accounting and stuff. 'cause they try, they don't like just fire you right away. Especially in like big four accounting. They try to coach you through it, but I was just like genuinely terrible.


Yeah. Wait, so you, that means, I mean the, you pass your CPA, right? Yeah. That, that's a hard test. Yeah. It wasn't fun. Yeah. So did you pass it your first time? Pretty much all on my first time. I had to do like the text one like three times. Okay. It's A little rough. Now. Were were you hiding your accounting life from the people that you were hanging out with that chose? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. No way I talked about that. I don't think so. You were just, You were two different people Mar Superman. It was like a full like Batman like lifestyle for me. Do you, do you ever miss anything about being an accountant? Like anything at all The stability I guess. I mean, come on dude. I, I like, oh no, I had To think of something that Sure. Oh, the, the comradery, the locker room with the boys lunch breaks the, the 20 minute lunch breaks you get.


Yeah, No, no. I really don't miss anything from that. Yeah, I would imagine not. So what was the like, so, so the or Covid happens, the TikTok start blowing up. Was there another moment where it was like it went from oh shit, this is a fun little gig side project. Something that I'm very passionate about to, oh my God, this is now gonna change my life and I'm gonna do this and be really good at it for a long time, I dunno, I was pretty delusional and I like convinced myself I was always gonna make it. Especially when I left the accounting world in 2019. And like to me when I was like DJing like 200 person clubs, I was like, oh my God I'm huge, I'm a big famous dj, blah blah blah. And like, but then it just kept getting bigger and bigger and bigger.


And then, yeah, it wasn't until like after Covid when all the festivals opened up and I did like La Pza for the first time in 2022 and I did the Perry stage there and that was like actually insane And I was like, oh shit, I think I can really make it with this. Yeah. Then that's cool. So what is your songwriting process like? So I usually like for, I just did an album last, it came out last July and then I write that in London. So I usually go there, write out like the chords and stuff with vocalists and kind of just work from there. And then I do all my production in Miami right now. But I literally, I was just telling you before this, I produced in Chicago just like a couple boxes away from here for like eight, 10 years. That's awesome. So you would like sit down with piano or a guitar and a vocalist.


Yep. And you just like write the song that way. Strip Down. Yeah. It's just like super basic chords though. 'cause then you can just write lyrics and like melodies off that And then you just get in the lab and start adding textures to it. All that stuff. Exactly. How do you know when to stop adding stuff to the songs? That's A very good question. And that's what most struggle with. And, and I'm very good at finishing tracks. Like in 2020 I literally did like a hundred tracks that year. And then it just, you kind of just have to hit a certain point when you know it's good and you send it. I have a good like group of people that I send out to and they tell me that it's good and you just kind of move on because If you're listening to something that you're writing you, you probably keep hearing things that you could add a thousand percent and you keep getting different ideas. Like what if I put this high saw over top of it and then you have to have somebody that tells you, Hey man, it's good as it is.


No, literally. I mean when I did like shiver I got to like version, which is like one of my big records. I got to version 27 and I kept sending it to people and they're like, dude, we literally can't tell the difference. Like, what are you doing right? And I'm just like, you know, running in circles, basically ship it. And whenever you put together a song, have you ever accidentally dropped the beat at the wrong point? You had to like move it be like shit. Well of, I mean I fuck up all the time. Yeah. But I'm good at covering my fuck. Were you talking about when I'm DJing or? No, no, when you're actually writing a song, do you, have you ever moved where you put, where you drop the beat? Of course that didn't work. No, Of course. And then you're like, you just try different things and that's like how you stay interesting in dance music is when you bring in the drops and stuff when people don't expect it. So we call that have people little accidents. Oh, when you like deal a little fuck up and you're like, wait, this actually kind of works. Yeah.


Wait, alright. So when you're actually DJing, this is gonna sound really dumb. Yeah. I apologize. But are you doing anything when you're at a show or you just pressing the button? Yes, I'm doing things. How much stuff are you doing? Well it depends, right? So it's like you can be doing three to four tracks at once. Okay. And then you have extra layering and stuff like that too. But it depends like what kind of set I'm doing. If I'm doing a, like a club set, I don't come in there with any single game plan whatsoever. Okay. So I guess it would be kind of, I'm trying to dumb it down as much as possible right now. Yeah. Like if I was just, if you were to show up to a, like a Vegas nightclub and I hand you the oxone and be like, yo play for the next three hours. Right. But then you have to actually smoothly blend everything together, make sure it's all in key.


Make sure the phrasing everything's right. Right. And you can get creative with it. 'cause I had extra acapellas on top. I cut out, you know, the base and stuff when Right. You know, So that, so in that, and then what about if you have like a, like festival set? Is that more set up? Depends. Yeah. 'cause I'm very involved with the lighting and visuals and all of that. So it's like a whole production process. So a lot of the work is done beforehand. And I, 'cause I don't know if you've seen like any of these Yeah. Shows at all. But everything's like time coded and synced and then that's what we plan with the team and doing rehearsals and all That. So festival you're able to have a little more fun where you're just pressing a button More or less. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I don't mean that bad way Buttons Us. I mean you created the music, so like Yes, of course. Of course. If I created the music, I would be like, yeah, watch me press the button.


I fucking made this. No, yeahs good. I got the best button in the world. You don't have a button like Mine. But it's good to clear it up because obviously I'm so stupid. Like, I think the, the, but I watched some of your sets and you're obviously dancing, getting in the crowd and that, that clearly is like part of what you have to do as a dj Of course. 'cause you have to have like some of the performer aspect to it. Right. And that's why now I'm bringing in like when I just did Kia four in LA I did three nights there. I brought like a whole orchestra. I saw that or, So that was cool. And then you now like that visuals are such a big deal. 'cause I just played the sphere last month. Oh nice. Have you guys been there yet? I have. I haven't Been there yet. I've been there. I'm actually going back for the dead. For the dead. Yeah. It's fucking nuts. Yeah. I'm so excited To go back. And so, and so that obviously a lot of the work is spent making visuals for that.


Wait, did you do the sphere just yourself? I played before Anima. Okay. So he has that show. It's, it's insane. It's the biggest, it's the most expensive show you can possibly do. So I do plan on doing it in the future, but it's a big investment. Yeah. As a performer at the sphere, do you ever get lost in the sphere With the visual? Well, I was just like staring at the wall the whole time. Yeah. I would get lost. I was tripping out a little bit. Yeah, It's pretty intense. What about, so Big Cat was saying like, you put the beat drop in the wrong place. Yeah. What about when you take the beat away and you let the Oh, you edge 'em. Yeah. You edge 'em, you let the Anticipate, oh no, that's It. Of course. What's the longest use you've ever edged an audience? Well, that's probably cooked while DJing. This is when I played in Miami. And I do like the very long sets and I, I'll, I'll edge 'em for a good five to seven minutes. Oh, that's awesome.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Especially, I mean, if it's like a, if I gotta go to the bathroom too, I'll put on a loop and then go and run Four minutes And they, they have no idea what's going on. Yeah. Yeah. What about, are, are you, are you partying when you're DJing? Or are you, I saw that you did the, the Colorado or the Veil shows sober? Or are you Normally No, not the veil shows sober. The shows after that. I was very much not sober there. It depends. Please strike that from the record. He was fucked Up for the bail shows. I mean, there is like a stretch of years where I was like drinking party like five nights a week and it was just getting like too much and I was getting too wrapped up in it. And then that obviously affected my performance a little bit. So now it's like a pick and choose my battles.


Yeah. Like Vegas, I do 20 times a year. That's so easy to me. So now I'm taking shots during that. It's fun. But these big shows, especially when you do things like Coachella, pus and stuff. Yeah. You have to be, yeah. Pretty. Yeah. How, how, when you're, when you're DJing like a club, how hot of a girl does the girl have to be for you to put on her song song? Are we talking her song? Nine and a half out of 10? Yeah. Wait, Wait. So when they have like a song request or Something? No. Yeah. They're just like, Hey John, I want you to play this song and you like, they're gonna be really hot. They have to have great vibes and great energy, great Vibes, great mind, great vibes. Your vibes are a little bit off. Maybe hit the, your Vibes we'll get better. What if, what if a guy like me came up to you and I got like $20 in my hand folded up.


I'm like, can you play Freebird? I'm gonna have to say no to that. I'm gonna say No to Freebird. My vibe are great. The vibes are great. I I might be able to mix it in somehow. Okay. Yeah. What if I had a hundred K cash? I was like, Hey dude, I need free bird right Now. Oh, free bird's coming in. Okay. Can you, can you talk to us again? Like, we're six years old? Yeah. And explain to us what is the difference between EDM House? Yes. Techno. So EDM is kind of an all encompassing term that was like, created by Americans. So like Europeans and the rest of the world hate it. So it's like, and I was like a snob, like, 'cause I did, oh, I started making underground music in Tech house and like stuff you hear like the warehouse parties and stuff here. And so I kind of avoid that term for the longest time.


But it basically means all dance music. Okay. But it means electronic Music, electronic dance, music. Yeah. Yeah. And then house is just four on the four, you know, kick clap hat and then techno. It's like just a kick. I mean, you probably know techno when you hear it. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Got it. And then, you know, disco and then, yeah. But now all these genres are all mashed. And during my sets I play everything. I play like dubstep to house, to toto, Everything. And and how much, like, are you allowed to just sample off other people? I, I never understood that. Like, dj, Oh, you can do whatever you want. Really. Yeah. So I sample everything and anything. Yeah. And and do they ever come after you or say like, Hey, what are you doing? Like the actual they No, because I think people like their songs getting spread.


Like when I go to like EDC for example, I hear my song everywhere but in a different flip in a different style. Yeah. And then like, I just like did like a Britney Spears remix, like made it in my hotel room two hours before my set last week in Sydney. And now we're already figuring out how to get that officially cleared. I love that. That's awesome. Do you ever Simple podcasts? Oh, you could it In if you guys have a good old tagline or something, you know. Yeah. Just Big Cat saying The Bear's back. Yeah. And PFD saying, shut the fuck up. Hank shut the fuck up. Hank would go. That would go dummy. Go hard. Maybe just Hank's yawn would be good too. That's, that's a good way to ruin a, a concert to have our podcast. I think that would work when I play in Chicago or Yeah. Yeah. Wouldn't this party be better if it was a podcast? No. Yeah. No, it would never Be better. So we have, so Max, our normal producer is a huge fan of yours.


He's sick, he has diarrhea into that. He's, he's got Diarrhea is puking. But his best friend Jackie tables, he, he is a huge John Summit fan. So he's, I think he saw you all three nights in Chicago. Then he went on vacation to see you. No way. In Vail. In Vail. You went Tahoe. Tahoe. Fuck. Yeah. So he just, he goes everywhere that you go. Jack, do you have some questions for, for John? Yeah, Sure. I, they told me about 10 minutes before I was doing this, so I apologize if these suck. All good one. Do you mis performing at Spy Bar? And if you do perform there again can meet Big Cat and PFT come, I do kind of mis perform there. Have you guys ever been there before? Yeah, of course. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I not, it's a six spot and then that's where I played a lot in like 2017 basically to CVI.


But yeah, if I did there, it'd have to be a little popup set. 'cause last time I was here in Chicago, I did a popup at Portillo's. I saw, yeah, Jack was there. Oh, I Was that, that one too. That, that was fucking lit. But yeah, I think Spy R has to, it would have to be so low key on Know, like lowkey low key. Yeah. Yeah. Well I kind of just show up. I, I kind of like just showing up and starting play places and then people being, oh fuck. I think that's kind of high-key. Lowkey. Yeah. Yeah, That's true. Might Wait you, But I wanna announce the date or anything and I'll start doing it. 'cause otherwise you have like a line on the block. That whole fucking, We we didn't get the invite. No. Yes. You got No, that was, that was definitely not part, that Invite from Jack was just like, can I come to the show? Yeah. He's using us. I'll make Big Cat and pf Feel.


I have three kids. I'm not gonna to the show, but, but Jack is gonna go to the show. If I was to, where would you wanna see me play if I was to play in Chicago? A a father of three. My backyard just for me and my kids. Could you do like a kids bop set? Yeah, I can Figure that out. That would rock my, my kids will have their birthdays coming up. That would be, might have to, might have to get John's summit for my kids' birthday. I'm down. I'm no, I would like to see you live. It's just, he, you know, I can't go to Tahoe to see you. Which looks insane. No. Looked bicycle insane. Of course. No, that was awesome. The Ski resorts. All right. Jack, what's your other question? What's the worst thing someone has done behind the DJ booth? Oh, I mean you have all like the usual things like Played levels.


Yeah, Like, like, like drugs, like puking. I saw piss the girl in the booth steal the, steal the tequila. Oh yeah. But that's also the worst thing you can do is steal my tequila bottle. Oh no. Have you seen this video? No. Yeah. Like three people said like, oh, John Hopkins, you gotta ask him about the time the girl stole the I'm Up Right now. Yeah, please, please. She Just jacked your Quila ball. No, no. IIII shoot her off. But she got pretty killed by the internet after that. Yeah. I mean, Can't a big No-no, you can't reach On stage while I'm DJing. That's ridiculous. Right? Yeah. Yeah. That's Crazy. When you were, when you, when you Oh, here it is. Oh, here it is. Oh, oh, outta your hand. Yeah. I was like, no, I get the fuck outta here. Oh, that's Insane.


Was Like going straight for the pool. That's a good bottle too. Yeah. That's an insane move to try to grab it out of your Hand. It was in Tampa though. So that kind of behaviors kind expected there. Yeah. Yeah. True. Yeah. That's fair. So when you're, when you're up on stage and you're DJing and you're sober Yeah. If you're taking a night off, are you like, holy shit, everyone's really bad at dancing. Well, I'm just like, holy shit, everyone looks crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, especially like in our scene where, you know, people would just take everything in anything, you know, and I'm like, oh shit. Is this what I normally look like? Yeah. Yeah. I try not to think about it too much. What, what, what are your like, like friends, you know, from Illinois or Yeah. Childhood friends think like, do they go to your shows stuff? Yeah. No, They go all to those shows. It's awesome. Like, I'm meeting up with them after this.


Love It. And what about your parents? Were they, I'm sure they were super supportive of you living, leaving a big four Yeah. For a DJ job. Yeah. And then when I left the accounting world, my mom was like crying her eyes out. Yeah. And Dad's like, what the fuck are you doing with your life? So I kind of had to figure it out for myself for like a year. But that's like motivation, right? Yeah. And also you could flip it on 'em now. Yeah. Yeah. You should be like, look at me Now. Yeah, no, now they go every, now they have too much fun. Right. And you know, like, send them home Sometimes. Yeah. No, my, my mom did not want me to like, she's like, you can't be a blogger, blogger. There's no, there's no future in that. And I remind her every day. I'm like, you're getting like a three star, you know, you know, old folks home. Yeah. Yeah. Like at, at max, How many years did it take for her to realize like, oh, She still probably wishes I was like a lawyer or something, which I would've never been able to pull off.


But yeah, there's just, I mean, it's a unorthodox Yeah. Job. So Does she, what kind of benefits does she get? Do you ever get her like free tickets to a sports game? Yeah. I mean, pay for all our vacations now, so. Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty nice. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, there, there are perks, but also if you're talking to older people and you're trying to explain what you do for a living, I'm sure that can like that's, that's a long conversation to have. They're like, what do you do? Yeah, I'm a dj. Oh, what, like on the radio? Do you do? Yeah. Well I just say like, entertainer and then, 'cause I have like a Vegas residency and they're like, oh, so you're like Elvis. I'm like, sure. Yeah. Have you, have you noticed though that your name now, like when you say it like DJ and then you say John Summit, people are starting to recognize it more. Maybe the older people as well? Like my own name?


Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. That's gotta make it easier. Oh yeah. Because makes like saying like, I'm a blogger and then you have to be like partial sports and then you have to like, But it's kind of, it's kind of a good thing though 'cause you don't want to be like a full on household name. Like, it's kind of scary. If I got to like the Justin Bieber, Taylor Swift level know. Right. You can't like leave your house or anything. Do You get, like, do you get stopped if you walk down the street today? Would you have a bunch of people Noticing you? Yeah, decent amount. But it's normally just like John Summit. What's up? Oh, that's good. Hey. But not like really kind of like interrupting my day or anything. That's a good spot. I mean, you guys get stopped for selfies all the time here. I'm sure. Yeah. I mean it's, it's fun because It's a good problem to have. Yeah. It's like, people are very nice in Your life, but I'm sure it's even worse in your own domain. 'cause like if I'm in like a festival or a club Oh yeah.


It's really bad. So for you guys at a sporting events, probably Bad, right? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I Don't, I don't wanna say bad, but you know. No, no, No. It's all, it's all good. Like it, I would much rather that be the problem than having nobody ask me for a pictures. And people Are so much nicer in real life than they are online. Oh my God. Yeah. That's not even, I've had some trouble just like with Twitter and stuff recently. 'cause people are fucking relentless there, man. Oh, tell us. We, we could help you out. You want us to, we'll, we'll be an army for you. What, what's the, what's The problem? Well, it's, it's just all bullshit and it's just mostly because I think like, I've gotten really big and you know, like when it just, the easy target kind of thing. Yeah. We, it, it's weird seeing like internet turn on you sometimes out of nowhere and you're like, what the fuck is this all about? Online culture is basically built on building people up and the minute they get to the top you'd be like, fuck that guy.


We hate him. But I always wonder, I'm like, should I take like the, 'cause like Port Knight for example, he just fights right back. Yeah. And always has. And I think I always will. Yeah. And I'm always like, should I take that stance? But then when I do it, it ruins my whole day. 'cause then I'm on my phone eight hours and I'm reading it all and I'm like, fuck, I gotta actually make music. Not just you on the internet. Time Suck. It's Dave's, Dave's job is kind of to do that. He, to go back. He's really good at it. He's really good at you have a different job that's kind of unrelated from clapping back at people online. Yeah, That's true. And, and hi, his provides legitimate entertainment. Correct? Correct. Just get a burner. Yeah. Get A burn. I should at this point. So what's, what's like next for you? Are you, you working on a new album? Like is there a festival you wanna play? Is there, what's, what are like, or, or have you kind of reached the level, the high level highest summit level of the summit?


Yeah, the summit of Dj. No, I, I don't think I've reached the summit yet. I mean, I always, there's more music. I've only done one album so far and all my favorite artists have done, you know, multiple. And then I still gotta do some big things like in Chicago, like, can't announce anything yet. But the next shows would be very big here. Oh. But then I'm, I'm starting to do, the goal is to do festivals with the only brand and the label I have too. And signing a bunch of new artists and kind of just growing the whole scene in general. Oh, that's Very cool. What would you, what would you say is the best electronic song of all time? And why is it Sandstorm Sandstorms up there? Man, best electronic song of all time though. I mean, I'm just a huge dead mouse fan at heart, so I love strobe.


Okay. That was the first time I ever saw electronic music was like here at Loo though, when I was in high schooling Dead Mouse. And that blew my mind. You were Instantly like, yes, this is, this is my life now. Yep. 'cause I, I liked bands and stuff, especially throughout high school, but it wasn't until I saw that show, I was like, holy shit, this is what I can do. And then I didn't, then you can just go home. Just download the program on your computer. I don't, I don't use anything but my laptop to make music. Wait. Yeah. So you were fully self-taught, right? Yep. Yep. So how did, did you play any instruments growing up? Yeah, like elementary piano. Okay. You can just learn it all and do it all on your laptop. Nowadays. It's Not. And so you just, you taught yourself what with like YouTube videos and stuff? Yep. That's Crazy. Yeah. Yeah. And all the programs so awesome. Are awesome nowadays. Awesome. And you can just, you can just draw in all the notes and everything. Yeah. But then I work with, now I work with like actual vocalists and stuff like that too.


So it's kind of like working with a band now when I make music. Yeah. Yeah. Have you thought about doing, I, you, you might do this already. Yeah. But in electronic music as at large, has there been a lot of crossover between live bands, like rock bands? Yeah. And then adding in the electronic, Well, so z at Coachella this past weekend just had John Mayer come out during his set. That's cool. And then he did like a live version of clarity and stuff, and I thought that was really sick. So. Oh. And that was kind of like the shit that we were listening to in college, if you remember the Z era and clarity and all that. Yeah. So yeah, I think just evolving the music and kind of turning it into a full live experience, especially with AI and stuff. Nowadays I think people crave like seeing live music, right? So we, how does AI incorporate into this?


Because I feel like that's, that I, I can tell AI still when I hear it. Yes. But I think five, 10 years from now, I, I don't know if anybody's gonna be able to tell the difference, but, Well, but it could never replicate the live experience though. So maybe AI can make a Spotify song and maybe like all of that's gonna be like, you know, robot generated. Like who fucking knows? It's kind of creepy that you can like type in like house song. Oh, just make a house song outta nowhere. But you can't, you can't beat a live show. And that's the one thing I think some DJs lack is that they just, you know, I think adding in all these extra elements will make it dope. No vibes from ai? No Negative, no. Or, yeah. Are you gonna have John Mayer do a, a show with you? No. I'm trying to think of someone else. I gotta be creative and unique. Who, like, who's the younger John?


I, Who here plays guitars? I don't know. I'm, I'm kind of like a younger John Mayer. Yeah. PFT plays guitar. How old is John Mayer? I think we're older than him. Are we older than John Mayer? No. Maybe not. I think I am a younger John Mayer. Yeah, John Mayer might be, You know, you could be a newer John Mayer though though. He's 47. He's been around forever. He's dude, he's the oldest. Shit. He's washed. Yeah. If You wanna meet John Mayer, I know him. I met him once. That's Pretty much it. Okay. So you guys are best friends? Yeah, pretty much best friends. I met him once for 15 Days. Was was he playing with the dead when you went there? Yeah. Yeah. At the sphere. Yeah. That's sick. Yeah, he's, he's the best. So this is another dumb question. I feel like this, I just build this up in my head, but having a residency at Vegas has to be like the coolest thing ever. Do you have like a penthouse at the place you're doing it and You get to just, it's kind of like a main suite.


Yeah. And it has like a pool of tail. It's big. It has my own separate room and everything. So you just get to party all weekend when you're doing it? Pretty Much. Yeah. That's, it's in the same building as the club. So then when I'm done with the set, you know, you just Take the party upstairs pretty much. Yeah. That's Fucking awesome. So it's exactly what I Thought it would be. Yeah. That's a pretty good life. Yeah. So now that like you're, you're massive, you're big, you've got the, the residency going on. Do you have to force yourself to adhere to that same schedule that got you to that that place where you're like, I have to, I have to put in work, I gotta write songs. Like how do you manage having the best time ever? Yeah. With also being dedicated to making, Well I'm als I'm also like extreme workaholic and I do credit the accounting and the CPA and all of that for instilling discipline. And I think most artists don't have any discipline at all.


And even with working out and stuff too, I have a pretty good schedule like Monday through Friday. But I mean, you guys know how it is that if you like work your ass off during the week, then the weekend's so much more fun. Yeah. But if the party never ends, then it's like, I used, I used to get Swep swept up the mass like that. I imagine. Yeah. But I got Vegas this weekend, so I'm just like, You know, so we ask, we've had, you know, people on for mall walks of life. We, you know, dungeon and Dragons. We've had professional bowlers. I, And we had a Rubik's Cube master. Yeah. The best in the world. Yeah. So, And we asked all of them this question, like, how are the chicks pretty good? The chicks like, so are They as good as the Dungeon and Dragon Chicks? No, They can't be. There's no Way.


They Might be, they're probably less freaky. No. Yeah. No one's getting dressed Up as a loser. A a lot less roleplay. That's For sure. It was sexy Goblins at your show. I'm, I'm curious, what was their answer for that? I'm so curious. The Rubik's Cube guy Is swimming in it. Oh yeah. Pete Weber, he's the ladies man. I, I Ran into the Rubik's Cube guy down at the Jersey Shore one time. He was at a bar that I was at. I was like, Hey man, good to see you again. What brings down here? He is like, I mean, look around the room, man. Yeah. God damn, I gotta pick up the room. Excuse. He's good with His Hands. Also, I know that like DJ's like, they kind of 'cause the old Diplo tweet, the doing Girls is cool, but doing work lasts longer and more fulfilling. That is true. That's pretty cool. Diplo said That. Yeah. He said, yeah, doing girls is cool.


Yeah. Fact confirmed. Yeah. But doing work last longer and more fulfilling took me 35 years to figure it out. Oh. So I don't know if you figured it out yet, but I Figured that out. Like Doing girl Girls. Very cool. It's still cool. We're not saying doing work, It's not cool. Exactly. Exactly. Because We're not trying to say that doing girls isn't cool. It's the work hard play hard mentality. Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Is Pete Weber, is that the bowler? That's like whoever you think you Yes. Oh, what? Yeah, actually today's the anniversary of that. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. And he's swimming in It. He is? Oh yeah. Oh man. Well I think he might be married. He Might be married, but he was, He was at one Point, if he wasn't married dog You would Be a dog. Dog. Yeah. Jackie, you got any more questions? Yeah, you do. You got another question? Come on. You want is Jackie's John, you wanna be my best friend? I Did. Well, yeah, I do.


But I heard a rumor you worked at McDonald's in college, is that True? No, I didn't work at McDonald's. Okay. No, I just worked at the bar and then I got fired from the bar and then I still wanted to work at the bar I was at, it's called Red Wine and Univers. Yeah, I've been there. Yeah. And they're like, well we need a dj. So that was like the start of my DJ career. How much did they pay you? I got like a hundred bucks a night. That's not bad. Not bad at all. Yeah. For college. That's like a hundred drinks. It's all Right. You gotta fix the McDonald's thing. I also saw like online said you were five six. Yeah. What The Fuck is up with crazy with that? That's what I'm saying is these Twitter haters are tall. Are you every way? I'm I'm, I'm six one. Okay. Six 60 in a good day. Okay. All right. So confirmed because I saw that and I was like, oh shit, John sums you Thought I was gonna come in here back. I Thought you were gonna come in here and put you in my back pocket and be like, Hey kids.


I brought this DJ home. It doesn't rock though that every time you get fired from a job, you get better at DJing. Yes. Yeah. Do you do your own taxes? Not anymore. No. Okay. So you weren't, you did at one point. Isn't There like a Jay-Z line that took my accountant's, got an accountant. That's, that's the goal now. Yeah. But That, I feel like you might at some point just want to crack your knuckles and be like, I'm going back to the old me. Yeah. Well I gotta do that for like, my business and stuff too. And I do like, you know. Yeah. I, to audit my business. You should go back to your old office. Yeah. Should I? Yeah. That would be a very funny video. Vlog just showing up. I kind of suppressed that from my memory. How long Were you, how actually, how long were you actually an accountant? Like a year and a half. Okay. Yeah. So not all right. Yeah. That's good enough to be able to suppress it. Yes.


If it was like five years, it'd be tough. Yeah. I feel like at those companies, they go through so much turnover too. It wouldn't even be any of the same people. Yeah. I love the idea of you coming in like in in fight club like Edward Norton, he comes in, he's got like a banged up face every day. 'cause he is getting beat up at night. You come in, you just got red eyes 'cause you've been aj That's Literally what it was though. Djj. Yeah, because I would, I would do full on Benders though to like, 'cause my set times would be like four to 7:00 AM at these warehouses. That's crazy. Yeah. So I, I imagine that being a dj, the your, your sleep schedule is all off. Oh, it's completely fucked. Do You ever go to bed before 11? Shit, I did last night. Oh, there You go. I had a nice wholesome night. I went to Duck Duck Goat here in Whistle Loop. Great. Awesome restaurant. Yeah. Yeah. Very cool. So wait, so when you go to sleep that early, is it, is your body like, what the hell's going on?


Dude, Pretty much. 'cause then I woke up at three, like completely disoriented. Like what the fuck is going on? And I just got back from Australia too, so I'm all fucked up. Yeah. Like somebody out there is partying. It's not me. Wait, So when do you sleep? Like if you do, like, do you sleep just during the day Sometimes. Yeah, but then I wait to the flights like Australia. That was like a 22 hour flight. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. So that was, that was nice. Yeah. Are there any, any other DJs that you like really respect what they're doing right now? Up and coming guys we should be aware of Up and coming guys. Dante, the John, The guys that I work with on, on the label right now, max Styler and, and Jared are absolutely fucking smashing it. And then I'm, I'm trying to think of guys you would know it all.


I mean, if you just found out who I am, you probably don't know too much of the song. Yeah. I, I wouldn't, I wouldn't, you know what it is though? I, I, so when they, this was probably six months ago where it was like John Summit. John Summit. John Summit. And I listened to one of your songs. Like I know this song. So it's like one of those things. You, you hear the song before you put it Together. It's tough too. 'cause it's like, 'cause I'm like the producer on the records. I'm not the one singing. Right. So it's not like super obvious, you know? Right. It's not like Bieber or whatever the fuck Billy Eish. Yeah. I mean who were the DJs when you were back in college days? Jassy, Jeff. Okay. Vichi Years before. Yeah. Vichi. Yeah. Okay. Calvin Harris. Yep. Yep. I, I Like Calvin Harris. I'm really dating myself. Yeah. That era was nuts though. 'cause they were like full on pop stars I feel like two years ago.


Yeah. But just the world has a little changed a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. It does. It is weird that, that that changed Because Calvin, Calvin was collabing with like Rihanna and all of that. Right. I haven't done any like big pop star collabs. Yeah. Who'd you wanna work with? I Can give Rihanna a shout out right now. Take care. Retirement. Yeah. I don't know who I don't wanna work with. I dunno. I I, I really like what Charlie XCX is doing right now. I think that's fucking dope. Yeah. I Have you seen any of the clips from her shows at all? Yeah. Also White Panda. I should have said them. I wish they would keep Oh yeah, they making It. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if they keep doing it. Girl Talk. You remember them? Yeah. Yep. They were great. White Panda. The, the yearly like end of the year mashup was so awesome. It'd be like an Hour long. We put in my basement with all my friends drinking like water bottle vodka.


Yeah. Put That shit on. Just put it on for an hour drive. Yeah. Get you there fast.


Alright, I got one last question. Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts. Rollback dot com promo code take.


Alright, so I asked you, this has been so much fun, John. We appreciate you coming by and I do want to go to a show. We gotta figure that out. Jack. Jack will probably be, how many times have you actually seen John? Probably like seven or eight. Okay. Nice. Jack's on guest list though. Yeah. Yo, that's dangerous. Love that. I'll tell you off camera what, where it's at. Okay. Extra security for Jack. Love that. Love that Full cavity search when Jack Comes in. What's the longest set you've ever done? That's been 12 hours of Shit. And you were standing up the whole Time. The entire time. Yeah. How did You do have take fucked shit during it? Fucked. I can't go 12 hours on tv. Shit. No, I mean a decent amount of Adderall, you know, that keeps you going. Yeah. That's crazy.


Yeah. That was awful. How tired were you after? Oh, I was so fucking spent. You had to have been, you gotta be carried home after that. Yeah. Yeah. That's brutal. But then like the whole crowd was still there the whole time. And then when I get off there, you like start booing. They're like, no, stay on. Like, you guys are fucking crock guys. Yeah. 12, 12 hours and it's like, then it's like 2:00 PM on a Tuesday too. What about the most surreal place that you've ever DJ'ed? Surreal. Hmm. I think Bali. I did this one set. Oh, it's on YouTube that it's just, it is fucking epic. Have you ever been out there before? No. No. But I To your list? I've seen it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Have you done Ibiza? Obviously A bunch. I'm doing like four headline dates there, so I'm starting like a residency thing. Yeah. You basically just get full-time jobs in the best cities in the world.


Literally. Yeah. That's Pretty cool. Ibiza's kind of like the European Vegas in a sense, except with the gambling. I dunno if you guys have been gamble, but in the party sense. No, Not really, but gambler. Yeah. Just Has all the Yeah, you just travel to the coolest place. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty damn sad. That's not the worst job. I think about it. Have you Thought about just like going to a, going to a random brunch place and showing up to setting up a table? Just up? Yeah. Just give, giving like a bachelorette party the time of their lives. Maybe I should. Yeah, that Would be fun. What was it? They had this one brunch spot when I was in Chicago that like, I don't know if it's still a thing. I think that the whole scene's different before Covid and after Covid. Yeah. But it really is, it's, I mean, congrats on all the success. I really don't think there's ever a bigger gap between accountant and like world famous Dj.


Yeah. It's an awesome story. I feel like I'm living in a simulation right now. Yeah. I pinch myself every now and then. It's A really cool story. So congrats for everything and yeah, I, I would love to come out to a, to a set. And we appreciate you stopping by, man. Thank you. Thank you for having me.


John Summit was brought to you by part of my cheese steak. We're in for a great sports week. We got the NHL Playoffs, NBA Playoffs, baseball and Derby Day on Saturday. Ordering part of my cheese steak for your game day meal or late night Eats is the best play call that you can make. Part of my cheese steak offers a wide variety of cheese, steaks, loaded fries, and popular desserts all delivered right to your door so you don't have to miss any of the action on your couch. Pick your favorite cheese steak made with thinly sliced steak, melted provolone, mouthwatering cheese sauce, caramelized onions. On a toasted hogie roll, you can get the popular Big Cat combo and get your choice of cheese steak, fries, and a drink. Maybe get some poutine going. That part of my cheese steak. You can make your own poutine using all the ingredients from part of my cheese steak. Go to part of my cheese steak.com order with code PMC 20, get 20% off your order. That's part of my cheese steak.com order. With code PMC 20, get 20% off your order.


John Summit was also brought to you by No Bull. If you're gonna work out, you've got to try out No Bull Footwear. I'm rocking my No Bulls right now. I actually just worked out and this morning I'm wearing the all day knit shoes. They're on my feet right now. Was running this morning, went for a jog, did some weights too. They're super comfortable, very light, the most comfortable for both in the gym and on the go. They look great too. With options across training and lifestyle, no bull has options for everyone. The all day Rip Stop is great. The all day knit is fantastic. Also, the drive knit and the journey are fantastic models for the no bull shoes. Check 'em out right now. Great for working out, but also they look awesome. You can wear 'em anywhere exclusive for part of my take. Listeners Noble is offering 30% off your order. Visit noble project.com/pmt, get 30% off your entire order. That's N-O-B-U-L-L-P-R-O-J-E-C t.com/pmt. Get 30% off your entire order.


Okay, let's wrap up the show. We got roast, are we roasting? We're getting roasted today. Roasting five star roast. Please. Please, everyone. If you listen and love this show, we appreciate if you could subscribe everywhere. YouTube, apple Podcast, Spotify, OnlyFans. We Got Google Play. If people saw the PMT V last week, we got our plaque for 250 million downloads on Spotify, which we're hungry For more. I think there. I think we were the, I think Joe Rogan was the only one who had 500 million. Yep. And then it was us in like some true crime at two 50. Yep. So, so we would love to get up there. Yeah. So we're that, that was PFD and I both said the same thing.


We're like, when when's our 500 coming? I think we gotta get bigger in China And we gotta get bigger in India. China, India, Sachin, Tindel car, greatest cricket player of all time We're huge cricket Cards. That was speaking cricket. Yeah. Okay. Hank Rose In a sick parody of Willy Wonka in the chocolate factory donut. Dan, who sucks down coffee and crawlers like crack cocaine and his uniquely closed musical midget friend. Oompa Lumpa What? Oompa. That's a hard m. Yeah. Oompa Lu. PFT Hard m Damn Entertain a gaggle of man children in their grownup playground.


Fun factory featuring a big, burly, beefy boy who recently made his own chocolate river. Hopefully no diarrhea on Pennsylvania Ave with Sal Powell. Maxi Bing bong. A sports spoiled air to the Taco Bell throne who can't eject himself from the factory quite high enough to dunk, but always enough to get in a quick nine. And a man, boy is so focused on drowning his jets fandom with screen time that it's literally his name. But no amount of memes can get you that lottery ball. Oh, Hank, what? How are you Golfing? Golfing. Well, turning upward. Yeah. What, what, What are we shooting these days? How many, how many holes do you play this weekend?


36. 54. 54. Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Friday was tough conditions. It was raining for the first, like five holes. Windy shot a 97, which I was happy with. It was probably a good 97. 89 Saturday, which ties my best PR at the Bev. And then Sunday was good conditions. I birdied one and in typical fashion it all kind of fell apart. I played well, five par threes, 10 over. I had four sixes on, on out of five par threes. So what'd you shoot? 96. Oh, Real quick though, Hank, when you, you had to do math real quick to figure out how many holes you played. You know, that's how many holes Liv plays every weekend. Your favorite league. Yeah. That you watch religiously. I watched Liv this weekend and Liv was the the So how did you not No, 54.


Yeah. I played three rounds of golf. Oh yeah. That's just like the pros. Yeah. It was a great, Great Liv leaderboard this week. But yeah, game games trending upward. I just love golf. It's, You just love it. It is, what are you gonna do? You love it. Yeah. It loves you back. You love your kids, right? Yeah. I listen, you gotta have luck. Feel like I have point. I feel like I have 18 kids and I wanna see them as much as possible. Put Perfectly Welcome to part of my take the show where the intelligent host makes himself sound dumber to be funny. While the Dumber host uses words like quintessential all the time to make himself sound more intelligent. Produced by two guys who look like they would work in a food truck if they didn't land this job.


You can always expect they get the pod out on time. One barely ever speaks so you don't have to worry about 'em so much. The fat one speaks enough for both of them. Five star show. Which One of us uses quintessential? I do. I guess. I think that would be me. Max is a food truck guy though. That is spot on. I would love, I would love to own a Food truck. You should. Yeah. If you like put on some pajama bottoms like maybe Simpsons or South Park, you would be a perfect line cook. Yeah, That's fine. Yeah. Yeah. It's not a diss. I could see you. Yeah, like pulling your hair back real tight. Wearing the flowy pants. Maybe some sort of giant head wrap that you have on, I'm actually just describing the Taliban right now.


You look good in the Taliban. No. Should We show the, should we, can we show the videos On YouTube? Think. Yeah. I don't know if we can. Why not? It's just a Photoshop or was it real? There's a video. Max had a bomb strapp to his chest at The way. Wait, can I see the video? It's very Funny. I mean we're not, we're Can you play the video? Just blur it out, but let us react to it. They're all my, they're like all my text messages. All right. So send to you just Yeah, so you don't even, you don't have them. Okay. Oh wait. Oh, he does have Em. Max. When did you get those in your text messages? Because Quis is, Quis is a terrorist. Like did he send that? That's the problem. Did he send that to you while You, we have a terrorist that works. I'll text them To you.


In this company, Did he send those to you while you were at the White House? Yes. They probably saw that the, the people that monitor your phones. Okay. I guess. I don't know. I don't, I didn't open it. Oh my god, max. This is a huge gun that you have. Quis is on the front lawn. What the hell Max? Oh no, he's got a, he's got a bomb. That's, are those real? I think we can show those on YouTube. Say that follow image is not real. Yeah. The follow can't show those doctor. We Can't show. Well at least on social. Yeah, We could tweet about Yeah, you could you can tweet it out.


I call the bomb. Okay. Bomb's very funny. Okay. Yeah. Sorry. I'm just going back to my spot. Oh, You Got lost. Lemme know when you're back at your spot. Yeah. Tell us, tell us, give us the sign when you're back at your spot. Alright, I'm back. Okay. An insecure Woolworths on Ozempic and his Pokemon card dealer wife hosts a podcast with a spoiled brat son in the overweight family bulldog where they attempt occasionally coherent, yet entertaining discourse regarding almost sports. A nervous group of juveniles whom I can't help but imagine with Underbites. Chime in from their holding pen. Oh, every now and then would recommend. I like that.


That was very nice. I Do like the name holding pen. Yeah, We should maybe put a big holding pen. The pug pen. The pug Pen. That's good. The holding pen. You guys look good in there. We saw some lot. It's So funny. I was trying to figure out if I had an underbite And this is also so funny that you guys, we were like, Hey, decorate the holding pen. And you guys literally just made a eight year old's bedroom. Did it. It is nice. Yeah. What, What else do you want? What else do you want For us? Nothing. I like I'm saying I like it. It's very funny. I think me And Big Cat should lock you in there during the shows though, Dude, I went in there the other day and it smelled so Bad. You already said this on the last show. I don't, but I gotta say it again. 'cause it was so bad. What are you doing in there?


It Is so fucking hot in here and there is zero ventilation. That's At all. That's a, that's a fact. It was nice out in Chicago. It is hot. The air is not on hot. There's there is no vents in here. There are no Vents. The the funniest thing with our, 'cause we've been in this studio for a year and a half now. The funniest thing is we just still have the r Kelly TV that we've never turned on. That is one of the dumbest things that has ever been put in a studio. There's a, for people who don't know what I'm talking about behind the cameras, put in a picture. Yeah. There's a small TV right above the glass that is, it's blinking right now. What? What is it? Does it go on? Have we ever turned it on? I think it was meant for you guys to watch Tv. It was No, it meant for How do you watch tv?


Tv? It was Meant for, meant for the interviews. But how would you, how would we ever think the interviews would go? Oh, it does turn on. That's it. We got It's The Michael Scott tv. The thing is it hooked The Michael Scott tv. I know it's hooked up to power, but does it have like a, an input? No, I don't think so. Good job Pete. Fucking idiot. Come drinker. It is the size of a large iPad and it's about 15 to 25 feet away from the nv So far away from us. All right, last one. Yeah. I can't roast you guys because I just love this cast so much. I always, I enjoy like when people call us, oh, They just turn on cast Or like, someone came up to me in person and it's like kind of, kind of mean to you guys too.


But when they're like, you're my favorite character on the show, it just makes me feel like not a real person. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, oh, What up dude? That's way my Favorite character. Like you're an actor. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And our sitcom. But I just wanted to say thank you so much for all the podcasts. I'll hopefully make you feel old though. I graduated high school about the same time the show came out 2016. I now have dropped out of college. Have a career housewife and kid. I like that you put dropped outta college like instead of graduating from college. Yeah. I dropped out. Respect. I feel As, as if I have grown up with you guys as I have become a real adult. Listening to you guys enjoying all the football talk. You are my ESPN Go Pats. Please run back the yellow things for first Mount Rushmore.


Mm Ooh. The Mount Rushmore yellow things. I'm getting ready for Mount Rushmore Season. I'm excited. Me too. Excited. I Got some good ones. I'm pumped. Excited. What do you mean? You've got some good ones. I got Some Good. I have a notes app of of Mount Rushmore we Can do Oh. Of topics. Do you guys wanna do the Mount Rushmore yellow things? Run it back. I don't even remember doing that the first time. You don't remember? No. On The bus Shut Up. Oh, that one. Geez. I thought he was talking about way back. No, no, no beer. Yeah, cheese. We, that was a very contention and that was, I think when Peter Reger walked on the bus. He was like, what are you guys yelling? We're mad. We're mad. Mad. What? Look At Max Jackson text. I almost poop my pants. It Was a Full sprint out of The booth. I was wondering where he went.


Oh no, that's tough when like the roast are basically calling that out and then he almost did. Yeah. Oh man. Alright. End of show. We got, oh Shane has presents for us by the way. I yellow cold ply too. Yellow cold play. Yeah. Code answer. Quick rest in peace to Nick Soars cinema Lord. So Kirk Han show. Kirk texted me, I guess he was a huge a WL so as well. So really sad. 32 years old. Yeah, just one of those things, you know, just take every moment and, and don't take any moment for granted is what I'm trying to say. So as rest in peace, cinnamon lores As Warren Zevon would say, enjoy every sandwich.


Yeah, I think about that when I'm eating sandwiches. Yeah. Every minute. So life is short. And he was a very entertaining guy. So RIP, cinnamon Lords. Alright, Shane? Yes sir. Shane, you went to Italy? Yep. You, your mic's not on at all. Talk. Hello? You went to Italy? I did. Killed The pope. Killed The Pope. Did not do that. Fuck some Italian broads. Oh. Sounds like he sounds like he didn't kill the Pope. Leave Any gifts behind. Will you have any Italian children? I mean, I'm Italian so probably. Yeah, true. Good point. You got me outta technicality. How was it though?


It was cool. Yeah. I always wanted to go to Italy so it was like a, a nice check off the bucket list. I, I wouldn't say it was necessarily like fun, but it was like cool. Why? It was a solo trip to Italy. Like I wasn't, That should be fun. You Didn't have any fun. I Mean it was, it was like something I always wanted to do, but it wasn't like, oh this is like I'm having the time of my life here. You know? You Never thought about staying? No. I was like, by the last day, the, the night before I left, I got McDonald's. 'cause I just needed Did they have the same stuff on the menu? They Did, but their proportions are terrible. Oh no. Small. I got like a, I usually get like a, a large meal. So I got a large drink and it was like the size of a small here. Well the drinks. Yeah. It's Probably a good thing. I would. And the fries are, it's like a small fry.


I, I was at the movie theater last weekend. I got a small drink. The small drink was probably 54 ounces. Yeah. It was insane. Yeah. So good trip though. Yeah, it was a good trip. It was really cool to You missed us. I did. Yeah. Okay. Did you miss sports? Actually, yeah, because I actually watched the NFL draft, which in Italy was at 3:00 AM Oh. So I was up for like, from 3:00 AM to like 6:00 AM and then it like wiped out my whole day. God, When do you grade the Chargers? Wait, hold on. So you went to Italy and you watched the NFL draft and then the days after the NFL draft you just didn't do anything? Well No, the day, so I left Saturday, the draft was Thursday night. Right. So I, that day I just slept until like one or two and then I just hit restaurants for the rest of the day.


Such fun. What a great, I mean yeah, it's a great trip. Vacation. I did not watch the draft. Yeah. No, you have to watch the draft. Yeah. How the chargers do. I'm, I'm pretty happy with everyone hates on like the am Omarion Hampton pick, but I Bet him 16 to one win offensive Rookie of year. That's fantastic bet. Yeah. Everyone's like Najee Harris, but like Najee iss like a one year deal. Yeah. Yeah. He's gonna be Gone. That picture they showed of Amari and Hampton. He looks Jacked shaking Harbaugh's hands. Yeah. He's Huge, Huge beast. What Hank what, what, what do you wanna say? The draft is the stupidest fucking event in the world. If there's one Event you could not watch, it's the draft. The people that Go to the draft Are insane to me.


Like weirdest sports fans of all times. And like watching the draft for an extended period of time doesn't make a lot of sense to me. It never has. Never will. Yeah. Well you thought the draft was pretty fun last year. The 10 minutes, the patriot selected. Yeah. And then I stopped watching. I do agree that like if you, if you go to the draft in person Yeah. That's kind of weird move. 'cause the draft from even like a media standpoint, you just stand there Right. And just look at a stage. Yeah. Alright, so for, for 30 teams that aren't yours. Yeah. 31. 31 and yeah, I mean the draft is weird to go to in person. I, I went to it once in Chicago and I was just like, this is boring.


But I also went to like the second day. It is fun to boo goodell though. Yeah. Actually thank you to the people that I try to do that after you win win the Super Bowl and, and he's coming out to bring the Lombardi, but you know, to, to each their own. Everyone has a different time. Shut the fuck up Hank. I do wanna say though, because I was kind of mean to people that choose to go to the draft. They do fulfill a very important Dude. Oh, I love Them. Which, which is to boo Roger de and number two because I I love watching you with your weird hats. Yeah. And the outfits that you put on, like, thank you for that. No, those, the people who go to the draft are the foundation, the bedrock of the NFL. They go to the draft so we don't have to go to the draft. Yep. Like those are the, the salt of the earth, you know, wearing and I, 'cause when the draft was here at Chicago, I went and interviewed a bunch of 'em.


They all know each other. There's like a network of super fans. Super fans. Yeah. I love Them. They're the best. They make the world go round. They they deserve all the credit. Yep. They are the shield. Alright, so you got us skiffs. I did. And well, he is not here. I should probably preface I got everyone but, but Max presents Oh's, pooping. All right. Do you wanna open yours first? Take, yeah. Or memes. You get one? I got one. All right. Memes got one. Let us know what you got. Are these joke gifts or real gifts? I mean, Oh, Let's go. What'd you get? It's a coffee Mug with a pair of titties. Oh hell yeah. That's awesome. So the joke gifts, did we all get that? That would've rocked. Yeah. We all just opened up a coffee mug with a pair of titties.


What'd you get? A hank? I think this's like a mini ashtray with the Roma coliseum or what is this? It's an ashray Ashtray. Yeah. Yeah. Anything in There thing is on there. Yeah. Why are there, why are there tissues? They've got all the, There's no tissue paper. So I put napkin. Who's lupa? Who's this Lupa cow Tissue? That's like the, I don't know, it's like a, a like a wolf breastfeeding. Oh shit. I, The, I got a, a Pope Bobblehead four The rocks. Look at that. I Looked the dead pope. Yeah, the dead pope. That's a collector's item Now. Yep. That's, I looked everywhere for pizza ball memorabilia. Oh, there's none anywhere. It's soon. We're gonna get V that soon. Vatican was pretty pro Francis when I was there. Yeah.


Pizza ball is gonna get his shit. I got a, I got a Rome ashtray. Oh yeah. You think I smoke. So Which one? Yeah. Who got the double gift? You guys, you guys? I, I wanted to get something unique for everyone or try to, and I couldn't like think of a personalized Yeah. Other than you, you two tend to burn. Oh Yeah. Burn. You can say That. What, what did you get? Punked? I just stopped But I got, Got A little key chain. It says bologna on you. Is this It's Pini. Oh, Tor? Yeah. Oh nice. A tortellini key chain. Yeah. And you didn't get max anything? I did not. I was, I Love that. But It was for, I was looking everywhere. So They don't let you carry meatballs across the board.


I was looking everywhere for like meatball related things and I, that's just like an American stereotype by fear. Max, did you poop yourself? He asked if you shit yourself. I like memes being like, max is like, max is an old man and memes is, is caretaker. What happened? Your Lee Corso shit. Yourself and memes is Kirk Herb Street? Yeah. He asked you a question. Who? I did not shit myself. Oh, okay. I almost did. I don't know where they, it came outta nowhere. Okay. By the rules of Yankee Swap it came outta your butt. Yankee swap. I'm going to, I'm gonna trade my Pope Bobblehead for the coffee mug with titties. Ah, Boobs Can't do that. Why? It's Yankee swap.


You wanna trade for my nothing? I mean I got, I got a poke bobblehead. I'm, I'm a, I'm a fucking pizza ball guy and I got a fucking dead Pope Bobblehead mean Specifically ask for the mug. I I collect Mugs. Alright, Just so we're clear. For any future trips you take Shane there. Outside of sports, I would say my two favorite things in the world are coffee and tits. Okay. The only other, the only other mug like that was one with the statue of David's penis on it. That would've been funny. That Would've been a funny mug. Yeah. Would've been funny. But I would've like I if you, if you see any breast stuff or coffee stuff Me, Would you get yourself Shane?


More importantly, wait, I got a, like I didn't want want to get something from like a souvenir shop so I got like a real Italian leather, like engraved. Oh, that's nice. I like it. Very classy. Yeah. Yeah. Do you want to trade it for the Pope Bobblehead? That's, yeah. No. Should I come back with some Hawaiian, some Hawaiian gifts? Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. I like That. Also, just a point of clarification. How did that work that did memes say before you left? He's like, Hey, if you see any coffee mugs with tits, I want it. I asked everybody if there's like a type of souvenir they Want and he said coffee and He said coffee mug with tits. I saw the one with tits And I Was like, I Have to get this one. I just like the idea of memes just being like, Hey, I know you're going halfway around the world, but if you got any of those titty coffee mugs, get me one man.


It's good. How do you, you like yours? Yeah, It's good. I don't really smoke but I Like it. What do you, what do you think about my dead pope? You're well, he's dead. Yeah. You got a statue of a dead guy up there, so that's cool. Yeah, That's One of the good popes, right? Yeah, I think so. I don't know. Beat the Accusations. No accusations. I think the part I like about it is that it's so small. You can't even tell it's a bobblehead. It's also a throwback pope because that's, that's the pope from like 40 years ago. Yeah. That's the young pope. Francesco. I had Luggage. I couldn't get like the biggest bobblehead there was. Yeah, no, no. You clearly didn't get the biggest bobblehead that you actually got. The smallest bobblehead there ever was. Can you zoom it? Do you even, are you able zoom to get it? I'm zooming.


Can you even see it? You know, I like it. Shane. Shane. You know what it is though. Honestly. Anyone who brings back any gift, it is the thought that counts. It is. And you know what I, And you say that when you get a shitty gift. So it is the thought to count. I think I might, I might start smoking Just because of that. Yeah, Because of this. You're Welcome. Thank you. I might start collecting Pope Bob back on the wagon. Thank you Shane. Glad to have you back. Of course. Appreciate you Shane. Appreciate You a lot. Alright, look at him. He's so fucking ready. Numbers three, three. I think Big Cat got that one. Oh But did Hank say that?


Nah, I got, I did say it. Numbers three. Oh fuck. Hank got it. Hank got it. 77 90. Actually no I'm not gonna go 77. What are you gonna do? Memes? I don't Know. I think it's gonna be three. It's Not gonna be three. Why would you think it's gonna be three? 'cause Ain't got it. I'll do eight, I'll do 56. I'll do 59. I like that. 99 pug. 33. I'll do number eight. Meme. Got meme Scott. 8 21. What? What was your number? 93. 93.


63. You were right on it Max. So close Memes, you're never gonna get it. Love. You guys got tits though. Thank you Shane.