
Hey. Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. It is time for divisional round of the NFL playoffs. We have our good friend Chris Long on the show. Been too long. Too long. Live of the year. Three times, I think first two years he might've had it. Yeah. But right now Jerry looks to be at the start of a Dynasty. Yeah, he's, he's on fire. We have Chris Long, then we have our good friend Adam Shefter. We're gonna break down some of this coaching stuff. Is Dion gonna go to Dallas? I, it seems like that that's a possibility now. God, I hope so.


It would be incredible. We're gonna break down every game for Saturday and Sunday. We're gonna give you our picks. We're gonna finish with Fyre Fest and


it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings NFL Playoffs. Playoffs. We're talking Playoffs. You bet We are. Get on the actually DraftKings Sports Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning in NFL Playoffs. And the key to you scoring big is betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to the Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to watch your favorite players crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs. The Draftking Sportsbook Download the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction Boy in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio. Okay, let's go Football To part of my take. Presented by DraftKings Sportsbook. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. Sportsbook The crown is yours.


Today is Friday, January 17th. And Hank, you know what I'm about to say. One of my favorite weekends of the year. Yep. Divisional round and my sister's birthday. Oh no, I was not gonna say that. That Okay. Happy Birthday to Hank's sister. Happy birthday. What's up? Happy birthday. I was thinking about it. I might, Wild Card Weekend is great 'cause it's six games. More football. More better. But divisional round. This is, this is it. This is the Final eight teams. These teams all have won a, you know, won a playoff game or how to buy, this is the cream of the crop. This Is, this is my favorite. I've been pretty consistent about this one. Yeah. This is my favorite sports weekend of the year. Yeah. Because in Wild Card weekend, sometimes you have, you get some lopsided matchups.


Yep. Which we saw last week. Divisional round. You get the, the prestigious teams, you get the elite teams. Correct. Playing against teams where they win their wild card matchup. And even if they weren't favorite to go far in the playoffs, they're like, well, maybe the Texans can do some damage this year. That type of thing. So this, this is my favorite Sports weekend of the year. And Also next weekend, one of my favorite Sports Weekends of the year Too. Oh, the championship? Yeah. Yeah, Because you get a ticket. I mean that like, the championship round is always, you remember who played in championship games? That's, you don't always remember who played in divisional rounds. Next week is my favorite Sunday of the year. Yeah. Yeah. This is my favorite sports weekend of the year. But I'm pumped. And I've thought about all four of these games back and forth. I, I From ways, some people were angry at me because I was like, the Commanders are Final Four this weekend.


This is the final four. And they're like, there's not four teams left. I was like, there's four games. Yeah, there's four games. And you also are in the final four of the NFC Final Four. Yeah. Have some have some conference Pride people. Yeah. Come on, get with the program. Alright, we're, we're gonna do our Picks And Preview. Do we have anything else going on? I know we're gonna talk to sheer about coaching. It does. I did see Edward's report that essentially said Dion Sanders, if he gets offered, the Cowboys job will take it. Yeah. Now Jerry Jones, will he offer him the Cowboys job? I want it just 'cause it'd be fun. I think it'd be great. I, and I'm not even factoring in like yes, I have an anti Dallas bias. We've demonstrated that pretty clearly on the show. That it's been fun to see Dallas at times lose, especially when Hank's rooting for him.


I want it because it would be just an incredible story for the NFL. Right? Like having Dion in the NFL, especially for the Dallas Cowboys would be awesome. Like, I wanna see Dion interacting with Jerry Jones, how he handles that relationship. Where Jerry, you know, he likes to have a guy that he can push around. Sometimes Dion will not be pushed around by Jerry Jones. Yep. It would just be awesome. It would be good for sports. Yeah. It would, it would be good for sports. So we'll see what happens there. Mike McCarthy did interview with the Bears. He he did it in person because he wanted the free dinner, I assume. Yeah. That's not a fat joke. One, one Possibility. Yeah. Also, maybe just a possibility that Mike McCarthy, he knows that face to face is way better than Zoom. That's true. Maybe not with his face.


Right. Or also, wait, maybe he just knew that if he showed his face on Zoom, it would look too much like him looking at the scoreboard. Yeah. With his fat confused face. It Would take the whole zoom up. Yeah. It's like the camera adds 40 pounds. Right, right. So maybe him being in person was just a slimming move. That Might be, and I don't even know what the Jets are gonna do. I feel like the Jets have been what, what's going on? Memes. And we, Shefter will tell us, but what is going on? There was a report that Aaron Glenn is his, he wants the Jets. That's good. Jets fans want Aaron Glenn. Oh. Which means we're gonna make the wrong choice. Oh, Okay. Okay. So it's, yeah. It's, it's straight, it's, it's as straightforward as possible that one side wants one. Him the other side want like, there's, this is a perfect marriage and they will fuck it up.


So the Jets, they seem to be enjoying single life right now. They're like, they're doing a lot of dating. They're figuring out what, what their type is. 'cause they're meeting with everyone. I hate. Wait, how many did you do? Did you beat the Bears? No, the Bears did 20. I don't even know how you could come up with 20 names. I, I think well, with the Jets it's like they're doing GMs. GMs as well. Yeah. Hey Coach, it's like you're doing your own version of that OnlyFans check. Yeah. You're going to, Woody Johnson's gonna hold up a song that says a thousand, a thousand candidates by this interview series. Yeah. I think they just also put in a request to interview the DC for the Packers. I don't even know what they're doing at this point. I think they're just Robert Sah. It, it's, no, Robert Sah I think is a finalist for the Saints. Yeah. Yeah. And the Cowboys. And the Cowboys.


The, yeah. I, I don't really understand the whole process of interviewing like 20, 25 guys. Like, I get the saying of like, no, no Stone Stone unturned or whatever. There's some stones you don't wanna look under. Yeah. David Shaw, you didn't have to look under what, what that was. It just said a punt, A bunch of weird bugs and shit. Yeah. It said punt from Plus territory. I think David Shaw is a classy guy. Yeah. He's just a class act. So they just wanted some class in that building. He's a, he's a, he's is also a class case of Mistiming it. Yes. Like he was the hot name for a while and then it was, it kind of faded on him. You gotta just strike while the iron's hot. Alright. So we don't we'll, we'll ask Sheer what's going on with the Jets.


Did you see also our good friend Jim Harbaugh gave me and this podcast a shout out because he's also buying all of Justin Herbert's stock. I saw that's insider trading for him though. Was he asked the question about you? Or did he just see the clip? No, the, he saw the clip like he had previous, he, he came in prepared. He off of the question was something like, how did this game go and everything and then he started answering it and then he was like, and one last thing, can you play it Max? And he was like, and one last thing, you know, Big Cat said this and I mean, listen, I'm, I'm ready to buy stock. It was kind of outside of the fact that it was, I I love that he mentioned me. It's kind of cool how much he has Herbert's back.


Yeah. Alright. Play it. I agree with Big Cat. You know from when he said if you're, if you're, he forgot about paraphrasing this, but Big Cat said if you're selling Justin Herbert's stock and he's buying, I completely concur with that statement. So we're gonna make billions buying Justin Herbert's stuff. I mean, if, if you really think that Justin Herbert is a bad quarterback, I question whether or not you watch football. Yeah, agreed. I I do. Oh. Oh wait. Hank, raise his hand. Hank I Do. In fact, question if Hank wants. Yeah, that's true. You are. This is the, you're the perfect person to be sitting on that couch being like, oh, and two in the playoffs stinks.


Yes. He's not a bad quarterback. He's a No, He is talented. He's got talent. He's a good quarterback. He's got talented. Yes. He's Got talented. He's got talented. He's got talented. Also. Harbaugh in like, I mean, if Lamar loses this weekend, like again, it's kind of this, it's Like he won't make him a bad quarterback, But one's saying, LA quarterback Lamar's obviously really good, but still, if you can't win in the playoffs, it doesn't matter how good you are, who cares? Two games is very early to say you can't win in the playoffs. Would you not agree with that? Two Bad games The first game? Yeah. No, it was, they were two bad games. I agree with that. They were two bad games. Because remember the the first game, he didn't throw like interceptions, but he, yeah, he couldn't get first downs. It Was one and a half bad games. But he, I I still, I if next year they go and they're like, get a home game and he completes completely shits the bed, I will start to possibly like, you know, do some insider trade.


You know, Nancy Pelosi unload a little bit of the stock, but maybe not say it Cannons. I think that what Hank said a second ago is insane. That if, who cares if you're a good quarterback, if you don't win in the playoffs, I care. I think it matters. Like, if, if you're a good quarterback in the regular season, you're still a good quarterback. You have Yeah. You do have to elevate your game. Yeah. You just have, you do have to elevate your game. You just Have people tacking onto it. But he can't win in the playoffs. Yeah. I I just think two games is way too early to say like, he can never win in the playoffs. Yeah. Like he, it, if he gets a couple receivers and they get, like I said, a home playoff game and he's terrible, then I'll be like, you know what, maybe there's something there. But until that happens, I'm buying, I'm buying all the stock.


Did you see also Harbaugh, like a hockey guy is he's getting a heart surgery and a hip new hip at the same time in The off season. Yeah. He's getting the Well, it's the heart ablation. Yeah. So that's in, in a shocking twist of events. I think I accurately diagnosed Harbaugh when he had that moment on the sidelines. I was like, he'll get an ablation, he'll be fine. It's like they're gonna shock part of his heart. They're gonna put an electrical charge into part of his heart and kill off the bad cells, leaving his heart stronger. It's like the buffalo herd theory. Jesus. Where the buffalos get hunted, the weak buffaloes get hunted down by the predators and then the herd moves faster in the long run. Damn. Yeah. That's a crazy surgery. Yeah. So his, it's, it's like they're gonna, it's outpatient, I think just put like electrical charges on his heart and then he's gonna walk outta there feeling a hundred percent better.


Do You guys ever think about how crazy like surgery is that, do you ever, do you, like even we were talking about the other day, LASIK, like they invented a way to shoot lasers in your eye to make you look, to make, make you have 2020 vision for the rest of your life. Yeah. Surgery. That's Fucking insane. Surgery's to me the crazy part is just anesthesia. Yeah. They figured out a way where they can like, kind of kill you for a second. You don't remember anything. You don't feel pain. And then you get just come back. Back And Anesthesiologists I think make bank, They make bank. Yeah. I want to be anesthesiologist after the Super Bowl every year. Yes. Like, just put me in a coma until March. Madness. Yeah. Well we, we've talked about the idea of, I I really think it would do well, like a, a a pod that you could put your body into after a bachelor party for 24 hours.


That's like refrigerated. Yeah. You know, when they, when there's a spinal injury and they bring your body temperature down to like 86 to, to stop the swelling. Imagine if, so if you're like, all right, I just finished a three day bender. I'm gonna go lay in this pod for 24 hours, they're gonna knock me out. They're gonna cool my body down and when I wake up, I'll feel Great. That's why you gotta take the buffer day after the bachelor party. Yes. Like take that work, that work day off on Monday. I had a refuse that to recover. I had a friend once who did a move that I is was insane. But looking back at it was like, holy shit, he might be a genius. He rented a hotel room in the city we were in and stayed on Sunday night just to, just to sleep.


Yeah. I, and then flew back on Monday. I had some buddies That Do have the extra day, like Yeah. He's very smart. Yeah. He's just like, we all were ready to go to the airport and he's like, all right, I'm gonna my hotel. And I was like, what are you gonna do? He's like, I'm gonna probably eat dinner by myself. Go to sleep at seven o'clock and sleep. I had some buddies, we did that for a bachelor party in, in Colorado, where on the last day they just said, okay, we're gonna leave. We're gonna go up to Denver. It's when weed had just been legalized there. They're like, we're just gonna get really high and sleep all day Sunday and then into Monday morning. Yeah. Yeah. And go ease ourselves back into the real world. Yeah. I shit, even after doing like two nights where you don't sleep that well, it'd be awesome to have that pod go in at like 6:00 PM Right. And then wake up at like 10:00 AM the next day.


Someone invent that. Yeah. We have, we have all types of surgeries. Max, are you thinking about your bachelor party that you gotta go on? Or Bachelorette? Or Bachelorette? Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna talk about that. We Haven't Got a lot of submissions. I mean, the submission we got last night is an all timer. You wanna say it? No. Let's talk about a fire fest. A fire Fest. It's a fire fest. You have a fire fest this Week? No, we, we can just talk about it. Talk about it then. Okay. Why not just, I mean we were naturally talking about bachelor parties. That's fine. We'll circle back to the bachelor party. Yeah. We'll circle back to the Bachelor party. What's, what's the issue? Football. It's for time to talk about Football. Okay. Well I have one non-football related story That, that I think it's one of the more fascinating stories of the year.


And it's a soccer story coming outta Italy. What is this? So Hank just, just what a what a lead In? Yeah. We're talking about other football So far. I'd say this is the story of the year. Okay. Lao the, the Italian football club. Okay. They're in a bit of hot water right now because they have an official team. Falconer Falconer, the guy that flies the falcon Around. He does falconry. He does falconry. Yeah. He's a falconer. Fal Kerris Fal Falconer. He's a, he does falconry. Yes. So this guy, he's been with the team for years and years and years. And he, he manages the falcon flies around the stadium. They're The falcons. Their mascot is a falcon. Okay. It's part of pageantry.


Dumb question. Just wanted to The Syria club. Lao. Yeah. Yeah. This guy just got fired. Okay. He got fired because he had a penile enhancement surgery. Oh, Was he fucking the falcon? No, he was not Fal. Okay. Well, we don't know. Okay. We don't know. But I can't take a story about a guy fucking a falcon. I, to my knowledge, he has not fucked a falcon. But it would not shock me if it went there at some point. Okay. 'cause it's a crazy story. So this guy got fired 'cause he got a dick implant. That's not cause for firing. But right after he got the dick implant, he posted a picture of his dick with a dick implant saying what a great surgery he just had and how he needs to ejaculate at least twice a day with as many women as possible. Mm. The owner of the club said this Like in his pants or just straight up posted his dick naked.


I have not seen the picture. I've just, I've read the articles about he, his dick was out in the picture and he's bragging about his, his dick implant. So he was fired. The owner of Lao was very, very upset with him. This guy apparently lives on the training ground with the falcon. He lives like in the team facility with the falcon. He was suspended in 2021 because he was doing a Benito Mussolini salute. And then they brought him back. They said, okay, you've served, served your time. We're bringing you back. So fascism, okay, Fascism, okay. He Is not, So he has been fired from the team for posting this picture. And then he barricaded himself inside the team's facility, demanding that he have his job reinstated.


So he's in a hostage situation, potentially with the falcon, like threatening to kill the falcon to get his job back And jerking off. 'cause he's gotta ejaculate twice A day. He has to ejaculate twice a day. The owner also fired the doctor that did the penile enhancement surgery because apparently that guy's also the team doctor. So the team doctor gave the falconer a new dick. This feels very wrong in the fact that like, it's an Italian league. Yeah. I mean, Italians are horny. They're horny. Why would the owner be against this? This guy guy's just trying to get laid in and also lay better. This guy is the owner. It might be like the owner's not Italian.


It's from somewhere else. Oh. Owner's got a small dick. Owner's definitely got a tiny penis. The owner is a hundred percent Italian. His name is Tido Tido. So Tido, Claudio, Tito, Claudio Tido. And then, then he did come out and officially say that the, the picture that he posted is worse than the fascist salute. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So the story just keeps getting weirder. I don't know what's gonna go on with this hostage negotiation if he kills the falcon. I'm, I'm out on this guy right now. I think I'm on his side. Claudio people are, the streets are saying that you're upset because you have a smaller penis in this guy. Yeah. Don't let that become the story. Yeah.


Let this guy just keep his job and keep the falcon safe. He's, listen what I mean, people get surgery to get themselves better. What, what's wrong with that? I agree. Like some people on this podcast have had some elective surgeries and there's nothing wrong with that. There's no problem. There's so he had a procedure done and Yeah, I just wanna say I stand with the falconer not as long As he doesn't harm the falcon. Not the, not the Mussolini stuff. Yep. I disavow that. Yep. But I think, let, he's Italian. He's Italian. Let Let him be a little bit horny. I think it's good for club morale. You don't wanna have a falconer out there with a tiny penis. No, that's awful. No. So he's trying to better himself. He's probably trying to improve the club's image as well. And if, if he does harm the falcon, then I'm out on this guy.


But right now I think he's reacting as, as you or I would. Yeah. If we were in this situation, which is to grab a bird, take it hostage, and then barricade yourself inside your employer's Facility. Well, you masturbate all the time. Well you masturbate all the time. I don't see anything wrong with this. And yeah. We stand with him until he does, Until he hurts. The falcon Harm the falcon. At which point we wash our hands. I Also, it like, it sounds like, and I don't know the picture, but it sounds like he was just kind of putting out like a PSA. Yeah. Like, Hey, I got a, I got an awesome new dick and it needs to get sucked. So that's what he was So could anyone, anyone who's got a mouth let me know. His explanation for it was I was promoting self-love. Yeah. I was, I was promoting, I was shining visibility on a, a part of lives where people are, are generally afraid to discuss this.


They're, they're ashamed and they shouldn't be ashamed. Look, I had the surgery. It's good for me. You can too. Yeah. Yeah. Raising awareness of his bigger penis and Just Yeah. Self-betterment should not be frowned upon. They gotta get girls. That's how you break through the hostage situation. Yeah. Send some girls in, Open the doors and then bust in. Yeah. Yeah. Send some chicks in. All right. So Falcon, falconer, f falconry guy, Falconer Keep, keep fighting, but don't fight the falcon. Oh. Also the, the doctor that was fired by the team claims that he was not fired. Oh. Because he is not under a contract with the team. And Also probably because Claudio wants that surgery. Yeah.


Is what the streets are saying. Yeah. Again, Claudio don't make this part of the stories. Yes. You're jealous of someone else's penis size. So he, he, this guy is the team doctor, but he didn't have a current contract in place for the team. That's just wild to me that the team doctor's putting dicks in. Yeah. But I guess it makes sense for Italian soccer. Yeah. That's exactly what Italian soccer would be. I bet you that guy that goes out on the field for the Cowboys with the cowboy hat. That doctor, that guy's definitely giving Jerry Jones a penile implant. Yes. Oh yeah. I I remember that guy. He's the funniest. Any, any guy who's wearing a cowboy hat who's a doctor or a lawyer is always funny. Yeah. How is SIO doing This year? I did not. Oh, they're Fair To care to look that up. They're fourth, so they're actually good. They're in the, they're in the right now.


If they finished where they're they're at right now. They'd be in the Champions league next year. They're ahead of NTUs. So you, you're fucking up a good thing here, man. Yeah. The fact, I think this is a curse waiting to happen. Waiting to happen. Okay. Should we talk some football, some American football? Yep.


Alright, before we do that quick word from our friends at Kevin's Natural Foods. If you haven't tried Kevin's natural foods, you're missing out. I had the stir fry yesterday. I also had the Thai, I believe it was Thai coconut or T Yeah. Thai coconut chicken. Incredible. So if you want a delicious protein packed meal on the table in five minutes, Kevin's natural foods heat and serve entrees are perfect. These clean, nutritious meals tastes like something you'd get in a restaurant. Kevin's entrees include fully cooked beef or chicken and incredible sauces. So all you need to do is heat and eat. It's hard to believe something this tasty and healthy can be ready this fast. Skip a greasy takeout and grab Kevin's natural foods instead. It's a perfect meal time hack and it is faster than takeout. Two. Find Kevin's in the refrigerated section at your local grocery store. Listen, it's January. We're all trying to better ourselves. I had that Thai coconut chicken yesterday. It was so good. They also have honey, garlic chicken, general SO'S chicken esan chicken cilantro, lime chicken, garlic chicken, Korean bbq, chicken or beef. They got it all. Kevin's natural food. So go check it out now and you will not be disappointed.


Pix and previews brought to you by our friends at Dove men's. As you prepare to host game day celebrations, we know that people are having people over doing all that stuff. What are some possible body odor related issues you may encounter that make you less confident in your hosting studio? Could be your armpits, could be your feet, could be your hair. Are you afraid to take off your shoes when you enter your friend's house? I am sometimes. So getting nervous. Your team is down at halftime. Take tackle whole body odor with Dove men plus care whole body. Do this whole body do defends against all your odor zones, from pits privates to feet. And it's long lasting with 72 hour odor protection. Don't be the guy that smells. You show up to a party for a Super Bowl party, a conference championship party, divisional round party. And you smell. People are gonna be like, I don't wanna invite him anymore. That's where Dove whole men's whole body deal comes in. So get it today at Walmart. Find dove men whole body deal at Walmart today and make sure you're smelling good.


Okay boys, let's do it. Time for the games. And I'm excited about all of these games. Saturday afternoon, we're gonna start. Oh by the way, just a note. So there's two eight plus point favorites and the two, so eight plus point favorites have not not lost outright since the Ravens lost the Titans. Remember when the Ravens were the one seed Yep. In 2019. And then the previous one was the Chiefs in Titans in 2018. 18. So that was before Mahomes. I think that was Alex. It was Mario Smith Mariota for the Titans.


Yeah. So it's been a run for eight plus point favorites in this round to win outright. So that's why I bring that up with the Texans and Chiefs because right now the Chiefs Texans verse chiefs on Saturday afternoon, the Texans are eight and a half point dogs. The over under is 41 and a half. I am not going to do the thing where I tell myself the Texans just won a playoff game. The Chiefs haven't won any playoff games this year. You gotta take the Texans. Yeah. Hank is, Hank Is 100% gonna do that thing. Which that's good. We need somebody that will do that. I won't be afraid. I Yeah. The, the Chief's defense is completely different.


Like their, their defensive line Chris Jones against that Texans offensive line. I think it's gonna be an issue. And the chiefs are healthy, they're arrested, they've got all their guys, we saw 'em at the end of the season. Don't forget how good the chiefs are. Don't stop, stop forgetting how good the chiefs are. They're awesome. Their offense is, is humming. Everything looks good for them. Andy Reed off a by don't overthink it. It's also gonna be a Hive 17 low of three in Kansas City. Ooh. On Saturday. Ooh. So Hank did, did you count on that? No. That the Texas boys going up tornado alley to Kansas City playing outside at Arrowhead Stadium in the cold. That should factor into it too. Yeah. That's gonna be a problem For the Texans.


Yeah. Jalen Watson is, is supposed to be back. Which is huge for their defense because that, if you had to say one weakness is when he got hurt, chief Secondary could be vulnerable at times. But I think this game comes more down to the Chiefs looking at their season. They did the, they did what they've done the last couple years where they won a shitload of games. They looked not great in some of these games. So people threw doubts at them and now they're coming into the playoffs and their offense is fully healthy. Pachecos back, they got Xavier worthy, Deandre Hopkins, Juju Smith Schuster is getting worked in Hollywood Brown. Like they, the last time we saw them, eight guys caught a ball and Patrick Mahomes had 320 yards and three touchdowns that was against the Steelers.


So I think they're just gonna flip the switch and this offense is gonna look great. And it's playoff. Patrick Mahomes playoff. Patrick Mahomes in the divisional round. You ready for this? He is six and oh. Yep. He has 1,813 total yards. 16 touchdowns, total touchdowns, zero interceptions, 70.4 completion percentage. He plays in this divisional round. And he's basically just, he's, I mean he's undefeated. He lights out. That's just what happens. It should be Six and oh asterisk because the Brown should have beat him that one year. But not Actual. But they didn't actually beat him. Yeah, They didn't actually beat him. They Did. The chiefs ended up winning that game. But yeah, Patrick Mahomes in this round of the Playoffs. Lights out.


Don't forget that. Stop forgetting about the Chiefs. This is the rematch of the original. Thanks for coming out. Yeah. Yes. So Back in 2019, the Texans were up 24 to nothing against the Chiefs. Yep. With 10 minutes left in the second quarter. Yep. They're up 24 to nothing. The final score, 51 to 31 Kansas City. That was Crazy. They, they just poured it on him. They, they were down 24. Nothing. 10 minutes left in the second quarter. The chiefs were winning at halftime. It's, it was crazy. That's, and that felt like that was right at the beginning of all of this happening. And, and Patrick Mahomes becoming Patrick Mahomes. He's also at, how old is Patrick Mahomes now? Is he what, like 28 years old?


Maybe find his age. He is, if he wins this game, he has tied Joe Monte. He's 29 years old. Joe Montana for playoff wins. That's crazy. It's crazy. 16. He's still got a long way to go. Tom Brady has 35. But I was looking at it. I think if he wins this game, he has something like more playoff wins than I think it's like 10 or 11 franchises. Just him personally. Yeah. The graphics are gonna be crazy. Yeah. So it's, he's just so goddamn good. You can't forget about Patrick Holmes now also he gets the baby bump. Yep. So he welcomed a third child, gold, golden Ray Mahomes, who I, they all three of their children are bronze, silver, gold.


It's kind of crazy that he waited. That's tough for the third one to be named Gold. Gold. Yeah. Bronze is a, I think bronze is the second one. 'cause it's Patrick the third is his son. So he's technically his nickname's bronze. And then that makes sense. Sterling. I like that. Ling Sterling Sky is silver. And then Golden Ray. Listen, people do whatever they want with their names. I mean it's, you know. Yeah. I also think when you, I think the wealthier you get, the crazier you get with your names. Andy Reed calls the sun 3:00 PM 3:00 PM For, because Patrick is 2:00 PM Ah, and then that's 3:00 PM Yeah. Do whatever you want with your names. I always thought that naming your kids various types of cheeses would work out well too.


Yeah. You got Kolby, Jack, pepper, Monty, Monty. Yeah. Brie. Yep. Goda Guta. Guta Guta. Who could forget Baby Guta American Sharp Cheddar American. Yeah. Yeah. White American. White American. Yeah. American. Yeah. White American. This Is, this is my son. White American. And actually Rocks. Yeah. White American. Actually, I get to name a, a litter of of puppies for Paw. Oh, nice. 'cause we won that, that auction at the Paw Gala. I might just go all cheeses, We should go all cheeses. Various types of cheeses for the Dogs. Yeah. Yeah. The, let's let's at least say something nice about the Texans. I do think their defense is they won't get rolled over by the Chiefs.


Their defense is elite. I'm just nervous about the Texans offense because it hasn't been good this year. And it's, there's a lot of, there's a lot of data behind them just not being very good. And in a game against the Chiefs, you pretty much have to play perfect to stay in this game. Now they did stay in the game when they played, what was it like four weeks ago? That was the game tank. Dell got hurt. Did they only lose by seven? I wanna say. Yeah. It, it looked, it looked close in the first quarter and a half I wanna say. Yeah. So I, I don't, but The Texans defense is capable of, of stepping up their game to a point where they can, they can frustrate really good quarterbacks. Correct. We saw that with, with the bills And the Chiefs offensive line is not great.


Yeah. That is another area of weakness. So I, I do think Bills and the Tex or Bills and the, the Lions right. The bills, The Lions, the Dolphins, the Chargers. Yeah. The Texans defense took those, all those teams and made their, their offense look significantly worse than it is against everyone else. I just, it's just Patrick Mahome. That's the thing. They, I just keep going back to Yeah. They lost by eight in the meeting they had a month ago. So I, I'm not, I'm not saying the chiefs are gonna, it's gonna be a cakewalk. I just keep looking at this eight and a half and I'm like, it feels like a game. The Chiefs are gonna be up by seven for the majority of the game. And then at the end, you know, go on one of those patented late second half chiefs drives where they just burn clock, get a bunch of third down conversions.


Either kick a field goal or score a touchdown to win by 10 or 14. Yeah. Do you think there's any additional pressure on Patrick Mahomes now that his brother's biggest source of income has dried up with the TikTok ban? Mm. Like now he, now Patrick Mahomes is the breadwinner in that Family. He's feeding it all. Jackson Mahomes was independently wealthy. Mm. And now it's like all in his shoulders. Travis Kelsey, maybe New Heights is not, I like memes throwing. Did you see memes tweet last night? Just showing some podcast charts. What'd he say? Just bragging on our behalf. I like that. Memes. Which, so we don't really brag about it, but it was nice that memes bragged on our behalf. Yeah. Where it just showed the rankings and it was us one, and then we had two out of the top three episodes as well.


So that's a, that's just memes being a, a good, a good soldier for Us. Also. All respect to the Kelsey guys. Oh yeah. I I like both of them a lot. Like, I mean, Jason Kel is Max's I don't Vision board. Yeah. I mean, would it be his hall pass Maybe? I think technically, I think Max Max goes to sleep every night looking at a picture of Jason Kelsey. Like, this is, this is my goal for tomorrow to do That. Yeah. No, I, I, I like both Kelsey's. And I also think that this is gonna be all three Kelsey's. Oh yeah. Kylie. Yeah. I do think this is where, And Mama And Mama Kelsey, no one talks about dad. It's bullshit. It really is bullshit. I do think this is where Travis Kel ramps it up. Like, I like his over yards.


I think this is, he, he, he plays in second gear for the majority of, of the regular season. And then when you get to these points, the two things that I always look to is Mahomes rushing yards in the playoffs and Travis Kel Yards. Because, because that is when they need a big play. It's Travis Kelsey or Mahomes using his feet. Yeah. And it's, we've seen it time and time again. And I think that's exactly what's gonna happen on, on Saturday. I like CJ Stroud rushing yards too. Yeah. I like it. Last week that hit and you go back to back when he was in college. Yeah. In that playoff game. Everybody's like, oh shit. CJ can run. Yeah. He can use his feet. I think he'll do it again. That might also just be a product of plays breaking down sometimes around him. And he's not, I think the Chief's defense is going to do a very, very good job shutting him down.


Yeah. But yeah, I like, I like the Chiefs Do. Now if the, so I want to, I don't want to, 'cause we, we've obviously put a lot of love on the Chiefs even though I'm sure there'll be some Chiefs fans being like, all you guys do is suck off Josh Allen. And you know, you never mentioned or Jared Goff, you never mentioned Patrick Holmes. Who is the best quarterback in the NFL even though statistically he wasn't this year. You'd still take him. One, one. The Texans Hank make us a case. Defense makes a play. Okay. Control the ball on offense. Joe Mixon two touchdowns. Own time of possession. Gotta get lucky. I mean that's, that's true. That's a good game plan.


Yeah. Can, can we get a keys to the game for Hank Cold card? The cold. The cold, the cold is is is, I don't like that. Isn't it weird that I don't, this probably just goes all to all the way back to candy ass uniforms. But like, if you told me it was cold for Miami, I'd be like, they have zero chance. For some reason I'm like, Texans might have still have a little bit of a chance. Yeah. I I don't know about that Houston dome. Yeah, I know it's, I'm, I'm admitting that it's completely based on the candy ass uniforms. Not really a dome though. They, they open up the, the roof a lot At NRG. Yeah, they Do. Yeah. From time to time. So There you go. If it snows like an inch in Houston, like the world shuts down. That's true. That is, that's a fact. That's fact.


They can't handle, they can't handle it. What are you gonna say, max? I feel like Dko Ryans feels like a cold Weather Coach. Yeah. That might be it. Yeah. It's very opposite. Mike McDaniel. Yeah. It's The bald head. I think there's something about him feels like he can, he can coach in the cold. There's a toughness about it. Yes. Yeah. That he Yeah. The Texans are also wearing Joe Mixons the key to the game. I Okay. And they'll get lucky. Well, yeah. That's, that's just a Playoffs though. Yeah. And also Keith Patrick Mahomes off the field. Yeah. Yeah. Joe Mixon score. Those one in one in three are basically the same thing. Let me give you another key to the game somehow hope that Carson Wentz's name starting quarterback. Mm. Hank what would you say? Would you say it's a key to the game for the Texans to get sevens a instead of threes?


Not necessarily. Oh, You stop giving away all my keys to the game for Oh Shit Commanders. Oh shit. I've been teasing this all week. Fumble. Oh, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta have a turnover. That's the luck. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Get lucky Turnover. Pick six. Pick six. Kick return touchdown punt block. Can we stop, can we, I'm not gonna have any more keys left. No. My keys are, my keys are completely different. But those are valid keys. Those Are huge keys. Yeah. But the Texans also wearing all white uniforms. Okay. Which led to a lot of infighting amongst the Texans fan base. Whether or not they should be excited about this, I found a great interaction underneath the, the official team tweet about it. Okay. From Astros Fade.


We've never won a playoff game in all white. What are we doing? Texas Uniform Tracker replies. To be fair, we've never won any playoff game in white jerseys, regardless of pants. And then sad Astros posts. To be fair, we've never won any divisional playoff game. And then Astros fade replies and then Astros fade replies. We've never won a road playoff game in general. Oh. So he kinda, So it might not be the white pants. You Drill down a little bit and you find out it might not be the white pants. Yeah. If this game was at home, we need, we need the Texans next year to somehow get like a two or three seed and wear white pants at home in the divisional round and then we can kind of, Then we cans pars it out a little bit.


Figure out Yeah. Exactly where we're going. Wrong with the uniform choices. Yeah. Okay. Let's do the next game. Commanders at Lions. Lions are nine and a half point favorites over under his 55 and a half PFT. You've been teasing your keys to the game, so I'll let you take It. Okay. My keys to the game. Should I write these down? Yeah. Okay. You should Hold on. Hold on. Number one, By the way, people were asking what I was writing down during our vagina conversation last week on Wednesday. I was drawing a vagina to see if I could get hard just looking at just a vagina. Big Cat does take notes during episodes though. Yeah. All right, here we go. All right. Keys to the game. Number one. Fuck 'em up. Fuck 'em up.


I love That. We gotta beat the fuck out of 'em. Now would you, you, you can't say four quarters of fuck you football 'cause that's Notre Dame, but would you like them to play four quarters of fuck you football? I'd like to play five quarters of fuck you football. Okay. Five quarters because you gotta be ready for 110%. Fuck. Fuck 'em up. Okay. Really, really fuck everybody up. Number two, kill everyone. Kill everyone. Especially on defense, Women and children. Put the women and children to bed. Women and Children to Bed. That's, that's key. Two A. Okay. Number three. Jaden Daniels. Yep. I think that one I'm gonna, you know what I'm gonna do for that one? I'm gonna underline It.


Okay. Underscore. Yep. And number four, the fourth and final key to the game. I absolutely need an incredible hype video. Yep. And in I'm talking this, this has to be the best hype video that I've ever seen. Yes. There's a lot of pr I might make my own hype video. I think you needed it. The best one you've ever seen. But I'm going, I'm gonna make, oh man, what a shot I'm going to make. That was so mean. People, I'm gonna make the best hype video you've ever seen. Don't Let him talk to that. Yeah. Talk to You like that. Oh, Hank Hank's a loser. Don't let him talk To you like that. Hank, you're not even in the playoffs. You don't know shit about hype videos. Oh, I'm gonna make the best hype video. I've already got an idea for it. As a matter of fact. Well, if he makes a hype video, it would probably be the best hype video he's ever made, ever made, ever made person.


Ever seen this? Ever seen he's ever made? Yeah. I'm talking The best hype video of all time. Ac dc with like some Glitter Transitions. No, no, no, no. Hater. It's gonna be, I'll just, I think it's gotta be Fix You by Coldplay. Oh. And I think it's gotta start. I Don't know about that. Oh yeah, it's, wait, Is this after they lose and like you're remembering them? No, you, No, you're like, Fix you and Remembrance Fix you starts sad. And then it's like when you're lost out and then you got pictures of like Dan Snyder. You got Picture RRG Three. Okay. All I'm, yeah, that's I'm You got a picture of the stadium reigning shit on fans you got. Okay, that works. You Try your best but you don't succeed. And then it's a picture of like the Sean Taylor statue that's not even a statue.


It's all the bad stuff. And then it goes ding Lights Will Guy do as Jay Daniels getting drafted. Walk Outta The tunnel. Yeah. It's him getting drafted at that point. And Ignite. I will try to fix you. And then Jayden's out there. This works Whip Past, past His Marriage. Someone make this for PFT. He just gave you the vision. No, I just, I just went back and listened to the song. I, it's more of a like, after you win, like, like, like yearbook video. It is, It is a little bit of that. It's a yearbook video Because it gets exciting at the end. But that's when you show like the Super, like the, we won the Super Bowl. Yeah. No's, let's go win it. But For the hype video needs to be like, like that's not a Fire Me Up song.


Yeah. You don't know shit about hype videos either. This is my vision. This is not, I might swear been that corner. Whoa. No, it needs to be like Iron Maiden and shit. Run for the Hills. Yeah. That was my first job here was hype make making hype videos. Really? What was your best work? I I did them for you Ducks. I knew that. I knew that. I knew that shit. Can You just let me enjoy my vision? You do your hype videos, your, you texting them To me? No, I would text him to Hank and Hank would text Him to Oh, that's the problem. Hank was taking credit for it. Oh, I Wasn't. Yeah, he was. No I wasn't. He Was taking all the credit. Do we have A hype video guy now at Barsol? Quakes. Quakes. Okay. Ack makes some good ones. Don't We? Don't talk about him Anymore.


This I'll talk to Quig and, And we will, we'll work on it. But right now I feel like, just let me follow my vision, which is Coldplay. I think people, I think this should be a fan submitted one now because like, well you Were just taking Craig. Like if, if you, if Quis makes it might be good. If Quick makes it, it will be good. Saying Shots saying, well, well Peter is saying I'm gonna make the greatest. You don't think I can do It. He can direct it. Yeah. Direct It by it be That's what I was doing with Max. It's gonna be a PFT joint. That's Also not even true. True. I think you should have I you send you a song and be like, here you go. You do that Like once every six videos that I made, that was bullshit. And probably whenever he said that it was because I said it, I was like, I want this song.


That's probably true. I'll find a lot of Call of Duty. Back then he Was just being the middle man 50. You should just do fan submit it. Because now you'll have like a hundred hype videos and one of 'em is gonna be an absolutely incredible, like, people are gonna make this. Now, whether you ask 'em to or not, well I, let me do the Coldplay one and then, but I am interested in watching all the hype videos. Okay. Like that to me that is a key for my game is to just, you, you gotta have great hype videos gonna this week because it's us against the world, Washington versus everyone. That's what they're saying about this game. I so my take on this game, and this is a compliment, I think the Lions are gonna fucking kill him, but I can't bet 'em because of Jaden Daniels. 'cause I keep thinking in the back of my head, like, but what if Jayden Daniels does something crazy?


Yeah. Like the, the Lions are better and they should, they should. The commanders play a lot of man coverage. The Jaroff is number one beating man coverage. I think they're, Dave Montgomery is back. So I like keep going back like the Lions can name their score, but then I'm like, but Jaden Daniels and like everything that happens in the voodoo stuff, I don't think I can bet the, the, the lions. So that way I can root for the commanders with You. Yeah. A a couple weeks ago I said if we do, if we win our first round playoff game, it, we're gonna be very lucky if the Lions don't score 70 points on us. Yeah. Like the Lions have, they've got a great roster. They've got all the weapons, they've got an incredible offense. I was shocked to learn that the commander's rushing offense is actually better than the lions rushing attack.


Oh wow. It doesn't feel like that though, does it? No, but I guess you gotta take into account Jayden's legs. Yeah. Just being a big part of that Montgomery coming back. I'm, I'm more afraid of Gibbs. Like I'm, I'm, I know that Montgomery's a great running back. But if you were to say like, are you more afraid of a healthy dose of Jamir Gibbs or splitting time with him and David Montgomery coming off of PCL, like an injury that people thought was gonna be season ending. Yeah, I'm okay with Montgomery and Gibbs splitting Carries. I just think that our, our past defense has to step up. Latimore is healthy, I guess. I don't know. I think there's gonna be on defense, I think we're gonna have a lot of moments where Lions receivers are running completely untouched somewhere down the field.


Did you Know that our past defense is third, is ranked third? That doesn't feel right either, does it? No. The Commander's pass defense. I don't know. I don't know how that works out, but yeah, I I wanna believe in the Commanders if it becomes, if it's a one score game in the fourth quarter, that's what I'm saying. We win this game. Yeah. I think Yeah. But then you have to wonder what happens in the first three quarters. Like, but I mean, think about it. The Bears went into Detroit and basically beat the lines on Thanksgiving. Yeah. Like they're, they've had games where they look human the last month or so. They have not, they've looked incredible. Our, our offensive line has done a much better job, especially with, with our center coming back. PIs, Sam Cosby's playing really, really well.


So I realize I haven't talked about any of those guys. I've just been focusing on Jayden. But we've had our, our team has stepped up The Other we play, we play weird games. We will not blow anybody out. We'll be lucky to keep it within a score because Detroit is so, so good. But if we can keep it within a score, Jaden Daniels can go out there and win the game. Yeah. And, And The, the Lions buttholes might get tight. Lions buttholes might get tight tight. Yep. The the other thing I would say is Aaron Glenn, his defenses usually struggle with mobile quarterbacks like Justin Fields used to, you know, give them fits. So, and he's had that happen multiple times, not just once. So Jayden Daniels might be able to use his legs significantly on Saturday.


What are you looking up, max? This past defense thing. I, for some reason I've clicked on four different things and said four different websites. It said four different things. Well, what's the, is it EPA or what did you, is it yards passing Yard? I don't know. I I saw a couple things and it had us listed as the third Best pass defense and I was very confused by it. Like Max, when I said that out loud, it doesn't sound right, does it? I mean, this Says third here. I, I'm, I don't know what I'm looking At. That's yards per game. Yeah. But then this one I feel like I'm also looking at yards per, oh wait, that's postseason Get together match. If we're the number three pass defense in the postseason, that's a, a much different stat. But that's not the case. 'cause I think we're like the number 30 rush defense.


I, the, the only thing I would say about that is the lions are not like everyone else. You played on the schedule. Yeah. Correct. So that would be, they're just really fucking good. Yeah. And, but I, well the Eagle's pass defense is pretty good. The Eagle's pass defense. Yes. And We put some points on them. Yeah, No, I was saying the Lions offense. Oh right. Your past defense versus the Lions offense. Yeah, the Lions offense is, is in that level of just, I think it's essentially the, the Bills and the Ravens, those are the three teams where it does feel like whenever they wanna score, they're just gonna score. We're Gonna see Ultimate Dans in this showdown. Yeah. Dan Quinn, Dan Campbell both going forward on fourth Downs all the time.


Two Alpha Dudes. And it's crazy because the history of these franchises, at least, you know, recent history Tress way for the Commanders has been a great punter. I, I went out there, I bought a punter's jersey. He was the only bright light on the team for a while. And then Jack Fox on the Lions great punter. Now neither one of those guys is being used punts. They were both in weird ways. Like the best player on each team. Yeah. But yeah, there's gonna be a ton of punts, or excuse me, a ton of going for it on fourth down in this game. Not a lot of punts. One thing about the lions defense, they are the fourth worst in the NFL at allowing explosive plays. So explosives, they allow on 12.4% of snaps.


Now the only counter to that would be they did Miss Alex Sansone for a majority of their season. He does wear the green dot. So getting everyone in the places they need to be. You saw it against the Vikings, but Yeah. Their defense is obviously the weakness. This could, you could make this a shootout. And I feel like when you make a game, a shootout, it really is the, the randomness of the game. Like if you're, if you're a nine point underdog and you, and you can score, like the commanders can score all you need is like one, you know, one interception, one weird thing to happen to the lions, you know, almost like breaking serve in tennis. Yeah. I, I'm going into this weekend thinking there's a very good chance that this is the end of the run. And if it is, what a great run it's been.


No regrets. It's been an incredible season. But I do think that there's a path, I think that it don't write us off. Don't write us off. Because if it's a one score game, we can go out there and win the game. And the, the top seeds are 11 and seven in playoff games since the format changed. Hmm. So it's not like getting the one seat is like automatic. You're gonna go to the super bowl. Yeah, I think the lines, I don't know. I just feel I've all Score 40. I've said all year the lines are the best team in the n ffc. Are You gonna take the commanders? I'm gonna take the commanders spread. Okay. And Probably the over and just because that's the only way the commanders went. There's max left hand Up. Left hand up. Let's go Max. Love That. Max, Let's go. Commies, let's go. You're the man. Max. Go.


Let's go Commies. I love It. Max, you've always been on my side. Yep. Always. Let's talk about your game. Max Rams Eagles. Eagles minus six over under 43 and a half. Let's first say Max, how did, how did the class go? Ow. So you have, you have Karma all the way back on your side, by the way. Yep. Yep. 'cause we also got a little more into the story of the Eagles fan versus the Packers fan. The Eagles or the Packers fan. And this doesn't excuse calling, you know, a woman, a cunt in the, in the crowd. But the guy who was who, whose wife was called that he essentially did a GoFundMe to try to get money to go to the game and, and was like, And antagonize omni Antagonize and like Eagle fans and film it.


So, so it, it kind of is one of those situations where like, everyone's a shithead except for the woman who just, she's somehow a pawn in all this. And like, was the one who got disrespected, She's like bait. Yeah. The guy, her husband's taken to the game. Like The Packers fan sucks too. So, wait, but the Packers fan did a GoFundMe probably to get all the way across the country from Wisconsin to Philadelphia to go see this game, right? Max? No, He lived an hour outside of Did it GoFundMe for that or A, a GoFundMe to go A car ride. Oh my God. So yeah, Doing a GoFundMe as just like a normal, it's crazy random dude to go to a football game is insane. Insane. Especially one down the street. Yeah. It's kind of the name of the website though. That was one I, the funniest GoFundMe I saw was a few months ago, some guy like got busted at a Phish concert for selling.


It was, it was something like, you know, hundreds of tabs of acid, like a shitload of ecstasy, nitrous and all this stuff. And he did a GoFundMe for like, legal stuff and people were just coming. They're like, dude, he, he was a drug dealer. He sold those drugs. Yeah. It's like, I know that, you know, we all wanna party. But Yeah, I Like that. I think the GoFundMe should go to someone, you know, a kid with cancer, El Chapo does a GoFundMe. Yeah, I need to, I need to re-up. Yeah. But yeah, that I, I think you've been vindicated, especially with your class. So how'd it go? Yeah, I took the class as a four hour class. I learned some good information, learned a lot about the Lincoln Financial field and the security around it.


However, big Dom got heard about me taking this class class and was not, and was unhappy. What'd he say? I dunno if he was unhappy. He was, he was concerned that he Was concerned that you Got Kicked out for Something? Yeah. No, he thought I got ki he thought I got kicked outta the game on Sunday. And did you explain it to him? Yep. I texted, I told him the whole thing and he was like, wait, How'd he find out about this? He said, I was tweeting about it. Oh. I had first thought that there was like an, an alert that, that there was an alert that would like go to his desk or something as soon as something took the, the test. Which I thought would've been way funnier. Yeah. But someone just like sent him his tweet. He was like, what happened to you this weekend? So, so Max, you were saying that you were kind of panicking and you weren't sure if you explained it correctly in your text back because you were very nervous about what to write back to big Dom.


Yeah. So let's just clear the air right now and reset this Eagles fan was caught on video last week saying bad stuff. Max as a great representative of the city of Philadelphia decided that he was going to get some good karma back show that Philadelphia Eagle Eagles fans are passionate, but they're not all assholes. So Max took the, the course that the NFL offers for fans who have been kicked outta the stadium to learn more about empathy and appropriate stadium behavior in order to get all the good vibes back on the city of Philadelphia. Correct. I was just trying to do my part. Yeah, just trying to do my part. I do love the idea of big dom having a fax machine next to his desk and just every person who has to sign up for it and it just, all it spit out was just a, a piece of paper that just said Max in your picture.


He's like, what the hell? I know. That's what I was really My paan. So watch On PMTV, but Max, what did, what did you learn? You know, you always have to put yourself in the, in the shoes of an opposing fan. Like if, if you were going into an opposing stadium, how would you want to be treated? Curse words are not allowed at any moment. So use of foul language. Disappointing drinking. It was a lot of drinking. It was a lot about the rules of how much you can drink, what your blood alcohol level will look like if you are drinking. What can happen if your blood, blood alcohol gets to a certain level. Stress management, that was another one.


It talked a lot about stress. You need that. Yeah. That's big. It was, it was not only the, if things are going poorly in your life, you can be stressed out, but also if things are going well in your life, you can be stressed out. So that's another thing that about stress. And that can cause people to say things that they, that they shouldn't be saying. Did they give, like, did they do thought exercises where it's like it's third and 10 and Jalen Herz runs to the right and throws it 20, 20 feet outta bounds. What? Like what are you thinking? No, they did not, they did not do that. Run a simulated game for you. Nope. Yeah, you're down, you're down by 17 points and AJ Brown's reading a book.


What do you say? Yeah. Well that was a motivational book that keeps him locked in. Jake Elliot missed his third PAT of the Day that I'm worried about. I'm so worried about That. I'm worried about that as well. Andy Swan had a great idea. It was dress MMA fighters as opposing fan bases. So if you go, if you go to like Lincoln Financial Field, have an MMA fighter dressed up in all Packers gear and then have somebody get in a fight with 'em and then those guys get their ass kicked by the MMA fighter. I like That. I like that. So let's talk about the game Max. It is gotta be a Saquon game. Jalen Hurts has to get outta the concussion protocol and your defense has to win this game.


'cause I don't know about your offense. Assess those. Disagree. It's gonna be cold. You're just gonna pound the rock. We're gonna, our offense will be good. I did have that question. How, how long do you have to live in warm weather before you get soft? Because Matthew Stafford, he played in his only cold game, only game under 40 degrees in the last three years, was the game against the Jets a month ago where they won 19 to nine and they did not look good. He obviously played in Detroit, had to play in NFC North, go to Soldier Field, go to Lambo. Is is there a a amount of time Yes. That you get soft? Yes. How Quickly?


Two years. Two summers. Two summers. Especially the older you get, the older you, the Older you, You get to the joints, the They don't, they don't do as well in the cold. Yeah. Two summers your first summer you're like, you know those videos of when they have a monkey and it sees the outdoors for the first time because it's been kept in a lab for its entire life. Yeah. And it's never been like in the grass and it's like, oh shit, this is awesome. That's your first summer in warm weather. You're like, this is incredible. Holy shit. I love it. You lived in Texas. I love it. I just, as you were saying that Yeah. You, you know, from firsthand experience here. Yeah, yeah. No, I got, I got real soft. I got real soft over the course of like nine years down there to the point where I moved to New York and I was like, what the fuck is going on? And now It's the flip where I think tomorrow it's gonna be 40 degrees in Chicago. It's like I might wear shorts.


Yeah. Now I'm hard. Yeah. I was soft. Now I'm hard. But I think after your second summer then you just expect nice Weather. Nice weather all The time. All the Time. Yeah. So that will be big. Matthew Stafford older doesn't ha you know, doesn't play well in in cold weather. The other thing I like about this matchup Max is the Rams are somehow worse than the Eagles in starting games, which is pretty hard to do. But the Rams are 30th in first quarter scoring and 23rd in first half scoring. So that's, you know, the Eagles have started slow it. They shouldn't have. Well yeah, I mean they, they got a, a fumble seven sections of the game. Yeah, that's, that's the opposite of starting slower.


I understand. But that fumble doesn't happen. They have maybe three points at most in the first half. Great. Touchdown pass. Johann Dotson right away. Great Touchdown passed. It did, it did Happen. But your offense looked like shit in the first half, did it? Not They scored in the first two minutes Of the game. Yeah, 10. It was 10. Nothing like that. Defense look great. I think your defense is, is gonna win this game. And I also, I Vic Fangio against it's small sample size, but he, he played them this year. The Rams scored 20 points and then the famous game in 2018 when the Rams were just ripping through everyone and they came to Soldier Field and Vic Fangio is the DC and they scored six points. I think Vic Fangio is gonna have, he's gonna dial some shit up. Kobe Dean being out is a worry that, that's really my only worry on the defensive side of the ball.


We're gonna have Oren Burs who's did not look great. He, he's the one who had the, the fumble on the kickoff to start the game. But defensively he did not look great last year or last week. And then Jeremiah Trotter Jr. Is, is rumored to be getting a bunch of snaps this weekend and he's a rookie and hasn't gotten like any playing time. So that's na Dean's like the play caller, the, you know, middle linebacker that is the leader on the team and not having him is gonna be worrisome for the defense. But I still like, I I like our guys. I think your offensive line will do a great job going up against one of the Rams strengths. We'll just, I I if you were to say Rams defensive line, probably one of the better units out there, but the Eagle's offensive line I think can neutralize him a little bit.


Are you ever nervous on punts? I know you love Cooper Deje, but are you nervous the way that he fields punts? Yes. Every single. If you, we watch the game together on Sunday every single time. I just say just catch it. Just catch it. Don't don't Punts are the return. Returning punts is the scariest play in football for me. Yeah. 'cause I feel that it has to be the highest percent percentage play of turnover. Yeah. Like it's very easy to turn the ball over on a punt and it completely changes the game. 'cause it's 60 yards of field position or whatever that number is. Just hold onto the football, get the ball back to the offense, run the rock, win the game. Play good defense. Don't turn the ball over. Run the rock. Win the game.


Love that Piece of the game. Are you gonna go hair down or up? You Won against the Packers with hair down? No, I, but, but I put it up right before halftime because they went in, they went into that lull. Oh. So you gotta go off. So I think I'm maybe start, I think like the first couple drives are, are gonna be down because the can Can I make a request? Yep. No pigtails Overalls. Nailed it. Come on. Yep. You have the Eagles overalls. The people want the Eagles overalls. Everybody's been asking for the Eagles. You teased them last year and he never wore the overalls. You gotta wear the overalls For the people. Yeah. But if they lose, think of how bad of a look that will be.


If they lose and I Exactly. For you. It'll be a good look. But Eagle Philly fans will be so mad at me. So you're just never gonna wear these overalls? No. I'll wear 'em. No, I don't think that you will. You have to wear 'em now or never because you're not gonna wanna win 'em No. In the Super Bowl. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta work 'em in. You should have worked 'em in the regular season. That was a big mistake. Yeah, I know I should have. But even I, I, there was so many times that I thought about it dur during the regular season and I was like, well what if they lose then I then I then it's a bad look. Here's What you should do. You should wear the, the overalls and maybe wear a hoodie over it for the first half. I don't hate that. Yeah. I don't hate That. Work it in slowly. Work it In. Yeah. Okay. I like that. Feel it out Like that. I like that.


If things are going well, you go overalls, then you have the overalls for the NFC championship game. If Philly fans listening to this are mad at me and they, and I get an overwhelming response of do not wear the overalls. I I can't wear the Overalls. No, I I think you wear 'em. Put the hoodie on over and if, if it's going good then you can, you know. Okay. You can demonstrate. And then if it's going poorly, you can also take the hoodie off to switch up the juju. It gives you multiplicity. Okay. One multiplicity in your attack. All right. I like it. I like It. Yeah. Okay. Complimentary overalls. Yeah. Okay. The last game. Best game Ravens at Bills. Bills are underdogs. They're one and a half point underdogs. The over under is 51 and a half.


I'm so excited for this game. I've been trying, I think everyone knows that we're, I think everyone in this room is, wants the bills to win. 'cause it'd be awesome if they went to the Super Bowl. Think the Ravens are probably the better team overall. So I've been trying to make a case for it in my head that the bills can win this game. Here's my case. The Bills defense in the first matchup was not, they didn't have guys. They, they, they didn't have Milano Johnson, who I think is in concussion protocol right now. And Bernard, all those guys should help with the run the Z Flowers. Looks like he's not gonna play. And the last thing is, the Ravens defense has been incredible in the, in the last half of the season.


Right. I did look back and in the last five games, this is DVOA who they played, they played the Browns who the 32nd defense or so, sorry, offense. The Texans were the 26th. The Steelers the 19th, the Giants the 28th and the Eagles the 13th, they're only lost. The bills are obviously a top five offense. And so maybe there's a little inflation in numbers. I don't fully believe everything I'm saying. I was just trying to make the case. Okay. Here's another bit of data point for you. I'm all over the weather this weekend. Eight degrees in Buffalo, in Orchard Park. Mm. The coldest game that Lamar Jackson's ever played.


Guess what it was 35, No, 27. Oh, so kind of cold. Yeah, but this is eight degrees is very different from 27. And he said he wasn't going gloves. Also, Lamar, in their earlier matchup this season, the temperature was like 60 and he was wearing a, a hoodie and a beanie for it. Yeah. I don't know that Lamar loves the cold. Broward County. Broward County. I, I think that it is a very different team that the Buffalo Bills have right now. Home Field Advantage is gonna make a, a huge difference. I have no idea who's gonna win the game. Absolutely no idea. I've been trying to figure it out too. I think I'm gonna bet the over I'm gonna bet for football. I'm gonna, I'm gonna root for good football. No idea who's gonna win this game. I don't know if they can stop Derrick Henry.


They're prob The Ravens are much more complete team. The Bills have Josh Allen as an all pro. Nobody else as an all pro. But that said, I don't know. I feel like the Bills are playing their best football right now. Yeah. I I I just want both quarterbacks to play outta their mind and have one of those classic games where it just comes down to whoever has the ball last. I'm so excited for this game. Yeah. Hank, you think the Ravens are gonna kill him? No. Oh. I think the bills gonna win. I want the bills to win. Yeah. But I do, I do think the Ravens on, you know, in totality are the better team. And Lamar's been out of his mind. Lamar's probably gonna win another MVP Might be his best season ever.


He's an incredible, incredible quarterback. And he's, you know, he last week in a playoff game was awesome. Yeah. I I'm rooting for the bills, but I I this is gonna be a tough game. I Was shocked to find out that Jim Nance, I think the Weather matters more in the Playoffs than people give it credit for it to PSTs point. Yeah. And Josh Allen, He loves that cold. Yeah. So Jim Nance is quote, stoked for this game. Oh shit. I never thought that Jim Nance holy shit was capable of being stoked. Did He say that with a Stussy shirt on? He said It twice. He said, I am stoked for this matchup. That is the Cali in him. It is. How old are Jim N's kids? That's definitely, He just found out about Stoked. His kid is like 12.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And he lives in Cali. Tony? No, I think he does have, I think he remarried and has a younger kid and he's probably a Cali teen. Tony, I'm stoked. No cap bru. Imagine if he dropped a bruh Lamar has an incredible run. He is like, bruh Bruh. He he did not just do that fam and Lamar Jackson, bruh. He's different. He's different. Tony, You just, you just don't know how to spell Jim. Nancy's name Max Daughter born in 2014. Son born in 2016. Okay. So he is got a 10-year-old and a 11-year-old. 9-year-old. He probably, yeah. That's getting there. I mean nine, nine is a 9-year-old. Maybe skating. Yeah. He's getting those words stoked. Yeah. Tony, you know, he's famous for calling plays before they happen.


Last week he called that they were gonna get this game at the end of the last game. He's like, can't wait to be up in Buffalo next week. And I don't know if the network executives got bullied into making that the Nance No, it was always gonna be Jimmy s and Tony Romo for this game. It was always, always, it Was always what are gonna say? I don't Know if kids still say stoked. Oh they don't. I don't, I that seems like kind of, I don't know what they do in California. Yeah. So maybe I I would, I would assume that stoked is probably out of Oh Vernacular. I I was, I'm not saying I'm in vernacular. Yeah. Not in Cali. I was Assuming Cali they say Stoked. I was assuming that Stoked was big in like the nineties, maybe early two thousands. That's what I'm thinking. Then it went out and I was assuming that maybe it, it just started to come back.


I think Cali, I think Cali is just part of the language. Definitely Some Cali Awls hit us up. Do you still say stoked? They're all st because I feel like they still say hella too hella Stoked. Okay. This, this Twitter account that is just covers the world of ski lifts said so stoked to be adding Norway Mount That that st that sounds like Stoke is like A universal. I could also see Jim Nance being big time into skiing. Yeah. Like he probably spends a month in Aspen each off season. Stoked. Okay. I'm so excited for this Game after the game, a tribute to our, our darling Jake Marsh. I predict sportsmanship of the year. I predict the handshake between Lamar and Josh is going to include some form of now go out there and win the big one.


Mm. Win it all. Go Take care of it. Go beat the bad man. Go beat The Badman. Yep. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Should we do our parlays? 'cause we have them very close last week with the Jaden Daniels having the kneel down. That hurt. But we are, you guys are gonna do the commanders' lines. We'll do the Eagles Rams


draft Kings. The FL teams playing to see who's the king of the Gridiron getting on the playoff action. See who's the king of the end zone at DraftKings Sports work. An official sports book partner of the NFL playoffs. DraftKings has been The number one place to bet touchdowns All season long in NFL playoffs aren't keeping them outta the end zone. They're gonna, they're going all in with $2 million in bonus bets up for grabs every game day during the NFL playoffs. Here's how it works. Place a $5 pre-game bet on an offensive player to find the end zone. And if they have the longest rushing or receiving TD that day, they're king of the end zone and you win a share of 2 million in bonus bets. Draftking Sportsbook is crowning a king of the end zone. Every NFL game day download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code take. That's code take to compete for a share of $2 million in bonus bets only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction Boyd in Ontario. One token per customer tokens expired the start of the final of NFL game each day when offered. Use token on days longest touchdown score to receive equal share of 2 million in non withdrawal bonus bets that expire in 168 hours. Additional wagering restrictions apply for additional terms or responsible gaming resources. See sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, I'll give you ours. This is Max and I put this together. It is a AJ Brown anytime touchdown over 35 and a half. Dallas Goddard receiving yards. The Philadelphia Eagles to win the game. And Kenneth gain well over nine and a half rushing yards. It's a four Legg parlay and it is plus nine 50 in the DraftKings Sports book. I Like that. How much for Kenny? Kenny? Over nine and a half. Okay. I Like it. We're nine and a half. Hank and I put together Juicy one. Jamir Gibbs anytime Touchdown. Yep. Zach Ertz. Anytime. Touchdown. Yep. Austin Eckler. 25 plus receiving yards. That's plus 800.


Plus 800. I like it. I love it. Love it. Points bonanza. Let's Get some games going boys. So excited. So excited for this. Bill's Ravens. I'm just gonna soak in it. Lay down in it. Yeah, we need to upset Saturday. Okay. For the vibes. Gotcha. For your bets. Alright, let's get to our interviews. We got. Well everyone's been saying this, these Playoffs have sucked. Like oh man. It's just the first round. Either we get upset Saturday, like we're weekends meet Playoffs. Crazy.


Okay, let's get to our interviews. We got Chris Long and then Adam Shefter. We're gonna get to Chris Long in a second, but before we do, he's brought to you by Kevin's Natural Foods. I've got the Siwan chicken right here. It's super easy. Takes about seven minutes. It's nice stir fry. It's a stir fry kit that only takes seven minutes and it's delicious and it's healthy too. You know that you feel your best when you eat well. But life is hectic and it's hard to find a healthy option that's quick and easy. That's where Kevin's Natural Foods comes in. Kevin's is honestly getting the Barcel team through the crazy busy playoff season made with clean, healthy, quality ingredients. Kevin's heat and serve entrees. New stir fry kits are packed with protein and they're ready to eat in just minutes. No prep, no mess. Kevin's entrees are shockingly delicious and they're available in tons of tasty flavors. They got Korean barbecue, cilantro, lime chicken, the stir fry kits even include fresh veggies. My favorite is the Sichuan chicken. It's awesome. I love that they're made with clean, simple ingredients. The whole Barsol team loves them. They really do make a healthy meal possible even on my busiest days. Kick off 2025 with Kevin's and make it your healthiest and tastiest year yet. Find Kevin's Natural Foods in the refrigerated section at your local grocery store.


And now here's Chris Long. Okay, we now welcome on our very, very, very good friend. It is two time Super Bowl champion Chris Long. You can see him on his podcast, which is incredible. Anyone who loves Ball should be watching, listening to the Green Light with Chris Long. He's also doing a bunch of media inside the NFL. He's everywhere. He's everywhere. It is Chris Long. Chris, we wanted you, we we've been trying to get you on for a couple weeks. It was my fault on a lot of the scheduling, but No, no. Well That was kinda my fault too. I was like, oh, I have a procedure I'm going under. Yeah. And then I showed up to the doctor's office, they're like, no, it's just a consultation. Yeah. And you didn't eat for an entire day before.


Yeah dude. Just a mess over here. But it's good to see y all this. Yeah, It's great. First guest in part of my take history. Right? Yeah, I know I was gonna point that out but I didn't wanna toot my own whore. That's that's a big deal. That's fact. Yeah. We're so Bad. Why did you ever come back? Because you guys became really popular. Yeah. Good answer. That's that's a good answer. Good answer. Nine year anniversary coming up. I feel like you Came on part of my take And we were so bad that you were like, I have to start a podcast because these fucking assholes Yeah. Are doing what? I'm Way better. Dude, I just remember it was so fun because like we got my dad on, I like I was doing it on my phone I think, or maybe my laptop. It, it was like 2000 and what, what year was That? 16. Yeah, So we were in the dark ages of technology, but I was doing it in my living room.


My dad came to the door mid-interview and I, I got Howie on the pod and I was like, Hey, it's the guys from Pardon My Take. And he was like, oh cool. It's, it's a podcast that doesn't exist yet. Awesome. Yeah. Right. You're gonna be sorry And now he's been on your show. Yeah. Yeah. And now full circle. Yeah. Alright, so let's talk some ball because you, you know, the NFL better than anyone, you know, play off football better than anyone. I want to go through every game And we, we already taped our preview, the Texans versus the Chiefs. And I have to say we didn't really give a path for the Texans. So I don't know if you see this game differently, but we didn't give a full path for the Texans to win this game. We just kind of were like, Patrick Mahomes is Patrick Mahomes and this is what he does. And especially in the divisional round, I hope it's not a blowout as a fan.


'cause if it is, you're gonna be like, damn, we're gonna have maybe, maybe, sorry PFT maybe two blowouts Saturday Bolt and Bolt. I don't know. I'm hoping that both of 'em are close. Yes. Honestly. But here's the path. The path is now they've got Aziz Al Shaer back who is legitimately a leader for them and patrol in the middle of the field next to nobody's as fast as him at the linebacker position. You also get Christian Harris, they played together for the first time, I think all year last week. So two really good players in the middle. I like the corners. The corners played really well. And also for the Chiefs in that game, like they just got Hollywood Brown back. Right.


And to me that gave them a new look that maybe Houston wasn't ready for. So not saying it's gonna be closed, but the path is if they can take care of the Mahome scrambles, which they didn't in that first game that killed 'em. They can keep it, they can keep it closer. They had a chance in that game. You remember when they got the ball at midfield after Tank Tank Dell got hurt. Yep. And they were all just like, they were crushed. You know, that really, some injuries you can kind of move on from. I felt like that one kind of killed 'em. But they got the ball at midfield with a chance after stopping Kansas City on fourth down to take the lead, I believe. And they weren't ready for the moment. They, they botched a screen. Schultz drops an out and you're like, you know what, this Kansas City team's been here in this game a thousand times.


Houston has not. And I think that was really apparent watching in the first game. We'll see if, if they got better. Yeah. We, We always make the case. 'cause you know, people will say, oh, Kansas City's lucky. And, and you know, they get the flags and all that stuff And we, they don't though. Yeah. We've always been on the side of it's not luck. It's the fact that they've been in all these situations and when you, and, and, and if you make a single mistake, they will pounce on it. And that's the difference between a championship team and a team. That's just a playoff team. That's right. And I think also when you watch like Kansas City's offense and it might be different now, they started to open things up a little bit more. I think part of that is having Joe at tackle, Joe Toney, who makes a big difference. Like that left tackle spot was a evolving door.


They couldn't figure it out. At some point they said, Hey, we'll put a guard out here who's pretty good. He's an all pro at guard, but we'll put him out here because we're gonna prioritize our best player being able to operate. And so I, I think what they were doing to that point was let's get into third and manageable, which they're so good at. If they're in third and three or third and four, you feel like you can't get off the field. And so I think that's the key to the game. If I'm Houston, you kinda say fuck it. Like let's be aggressive early, early downs. Like get 'em behind the sticks a little bit. If they burn us, they burn us. But we'll see. I think the slow start is another, you know, little hopeful nugget for them. You know, the fact that the chiefs haven't played and it feels like a month.


And you know, if you remember the last team to jump them in divisional round off of buy was Houston. It's a totally different team now. But you remember that game coincidentally on the way to New Orleans? That trip we were just talking about? Yeah. Yeah. That's 24. Nothing in the second quarter. I wa I watched her on the plane. Yeah. On on the way to New Orleans. Yeah. And then it wa and then it was like immediately over after that moment. Yeah. So as a defensive end, you were talking about like keeping 'em in the pocket limiting the, the scrambling stuff. How has there ever been like a, a game plan that you've had going into a game where you're like, okay, we've got a great idea of how we need to limit this quarterback and you get like really detailed with your preparation and then you get in the game and it absolutely does not work. Yeah. Like anytime we ever played a running quarterback.


Yeah. Like the coaches, I mean, and now it's more than norm. Like where guys, if you can't move, you're, you're there. There's not many like you. And so I think more guys are like Jay, not many like Jayden Daniels, but where third and short, you know, some element of quarterback run is a threat. And I think with Mahomes it's very, it's very unique because he drifts. If you watch him and it makes playing offensive line firm a little bit difficult, it's like best job in the world. But he might be at nine yards, he might be at 11, he might be at 12, he's gonna step up. So rushing him is not as simple as like, you know, staying down the middle and power rushing a tackle, which can piss a defensive end off when when all weak you hear, we gotta cage this guy.


Right. Which is basically like, we gotta keep him in the pocket. That kind of takes your fastball away. And a lot of times at the end of those games anyways, you get, you get your throat ripped out by, you know, some quarterback that you gave him too long to throw the ball and then the DC is yelling at you like, why didn't you rush 'em? You know, so it's frustrating. And then you'll play guys who do the read option. You see like Lamar, you'd have coaches that would say, Hey, just blow up the mesh. Get both of them. Yeah. Just tackle two guys and that's Physically impossible. Yeah. So, you know, the like just having a running quarterback, you, you allot so much time during the week to things that might not even happen, you know, to scenarios that might not come up and that can take you away from doing the meat and potatoes.


Makes sense. So you sound like you're on the Texans too, right? Well inevitably I'm not gonna bet at like a nine point favorite. That's not fun, right? Yeah. Right. Like yeah, it's a lot of points, you know what I mean? I, I'll probably end up doing something stupid like a teaser or some dumb shit like that. So That's actually not a bad tease. What you would tease 'em down to a point, point and a half. You could tease Kansas City down. Yeah. Yeah. But then that means you probably gotta find a dance partner. And that's probably Detroit. But Vegas knows a lot of teasers. Yeah. Saturday are gonna be just that. So yeah, That's gonna be everyone's, Somebody's gonna keep it close Saturday and I don't know, it could be this team. I don't know. It could be your guys. Yeah. So let's talk about that game. I gave my keys to the game already.


You probably know a little bit better. You're gonna get a little more granular than I did. My keys to the game. Were basically just kill everybody and You said fuck 'em up. Yeah, Fuck 'em up. And then kill every, kill everybody. And then Jaden Daniels To beat the Detroit Lions, you have to be the Detroit Lions. Right. So, and then You gotta go for it every fourth down. Yeah. Right. Which you guys are very good at. I mean, like you were 87% the other night before you got stopped. So it's probably down like 85. But on the season, I, I think the key to this game is y'all gotta get stops in the red zone. Like Detroit's gonna move the ball. Can you, can you get them to be like 2 0 5 in the red zone it, or, or you know, like there was a game last year versus Vegas where they totally shit the bed in the red zone.


Like can you recreate that, that issue for them? I don't know that you can, it's just gonna come down to being aggressive and if Aaron Glenn wants to play so much, man, I actually have a lot of faith in Jayden. You know, you got you. You're probably gonna have to a lot of spy. Right. And you can't take Anoni outta coverage. He's too good. You know, is it Jack Campbell? Is it somebody else? Like, I don't know, but Jayden Daniels with his legs. I kind of feel like we're just, we're just building a path for the underdogs here. Yeah. Yeah. The path for Detroit is bludgeon them. Yeah. You know, like David Montgomery, he's on track to play. Yeah. Crazy. Like It's, it's like nuts. Like this team is so tough.


Everything they've been dealt this year, they've just dealt with it. I mean, and, and, and Dan Campbell, you guys, I, I know you guys love him, but as a football player, the longer he coaches this team, the more I'm impressed with him. Yeah. I mean they really have not flinched all year long. I got a question about the Detroit defense. Yeah. And you can explain this a lot better than we, we know that the green.is important. Alex Andone comes back week 18, he puts a green dot back on What, what, like explain it to us why it's so important and, and how much it can change if you lose the guy who is your defensive captain getting everyone in the right spot. Well look, you get home field advantage, that's a big deal, right? Like it's a big deal for a lot of reasons, but it's really loud in the playoff game at home.


And you talk about communication. Like I remember being in St. Louis And we never played in the playoffs, but there were a hundred instances of me screaming at James LAIs like, what the fuck is the call? Am I stemming like what's happening here? Like there he's like a, he's like a service agent on the phone. Like a bunch of people are calling him at the same time. Like whether it's me, the other D Tackle, somebody needs to call in the secondary, we need to, we need to figure out what that call was tagged with. There's just a ton of like communication issues. But then not only that, like he's a great cover guy, right? And in the NFL now, you know, we kind of went through this thing where like backers not important. Coincidentally running back's not important. They're important again.


But backers are really important. You play, and we're not talking about the commanders so much, but any of these like souped up West coast offenses, like you've gotta have guys in the middle that are rangey and that can cover, I mean like the Eagles, we're gonna talk about them in a second. They lose the dean in a game where, you know, Matt Stafford is gonna be trying to chunk the inter, inter intermediate part of the field all day long. And you see it like when they played Minnesota, Minnesota gives up a lot of chunks in the middle. Having a, a dominant backer in the middle of the field. Like imagine if you have like, I'm not comparing Anzalone, but to illustrate the importance of the position, Fred Warner changes the entire game. Right.


You know, and I think like for the bills, when we get to that game, one thing we'll talk about is they were down three backers Yep. In that first game. So it matters not just having the green dot but having good players in the middle field. Yeah. Do you think any chance the Lions break out the Todd Bulls defense, the double quarterback spy where Todd Todd did that at one point? I've never seen that before. I don't know, I don't know why I, it doesn't really make a whole lot of sense. It didn't work. I don't know why Todd Bulls did a lot of things he did down the stretch. Like I was really disappointed in that Bucks team. Like I kind of, you know when you, when you pick a team to win the division, you kinda get married to 'em and you fall in love with 'em and you justify all their mistakes and you're like, well that wasn't that bad with what they did in Dallas with the season on the line.


Like they're better than that. But in the biggest game they kind of pissed down their leg with procedural stuff. And the point I wanna make is the commanders, they've won a lot of close games this, this year, including that game. I mean what, when they beat Chicago Stevenson was being an idiot when they beat Atlanta, there was bad clock management meant by Raheem Morris. And then last week the bucks with the third and inches with the jet sweep that they drop on the ground. Like there's a lot of teams that have been fucking it up not to take anything away from the commanders in close games. Detroit doesn't do that. Like they're as well coached on both sides of the ball as any team in the league.


Do You, are you worried when you, when you talk about the red zone, obviously I assume that Dan Campbell's gonna keep coaching the way he's coached and anything fourth and four or less he's gonna go for are you in the mindset? 'cause I, I've seen people be like, oh, I can't wait till Dan Campbell fucks this up again in the Playoffs. I've been a big believer in like, dude, he knows what he's doing and it's also not a secret to his team. Like I think when we're sitting on our couch we're like, what is he doing? Yeah. It's gonna be so deflating those guys in the huddle, they know that like what he's going to do. So they're prepared for it if they don't get it. Dude, I think, I think it's twofold. Like number one, the schematic part of it, which is like the plays they're calling on fourth down are working even when they don't execute it.


The plays were there last year. Yeah. In those big moments against San Francisco. It's like Shane Steichen last year with the division on the line giving the ball to Gardner Minsu and throwing the ball in the flat. Right. And everybody second guesses the call, but it's the execution of the call so the the right calls are being made. And I think also you listen to his players after that game, their faith in his way of doing things was unwavering. And so like that's a big part of it. And I I I liken it to like, if you have a, a dad who walks around beating guys up and like if he turns down a fight, you're like, dad, wait, that's not who you are. Right. I feel like every time Dan stares a fourth down in the eyes, like it's like a game of chicken and all his kids are watching and if he turns it down, they all look at him like, what the fuck was that about?


Yeah. And, and this Game is like literally my Dan could beat up your Dan Yeah. My Dad could beat up your Dan. Yeah. And, and and exactly what it is. And from a defensive perspective, like I, I know people will say like, oh the defense must be, you know, deflated when they don't get the fourth down. I feel like the defense knows that what the offense is gonna do, like that's part of it's complimentary that they know you're gonna probably steal a couple and you might have a couple where you get put in a bad field position. Well that, that's what it comes down to for me is like when you play Detroit and being on a defense knowing it's a lot of the reason I think Greg Olson has spoken to this like decisions to force a team to drive the length of the field or have to kick a field goal at the end of the game, like what you do offensively dictates the tone of the next possession.


The tone of a possession where an offense has four downs is uneasy for a defense. Right. You know, like everything you do is different and I think you're always in that mode playing them and it can create a lot of discomfort. That's why I think like early down pressure, you know like when they played Buffalo, the reason Buffalo won that game is 'cause they got 'em off the field like twice in the first half. And if you're to believe that the commanders are gonna beat man coverage and, and run up some points, then all you have to do in this scenario to keep it close is get him off the field once or twice. The way you do that, in my opinion, is time up a, a, a blitz when they're going to play action and get Jared when he turns his back and try to, you know, cook something up on second down, get him in third and 12, get him in second and 13, something like that.


And then you got a shot. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I mean it's gonna be a very tough battle. The lines are obviously a great team. I think Dan Campbell has done a great job playing into the whole macho Man Dan thing and he throws like a lot of red meat out to the press a lot. He, he's like, yeah, I do pushups in the shower. That's where I work out. I is that what he said? Yeah. He said he gets his workouts in when he's in the shower. He says that, you know, he'll bite a knee cap off. We're gonna drag you down, we're gonna drown you. I have you heard that? I think I'm more, I'm more concerned with like walking into the shower, try to get a shower if I'm like the oline coach, I think he and Dan's doing naked pushups in the shower. I think he means like at home that he works so that he works but Not in the communal shower. Yeah. But again, I don't, I don't necessarily buy into everything that he says like that. 'cause I think he does a very good job of playing to this persona and then hoping people underestimate him.


Oh, I'm going. And he's a super smart guy because if you look at how aggressive he is, he actually just goes for it when you're supposed to go for it based on math. So like he, he knows those numbers. He's the guy that like, you know, what you see is what you get. But there's also a totally different element to him as you you just talked about. And like think of who he learned from. Sean Peyton's one of the most aggressive guys in the NFL, like faking a punt last week, stuff like that. The Super Bowl, the onside kick. So he's got that like Sean Peyton edge to him and he's also got the intellect that comes with Sean Peyton's one of the greatest coaches to ever coach in my opinion. And, and he's so ball smart. He got all those situational nuggets from him and then he puts his very physical like caveman edge on it and you kind of, I I liken a team to a Ferrari with mud tires.


Like they, they can do, they can do anything. You go four wheel drive, they can go 200 miles an hour And that's what the Ben Johnson element gives them the offensive line's. Awesome. Everything they do looks the same. It's all in sync. They're incredible. Yeah. Yeah. But they could lose two coordinators. Yeah. Yeah. Good point. They could lose Two coordinators. All right, so Sunday, what's wrong with Jalen Hurtz? What's wrong with the Eagles offense? Well, in, in this scenario I thought it was the game plan. I thought the passing concepts looked like last year. And any Eagles fans know what I'm talking about is like spacing very vanilla, not enough quick game. But I also think the game kind of played out in a way where they knew when they jumped on that football and turned it into six in the first five minutes of the game.


Jordan Love can't hang. He might be dinged. Our defense is, I mean they're physical, they're really good and I think they just kind of played the game out in a way that suited that to be honest. Very shitty game plan right now. They're not gonna be so lucky this week if they do that. In my notes here, I got written down McVay's script versus Philly Slow Starts. Yeah, that is it. You know, like to me, how do you start this game? And I think if you look at the second half, especially that first game, Brandon Fisk is like two 90. He's a great player, love him. Turner great player, love him 2 97, the ends, they're really good rushers, I don't know if they can set an edge for 60 minutes.


And you know, we saw that last game with the interior of that, that defensive line. Landon Dickerson. Jergens Jergens is fucking huge man. You know, he's standing next to the other guys. I was just there last week, he's standing next to the other guys. He looks small but he like a wwe e wrestler. Like he's got that kind of build and you know, the guards are big powerful. The tackles are big and powerful. I I would just lean on these guys. Yeah. And so that's it. The, the concerns I have is like with the dean down, as I alluded to Stafford in the middle of the field, if he's got time, I think there could be some uncomfortable moments in past defense. Yeah. Where, where's your heart at in this game? Chris? This is the Chris Long Bowl.


It is the ri Rims Eagles. My, My heart's with the, my Heart's with the Eagles man it's super weird 'cause you know, playing there the last two years of my career when St. Louis cut me after eight years and moved, it felt to me like, alright well I am a ram and I do feel a lot of pride when I watch like Jared verse play or naco or not Naco d I'm all over the place or Byron Young or the two interior guys I just talked about. I take pride in like, oh there's another group in horns like our D line back in the day. Like there is a sense of pride there and I still talk to people in that organization. I have no bad blood but when the team moves across the country it's just, it doesn't feel like home as much. You don't get out there. And then obviously being a St.


Louis Ram, I'm always real cognizant of like they have Super Bowl parties without the game on. That's how much they hate staying Kronke and, and the LA Rams and the concept of it. And for me, I don't, I don't have that same vitriol but I was actually supposed to go out last week and be legend of the game and of course the game gets moved, forest fires the whole thing. So that got rain checked and then I ended up in Philly. When I go to Philly, man it just feels like home. You know, it's like the most recent thing I did and that that city like what we did there, excuse me. For really enjoying being there. Yeah, it makes sense. Yeah, it makes perfect Sense. And like you walk around that stadium, Bo told a story on our pod this week where like it's legit.


Like the people in the yellow jackets are like wherever you wanna go. And I don't know if they wanna hear that like Dom's like, where, where do you wanna go? Come on boo. He walked me in the locker room supposedly Bo was in there before the game, sat bo down in the coach's locker room, gave him a cannoli. He has like a stack of cannolis in his locker. Big Dom does. That's So awesome. Ah, and And and he just pulled out a cannoli. He is like, Hey, just you and Kelsey just take a seat. Wait Chris will be down here soon. So I just, the feeling you get when you go back, it's hard for me to say my heart's with anybody but the Eagles. But I think it's gonna be a great game. And I think Matt Stafford's one of the best quarterbacks left in the damn playoffs. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Future hall of fame. He looked good last week. He looked kind of shaky in December. But what we saw last week, like my concerns with Matt Stafford, I think they're gone.


Yeah, I agree. I mean him playing outside, that's kind of a different story but yeah. Yeah. He looks so good last week that now I'm like yeah the Ram, the Rams could do it. They're scary man. Like when you, this is the one matchup for them. Like if they can win this game, oh look out. 'cause the one matchup I worried about for them was versus this offensive line in Saquon. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.


Quick break from our interview with Chris. Long talked to you about our friends at Doritos with Patrick Holmes helped Doritos just reveal the top three ads that are still in the running to win the Doritos crashed the Super Bowl we played them on last show. Now it is up to the people to choose which creator will win 1 million and have their submission run as Doritos 25th Super Bowl ad by voting for their favorite fan made ad@doritoscrash.com. Now until January 28th, fans can visit doritos crash.com and cast their vote for who they think is the winning ad. Will it be abduction, barbershop or charades? 11 days left to vote. Vote for the next Super Bowl ad@doritoscrash.com and go get some Doritos. We got the cool ranch here. What is this? Sriracha Golden sriracha. Really good. Just tried those. The cool ranch. The goat chip. The goat chip. So go right now. visit@doritoscrash.com and vote for your favorite ad. And thank you to Doritos. We're gonna eat Doritos every single day 'cause I love Doritos.


Alright, now here's more Chris Long. How, how, how much does we were, we were talking about it when we were doing our preview that we don't probably take into account cold weather enough when it comes to these playoff games. How much does it really suck and who does it suck most for The fast guys Really? I, I think, you know, I, I like we got more meat on our bones and for me as a guy who was like quick athletic but not fast, I always felt like when it got cold, if I could just run the same speed Yeah. Then I was as fast as the other guys. And I just think playoff football's better in the cold. Like I'm one of these outdoor freaks. I agree. Like, you know, I'm watching the Miami Dolphins play and you know, it's complicated for me anyways in Kansas City last year and everybody's like, this is inhumane.


Like people are getting frostbite, they lo people lost limbs. I'm like, hey, that was incredible. Yeah. It's just, there's something about it and yeah, I'm, I'm a little twisted I played football, but where you see people have to adapt to like totally unnatural shit and how they respond. Like, you know, and, and in some ways the best team doesn't always win in that circumstance, but that's what it's about. And football is like reacting to whatever's on the plate that day. And I think it's cool as hell to like turn on TV in January and see smoke coming out of people, people's helmets and shit, you know, to, to see quarterbacks wearing gloves and like, I, I do think it affects the, the fast guys more. I think the, I think the big guys like it.


Yeah. And then we always have our conversations about like, do you wear sleeves? Do you not wear sleeves? That sort of thing. Yeah. Yeah. So is Derrick Henry a big guy or is he a fast guy? I think he's both, yeah. So that's A problem. So he, Unfortunately he's both, I was just looking at Brian Balder's social about, you know, them running Wildcat and it was like all 22 end zone and it was from Pittsburgh's side. So he's the furthest guy from the camera, but he's dwarfing Patrick Queen and Landon Roberts. He looks so unnaturally damn big and he doesn't slow down man. And so yeah, they, they gotta have 11 hats the ball this weekend. Yeah. Cold or Not. Yeah. So the, the bills linebackers, you talked about, it's a big difference from the first time they played.


How, how do they slow down? Derrick Henry? You, You ha you have to commit to, I mean, it's like, listen, I understand last week, I think part of running Lamar is to put something on tape where you're saying early in that game, hey, we're not always gonna give, like he's gonna pull this ball. And that happened at the cost of, you know, eight, 10 quarterback runs in the first half. I would force them to pull the ball in the option. You know, when all things are con considered, like it's 50 50. There are times where I saw Pittsburgh and their linebackers up on the line. It's really hard to have the quarterback, especially Lamar, from a place on the field like that.


You gotta be really careful about where you have your second level defenders popping off to handle the option on the pole. I would be crashing on Derrick Henry and forcing the key to the entire game to run the ball 15 times. Like, you know, the attrition of that, you never know. And so I would force Lamar to run the football. I think obviously you're gonna have to play some base, but you feel a lot better about it. It wasn't just Milano, they were down Bernard, they were down Aryn Johnson. Yep. Who's a really important box player. He is a little guy, but he'll play big. And so, you know, when you, when you run out Specter, Dorian Williams and Morrow, I think it was the play linebacker against the, the, the Baltimore Ravens.


And the first play of the game is a trap for 87 yards. That changes everything. The mood of the game, the tone of the game, how you call the game. It was like Baltimore got whatever they wanted after that. And a lot of it's because they just played a numbers game. If you're gonna stack the box, they're gonna play the numbers game outside. I think Kin's done a great job with the RPOs with screens jet motion. So it's not just a slug fest like you also have to tackle on the perimeter. But if Zays down and Orlovsky pointed this out on ESPN, guy knows Ball He does. I love Dan. Yeah. Okay. But he pointed this out was Zay Flowers down. Not only can you play more man, but the run fits are better off for that.


So I, I think this team's changed a lot. And for Baltimore fans, I'll say this, this is the best team in the playoffs coming in. Yeah. And they played fantastic Down stretch. They've changed a lot too. You know, Hamilton moving to Safety, putting Washington in safety, putting the fire out at safety was huge. I think your guy, Eddie Jackson was there at some point this year. Oh yeah. Yeah. And, and in one of those games it was like, man, the safety play was bad. So they improved that. I think another thing is, you know, that game was one of those games for Buffalo where it became apparent they gotta go get an outside guy to pair with Coleman. And so they get out and, and they get Cooper.


They don't really have a number one, I think their number one is, is Shaki. Agreed. I think he's the most important guy. And he left that game in the second quarter, I believe it was. So he didn't get a full day's work. I'm not making excuses for the bills, but I think even Harbaugh said it like this, you can throw that first matchup out the window and usually you can, I can remember 2018 we're defending the Super Bowl we played. We started four and six And we played down in New Orleans. They beat us like, like rent mules. It was like 47 7. And Peyton didn't let off the gas pedal. Fucking ran the score up And we play 'em a second time. It's a low scoring ball game. And we're a couple big mistakes away from winning that game and going back to the NFC championship.


So things change a lot in three months. Yeah. Yeah. The so, and I also think Sean McDermott's a great defensive coach. Like I think he will, he will figure out something to a wrinkle to throw at the Ravens when you are talking about like a wrinkle, so to speak. Let's even go back week 18, the Vikings in the Lions, it felt like the Lions had a a something they hadn't shown before and they did a great job with Sam. Darn how long, when you go in with a game plan, you're like, we're gonna throw something at them that they haven't seen. How long does it usually last where it's like, you know, until it's like, all right, now they're gonna be able to adjust. Well, if it's one thing, it can, it can, it can be fixed pretty quickly on the sideline, on the tablets.


And usually that was above my pay grade when I was a player. You know, they were usually arguing about it in the linebacker circle or whatever's like, this motion means this, or Hey, they're trying to out leverage us doing this. And you make one adjustment. But I think a lot of the times it can really, that counter punch can knock you off your feet for the entire game. Yeah. Or the halftime. I felt like, I felt like Detroit, you brought that up and the Rams took that same game plan Yep. To play Minnesota. And you know, I think when you watch Minnesota for instance, they knew that like the longer in the down you go, the more dangerous Minnesota is, your zones expand. They find creases, but they also know that, that as good as darn has been statistically against the blitz.


This offensive line was in bad shape. And so I think you come into the game and you're worried about protection, but you don't think they're gonna, they're gonna blitz that much. And I think then you go play LA and it's in the back of your head and this is what makes, you know, what happened to Minnesota. So like it wasn't gonna change. They knew coming into that game, the same thing could happen and they, they didn't call their best game, but it still happened. Right. And so sometimes it's just like, Hey, we got you where we want you And we're gonna find out early in the game if you can block the edges. Like the other night there was a sack on Sam in the first quarter where it was like a sandwich. Yeah. And both of those ends just fucking ran through the tackles.


That's like a, a code red thing. Right. And sometimes you don't know how Brian O'Neill's anchor's gonna hold up. You don't know how the left tackles anchor's gonna hold up. You should have from the first matchup. But yeah, it can really knock you off your feet. That's, That's my favorite, one of my favorite parts about football is like a Sean McDermott can throw a wrinkle in there. You can even steal one possession, kind of going back to like your, you know, the Commander's Lions game. You can get 'em off the field once and a half. That could be the difference. If, if you're, if especially in this game where it's Josh and Lamar who could score every possession if they, if, you know, if they're playing well, I think it could be a a a, a lower scoring game. I don't know, like, you know, I, I think for Buffalo the key's gonna be being able to run the football obviously.


And I think they've done a great job. Both of these teams. You kind of get lost in the shuffle talking about Baltimore, who does a great job, obviously, but Buffalo and shout out to their offensive line coach, Aaron Cromer and that whole group. Like they've done a great job and they were in a lot of gap scheme last week and just kicked the, if you didn't watch the Denver game, and most of us did and I was drunk and tailgating watching, but then when I went back I was like, holy shit. Yeah. It was like, and this is an example like, oh, early and often in the game Vance Joseph probably had to contend with, oh, we can't stop the run. Yeah, yeah. Which puts you in a bind. And I think for Buffalo, what makes them good is, I alluded to them not having a number one.


They really do. And that's why people were doubting Josh's beginning season. He's got a lot of good options, whether it's the tight end, whether it's Shaki, whether it's Coleman, and they're all different. And now you got Cooper and another thing is the backside of the backfield. The backside of the backfield can be a problem in this game. So I would look for that. Yeah. Shout out to Aaron Rumer punched a kid. Yeah. It's interesting he said he doesn't like have a, a true number one, but I, I look at it like he just doesn't have a receiver where everybody is asking why isn't this guy getting enough targets? Right. So, which is nice. It's good. He's got really good options. Like Coleman's been pretty good as a rookie. Yeah. And secure. The more I watch secure, I'm like, yeah, this guy is a legitimate star.


He's awesome. He's awesome. He is awesome. And, and you know, when you look at the Ravens, Hamilton is the guy, you gotta know where he is and it's easier now with them moving him to safety primarily, you know, where he is gonna be. I think this is a game where you could get after Brandon Stevens. Yeah. And not to call somebody out, but like if you're playing the Ravens, you take your chances outside. Whereas last week with the corners they have, they were like, Hey, it's gonna be run game. We'll work the middle of the field. And that's what Josh did this week. It's about outside the numbers. Yeah. So if you're looking at all the coaches still remaining and we're just talking about like during the game, X's os during the game and being a tactician in between the white lines, what's, who is the best coach that's remaining?


Well, I gotta give my respect to Andy Reed, number one. Right. And and part of that is the extension of who you have as your coordinator. He's got Steve Spagnolo, who is a total stud and you know, has turned down opportunities to, to go back and interview as a head coach before. So I put Andy Reed number one. And then number two, I think Sean McVay is a wizard. I really do. I think Sean McVay is one of the best coaches of our generation. I think he is that good. And, and I, I gotta put, I gotta put Dan up there because of his coordinators and his cutting edge kind of decision making end game, Dan Quinn. Yeah, I agree. You know, and then, and then I'm not gonna ignore my boy Siri.


You know, I know that, I know that, that there's a hook here and I got the, the Eagles hat on, but you're asking about tacticians and he doesn't call plays. But I, I just wanna point this out, like, you know, the record is the record and I think anytime you listen to players talking about his way of communicating, motivating, having a team ready to play, he's had some bumps in the road, but he's also like our age dude. Like, not, not to say McVay's not young, but like I think he can grow and he's grown even in this year alone, I think. And hiring Vic Fangio was fantastic. I mean, Vic has been like, you know, you think if you had to take a, a head coaching job tomorrow, like one of us did, we would probably hire a, a former head coach to be on the staff somewhere.


Right? Right. And I think Vic adds a lot in this game and on defensive side of the ball. So I just think it's Reed McVey in that order. And then you, you've got a lot of guys that don't call plays. Harbaugh doesn't call plays Siri doesn't call plays. Dan Quinn's a defensive guy. You know, it's, it's fun to see that defensive guys are back in, in the NFL and like culture guys too. And they're showing up this deep into the season. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It is. I had a question about coaching, because we have a, the coaching, hiring and firing going on right now. When you, you went through a few different coaches with a handful Yeah. With the Rams. What is it like when you're sitting there waiting for the new coach and like, what, what, what are you hoping for and, and, and what happens when, when that new coach gets hired and like how quickly they can maybe change the culture or maybe they don't?


Well, There's two things. Number one, you want, and this isn't the most important thing, num number one, thing's winning, right? But number two thing is like, what kind of scheme do they run? You know, who's gonna be the coordinator? How am I getting along with my new D-line coach? What is the scheme gonna be prohibitive of me? Like taking that jump, like when I was a young player and watching Spags getting hired, I was really excited, but we weren't good enough to turn that thing around. And the thing I didn't think about was like, what kind of defense does he run? Like that's what I should have been thinking about. And that was different. Like, I had to play in a six technique and you know, like the defense was a little bit different than the one I played in the year before. And then when Phish came, you know, I'm like, okay, I'm back in a wide nine.


This is a lot of fun. You start calling players that played for him, you know, or played for him. You know, if you got somebody in a Rolodex, you hit them up, but it, it's usually like, it's like opening a Christmas present, but you have to do it like every week if you're a St. Louis ramp. Right. You know, like it feels like it happens way too much. But by Jeff Fisher, I was like, Hey, whatever happens, happens. And he ended up being like my favorite coach that I had in St. Louis. So, you know. Yeah. I think I had a total of like five or six head coaches if you include like interims and guys that came and went in St. Louis. But, you know, it keeps you hungry if you're on a bad team. And the coaches change all the time because you gotta prove it to the next group.


Yeah. Yeah. That's true. It makes it harder, but it also keeps you hungry. And I Feel like we're right at that, that time in the cycle where s spas is starting to go to, he's gonna get some interviews. People are gonna be interested in having spas as a head coach At some point. I feel like the thing I mentioned, culture guys defense, I mean that's kind of back in vogue and I, I think it some point like things can get stale. It hasn't with him. I think maybe the day Chris Jones moves on, I would consider it. Yeah. But, but I think the interesting job right now that we're talking about is Vegas. I texted Dan the other day, it's kind of wild card, but it's starting to shape up a little bit. The fact that y'all, what'd y'all send a private plane down to pick him up? Yeah.


To come interview in Chicago. Yeah. You know, I don't think it'd be the worst hire in the world. Like I think court of public opinion has eventually come around on, on McCarthy. There's some guys that are never gonna like him, but the players like him. And at the very least I think they have a high floor with him. Yeah. But what that tells me is that Ben Johnson might not be the guy and it makes sense because of the, the GM alignment. Yeah. You know, if you guys have a GM in place, like Ben has made it and Ben's done a really good job, sometimes you can make yourself really valuable, not just by your play calling, but turning down the job last year. It adds a little bit of mystique. Right. Like you're like, I don't put out Yeah. Right, right. Everyone wants you a little more, but Yeah. But you're exactly right.


Like this is gonna be a very interesting test case because if he takes the Raiders job without a se, seemingly without a quarterback, turns down the Jaguars in the Bears. He's basically saying like, you guys should have fired your gm Tom Brady. Yeah. And you should, and you should have fired your gm. You should have given me a shot to bring in my own gm. Like, that was stupid of you. Well, and hopefully you're not kicking yourself. 'cause you know, if he's like as good as people say, say, say he's gonna be like, then maybe you are. But I think what's interesting about the Vegas job is like Mark Davis is not like known to be a cash fluid guy. Yeah. And I hate to talk about me and pf t's a good buddy. Yeah. Good friend. And we met at the win. Yep. By the Koi pond. I Was so high on mushrooms.


I was, I was hey and up. Hey, we had just come from, I don't know where we had come from, but I was like, there he is, let's talk to him. But, but there is a rumor that he's floated like a really big number and if he did that, what a burn the ship's like move that would be, especially considering all the, the coaches that he's had to buy out and you know, I think the Tom Brady effect is real for Ben Johnson. He must really think like this is a valuable thing and he must have been given some assurances along with the fact they, they fired Tom Esco the GM last week. You know, I I think that bodes well for Vegas. But, you know, the most interesting thing is this weekend Tom's gonna be calling that game.


I know. And it's gonna be so funny to hear him try not to talk bad or, you know, like just listen for the dynamic as the game goes on. Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting. Big Cat never said a bad thing about Mike McCarthy before. So I think he's never, he's totally cool with it. He's, He'll be fine. He'll, he'll be good. How Do we, how do we feel about KI you remember we talked midway through the season and you know, you were getting excited off the Jacksonville game. Yeah. And I tried to bring you back down to Earth. Yeah, you did. But I actually, I think he's gonna be okay man. I, I like the kid. It was, I really like the kid the way I'd say it is, like, you can't script a worse set of circumstances and that Yeah. That obviously makes me look stupid. 'cause I said it was the best set of circumstances, which I'm, I'm more on, but I, you know, next year will be very telling because it you, I mean like, he literally went through three ocs, a a head coach change the, the head the interim was his OC for three games.


He looked good. So it was a mess. Hopefully, hopefully the Amron gets figured out. I I, dude, I I, I was impressed with him this year as bad as things were and as bad as he played at times, like I was impressed with his mentality. I was impressed with his toughness. I was impressed with his, his, his just, his like leadership it looked like for young player. Like just the fire in his belly. Like when things were going wrong to, to give a shit. Yeah. Like the winning that game of the end of the season like means nothing. But that meant a lot to him. Right? Absolutely. And so, you know, I I, I look forward to seeing him with somebody competent and you know, we gotta work on like maybe not answering every phone call. Yep. Yep. That was unfortunate. That was very unfor.


I also think he played that off pretty well on the chin. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. That was a good response to it. Rolled with the punches. Yeah. I I've been telling Big Cat that Mike McCarthy, I wanna see it just because it's very funny considering everything Big Cat said in the past about Mike McCarthy Yes. To have him now be the head coach. Yes. That's an interesting dynamic. But I I, when You get him on Yeah, You have to, I'm gonna read Emm gonna read all the tweets. Yeah, I'll read all the tweets. But I, the more I think about it, it is a safe choice. And when you look at his history, he's probably gonna make you a pretty good team. But Caleb, in my opinion, physically has the tools to be special, like an incredible quarterback. Mike McCarthy, if you're looking at him as like a, a high floor play. Yeah.


I, I don't know. I think you can do better. I think that if you really want to maximize what could be a great quarterback, like one of the best, if not the best in the history of your franchise, you kind of should take a shot at that point. Ben Johnson, who would be, Who would be the high floor play? Not Ben, put y'all on the spot. Ben Johnson. Well I know Ben Johnson, but how do we know? Yeah, I think, I think McCarthy is is gonna be good. I don't know if he's gonna be great. Ben Johnson's a swing for the fences. Yeah. It could obviously fail and he A swing for the fences. But there's also like, hey, we have to build that offensive line. That true. You're two tall world running backs have been running behind. And Jared Goff's actually pretty fucking good. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. No he is. And and it's, you're right. Like, you don't get Ben Johnson's offensive line when you get Ben Johnson. That's a pretty big Deal. Yeah. He can he bring the guys with.


Right, right. That's a pretty big deal. What about like Sark? What about like some wild card Todd Monkin? I like Todd Monkin. I don't know. I mean, there's some names out there. It's, it's gonna end up being McCarthy Dabo Dabo. Oh my God. I mean they interviewed Matt Campbell. Alright, I got one last question for you Chris. This has been awesome. Everyone. Like I said, go, go listen to Chris's podcast, Greenlight podcast. They do a great job.


Rollback dot com. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos, hoodies, joggers, shorts, they got new hoodies that are super comfortable. Rollback dot com What Great company not to step on the ad reader. Great company.


Alright. Putting you on the spot. Favorite bet of the weekend? Ooh. Favorite pet of the weekend? Geez. Yeah. Favorite pet of the weekend? Golly. I am on the spot. Huh? I'm gonna bet it. Please don't. Yeah. Favorite pet of the weekend? I I, I went like 55 and 31 picking five a week this week or this year or whatever it was. And I went one in four last week. So it's Okay. Playoffs different, different Game. Can you read me the lines at this point? Yeah. The, the, the chiefs are seven point fa or eight and a half point favorites. Excuse me. The lions are nine and a half point favorites. The bills are one and a half point underdogs and the Eagles are six point favorites.


That's a lot of points in Philly. I know, but you want to do it What, what's the first half Rams line? I mean, I, I'm not gonna say it, I'm not gonna say anything about Philly and the Rams. We can connect the dots based on what Heve already said. You I'm probably gonna, you know, I'm inevitably gonna bet Buffalo like Yeah, it just, you're gonna do it anyways. Why don't we just do it? Yeah, Yeah. Plus one and a half at home. Just Do it Blood oath. We're gonna bet, bet Buffalo. Yep. I am. I know that game's gonna come around 'cause I've said it like I have no idea who's gonna win, but I know when the game is about to kick off and like, yeah, fuck it. Let's go Buffalo. Or you could tease the Buffalo bills. Yep. With The Eagles, the Philadelphia Eagles.


Yeah, I like that one too. Or, and then Yeah. Close to the heart, you know. Yeah. On both. On both things. So I like, I like teasing them with the Chiefs because I feel like chiefs, you tell me that they win by one point or one and a half points. That, that feels like a pretty good chance to take. Yeah, It does feel good, but it's not, it, it would make it so not fun if like you're like trying to celebrate like seeing an upset. Right. And you know, that's, that's the biggest enemy I have betting during the playoffs. Your heart, right? Yeah. I always love seeing the dog. Yeah. You don't Want the guy, you don't want to be the guy who took the, the one seed against the 16 and then like Exactly. UNBC happens. I did that. Yes. And then you can't even, well you, you fucking motherfucker. You want a title the next year?


It doesn't matter. Wait. You bet. Against you Now Tony Bennett's gone. I know, I know. You Bet. Against UNBC. No, What was the big deal? But I was at, I was at a wedding that weekend and it was in, it was like a Baltimore wedding and there were like 10 UMBC people. Oh. At least That's how, that's gotta be the most UMBC people in one room ever. In one room. Ever. And they just happened to be like, at this fucking wedding and I'll never forget, like waking up so hung over the next day and all the people that, that gave me the like, hey, you know, tonight Oh, on the way in they fucking, oh, they didn't even mean it. Oh. And they were right. Oh, that's brutal. I like CJ Stroud over 14 and a half Russian yards. I like that a lot too. Like that as well. Yeah.


Yeah. You know what? Hey shameless plug, you could check it out on, on our show. I'll have my shit together by then. Love it with the gambling it Love it. Because I, because I I it's too early in the week. Okay. I gotta, yeah. Check it Out. Sharps, we wait. Yeah. You know, I've loved watching you on tv Chris, you've been very good on tv. You've worked with Thank you with Coach Belichick. Yeah. What, what's that been like behind the scenes? Dude, he is the funniest motherfucker ever. I mean, he has the advantage of like, surprise because, you know, you don't think of him that way. And even having been coached by him, I knew he was funny in his own dry kind of way. But like the production meetings in the morning, my face hurts from smiling. Yeah. And it's also, he's like, he's like a football dad.


Like, you just wanna follow him around and ask him questions. He's been fun man. You know. And then he took the UNC job the morning he took the UNC job. We were all like, he walks in the production meeting And we're like, coach, oh you know, I'm playing the UNC fight song and he sits down and he is like, you, you believe everything you fucking hear in the media and four. And then four o'clock that day when we all leave, he takes the NC job. So good. So good. Well he hasn't signed the contract. Has not, he's a steel trap dude. Oh, what? He hasn't signed the contract. Technically. Signed the contract. Well, you know, he likes, he likes to make things interesting. Yeah, yeah. Always. Alright, well Chris, you're the best. We'll see you in New Orleans, man. Thank you so much. Dude. Can't wait. Let's get after it, man.


Yes. Love a good time.


Part of my take is sponsored by Better Help. Every year January brings you 365 blank pages waiting to be filled. And 2025, maybe you're ready for a plot twist or maybe there's a part of your story that you've been wanting to revise. Life isn't about resolutions that Fade by February. It's about picking up the pen and becoming the author of your own life. Think of therapy as your editorial partner. It helps you write new chapters and creates the meaningful story that you deserve to live. I've personally experienced growth through therapy in the past. It's helped me get through periods of loss in my life and helped me focus on what's important for me and the things I need to prioritize when things get too hectic. I've really benefited and enjoyed going to Therapy. I think a lot of people out there could also benefit from it. Better Help is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. And serving over 5 million people worldwide, you can access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Write your own story with Better Help. Visit better help.com/pmt today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help HE p.com/pmt


Chris Long is also brought to you by our great friends at Uber Eats. Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food no matter what, what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See the app for details.


And now here's Adam Schefter. Okay, we now welcome on our very, very good friend Adam Schefter. He's PN Insider. Now I just want everyone to know that this is not going to cover our yearly combine tradition where we'll just go backwards into, into the entire year of tweets and stories. This is solely because we need to know what the heck is going on with the NFL coaches, hiring, firing where everyone's going. And I think we have to start in the most intriguing spot. And that's the Dallas Cowboys. And what, lemme start with this. How close was Mike McCarthy to staying and how did that all fall apart, like, you know, in the last couple of days?


Well, before we get to Mike McCarthy and falling apart, first all I have to say that one of the coolest things of my career so far has been to watch my daughter on the Nickelodeon broadcast. Yes, Yes. Introduce you guys. Yes. And make you a part of the, of Bikini Bikini bottom. Right. Yeah. That was pretty Cool. It technically wasn't us, it was Big Catfish and pf Manatee. Yeah. She did A great job though. Appreciate that. She introduced us before she introduced LeBron James. Yeah. I thought that was the correct Order. I should have started with that. You're absolutely right. She, she did a, she did a fantastic job and that was, we were the Leo meme. We were explaining it, we were watching it 'cause we had the main TV was the main broadcast and then one of the side TVs Nickelodeon.


Yeah. And Pft and I both just looked up, we're like, what the heck? And she crushed it. Yeah. Well, you know, the funny thing is, is that was the first game that she's done and she's done four or five games that I haven't been right there with her. I had to be in Bristol on Sunday morning for Sunday count. And I tried to figure out all these ways to get to Houston and there were no late flights out, no early morning flights out. And so my son took her and so I'm sitting there at home like a regular viewer watching her and she pops on the screen. I think her first hit, our very first hit that day was you guys kind of showing you guys at, at the game. So I hope you guys enjoyed the Oh, we loved it. Yeah. Mother's Game at Bikini Bottom. Yeah. And she Did a great job.


You must have been a very proud dad. Yes, Yes. Well, and the great part was sitting with my wife and I know that she's gonna do the post-game interview and I said, yeah, we'll see what it is. I I don't think it'll be Joe Mixon because I just don't think they're gonna do it. Yeah. And they said, let's go down to Dylan Sch standing by with Joe. I'm like, they did it. They Did it. Joe Mixon uses the word ass in hell. And then he Very funny. Alright, so Cowboys. Yeah. Give it to us. What, what happened with Mike McCarthy and then are they gonna actually hire Dion? I I, first of all, I know a lot of people felt like Mike was gonna be back, including myself at one point. Like, okay, the players are coming out and supporting him.


Jerry's coming out and supporting him. He wants to be like it was going that way. But it's one of those things where I guess it's like a couple dating. Well, yeah, they're gonna get married. They're gonna get married, they're gonna, except the guy never gives up the ring. And after a while, at some point in time the woman's like, you know what, either you're gonna gimme the ring or I'm moving on. And I think they sat down and they went over football stuff all week long and it became apparent that jury wasn't committing long term. They never ever gotten to negotiations. They're moving forward with insights and observations about the football team. Now, was there something that was said or done in those few days between the end of the season till the time where both sides said that they part were going their own ways?


I I, I don't think there was, I just think it became apparent over the course of those conversations that the Cowboys weren't entering into negotiations. Like, okay, at what point do you realize like, wow, he's eligible to talk to teams Tuesday at midnight and there's been zero negotiating. Like, we're gonna wait till midnight on Tuesday before you realize he's not gonna be back as the Dallas Cowboys coach or what. Yeah. And I just think it went in that direction and to the point where both sides knew that was the way it was gonna go, and then they memorialized it and made it official. Yeah. Because when they blocked him from doing other interviews, it felt like that's a move that you would make if you were progressing towards a new contract.


Right, right. Yeah. Yes, yes. But, but here's the thing, I I think sometimes you're trying to explain actions that aren't so easily explained with certain people. And also they knew that it wasn't like they were denying him the right to go take the Bear's job. Right. Because in-person interviews can't even occur until after the divisional playoff round. The Bears have been all over the map. And if Mike McCarthy's gonna talk to the Bears, he's gonna be able to do it next week. Whether there's it then or now. I almost feel like it's like, again, to use that dating analogy, you know, okay, the girl wants you to propose you're not propos.


Well, can I go out with No, you can't. But now we clearly you can. Yeah. It's, it applies there too. And so I just think that in the end, ultimately that's what they decide to each side went its own way. And when they said no, you, you didn't know whether that meant that they tro were gonna try to get something done or whether they were just kinda being Dallas. Yeah. And that's what they were doing being Dallas. So who, who, if you had to handicap a 3, 3, 3 names that you could see going to Dallas, who is it? And we're all just intrigued about the, the Dion part of, of, Of course, everybody is. Right. Yeah. And, and I think that, again, we're gonna hear other names come up, but I think Kellen Moore is a logical name because he fits there, knows how it works, can do the job on Jerry's terms wouldn't cost what it would cost to hire Mike Vrabel.


It, it, it fits in so many ways, but then you also have the allure of a guy like Dionne Sanders and I, it's not like Jerry I don't think has to interview Dionne. He knows Dionne and Dionne knows him. Although you'd want to hear his ideas for the program and what he would be thinking going forward. And, and so look, I think Jerry changed his mind a couple of times on McCarthy going along this, and I think it's possible, probably likely that he, like other teams, you go through this process and you think, you know what? I, I think I kinda like this guy. And then you talk to this guy, you're like, well, I like that guy. And then this guy makes up ground. So it's, it's hard to forecast exactly how it's gonna come out.


I would just say like, Kellen Moore Square in contention, Dion Sanders, if that's the way Jerry wants to go square in contention, could we get a guy like Leslie Frazier or Jason Whitten come? Yes. I mean, it's possible, but I I think that Kellen Moore is the logical name and Deion Sanders is the really fun, intriguing name. Yeah. Yeah. And we see those, they go, It's like the two, the two Angel, the Angel and the demon on Jerry Jones's shoulder. The Splash higher is always gonna be in Jerry's mind. He's like, you know, Deion instant excitement for the Dallas Cowboys good for the brand. Kellen Moore makes the most sense.


Well, but, but no, but p ft the splash hire may be the logical hire here. Yeah. The logical hire here. We, you know, we just, I, Dion has got something of the Midas touch. He's, he's incredible around people. I, you know, I think he'd be great. I really do. I, and in fact, again, I said this on Get up this morning, but I go back to this call that I got in October of 2023, GM calls me up and he is like, Hey, write this down. The next head coach of the Dallas Cowboys is gonna be Deion Sanders. I'm like, really? He's like, take it to the bank. I'm like, okay. Why do you say Jerry loves him? He loves Jerry. It's gonna happen. Will it happen? I I we're all waiting to see, it'd be unbelievable for everybody.


Be great for the Cowboys, be great for Dion, be great for shows like yours and this Yeah. Big time. Right. Do do you think God, that Dion would, would want his son to play for the Cowboys if he was gonna be the head coach? I I, I don't view that as a viable option right now. That doesn't mean that at a later date that that couldn't happen. But first of all, Dak Prescott's got a no trade clause in his contract. He's the highest paid player in football. They just paid him. Like, it's not practical to move off Dak and I don't think they're thinking of moving. They want Dak to be there. And by the way, like, are the Titans who have the number one pick where you potentially would've to be to take Shado?


Are they gonna go trade that pick for Dak the highest? I don't know about that. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it, it just, it's, to me, that's more fantasy football. I know, I know Deanna's talked about the fact that he'd want to be with his son. Well, okay. But that would be ideal. But it's not practical right now unless the Titans wanted to do something. So I think it's more along the lines of he's got great respect and affection for Jerry Jones and it's the Dallas Cowboys, and I don't know if he still has his house. I I still think he does. He's had a house in that area. Yep. Yeah, it was the franchise. Like, I mean, it's a no brainer.


So that, that's one that I think could get him to change his mind. Okay. So o other, other spots are the Bears gonna lose out on Ben Johnson. It feels like there was a lot of momentum of Ben Johnson in Chicago and now all the momentum is switched and it's Raiders for Ben Johnson and Mike McCarthy for the Bears. Is that fair? Where, where, where is it, where is it at? I would just say this, that there's a lot of Ben Johnson Raiders talk. Right. A lot of conversation about that. Right. And that may happen, like it could, but I don't think the Jaguars should be dismissed.


Oh. And I don't think the Chicago Bears should be dismissed. Okay. I I really believe that all of them have something of an equal opportunity. I don't believe there's one ahead of the other. And I think there are three potential options and we're gonna see how that goes. Yeah. And, and what, what is it with Ben Johnson? Is it, is it he wants the most money? Is it, you know, obviously the two, the two out of the three of those have quarterbacks that you would think, you know, Caleb Williams and Trevor Lawrence the third has Tom Brady as part of partial owner. What do you think he prioritizes? I think when you're going through one of these job searches, it becomes obvious to you and apparent to you over time who wants you most.


And I don't mean in the form of money you guys have been through this yourselves in your life. Just think back to people who have wanted you and how that became evident to you. And I think that Ben Johnson is gonna be in a situation here where I believe he's gonna be open to any one of these situations. And the landing spot will make itself apparent and evident to him over time through the conversations that either he or his agent have with that particular team. There are drawbacks questions with each one of those openings. He's going to have to get sufficient answers before he proceeds forward.


There's not gonna be a perfect spot, but there's gonna be a good spot in the end. And it's up to him to pick really the best of the, that are out there, that are after him. And, and I think, I really believe right now he doesn't know what that will be. Yeah. But again, it will over time materialize and become clear, you know what, boy, this, this team's, this team is doing what I want in the front office. This team is handling this, the way they're gonna structure this the way they're saying they're gonna, this team's giving me more years. This team's giving me more money. This team is saying, come do this. Like, these things become apparent to you over time.


And I believe the same will be true here of Ben Johnson. And I don't believe there is a favorite right now. Mm. I really don't. Okay. Okay. I like that. What kind of questions, maybe not in the, the sense of the Ben Johnson interviews, but if it's a coach that is not seen as, you know, someone who gets to pick their destination, what kind of questions are asked to a coach, prospective coach during an interview for the head job? You know, I've never been a part of the process, so I don't exactly know, but I know that a lot of that time is spent going over staffing and their visions for the team. And if you're a team like the Jets, I'm sure they're asking, okay, if you come in as the head coach, the gm, what are we doing?


A quarterback, like they wanna know their plans. And by the way, the Jets have asked for permission from basically every candidate out there except for Robert Sala, which at this point in time, I wouldn't be surprised if they turning commission for him at this point. But I, I'd wanna know the ideas of everybody, like, what are you doing? What, what do you think that we should do A quarterback? Yeah. Because somebody may have an idea that you hadn't thought of that can help you at that spot. So I, I've never been a pa I would love to be a fly on the wall in one of these head coaching processes. It, it would be fascinating to see, and again, just like, just like we're talking about the team over time, distinguishing itself and becoming obvious to a guy like Ben Johnson.


I believe the same is true in turn where a candidate distinguishes himself over time and makes it such that that team believes that that guy is the right guy to go get. Yeah. Yeah.


We'll get back to Adam Shefter in a second. He's brought to you by Kevin's Natural Foods. I've got their general SOS chicken right here, one of my favorite meals in the entire world. I love General SOS chicken and Kevin's Natural Foods makes an awesome general SOS chicken, and it only takes seven minutes to prepare. It's easy, it's healthy, and it's super, super tasty. Kevin's natural foods is the perfect alternative to take out. It's just as tasty, but it's faster and it's healthier. The stir fry kit includes the meat, it's got the veggies in there. It's very, very easy to make. Again, seven minutes to make General SO'S chicken. They're heat and eat entrees and stir fry kits are packed with protein and they're ready in under 10 minutes. Kevin's has paleo and keto certified options, so there's something for any lifestyle. If you're big on taste and convenience, Kevin's is a no brainer. You can find Kevin's Natural Foods in the refrigerated section at your local grocery store. The general SOS is delicious. This is the best meal that you can make yourself at home. And it's so fast, so tasty, so easy, and it's healthy. All right. Now here's more. Adam Schefter.


We saw Rex Ryan, your colleague has, has distinguished himself a lot on the airwaves. Is he, is that, is that gonna happen or is that ship sailed? Well, I don't think the ship has sailed. Listen, Rex is so passionate and so confident and he's so unique and I, you know, I love working with the guy so much. I'd love to see him give the chance. I, I told the story to somebody, I'm like, I'm sitting at the kitchen table and the local news comes down and they say, and Rex Ryan's interviewing for the Jets today. And, you know, my wife and daughter, they don't know anything about football. Like Rex Ryan, like, didn't he coach there 10 years ago? I'm like, yeah. They're like, well, didn't, didn't they fire him? Yeah. Well, why are they talking to him now?


I said, well, they haven't been back to an a OC championship game since they fired him. Yeah, right. So Rex knows what's worked in New York. What's succeeded? I would never, I would never underestimate Rex. I'm personally rooting for the guy. But let's see how the process plays itself. I think, I mean, I think a guy like Aaron Glenn is a favorite in New York, and I believe Aaron Glenn is absolutely going to get one of these head coaching jobs, whether it's in New York or New Orleans. So if it happens to be in New York, well that knocks Rex out of the Jets and he doesn't get the job then if it doesn't happen with Aaron. Glenn does Rex come into play? I he's got a lot of friends, a lot of relationships there and, and, and I'd love to see it, although I hate to lose him from ESPN because he's so great to work with, but we'll see how it all plays out.


Hmm. Is there, I I wanna go back to the Cowboys real quick. Is there anything to do with Belichick still possibly looking at the Cowboys? I know people keep bringing this up. Yeah, I know it is lingering out there. I just don't see it. I just don't see it like they, I mean, I'm gonna take Bill at his word. He said we didn't come to North Carolina to leave North Carolina. We came here to be here. He said all kinds of things along those lines. He's in high schools every single day. I don't care that his contract isn't formally signed. I don't care that he's connected to the, here's my question a better one.


Let's do it in basic common sense. Give me a place right now where you believe he fits naturally as a head coach. Go through the openings and I could blow up every one of those places for a different reason. Like there's not even a logical fit for him out there right now. Possibly the Raiders with Tom Brady? No, don't see it. The Cowboy's the only one that comes to mind for me. And I, by the way, I, I I, I understand why people would say that. I don't see it. I think Bill obviously had to be aware that that job could open.


Like he's not an idiot. Everybody knew that McCarthy was in the last year. I'm sure that a close look was taken at that situation. For whatever reason he took the North Carolina job. I just don't see a fit for him with these current openings anywhere. For me, That's one of the things that I, I was looking at when the, the story came out. I think it was Jonathan Jones reported that he has not signed his contract officially at UNC yet. I don't know how common that is. I don't know if it's, if it's one of these things where coaches frequently get to work before signing on the dotted line. I know he signed a term sheet, which is different and it's not legally binding to him. But I mean Bill has signed a, a napkin before and said this is legally binding.


Right. Yeah. Well the way, the way it's been explained to me is they have an offer sheet agreement, which is common as the state of North Carolina works out the details. It's a process there to get a deal finalized. There isn't a gray area, but they have an offer sheet agreement, which is common in that state right now. Got it. Got it. So who would be a good fit for the Raiders? Well, Ben, Ben Johnson I believe they're definitely interested in, you know, whether or not they see that remains very much in question. And then if they don't get Ben Johnson, what do they then do? That's where I think it gets really interesting. Who is their next choice? I don't have an answer for you right now. Like again, they haven't met face-to-face with a lot of these candidates.


Yeah, we could just throw people up at certain spots and talk about it, but I don't know how much that makes sense right now. It Feels like there's maybe too many teams and I count myself as part of this who are just banking on like, well we'll get Ben Johnson's Well, well lemme say this, I, I believe that Ben Johnson is the big domino here. Yeah. And so I think the Raiders are waiting to see what happens with Ben Johnson. I think the bearers are waiting to see what happens with, I think the Jaguars are waiting to see. So right then and there, the process has slowed down. Then we have the NFL and its clunky process slowing it down even more to where no face-to-face interviews are even allowed with coaches under contracts to teams until after this upcoming weekend division or so that slows it down.


I mean, you know, again, it's great to talk about and wonder about and speculate, but this is still really early in the process. Yeah. And there's a lot that's gonna play out and a lot that's still gonna change. Yeah. Lemme ask you this. Is there a possibility that Ben Johnson does what he did last season and just says, I wanna be a line. I don't see it this year, I don't see it. Ben Johnson has turned down two years of opportunities and I don't care who you are in this league, at some point you have to take the plunge. The money is too great, the opportunities are too great. You can't keep turning down jobs year after year.


And again, the lions might be this good again next year. They might be, but this is the NFL. They might not. And if they're not and he doesn't take one, well all of a sudden you're on your coordinator salary as opposed to a head coaching salary of anywhere between, I don't know, 10, 11, $12 million a year. Like there's just too much money to turn it down again. I don't believe it's gonna happen. I believe he's taking a head coaching job this year. You think maybe, maybe Glenn and Ben Johnson a little bit too focused on doing outside interviews, maybe taking their eye of all this weekend. That's Why, that's why you have agents though. That's why you have agents to go over that and gather all the information and find out the answers to the questions while you are coaching the game.


Like that's an agent's job and he presents everything to you boil down so that you can then sit down with your wife and figure out what's best before you're going into it. He, he has an idea of all it. Like we're not oblivious to this. He knows what each organization is about. And by the way, yes, he's getting ready to coach in an incredibly important postseason where the lions can make history and have an unbelievable memorable run for that city. But, but he's a human being. He also is aware that there is a career altering option in front of him. So of course there's gonna be some thought given to that. Is it, is the NFL going to do anything about Tom Brady being an owner of the Raiders and calling that game this weekend and then, and then being able to interview Ben Johnson before?


You know, here's what I say to that. Honestly, like Tom Brady has spoken to Ben Johnson, he'll go through this in the interview. Do do you think he's gonna sit down there this weekend? Well, Ben's getting ready for the biggest game of the season. It'd be like, if you come to Vegas, here's what we're gonna do. And what do you like there? Tom Brady is a professional. Ben Johnson is a professional. They're not doing that this weekend. I know there are sensitive people, but I think you have to be practical about it. What are we talking about? Well, yeah, and it also feels like, I assume I've never been in one of those big production meetings, but aren't there like, like 10 people in there? Correct. So it would be a weird, It'll to Brady if used Brady that time for The raids. It'll be Kevin Burkhart, it'll be all the producers, the directors, Aaron Andrews, Tom, like they're all around there.


So if he does it, we'll find out there will be a leak if He Actually does that, that They wanted me for a glass of wine later to like, do you, do you really think they need to do that? What? Are they gonna go over there that they haven't before or couldn't in the future? Yeah. What do they have to do at that moment that has to get done the night before the commanders play the the lions, like, come on, maybe Tom just flashes him that winning smile and charms him with his eyes. I was getting nervous about it. That could be, that could be. Yeah. I, I was, because I, I think the bears are gonna end up losing out on Ben Johnson to get Mike McCarthy, which it'll be fine. I, I'll just say this Big Cat. Yeah. I don't know how it's gonna go yet, but here's what I would say. He, he may not be a bear.


Absolutely, that's possible. But I would just say right now, at this stage of the process right now, don't lose the faith. Okay. All I like that. Alright, so Chefy, I got one last question for you. This has been awesome. Again, we're gonna do, we'll do our full sit down in Indie, which we always love. Go through All. Yeah. Well, did anything happen this year that there is to go over? I don't know. Well, We'll find few things stuff, few things. We got. We got some stuff. Some beefs


Rollback. Question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com, promo code take.


Please tell me that the NF l's not going to change how the seating works because one season the Vikings won 14 games and had to play on the road. It, it, it's never happened before. I don't see them changing it anytime in the future. The league is always looking at ways to innovate and improve, but I've heard this complaint, remember the year where the Seahawks won the division with a horrible record. It was like 500 and then the Saints had a much better record and had to go to Seattle for the opening wild card game. And that turned out to be the Beast Quake game, where Marshawn Lynch had one of the most memorable runs in NFL history and the sound level in that stadium match a new world record.


The league is intent upon rewarding division winners. I I don't see that changing anytime soon. Okay, Good. Good, good, good. Division should matter. Yes. Now, now, now, now could the league, nobody said this, but I'm, we're just talking out loud logically, could they then say, okay, we're gonna have the division winners host games, and then after that we'll recede. I, I, I don't know, does that even make sense? I maybe, I don't know, but I've never heard any momentum or movement to change the way the playoff seating system works. Okay, Perfect. That's what I wanted to hear. I appreciate that response. Yep. That's the correct response. Alright, well, Cheff de you're the best.


We'll see in, maybe we'll see in New Orleans, but we'll also definitely See in New Orleans. Hold on. How nervous is PFT about Saturday night? Mm. I'm, I'm nervous. I think the Lions have a great team, but they don't have Jaden Daniels, They don't, Period. That's how I feel about itt. Like if we, if we can keep it within, if it's a one score game in the fourth quarter, I think that Jaden Daniels will go out there and do something special and win the game. That's Where he's most dangerous. Right. Six comebacks in the final 10 seconds of games this year. No rookie quarterback ever has done that. He's become like a modern day Joe Montana, John Elway with the ability to improvise and run around guy's been incredible. And one person there said he covers up for a lot of our sins. Yes, yes. He certainly does.


On that note, cliff Kingsbury, is he going to get a, a job offer do you think? And would he accept a head coaching position? Because he said, you know, when he left the Cardinals, like, oh, maybe it's a good thing that I'm not a head coach. You know, that's a lot of stress that he dealt with. Do you think he's gonna get an offer and would he accept I lemme start by saying this. If I'm Cliff Kingsbury and I'm happy Right. I'm in no rush to leave Jayden Daniels. I know I've got arguably the best young player in football on my roster. And so if something materialized and it was ideal and it was great. Sure. I don't know that he's looking to rush back into that world.


Right. He, I think he's still being paid by Arizona. He doesn't have to, it's not gonna impact his bottom line. Any, there's a lot of stress on that. I don't know that he's gonna get one. I don't know that he really wants one. I don't know that he cares about one. I think he cares about playing the Lions right now and we'll see how that process plays itself out. Like I said to me, Ben Johnson, Aaron Glenn getting two of the six openings, now we're down to four openings. You can go try to figure out who those other four guys are gonna be that are gonna fill up those head coaching jobs. One of them is Dallas Wildcard. We'll see how Jerry Jones thinks. Now we're down to three. So we got Brian Flores, we got Joe Brady, we got Liam Cohn, we got Todd Mon Kingsbury.


Yeah. There're a lot of guys and, and again, these guys are under contract. They haven't even met with these teams yet in person. Right. It's hard to say how that's gonna go. Yeah. Alright. Well, chefy, you're the best. We'll see you soon. We really appreciate it. And tell, tell your daughter congrats on a great broadcast and thank you for giving us the respect we deserve. Yes. Going in front of LeBron James In fish form. Yes, yes, Yes. That had, that had to be a career highlight. Like I've never been called out on a, on a on bikini bottom. Slime ca slime time. It Right. It was, it was great. That's, that's big time that that, that I know you guys have done a lot, but that's when you know you've really Arrived. Yes, absolutely. All right. Thanks so much, Shetty. Thanks Guys. See you soon.


Thank You too. Good to see you. Okay, let's wrap up. We got Fyre Fest of the week. Henry. Yeah. Give it to us. Yeah. Good friend, longtime colleague, coworker, collaborator, brother, PFT Commenter, who's in the room with us right now. He's, he's trying to spin a false narrative against me and you kind of Big Cat that, that we don't like v that You don't exist. Oh yeah. And it's, it's, I love VI love V, love V, love v He removed the context from the conversation He did. And he Basically just going around saying, these guys are gay. No, I did.


I did. I didn't. I didn't. It's a witch hunt. I didn't say that at all because I in the moment, p He's leading a gay witch hunt against, This is interesting. 'cause in the moment I, I felt like an outsider because I was the only putting my hand up and saying, I love v It's, we Were talking V Visually. Yeah. Just as itself. Yeah. I think I was on your side. PFT. Thank you Max. I think I was talking about how I like full, full V Pictures. Yeah. Listen, hand up. I'm sorry. I like vaginas. I'm willing to die on that hill. Me too. I know I'm willing to die on. Now I have to like say like, I have to clarify knowing that you and, and, and you got memes in your pocket with the clip army. And it's like, I gotta say I also love vaginas. I do too. Okay, Great. But I also love TNA, But yeah, if we're talking about strictly pictures, which we were like visually.


Yes. Yeah. Like the question is, is is tits or ass? And you would say V that's what your answer. You would Rather have a, a picture of V than T. I I love look. Yeah, they look great. Oh. Oh. I'd rather ask. I'd rather see a picture of T. What would your answer be? T or A? You would say V. No, if you asked me TRA that's a a two part question. It's, it's A or B. How About this, for example, the, I would say, I say T Nice young lady at the Oilers game. You would've preferred her to flash her V. No, because that's different. That's that's way different. No, it is way different. No flashing V in a public setting is, that's a little low class even for me. But the t were, the T was great. I love the T. Yeah. And there's a bunch of people that are using the, the super bad argument of like, oh yeah, I'm gonna say what Jonah Hill said.


So Jonah Hill's character in super bad also had an obsession with drawing dicks everywhere. He loved dick's. Hmm. I don't even remember super bad Where he, where he was like, you ever seen a a v on its own? Not for me. Ah. Yeah. Got it. Listen, Hank, I believe that, that you like v I'm not saying that you're gay. I am saying that I felt like you were saying I was gay for liking vaginas. Well, You made the, the wings analogy, which it's, you said that A is celery, which if you're looking at, you know, the wings, the saw celery, you're ranking a last, What do you mean? Like, if you're talking about a plate of wings, you're, you're like, oh, maybe that Was power Making a wing of plates.


It's blue. It's, it's the wings, it's the sauce, it's the celery last. It might have been a clumsy analogy. Maybe the, the v ribeye steak, a mac and cheese. The T maybe, but We're talking just mashed Potatoes loaded, baked potato twice. Baked potatoes is what it is. That's what the T's are. I don't know. I just didn't, I didn't, I didn't appreciate it. I, I've had people, you know, coming up talk to me and be like, do you, do you don't like V dude? I'm like, no, this is all PFT spin, spin Doctor. No, I'm just saying in the moment I felt like I was a weirdo because I was the only one that said, Hey, I I love V. So do I for the record. Me too. Now. Now you, now you've put me in a spot. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah, I, we all have our preferences.


I'm just a V guy. I like brains. A woman's brains. I like, I I like her soul. Yeah, I agree. I like kind souls. So wait, I'm not talking about feet just To put a bow on it. Gay? No. Oh, V. Okay. V I'm Pro V one. Pro V one. Pro V One. That's what they call You. DD You like D cups? No. No. Oh, not even your own. Sure. Okay. All right. So your Fyre Fest is that everyone thinks that you're gay. I, my Fyre Fest is today in our office, which is against, I don't even know, what's the word, inappropriate.


I had to defend my, my stance on liking vs. Around a bunch of coworkers. Who was attacking you? Yeah. A lot of people Were there. Women. Women, Women. Maybe Rick. It was, it was a, it was a, everyone was getting lunch and I was just like trying to make my lunch just being like, Nope, I love V. So Rick got you this rattled. I think it was the white Boy Rick. I think it was the internet. I think The internet. Yeah, The internet. It was pf t's tweet being like, I don't like V Henry Lockwood. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Let's back up. Because memes posted the clip and then I But you took It out of Context. No, I posted out and I said, fellas, is it gay to like vaginas? And then Hank was like, that's not what I said. Then I directly quoted you.


Right. But that's what we're talking about. Pictures. What was your quote? I don't know. You said it. No, it was your quote. I don't know that I get it turned on by straight V visually. Okay. A picture of it. Yes I do. That's a, we all have differences. Yeah. I don't think a pic a picture of it does. I'd rather see a picture of tits pic pictures. We're talking strictly pictures. That's exactly, that's where the context you were, you were selectively choosing context. I was just quoting you. I'm sorry for Quoting. I go TAV for pictures. Yeah. Not Me. Definitely not me. Yeah. Okay. PFT. Good Fire fest, eh. Great fire fest. I'm glad we cleared that all up.


My, my week's been pretty good. Overall, I would say that my fire fest is mostly something that I realized last week watching football and really in, as the college football playoff began, I, I started to realize this, that there are only like five commercials in the world. Only five commercials exist and I'm sick of all five of them. And I've seen all of them. And the commercials, you basically have your pick of like the State Farm cinematic universe, which includes like Derrick Henry Mahomes, all that stuff. You've got some usually a product with Shaq in it. Yep. Is one of the options that you have. Then you've got flow and just like a lot of insurance out there, there's only like five commercials anymore.


We used to have lots of commercials. Yeah. And you get now They're all gone and you get Cut in these caught in these times where you're like really? You know, we watch a lot of sports but like when you're really like March Madness when you're really watching sports wall to wall and it's like, shit. Yeah. That's it. And that's all you get. And you see them over and over and over. I feel like it's gotten more limited in scope too. Shout out YouTube's tv by the way. The Zen Yeah. Is the best. And I don't, I don't, It actually like cools my brain down. It's really good. And I don't want to sound like I'm talking shit about the NFL or their corporate partners or their messaging. I I respect the NFL's ability to You would never, would never, I would never, never. They Priced out the little Guys. I I used to be racist as fuck until the NFL painted in racism in the end zone. Yep. And so I, I pay attention when Roger Goodell speaks.


Yeah. And I just wanna say constructive feedback. Roger Goodell give us different commercials. Yeah. This shit sucks. I'd agree. I'd agree. Alright. My Fyre Fest is, I, I'm solo doubting this weekend, so I'm, I'm probably gonna miss the Commander's Lion's stream. Apologies. PFT. That's okay. I'm gonna try to be in for the Texans chiefs where I have a little help. But the menu's gonna get, it's gonna get tight. We're gonna do a Tight chicken. Chicken nuggets. Chicken Nuggets and mac and cheese and that it, that's it. And that is it Annie's? Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Gotta hit Annie's Elite Elite. But yeah. What Kind of silverware and and cutlery and plate situation are we working with?


The two older ones use regular plates and silverware. The youngest still uses his hands mostly and plastic plate. Yeah. Because he likes to throw shit everywhere. I would just lay down a Tarp. Yeah. Garbage, garbage bag. I should put. Yeah. I should put a, like a trough out. Are you hoping for like bedtime by the commander's game or are you hoping like halftime I'm going to probably be watching the first half of the Commander's Lions game No sound while we watch Minions on the top tv. So yeah. That will be my reality. But just being honest. But it's only that one game I'll be in on Sunday, all day Sunday.


So, but yeah, I gotta just power through it. But yeah, that's why So if you tune on the stream on Sunday night and I'm not there or I might not even be here for the Saturday afternoon one, I'm gonna try to make it in. That's why. So yeah. Wish me luck. I I got this. Good Luck. I got this. Good luck. We're gonna have the be is gonna be on from Hard Factor. Love that Kate's. Mr. Beav is gonna be there giving me moral support. Mr. Mr be a fellow commanders fan. Yeah. Love that. Also reverse fire fest. I just love everyone in this room and all of our listeners so goddamn much. And we love, that's really just been a tough couple weeks but it's, it's cra I got a little teary-eyed actually last night driving home. 'cause I was just like, it was a nice perspective of being like, damn, you know, it's a scary place, tough place, but there's a lot of people who care a lot about us and it's, it's good to have that moment and then everyone in this room I'd fucking die for.


I take a bullet For That's Yeah, we love it too. That's bad. I know. It's been, it's been a tough few months for you. Yeah, It's a few months. I didn't realize that you lost how much, Like 15 pounds. There's not been eating. Yeah, I literally, and it's not like a, it's not even conscious. It's like lunch happens and I just walk right by it and I'm like, I have no appetite and there's stress. But gotta just, we're we're, we're, we're powering through. I I didn't even tell you this, this is just a funny if we're doing reverse fire fest, this is just an anecdote that's made me laugh since it happened. But I went out to dinner with Stu on Wednesday or Tuesday, just me and him and, and you know, few months ago I was talking about quitting smoking. I have quitting smoking and he also used to be like the biggest pothead of all time.


He has also quit. So we were talking about that and like talking about how like weird dreams and shit. And I was like, you know, do you think you'll ever like start again? He is like, no, I can't like the, his diabetes or whatever it is. He's like, I just can't smoke. Like I can't eat carbs. After he had just eaten like two appetizers, like a massive pasta meal and then ate like half of my chicken parm. Oh. Like I was, he was like, yeah, you know, I just can't eat the carbs. And I was like, Stu, you just fucking wolf down like two a an Italian dinner for three. It's like, he Was like, yeah, you know, I just can't, I can't smoke and I can't do cobs. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. What? It's like the member of the Mitzi picture of him at the barbecue joint, he's like, no, no sugar.


All the barbecue sauce was just are the barbecue. Yeah. Wait Max, you didn't do your fire fest about the bachelor parties? You didn't say it. I didn't say anything. Go ahead. Bachelor parties. Lot of bachelor parties. Yeah, that's basically it. And I also can't, I'm not picking the bachelor party We are. Or bachelor party. Correct. So that's why everyone, the amount of texts that I've gotten from people that I've met like one time six years ago, being like, you have to come to my batch. I, it's never been more of a thing in my entire life and I can't keep track of it all. I guess if you guys wanna do that one, we can do that. I Like, I like giving you the illusion of having a choice, but ultimately we're gonna be the one ones That decide. Correct. But that's why I think we need, I need, I'm putting out a Google form so then it's just organized in one place.


Who's going over the Google form? Not, not me. Not me. I will, Oh, I don't want Hank doing either. I will, I trust Pft. Are you gonna go over the Google form in Vanny Woodhead when he's driving down the street? Vanny Woodhead iss buzzing. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Max shot to Mike. I'll do that. I'll, I'll be In charge. No, we, We I'll in charge of, of the Google doc and as my first act of being in charge, I'd like to delegate that task to Hank. I'm done. Done. You know what Hank I need you to report to me though, and then I'll Report to Max. You know, all we should do is, 'cause you know, we, we have a lot of work. I I think we should delegate the Google doc to one Steven Che. No, he's a Google Doc master. He'll no, but he'll do. He'll like give Max, he'll be like, oh, like, you know, go to Chicago.


No, but he'll get us down to a hundred. True. I honestly haven't seen that many people send us dms. I haven't either. Yeah. I Handful. I'm surprised with the lack of Awls getting married. Yeah. Here and there. I get a couple, Most people are just sending them to me and I just have to say I can't. So keep sending 'em to you. I guess that's What have you gotten like 10? Yeah, That's our way of saying that. What do you think? Five. We would like to see a lot more. What's going on Nate? What's going on here? You Got five bachelor party requests? I've gotten like 5,000. Yeah, I've gotten this shit loaded up. I have two. Alright. Good. Show Boys Football this weekend. Can't wait. Only what, how many games left? Four. It's the final four this weekend.


7, 7, 8. Counting the national championship. Eight games of football left. Enjoy the fuck out of every second. Okay, numbers 5, 3, 11, 17. AJ Brown's gonna have a game 11 Hype video coming out Friday. 100. It's already started. 99 Poke 54, 29 98. Ooh. Hug right on it.


Fuck. Fuck. Love you guys. Also, Shane wants a nickname. Leader in the Clubhouse is Graphics guy. Yeah. Shane has requested a nickname. Shane Wants a Nickname. Yeah, he, he said I'd like a nickname. I've never had a nickname before. So Memes posted a picture of him. I think a pretty UpToDate photo. Would you take like yesterday Of Shane? I have one for you. Tom Ferelli had a great suggestion, which was Graphics guy That good. And That is so far the leading vote editor I suggested Zane. Shane, I have one for you, but we've discussed it. I don't think it would be Poppy. No, let's hear it. You know, which, which one? I'm gonna say I can't say it. Oh, don't, yeah, Why not?


Graphic Sky a lot of votes. Gigi. Love you guys.