
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music.


On today's part of my take, we have NFL Week 10 Picks And Preview. We also have Coach Ron Rivera in studio Awesome time with him. He told us some great stories, including Riverboat Ron, the how that came to be, little John Madden wrinkle in it. We are going to do Fire Fest of the week. We're gonna talk Thursday Night Football. And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NFL season is rolling along and the contenders are separating from the pack. The one thing that hasn't changed this season, DraftKings Sports book and official sports book, partner of the NFL is The number one place to bet touchdowns fade to the corner of the end zone, running back breaks through the line in Gallup 60 yards to score. We don't care how they get 'em, we want to bet on touchdowns and DraftKings the best place to do it. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player scoring a touchdown. Go to the Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's a reason for new customers to do a touchdown dance of their own bet. $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big with the Draftking Sports Book The number one place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus beds expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go. Football guy. My take. Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings. Score big with DraftKings Sports Book, The number one place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Friday, November 8th, and the Bengals might be dead also. Max is on the couch by decree of pug. Max is on the couch. President Pug said that Max should be on the couch. So Max is on the couch. I'm just gonna do bad, bad things here so I can go back to the booth. Oh, you threatening us. What are you gonna do? Look at your phone and not listen. Listen to us. Real bad things. No, Maybe I'll just interrupt. Oh, okay. And be disrespectful. Max became You got, you got scared when you sat down on this couch. I don't like looking at you. There's something about One of those Dog uncomfortable I your Dog that'll bark when there's a fence up. And then they opened the gate. All right. Talk about You need a, you need a pillow in front of your stomach.


I do need A pillow in front Stomach. Yeah. Grab that one right there. There You go. Talk about Thursday night Football. Alright. Thursday night football was incredible. The Bengals, Jamar Chase kills the Ravens in. Holy shit. He had a night. What'd he end up with? 2 52 64. He had 11 receptions. 2 64, 3 touchdowns, three touchdowns with the longest 70 yards. And how do you feel, how do you think that Mike Brown feels about this game? Ah, because he's like, this is awesome. I'm so glad that our team is, is competitive. God damn Jamar Chase is good. Good draft pick by me. But then he's like, ah, shit, I also have to pay the guy. And we lost. Yeah. And we lost. And that's the story because the Bengals, it was basically a repeat of the first time these two teams played where you watch this game and, and the Bengals were up 21 7 and half or right after the half.


And you're like, oh man, the Ravens looked bad. They looked like just kind of discombobulated. They couldn't get any drives going. And then boom, Marlon Humphreys with a great strip and that changed everything. 'cause then the Ravens scored and then they scored again. And it was just, the game was on. And the Ravens are, you can't make mistakes against the Ravens like the Bengals. Again, this is another Joe Burrow has played perfect against the Bengal or the Ravens. And they have no wins to show for it this Year. Yeah. So game one against the Ravens, they lost 41 to 38 tonight. They lost 35 to 34. That's, that's where it's like when another team has your number.


Yeah. Like you played almost to the best of your abilities as a team. And what's crazy is like, I'm, I'm walking away from this Bengals game and I'm thinking the Bengals are one of the best teams in the A ffc. Yeah. And they're probably not gonna make the Playoffs. No. They might not make the playoffs. And, and yeah. Joe Burrow against the Ravens this year has 800 yards and nine touchdowns in one pick. And they just, the thera, you can't make mistakes against the Ravens. That's just how they are. I mean, I, I still, the Ravens defense, obviously Kyle Hamilton going down was very big. 'cause you could, you could feel that, especially with Jamar Chase's like that, that that was incredible. Where, where the Ravens, or sorry, the Bengals go up 28, 21 and then it was like, oh or no.


Yeah. That was, that was the play. Right? That was the 70 yard touchdown pass. The 70 yard touchdown pass to Wallace was No, No, no, no. I'm saying the Bengals when when the Yeah, the Ravens went up 28, 21. They get the two point conversion and it was one place, 70 yards to Jamar Chase. You're like, yeah, the Bengals get like they'll, they're the best team. Jamar. Chase Jamar Chase is the best player ever. He gets faster after he catches the ball. Doesn't he Doesn't even look that Fast. Doesn't I know. But he, he glides and he just glides through everybody and he takes like perfect angles, good understanding of geometry. That's what they've always said about Jamar Chase. Yeah. What a night for the Bengals offense. And they just didn't have enough to stop the Ravens.


And it really was that, it was that fumble. Because if that fumble the game's 21 7 there and you just felt like the Ravens were like fans were booing, guys were yelling stuff. It felt like the Ravens were kind of lost and that fumble sparked everything. And then they scored three to three unanswered touchdowns and you know, end up winning on the last play. Which by the way, there was probably some holding Also. That's, that's why you kicked the extra point there. And you take it to overtime. Yeah. On the road. You don't wanna make mistakes. You're putting a lot of weight on one play. We've always said that. Yeah. Against a superior team. A game. No one thought that you were gonna win at halftime. You take the point there. Yeah. Why are you getting cute with the Zach Taylor?


Yeah, We, if you were watching us on stream in the gambling cave, we were rooting for an extra point because of gambling. But now that we're outta the gambling cave, that was the correct call to go for two. Yeah. A hundred percent. You gotta go for two there. There was a little too much time left. With the Ravens having two. Like, I, I thought the Ravens were gonna win no matter what. Even if the be the Bengals had gotten that two point conversion, there was two timeouts and like 25 seconds left. That was Lamar Jackson gonna just go down the field. Yeah. Lamar finds a way there. Justin Tucker. Yeah. Wash This. It feels like the Ravens might be destined to get into a close playoff game against, I don't know, the Kansas City Chiefs.


Mm. And to get out kicked. Mm. I hope that's not the case, but there's something up with Justin Tucker. There's definitely something up with Justin Tucker. The helmets and the, the uniforms there. I appreciated the homage to color rush. The Thursday night tradition that we used to have in this country when we were proper country. Yeah. That being said, Big Cat, I know that you feel a certain type of way about the Ravens Black uniforms at night. I agree. Well, that, that's their night uniform. It Was just good that the Ravens won this game because if they had lost this game, you could've just pointed to the fact that you handed the game over by not wearing your black uniforms at night. Yeah, that would, that would've been it right there. But yeah, the, the purple it was a little, little candy. Yes, I do like that they tried something different.


I would rather them just go with the black uniforms at night because those are unstoppable. Max, what were your thoughts about the game? I had nothing. Okay. Yep. They're, they're having a great time. I know Boots right now laughing. I could hear, I could hear meme through the soundproof booth. I don't think I've seen, that was crazy. I don't think I've seen Hank smile this wide. No, in a long time. Max. Gimme your breakdown. Dude. I Got horrible. I got horrible takes. It's a sports podcast. I got nothing. I shouldn't be here. I don't like looking at you. You're intimidated. So intimidated. I'm not ready for the bright lights. You're not ready for the bright lights. Pug, are you, are you think this is works? Should we keep this as a a, should we keep 'em in here for Fire Fest? No, I Don't know.


We're gonna kick him out for weekend preview because Kick me out. No, don't listen to Hank. I think We need a little longer to test it out. Alright, so, so we can confirm. Alright. Alright. So we're gonna kick you out for weekend preview and then when we do Fire Fest, you'll be back on the couch. That's fair, Max. Just participate in the podcast for one second. Did you like the football game tonight? Football, Football. Football, Football. Alright, so realistically I need to be kicked out. I should be kicked out. I thought it was a great game. Great Thursday. Football game. Offensive explosion. Fun to watch. You love sports when you're in that booth. Yeah. I fucking love Sports.


Okay, so looking at the schedule, the Bengals have to win. They can lose maybe one more game. I don't even know if they can lose one more game. I don't know. They, They, they, if they lose one more game, they're very close to being eliminated because that would be nine and seven would be the best. Or no, sorry, they could lose one more game. 'cause 10 and seven maybe 10 and seven. So here's what their schedule is at the Chargers. Not an easy game. Harbaugh Bowl, Steelers at home Cowboys Dak will still be out 'cause he's on ir, right. Titans, Browns, Broncos, Steelers You're talking about, you're talking about the Bengal schedule, right?


The Bengal schedule. Yeah. Yeah. They Not the Harbaugh Bowl. Oh, sorry. Not the Harbaugh Bowl. You're right. They play later. That's, I was confused. But they do have the, I thought the Harbaugh Bowl was later. They do have the opportunity. Yeah. To, let's see, with they lost one Harbaugh. Yeah. So that means that they might Beat they'll win. They're gonna beat the other Harbaugh. They'll beat the other Harbaugh. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. So I think they could, I'm never gonna give up on the Bengals. I don't know. It's a sickness at this point. We've done the, I'm not gonna give up on Joe Burrow. We've done The look ahead at their schedule, I think Every single week. I think we started doing it after they beat the Panthers in week four. This was the, this was the game though that we circled. It's like you win this game, you're back to 500 now you have some wiggle room.


Now you can, you can, you know, realistically lose two games. Finish 10 and seven, get in the playoffs. I, yeah, they have to, they they can take one more loss on the season and listen, I I think they could do it. If they can beat the Chargers, I think they can do it. It's crazy to say, I think they might be able to do It. Two, two games against the Steelers. Cal Cowboys is a win. Titans should be a win. Browns Broncos at home. Those should be wins. So it's basically comes down to two games against the Steelers and a game against the Chargers. Can you go two in one in those games Also? Cooper Rush though. Can you go two in one in those games?


And the Ravens now? I mean they're, yeah, they're just really good. I I, I didn't understand Jerry was saying that he was wanting the Bengals to lose so they would just get outta the picture. I understood what he was saying because if you're, if you're a, a fan of a team that has like a bitter rival like Pittsburgh does with Baltimore, I know that Cincinnati's been in that equation recently. But he would much rather focus all of his energy as a fan on one team to hate, as opposed to spreading out to two teams to concentrate. I'd rather take the two game lead. That's a lot of people for Jerry to have to wish injury on. If there's two teams that he has to, I'd rather take the two game lead because it would, the Bengals were never gonna be like a threat to win the a FC North.


They were gonna be a threat to get in a wild card. The Ravens are now seven and three. Yep. You know, it's not the, that that's gonna be a fight in the a FC North. And they have to, I think the Steelers and Ravens still have to play two times. So I, I would've, I would've felt the same way. But Jerry is, he's a different bird. So he wants to be able to just focus on one enemy. It's Gonna be, Man, I'm, is it crazy that I'm like already so excited for the playoffs because I'm just looking at the a FC playoffs and it's just that, that chief's bills. Ravens not even talking about the Steelers and texts. Like, ah, man, I think it some good teams. I think we're just amped up from a good football game. Yeah. I take this as a, as a harbinger of things to come for this weekend. Set the tone when Thursday night kicks off and it's an awesome game.


You know, that Sunday's gonna bring it. Yeah. Set the tone. Okay. Max, any last thoughts? The Eagles beat the shit outta the Bengals. Oh, okay. That's my thoughts. That's good. All right, let's kick it to ourselves. We're gonna have Hank come back on the couch for the weekend preview and then we have Ron Rivera and then we'll do Fire Fest with Max back on the couch.


Weekend preview. Brought to you by our friends at Gametime football season is here And we can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime picks feature. They're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime picks filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. I was looking at tickets, Patriots and Bears play this weekend at Soldier Field. Hank, You can get in for under $200. 176 I'm seeing is the cheapest. Gonna be a huge game. Huge nice weather. A lot of people in Chicago will be going out thanks to Gametime. So Gametime picks deals for great seats only on Gametime. Just pull up your chosen event, turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen, or browse the best local Gametime picks deal near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? I'm gonna buy those tickets to Soldier Field. Watch the Bears Patriots Sunday now with Gametime. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT easily score great deals with the new Gametime picks. What time is it? Gametime?


We're also brought to you by our friends at Chevy. Listen, there's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take. There's only one pickup truck, the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado's a partner. A partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds. A Pardon My Take. Jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year, year Grit Week Silverado helped us give fullbacks recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And this year Silverado was out west with us for our latest grit week. Silverado brings a grit to legendary grit, paired with modern truck tech inside and out massive screens. Up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com, build your own Silverado or Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy Silverado.


Okay, boys, week 10. I'm not gonna say it PFD but don't say but it's week 10. Don't say, I know we all know what that entails, but I just don't. I like to live in denial. Week 10. Let's start. We got, we we're going back abroad Giants at Panthers in Germany. Oh boy. Oh boy. So Are we gonna boycott this game or not? Yes. 'cause if you're mad at the NFL for anything, you can say that you're gonna boycott the games. It's been going back since like 2010 that people have been like, oh, I don't like this happened. I'm gonna boycott. This is the actual time when you could possibly boycott a game. Yes. Where they would, you could have the lowest ratings of all time at any football game.


Yeah. I I'm gonna keep an eye on it. I think here's my plan. I'm gonna wake up and I'm gonna turn it on and then I'm going to stay in bed and then just kinda let whatever happens happens. Okay. If, if I That sounds like you're gonna watch it, I'm probably gonna watch it. Yeah. I'm gonna keep an eye on it. I'm gonna be with my kids so I'll probably, you know, have the phone in my hand. Watch it. It's gonna be bad. I actually think the Giants are gonna win. Do you know the Giants are leading the league in Sacks 35? Yeah. They're Defensive line. Very good. Yeah. Here, here's a crazy stat about the Giants they're favorite in this game. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. That's a crazy step because they haven't been favored since week two of last season.


Yeah. 24 straight games. 24 straight games where they've been underdogs. And week two last season they beat the Cardinals 31 to 28 as four and a half point road favorites. It's Crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Wild Ride for the, for the Giants. I, Chubb Hubbard just got reigned. Good for him. I just, I don't, the Giants are also the best international team. They're three and oh all time international. That's interesting. So I, I like the Giants in this game just because I'm gonna bet it because it's gonna be on and they're defense is actually good. And that's really the only thing you can point to. I mean, Daniel Jones, maybe he's gonna run more, Maybe he'll get more than one yard passing. Yeah. In the first half.


I think he's gonna run. And I also think he could pass in this game too. Yeah. 'cause the, the Panthers pass defense absolutely stinks. Yeah. They get no pass rush whatsoever. If you're gonna get a good game outta Daniel Jones, it's gonna be this one. Yeah. Did you know, so, so we had the idea of the Trooper Bowl last week is obviously two two win win teams. So, we'll, we'll figure out, maybe this is like a, a play-in game for the Trooper Bowl. Did you know that they used to play a third and fourth gate place game in the NFL? Yeah. It's awesome. Called the Playoff Bowl, also known as the Burt Bell Benefit Bowl. I love that. And the Lions are the best team ever in the, in the Burt Bell Benefit Bowl. They were three and oh all time. And apparently Vince Lombardi hated it so much.


He used it as motivation to like get to the Super Bowl being like, you don't want to have to fucking go play in this game. You Wanna play in the losers game. No, But I wish they had bring, bring this back like a FFC NFC championship game week before. Just play a third place game. I mean, that would make the Pro Bowl look like playoff speed. Yeah. The third and fourth place teams that definitely don't wanna be there. And it also would just be like, we get a definitive answer. You were, how close were you to winning a Super Bowl? Right. You could probably say if one team beats the other team by significant margin in the bur the Burt Bud Bell benefit bowl, the bur Bell benefit bowl. Yeah. If one team blows the other one out, then you could see those results and be like, well we would've beaten that team. So really the NFC championship game was the Super Bowl.


Yeah. It also is partially responsible for the Dolphins becoming a franchise. 'cause they used to play in Miami, so, and they're like, Hey, we should get a team here. Kind of cool. Yeah. Yeah. The Burt Bell Benefit Bowl. Burt Bell was the fifth NFL Commissioner if anyone's wondering. Oh, I was, I was wondering, He introduced competitive parody into the NFL to improve the league's commercial viability and promote its popularity. I it sounds like just some mumbo jump marketing to throw in a resume. Yeah. Yeah. Marketing was, they came up with that one. I I think He introduced competitive parody means, Hey we should, these games should be better. Yeah. Yeah. I would not The best players. Yeah. They stop, stop letting the teams just draft players from their region so we can make some of these teams better.


Would You want to have a, a third place game named after you? No, I don't think I would. Definitely Not, but it is a good name per bell and Yeah. Lombardi used to call it the shit bowl now a losers bowl for Losers. Okay. So what they should actually do though is they should do the, the last team, the team that's slated at number one in the draft Yes. Against the team that slot it Number two in the draft. I agree with that. And have them play. And then the winner of that would get the number one overall draft pick. I agree with that. That would be very fun. But yeah, the Burt Bell benefit Bowl. Okay, let's do the regular slate. Start with bills at cults. We don't know Keon Coleman might be banged up. Amari Cooper obviously missed last week.


He might miss again. The Cols didn't reach the red zone last week against the Vikings. That's not Good. Not good. I weirdly think this might be a good spot for the Colts. So I was thinking about Jonathan Taylor because the last time they played, I think Taylor had 185 yards and five touchdowns. O Now you look at the quarterback and they're gonna go with Flacco. They're gonna stick with Flaco under Flacco. Taylor has 29 rushes for 106 yards. Yep. 3.6 yards per carry. Yep. Under Richardson, he's got 76 rushes for 396 yards, 5.2 yards per carry.


Which makes sense. It does. He's he's a much, much more efficient running back. Anthony Richardson opens, opens everything up. You gotta be worried about him running as Well. So what they have to do is they have to get flaco on the move early. Yeah. Do do like a little RPO with Flaco and just make the defense think that maybe Joe Flacco's gonna run at some point during the game. And then Jonathan Taylor will be much better. I I like the cults in this game simply because when you make the switch to Joe Flaco, you're essentially saying we have to make the Playoffs this year. Yeah. Because you wouldn't make it otherwise. So you're like, Hey, we're making the switch. We're gonna try to get to the playoffs this year. This is a must win for the cults. Also kind of a weird spot for the bills and the fact they just played the Dolphins at home. They essentially wrapped up the A FC East and they have the Chiefs on deck.


So I don't, I don't think the cults are better than the bills, but I just, I don't know. Plus four feels like a game. Maybe the cults maybe Hungry Dog do Have you decided on the Hungry Dog? I haven't decided, But I was not thinking cults cults. Although it, if Anthony Richardson plays, Oh, you want Anthony Richardson that Boosted up? Yeah. Okay. So I think that the cults are gonna be able to run the ball. The, I mean not be, no matter who's quarterback it's bad. It's a bad, bad stat to have from a game. Yeah. You don't even get close to really scoring a touchdown or even like a good look at the end zone and To your Drake may point from earlier in the year. It's like, just play 'em. Why if you're, if you have them, yeah. Play 'em. I agree. Well, they're trying to make the play, But you can't even get in the red zone. Yeah, no.


So play your, you know, future. The thing about the Colts is if they are trying to get to the Playoffs, they're, they're like the perfectly average team in the NFL. I think that they can beat any bad team. I think that they can, they can compete against good teams too. They can lose by one score to most teams in the NFL. But the, like the position you have yourself in with Joe Flaco starting is you're going to just sell out to make the playoffs as potentially the last seed in the playoffs and probably lose in the first round. Correct. Which will make your draft pick so much worse. Correct. If you had just played Anthony Richardson. Yeah. Makes no sense. Yeah. What, what's the best case scenario for Flacco? The Only thing it would've made sense if they traded Anthony Richardson.


Yeah. Because then it would be like, yeah, we're done and we're, we're fully done. From my friends at Sports Info Solutions, if the Colts do go too high, trying to limit Josh Allen's passing the bills are the best running team against too high. And the cults are the worst defensively in that formation. So maybe some James Cook overs. Okay. Just Something to think about. Just putting a little nugget in your head. I also had this one Jordan Phillips on the bills this week said he's an acquired taste and they like how I taste talking about the bills. Okay, so The bills. What do you guys, what do you guys think you taste like? No comment.


I don't Think I taste good. No, I can't grease. How, how much pineapple have I had that Day? Cheetos. Maybe some Cheetos. Yeah. I'm salty. Yeah. Salty and sweet. But that's a very funny quote to say. I'm an acquired taste and they like how I taste. So how long has he been on the bills? How long does that mean that they hated him? I think he's just an acquired taste. He's just someone who, you know, it takes a, takes a while to get used to this type of taste. And he's been on the bills this year, just This year. So since they like how he taste that Or Actually he was was he traded this year? He was traded this Year. That's where the acquired comes from. He's got the acquired taste. They Literally acquired him. Yeah. They acquired the taste. Oh no. He's been on the bills multiple times. I'm, I'm sorry. He's been on the bills three different times.


So they must just keep wanting to come back for the taste. They Keep acquiring him. Yeah. Over And over again. He's gone. Dolphins, bills, Cardinals Bills giants, Cowboys bills. Yeah. He's like mallor. They can't get rid, they can't, they can't stop thinking about the taste of Jordan Phillips. Yeah. Well what They get a taste of him and then they're like, I'm never tasting this again. The after taste, never, never drinking again. Yeah. And then a year later they're like, ah, I might as well take one more Shot. Yeah. He was released right before the trade deadline and the bills picked him back up. So Yeah. They, they just keep coming back For more tastes. So what are we gonna do about the tickets this weekend? Bills at Colts. We got two Colts tickets. What about Colts fans? First person to send a video of them throwing somebody through a table. Mm.


Or getting thrown through a table or Pit. Just find a, find a pit somewhere. Pit. Find A pit. What about just a Colts fan? If we have maybe a Colts fan who also is a Josh Allen fan, how they would prove that? I don't know. Mm. Maybe if they have a Josh Allen Jersey Colts fan. Colts fan with a horse. Colts fan with a horse. Oh, I like, like that. Yeah. I like that. If you can find or just really a picture of you riding a horse. Ah, What about a Colts fan with a Buffalo? Yeah. If there's any out there That gets number one backup is gonna be Colts fan with a horse. With A horse, yeah. You'll get two tickets to the game. Okay. Next game. Hank Patriots at Bears.


I think the Bears could lose this game. I don't want that to happen. I'm going to bet this will not be in the Hunger Dog. I'm going to place a large Wait. You control the, I know I'm saying I'm, I'm gonna you're Gonna bet that it's not in the Hungry dog. You decide the hungry Dog. No, it's not. I said it's not gonna be in the Hungry Dog. Period. I'm going to bet Big Patriots plus six. Okay. Okay. Got it. Because then I think the Patriots can keep it close. Cover that. But I, I don't want, I like, I, I hope the Bears show up in the, and I'm, I'm wrong about them quitting the DJ Moore Fallout has been weird even more. He came, he did a, he did an interview and was like, yeah, I got injured on that play.


Still lot of smoke there. Yeah. They were asking about losing the locker room and he was kind of non-committal about that. He said he doesn't wanna say that. Yeah. Which means that he wants to say it. Yeah, he does. He wants to say it bear's getting a little bit healthier on the offensive line. I think Montez Sweat will be back. I think think Gordon will be back. I, I don't know. I just, they gotta win this game by three touchdowns for me to feel anything, three Touchdowns For me to feel like Excited about it. 'cause next week is Packers and the onslaught of the NFC North. So I know what's coming. They have to look so good that I have no choice but to say the Bears are back and I feel really good about the rest of The season.


On the flip side, is there, what percentage hope or like desire is there for the Patriots to win by like three touchdowns and Hebert Flus has gone, They've never fired a coach Midseason. So what? Zero, 12 low percentage. If I thought they, if I thought there was a chance they would fire him, that would be a nice consolation prize after loss Aren't though. I'm, I'm, I'm hearing there rumblings, but there's bl IBLs in the street. There's been rumblings before and it just doesn't, it doesn't, they don't. They're cheap. Are The rumblings in the room with you right now? Because I feel like the rumbling I'm In the streets. No, I mean, I just bl I've heard the rumbling people in the streets. BLS I'll be driving down the street and people stop my car and say, Hey, The rumbling. I, I think there are from people that talk into a microphone for a living. He's, they want him fired.


He's saying the rumblings are coming outta my mouth. Mm. Yeah. Which They are, but they're also not because he's not gonna get fired Mid Sea. But that would be the smart thing. It'd if, if they lost this game, it would be smart for the Bears to move on from Matt Fleece and then get a jumpstart on whoever's gonna be next. Which that will be a disaster in its own right. I'm guessing it's not possible to hire a coach who's under contract for another team in the middle of the season. Mike Vrabel. Mike Vrabel, he's out there. Listen, he's A consultant. Mike Vrabel is an independent contractor right now. I would love the Bears hire Mike Vrabel. I don't think they'd hire Mike Vrabel. I don't think they'll ever hire an Alpha who is bigger than the organization ever since dka. That just won't happen. They're just gonna find, hire someone.


Meek and Shefter has just been on an assault train. He said that Ben Johnson is, if he's like, if there's eight interview openings, Ben Johnson will not talk to all eight. Whoever he talks to is someone that he's expecting to take the job, essentially saying he's not gonna go to the Bears. Okay. So I know why you would think that, but I also saw no less than three different franchises thinking that that was about them. Who Else? So I saw the Jaguars. That probably is about them Thinking that it was about them as well. But it could be. But that was kinda what Schefter was saying. Yeah. He was saying there could be eight openings and Ben Johnson could only take two interviews. Yeah. And then I saw the Jets thinking that Adam Shefter was talking About probably about them as well.


So he is sending a message to All the dysfunctional franchises. Don't, you don't get your hopes up. This guy is, has the pick of the litter and he's not gonna go somewhere where he thinks he can fail. I, I counterpoint. You got Caleb Williams. Yeah. Right. Like any other Fran I guess you could say that's same thing for, for the Jaguars. They have Trevor Lawrence who would probably be an interesting project for like a good offensive mine. Aaron Rogers would be the same way, but he's old. They've taken the fight outta me. I don't know what to say. Yeah. Taken the fight out of me. So there's, there's no bad blood between you and Hank right now? No, I have no fight left. This is the game to recharge my fight. Yeah. If they win this game convincingly, my fight will be recharged for the Packers.


If they squeak out a win or lose this game, I will continue to have no fight. I have A question for the producers as a part of my take. Yes. From a production standpoint and a numbers standpoint, what is the optimal outcome for this game? Is it for, for Hank's Patriots to just crush Big Cat's dreams? Yes. Or or is it For Oh thanks me, Big Cat or is it for Big Cat? No. To beat the fuck outta Hank and talk all the shit to 'em? No, I'm not even gonna talk shit because I do, I I don't, I think this season is just fucked up beyond belief. Fubar. I want, I I need, I need you to be excited for The Packers. Yeah. That's what, that's, that's, that's what the sickos are wanting for. I want want you to win by 14. I don't if the, if The Sickos and perverts are rooting for a Bear's resounding victory because knowing how my brain works and how reactionary I am, I will get myself hyped to be like, we're gonna beat the Packers.


Do you want me to tell you what I really want, what I want to make a remake of the, of the last year. What Remember that, that that clip that we made of you going back and forth on whether You Yeah. That's what's gonna happen. I know that's no, that's gonna happen. I mean, it is, it's a week-to-week league for me. Yeah. Although this year it's not been a rollercoaster. It's been a, like, it's been, it's been like the first part of a rollercoaster. I just went up, up, up and then straight down. It hasn't been back up. No. We could get some clips from that Titans game. No, because I was like, I mean we won that game. Yeah. But middle of the Game. We were, but I still was, I still was staying positive. It was week one. You need for the clip to actually work. Yeah. I need to go back up. I'm, there was a little bit of going down Now in the Jaguars game.


There was a little bit of up No, I'm saying, I I'm saying the season has been like a little steady up, up, up, up. And now it's going down. We for Max to make the clip, he needs me to go back up again. Yeah. Because otherwise it's just gonna be me. It's just one clip of me going up and then just straight down. Correct. Yeah. So you need a, you need a big win and me to be excited about the Packers. Yeah. That's, then we lose to the Packers and I'm back down. Yeah. But I'm not, I'm not allowing my, I'll say 14 Actually. Hmm. 17. I'll say se I'll settle for 17. 17 will be hopes up. 17 will be hopes Up longest home winning streak in the NFL.


Yeah. Nine games. Can't win on the road. Can't win on the road. Okay. Next game. Broncos chiefs, chiefs are plus 56 point differential, which is the lowest for an undefeated team through eight games. Interesting. So there are 25 teams since 1979. That started the season eight. And Oh, if you go off DVOA the chiefs would be 18th. So they'd be kind of in the middle Yeah. On that one. But I still think they're the best team and not name the Lions. Yeah. If they, if they had to score 40 points a game to win some of these games, they probably would be able to figure out a way somehow to different. Right. If they have to have a third down, they'll get a third down. Yeah. I'm very curious to see how Bo Nicks bounces back and if the Broncos, 'cause we, that was the step up in class last week.


They got smoked. I I do think you're never as bad as you were the week before. So maybe we get a good Broncos performance here. I, the only thing that is making me want to hank maybe go bow Nicks in the Hungry Dog. That I don't know. Okay. The only thing that's, that was, that was, that was hard last week. The only thing that's making me think that is the Chiefs I believe are eight point favorites right now. How many people conservatively in America are gonna tease the Chiefs? All of them. Yeah. Everyone's looking at and being like, all right, tease the chiefs. Find another leg. Good to go. That's, that's the only thing that's making me think maybe the Broncos have a chance in this game, which is a dumb logic thing.


And also not in any type of analysis that is worth anything. Also The Broncos defense plays well against the Chiefs. They do, Last year they played 'em, they played really well. Both games. Both games. The defense was awesome against the Chiefs. Yeah, you're right. Could Just do a hungry horse. Okay. Colt Broncos. Colts. Yeah. Okay. You Said you like the Colts. It's a good spot for them. Something to think about. Something to think about. I also, I mean I have stats for the Chiefs, the from Sports San Info Solutions Spas, defense brings extra rushers a lot and the chiefs are 10 top 10 in success rate when bringing extra rushers in the Broncos offense is bottom 10.


So if they blitz bow Nicks, it could be a long day. Yeah. Bow Nicks man. There's something about 'em. I feel like if the defense can play good, I, having Bo Nicks be the first person to beat Patrick Mahomes this season would be like a perfect Bo Nick thing. Oh, it would be so great. It'd be so great. But I, I don't think it's gonna happen, but we'll see. Okay. Next up game. I'm very excited to talk about ready for this Inc. Game. I'm very excited to talk about what game do you think I'm gonna say Falcon Saints? Yes. Ugh, that's exactly what I was gonna say. That's a lie. It's not a lie. I've done my research on Darren Rizzie and I think I'm gonna take the Saints. So I I've done some too. What did you pull up?


Alright, So I got a few Foster Moreau said that for those of you that know Darren Rizzi, he's an unbelievable leader of men. Also Darren Rizzi changed the layout of the locker room. Yep. So he got all the position groups together, which It makes you wonder why the position groups weren't together to begin with. They said maybe A Covid thing. It Was a covid thing. So during Covid they spaced, they mixed up all the position groups so that way you couldn't have like hypothetically Blake Bortel coming in to play for your team. And then he gets the entire quarterback room set. Yes. Yes. He might just be sitting next to like a, a backup tight end or something. Hypothe, hypothetically. And then they spread it around Hypothe, hypothetically if Blake Boles had happened to be on the Saints at any time during Covid season.


Right. Hypothetically, he also said, I can promise a lot. I can promise passion or I can't promise a lot. I can promise passion and I can promise fight. I think you can win a football game of passion and fight. But he went back in that press conference and he said again, like, you will see my team play with fight and passion. Yeah. Those are like his two key words that he zeroed in on. I've got another thing about old Riz. The, the Risler. All right, I got two more as well. But you go with yours. Okay. So this is huge. They've added some sports science to their regimen. Okay. And by that I mean they're doing an activation period before every practice and every game. Oh, what is an activation period? You might ask, it's warming up. Mm. It's stretching. Weren't, it's getting a swipe going.


They weren't, they were not stretching before games. Okay. So he has added in stretching, which is huge. That's gotta be worth something. Right. Very important. Very important. The saints haven't been injured or banged up or anything this season, right? No. Not at All. So I feel like this is a good thing that the, a professional football team is now stretching before games. Yeah. They're stretching. Yeah. Okay. I like that. My other two, the Riz Darren Risler stats, he's a disciple of Dan Campbell. He considers Dan Campbell a mentor. They had a long conversation. He said it was a great conversation. He also talked to Bill Parcells. And then my last one, and this is kind of the, the cherry on top for Will I won't, I bet on a interim head coach, I need some type of weird, not deformity, but something that's a little off.


Darren Izzy's ears are fucked up. Yeah. They're, I don't know what the fuck is going on with his ears. No offense to his ears. I don't know if you can pull it up. Memes. Max just went, I don't know where he went, but they are, he's got like elf ears. He's Yeah. I like, I tried to look up if he was a wrestler, but they're not cauliflower ears. They're just low. They're too low set. Yeah. No, he literally has low pad level on his ears. He looks like a Mr. Potato head with the ears put on backwards. I don't Know how much more we should talk about his ear. I don't know what though. Like the reason why his ear, if he just has low ears, low Ears. I think he talk about his ears because he, I don't think those ears can hear, I don't think that those ears can with withhold a pair of sunglasses. Right. No, it looks like, it looks like he was wearing sunglasses made out of tungsten.


Yeah. Or that's what happened. Or like a, he Just wore hats his entire life. Yeah. And they just beat the ears down into submission. He's gotta, you know, those sunglasses that that Oakley made for a little bit that wrap around the top of the Head. Yep. That's what he has to wear on the sidelines. Yeah. He, his ears are, are something else. Again, no offense to Darren Rizzi. We're betting on him and I like him. But yeah, your ears man. I like, I like that he's got bad ears. Yeah. It makes it more interesting. Yeah. He also tried to come to Dennis Allen's defense and fight Arthur Smith. Who? Arthur Smith's a friend. But I do like the fight out of him. Yeah, that's good. He also, he trolled Tommy DeVito before their game last season. You remember that? Yes. He wore like the rival high school t-shirt. Yeah. It was a New Jersey High school off.


Yes. So we've got a proud Italian in Rizzie. Yeah. So I, Darren Rizzie as for the Falcons, I, I mean listen, if this were not an interim head coach game, I would probably hammer the Falcons. I think they're gonna have a field day with what the Saints do defensively and they don't do a lot and they don't do it well. The Falcons run 87% of their plays out of 11 personnel and the Saints are worse at defending 11 personnel. Sorry, 26 in the NFL. So really bad. Really bad at defending 11 personnel. I don't know. Drake, London not playing I would assume. I don't think that he is. Yeah. So maybe, maybe about Lave not Playing a lave. Definitely not playing. He's seeing a specialist.


Pretty scary. I think that's his fourth concussion in three years. So yeah. That doesn't feel like a good situation. It's a rivalry game. Like these two teams actually they do hate each other every time they play. It seems like something happens. Yep. And I, I feel like this, this three week window for the Saints is Derek Carr's only opportunity to get away from seeing what mean people are saying about him. Yeah. Specifically his former teammates. Yeah. So this is a three hour gap in his week where he won't have to worry about reading Michael Thomas saying anything mean about him. But he probably knows while he's playing that it's happening Like every time if he throws a pick, I think he thinks about Michael Thomas before he gets to the sideline. Yeah.


Yeah. I'm, I'm If Drake London is not playing, which I believe he won't be. I'm pits it's a pits game calling it right now. Kyle Pits vibes. You love pits. I do love pits. I love everyone on the Falcons. I've always been obsessed with Falcons first round picks. This goes back for like 10 years. They just accumulate ten first round picks. And I am draft guru at heart where if you're a first round pick, you're really, really good for the rest of your life. In my eyes. And even after you're a bus, I'm like, I mean I still think Kevin White could be explosive on the field. Well every Falcon's first round pick on offense just looks awesome when you wear the Falcon's uniform.


Yeah. Like this guy's fast and strong. Yeah. So I, I, yeah I believe in the Falcons ko he's playing well Ko opportunity to walk in the trap, He's playing well. Okay. 49 ERs at Bucks. Henry is Christian McCaffrey playing? Yeah, I think he is. Oh, okay. Okay. Brought Per You Per, this is per you not The world per you from the man who brought you Christian McCaffrey might retire. He is now bringing you. I never said that he might play, Never said that. It's the look, it looks like he's playing. Okay. From what I've seen. Okay. I feel like he's playing and I'm happy.


I didn't say that he was gonna retire 'cause I would look really dumb. Yeah, Yeah you would. I feel like a lot of tight ends in this game. Otten and Kittle Problem with Otten is Fred Warner. Yep, that's true. Throwing it out there. I I like the 49 ERs in this game off the bat. But, but Who else do the Bucks have really? They don't have anyone else. Yeah. So it's like they're gonna Sterling Shepherd, they're gonna have to scheme open Otten. No, they don't have Scotty Miller anymore. I think he's on the Steelers. He is Bucky I think this is the, I think this is a 49 ERs reset, like the 49 ERs went on a buy. They've had a tough start to the season, but they look up and no one and and the the division is right there. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like they, they don't, they, they're not sitting there.


It'd be one thing if they were four and four and there was a seven in one team in their division. That's not the case. I think they have everything in front of them and this is where they start playing good Football. And this is the classic Kyle Shahan position to be in. Yeah. If you look back at his career as a head coach before the buy, what is your, the record is 500 right now, right? Yeah. That's actually an improvement of what they usually are before the buy. Yep. Because they're usually a 400 football team before the buy and then over the course of his career, after the buy there are 700 football team. This is where he starts cooking. So this is legitimately the place that you can point to every year and be like after this little mini break they're just gonna run the table. Yeah. And I just, I feel like the Bucks, they've had really good effort the last couple weeks. Although the Falcons game was closer than it, like it, the final score was closer than what the actual play was.


I just think this might be where it just, it's like damn, I wish we had Mike Evans and Chris Godwin out here because we don't, we can't go blow for blow with the 49 ERs. Especially if CMC is back And if you play as well as they play it against the Chiefs and then you, you lose and you don't go for it at the end. I feel like that's a very deflated Oh yeah. Way to lose a football game. Oh yeah. And I should specify with the Kyle Shahan thing, it's true that all his teams improve like drastically after the buy. Yeah. Like night and day football teams. But the, the first game after the buy, he's not like that. Great. I think he's four and three in that very first game back. Okay. But just look for this, the season to start improving now. Yeah. The four nine ERs are gonna go on a little run. Alright.


Biggest game of the, of the noon slate Steelers are commanders game will be sound. How many games do we have at noon is seven. I think there are Four buys this week. I think I, there might be four buys Plus Germany. Are there four buys? Yeah. The Raiders, the Seahawks, the Packers and Browns Packers. Right. 1 2 3 7. Four seven. Perfect. So we'll have all the games on and we'll do sound for Steelers commanders. I am very excited for this game because I think this is a like not a measuring stick. 'cause I think both these teams are good.


I think it's gonna be like whi which one is more for real. And when I say which one's more for real, I'm talking about the commander's offense or the Steelers defense. Yeah. I think whichever team wins this game, I think that team is gonna win their division. Yeah. And I That I think, I think they could maybe be thinking soupy. So the reason why I say specifically the Steelers defense commander's offense because you could look at it and say the Steelers defense has faced the following quarterbacks. Kirk Cousins first game back after Achilles. Bo Nicks rookie, a very hurt Justin Herbert Anthony Richardson, the 17th best quarterback in Dak Prescott, Gardner Minsu, Aaron Rogers and Daniel Jones. Not exactly Jayden Daniel's been playing better than all the guys I just listed.


And then on the other side, the commander's offense has not faced a top 10 in DVOA defense. The best defense they faced was the Bears who, you know, they, they scored one touchdown at the end of the game. The Steelers the eighth best defense DVOA. So is it the Steeler's defense is a little bit worse than we think or is the commander's offense a little bit worse than we think? That's where I, I'm excited to find this out. Yeah. And the, the commander's best win this season. You could make the argument has been their loss to the Ravens. Yeah. That was like the thing that you can point out and be like, this is how, this is why we think that the commanders are a legitimately good football team and not just beating up on a, a relatively soft schedule. 'cause they've beaten a lot of bad teams For sure.


And to have Pittsburgh come into Washington, it's tough because Pittsburgh, they, they bring their towels. There've been numerous games where it's been the Steelers at whatever Washington name is in place at that point where they've had to go to a hard count at home. Yeah. And there's a little bit of towel judo, judo going on this week. Mm. So the commanders are passing out burgundy towels. Oh. And hoping that when the yellow towels are waving, the burgundy ones are also waving. It's just gonna Be look like a cool autumn tree. So, Or it looks like the Redskin's commander's colors. Yeah. So with the burgundy and gold, This is the foliage Game. Yeah. They're like, we can't keep the towels out, but if we add our towels Yeah. Then it'll look like your towels are actually our towels.


Yeah. Well, unless there's more terrible towels. Unless there's Well if there's like way more yellow Yeah. Then, then it's an issue. Yeah. But keep your eyes on, on the towels storyline. The commanders, sorry. Mike Tomlin by the way, is career 26 and six straight up in games against rookie quarterbacks. And also this is obviously a Mike Tomlin road underdog spot where he's 41 28 and won against the spread. Yeah. So Mike Tomlin underdog on the road Off a buy Off a buy where the Steelers are 13 and four after the buy under Tomlin. This, I, I don't feel comfortable about this game and I'm, I'm very uncomfortable about TJ Watt because he, he does bad things to good quarterbacks.


The commanders are 11 for 11 on Fort down this year, which is leads the league pretty Crazy. Yep. And we got Latimore. I don't know if Latimore is gonna be playing this weekend. Yeah. I figured that when we got him it was gonna be the Devonte Adams situation where he is like, oh, my hamstring's actually good. It's the elevation that made it better. I wanna kiss guys and my hamstring doesn't hurt anymore, but I don't know if he's gonna be playing or if he's going to be playing like a meaningful amount. I asked you that question like seriously the other day and you just Laughed in my face. Is That true? I did, I did. Oh, it is a hamstring. I'm sure that hamstring really feels Good. I That's a very accurate re representation of what I said. Yeah. Oh shit. What were you gonna say about this game? Max Jerry? Verse PFT in the, in the gambling cave.


Yeah. Jerry's nervous. He No, he is not. He's, he's not at all. No, he, no, no. He's nervous. He was like, do I give it to him the way that you gave, I gave it to you? Or will he give it back to me? 'cause I'm Nervous. I'll give it to Jerry. If Jerry wants to give it to me, I'll give it right back. There's gonna be a lot of giving in that cave at on Sunday at 12 o'clock. Lot of giving. I'm, I think we will find out a lot about both teams in This game. That's what I'm saying. It's, it's, it's seriously, like if the commander's offense looks incredible, I'm gonna be like, holy shit. They're a lot better than I even expected. I think they're very good. And the Steeler's defense is maybe a little fraudulent. And if it's the reverse, if the Sailers defense dominates and be like, damn, this Steeler's defense might be the best defense in the league.


Yeah. That's, that's where the, like the, I love this matchup and I lo I can't wait to watch this Game. Yeah. Jerry asked me earlier in the week before the trade deadline, if I would call DK Metcalf for him and see if he would like to be traded to the Steelers. And I said, Jerry, I can't, I can't do that. 'cause we're playing this weekend. Yeah. And he understood. He understands that. Like, fair Jerry. He said, fair, Jerry and I are not friends this week. Yeah. And that's fair. He said Fair. He said Fair. Terrible Towels. What about it? You guys are doing the terrible towels. Yeah. The maroon towels. Yeah. Burgundy. Yeah. Yeah, burgundy. We discussed the whole towel situation. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I might have to get a towel. You should. I will. Jerry would not like that. He's gonna have to bring his towel.


These things could get messy. Things Could get real messy towel, better towel off. I'll bring Stew's. 15, 15, 30 towel. There you go. It's Comrad. It will be chaos in the, in the gambling cave though. 'cause it'll be me and Jerry yelling at each other, sitting right next to each other. And then it's gonna be Hank and Big Cat. My game, our game. Feeling each other out to see how hard they should yell This again. I have no fight. I have no fight. I don't what you wanna say. I can't fake the fight. I got some fight. I'll, I'll bring the fight out. You. Is this gonna be like the NCAA tournament? It Totally depends on how they play. Like if they, if the bears come out and start playing. Well, I, I will, I will rebuild my fight. My, I'm, I'm basically like, like I'm a, like the Ninja Turtles game where my, my, my What's the clock is 12.


My health is, you'll have, my health is like this. I need a couple pizzas. Yeah. And the pizzas are touchdowns. And if I can get the pizzas, my fight will come back and I'll be revived. Just Run over a stem kit real quick. Yeah. That's how, that's how I feel right now. Memes keeps talking about, there's some terrible towel curse that if you try and mess with the juju. Terrible. Yeah. That s that is true. That it's not good. That is very, very true. That when you try to fuck with it, if you're the Tennessee Titans, who fucked with it a couple times? I forget who else had disrespect for the terrible towel. I don't think the tags, I, I don't think that this is disrespect for the terrible towel, is it? I think that we should get, we should figure it out. Either me and Jerry, both through Steelers, Patriots and you 2D both through Commander's Bears or the opposite where?


Me and PFT. Both through Commander's Patriots and you and Jerry. Both through Bear's Steelers. What do you mean do That? Just, just for, so it's just even more chaos. I'm down to do Steelers, Patriots or Steal or Steelers bears. We, we'll figure it out for either one of those, to be honest. But I think that would make it even more chaotic. I'm okay with com's bears. Okay. We'll figure It out. So me, I'll do that. I just found this back in 2016. The Redskins did the burgundy towels and they lost 38 to 16. Shit. So we're bringing back loser, loser towels. Shit. Shit. I've got a good scapegoat if we lose though.


Yeah. Towels. It was the towels. Towels. Vikings of jaguars. Are we getting Mac Jones? I think it's gonna be Mack. Yeah. That's going to be hilarious. So Trevor Lawrence has a shoulder injury. Mack Jones. Well now Hank that. Now you have another game. Are you rooting for Mack? I got no bad blood towards Mac. I don't think he's gonna win this game. But Is he, is it official that it, it's not official that it's M Yeah. No, I think it is. Think. Oh, is it? I think, I think Trevor Lawrence is officially not playing. I think that it, I saw a rap sheet say unlikely that Trevor Lawrence will play. Is that, is that baked in the line already? Or is the line move? I saw four and a half earlier. Oh no, it's seven.


It's seven. Well, I got lucky with my picks earlier. Yeah. Uhs the return of the Mac. Okay. So Mac Jones, he's gonna be in for it with the Brian Flores Blitz. And they're playing with the white helmets. The shell white helmets for the Jags. Can I see them please? I would like to see the shell Max. Please. Pull up the shell white helmets for the Jags. I kinda like, I'm gonna give a gut instinct whether I like it or not. Just straight up, let's see. Hit it. I like 'em Gut. Now don't be fooled by the blur. No. Yeah, that's, that's a gut. I, there's something about the teal and the white just kind of pop. Yeah. Shell white baby. Yeah. Let's see 'em. See, it's a blur. Did a lot of work on it, didn't it?


I'm taking it back. I'm walking it back. I just saw it in real life. I'm walking it back. You already did your gut though. Yeah, but that was because of the blur. That's not gut. No, but the blur. The blur. The is, it was a icy, icy blur. You can't do the Photoshop blur. I wanna see it how it looks in, in person. And then you also have to think about Mac Jones wearing it. Well, your gut reaction to it was when you saw Trevor Lawrence, you were like, Ugh. Yeah, but Mac Jones might look icy. All right. Wait, let's see this. Oh my, The teal of the mouth is pretty cool. The teal is, yeah. I wish there was a little more teal. They, they should not call that Shell white. Call that teal tongue. Okay. I'll stick with it. I like it. Fine. I like it. Are they wearing white jerseys too, or no?


I'm not sure. And again, this is, I'm, people are gonna be like, oh, well you, you hated the Packers white helmets. This is, this is the my exact point. If you're the Jaguars, you're a franchise. That should be like Oregon. You should just wear different uniforms every week. Yeah. The Jaguars like you have no real history to, to fall back on here. You just do it. It Was like four years ago they had the two-tone helmets. Yeah. Where it was like half gold and half black. The Crazier, the weirder things that you do, the more I probably am in on it. Yeah. Those old ones, the, they used to look like Antonio Brown's mustache. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Som So you gotta be on Mac Watch now too. Hank Mac Jones. I could. I might do Hungry Horse Parlay And Hungry Cat.


Parlay Hungry Cat Parlay. What about Jacks Panthers? Wow. Hungry Bird Parlay. Are there two Hungry Birds? The Cardinals and the Seahawks on a ba you said? I did not see the Seahawks. The Cardinals. They're a bird. You could also at some point do the Hungry Pirate Parlay. Mm. To the uniforms Real quick. Real quick. They are voting on how they want to wear it. Perfect. It has to be Black jerseys. But the team is voting for what they want for pant sock combo to be. You can do that. I guess There's Jaguars, they can do anything. Yeah. Each player Voted for their favorite pants slash sock. Don't vote to Worn.


Don't they have to wear black Jerseys? I think you gotta go all black. All black looks sick. That's all black. Or you gotta go all white bottoms. The top left looks too much like a Panthers. Yeah. That's the Panthers bottom Right. I hate, Yeah. Bottom right and top left are bad. So you all black or all white on the lower half. One of those two all black looks good. Okay. That was, that was our jersey talk for the week. Vikings are are good. And also Doug Peterson kind of a dis at Sam Donald because I would say so. Yeah. They asked why is Sam Donald turned it around this year and he just laughed. He said, Justin Jefferson. Yeah. But also not totally untrue.


Yeah. I think it's, that's a very reasonable thing to say, but it was, coaches usually don't say stuff like that before games. Yeah. Yeah. They're usually like, well, he is playing very well. Trevor Lawrence is gonna be pissed off. Trevor Lawrence. It's unfortunate that he is not playing because he is one of the best quarterbacks against the blitz. Yeah. You wouldn't know that. But he's really, really good for the last three seasons. Hess Against the Blitz. Yeah. Against the Blitz. And that's obviously what Brian Flores is gonna do. Yeah. M Jones against the Blitz. I don't know, but I'm gonna guess it's probably not great. Probably not, Probably not great. But is it better than normal Mac Jones? That that's really what we have to ask. Yeah. Like, is he better against the Blitz than he is Not against the Blitz. I just hope if Mac Jones plays, we get one funny interception or fumble.


Oh, you'll Just for, just for throwbacks sake. Okay. Afternoon games, Titans, it Chargers boys. This is a must win for our Chargers future. I think we all agree they got some tough games coming up. We're gonna talk about it with Ron Rivera, which was an awesome interview, so make sure you listen. But the Titans have the second worst special teams all time only to the 2010 chargers, which was the team that went first in offense, first in defense, last in special teams and missed the playoffs at nine and seven. I think a lot of that is also baked into that Lions win. Yeah. Remember that when it was just No, I mean the, we blocked pun against them week one. Yeah, that's true. They've had some bad And didn't the, didn't the Jets run a punt back on them memes?


Or at least to like the 20 yard line in the Titans Jet scheme Giant. Wasn't there a big special teams play? I wanna say there was Did we blocked the punt too? You might have blocked a punt. They're bad. They're bad. No, we blocked a pump. We blocked it. Yeah. Yeah. They're bad. Special teams. We had 2010 chargers. Special teams is like the, by far the worst. Yeah. Just, they were so, so bad that season. So to even be compared to them, you know that they're bad. Yeah. And they, they like, it's the weirdest stat that you had a team first in offense, first in defense, missed the Playoffs. But if you look back at their games, you can point to like six games. It's like, oh, if our special teams wasn't the worst, we would've won this game. Yeah. So the Titans are ranked first in total defense and they're ranked Yards allowed, I Think.


Yeah. Yeah. In total Defense. And then also first in past defense. Yeah. They're good defensively. That's why I can't quit 'em. And They're allowing 26 points, six points a game, even though they have the best defense. Short, Short fields. Yeah. Yeah. I, I'm nervous about this game for the Chargers because it does feel a little bit like it's just gonna be a bully ball fest back and forth. Yeah. So if, if you're doing a visualization for this game, it feels like maybe Chargers three nothing in the first quarter. Yeah. And then they score a touchdown in the second quarter in another field goal. So now you're looking at 13 to zero Mm. And then they score another field goal at the start of the third quarter, and then absolutely nothing happens after that.


Yeah. They just run the ball punt like 60% of the time and go on one drive that's like eight minutes long Yep. And get zero points. And they, they end up winning 20 to zero. That Feels right. I, I feel like, I think you just said feels right. Maybe 20 to seven. Yeah. That feels right. Okay. Eagles of Cowboys, Dak Hamstring torn off the bone. Mm. I feel like they just added that part so everyone could be like, oh, he is actually hurt. No. When they, when they add that part to me, I think that sounds delicious. Ham hamstring off the bone. Yeah. Steve, Steve Young by the way, speaking of Delicious. He said this week on his radio hit The Cowboys are so fricking cooked, which is about as much as Steve Young would ever swear again.


I'm, it sounds like something I want to eat. Yeah. Max, are you nervous about this game? Cooper Rush? I The only nervousness comes from like, yes. Yes. I am nervous. Okay. But it's because it's, it seems too easy. It does. I've been saying AJ Brown is back at practice. I've been saying everywhere that Saquon's gonna run for 200 yards. 'cause it, I mean, the Cowboys can't stop the run and it's just gonna be bully ball by the, by the Eagles. So There's still something about playing, like at Jerry War, it's Cooper rushed though. There's no way we can lose to Cooper Rush. So you guys beat Cooper Rush last time you played him, but Cooper Rush, I think he won his first four games when he came in as a backup last time.


And if you're wondering like what peak cowboys would be is they're, they're lower than you think that they can ever get right now. Like they, everyone's given up on the season. If Cooper Rush comes in and has the offense looking competent, that is actually peak cowboys. Yeah. When the backup quarterback that has like a third of the physical tools that Dak Prescott has comes in, wins football games as Dak is very sadly recovering from a scrumptious sounding injury. Yes. That is delicious. That is peak cowboys right there. Yeah. Fun. Lane Johnson is a freak stat of the week. He's played in eight games this year and he's given up two pressures, not two sacks. He's, He's, He's two Pressures.


He's so good. He so good Pressures. He's so good. Pressures not sacks pressures. I'm actually so good. I think one of those was a sack though. Oh, okay. Yeah. Just, just saying. Just that that's, Hey, that's good accountability. Yeah. You Yeah. We could've skated by on that. Yep. I, yeah. That's me. You know, hand up Max. So you think it's too easy, right? That's where it makes you scared. Correct. Would it be as easy as like Villanova beating? That's not what we're talking about. An Ivy League team and basketballs. There's no way We talk about college of basketball on November 7th. I'm asking in a scale of easiness, when you're Villanova basketball home of many national titles and you see an Ivy League school, not even a Princeton or Yale, who's been to the tournament.


You see Columbia. I I thought They were playing a South American team. I thought this was like an exhibition. I know how to, is it That easy? I know how to tie this all around at, during my thoughts last night. I'm going, wait, Wait, wait. Hold on. During my Hold. I love you. You got his brain like it's a TV show you To have thoughts. So you sit down and go, thought you sat down and turned it on. You're all, here we go. Thoughts? Time. Time. Thoughts? Time. I was having thoughts and I, I will, I will, I will not say a bad word about Nick Ani for the rest of the year. What? Nah, that's bullshit. I will not say a bad word about Nick Ani for the rest of The year. That's as much bullshit as me saying. I'm not gonna tell myself that the Bears can be Packers. You don't have to watch Kyle Neptune coach basketball.


Who's this? Well, I, I actually could. Do you Think Kyle Neptune's a worse coach than Nick Sirianni? Without question. Oh. What? Why would you say that? Have they lost this year? They lose to everyone. He has more College basketball started. Who'd you guys play? Was it preseason? We Lost to Columbia. Columbia in two Years in two games. Kyle Neptune has lost seven games to teams above 100 on the Ken Po. Jay Wright lost to two in his last nine years. Coaching there. Seven to two for four times as many game years. Did you pay them? Yes. You paid, you paid Columbia? Yes. Oh, by game.


That's the epitome of brutality. We pay our entire roster. Their roster pays to go to school. Villanova's. They should be a Fortune 500 company. And they're not, but, okay. Kyle, Neptune, November. Where did he coach before Spin Zone? It's November. Fordham, Who is like, let's just look up like what he Went, Kyle 500 at Fordham. Right? But Kyle Neptune's like first game ever at Fordham. Who'd they play? I don't know. Let's just, I mean, I'm trying to get, I'm trying to spin this positively. Fordham, what, what year did he start at at Fordham? It was, he only coached there for one year. What year was it? It was, so pull up the Fordham schedule from what year If he started I'm trying to do math.


Get That, get math done. So it would've been 2021. It Would've been the, okay, so pull up Ford 2021. Schedule The 2122 season. Look, he can turn this thing around. No, but this is three years in a row. He lost a Portland his first year. He lost a GA last year. Whoa. And he lost a Columbia This year. His first year, first game. 'cause you can get better, dude. You can get better his first game at Fordham. But he doesn't. This is his first game at Fordham. Let's see. Pull it up. Are you going the right way? I think, wait. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. 20. Wait, wait, What? Oh, there's one. Oh no, just stop right there. There's one. I saw it.


I'm doing Bad. November right there. November. I'm doing bad. Keep going. Keep going, keep going. There it is. November 9th, 2021. Fordham beat. Oh, Columbia. Oh. Oh. No shit. So, okay. This is the bit that you were doing. That's, that's such a coincidence. This Was the bit that you were doing. I did not know that stat That took so long. That took way too long for Max to find it. He beat Columbia his first game ever in Porto. Shit. He gave up 90 points to Columbia at home. Shout out to 90 Points. Shout out to a WO tagged me in that tweet last night. He's like, Hey Max, don't worry Kyle. Neptune, when he first game at Fordham, beat Columbia.


90 points at home to Columbia. So you're not gonna say anything bad about Sirianni because Neptune is so much worse. Correct. He just needed Fordham's roster. It just makes me want like, wonder, like, I, like, how can I be upset with Nick Sirianni for just continuing to win games perspective when I, when I root for a coach like Kyle, Neptune. That's a really good perspective. Yeah. I like that. Who's incapable of winning? It looks like an a I shouldn't be talking about Villanova. Ba They look like an a a U team that just showed up and met each other for the first time. Like, it looks like they've never played basketball together. And I don't wanna hear the ex, every team in college basketball has brand new players because of the transfer portal. Figure it Out Max. It's November, dude. Yeah, we're talking about football. Why are You doing this? You brought this up.


You brought this Up. You know how many people stopped? Listen to the podcast. You wanna talk about six college basketball in early November? Sixers are tanking. Oh man. All Right. So the Eagles, the Eagles Quan got drug tested. Oh, He did? Yeah. After the, for The back. The back when? Yeah. I don't know if they were testing him for PS or testing 'em for just stuff that'll fuck you up and make you think that it's a good idea to jump over somebody backwards. Yeah. But either way. Yeah. He pissed in a cup this week. I I like the Eagles too, but again, I keep going back and thinking about maximum cowboys and that would be to have Cooper Rush get in and look really good. Yeah, I'd agree with that. Maximum Cowboys sounds like a movie I don't wanna watch. That's the, that's what I'm thinking.


What did, what did Skip call it Supreme? This is Supreme Cowboy Supreme debate. Yeah. Supreme Cowboys would be Cooper Rush getting in and winning by 10 points. Also. Shout our guy, skip. He got hacked on Tuesday night. That was tough. That was rough. That was really, really, really tough. It, the, the only criticism I have of the hacker is you should have done the funny thing and started following people. Yeah, that would be great. That that Would've been good. Yeah. That would've really fucked with him. One of the funniest part, he changed his avatar to LeBron James. Oh, he did? That was great. Yeah. Okay. That was good. Okay. Jets at Cardinals. Memes must win. Must Win. I'm, I'm, now, I'm now nervous that we're favorites. Oh, Sunday we were plus one and now we're minus one and a half Memes.


I have some silver linings for you. Okay. Trump, Donald Trump is now the president elect. He's going to be inaugurated on January 20th. Woody Johnson might become the ambassador of UK again. And that means he can't fuck up your team anymore. Yeah. But then we have Christopher Johnson. Oh, he's probably good. Is he related to Woody The brothers? Ah, Shit. They're not gonna take him. What about brick? Brick's probably gone. He's gonna Go to Ireland. Unless we, unless we go on a run. I saw Joe Douglas said when they asked him about his job, he said whatever happens, happens. That's a good perspective to have on it. It's good vibes, memes. How do you feel about Malachi Corley? That was an asshole statement.


Just being like, What'd he say? He Said he had over 200 plus touchdowns in his career. Just his playing football career. I don't, I shouldn't worry about crossing the goal line. This Is the first time out of 200 times where he's dropped it before. Yeah. Is he blaming the goal line? What? I don't Understand that. He's just saying he just has to cross six inches and he'll be fine. He's just like, that was out of character for me. I usually don't drop the ball before he get to the end Zone. Yeah. Just no accountability. They Don't talk about all the parades that JFK was in that ended safely. You know? And I think that's a bit unfair to the Secret service. Yeah, I would agree. All the, all the challengers that didn't blow Up. Yeah. What we we ended up getting to the moon. Yeah. But yeah, Corley Corley is now, he's your third, your number three Now that Williams is going, or number two Corley.


Yeah. He he'll be behind Xavier Gibson. Okay. Yeah, because lizard's still hurt, right? Yeah. I I think the Jets will win this game. I think the Cardinals are a very good team. I, the Cardinals still are not outside of playing the Bears. They don't rush the passer great. And Aaron Rogers is still Aaron Rogers, when he has a clean pocket, it's when he gets chased around that he looks like old Aaron Rogers. Aaron Rogers still top five in everything right now. Which is good on nice Top five in everything. Everything, Everything. Soberist, Everything. Crystal Ownership. Crystal ownership. Yes. Do see, do you see that? When, when they brought Devonte over and he, he like went live on the McAfee show and they were interviewing Devonte and he had just a stack of crystals behind him because he was in Aaron Rogers house.


The healing crystals, Vaccines Not top five. Okay. So not top five in everything. Touchdowns Top five Yards. Top Five Completion percentage. Not sure top five with that. But you, You already touched, I mean, that was the third stat we gave you. It's not A very, it's not a very common stat. That wasn't, that wasn't a, we didn't really push you that hard there. What about wins? Top 10. Top 10 in wins. A FC. Okay. Just so we're clear. He is not top five in touchdowns. Okay. He is seventh.


He is, is he not top five in yards? So, so none of that was true. He's not top five in completion. Percentage. What? What was I Looking at? He is not top You guys. I think this is kind of a sad point and it took us this long to, to reach it, but I think memes might be a florio. Yeah, I think he might be a Florio. Yeah. He's just not, it's all fake news. Not top five. I was looking at Completion percentage, what number he is. I didn't say top five with that. What is It? But you said top five and everything We have He's 20. He's 29th. And you said he was top Five. No, we've yet to, no, no, no. We've yet to find a, a stat that he's top five in god dammit rating. He's not top five. QBR is not top five.


Maybe. Maybe rushing yards. Big Cat. Longest pass. Not top five yards per game. Not top five. Damnit. I must have looked at it before they updated It. What did you look at where He's top seven? He's not top five. He's top 10. Anything. I 10 know what this was. You looked at this after Thursday night football. Yes you did. Yes. Yes you did. Yes you did. Started. Yeah. He was top two then. Oh my god. Memes. He is literally not top five in a single stat. Oh, this is embarrassing. Alright, back to the game. We just have to stop The run. Cardinals have a great, are great at running the football. We are bad at stopping the run.


Yeah. We just need to focus on stopping the run. And I think the offense will be fine now that we have a top 10 passer. What? Top 10? Top 10, easily top 10. Top 10. Easily top 10. Easily Top 10. And what stats is he top 10? Oh, I can't Believe I fucked that up. Oh, is he Actually top 10 in those stats? He is top 10 in he's yards and he's top 10 in, in touchdown. He's top 10 in interceptions. It was just after the Thursday night football before the rest of the team played. That's Exactly. Is he top 10 in interceptions or lack of interceptions? No Interceptions. He's top 10. He is nowhere. Oh, is it Monday night football? He was nowhere close to top 10 in completion. Percentage. He's 28th. Yeah. 28th. Pretty bad.


Yeah. Wow. Okay. A lot of room for improvement. Just gotta stop the run. And I think we just gotta pick up momentum from Thursday night football in that second half, which is beautiful. Bring that in Sunday. Four O'clock. This is a tough game. The Cardinals are good. I'm not, I I'm not sleeping on the Cardinals anymore. I they're, they've what won three in a row now. James Connor's a beast. Which James Connor should be able to run the ball. It will on you guys. It's just whether your offense can get going. Their, their pass rush is not good either. So Yeah. Rogers could have time. Yeah. Alright. Last game. Lions of Texans. I don't wanna do it again, but I kind of want take the Texans. I've just been against the Lions every, and I'd say I start every week with saying the Lions are the best team in the NFL.


And then I'm like, ooh, three and a half at home for the Texans. Nico Collins might be back. Yeah, there's, there's, I'm gonna pass. It's something weird. I mean, the Texans wide receivers have been injured and they have not, there's not been a game where I've said to myself, damn, this Texans offense is in a rhythm right now. Yeah. And the lion's offense is always, they're never out of rhythm. They're, they wake, they roll out of bed in rhythm. Yeah. So what was it? Four? Four points. Three and a half right now. Three And a half points. I mean, it's a sucker bet. I feel like everybody's gonna be betting on the lions in this game. Especially Sunday night. Sunday night. Houston is wearing its battle. Red uniforms. Ooh, battle red. The battle reds are out. Which is, which is cool. I think is, it's for a Sunday night game to reflective red helmets.


I don't know what the lions are. Are they gonna be wearing their blues now? That'd be color rush. Right. So they can't do that. Yeah. Nonetheless. I still think that I'm gonna, I'm gonna continue to bet on the lions. Yeah. I I think I'm gonna join you because I don't want to, I don't want to be an idiot anymore. I feel like an idiot every single time. But it, if there was a time the Texans would maybe bounce back, wouldn't it be this, I mean this is, it's a good time for everyone else to bet on the Texans. I'm gonna be betting on the lines because I'm a sucker and I'm maybe the most public person. Yeah. In terms of like just finding these sucker lines and going for 'em. Tex Texans defensive line getting after Jared butcher's. So good. It doesn't matter. Yeah.


Doesn't matter. Yeah. I think he's on pace right now to have the highest completion percentage in NFL history. I think that's Aaron Rogers. Oh yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Jared's top five. Yeah. Top five. Which What a brutal top five for I Guess being number one is top, but Means that top five in everything. Yeah. That was, that was, I love the confidence with which you said it too. Everything. And it took about two seconds to pick it apart. Going from everything To nothing. Nothing. Yeah. It is just, it's brutal. We couldn't even find one without a single one. He's said everything, everything still top five. He's top 10, he's top five. Everything. You are memes. You are a florio. Yeah. Just spreading fake news the other way.


Yeah. You Either die of memes or you live long enough to become a Florio. Ugh. I am Italian. Yeah, you are Italian. Fuck Italian. It's okay. Bes. Alright. Can we win a TD parlay? Can we do it? Who's up? I think we all fucked up. Last fucked up. I think we all lost Josh Allen. Not Me. Oh, you had, I had Qua. You had Quan. Quan. Alright, so Max stays in. Do you want hop in for me? Hank, do you have someone you love? No, he doesn't. Okay. His brain froze. Bijan. Yeah. Bijan Robinson. Yeah.


Yeah. Jane Daniels. Are you sure? Yeah. I think he's gonna be, TJ's gonna be chasing him. He is gonna scramble outta the pocket score. I'm scared. I'm scared of TJ Watt. I am. Don't do the stupid thing where you don't have anybody. Block TJ and let him run right down the line of scrimmage and easily make a tackle in the backfield. Don't do that. He's too fast to do that. Stop doing that. Don't do that. Okay. So it's Jaden Daniels. It's Saquon again. Max. Sure. Yep. Just Put 'em in and Bijan go find it on Draftking Sportsbook.


Every day is game day Draftking Sportsbook. Now through the end of the year, it's extra special. All customers get a special daily promo every single day. From Profit Boost, odd boost, no sweat bets and more. There, there's something for everyone. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now. Use code. Take that's code. Take and take advantage of special daily promotions only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER (800) 327-5050 Or visit gambling helpline ma.org in Massachusetts in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9. Please gamble responsibly in Connecticut. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org or visit md gambling help.org In Maryland, 21 and over in President, most states 18 and over in Washington, dc, Kentucky, New Hampshire or Wyoming offer void in Ontario Void. Were prohibited. Eligibility restrictions. Apply terms at sportsbook at DraftKings dot com slash promos on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. One plus promotion per day promotion, sport eligibility and requirements vary. Ends 12 31 24 sponsored by DraftKings.


Okay, boys, what are our picks? I, I don't think I've won a pick in the last two weeks. What are the standings right now? Lasting game. It's bad everywhere. I think it's pain. Pain. I think the leader is only two games up. I am 10 and eight. Big Cat eight and 10. PFD eight and 10. Hank Eight and 10 Max six 11 to one. Yeah. We're bad. We're Bad. It's bad. That's bad. So I'm a game and a half back of All of, yeah. Basically everyone That's bad. But then Second and fourth. Okay, who's up first? Henry. Henry, Audrey. I'm going to take the Gunder. You're gonna take the gunder 40 and a half in the Germany Games.


Panthers, Munich. Okay. The Mund. The Mund. Okay. I'm gonna take the Jets minus one and a half Jets minus one and a half. I am going to take the Titans chargers under 39. Oh, I love that. I love that. I love, love, love that. I'm going to take the Vikings minus seven over the Jaguars. Okay. Okay. I am going to take the Buck Niners over 50 and a half. And then I have another pick I am going to take.


Oh man, I don't like this. I don't like the port. I'll take the Steelers plus three. Fuck you. Sorry. I, that feels like a field goal game. It does. It feels like a good pick too for Mike Tomlin. Yeah. It feels like a field goal game. I'm going to take the over in Philadelphia. Dallas, 43 points. Cooper Rush Cooper, rush Cooper Rush. Fuck, I, I'm all, I'm All scrambling now. That was, you just didn't think that there was any chance that there was No, well, I thought, I was like, there's no way PF t's gonna take it. Yeah. That's why I took the Would you have taken that under Which one? The Chargers. Titan Chargers. Titan. Yes.


I would've. Okay. That, that makes me feel a little bit better. Not, Oh shit. I hate you with The Knot. I don't think I've ever picked an under Take Villanova minus 11 and a half against Who? PFT Columbia. Oh. They'll fucking, I'm going to Tell it's not the national team. The Ivy League school. Fuck it. Gimme Broncos plus seven and a half. Okay. I like that. Pro Nicks. Is that Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Okay. I'm gonna take the Monday Night Football over 50. That line, by the way makes no sense to me. The Rams. Why are the Rams only one point favorite? I feel like that's the easiest bet in the world, but it's just wrong, I guess because the dolphins look pretty good against the bills.


Yeah. I just, I'm wrong. I know that I'm wrong. I'm gonna end up betting the Rams and it's gonna be wrong. Yeah. I'll be taking the New England Patriots plus six against the Chicago Bears. Okay. Okay. Good picks boys. Let's do fantasy Fuck Boys.


Before we get to Ron Rivera, it's brought to you by our friends at Body Armor. This segment is brought to you by Body Armor. Real hydration, real ingredients packed with electrolytes, vitamins, and nothing Artificial body armor sports drink has great tasting flavors like strawberry banana and blue raspberry. Not only do we hydrate with body armor, but some of the best athletes in the world do as well. Like Christian McCaffrey, Joe Burrow and Sabrina Escu. Get yours today at Walmart or local grocery store near you. I love the strawberry banana. My favorite. So thank you to Body Body Armor drinking all the, all the time.


Okay. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, Hey, hey. My name's Mickey Montclair. Hey Mickey. Mickey Montclair. M and M. My stardom this week is Christian McCaffrey. Why? What's Happening? All you fantasy owners, you drafted him one, you've been pissed off all year. He's been on your bench. Maybe you've drafted him. Maybe you traded him. This is your week. Put him in stardom. He's gonna be back. He's gonna be playing. He's gonna get two touchdowns. Oh, Hell yes. My sitm DeAngelo Russell. Mm. JJ Reddick Trouble in Paradise already in Lakers. DeAngelo Russell got benched. Said he wasn't putting in effort. JJ Reddick stormed out of the press conference. It it's bad. Oh shit. Hey, shit. He said the F word.


Oh shit. The Kelsey word? No, the the other F word. Fuck. Yeah. He said fuck. Holy shit. JJ said that. JJ said, fuck. Oh no. Will Compton said that's a bridge too far. I'm out. I'm out. My Sleeper. It's you this weekend. Daylight Savings time. Congratulations. God dammit. Enjoy your Sunday sleeping. You getting an extra hour this weekend? It's Gonna be so dark, so early fall. I Know. I'm not looking forward To it. Set those clocks. Yeah. Good one. Hey, what's up you dickheads? My name's Tommy Tor Tommy here in the club talking to you about my, my, my stardom. And my stardom is Reese's Monkeys.


I'm starting Reese's. Reese's Monkeys. Monkeys. Reese's Monkeys. Is that like the, when they do the, the tr Christmas Trees, there's an outbreak of 43 Reese's Macco pri I'm starting Macco This week there's 43 Macco primates that escape from a research facility in South Carolina. Residents have been advised to lock the windows and the doors. 43 young females weighing between six and seven pounds are running amok. Where is this? Hey, this is Beaufort County, South Carolina. Oh shit. Bunch of 'em. Cock running around. Sounds hot. Both of these nuts. Beaufort. Oh shit. Gotcha. Oh shit. I'm sitting Brony James. He just got designated to the G League.


Oh. Sent down what a career. My good friend Bronny had had a bucket. We'll, never, we'll, never forget what happened. Had a bucket played with his dad. It's gotta be D'Angelo Russell's fault. Yeah. And probably D'Angelo Russell's fault. And then my sleeper is Maxi Tyrese. Maxey. Is he okay? Oh no, no, he's not. Okay. What happened Mr. Ent November? Dude, don't worry. It's November. Is Tyse Maxey okay. No, I'm sitting basketball season out this year. Is he okay? Max my team fucking soft. Is he? Tell me he's okay. It's November. Look what they did to my boy. It they massacred my boy. Oh no. N it's November, dude. What's up?


What's up you fucks? It's Darren Rizzi. Hey, what's up coach Coaches? The New Orleans Saints winner Give you go the Riz days. My stardom is locker rooms. I switched it up this week. I got it all set up. All the guys sit with each other. We're gonna win a game against the Falcons. I Love that. I love that. Yeah. My sitm is Providence basketball. They banned on the duck from Providence from the stadium. That's fucked up. Fuck that duck no more. Don. The duck. The duck. Hashtag the Duck. Hashtag the duck duck. Free the duck. Quit ducking the duck. Don't do that. Is it a real live duck? It's a real fucking duck. Oh. Bring the duck back. Duck duck. We stand with the duck and my sleepers.


Columbia basketball. They're looking good this year. They might be a diaper daddy. Hey, real, Real New York City team, Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what they say about New York City Point guards If you don't like it, just wait five minutes. Oh no, I was just saying they're good. Oh yeah. True. That's true. Wait, what happened to Tyrese Maxey Hamstring. Ah, fuck. But Paul George is back. He Sucks. Is is Maxie gonna miss what? A couple games? Who Could have seen that coming here? He's like three weeks. Three Weeks. He Sucks. I think, I think it's gonna be a, the Brooklyn net situation. They're, none of them are gonna play together. Gonna play.


It would be funny if the NBA investigated Tyrese Maxey Outbeat also comes back next week. What if it's, what if it's just a entire season of load management for Beat? No N Beat's playing on Tuesday against the Knicks. But I'm saying if you don't make the Playoffs just an entire season of it, We don't have a first round pick this year unless it lands in the top six. Okay. So that is Cooper Flag process. We could be on Flag Watch. Are you doing the process again? We could be doing the process if We just did a mini process, Just one year of the process. Try to get Cooper take A quick break. Yeah. Just take a 10 year off. I'm, I'm, I'm like down to like, just not get upset about basketball This year. No, I can tell you're not upset at all about Basketball. I know. I thought about that last.


I I was That during your thoughts? Those, those were, I had some thoughts last night. I had plenty of thoughts and I thought about like, what if I just, like both of my basketball teams are just really bad that I just don't even get upset about them. But I'm, I'm gonna still Get it there. So wait, so they're gonna get Embi back at the same time that Maxi is gone and then Embi is gonna have to play harder because Maxi is not there. Correct. And what are the, be honest Max, what are the odds that Embi starts in that first game that Maxi comes back? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. So one of them will be hurt, but one of Embiid and or Paul George will be hurt by the time that Maxi comes back. Mm. I don't think any any of the, we're not gonna have a game where all three of them play.


No, No. It's November. No. Okay. Why You talking about basketball Max? Should We get to our interview with Coach Ron Rivera? Because it was a great one. Let's do some ads before that,


Before we get to Coach Ron Rivera. It's brought to you by Campbell's Chunky Soup. Part of my take is brought to you by Campbell's Chunky Soup. It's the soup that eats like a meal. When you think chunky, you got to think of players like Jason Kelsey, Dexter Lawrence, Sam Hubbard. These are all players that work with Campbell's Chunky Soup. They're great players and it's great soup. It's soup season baby. You know, Dexter Lawrence is, he's shotgunning Campbell's chunky soup before the games halftime. He's getting all powered up on Campbell's chunky Soup. It's soup season and it is the perfect time of year to be eating some chunky sirloin burger or their chili mac. It's packed with beef and veggies. Keeps you going strong. Chunky takes satisfaction to the max. This soup season, you can grand grab a ca a can today. Chunky is the most satisfying soup. It does eat like a meal. You'll eat a can of Campbell's chunky soup. You're gonna feel like you had a full filling meal. Time to indulge and chunky is the only way to take satisfaction to the max this soup season. You can grab a can today.


Check it out. Now. Here is Coach Ron Rivera. Okay, we now welcome on our very good friend, recurring guest. It is Coach Ron Rivera In Studio. Great to see you, coach. Let's start with, this is the first season in how long that you have that you're out of football? It's gotta be, what, 30 years? Yes. Close To it. Yes. It's 27 as a coach and throwing the other nine as a player. So, So how let's, you know, how is it going not being on the sideline? Are you still locked into everything but in a different way? Like it's it's gotta feel weird, I'm sure. Oh, it feels real weird. It really does. You know, it's, it's funny, the, the first couple of months is great.


I'm playing golf, I'm getting out there traveling with the wife, doing all these things. But then month four it's like, damn, the draft is coming up. Mini camps. OTI mean, you start thinking about those things. Yeah. You know, and then you get into the off season where, where, you know, they're, they finish OTAs, they finish mini camps. So now it's like, okay, is downtime. So now I'm on trips again doing all that stuff and then all of a sudden, end of July hits and start a training camp. And that's really when I started to feel it again. You Get the itch. Yeah. Yeah, you do. But I am looking at it from a different lens. I'm looking at it as a, as a, as a commentator. Now I'm doing some stuff for, for the NFL network. I'm doing some stuff for Westwood One and, and sports USA, covering games, doing it on radio.


So that's been a lot of fun. I've actually had a great time doing it that way. But I've stayed engaged with what's going on in the league. I've tried to map out some trends that you see. I've tried to, you know, look into the analytics, understand that stuff even more. And it's been real interesting. It really has. Yeah. Yeah. And, and I bet Sundays, Sundays are a lot different for you. Yes. Do you like Sundays, like getting to sit down on your couch, watch every single game? Yeah. So the first Sunday ever, I watched like nine hours of football. Yeah. It's awesome, isn't it? It's The best. It sucked, you know, because, because it's too much. No, it really was. It, it was way too much. Are you Kidding? Yeah. You can't handle all the football That No, you, you couldn't.


I I We're football guys. Yeah. I, I, I looked at my wife after the afternoon games before the evening game and I said, I'll be right back. She goes, where you going? I said, for a walk. I said, Stephanie, I've been inside for eight hours watching football. I said, I've eaten so much junk food. And I sit there and I've drank, you know, beer. I mean, I, I'm, I'm not, that's, that's not. But I did all those things and, and, and I just felt, I felt like a lump on a log. Yeah. So I went out and I, I just walked for about two and a half, three miles, came back and watched the last game of the night. You're Not in game shape like us. You're not ready for it. It, we do that And we do that every single Sunday. Oh my God. We just sit there for 12 hours and watch every single game.


There's No way I, I was wore out. I really was. But it's been, but it has been interesting. 'cause you know, when I do the, the, the, the, the TV show, you know, for, for Good Morning football or I do the radio stuff, the one thing that everybody tells me is when you leave, when you're done, nobody's gonna criticize. Yeah. Yeah. It's a fact. You don't, it's nice. You don't have the second guessers. There's no TV show that comes on after your TV show to be like, what was Ron Rivera thinking here in block two? Yeah, I know, know. Should I used the time out? It's interesting as hell. It really is. Yeah. Yeah. We, when you were coaching, were you, did you ever have a guy who was basically standing next to you who was like, Hey, here's when to use a timeout. Here's not, because that's, that's my favorite part about being a fan, is we don't know football like any of these coaches.


Yeah. But if you screw up a timeout or you screw up a fourth down decision, that's one we can point to and be like, what the hell was he thinking? What You do is, for the most part is I had a checklist. Okay. And, and, and it, it's one of those things that Mike Shanahan, when he was rolling and, and wanted his back to back Super Bowls, he did this article in, in USA today, and they talked about this checklist that he used to have and he used to go through just before Gametime. And I, and I, I, I read the article, I copied it down, I wrote it down, and then I made it mine. I kind of came up with some other things that I wanted and I put on this list and I would go through this checklist. And one of the things I always talked about was, Hey, who's, who was gonna help me with the timeouts? You know, which coach did I have?


Talk to me about the timeouts who had that chart for the two point conversion. Yeah. Okay. And then who was watching upstairs to, to whether or not I should challenge or not. So what we started was we, we came up with, you know, some of our coaches that we felt were really good with that. And we would have this meeting every Friday And we would go through these conversations of, hey, we get down to to, to the fourth quarter. Who's got the timeouts? Who's got this? Who's got this two point? Alright, this is what we wanna do. And so we would go through what the situation could potentially be so that if it did come up, we were, we were prepared And we knew how we wanted to handle this. Yeah. That's fascinating me because yeah, through years of playing Madden and watching sports on tv, the fan feels like they know that, that game management part, and there's a lot going on during the game for a coach too.


So it's probably, it shouldn't be on their shoulders to know exactly what to do and when to do it. And, And then what's kind of infiltrated our game has been the use of analytics. Yeah. You know, and, and it's crazy because there's certain aspects of the game that are not measurable. Okay. And, and, and there are some aspects of the game people don't believe in. It's crazy. 'cause people that truly believe in numbers, pure analytics don't, do not believe in momentum. Okay. Don't believe in the emotional part of the game. There's an emotion that goes throughout in a player's body, throughout a player's mind. And the fans can impact that. They can change it. Okay. With the way they cheer, the way they react. I mean, this is not measurable.


Yeah. And so people that truly believe in the numbers don't understand how you can sit there and say, well, momentum has taken over. Yeah. I think there's definitely a big place for analytics in the game, but you also need to take that into account with what scenario you, you're dealing with. And a coach that understands the flow of the game and understands what his players are, are feeling and thinking and understands. You know, he knows his team better than anybody else does. Yeah. So, you know what your defense can do if you choose to go forward and forth and you don't get it. It's, it's a big conversation that's kind of all weaved together. You are famously now known as analytical Ron. Yeah. No more riverboat Ron. Right? No, I, I, I wanna tell you the story of, of Riverboat Ron. Okay. Okay. So my first two years I had this crazy record of being three and 13 of games decided by score less.


And at the end of my EE at the end of my second year, I sit down with the previous owner with Jerry Richardson. And we would go through the previous season, talk about what happened, how things went. We would go through each game, talk about what went on in each game, how things were, I mean, it was, I spent a whole day with him going through all this stuff. And when I finished up, I said to him, I said, you know, Mr. Richland, one thing IIII want to talk to you about is I wanna reach out. I, I think I need a mentor. One of the things I didn't do on my original staff was I didn't have a previous head coach on my staff NFL head coach that could sit there and help me work through some things. And, you know, and he, he kind of started to chuckle and he goes, takes this, I I'm tried to show you while we're on the radio.


Yeah. I said, he, he pulls this index card out and he says, read this. And he slides it across to me. I turn it over. It was John Madden. Huh? It was his number. Wow. He was thinking the same way I was. 'cause I was gonna say to him, I, I wanna call John Mad Coach Madden and talk to him. Yeah. And he had thought the same thing. He, and he looks at me and he goes, he's expecting your call. Oh my God. That's, so I call Coach Madden And we start talking. I said, I'd love to come out and visit with you. He said, great, great. He says, you know, let's, let's, let's plan for, for, for for early March. And I said, great. I'd love to do it. Then he said, Hey, I understand you. You are three and 13 in games, decided by score less. He said, I said, yes, sir.


He goes, why don't you go back and look at those, see if there's something you could have done different. I said, okay, great. And you saw me today. Yeah. Yeah. I wrote a 20 page report. I watched those 13 games and I wrote up some things about what we could have done and, you know, what should happened and my decisions that were made and why. So I go out to see him go out to Pleasanton, California where he had his headquarters for, for, for Madden for the game and all that stuff. It Red Bear, I think it was called Red Bear Ventures. So I go to his office, we sit down And we start talking. And it, it was, he paid homage to, to, to the Raiders. All, everything was silver and black. He had all kinds of memorabilia. He had a seven man Crowder sled in his, in his parking lot. I remember that. Yeah.


Yes, he did. So I went and saw him. We started talking and I said, oh, I got this report for you that I did What report? Well, the one you told me about the 13 games, he was, that's not for me. That's for you. What'd you learn? I said, well, I said, well, you know, and I opened it up. I said, well, like this one, you know, we were up by three and excuse me, I said, we were up by two and you know, and then I thought, you know, if, if we get the, if, if we kicked a field goal, you know, they got a score touchdown to beat us. And, but they did. He says, yeah, exactly. What could you have done? I said, well, could have gone for it. Yep. He said, exactly, why didn't you go for it? I said, well, you know, I kicked field ground. I mean, I didn't think he said, he said, Ron, he said, think about these things.


I said, well, you know, and then this one I punted and you know, it was fourth and one. And I, you know, we, he said, Ron, you know enough football, you've done enough football to do these things. Yeah. You know, when's the right time to do it? He said, nobody else, nobody else does. You do. You've done it. And at that point, what he made me do is realize, you know, I said to him, I said, you know, I was going by the book. Yeah. He said, what book? And maybe I said, well, you know, you punted when you should punt and kick and Nelson. I realized I was doing what was safe. Yeah. What was acceptable. 'cause back then nobody went for it on four. Yeah. And he was right. Yeah. So the next year we, we, we were playing the Giants at home and, and our first drive, I went for it on fourth down twice.


In fact, the last one was fourth and Goal. And we converted, scored the touchdown, and then I did it again in the game. So then, then another week later, we were playing Minnesota and Minnesota, and I went for it three times in that game. In fact, the first time we scored it was fourth and three, and Mike Shuler called a shovel pass, And we scored. And so we're win, you know, we win the game after the game. Local media's, you know, they're, they're interviewing some of the Panther fans and Oh, that's great. Yeah. Coach is doing, oh, that's amazing. It's great to get to this one guy says, well, that old Ron Rivera man, he's just like a riverboat gambler out there. I mean, he's making decisions on Fort Down. That's, I mean, that's something out he's gambling out there. I mean Oh, riverboat Ron, I'm telling you.


And that's how it started. That's Great. And you also had maybe the best fourth down, or the, at least the best short yardage option, maybe of all time in the NFL with Cam Newton. Yeah. So if you're fourth and three, fourth and two, just send Cam and he's gonna run some people over. We were like 95 or 96% conversion rate with him. And I can remember one time, I, I, I went and did it with Kyle Allen back there and, And we got stopped and somebody said, what happened? I said, we were about three inches and 35 pounds short of it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And, and it's, it's interesting because there is no book, but you actually made a book. Yeah. Like 20 pages. I, I consider that to be a book. Oh, yeah. I would've, I would've been upset.


I would've been like, coach, can you just read my report? You don't have to read it. Just look at it and then just give me a grade. Yeah. Whatever you feel like I did this 20 page report here for You. Well, I'll tell you what, he gave me great advice. He really did. And, and, and from that point on that, that's the way I looked at it. That's the way I looked at things. That's awesome. I, I love, I love the stories of like, the evolution of coaches and how they get to these points, because that's like, coaching more than anything is like, you always have to be adapting and learning. And that's what the best coaches do. Well, it's kind of interesting now. It is kind of gone the other way. There is actually a book now. Yeah. And if you go by those numbers purely, they're gonna sit there and say, that's right. You went by the numbers. I mean, I did a thing last, well, my last year we were playing Dallas in Dallas, and it was a close game.


It had been a close game. We get into the early parts of the fourth quarter. It was fourth and two. We had just crossed over the, the, the, the midfield we were on, I think their 47. And I went for it. But before I went for it, my thought was, man, we can punt it down there, trap 'em, we've been playing great defense all day. Force him on a, on a four, a three and out, get the ball back right here. Yeah. And I hear the numbers say, go for it. I thought about it, I went for it, And we got stopped. And the next thing you know, it was three plays they scored. Yeah. And then It was over. That's momentum. Yeah. It was over. We, we couldn't do anything about it. That's exactly what happened.


But we created the momentum for them by having gotten stop at midfield. Yeah. Yeah. I remember that game. I, I'm a Commanders fan, so I remember almost every game that, that you coached in. Did I Get criticized for that? I don't think so, because I think no one didn't. I think at that point it was like, what you, you gotta try something. You gotta be aggressive. You gotta go for, it sends a good message to your team. If it doesn't work out, it doesn't work out. You, you don't get criticized as much. But, But think about if, because we played good defense all day until that, until that series, we punt it down there, go three and out, and then they gotta punt it back to us. There is one thing I did criticize you for that I, I feel like I should bring up, because looking back on it, it's a very funny sequence that happened.


Do you remember? This is like the Sean McVay test. Like how, how many plays do you remember off the top of your head? Do you remember there being four minutes, 44 seconds left in the fourth quarter against the Rams down 14 points. Do you remember that? Yep. Ball on the one yard line. Yep. And then I think by the time we got done with that possession, I think there was like, I don't know, 30 seconds left, they could take a knee and I think it took us like four minutes to score a touchdown because every single play, the play clock got down to like three, two or one second left before we, we snapped the ball. What, what was going on? What was going on in the head of your And the head? And mine was, let's go with this. Pick up his tempo. His tempo. Was it guys, we got it sometimes trying to to be too perfect as play callers, we do that.


And so you're trying to make sure you have the right play, the right sequence. You know what I'm saying? And, and, and you, you want guys to just, Hey, sometimes you just gotta, you just gotta wing it. Fun, fun. Side note on that one. I think it was the longest time ever to expire off of a game clock to get one yard in a touchdown, I believe in, in the NFL history. But then the thing that I did criticize you for on that one was it's an analytical thing. So it's a numbers test. You're down by 14, you score a touchdown. Do you go for two? No, I don't believe in it. The problem with it is what happens if you don't? Well, then you have to go for two next time. Yeah. You go Go for two the next time. Right. You kick it and you go for two the next time.


Well, so yeah. So if you don't get the two point conversion Yep. Then you're down by eight points. Right. But, but what happens? What happens to your momentum? Well, you still have to score another touchdown. I know, But what happens to your momentum? Yeah. I, I don't Know. You just killed the momentum you got by scoring that touchdown. You Think if you don't get a two point Conversion, what's wrong with putting it all on the line? The very last play of the game? Oh, you go for two at the last play of The game. Yeah. Wow. I'm, I I'm okay with that. I like when we watched Todd Bowles the other day in the, the Bucks Chiefs Match up Yeah. Against Kansas City. You're on the road, you're playing a a much better, healthier team. Nobody expected you to win. Go for it In, in the game. Right there. Don't put the ball in Patrick Mahomes hands in overtime.


Right. And, and, and, and I think that's part of your, your thought process when you get into games like that is who's their quarterback? Yeah. Okay. What, what, what can I do to, to, to, to to, to have, you know, have things happen, make things work. And if it is against a Patrick Mahomes, I'm going for two at the end of the game. Yeah. Okay. I, and, and I'll look at that thing, and that checklist is one of the things that I, that, that, that's on it. Who's the quarterback? Yeah. Okay. But underneath it, I put things to consider. How are we playing defensively? I'll tell a great story. We were playing in 2013. First time we win the division in like, seven years. Okay. And I just got there. This was my third season. We're playing the New Orleans Saints at home.


Okay. Our punter had been kicking the ball Great. All day. Been pinning him inside the 20, just killing him. Just doing a great job defensively. It was, it was a low scoring game. So we, we, we were playing very well against we, Sean Peyton's offense. And I thought, man, if we can punt it down there, get it inside the, the 15 to 10, go three and out, man. We'll, we'll be right back at midfield. So I punted. Okay. I punt it. One of my best friends in the world, Tom, this, I'm not, can't tell you his last name, but Tom calls me Brady. No. Oh. Calls me. Coughlin calls me. Okay. It's Coughlin while the game is happening and says, Ron, what are you doing?


You'll never get the ball back. Now my phone's inside my, my locker. Okay. No, no, but it's inside my locker. Okay. Okay. What are you doing? You'll never get the ball back. I ca Oh. And he hangs up. Okay. Free and out. They punt to us. We get the ball, score the touchdown to win the game. Okay. I was getting killed. I was getting killed on TV by it. Yeah. Okay. So I finished the game. I go into my locker and my phone is just blowing up. I go, what the hell? So I look at it, see my friend's name. I said, lemme listen to it. So I listen to it.


What are you doing? You'll never get the ball back. You, I can't, I can't believe he did. He hangs up. Then all of a sudden I see there's another one from him. Disregard that last message. Oh man. Tom Coughlin was wrong. No, it wasn't Coach Coughlin. It wasn't Coach Coughlin. But, but the point being is that sometimes you have to look at it and say, this is the right thing to do. Which it was. Yeah. Because we were playing good defense. Our punter was on spot on, and so IIII took the shot. Yeah. All that other stuff does make a difference. You can't just go by the numbers. Right. It's A Appeal. There's appeal to the game. I think the numbers help a lot. Right. But, but, but, but think about it, Sean Payton, you know, your Drew's your quarterback.


I mean, come on. You know, you give him the ball at midfield, he's gonna get in the field goal range. Yeah. Yeah. You know, now it's a different game. Yeah. Now you're down two scores. As a, as a Washington Football slash Commanders fan, I, I saw you go into that franchise, and what I felt, at least for the last 25 years has been basically an unwinnable situation with all the chaos and your first, like, three seasons. There were so many off the field storylines that happened that there was too many, it was just chaos for you. Yeah. And I, I, I, I firmly felt that it was, it's a raw deal for anybody to walk in that environment added onto all top all of that stuff. On top of it. You kind of had to oversee a name change Yep.


To the team. What was that process like? Was it, was it Dan being like, we're gonna call him the commanders and I'm No, he Was Camera in your face and be like, Hey. Yeah, good name. It was very structured. No, no. They, they, they really did do a good job doing all the marketing research, trying to figure it out. First of all, as soon as they found out there was gonna be a name change, you should have seen how many people claim the names that, that were out there. Oh, yeah. Red Wolves was claimed. Red Tails was claimed, you know, it's just going down the list. People kept, you know, getting the, the, the, the, the, the, the copyrights to all this stuff. Yeah. You know, the trademarks to all this stuff. And, and, and so, you know, people were jacking prices up and, you know, just basically holding 'em for ransom and, and so, but anyways, what they did, what, what the organization did was they, they went out and they hired a marketing firm that came up with a number of different names, and then they started interviewing alumni.


They interviewed fans, people throughout the league to get their opinion on things. And then they came down with what were the top 10. And then they brought 'em to me and gave me an opportunity to look at 'em and tell me which ones did I like the most, and which ones, you know, I really liked the Warriors 'cause of Native, but, but the whole point was to get away from being native Well, warrior hey. No, because of the, the soldiers, the military. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that was a big part of it, the military reasoning behind it. That's why, how they came up with commanders. Yeah. You know, 'cause you, you think of all the way from George Washington, you know, all the way to Schwartzkoff, I mean, to all these great military leaders that were in DC Yeah. Yeah. These were the people that they also wanted to pay tribute to.


And I think that was a big part of it. And, and a roundabout way of keeping the, the native emblem involved. Yeah.


We'll get back to Coach Ron Rivera in a second. He's brought to you by Coors Light. No matter what happens between your favorite rivals this week, you've got a chance to win. Just go to the PMT Instagram. Tell us how you prepare for a rivalry game. With Coors Light, you get an opportunity to win the Coors Light Rivalry shirt. Five winners will be selected every Saturday until December 7th. So, remember, when rivalries get a little overheated, choose chill. Keep those things cool. By reaching for the mountain cold refreshment of Coors Light. Coors Light is mountain bottled refreshment, literally made to chill. It's cold lager cold filtered, cold packaged. It's as crisp and as refreshing as the Rockies. It's perfect for a moment to unwind. I'm gonna be having some Coors Light this weekend. I'm gonna be down in Oxford, Mississippi tonight, Friday with Pup Punk. We're gonna be playing a free show down there. Mincy might even get involved. Might even do a stage dive. I'm gonna be relaxing with an ice cold Coors Light on stage. The mountains are gonna be so blue. Even the biggest rivals agree. When it's time to cool things down, enjoy the game. You choose Chill, then reach for Coors Light. Gonna see some Georgia fans in town for the big game, and I bet you they're gonna be drinking Coors Light too. And just chilling out. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it in pretty much anywhere that sells beer. That's coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company, golden Colorado.


Coach Rivera is also brought to you by Blue Chew. Have better Sex with Blue Chew. Blue Chew is the original brand offering tubal tablets. These erection enhancing tablets help men achieve stronger, harder, longer lasting erections for sexual activities. And it's all done from the comfort of home with Blue Chew. Say goodbye to performance anxiety and say hello to stronger, longer lasting erections. These chewable tablets have the same active ingredients that you'd find in Viagra, Cialis, and La Vitra, but they're in a chewable form and they're a fraction of the cost. Blue Chew is all about having confidence when it comes time to perform and having happy and healthy relationships. Blue Chew subscriptions include a free online consultation, 24 7 medical support and delivery straight to your door every month. Chew it and do it. If you want more confidence in the bedroom, use code PMT for your first month for free. First month free with code p mt@bluetwo.com. Check 'em out thanks to Blue two for sponsoring the pod. And now here's more. Ron Rivera.


So you, you went, you went from David Tepper to Dan Snyder as owners. You got to see both those management styles. What's the, what's the difference between the two of those guys? I, I think Mr. Snyder, Dan was very reactionary and he was impacted a lot by things around him, you know, and, and he was somebody that was really, truly a fan. He loved everything about the Redskins. He really did. And I, I think that was one of the things that drove him to become the owner of the Redskins, was that this was his chance. He loved everything about him, but he was very emotional about it, and, and really got vested in it and wanted to win, but didn't quite understand how to go about it.


You know? And, and he, he was trying to find the right, right way to do it. And, and there was just, there, there was just, there was, there were too many outside interferences to to, to get it done the way you wanted it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I mean, it makes sense. It was, it was a mess. Yeah. The, the off the field stuff in DC for, for years was like, it's hard. It's hard to focus on winning football games when you have to deal with like, lawsuits. Well, stadium breaking down. But, but Where it really became a hassle was it infiltrated the locker room. Okay. And every time something came up, I, I would, I would plead with the, the, the media to, Hey, just stick with me. Ask me the question. Don't ask the players.


You know, I, I got mad a couple times. I said, why, why do you wanna go and ask these guys? These guys weren't here when it happened. Yeah. So why are we asking them? Let's, you know, and I, so I came up with this, Hey, let's talk about what's important, not what's interesting. Okay. What's interesting is all that what's important is what we do on the football field. I'm not saying what happened to these people is not in, is not important. I'm just saying for us, for what we do in our lives is football. Yeah. Let's stay focused on that. That, that was my battle every day was when something came up every day, every day I had to deal with them. Yeah. So you also, in your travels, you've been part of basically the only time the Bears had been good when they obviously won the Super Bowl in 85 and then went to the Super Bowl in oh six as defensive coordinator.


What, what was it about Buddy Ryan, what's your best buddy Ryan story? Because I, I mean, I love, oh my gosh, I, I think there's a, a thing in Chicago where it's a little too much talking about 85 bears, because we haven't had anything else to, to talk about. Like, gotta gotta move on. But whenever I hear a buddy, Ryan or a Dick a story, they're always the best. Oh, yeah. So what, what was it about Buddy, or what was the story that encapsulates buddy? You know, buddy had this, had this way of, of tearing things down to build it back up. And he really did. He, he, I mean, he got on you and he wanted to make sure you understood that we were not gonna be the reason we didn't win. We were gonna be the best.


And that was it. And he pushed people, he pushed us. He really did. He got after us. And, and, and, and if you didn't un if you, if you couldn't keep the personal side separate, you took it too personal. Okay. And I understood, and I got it right away because I grew up in a military family. And so, you know, you've seen it, you've seen drill sergeants get on people. Shoot, I was walking down the street as a kid one day, and, and this, this, this lieutenant colonel stops his car and starts yelling at all of us. Next thing you know, we're, we're lined up, shoulder by shoulder, we're walking down the street and we're picking up garbage, putting in a garbage can. Okay? And then he says, well, I'm gonna take all your kids' name and I'm gonna call your parents.


So, you know, you run home and you, you, so you tell your parents, Hey, you know, Colonel Smith, he pulled us over and had us do this, this, this, and this, And we really weren't doing anything wrong, daddy. And he starts laughing. I said, dad, what's so funny? He goes, the colonel just wanted you to clean up the, the park. Yeah. He thought it was a mess. So, yeah. It's so personal. Yeah. He is just, yeah. And so then all of a sudden you realize that there's a reason why you're being told to do things that you don't wanna do. Yeah. You know, and it makes sense. But for, for me personally, with Buddy and I, I, and, and, and I'll never, and I'm forever grateful to him for this, so my rookie year buddy used to stand behind defense about 35, 40 yards back. And he would watch the plays and, and the way we used to do offense defense, it was 22, 24, 25 plays in a row for offense.


Then 22, 24, 25 plays for defense. So buddy would stand back there and he would just signal the plays into Mike Singletary, and then Mike would call the defense and we'd, you know, take our snaps and go through it for 24 straight plays. So one day, probably about my third or fourth week in the league, during the regular seats, and I hear this Chico, my nickname was Chico. Chico. So I, he, so I said, yeah. So I go running back there and he doesn't say anything. He just points. So I stand next to him. I, he doesn't say a word to me for, for a couple plays. So then he signals in, he goes, what's the call? He said, well, you just signaled 46 blitz to formation. He said, okay, good. He said, all right, formation.


What's, what's the call? I said, oh, you wanna run Samurai? He says, why do I wanna run Samurai? Samurai was Mike Singletary, blitzing straight down the gut. I said, why do you want, well, you want, you want Mike to blitz inside, because the two backs are in a split formation, because they're in a split formation. They're probably gonna go fast out into the flats, and there will be nobody to pick Mike up, and he can get pressure on the quarterback. All right. You're paying attention to meetings. So that's what would happen. He'd call the d he'd ask me questions. He said, you know why I'm calling this defenses? Yeah. You want Otis to jam the crap out of the tight end so he doesn't get a free release. That's why we're in an under front. He said, good, good, good. You know, and he kept, he would kept testing me and asking me these questions before I realized that he was training me. Yeah. He was teaching me.


So, you know, I I, I finally get a chance to go in and play a game. And it was against, it was against Detroit. In Detroit. Mike gets hurt just before the half. I came and played the second half for Mike, And we win the game. I played pretty well. I actually got a scoop and scores, dent sack. Cause no, there was a swing pass. Dent hit the guy, the guy fumbled it. I scooped it up and scored. But the point being this is that he was preparing me for an opportunity to play. So when I finally got my opportunity to play, I was ready to go. Yeah. And, and, and Buddy had this great way of making you feel like that Chico, when you go in there, if you screw up and he use the f-bomb on me, I will pull your ass out so fast.


You wouldn't know what happened. So I went out there and I mean, I was, you know, I didn't wanna make a mistake. Yeah. He set the expectations that I, you did, I I would assume too, like that ability to teach you and have you comfortable where you could play free. Yeah. Because that's the teams that play free. You play fast. Yeah. Right. You Play fast is exactly what he did. He wanted us to play fast. And he always talked about playing fast. But he was, but I mean, just the way that I was getting this education, standing back there with him watching as things were happening, it was amazing. That's Awesome. And I, I, I, I, you know, we, we, people should watch a pro football show that's coming out. So this is coming out on Friday. So tonight Pro football show will also be out, which was great 'cause we went through every game. I did bring up one bad thing that I wanted to get a little more on because we, we kind of moved past it.


But you were part of the 2010 Chargers. Yep. The number one offense, the number one defense, the worst special teams of all time, nine and seven. What does it do to a team? I feel like fans, we forget special teams And we don't really, everyone knows it, but it's like, oh, until there's a missed kick, then you start talking about it. What does it do for a team when your special teams is costing you games in that way? And you're like, we just have to keep going out there. 'cause that was an incredible team that should have been in the playoffs. It Was, but it was very deflating. And the thing that, that you have to look at is what caused it. What caused it was there were several major injuries. And so the next man up mentality was guys off the special teams.


Yeah. So now these guys are in full-time roles. And so now you, where, where's your special teams guy come from? Yeah. It comes from the street. And he is not as good as the guys that have been playing. So now that special teams coach has to retrain a group of guys that he, he's not familiar with. And that year we had a number of injuries where we just putting guys, plugging guys in and you know, next thing you know, you know, guys that were defensive ends or outside linebackers that were running down our kickoff. Now they're getting, they're getting opportunities to, to play your Sean Merriman got hurt. Yeah. You know, and, and, and, and so we had to take a guy and plug them in to, to, to play for us. And he wasn't on special and he was a big loss. Yeah. So when you lose guys that were big impact for it, it happens, but it's very deflating.


Yeah. Did you ever think about just kicking it outta bounds every time? Well, Even on kickoffs, just be like, we'll just take the Yeah, that Was, that was a tough one. I mean No, I, I, I know exactly what you said. Yeah. There were some tough and you would, you would expect it, you know, we, we'd be able to get through it and unfortunately we didn't. It, and it did show, got punch, blocked, return for touchdowns punch, return for touchdowns. I mean, that was, that was tough on it. It really was. It was a hard thing. Yeah. And you, and you, and it was, you know, previously you were with, you know, the Bears and, and Deon Hester, did you count from, as a defensive coordinator, do you count special teams like punt returns as a touchdown for the defense? Because I kind of do. The league does. Yeah. Yeah. That, that, that should be your, your Touchdown. So that that impacts you. Yeah. That yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because like, we did our job and, and Deon Hester's an extension of the defense here.


Yeah. Yeah. So that's, it's crazy. Yeah. I, I'll tell a great story. So my, my, my first year in the league as a head coach, we're playing against the Bears, and my special teams coach comes to me and says, look, this is the plan we used when I was with this other team. We would mortar the kick away from Devon as high as we could, 35, 45 yards. We just accepted the fact that the balls only go 35 to 45 yards. We're not gonna put that kind of pressure covering him. Coach, if that's, I, I love, you know, I loved it. I thought it was a great idea we could eliminate Devin. Well, our kicker wasn't, or our punter wasn't all in. He said, oh, you know, he was worried about his average Yeah.


And his next contract. Yeah. Right. And he's going, you know, Hey, I can angle kick it away from him. I can directional, you know, kick it outta bounds, make it, but I can get it out there. I said, look, I like the plan. We could control what happens. We can kick it high. And if it's 35 yards, that's me. I'll, I'll, I'll accept that. Okay. But we're gonna over the top mortar kick it just like the Aussies do with that back spin. So we get in the game, very first one, he kicks the line drive. And one second, Devin was over here. The next second he was crossing the goal line. Yeah. And I lost it. I went over there and I said, if that ball is not mortar kicked high, we will have an issue.


So after the game, we lose by seven. Yeah. Or six, whatever it was. But we lost because of the return, we had a chance to win that game. So as the media does, I'm getting killed, Ron, you were here. Why would you, you, why, why would you kick it to him? I said, look, we had a plan. Unfortunately, we didn't, we didn't execute the plan the way we wanted it to. And that's the truth. Yeah. Okay. So I never read the paper when I was a coach. I never, and I very rarely ever listen to any broadcasts. So I'm getting ready for my team meeting the next Monday morning and my wife calls, I think you need to look at the paper.


I said, what are you talking about? She says, just read it. So I find the article, I read the article and gone to, to, to, to, to a player and said to the player, said, you know, why would you guys kick him? Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And the player says, well, you know what, what, what we did last year was good. It worked. I said, what you did last year worked. I, that was it. Yeah. I, I, I had this presentation all set to, you know, no, I walked into that meeting room and every player was seated. And I said, I, I, you know, I fell on the sword. I took, I took it, I took the brunt of it. Okay. I accepted the blame on kicking the ball to Devin Hester.


That was not the plan. The plan was not that I said, but somebody told me what you did last year was good enough. If being two and 14 is good enough for you, you're not on my football team. I don't need people like that. I need people that wanna aspire to be better than that. If we're not gonna do the things that we're asked, you don't belong here. And I threw the paper down and walked out. Wow. Yeah. So Devin Hester and that, and then you, you, the turnaround starts. So Devin Hester, that moment was probably pretty galvanizing for all the guys to buy in. Well, For those who didn't buy in, it sure wasn't. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For those that did buy in, did believe in what we were trying to do. That what happens is when you go to a team, you gotta get, you gotta get past what I say is, here we go again.


Okay. We can't always fall back to what I used to do. 'cause if what you used to do is what got the other guy fired, we're not gonna do, okay. We're gonna go out and we're gonna find the right way to do it, and we're gonna do it the right way. A lot of things that I tried to do were the things that I had learned from Mike Dicker, buddy Ryan, Norv Turner, Andy Reed, and Lovey Smith. Okay. Everybody there was successful and they had a plan and they did things the right way. Yeah. I, I like, I like hearing you fired up like that. Yeah. I feel like we just got our ass chewed out. Yeah. I wanna be like, sorry Coach, I'm ready to Be all in.


I'm sorry that they punted into dead master coach. Yeah. Yeah. Have you ever like, chewed a guy's ass out? Too bad and you have to like, walk it back and be like, maybe I went overboard on that. I Did. Yeah. I did. And, and, and, and the biggest thing is that, that I felt I did, and it happened in Carolina, was I apologize in front of the whole team. I said, first of all, whenever I get mad at you guys, please don't ever think it's personal. Okay. And if you ever do feel it's personal, please come see me. Alright. I did it one time as a coordinator too, and did it to a very good football player too, who didn't talk to me the rest of the day. And so I asked him to come into my office and he did.


And we started to talk. And that's when I, that happened before I became a head coach. And that's when I realized it appeared and it seemed personal. So I got in front of the guys and I apologized when I was the defensive coordinator of the Chargers to the, to the whole group and to the player specifically. Then when I did it in Carolina, it was, you know, and it cost us a game, but it seemed personal and it should not have seemed or felt personal in my opinion. So that's, so, so at that point, I have to apologize. Yeah, Yeah. In Carolina, when Cam Newton would text you, would he send you the text in that weird font? Yeah. Yes. First time you saw that, you were like, what the hell is it? Is he hieroglyphic you made?


Basically, it was, and I was trying to read it and understand it. I'm gonna tell you what, that was one of the greatest competitors I've ever been around. It really is. I mean, he, he, he, he did things the way you should do 'em. When you're on that football field and you're in those meetings, that's how you do things. It, it was tremendous. I remember one time, I'll never forget, I walked into the, the quarterback meeting room. Mike Shula running the meetings, and Cam was upside down on, on his chair. He was leaned over and washing it like, like this. And, and I'm sitting there and I didn't say a word. So they finished the meetings, we out to practice and Coach Shula comes up to me and says, says, coach, coach, this is the play that you walked in on.


I said, okay. I watched the play. He threw it perfectly, play action off a waggle action, whipped his head around, spotted the free safety, and threw it opposite away from the leverage. Big play. Didn't say it word. Yeah. Okay. So Cam comes up to me, he starts reciting the play. And I, and I said, Hey, whatever it takes, however you do your thing, you be you. Yeah. You could watch it from whatever, every angle you want to. It was amazing though. But he could repeat. I, I would go through a whole meeting and not think he was paying attention.


Yeah. And I would just look at him and he'd come up to me and he'd recite it almost verbatim. You'd sit there and go, dude. I mean, I just, I, I, but, but he, it was him. That's who he was. And then, so his focus, his attention, it was there. Yeah. Yeah. Has, has there ever been a point as you're dealing with personnel and head coaching where head coach Ron Rivera got pissed off at gm, Ron Rivera? You know, when I was in Washington, I had some responsibilities that quite honestly, I, I, I really didn't like having. Yeah. And big part of it was, was, was with personnel and you sit there and, and you make decisions sometimes based on what you're told. You have a salary cap or you have injury factors.


And you start listening to, to the, the, the financial side of it. You start looking at the, at the impact of your salary cap on your, on your roster and the future and all this stuff instead of the moment. 'cause you wanna win in the moment. You really do. Because, you know, there's nothing like the here and now as far as I'm concerned, because 'cause you're judged on the here and now. You're not judged on what's gonna happen in the future. Right. A general manager might be, but a head coach never is. Right. Right. Right. So I feel like that's, that's something that I look around the league and I see, you know, teams that are, are clearly not in position to win Now, like a team like the Titans, right? Yep.


They're trying to build for the future. That's definitely what they're doing. They're making a bunch of trades, getting a bunch of draft picks in. So that's good for the front office, the head coach, his job is to win his coach, is to make these players play as good as possible. But see if you do that early on, when they first get there and do it that way, you have a chance to grow it and develop it. You know? 'cause 'cause right now, if you're looking at the Titans, what would you say to one thing that they really feel like they need? Probably Quarterback. Yeah. Right. 'cause you look at everything else and you go, wow, this is, I mean, defense was there playing solid rock solid defense. They really are. Yeah. Offense, they run the ball really well. Yeah. You know, then you sit there and go, wow. And they do have some talented young receivers that are gonna grow and develop.


So let's put the rest of it together. And if we get a chance to get a young quarterback now, you can build off of that. Yeah. You know, it's funny because I was asked in a press conference a couple years ago, maybe you remember, so what's the big difference between you guys and the other three teams in your division? My answer was quarterback and people got smug at me. I asked the same question the other day to a group of people. What's the difference between Washington right now and Washington Iha? Well, they got quarterback. Yeah. It's a quarterback driven league, folks. Yeah. You kind of got us a quarterback. Yeah. Thank you. What, you know what I, I'm gonna take back every bad thing I said about the end of the game in that Rams game, because without that, without that loss, I don't have Jane Daniels we're picking like fifth or sixth.


Yeah. Yeah. So thank you. But it is, it's Quarterback. No, it is, it's quarterback driven league. And, and again, the approach being is that if you're coming in to begin with and you accept that and you understand that, and you're willing to be patient, you can do that. My first two years in Carolina, that's what Mr. Richardson did. Yeah. He understood that we were building and what did we get? Quarterback. Quarterback. We got our quarterback on offense And we got our quarterback on defense. Luke Keekley. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Both guys at one point were rookie of the year, and both guys at one point were the MVP of their side of the ball. Yeah. I just think it's an interesting dynamic sometimes that you have a front office that all things being equal, like for the Titans, we'll, we'll use them as another example.


Again, if they lose a game, the front office is like not the end of the world. Our draft picks better. If you lose a game as a head coach, you're like, shit, this, this feels awful. Like yes, it does. I'm doing, I'm planning my entire week. I'm putting all my effort into making sure we win this football game. Yep. And the, the, there seems to be like a conflict in what is a good outcome each week. And I just don't know how, how teams get around that. I guess if you're building from the ground up as a first year head coach, like you can, you can have your eye on the big picture while still understanding he's gonna go out there and try to win, right? Correct. I mean, and, and that, that to me is the thing. I mean, you know, a lot of people said the worst thing that happened to us was, was I, I tried to win my first year And we did, we won the division, but guess where we picked 17?


Right. You know, I mean, when you're picking in the middle of the road and you have other needs, you end up sometimes settling. Yeah. And, and that's something that I, I, in all honesty, looking back, gosh, I wish I had recognized and realize certain things too. I mean, it, it, it does affect the way you approach things. Yeah. Yeah. Well, coach, this has been awesome. I got one last question for you.


It's Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase, Q ZIPPs, polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code. Take


c McCaffrey is maybe gonna come back this weekend. You obviously had him in Carolina. At what point, and it might have been, you know, the minute he walked in the door, were you like, oh my God, this is, this is not only special, but like a weapon like this that we get to use. What, what at what point were you like, that's different? I think it, it was, you know, when we put the pads on, I mean, that's when you kind of start judging, but you put the pads on and, and, and you know, we were a, we were a power team, you know, we, we were a gap scheme. We went downhill. We tried to hit the crease and he pops. One of the first ones he runs in full pads, when it was a, was a, it was a, it was a thud drill, you know, where you could smack the court, the running back, but you had to let him finish the run.


And he went through untouched. So I went back into the huddle, I said, defense, hey, you can hit the, you can hit the running back. It's okay to hit the running back. And one of 'em said, coach, we try. Yeah. And I said, Ooh, okay. Okay. So then I went back and I looked at it on tape and it was pretty impressive. Yeah, it really was. It was. But what I think you really realize it was, it was all the other stuff he did. He got out early, he warmed up before practice. Okay. He got done. He warmed down after practice. He went in, he took care of his body. He got in the ice tub. Okay. He got in a hot tub. He did all the extra stuff that you're supposed to do to take, and he did it as a rookie, obviously his dad playing in his league, his wife, his wife, his mother being an All American soccer player, had a lot to do with his growth and development because they understood what it, what he was gonna go through.


Yeah. And so he was that mature when he showed up. Wow. Yeah. So you knew right away. That's very cool. Oh, he was tremendous. I'll tell you right now, he's, he was one of, that's how great a kid he is. Okay. I should say kid, young man. He is, we played him last year and, you know, the game was over and, you know, they had won. And, and that's when they were rolling. He was playing really well. And so he came over, you know, we shook hands, we talked a little bit and he said, coach, you ever need anything, just give a holler. I said, you know what? I never asked you for a jersey. He goes, you can have this one. I said, really? He says, oh, yeah. He went in, signed it, gave it to his equipment guy and said, put it in a, in a, in a, in a, in a plastic cover. And sent it to Coach. And they sent it to me.


I got it the next, it was, it was really cool. That's awesome. It was really cool. I mean, he, he really is. He's one of my guy. He was one of my favorite guy. He really was. Yeah. Just because of who he was and the way he did things. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I guess I did a bad job right off the top, checking it. How are you feeling? Are you doing okay? Yeah, I am. I am. Thank you. Yeah, I've got one more year left of, of, of, of, of doing my, my annual and, and hopefully it'll, it'll come up and not come Yeah. Continue to be the way it's supposed to be. Yeah. Very cool. Glad to hear it. And, and you're watching every NFL game or trying to, maybe not every game, taking a, a walk for the afternoon games, but is there, is there like a player that you've seen now that you get to watch the entire league where you're like, that guy is really, really underrated? Gosh, you know, I, I know I've said that a couple of times just watching guys, but, but I, I think about the flashes right now, and I think of Sequan Barkley jumping backwards, I think of watching Jayden Daniels, the way he plays with such confidence.


I mean, it, it, it's, it's, it's just tremendous to watch that confidence. Watching Matt sta Matthew Stafford, you know, I, IIII, I got to do that game against the Raiders. And when he got, when he got Puka and Cooper back out there, and just the way he played it was just like, God, people don't understand the impact that those two guys have on the entire offense as well. Yeah. I mean, it was that impressive. Yeah. Well, thank you so much, coach. People are gonna be listening to us after it, but we're gonna, we're gonna watch Ball with you tonight. I'm very excited. I'm looking forward to that. It's fun. It's be a great game. I, and thank you. We're, we loved having you come by and anytime you wanna stop back by, we, it was awesome. Well, I appreciate it guys. Thank you.


Welcome back to another Fyre Fest Of The Week, brought to you by our friends at Morgan and Morgan. You know, it really sucks having a spider infestation out on your patio. You know, you know what else really sucks getting injured, but you know, it doesn't suck. Calling Morgan Morgan so they can help you get what you deserve. While they can't help destroying all the pests and arachnids that are out on your porch, they can't help fight to get you full and fair compensation when injured. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's again for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone.


Okay. Fire fest of the week. Usually the couch starts first. Yeah. That's how we, that's how we typically go. And then the booth ends it. So Max, This is a fire fest. I don't like being here. What's wrong On this couch? This is Hank. This is Hank's spot. Pug is forcing me here. He's the president. You have to do what the president says. I know, I know. I'm listening to the president for now. So, what's your fire fest? Oh, I was almost about to say something. Were you gonna say Hank? No. What were you gonna say? I don't Just say It. What Were you gonna say? I was gonna say, what's your fire fest fat boy? That is my fire. I don't know why, but you're sitting right here.


It's just different. No, I know. I don't like it. But that actually is my fire fest. I started counting calories this week. I started logging everything. Wait, wait, wait. Explain. And Thursday, explain. Explain to everyone because I know why you're counting calories. It's a very funny reason. Oh, Yes. It's a very funny reason you told me this and I was just like, What? I, I think, no, I think you agree with me. Yeah, no, I do. I think most people agree with me. Yes. So my mom's been on my ass to get a physical, I haven't got a physical in five years since, like before I joined Barstool. So I purpose, she's actually gonna be listening to this right now. Mom. I'm telling you right now, I could have got a, a physical the day that I scheduled it, but I got it three weeks. I, I got a physical three weeks from the day I scheduled it so I could get three weeks of trying to lose weight preseason before I go to the Physical.


Yeah, yeah. Yes. That's good. You're getting in shape for your like, measurements. I'm Doing the same thing right now. I have a physical the week after you. I haven't gotten one in 10 years. I, Yeah. It's crazy. It's scary. Very Scary. Is it gonna be depressing if you go after like a three week diet to get your physical and they're like, you need to lose weight. No, no, no. That is what that is. That's a thousand percent going. But, but it's gonna be lose less weight. Weight. But it's not going to be like, holy shit, you're gonna die within. It's gonna be like, and no, it's still probably gonna be that, but it'll, it'll just be not as bad. It's, it's, it's mentally, it's like a longer version of, you know, brushing really hard and flossing right before the dentist. Right? Yeah. And wait, are you getting your physical right before Thanksgiving?


Yes. Smart man. Yes. Smart Man. Literally the week before, like the exact to the day, the week before Thanksgiving. Should we share our results? No, I think we should. No, I'm getting one the week after You. No, I am not share. I'm not, I'm Standing. I'll share my results. I'll share mine. Me and Max are chasing 70. No, I feel like we, we should all get physicals. Put the results on the table. No, I'm not putting this is, this is hipaa. It is actually is hip. Well, no, HIPAA mean it's you sharing it. I'm gonna share mine. I'm too, I, you, you are trying to make me share It. I'm not, I'm just saying I'm gonna share mine. Will you, will you Dance? I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll tango Let me see the result. Let me see what goes on and then I'll decide.


Okay. Yeah, you could flub some numbers, But also the FY fest as we keep, I'm saying this and Hank and I are what we, what we got for dinner tonight was absurd. Well, coach Rivera was here, you know, he spent a lot of time in his life in Chicago and he was like, Hey, I, I want some Lou Miles and I want some Portillos. Like no Problem. And we had can's. Yeah. He wanted, he wanted to eat Chicago. Yeah. Yeah. If you look at the kitchen right now Had separate pizza place. Yeah. There's Two, we had two pizza places, Two pizza places, and all the hot dogs and Italian sandwiches and Chicken fingers And chicken fingers. And I credit to Max, I walked through the kitchen at one point and Large, giant chocolate Cake. Yeah. So I was walking in the kitchen at one point, and Jerry was like, max, have some of this cake, have some of this chocolate cake.


And Max was like, no, I can't do it. He is like, just have a little bit. He was really pushing the cake hard on Max. And Max was like, no, I will not eat that cake. Good for you, max. Yeah. So I got, I got separate sushi and I, and I'm tracking, I'm tracking all my cows and it's tough. Sunday's gonna be, Sunday's gonna be brutal. Sunday's Gonna, yeah. Brutal. It's hard chasing 70 max. You're gonna look like Bartolo cologne when you did the pitching thing. It's gonna be awesome. Which by the way, that's Another fucking fire coming but Coming. That's coming up. That's coming up And, and teaser. It is nowhere near the challenge that PFT No. Come on. No offense to our guys at UIC who very welcoming.


Did. They Don't say it. Don't, let's not tease it. Or did they It's Should we just say it? It's no. Did they, well, let me, I won't say it, but Yes, they did. They Yeah, they Did. Yes they did. I could remember. Yes, they did. So, Oh man, they're that good. They did. They did. Yeah, I did. Yeah, they did. Okay. And Vickie's the umpire. Okay. PFT, Whoever that could be. So my Fyre Fest Of The Week, it's not for me per se, but it's for Brian Kelly. Okay. In his shoes. I, I will submit this fire fest. LSU we love LSU, we love LSU, we love Mike the tiger. Don't we?


We love Mike the Tiger. Great tiger. Go. Tigers. They used to in the past have a live tiger on the sidelines during games, which rocks. That's what's awesome about college football, which is they don't give a fuck. Fuck it. Put the tiger on the sidelines. We'll figure out the liability later. They no longer have the tiger on the sidelines for, I guess, ethical treatment of animal stuff. Okay. I think some of the, some of the advocacy groups got to them and said, Hey, maybe don't drag this tiger around and bring 'em into a stadium where he gets confused. Okay. So LSU said, okay, we'll, we'll, we'll take 'em off the sidelines. And that was kind of the, the rule for a long time. And it appears that they are now bringing a tiger back onto their sidelines.


Ooh. This weekend. That's cool. Right? I I think that's cool. However, it seems like it might be a fake mike, the tiger that they're putting on the sidelines, because people took pictures of Mike in his beautiful enclosure that he has on campus at LSU and they compared the stripes and they think that it's a duplicate Mike. Oh no. They think it's a fake Mike the tiger that they've brought in, and Mike is some, who knows where Mike is. He could have been abducted. I hope he's safe. If you can hear this Mike growl three times. But the mike, the tiger that's on the campus right now is allegedly a fake mike that the governor of Louisiana got from some cat sanctuary in Florida.


Maybe Carol Baskins cat sanctuary. I don't know. That's where hers is. This is bad. And they're gonna use this new fake mike the tiger, and bring that tiger into the stadium on Saturday. That's fucked, fucked up game. So it's gonna be a fake Mike the tiger. It's a, it's a duplicate. It's a clone. The ear lobes don't attach. That's bullshit. So there's some fucked up stuff going. And now Brian Kelly has to be answering questions about whether or not the real Mike the tiger, is gonna be in the stadium on Saturday. Which is like, that's, that's such a funny scenario. Oh yeah. To think about, oh, is Brian Kelly being like, why am I, why am I taking calls from the governor about whether or not I'm gonna have a tiger sitting next to me during a football game? I love this, But it'ss The most Louisiana thing ever. Yes.


And I love that. It's, it's fun college football stuff, but I'm gonna have my eyes on, on this mic that's gonna be at the game and I, I'm, I can almost guarantee you it's not the real mic. Yeah. In which case I am going to be betting against LSU. You have to Very hard. You have to, that's the worst vibes possible. A Fake tiger game. Can't do it. You can't do it at all. Can't Do it. Can't have it. I stand with, can't Win with it. I stand with the real mike. The tiger. Can't win with it. Nope. Can't have It. Alright. I mean, my firefighter, I had kidney stones past, past the big boy, so yeah, we're, we're on the, we're on the mend. Feel good. Don't feel like my dick is going to explode every two seconds when I go to take a piss. Did I see you say on Twitter you're pi you had to piss into a sieve.


Yeah. Did you not see me walking around with it? No. Oh yeah. That's what you gotta do when you got the stones. You gotta catch. It's Crazy. It is like a funnel and then it's got like a, it's like a, I was like a gold miner and so I was just pissing through a funnel all week. Why do you have to catch it? Just so they can test it. They analyze, which I don't know what they're gonna say. Like, you're a fat fuck and you're a piece of shit. They're gonna, if they give it back, I don't know. I think they break it up, they're Gonna look at it and they're gonna say, what is, what is it made outta secondary Market? Yeah. And if it's Right, if it's got like sodium or calcium, then they're gonna be like, well stop eating this and stop eating that. And then you're gonna say, okay, and then you're going to eat the same things. Yeah. So it's good though that it's out. I feel, I feel a lot better. Thank you for everyone.


It was a shitty, shitty five days. And now I also have to deal with, when I was putting my daughter to bed tonight, she was like, can I tell my teacher that you got the rocks outta your belly tomorrow? And I was like, yeah, I guess. Like, we're just gonna fucking, I guess it's like, what, what do you say? Like, no, don't say that. Yeah, totally saying it right now. Yeah, it is hipaa. It's fucked up. Also, I just wanna shout myself out. I finally, I have a, a bad addiction to buying. So I get into algorithms like parenting algorithms and I, I buy, there's all these like different toys that are like supposed to be educational toys and I was like, I'm like, oh, for 30 lifetime buying these and having them just suck. Finally bought a good one and it's big.


But then I got reminded how bad I am at this. So I feel back though. Nice work. It's a little puzzle toy. That's why you keep buying. Yeah. 'cause you gonna hit the gold mine at one point. Just keep going. Just keep going. Alright. Max in the booth. No, I mean we talked about it. Mine was gonna be also my, She's 70. My issues With, with dieting and, and trying to lose. He's such Fat ass. Oh. But yeah, trying to lose weight sucks. Yeah. What are you doing? I'm just eating healthy calories in, calories out and just trying again. Like I have realized that I can't snack when I'm here. This is such bullshit. I can't not snack when I'm here.


This is so bullshit. So I just bought like, I eat grapes. Watermelon Max. I'm, this isn't right. Yogurt. This isn't right Max. There was a moment during the stream today that Hank and I both went to the other part of the, of the basketball court to get our healthy snacks while everyone else was eating. We're in this together. You Know, the Same number. Yeah. But Hank, you gotta get, you gotta get strong too. I know. Eat those muscles. I know. I'm still working out. That's the, that's why it's very hard to lose weight and gain, gain muscle. But You know, it'll be very funny though. It's, I'm sorry Hank that you're going through this. Thank You. You know what'll be very funny is if you guys met in the middle. Yeah. I could. The second that this dunk shit is over, I could not, I'm going to bulk up so hard because not having to worry about what I'm eating and calories in and just calories up.


Bulk season. I'm down. Hank, you Would, you would look hilarious if you were like 220 pounds. I don't think I get to two 20. He tried to do that 10 Years ago. I got to one 90. He got A combo and I had, because all he did was drink. He just drank milk. Drank home milk. I Don't think I've been two 20 Since I the eighth grade day. Yeah. Okay. Let's finish off with numbers. Three. 3 0 99 21 17. Wow. Really man. Yep. Yeah. That's a shot at the president. Yep. Go. We'll go. 97 po. Hank Doesn't believe in those 40.


Yeah. Four. He just said three, Four. Is Hank just Saying multiple numbers? No, I'm I, I forgot. I forgot me was three. I thought you were three. I'll do 40. Wait, I'll Do 11. So three is back open? Yeah. Yeah. Four. All wait numbers. 43. 1144. Four. Four. Four. Nine. Nine. Pug four Number five. Fourth win. I thought we were just taking each other's numbers. No, I'm doing top five. Seven. Shane. Shane, get in here. 21. Is it 97?


87 0 8 7. That would've rocked if it was 97. All right. See everyone on Monday. Love you guys.