
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We have a two for for the people. We have two great interviews, Coach Dan Hurley on the show to talk about the Final Four National Championship. Also everything that's gone on the last six months in his life. Really good interview, honest interview. And then we have a great interview with Blink 180 two's, mark Hoppes. Really, really awesome conversation with him. Legend of the music industry. And we're gonna talk about the final four.


We're gonna talk about ov breaking the record, great Weekend in sports. And then we're gonna finish off with a Monday reading, which I don't think we've ever done a Monday reading for our guy Mike Florio. But Mike Florio gave us a beautiful Monday reading that we're gonna finish the show with.


We are brought to you by our friends at DraftKings when it comes to college basketball and March mania. One thing is for sure, nothing's for sure. Upsets, buzzer beaters. Cinderella's advancing top seeds going home early. It's all gonna happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with DraftKings sports folk. With live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. DraftKings is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple First time. Here's something special just for you. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly bet the unexpected with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope y, or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio.


Okay, Let's go. Football Mindset. My take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings Bet the Unexpected with DraftKings Sports book. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings.


The crown is yours. Today is Monday, April 7th, and Alexander Ovechkin is the goal King. He breaks the record. Congratulations to Ovy. Congratulations to PFT. Incredible, incredible moment. Yeah, I mean it was, it's been great watching him. That's been one guy that pretty much since I was in college, I've gotten the pleasure of watching Ovy score that same goal over and over and over and over again. Some call him a one trick pony. That's not the case. But he is very, very good at that one trick. Yes. So he, that goal that he scored, it was awesome to see him scored from his office against the Islanders as that's the same place where Gretzky scored his last goal too. Oh, they did it in the exact same number of games.


I noticed that Memes was running the account today, so he made sure to post about all class by the Islanders congratulating Ovechkin. That was the first thing that he posted. That Was the first goal. Content? No, the first goal content. He had a graphic and then the first like highlight of after that goal was the Islanders congratulating Ovie. But I agree. Memes all class. Great job by the boys in the barn. Great win today. The game on Friday though, I watched him play against the Blackhawks Big Cat. I don't know how you deal with this motherfucker. Jerry Reinsdorf. Yep. Because it was on NHL network. It was a, it was a nationally broadcast game. I couldn't watch it. I had to download an app and then pay $20 to be able to watch a month worth of Blackhawks games.


I've Been watching all the games illegally this year. Good for you. I have a workaround that I'm, I will not tell, but I have a workaround that I've been watching the games illegally because he's such a piece of shit. Yeah. I don't wanna give him money. He Sucks. So I paid 20 bucks. I need to, I need to cancel that subscription immediately so I can get my money back. But the game on Friday was awesome because Ovy had what ended up being the game winning goal. And then he could have stayed on the ice to get a hat trick. Yeah. With an empty netter. And he told Carberry the coach, no, don't put me in the game. Yeah. I don't want to, I don't wanna break this on an empty netter. So instead we got Ryan Leonard. Ryan Leonard Skynyrd first n NHL ga goal on an empty neter that could have been Oovs. So Ovy was like, fuck it. I I know it's at home. And I don't think anybody would've given him a hard time if he'd got an empty neter when he'd take into account that he also got the game winner.


And it would've been a hat trick. Right. That would kind of take away some of the, some of the sting from the haters. That might be like fake record. But he said, no, I don't wanna do it on empty netter. Instead he did it from his office. Yeah. He did it Perfectly. Perfect, perfect shot. That shot has been happening for 20 years. Yeah. He's been scoring that goal for 20 years. Nobody's ever figured out how to stop it. Nobody ever will figure out how to stop it. And then, yeah, he had, he had his two sons there. They came down on the ice. His wife, his mom was in attendance. His mom, I'm terrified of o's mom by the way. I think she could beat the fuck outta me Probably. Yeah. But it was, yeah, it was perfect. You, you didn't want, like in these memorable moments, first of all, it's crazy, this record, like I think a lot of people thought this record would never fall credit to John Gras.


He actually has the receipts in 2010. He wrote a blog being like, Hey, could Ovie break this record? And this is when Ovie was like 24 years old. Yeah. And he, he did an entire list, like being like, here's what I think he could score every year. Like throwing in injuries, throwing in, you know, maybe waning a couple years. And he's like, yeah, I think he could do it. People called him crazy then. Yeah. Because this was one of those records that's like, it's never gonna be broken. And so credit to Bucci for, for being the first call. But the fact that he did it, how he did it, not doing the empty netter scoring that goal, the celebration was perfect. You didn't want the goal to be like, you know, either like a deflection or something, you know, where it just doesn't, obviously it doesn't matter how he scores, but it was perfect that he scored that way.


Yeah. Great shot, great assist by Tom Wilson. The, the crazy thing is, well also, you're right, the celebration was perfect. Just the slide on the belly. Yeah. Just jumping. And that's, that's what I fucking love about Ovie. Throughout his entire career, every time he scores a goal, he turns into a 4-year-old. Yeah. That's like I scored goal. Yeah. And he like jumps against the glass and he freaks out. You can go back and watch the goal that he scored when he was a rookie. Yeah. His rookie season they called the goal against the coyotes where he is sliding on his back, rotates, does a tow drag pass defender, and then scores from his, from his side. Essentially. The coach of the coyotes in that, in that game was Wayne Gretzky. And you could see the look on Wayne's face after he scored that goal where he looks up at the scoreboard. He is like, holy fuck, this kid's really, really good.


Yeah. Somebody else pointed out, Brian Boucher was the goalie that day and he was the on ice reporter for the game where Ovie scored his goal and also Austin Matthews was in the crowd. Yeah. That's like the, the Chris Berman, Tom Brady thing. Austin Matthews was watching. And the, one of the craziest ones that was very cool in 2004, this date, the capitals win the draft lottery for the rights to draft vy. Yeah. So on this date, 20, whatever it is, 21 years ago, they, they're like, we're about to draft vy and our franchise is about to be completely changed. And then on this date, 21 years later, he breaks Wayne Gretzky's record, which everyone thought wasn't gonna happen.


I also was thinking PFT 'cause it is, it it it's crazy. It's like there's, it Was unbreakable. There's very few records that like still stand in all of sports where you're like, holy shit. Stop. And, and be like, man, this is crazy. This happened. I'm so, I'm so happy that he won a Stanley Cup. Yeah, I know. Because like that would've this moment, it would've changed everything. This moment would've kind of sucked. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it would've been great. It would've been super impressive that he did it, but it would've kind of sucked because it would've been true. Everybody would've like never won the big one. It's also Awesome that o's done it all in one jersey. Yes. That's something that doesn't happen often in sports as well. Like, it's very cool to think like even from a, a big, And we we're gonna about to get into NHL Playoffs, so we're gonna have biz and yans and wit on a bunch.


But like, like to have Sydney Crosby and Ovy Yeah. Be one Jersey guys and also completely live up to the hype Yeah. Is pretty cool. Yeah. Live up and surpass the hype for both of them. Yeah. And it's, it is funny 'cause over the years I used to fucking hate the Pittsburgh Penguins. I hated them so much. But now as both Ovie and Crosby get older, it's kinda kinda like you respect the other team. Yeah. It's like Dave Crosby was really, really good. Ovy was really, really good. And if you go back and look at, because I was fully prepared to battle haters, I thought that there would be many haters. Oh, I don't Think there were Any that that would, that would try to tear it down. Surprisingly, not surprisingly, everybody was like, this is great. But can I just say the things that I would've said Sure. If there had been haters Sure. I was anticipated the empty, empty Neter goals, those guys.


But again, as I've said before, if you score an empty netter, it means that you were winning the game. Correct. And a lot of those winning games were because o had scored earlier in the game. Correct. And then he had two strike shortened years essentially lost like a season and a half to, to lockouts. I don't know if they were strikes or, I think they were lockouts and then Yeah, there was One where they hockey didn't start till like January and played like whatever. Yeah. And then there was Covid and then there was a covid season. So he's lost about two seasons worth of games throughout his career. And he still did it in the exact same. He's still going, he still going. And also credit to Wayne Gretzky because if you took away all of his goals, he would still be the all time leading points getter in NL history or NHL history, which is crazy.


Yeah. So he was obviously much more of an sis guy than, than Ovie was. But Ovie Yeah. The best goal score of all time. And he is not done. And he did it in a season where the caps are not only competitive, they're competitive for the President's Cup. Yep. And, and he Broke his leg. And he broke his leg and he's still playing great. Yeah. Like this is one of his better seasons that he's having right now. Yeah. So, yeah. I'm, I I was very pumped. I'm not gonna lie, I I got a little misty-eyed because something like this happens and you think of all the times you got to watch your favorite player scoring these goals over the course of your adult life. And it was really, really cool to see. Yeah. I don't know. I don't wanna say it's un unbreakable because that's what they said when, when Gretzky got it. But maybe Ryan Leonard will get it one day.


It's It's gonna be very hard because he's still going. Yeah. And I don't know if he's gonna stop. Like, and, and you know what, I love it too, that Ovie he's, he's doing it with his way in terms of not the best body. Yeah. You know, kind of just a guy's dude. Yeah. I saw this clip of bands maker dance Bands and make dance. Yeah. I saw the clip. 'cause there's been so much Ovie content's all been so funny. The, his first ever golf round, he had a hole in one. Yeah. And he was just like, yeah, I hit it in. Yeah. It Was so hard. I hit It in he swung and missed on the first one. I was just like, what do you mean? I hit it in When He got the, the key to the city, I think when he was a rookie, he was like, no speed of limit in Washington DC today. He's been so fucking funny. Yeah. So funny.


So yeah. Congrats. PFT Congrats. Ov really, really cool moment. At some point I would love to have ov on part of my take, but I feel like that, that would need to be in person might be a bit of a language barrier there. Yeah. Probably, probably would be a li language barrier. Yeah. I didn't see many haters at all. I saw one straight tweet that was like the biggest loser tweet ever. But that was, someone was like, he likes Putin. Oh Yeah. I mean, that's cool. Imagine, imagine, imagine someone breaking the record and liking Hitler and it's like, what? Yeah. For, for a While there was, I was like, also, you know, have you, have you looked up what, what, what Bobby Hole has said? Yeah. I created the DC Sports Superstar Triangle a few years ago. I think it was right during the invasion of, of Ukraine.


But Jayden kind of got rid of the sports triangle. But for a while, the sports triangle was, you can only pick two of these, three of these three things. One, generational talent, two does not have a debilitating injury. Three does not support a murderous dictator. So you can pick two of those. Yeah. And you can't pick three, you can't Be choosy To my knowledge. And I hope No, nobody asked Jayden Daniels what he thinks about Putin. Yeah, please. Yeah. Let's keep that off. Yeah. We don't need to know. Yeah. But yeah, it was, it was, it was super cool to watch. Very, very cool. Also, I, I did see insults stat that someone posted about the saber that this just crossed, I got tagged in it 'cause insult stats, I get tagged in insults that the last time the Saber made the playoffs, playoffs, Alex Ovechkin was 594 goals away from breaking the record.


That's crazy. That's Insane. I think they have the record for, I know they have it in the NHL. They might be close for all sports. Yeah. That's, that's nuts. Not being in the playoffs. Me meme says yes. Do they, They go back and forth to the jet. Oh, Okay. So right now it's the jets. As soon as the season's over, it's back to the saber Switching back and forth. So memes, it happened against the Islanders. You, you feel like they did a very classy job. They did a very classy job. The ceremony took way too long. You gotta do it at one of the 20 minute intermissions. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. They, they had that red carpet out there instantly. Yeah. They're ready to go. Okay. 50 has the shirt with the date on it already. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Go buy the shirt.


Go buy. We got all sorts of ov goat merch up in the store right now. My favorite is the one that shows him scoring the same goal for 20 years. Yeah. The Goat king. Do we have any, any other sports to talk about this weekend? There was some sports happening this weekend. Yeah, I, there was a, a great game on Saturday. Valero, Texas Open. No, I was talking about the crown crowns to Nebraska. Yeah. Big 10. What's up? Philly took two or three of the Dodgers. So I, I mean, O Ovie deserved this top of the show, but I, if, if, if you guys have been like, Hey, you guys want to just talk about Duke's downfall for four hours, but like, sign me up. I'll take off my pants right now. 'cause that was, It was great. Holy fuck. Was that an incredible Final Four delivered.


So let's talk Florida Auburn first because I wanna just edge myself a little bit more. And then, and then I wanna talk about Houston and then I want to talk about too. Okay. Because I had, it was a hater's, it was the best hater watch I've had in a very long time. I barely slept last night. I was just reading message boards, all the shit. All right. So Florida Auburn, great game. Walter Clayton. Walter Clayton is so fucking good. He had 34 points. He's the first player to score 30 plus in back-to-back Elite eight final four games since Larry Bird. I think Larry Bird might be the only one who's ever done it besides him. Pretty, pretty good company there.


34 points. And it was, you know what's crazy about what Walter Clayton did? I actually thought Auburn played decent defense on him. He was just so good that, like, that baseline three that he made, that was you, you can't do anything about, he had a couple drives where it felt like there were four Auburn players and he found a way through and finished at the hoop. Like he was outta control. I also saw the, the best way to sum up how good Walter Clayton is, is a tweet from Yeah. March 16th, where a guy named T Black said, Walter Clayton Jr. Is so raw, you forget his first name as Walter. And Walter Clayton replied with a bunch of laughing emojis. But that's the facts. Is Walter Clayton the best Walter Aton ever in the history of sports?


Walter Aton, I would say yeah. There's probably a couple other Walter Aton. I can think of one. Yeah. But yeah, but it's true. It it is true. Walter Payton is like that name fit because that's what you named people back then. Walter's not a name you hear anymore. Walt. Walt Walt. It's, yeah, I think he's probably right. I don't, when I, when I think about Walter Clayton, I don't think about Walter. I just think about the WI think about, yeah, I just think about that guy's raw. Yeah. So I, I love watching him play Elijah Martin. I, he might be, he might be the best dunker in, in college basketball right now. Yeah. That's, I that dunk, that dunk changed the energy of the game. That's How I evaluate NBA talent. Yeah. Based on how you dunk in college.


Yeah. And Elijah Martin. Yeah. Take him one. Yeah, He was, it was Florida also. Like the first half their front court looked like they didn't know how to hold a basketball, play basketball like Con didn't have, I mean, condom was still impactful. He didn't have the best offensive game, but second half it felt like a combination of Walter Clayton just absolutely taking over and Elijah Martin also, and Janai Broom, who I, I feel like the beginning of the game you saw Jenai Broom, the real jenai broom, then his adrenaline wore off and it just wasn't the same. Like the injuries kind like caught finally caught up to him and it was clear he wasn't fully healthy. And then the, the other guys on Auburn, outside of Baker Bazaar, like they needed to be great.


And there wasn't that much like Taha Pettiford, who I love was not great. And so that's where the difference in the game came. Baker Zaro gave him a little bit of offense. Yeah. He made some big shots. Yeah. Yeah. He scored like 10 points in the first Five minutes. I don't think Alex Condon played well. Well, when he was out there defensively, He, he still, he's still is like out there doing Stuff. He's bigger than what's his name? Haw. Yeah. He, he, he's Ha's better, I don't know how he pronounce his name, but he's better offensively clearly than, than Conan has been. Yeah. But then Conan Yeah, he's, he's a bigger body on defense. Yeah, It was. I mean, he did not, he had a, a game to forget in terms of offensive numbers. But I, I still think he's important in, in some of the things he does. Especially, I mean, he had, he had a, you know, some big rebounds, a block.


But yeah, it was, Florida felt like they could've played a lot better. Their front court was not good. They Didn't have their best game. And they still beat Auburn because Walter Clayton, Which is pretty good because Walter Clayton is like that. Yeah. He was incredible. Incredible. Now I think, I think Big Cat Houston's gonna be a little bit different than Florida in terms of defending Clayton. Yeah. Well, but again, I I Auburn like they, they did a lot. They, they, they like Walter Clayton wasn't, it wasn't like he was getting open look after open Look, he's just been so much in the zone and they were saying that after, like he's just been in the zone. Yeah. So I, yeah, I mean they're gonna defend him differently, but I just, he, he was making shots that you can't really, it happened in the Elite eight when he had that shot that he, you know, where he was standing in the lane and basically just dribbled backwards and then popped it right before anyone could even realize what he was doing.


That baseline three, like he's just doing shit that it's, he's playing on a different level. Yeah, He's great. He's he's an awesome player. This game had way too many reviews. Oh yeah. Way too many out of bound reviews. Oh yeah. And it got to the point where like players were doing the look at it again Yeah. For things that I didn't care if they got right or not. It just had dumb basketball down the stretch. Auburn Auburn. I think their biggest fatal flaw besides Janai Broome being injured was just, they, they had a lot of dumb basketball moments. Yeah. And, and those came out at the end of the game where it was just like, what is going on right now? But it was great watching these, even when, you know, one team would pull away. 'cause Florida had what they were down by eight points at halftime. Yeah. Even when the game wasn't that close in the moment, you could still watch these guys play and be like, these are two great teams that are playing each other.


Yes. It felt good to, to feel that way about college basketball. Yes. And have a Final four actually deliver on a game that we, we needed. We need some good games. So the second game was a fantastic game. It was great. The second game was incredible. Houston would You say? All time. All time. Choke job. All Time game. All Time choke job. So I don't, I have a lot of Duke hate that's gonna flow through me, but I don't want to forget how good Houston was and how impressive they are as a team. And Kelvin Sampson, he had the quote afterwards. No one ever loses anything as long as you don't quit. Yeah. When you quit, I don't care. You've lost. And like that, watching that game and da and coach Danny Hurley tells us this about like, most te lesser team would be dead.


It did feel like Houston was dead and they just didn't give up. And their guys made big play after big play down the stretch when the game started to tilt and their defense ratcheted up. And I think like, more than anything with Houston, it's their culture as a team and a program sh like was, was illustrated at the end of the game when you had things like j Juan Roberts, who's a, a 67% free throw shooter, hit two big free throws to go up. Also, I found out afterwards that Kelvin Sampson has everyone on the team, they take 150 free throws a day, even on days off. And they tape it and they review the film. I love that. Love that.


They had the tugger moment where probably one of the dumbest plays ever with, with Joseph Tuber trying to strip the inbound before the ball comes in. That's, That's Houston culture Ends up in a technical foul. Conal hits the free throw. But what happens? He's, he, he stays locked in and he hits, he has the putback dunk that makes his 67. 66. Yeah. Like shit like that where, or I don't know if you saw, but like the Malik Wilson, like the, the, the sequence with 32 seconds left. You can look at the game, you can look at the box score 32 seconds left. It's like Uzon gets subbed out from Malik Wilson.


Malik Wilson subbed in Malik Wilson Steel. Yeah. That's the next play. Yeah. Like Kelvin Sampson knowing, hey, we have an offensive defensive possession here. Put in our best guy that changes the whole game. LJ Crier, who was two for, or sorry, three for 13 in the Elite eight and, and Sweet 16, he was six for nine from three. Like just, he's shooting like the, it's just all these guys that are just so good and they didn't give up. And the way they fought was so impressive because it did feel like Duke was going to steamroll him. And it felt like there was no chance the game was over and they just didn't stop fighting. And Duke had what, one field goal in the last 10 minutes? Yeah. So if you look at the, the stats for Duke's offense, I think they had one field goal.


Yeah. One, one basket from the field in the last 10.5 minutes of the game. Can we pull up this, this video from Mike underscore Ja Gki. J-A-G-C-I-A-C-K-I. They also had, 'cause this is, this is Houston in practice. Is It the, is it the diving around? Yeah. This is what Houston does. Every single practice. They have two guys line up and then the coach throws the ball. I don't know if that's Kelvin Sampson or not. Somebody throws the ball out, then they just wrestle on the court to see who gets loose ball. This is, that's how Houston plays all the time. This is an awesome way to end practice at an elite college. Like they're running into the walls and shit wrestling each other.


Yeah. And that's how they play. And at the end of the game, when they get that steal off the inbounds pass. Was that, that was c on James. That was Inbounding there, right? Yes. I thought he might have had a concussion earlier in the game. Yes. When he landed on his head. So he inbounds the ball, it gets deflected twice goes, bounces out to take the three and then the putback dunk on it. Yeah. That was the tugger dunk. Which was an incredible Ball. And Malik Wilson was one who stole it. Yeah. Also this, this, this drill. Duke's last rebound, not offensive or defensive. Last rebound in the game was with three minutes and 24 seconds left. Yeah. Pretty crazy. That was, that was it. Like they just, and they put the pressure on him. They, you know, started. It was just, it was, the whole thing was so impressive by Kelvin Sampson because if you watch the first 30 minutes of that game, you thought Houston was gonna be out class.


And they just did not give up whatsoever. And kept fighting and kept fighting. And I was completely in like their game plan. Like Malak didn't have any rebounds. It was very clear what they were doing, making, pulling him away from the hoop and giving themselves a chance to get those offensive rebounds. Calvin Sampson is an insanely good coach. And they also had Jim Nance wearing his lucky sweater that he's never lost him. And He was crying. He was crying. You made Jim Nance cry. Tears of joy at the end of it, which was in March Madness, which was incredible. Here's some fun stats about Duke. And actually before we get to the, the fun stats about Duke, Cooper Cup is awesome. Or sorry, Cooper flag. Cooper flag is awesome. He's in the ah, he's in the, ah, listen, wait, wait, wait.


Can we, are we doing the Duke stuff? Are we getting the Duke hater on? Let Me get to it. Let get to it. He's not Clutch Cooper. Cooper Flagg is incredible. He had not clutch. He had a great game offensively scoring. I don't, I'm throwing all this out. He had a great, I I'm gonna get to it. He had a great game passing the ball. He had a great game. Just making the right decision. Great game defensively. He was doing it all. But as our good friend and recurring guest, skip Bayless would like to know, does he have the clutch gene? No. And I sat, I sat down, I watched 15 minutes of Skip Bayless breaking down Cooper flag. And when I say 10 minutes of those 15 minutes were actually Skip Bayliss talking about LeBron and the ways that he's disappointed him. It was a perfect video from Skip Baylis.


He reminds him so much of LeBron James, except he might be a better free throw shooter than LeBron James. But at the end of the game, you gotta get up if you want to get it in. He didn't get it up. No. Hit off the front iron. He had his chance. He, duke has been in four close games all year and I think three out of four he's either fallen down or missed the shot. Kentucky Not good. Not not a clutch player. I'm not saying anything nice about Duke. Duke gets all the hate That was the biggest choke in Final four History. They're the only team to, to have a higher field goal. Percentage more free throw attempts, more assists, fewer turnovers, more steals and lose in the history of the NCAA tournament.


Other teams were 335 and oh damn when doing that in March Madness. Best team ever. Analytically Does Coach K win this game? I have some Coach k questions for later. He he might, I don't know. He, they, they shouldn't have shown him on the TV as much. Also Coach K trying to use the media on Friday to write a story being like Coach K is the real reason John Shire has shined is because Coach K has taken a a step back. I see you coach KA nice story. He was trying to make it, it was not a nice story. That's that's it was literally like John Shire owes everything to Coach K being like, I'm not coaching this team anymore. That's What a lot of people do when they retire. I would say every person does that when they retire.


He wanted credit for not showing up to practice for a team. He doesn't coach A lot of Coaches'. Facts or fact. He literally wanted credit for not showing up to a practice for a team. He doesn't, he didn't write the story. Oh, he didn't write the story? No, he didn't write the story. Alright, so Duke biggest choke in Final four history. Best team ever. Actually, no, it's a co It's it's either this Duke team or the 99 Duke team. Yeah, those Are the top Two in. You can decide. I I won't debate it. It's one of the Duke teams. Duke has, has, has had a 10 year drought of no championship game appearances. Here's some of the players that have played for Duke in that drought. Brandon Ingram, Luke Kinard, Jason Tatum, Marvin Bagley, Gary Trent, Jr.


Wendell Carter. Zion Williamson. R RJ Barrett. Cam Reddish. Vernon Carey. Paolo, Mark Williams, Jared McCain, Cooper, flag Con Knupple and ak. That's some pretty good players. No championship appearances. They choke one dun where they're choke artists. When Was the last Duke championship appearance? That, That's not a relevant to this conversation. PFTI was nice enough to do Vy to start the show. Don't do that. The What? When was that you? Yeah, that's mean. I Was purely thinking about That's mean. I start, we started the show with VY when we had two final four. You know what I, that were incredible. You know what I was thinking? Let me get my ade on. You know what I was Thinking about? I was thinking about how many more national title appearances that UNC had in that same time span.


One. No, No, they've been to three, three acting. Oh, they had 1, 1, 1, 1. Yeah. One, one. I think they've been to three. I'm just, I'm what I'm doing. I'm sorry that you got caught by Stray Big Cat. But it was astray. It was astray. It was a, it was astray. Shot. Stray. It was astray. But it just, I'm trying to defend my Roy Williams better coach in North Carolina while he was in North Carolina than Coach K was Take, which is aging like wine. Because I'm counting this as a final four loss for Coach K because he was so close to the court. That's True. And they kept on showing him nonstop. Yep. Ah. So best team of all time was what I kept on hearing. Maybe I said it as well. Turns out you need a point guard. An actual point guard. Yeah. Cooper Flagg was handling, he was bringing the ball up to court As soon as Houston started putting the pressure on Inbounding the ball.


A point guard who can bring the ball up to court. A point guard who can, when shit starts to fall apart, be like, Hey guys, I will run this offense. I will get us a field goal in the last 10 minutes. Yeah, that was probably a miss. And Proctor, a true point guard Proctor seems pretty comfortable with just standing there on the court. He, he looks like he should be bringing the ball up to court every single time. But he, what he likes to do is get down court and then stand at the edge, stretch the defense a little bit, and then not get the ball. And not shoot it. Also, shout out Proctor, he's actually the only good thing I'll say about Duke. Thank God that you thought you were a good enough free throw shooter to not pass it to Cooper fucking flag at the end of the game. That was insane. Proctor being like, I got this as the worst free throw shooter on the court for Duke was absolutely insane.


Cost them the game. And I love Duke fans complaining about the over the back. Oh my God. Could you imagine being a Duke fan who gets every call every year, never plays an away game. A true away game ever. And being like, man, the rest really got us. Justice Winslow touched it. Okay. Not during the regular season. No away games. They don't play True. They don't play true out of conference away games. They don't Coach k never would schedule 'em. They play, where do they play? Oh, they play in fucking Atlanta. Oh, they play Madison Square Garden. Oh, they play Maybe, maybe. You know what, I haven't done my research on John Shire yet 'cause I'm just getting my hate back. Which last night reinvigorated all my hate.


Maybe John Shire has Coach K never did. He wouldn't play away games. You know this Hank Oh, you said I I didn't know you said outta Conference. Well, I, I I obviously they have to play in conference. I bet you they try. I bet you they probably talked to the ACC and they're like, make everyone come to us. Do you think the fact that Coach K has stepped away from the team has led to their lack of conditioning, which Houston excels in and that's what made them get the tired legs at the end of the game? 'cause Good question. John Char wants to be like, I'm not like all the other coaches. I'm a cool coach. Good question. I'm not gonna make you run. Good question. So I, that was a choke of all chokes. I was stunned. Stunned. You know what, like, okay, I agree with Skip Baylis and Big Cat in that Cooper Flagg probably doesn't have the clutch gene.


If I'm drafting number one in the NBA draft and I'm, I don't know, the Utah Jazz, I I would pass on 'em. Yeah, I would. And let whoever is picking after take them. Like, 'cause you're not gonna win with 'em. That's true. So if you're the jazz, don't, don't draft them. You don't win league games. Don't, Don't pick 'em. Please. It felt so good to just get my true hate back because I was struggling with this because I, you know, I watched Duke this year and I don't hate John Shire. Like I hated Coach K and Cooper. Flagg seems like a nice guy and con nipple whatever. He's got a red face and he's good at basketball. All those things. He was there in 2015. Yeah. He was, I I saw that.


Yeah. He had his badger. He probably had a Sam Decker jersey on, or Frank Kaminsky. But last night, just watching do choke, there really is no better sports watch. What If this was con nipples, ultimate payback? This was like the count of Monte Cristo. Mm. Where he waited all these years decided, no, I, I don't wanna stay in state. I wanna to get, I wanna get recruited by Duke so that I can miss a few fuel goals in the Final Four and really Get, he was pretty good Though. Last really get revenge. But you have to be. Yeah. Yeah. You have to be good enough to get close. He played A, he played a pretty good game. But I, I'm not giving any compliments. It was just, it was euphoric. I loved it. And I have Max Did you, did you like that game? Do you, do you count yourself as a ator?


I don't. Whatever. Oh, okay. I don't, Not biggies. Okay. All right. That's good. The, the last question I had about this and I, I literally, I, I stayed up till 2:00 AM just watching videos. I rewatched the end of the game a bunch of times. I went on message boards Duke fans just crying, crying, crying. Love it. Oh, the over the back. Oh my God. I need more people crying about that. This is, it's so fucking good. This is where it backfires. It was a ticky tack call. Okay. Yeah. Don't care. This is where it backfires. You get 'em all. Here's where it backfires. And Duke fans, because they'll, they'll incessantly show this replay not realizing that. It makes everybody happy to watch this Replay. Yes. I It's the total reverse. It's the complete reverse because what is that a call every single time?


Probably not. Is the fact that it happened to Duke, does that make the majority of people who watch it very happy? Yes. Yes. You're absolutely right. Yes. That's actually a highlight reel for everybody else. Not one that you can be like, we got fucked because it's like y this is great. Yeah. And I say It to me again And listen, I I was accused of reverse jinxing this year with Duke. I actually will be honest with everyone. I was. That was not my intention. This is, I was thinking about it. 'cause I was literally laying up in bed just, just relishing in the moment. I was like, why is this feel so good? I had actually come to the conclusion that this team, duke team was one of the best teams of all time. And they were going to win the title. Like I had, I had become at ease with the fact that it was going to happen so that it wouldn't hurt as much.


So it was almost like a reverse sucker punch. Like, I never saw this coming and it made it that much better. This is like when We were talking to Titus. We get to say, duke let me down. Yeah. I'm disappointed by Duke because I I did think that they were the best scene in the country. I did. I and they were fun. They were the funnest Duke team to watch that I've, I've seen in probably 30 years. And they let me down. They let America down. But again, they also gave America quite a blessing because America had the white lotus memes ready to go. Oh yeah. And that would've gone to the sad graveyard of unused memes and, and memes. I'm sure you have quite a folder of, of memes. It's like the, the saddest story ever written.


Yeah. Meme. Meme. It was never sent. It was just So sweet. The whole thing was so beautiful. I loved every second of it. A stunning, stunning loss. So here comes my last question and I, I'm I I, I think you guys will will agree with me, but I, I want your take deep down. If we had true serum coach K's happy. Hmm. He's happy. I don't think so. I don't think, oh, He doesn't want the next guy to win a title in his third year. I don't Think he's ever happy. It's a former player, Former assistant. He, he, he is happy 'cause he's a narcissistic piece of shit. He's happy. I Don't think he's, I don't think Coach K is ever happy even when he is winning.


But he's probably a little happy. Pissed. He's probably a little happy after that. He's probably was like, see John, it's a lot harder than you think to win these things. Look At that. Look at that foul. Look at the foul on Cooper flag. Oh, could We play it again? Oh man, it's so good. He shouldn't have done that. He shouldn't have gone over the back. That was a blatant foul. Looks like he, I call that a hundred times out of a hundred. Looks Like he ripped that guy's right arm. Yeah. It actually should have been a flagrant too. Notice How they're only showing this angle of it. They're not showing the other one where he is grabbing him in the back and get his thumb up his asshole. You guys don't think that Coach K is, there's a small part of him that's like, now I get to sit John Shire down and be like, John, the first three years were good, but our standard here is National Championship. Coach K is probably, I I'll, I don't know if he's happy, but I don't think he's a cell phone guy.


I think he's probably a landline guy still to this day. Probably just has the one in the kitchen with a really long cord. He's probably pulled up a chair next to the phone and just sat there. Not gotten up off the chair at all. Waiting for the call from Coach Shire. Yeah. To ask him for guidance. Yes. How do you, how do you bounce back from something like this, coach? What could we have done differently? He's been just posted up in his kitchen like junior soprano just waiting for that call. So here's why I think he's happy to, because if you're a legend like Coach K and I've said it, he's the best college coach of all time. And, and I'm, I hate him. I hate his guts. But that's just a, a fact that I believe when you leave Duke, you don't, you, there's like, there's, there's different paths that can go down.


The, the, the, you know, duke as an institution go down, they could completely bottom out. And I think that would be bad. 'cause Coach K would then be like blamed for, Hey, it was all about you. You didn't have a succession plan. All this stuff. You could have someone who goes and wins at the level that Coach K wins right away. And then it's like, Hey, it's Duke. It's not Coach K. Isn't this the perfect spot for Coach K where John Shire, the, the, he had the succession plan. He's the, the, the school has not dropped off in terms of a level of basketball. But what Coach K has done to win titles gets magnified even more of. That's really hard to do because John Shier couldn't do it with one of the best analytic analytically best teams of all time.


I think Coach K's happy. I mean, when you can't score in the last 10 and a half minutes of the game. Yeah. I think he's happy. I think he's happy. Hank a little part of him is like, I get to go fucking teach some lessons. I'm gonna show up to practice. I'm gonna be like, man, I remember how hard it was, but I did it five times. You guys haven't done it any times. Do you think Coach K do you think he's calling up like one of his tech guys that used to work for him at Duke and being like, we need to build a PowerPoint this off season just in case Shire wants it. Like I'm, I'm willing to come in and show it to the team. I just need you to come over for two days and we'll build the PowerPoint together and send it. We'll have the deck ready to go if they need it. Yeah, Definitely. When, when did Coach k well how many years into his coaching did he win his first title?


91. It was like 11, Right? 1980 was his first year. Right. And until 11. Yeah. So if Shire did that in three years, that's too fast. No. 'cause it's based off of the foundation that Coach K built. But it's still too fast. He wants Shire to win one eventually. If this ha if we're talking 10 years from now, I wouldn't, I wouldn't have the same take. It's also Different era. It's different eras. Like it's Schreyer iss playing one and done. He's gonna have different rosters every year. Coach, coach KK was doing one and done And done coach. He literally last, the last title he won was one and done guys. But we're, We're talking about his first 11 years. You know what's so, Yeah. Yeah. You know what's so funny is they're probably gonna win win the next and It's different standards in The next couple years.


I'm, I'm just gonna say, Duke's probably gonna win a national championship and it's gonna be with the Boozer twins. And then Coach K will be able to say like, Dave, they're, they're only here because of me. God damn. Was it sweet? I loved it. It just, it it, I felt alive again. I don't know. Something, something happened to me where I was like, man, I was, There were so many times in the last two minutes of the game, three minutes of the game where I, I was just asking myself out loud. I was actually talking to Blake. Is this really happening? Is this happening? Yeah. Is this happening right now? Yeah. Are we gonna do this? Yeah, Please. This isn't Actually gonna happen. Fuck with me. Gonna don't give me blue balls. This is happening. Right? Yeah. I'm, I'm not dreaming this. Hey, here's the, here's the question. Should Duke go to a real conference?


Because clearly playing the a CC this year hurt them when it came to playing in close games. What were They against the top 25 teams on Kim Palm? I think, I think they were about 500. They, Yeah, because they didn't play. I mean, I know they beat Auburn. Guess where they played Auburn? Hank Where? Cameron Indoor. They Smoked Auburn. Yeah. Yeah. There's one bad one there for you. They won't add Arizona this year. I mean, that's Come on Arizona. That's, that's like half Duke fans there. I, I said, by the way, I admitted, I admitted that John Shire might have changed that Coach K did not five, he did not play true road games outta conference five and Four against Ken Pomp top 25. Mm.


Duke should probably leave the a CC. Did the a CC leave Duke a long time ago? Mm Mm Duke should be independent. Duke should be independent. They should be The Notre Dame in football. They're the Notre Dame of basketball. Oh my God. I just loved it. So, so, so, so, so much. And it, it is great too whenever some of, whenever Duke has a loss like this and then there's some new fans that are like, they like kind of realize like, oh, you're, you're, you're never gonna get over 2015. That's where the hit. I'm like, yeah dude. Yeah. I've admitted that a million times over that a small part of me died. I'll never get back. And every time Duke loses in a tragic way. And this was a tragic loss. A tiny little, like one like 0.01% of my life comes back.


Yeah. I think Duke for the most part, it's like people that went to Duke and people whose families went to Duke. Hank. But I think most casuals love it when this happens. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I'd say, I'd say almost all. Yeah. And this is sweet revenge. Sweet justice. Yeah. It's not like Notre Dame where there's a lot, like, there's a lot of Notre Dame fans just 'cause the Irish Catholic thing. Yeah. You I feel like you have to have like, there's not a lot of Duke fans. Yeah. There aren't. I think there's a lot less Duke fans than Notre Dame fans than I just, Ugh. There's Those people that are just fans of excellence. Yeah. Where they're like, yeah, they win a lot. And I, I appreciate all the work that goes into it, but yeah, that's what you get for, for bouncing.


JMU out of the round of 32 last year, bitch Cooper Flag and John Shire having to show up at eight in the morning for the Naysmith Awards. Oh, that was beautiful. Cooper flag in that little golf cart. Oh, Cooper flag hiding in a room because of the media availability. They were running out the clock on it. Ah, I still want that so bad. That dunk that he had where he, he just swung around horizontal. I feel like this hate's kind of come outta nowhere. What do you mean? I feel like this year you've, you've said that you like kind of, that you kind of liked Them. 'cause I couldn't, I couldn't fully, I was one guarding myself 'cause I thought they were that good. And two, I've always said that I I'm not gonna just hate John Shire.


Like I hated Coach KI have to let it build and it, so yeah. That was a good, that was a good moment for you. Great moment. And it also, it was literally so shocking. I I think you guys agree. Like that loss was so shocking. Yeah. And it, I thought they were gonna win it all. So having that just gifted to me it was like, oh my God. I feel again. So It's also, it's like watching Duke lose is fun for most people. The fact that it happened against this Houston team, which is so fun to watch, especially if you're a fan of football because they play like a football team. Yep. Watching them do this to Duke was extra nice because they they just out toughed him. Yeah. It re it really was though Max to to answer. It's just, I I was people's accused of the reverse Jinx is wrong.


I was convinced they were the best team that we've seen in a long time. Like I, I really was and forgot to have a point guard. Oh, is that important in basketball? Like a true point guard. Max, do you won your titles? Did you have Point? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Name one, right? You want me I can name. Yeah, I can name multiple. You had awesome point cards. All The Archie DEOs, Jalen Brunson, Ryan Archie Diano. Scott Reynolds was a good point guard. He didn't win, but he was great. Connor Gillespie, Colin Gillespie, Colin Gillespie, Colin Ray and Connor Gillespie. Is there a Connor? I, I don't think so. Okay. Connor Gillespie. Did he he playing another sport.


There was two Archie Anos. Yeah, there was two. Archie. Connor Gillespie. Yeah. Yeah.


Alright. Should we talk about the, the championship game that will not be including Duke? Yeah. Whew. Houston, Florida. So let do this, lemme do this read real quick 'cause we have PFT. You and I both won our bonus bets. We did. So DraftKings, the finals for March mania are here. The only thing for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball. This season, players are sweating out who will be taking home the championship. But you aren't, don't miss your last chance to bet on college basketball. This season with DraftKings Sportsbook DraftKings is offering all customers a no sweat parlay every day for the final games of the season. How does it work? Opt in and place a bet on in any eligible parlay. If your bet doesn't hit, you'll get a bonus bet back in the amount of your original bet. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app use code. Take. That's code take to get a no sweat parlay every single day. Only on DraftKings the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction. Boydton, Ontario eligibility and wagering restrictions Apply. Opt in to get one. No sweat bet. No sweat. Bonus bet issued in amount of losing qualifying bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Maximum reward and qualifying bet criteria vary. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio.


Alright, so Florida, Houston, I, this is gonna be a great game. This Final four is delivered. I think this is gonna be a great game. 'cause I think both of these teams, they're one so close to each other. And two, I don't, and I could look really stupid saying this, but like, I don't think either team is, is good enough to blow out the other team. They're, that's how close they are. You know what I mean? I think it, it's not like last year where you're like, okay, Purdue could hang, but Yukon's really fucking good. I think both these teams are just really fucking Good. They've got a lot of great players. Yeah. They, they're awesome, awesome teams. Like there's no question that Florida can score against Houston. Will they score enough? I don't think that they will. I I have a, I have a future on Florida that I put in.


I do too. I'm going to be probably going against that. But the, the parlay that I'm putting in with my winnings, I'm going a lot of rebounds from Houston. Mm. I'm betting on a fuck load of rebounds. Juwan Roberts, seven rebounds, Manuel Sharp, three rebounds, tugger, five rebounds, just rebounds. And then I've got LJ Crier. Three three pointers. Okay. Worked in there staying hot plus 500. But yeah, news On night. A Lot of, a lot of rebounds. It's a big gym. People forget that. Yeah. Big gym. I I, I, I also have a future on Florida so I'll be rooting for Florida. I'll probably just put the bonus bet on Florida. Just more Florida 'cause I'm not a hedge guy. Did you see also there, this is a battle of the nerds.


So Ken Palm, which is the most popular analytic site for college basketball. Ken Palm had Duke as the number one team going to that game. They had Houston number two, Florida number three. Another site that I frequent. Bart Tovi had Houston as number one going into that game. Okay, so Bar Turk has won this round. Yeah, he had Houston as the better team than Duke and Ken Palm has had Duke as historically. Great. So does he f Houston as the better team than Florida? Yes. Florida's his fourth best team. I I also get Team of Destiny vibes from Houston. Oh yeah, yeah. Big. I get that huge, like the, that blob big time against Purdue. Big time. They also have that kid, Jace, have you seen Jace? He's kind of like unofficial member of the team.


Yeah. He's like a little kid that, that goes around with him. They bring him to like all their huddles, all their locker rooms and shit. Big fan of Jace. I don't know. I get, I get Kelvin Sampson the way that he's, his career has gone recently. Yeah. This feels like team of destiny. Yeah. No, I, I agree. I, I have a lot invested in Florida and I'm basically like, Walter Clayton saved me one more time. That's how I'm going into this game. Yeah. I, I think Walter Clayton, just do it again. I think they're gonna do it a better job than most of limiting Walter Clayton. Yeah. But still he, he, he still like even that Texas tech game, I think he didn't have a point for the first 10 Minutes. I should never have seen that video of them wrestling around for the ball at practice. Because that's gonna cloud that change everything.


That's gonna change everything in terms of how I analyze Houston. Yeah. Like I can't go against these guys now. Yeah. I just can't do it. Alright. Shout out to Yukon women's team. Yeah. Paigey Buckets. She came back for her fifth year. She had an up and down career with all the injuries. But Yukon, they beat three. I I still don't really understand how they were the two seed. Yeah. I don't know. I just know they're bad for women's basketball. Yeah. They, they beat three one seeds on the way to a championship, their 12th championship. Also, Sarah Strong, their center. I think she's a freshman. She's gonna be like the best college basketball player of all time. 'cause I, I'm pretty sure, well one, it pays to stay at college now.


Yeah. In the women's game. And I think it doesn't, the women's game, you have to stay for three years. I don't know what the rules are, but I do know that a lot of them make more money in NIL than they would Yeah. In the WNBS. Sarah Strong. She's a freshman. She's a problem. She is a a problem. That's a great name too. Yeah. Yeah. She was incredible. 24 points, 15 rebounds. They smoked the Lady Cox. Oh. Twice this year they beat him by 20 plus. Yeah. Will never make sense that they were the three I Bad job by the committee leaves. Who's the buddy? The Bubba Cunningham of Women's Liam Blattman said that the Big East had a down year. So that's why. But it's still, when you win, when you beat three one seeds as the two seed and then also win the championship game by 20.


I feel like you shouldn't have been a two seed. Yeah. So where's she gonna play? Is it the Wings? Who has the the number one pick? Oh, Let's, so let's hit the simulator. Do we have the simulator? I think she might be a better WNBA player than Kaitlyn Clark. What about that? Whoa. Whoa. What about that? I'm a Juju guy. Yeah. Have been For a while now. She's meow. She's to sell tickets as many tickets or get as many ratings. No, the ratings were, it was crazy. They were bad. It wasn't bad. It's just the difference. It was like 14 million last year and 4 million this year on Friday night. But you Friday got hope for like a magic bird type thing. Like a big rivalry. Dallas. Dallas. Congrats. Dallas. Nico Harrison gets his hands on page buckets, trades her away.


Shout out to Gino Ormo. Wait, are You summing it? I think they already did the lottery, didn't they? 'cause they, they're gonna draft him and then they'll have to play real soon. I think I just, I just wanted to sim it. Wait, what is the what what do the sky have as a pick? Oh, we gave our pick to Dallas. No, you get wait. Reset. Let's reset. Let's reset. Damn it. No, you gave your pick to Washington. Why are we, why are we summing the draft? Wait, but then why does it say that we have the third pick? It says that you're giving it to Washington Because then they have the fourth pick. Yeah. That was bad management. I don't know who we got in that trade, but it was a bad trade. Let's go mystics.


Is it MISS space T-I-C-K-S. Or is it MY? There We go. That was a joke. Max. Yeah, I think Paige buckets. I think she's got in her, she's got the clutch gene. Yeah, The mystics have the third and the mystics have the third, fourth, and sixth pick. Yeah. Holy shit. We're back. Was a rebuilding. That was bad. I should have known that joke. Yeah, you should have. You should. I was like, I was like, oh, I'll look up at it. Spell. Ah, you should have, you should have. It is a terrible joke too. You should have known it. Okay. Any other sports? So official picks for, I know Hank You have Houston. Houston you have, I got, I'm, I have a future on 'em, so I'm gonna say Florida.


But yeah, I'm riding with Florida. I'm not getting off that trip. But if I were to bet it right now, I would, I would take use, Yeah. Max Florida's more Florida. Florida? Yeah. Okay. What was that? That was painful to get out. No, they're they're just fun. They Are fun. They're, They're more scoring. So I, I I appreciate that. That's true. But you love dogs. Yeah, I do. But scoring Clayton fun. I Like what Dan Hurley says, they're wolves. Yeah. Honestly, if we could just do, if we do the championship game, you're like, duke actually won that game, but it's guaranteed they lose. It'd like, sign me up. I want just watch 'em lose again. I don't even need a Championship. It could never be in that fashion though.


That was oh, one in a million, huh? It was incredible. It was Stunning. Hank what? I'm gonna watch it again tonight. As A, as a former and I, I think still closeted Duke fan. Duke is my Favorite. He Has a future on Houston. Duke Is my favorite college basketball team. Like I don't have a team that I would root for over Duke. Obviously last night was unique in that I had a future that I bet in February and they happen to line up. But, But You're also not a big college sports fan. Right. But did you feel But like, if I had to pick one team and I wanted to win, it's Duke. But you've been, you've been poo-pooing your, your Duke fan of this year quite a bit. Watching that game on Saturday. Were you like, this fucking sucks? No. 'cause he has a Houston future. No, I, I have a Houston future, which I was like, this is a loser. This is a loser.


This is a loser. Literally only after the, over the back call, obviously that's when they took the lead. But Great call by The way. I could not bel I could not believe what was happening. Like, it was one of those games where you just sit. I think we just sat in the game. We came for like 25, 30 minutes after. Just stunned. Yeah. But I feel bad. I feel bad for Duke. I don't like seeing people pile on just jealous people. You know? Do you think, Do you think we're piling on? Yeah. I think you know, you you hate them 'cause they beat you and the only time you'll ever make the championship. And, and it's just sad to see they're kids. They're Just kids. But I admit to all of the what you just said. Yeah. Yeah. So it's not like, it's not aha moment. What you said is exactly Right. No, I just said I don't like seeing it.


You don't like seeing my hate. Yeah. You said it's very ugly. Yeah. That's That's crazy. That's ugly. Why can't I do, why can't I hate my hate? Well, it's, it's you. It's the proverbial you. Oh, all the D haters. Yes. I mean, that's everybody I know. I'm saying, you asked me about my Duke fandom. It's like You don't like how much we Hate. I don't enjoy, like, I don't, I'm not living and dying with the team, but I, I do not like seeing people, you know, jump down their throats Maxim a lot. NBA draft lottery one time. I like jumping down their throats a lot. I just did. No, no. I wasn't paying attention. You guys sim it for, for the class. I really like It. Sim fuck if the Spurs Antonio, if the Spurs get it again. Spurs. I'm gonna storm the Alamo. That was very funny.


I was in San Antonio for a day and a half. We did two live shows And we were doing Barto Live on Friday And we were just like halfway through the show and Dave was just like, oh yeah, I forgot. I hate Popovich. He just said that, that, that was weird everyone. I was like, what the fuck? The whole crowd was like, what? Dude? Popovich is also like the, like Brad Stevens like Brad. You don't have Brad Stevens without Popovich to an extent. Yeah. Yeah. So that, that didn't make a lot of sense to me. But, And I didn't realize that Popovich had a stroke. Yeah. Yeah. David didn't know that either. But yeah, it was a very funny moment in San Antonio. Thank you to San Antonio. I had a great time. Yeah, it's a great city. Love, love going down to San Antonio. It was, was a blast. Okay, let's get to who's back of the week then.


We have Dan Hurley and Mark Hops. Two great, great interviews


who's back of the week is brought to you by our friend Zed. Truly, truly unruly lemonade combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. Level up your lemonade. 8% A BVA hundred percent delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors. Bump in blue. Raz OG Original Lemonade punched up pineapple and wild pink. They're absolutely delicious. It's gonna get unruly this summer. This is the best lemonade out there. It's 8% A BVA hundred percent delicious. It's the official hard seltzer of, Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly lemonade at a store near you or visit truly hard seltzer.com. Truly hard seltzer.com. Go check it out now. We love truly unruly.


Okay, Hank, who's back of the week. My who's back of the week. Augusta National Masters. Masters Week Golf in general. Big week for golf. Big week for mini golf. Mm. It's probably gonna rain out though on Monday at, at Augusta. But though it looks like good weather for, for the week for the most part. I Love that you're locked in on the weather forecast. I'm super Locked in Real dimple head. I love that. Super, super excited. I mean, we're gonna do a master's preview on Wednesday. You just jump in the gun. It's master's week. Okay. Who's back? Okay. The masters. That's fair. Okay. Fair. Who's back? Hank thinking about the masters. Hank Thinking about the masters. Yeah, it's masters Week. How's The weather? It's not looking good for Monday, but it's looking good for the rest of the week. What does Monday matter?


It doesn't, I don't know why PFT brought it up. Oh, I was just trying to rain on his parade. Oh, Okay. Friday. I mean I am, I'm a big, like, I get really bummed out when there's bad weather. It's a mass. Oh yeah. I mean it, I don't want anything to impact Thursday, Friday, Saturday or Sunday. Definitely not that like the rain delay that Brooks had to deal with when Hank curse him by releasing the shirt. But yeah, it'll probably soften it up. Right? Yeah. It Rains On Monday. We got a, we're we're gonna do our master's preview on, on Wednesday. We're gonna have a great show preview. Maybe have one of our good friends on. But I gotta, I gotta pick for you guys. You want me to hear it right now Jake? Now I'm Gonna do something a little crazy out of the, out of the box here.


I'm thinking Brooks. I like that. I like that. I like that he's won there before. I bet Brooks. I know he hasn't Every single year. He was. And then Hank, I'm a loyal guy. I'm a loyal guy. I like Max Hoa. There we go. Hank, I like Brooks. I have bet Brooks. I Brett Max. And then I'm doing my Liv round Robin again. Oh I love l It is a big week for Liv. Huge week for, it's gonna show out in a big way. Love that for you. Okay. PFT My who's back of the week this week is Ja Morant. Mm. Because we talked about him on Friday's show. Yep. When he got in trouble for, well they investigated him for doing a simulated gun on the court and then they reprimanded him.


Yep. They said, Hey Jock, knock it off. Even with the fake guns. We should have specified that when we told you not to hold any guns. This includes fake ones. And then on Friday he goes out there and he just does the fake gun again. Yeah. Which respect? Very Funny. I res I Respect the hell outta that. I don't know if he like did it and then it's just like a involuntary reaction when he makes a shot to pretend to hold the gun or if he did it intentionally. And then memes went mega viral. Yeah. Went mega viral memes with the clip of Ja pulling the gun out. When did the, the trend of like is there an AI program that just simulates somebody grabbing a gun out of nowhere? Or is it just quakes? It's, it's called Quakes. Is he The trend?


It's Called He's the one man trend. He's the trend. Yeah. Because this is gonna be a thing now. Yeah. Like somebody's gonna design a piece of software that probably takes like a week to write and it's just gonna be like engineer anybody to pull out a gun out of nowhere. Yeah. No, he, it's all gonna be traced back his brain, which I love. He, he Got it from a, like one of those AI type in whatever things, but like he's the one who who did it the first time and now it's for everything. Yeah. Yeah. I just, I love the fact that John Morant can't quit holding fake guns. My new favorite. It's, it's The, it's the best addiction of all time. Yeah. My new favorite argument online too is people being like, John Moran is getting treated unfairly. Oh yeah. That's great. Like he's being, they the, the NBA coming down on him for his fake guns is bullshit.


Just ignoring all the history of John Moran with real guns. I love that shit. It's Great. I mean it, it is behavior that like a five-year-old would do when they learn. Back in the day, if you were like playing cowboys and and Indians or like cops and robbers, you just go around like doing the finger gun pointing. Oh yeah. Like This. I do it with my son and I have to stop myself 'cause I'm like I shouldn't do this. Yeah. You have to like teach a 6-year-old, Hey don't always go around pointing a fake gun. John Morant again, I think it's progress. Yeah. By job that he is now doing fake guns exclusively. And they might be super soakers. We're not sure. But yeah, it's very funny that he just continues to do it after they tell him not to. Were you guys toy gun houses growing up or you had to go to your friend's house to play with the toy guns? I had a friend that had Yeah.


The Best toy gun collection of all The time. I had a friend had cap guns, all The stuff. Yeah. I'd go over there and I'd be like, we had some super soakers first thing. Yeah. First thing I'd say walk in the door. You wanna play guns? Yeah. Andd be like, dude, I play guns all the time. I'm like, yeah, but I don't have guns so I wanna play guns. Nerf Guns, cap guns, all that shit. Yeah. Yeah. You were either that house or you had a friend who had that house Max were you No, I wasn't allowed to have guns. Yeah. Yeah. Probably actually like, like our parents probably did it just because they were like, oh this is probably not right. Max's parents probably like, he really actually shouldn't, He shouldn't have a gun like His, his temper. Well also an Italian walking around carrying a gun. You would get profiled in ways that me and Big Cat might not. Yeah. If you had a gun when big Dom fake big Dom called in on Wednesday, would you have used it and by using it?


I mean just even flashing it if Jerry was in the room, probably You would've flashed it. I Would've At least flashed it. Maybe. Fuck Jerry. Yeah. Just imagine every time that Max does this. Yeah. He's actually just slamming a clip into a, we just need to get quick Plug. I used to be so bad as a kid. I, ugh. I used to get so many technicals in basketball. Of course. If we're going Like this Just for losing my temper. Yeah. Okay. I have two who's back in the weeks. First one is Aaron Rogers. 'cause there's a theory floating out there. So Pat McPhee has a show on Wednesday night in Pittsburgh. Yep. Memes. What's the name of the show? I think he's got, I think he's doing like a homecoming show.


Can you look it up? Can you tell us what the name of the show is? Hometown Throwdown. It's so the theory is that Aaron Rogers is waiting for that show to come out on stage and say I'm going to be a Pittsburgh Steeler to fuck over the mainstream media. Which I would love. That would be awesome. What's the what for the, no, no, it's a live show like in Pittsburgh in a theater. We got, I'm Trying not to look at, I'm trying not to look at Twitter. You told me not to be on Twitter. Just Google. Pat McAfee live show. Pittsburgh Wednesday. That's basically what I Googled. No, you didn't put live show or Pittsburgh You said. Yeah, you said big night at with Pat McAfee and friends. Okay. So I think it's sold out.


Memes give it to us. What's it called? The big night at Yeah, there we go. Memes loves doing the accent. So I think he might denounce then, which would be sick. And Pat's the type of guy who could pull this off. Who could tell to like Pat has enough pull that he could be like, Hey Aaron, do you want to, you want to announce your signing at my show? The whole World is content now. Yeah, it really is. It's like, okay, we're gonna wait for a podcast to do this. We're gonna have this guy, my podcast and then that guy, I gotta go on his podcast because I beefed with this other guy on this other podcast. And then it's big podcast crossover and then it's the pod crossover that we'll end them all.


But I have, I kind of like this and no offense to our good friend Adam Schefter, who we love, but like, I kind of like every now and then a player stealing it from the insiders and being like, I control my own message. No, Don't get me wrong. Like this is what Pat's doing. This is if we had our way and like Blake Griffin was announcing his return to the N nba. Yeah. Because he can dunk again. I would love for him to do that on this here show. Yeah. But yeah, it, it's just if Aaron Rodgers has been waiting and he actually hasn't told teams for the last month. 'cause he's like, I got this live show thing. Yeah. I'm trying to do, that's kind of fucked up. I I kind of like it. But if it was your team Oh yeah. I'd Be pissed. Yeah, you'd be pissed.


Yeah. Yeah. Oh, For sure. But I just like the, I like chaos and, and the, you know what I'm kind of like a fuck you to power kind Of guy. Yeah, you are. Yeah. We're rage against the Machine. You are like that. We are, we're big time rage against the machine, the establishment. Fuck them. Except in this case, the establishment is also our friend Adam Schefter. Yeah. And also, But also we can hold two thoughts in our head at the same time, which is he's the machine Sometimes I kind of like the machine. Yeah. When it's Schefter he can be cool. Oh, the Machine we need to have noes on for the Machine. Yeah. When, when the machine delivers the goods, you're like, fuck, I'm glad we have a machine. Yeah. It would actually be nice if Schefter got it like two seconds before and then everyone else didn't.


That would be, that would be funny Twist. That'd be perfect. Because you know what that would be? That would be Adam Shefter raging against the machine machine too. Max Schefter should just go to the Show. Yeah, that would be great too. If he just report there. He still get It first. Yeah. If Shefter, if Shefter like right before the show scooped Aaron Rogers, then that makes Aaron Rogers the machine. Yeah. And Shefter wins. Yeah. This has nothing to do with anything in my who's back except for the fact that we were talking about Pittsburgh. But I saw sometimes you see the perfect tweet and I saw the perfect tweet the other day. It's from Larry David's mistress. And this person said Paul Skeens looks like if you tried to draw Josh Allen from memory and that nailed It. Okay. Yeah, He really does.


With a mustache. He had, he was in the GQ photos. The mustache is an important difference. Yeah. Yeah. If you were just like, close your eyes and draw Josh Allen, you'd end up with Paul Skis. I would just draw a goat. No, there you go. Alright. My other who's back is censorship because Kike Hernandez got censored. I don't know if you guys saw this. He got On, did they not put the accent on his name? Yeah, They did not put the accent on his name. No. He was getting on the team flight for the Dodgers and he was wearing a hat and they blurred out the hat and he was like, why did you blur out my hat? Turns out the hat was a skeleton with its nose inside of an ass. And it said butthole whisper. Yeah.


I saw the picture of him getting on that plane and I was like, there's, there should be something there. Yeah. At the center of his hat. Yeah. And That's an awesome company. I don't know anything. It's awesome. I don't know anything about the butthole whispers, but I'm all in. Yeah. I feel disrespected that my hat got photoshopped is what he said. That's pretty cool. When you're the Dodgers, you can do this kind of shit. Memes. How, how scared are you whenever you have to tweet Kike Hernandez Highlight. Good question. How scared? Yeah, that's pretty not that scared. Okay, good. Good. He probably, Memes is so not Racist. No. That he doesn't even know what we're talking about. No one. Yeah. Okay. Let's get why the, the booth boys showed up early. We got a Monday reading.


Shane got you in here. Okay. They wanna read here early. Yeah, they wanna read. All right, let's get to our interviews. We're gonna do Coach Dan Hurley first and then Mark Hops. Two great interviews.


It is brought to you by our friends at Tax Act. Can you believe it's already April and your taxes are due on April 15th. That's coming up fast. Hank, do you have any tips? Go to tax act.com. If you've waited this long, you've made a mistake. But thankfully tax hack.com is here to help you. They have expert assist. They can answer all the questions that you might have along while you're doing your taxes. All their experts are US based. But don't wait. Today's the day. Don't wait till tomorrow. Go to tax act.com today. Get your taxes done. Yes. A hundred percent credentialed at a hundred percent US based so they know the ins and outs of the tax laws. You can get the answers you need starting at $20. If you need a little help or a lot, they can answer all types of tax related questions. It's crunch time and you want to get it right. Tax Act makes it easy so you can get them over with and be done for the season.


Okay, here he is, Coach Dan Hurley. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest, good friend of the program, two time national champion still, as of the taping of this show, reigning national champs, it is Coach Dan Hurley that this is your last 24 hours. Is there anything you, what, what do you do? Is it like when Miss USA loses her her crown, you got 24 more hours where you're Champs. Are you gonna do anything special with it? I I think I'm gonna, I'm gonna celebrate tomorrow. There You go. You know, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take all of Monday because I didn't really think about it till the weekend where it's like, yeah, it's about to expire and, and when you get eliminated from the tournament, I mean it's, it's obviously it's you, it's over.


You're not gonna win it again. But there is still time. Yeah. Yeah. Left. Yeah. Reigning in this Yeah. Reigning national champion that, that might be one of the last times people get to call you that for at least another year. So, so enjoy it. Is that the net behind you? This some of this stuff is my wife's office. So she's got some stuff with the kids, you know, some like flag football and some little league mixed in with like an elite a final four net. Yeah. So it's like, it's just like random stuff from the kids, CYO, third place trophies, all that type of stuff. W was it weird? I mean it's, it's crazy to say, but it must have been weird this weekend not being at the Final four.


I know you saw this, John Fanta reported that both coaches have shared a lot of words with the officials in this game that are not safe for television. Danny Hurley doesn't go to a Final four and all of a sudden we've, we've run amuck and all the coaches are are acting with bad behavior. Like, you gotta get back to clean this up. Yeah. I I thought the ca I thought the he TV could have did a better job, just like, you know. Right. As the coaches were getting angry at the officials that, you know, normally, you know, with me the camera stays a little longer. Yeah. It gets the full interaction. And I just thought that maybe they, they just, I thought they pulled the camera a little early once we could have saw something good. Yeah, I mean you did you quote you?


It said no way. What a disgrace. Which I, I like, 'cause it is, it is very funny when it's like, oh wow, a coach trying to win a very high stakes game gets, gets animated. That's crazy. Never seen before. No, and I don't think coach, I mean, I don't think Coach s Samson's gonna be very intense, you know, at, at all. I mean, I don't think that he's a a, you know, hard coaching guy that sometimes, you know, has questions about a call. Yeah. But yeah, you, yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. I think he, him and Todd are, they're, they're gonna, I mean that's steel cage. I mean, I shared the court with Todd. I mean Todd is an intense coach.


Most of the coaches are, I mean, you look at the Big East, I mean, you know, there, there's some intense coaches and Todd's an intense coach and Yeah. I mean, it feels weird not to be playing, you know? It does, it, it's, you know, something that you, you, we just got, just got accustomed to it the last two years, man. It really, the last couple of years has felt like one long year. So Have you been watching the game since you got eliminated? Or are you just like, I don't want to see No. In 22 when we got bounced, like, you know, in a very unceremonious way, you know, by New Mexico State and Teddy Allen as, as a five to a 12, I couldn't watch it.


I mean it was, you know, just unbearable. But no, this, I, I, I watched, I watched the game straight away this time. It was, yeah, it was like disappointed we couldn't go on. But like, I also, I wanted to kind of see what the teams that were still playing were doing and like why they were still playing and why we weren't, you know, like how you, what, what did they get right that, that that, that we didn't get right with the squad. You know? So how do you feel about like watching Florida? Are you taking the mentality of like, if they win the national championship, at least we lost to the national champion? Or are you angry at Florida and you're like, I hope these guys lose 'cause I'm pissed at 'em.


Those Are the only two options. Yeah. This is how fans think, by the way. Yeah. Yeah. Is there a third? No, that's it can, Yeah. Well, no, the Third, can you offer me another option? The third is like, you could even go even further where if you are rooting for Florida to kill Houston and then you can say, well, we actually played Florida the toughest, so we're second place. Yep. I think when you've experienced championship glory, you're, you don't like get the petty moral victories that way. I think you're just like, I mean, you, you do notice and you say to yourself, like, we had opportunities in that round of 32 game, you know, up up three with the ball, you know, in transition, three and a half minutes to go with the chance maybe to, to get a three in transition to take a six point lead.


But we turn the ball over it then goes to the media timeout and you know, from there, Clayton, you know, Clayton took over and did a little bit of like a, a Kemba Walker, Shabazz Napier thing and he's kept doing it. Yeah. So I, you know what I mean, I, I respect how, you know, Todd. I mean he put, I think, you know, both, you know, listen, Houston is amazing. They're doing it on culture and Will and, you know, and, and just the program mentality, you know, obviously with Florida and I think with Duke they put together like incredible rosters, man. Like their roster construction is like top, top notch, you know, high level stuff.


And, and same thing with Auburn, but you know, Florida, you know, I take no solace and haven't had a, a shot in that one to keep it going. Yeah. So, so from their perspective, from Florida and Houston's perspective, you win the final four game. What is the next like 24, 36 hours look like from a coach's perspective? How much are you actually putting into a new game plan and how much of it's like, hey, we just gotta, we gotta trust what we're doing and hope what we're doing is gonna work here instead of trying to overload the guys with new information. Yeah, so, you know, you've got one of your, you've got one of your coaches on staff that's obviously, you know, doing, you know, all of the advance work on, you know, those other teams, right?


Whether it was, if you're Florida, they're already, you know, they've got, you know, a fully detailed scouting report on, on, on, you know, on on Duke, you know, or Houston and, you know, but you, you go and you, you play that semifinal game for us. Like we just focused on in the, in the 14 tournaments. Just that first game only. We did not, you know, whether it was superstitions or just not wanting to get ahead of ourselves, we focused on just that one opponent that first game. And then, you know what, what happens is you, you get back so late on, on the bus ride back to the hotel after the semifinal game.


You're, you know, last year I, I probably watched one of Purdue's games, you know, just the NC State game on the way back to the hotel and then at the hotel the night of the semis. And then you're literally, that next day you're doing so much media and you've got such a short practice time that you're just walking around a tablet, you know, trying to get three or four of the Purdue games in that day on Sunday. Just to have as much knowledge and, and, and feel for them as you can as a head coach. And obviously you're gonna put a lot of trust into your assistant, you know, which with us was Luke Murray, get ready for that Purdue game, you know, and, and really letting him, you know, come up with a defensive game plan and trust in your staff that way.


But like, the game is on top of you, but so quickly and you're, you're part like obviously you're really tired, long ass season and, but everything is pretty automatic by this time of year, man. Like, you know, you know the plays that you're calling versus man versus zone, you know, you know your substitution pattern. I mean, everything is pretty automated at this time of year. 'cause you just, you've played so many games. You play like 40 games. Yeah. How much time do you have to actually implement anything that you find on tape through like advanced scouting? How much time do you have to, to actually translate that to a change in the game plan for your team? Y you, you had a, you going into the semifinal game, you could do some real things, you know, with those days.


I mean, if, if you played, if you played on a, you know, on a Saturday and then you don't play again until that next Saturday in the Final Four. I mean, you could really throw some wrinkles in on offense, some wrinkles in on defense. But basically all you're gonna get with your team, you, you're probably gonna get, you know, two video sessions. Two, maybe two, maybe three video sessions before, you know, the national championship game going over tendencies, going over personnel. I think it's mostly gonna be heavy personnel driven, trying to take things away individually from the other team. Like, you know, trying to chase three point shooters off the three point line.


Try, you know, if there's a dominant post score, are we trapping the post? Are we playing at single coverage? Are we trying to set 'em to one shoulder or the other? Is this a team we should try to pressure more or, or sit in gaps and, and make 'em shoot threes. I mean, there's not a whole lot of adjustments or wrinkles you could do. 'cause you, you, you're, you're going to basically get maybe an hour and 15 minutes a day before the game on the court to walk through some things. Some coaches shoot around the day of the national championship game, some don't. They try to save the legs or, and some just, you know, wanna get on the court and do the walkthrough. I mean, we would always go out there and do the walkthrough. 'cause you can't put a person like me just in the hotel all day the day of a game.


You gotta turn, you gotta let me outta the cage for a little while. Yeah. All right. So, so, so I, it's very interesting that the assistant coaches is doing a lot of the, the prep for you when you're in this short tournament setting. Now, when you're like in the game, so Luke Murray for instance, you're in the game against Purdue. Is he like telling you things like, Hey, I know they're about to do, do this. And then you, you obviously trust him to a level where it's like, alright, or, or even like in the huddle, is he drawing stuff up instead of you because he has an intimate knowledge of what their next plays might look like? So a lot of what the, a lot of what the, the coaches that have the scout do, I mean, it, they're hitting a lot of the other team's offense. So you know, you, you'll see those guys, like, you know, when an opponent's taking the ball out in an out under and they see the formation, they'll be standing up and yelling to our team, Hey, you know, it's screen to screener or, you know, it's, it's, or if they hear a play call or something that they recognize, you know, they'll stand up if it's a half court, you know, set play that they're running, they'll stand up and yell, you know, stagger flare screen back screen and try to let them know what's coming, you know, more so I think from a defensive standpoint, you know, and, and, and, but they, they deal with them a lot.


Like in the TV timeouts are really long in the NCAA tournament. So you're in those huddles feels like halftime in a regular huddle. So they, they're giving 'em a lot of information, you know, before I get into the huddle, after yelling at the ref or talking to Tracy Wolfson, you know, then I'll come into that huddle and they'll have gone through a lot of like the, the stuff that they want 'em to think about for us defensively. Yeah. Yeah. What, what do you talk about with Tracy Wolfson when she comes over and she tries to ask hard hitting journalism questions, you know, either during the game or, or coming outta halftime. Do you have a script ready to go for where you're like, here's where I'll say something and not say anything at all? Well, I mean, my SID Bobby Mullen, you may have heard of him.


Yes. He, he'll tell me before the game, Hey, you know, you've got TV at the under 12. But I mean, once the Anthem hits I'm like, all that has gone out the window and all I can see is red. So I'll have no idea that that camera's coming my way. And I mostly just check to make sure I don't have like, any white stuff on the side of my mouth. 'cause your mouth gets real dry. Yep. And you're just yelling at people and, and, and feeling the pressure of the moment. So I just mostly, I never know what she's gonna ask and I just don't wanna have any white stuff on the side of My Yeah. Or a little piss that you have that you just took your swig of piss. So you got like a little piss coming down your chin or something.


Yeah. Which I could not have in the actual piss bottle. So I know people were upset, but you have to use the March Madness cups. You know, you, you, but It was piss right? It was still piss It's piss from a redheaded person. Yeah. That's, that's why. Or, or, or you know, a ginger. Yeah, yeah. Ginger can yourself fired up. All right. So after, after the game against Florida, there was some hubbub, there was a lot of Dan Hurley discourse going on that you had to address, you know, the tunnel, you know, Bobby Mullen. Was there any point, Luke Murray like two days later was like, Hey, are you gonna apologize to me for saying shut up? Because that was like, that was like maybe like fifth on your list.


But that was a very funny clip that was going viral. I just, when I saw the clip, it just how casually I said just to shut off. Yeah, just shut Off. Sometimes you gotta be direct, right? You didn't even stop your sentence. You like barely stop where you're going. You just shut up. But the thing though, I mean, me, Luke's been with me since Wagner. Yeah. I mean since the Wagner days since then, a second tour of duty at Roadie and now back with me a third time. So obviously, you know, we, we've got a, we've got a great give and take relationship that way. But I just, I was making a, I I, there's something I wanted to do on the court and then Luke was just telling me either something that he saw or wanted to do, but I, I was so focused on, on what I wanted us to do that I just quickly wanted to tell him to shut up.


It's, it is, do did you notice this year? I know there was, there was obviously the Creon thing, which I, we're, we're big fans of rivalries. We love rivalries. We think there should be passion. We, that's why we're a fan of yours. Like, sports are boring if guys aren't, you know, with their heart on their sleeves, playing with their emotions. But did you think it was a little weird that the criticism kind of ramped up this year when I actually think you've maybe gotten a little bit more calm than the Wagner Rhode Island days, but the only difference being you won back-to-back national titles. So people are like, oh, he is too much. It's like he's not really changed. He's always been this way. Yeah. Yeah. I listen it definitely, it's, I mean it's it's the winning.


I mean, there's so much there. I mean, yeah, I mean, I was like, I was, I've, I'm an asshole at times. I mean that's, you know, it's just who I am. I mean, I'm from, I'm from Jersey, you know, like when you're from like North Jersey, like New York's, you know, New York City area. I don't think it's as like offensive to people like outside of that area. Like people in the northeast, I think they, they, they understand me more that way. I think there are people though that like live in the Midwest or maybe if they're from like a, you know, parts of the west coast, that they just don't understand human beings like me that we could get, you know, as intense or as emotionally charged.


Or you could put a a a as much of yourself into, into a competitive endeavor and then take the results as badly. I mean, we could break 'em down individually. I mean, you know. Yeah. I I didn't think the refs really cheated us in the Florida game. I thought there was a call on a caravan drive that there was a foul that needed to be called that would've kept it at a two possession game if he made his free throws. And I felt like that, you know, that that, that that was on my brain as I was heading down that tunnel as, as our pursuit of a threepeat and this incredible historic run that we had been on, as it all had gone down in flames.


And I was filled with all this emotion. I mean, did I actually believe what I said? No, I, to a fellow combatant that was about to enter the ring. I just kinda said something to like the Baylor guys that we played this year. Like, you know, you better be on your, you better be on your shit today because they, they ain't gonna do you no favors out there. You're about to go play a one seed as a nine or an eight seed. You know, you better be ready to go. And that's just kinda what combatants say to each other. I had no idea that somebody would be like, you know, in, in a tunnel area where there is never media when these games end, I mean, backed by the locker rooms. There is never, I thought it was like my safe space Yeah. Where, you know, where I could just say some shit and let off some steam.


And then the Creighton one, you know, that gentleman waited a long time for me to get back to that tunnel. I felt like he deserved for waiting so long. It was like a, it was like waiting for Santa at the mall. Like you wait, he waited forever for me Yeah. To get back there. Her, I did tv. I felt like he, he deserved an interaction. Yeah. I understood karma at that point. That's why I didn't get pissed when, you know, when, when the kid on Creighton dunked the ball in the Big East tournament, if you notice, I really didn't flip out. I understood that karma. I had said something to the balding guy and then, and then I got my comeuppance at the Big East tournament and that's why I didn't flip out and act like the victim.


Yeah. I got what I deserve. Karma. And other coaches get that too, when they say, you know, when they say shit. Yeah. Yeah. That, that's a very fair answer. 'cause I think that's, that's what we always love about sports is like sometimes you're on top, you talk your shit. Sometimes you eat the shit And, and that's, And you keep going. And I'd like to say hand up, we, we did a bad job for not even thinking that through after the Creighton thing. Like you were doing that guy a favor. Yeah. Like that, that made that guy's year to have an inter to get cussed out by Dan Hurley. That's worth the price of the ticket right there. So good job growing the game coach. Yeah. Ball balding though. I called him Baldy. He's, he was, he is balding not Baldy. And, and he was telling me that I sucked.


Yeah. And that I was a horrible coach and that, you know, a bunch of things about, you know, my family and, you know, just, people are yelling a lot of these vile things, but mostly they're telling you that, that you suck. And I was telling him that I don't suck. Yeah. Yeah. But we, we should start writing. We should start, we should start writing stories where it's like Dan Hurley ignores fan that calls him, tells him he sucks for two and a half hours. How could He Yeah. Well, I mean, if, if you wanna put it in that perspective, like you probably this year have ignored 400,000 people that are telling you that you suck. Yeah. That's a, they don't write stories about that. That's true.


About when, when you keep Your cool Yeah. One balding guy at Creighton. It's the end of the world. Yeah. Yeah. And the social, you know, you don't realize, I mean, it's like, you know, you, you don't become beloved when you win. You, you do. I mean, listen, the media, I mean, part of it is the standard that they hold you to, I guess that if you're a championship level coach, that there's this gentlemanly fashion that you're supposed to conduct yourself, you know, with that, you know, I don't, I, I'm, I'm, I guess I see that point when, where, when you become a, you know, one of a, you know, you know, one of the faces of college basketball, that there is I guess a more gentlemanly way that you could handle yourself in victory and defeat.


I guess there's a perspective with that. That's just not my perspective for me right now. You know, my perspective is I don't wanna change a whole lot of things about the way that I go about my coaching and my fire and my intensity because it has produced it, you know, it's produced historic success at, at Yukon the last couple of years. Yeah. Yeah. That's fair. We actually, we have a, a Villanova fan. If you wanna do just a practice run Max, you wanna just tell him that he sucks. See what he says? Yeah. You suck. How are you guys doing At, at personal growth? Hey, that's personal growth. I love it. Incredible. I, On a serious note, I loved watching the games, I loved watching the Final Four.


We had two great games after, you know, a, a ho hum starts the tournament in terms of competitiveness. Can you break down what you saw from the Houston Duke ending the last like three minutes of that game? Because watching it as a fan, I felt a lot of things as I watch it, but I wanna know what somebody that knows their shit, somebody like you can tell us what happened at the end of that game. Oof. I mean, just, I mean, Houston's got some dogs and, you know, just like a lesser coach and, and lesser just a lesser organization or, or, or, or, or team or something. I mean, they, they just would've lost by 15 or or 17 in that game.


But Houston is just a bunch of wolves, man led by a wolf. And you know, it, it sucks for Duke and it sucks for, for John. 'cause like, you know, the way he put that roster together was just, it was meticulous. And, and you know, he, I mean he had, I I I think he had the, you know, the, just the best team, you know, just from top to bottom. I mean, it felt, it felt bulletproof going into that tournament and it looked bulletproof. And, and there was a just, I think you obviously not being in a lot of close games, I think just really hurt them a lot. You know, just not having to inbound the ball verse pressure.


Not having to shoot one-on-ones with pressure on them, you know, whereas Houston's played a lot of close games and, but I, you know, obviously, you know, they had a super year and, and just, but not being in those situations, not having pressure possessions, you know, down to stretch just hurt them. And we were, I mean we, we were not good last year in close games, you know, at Yukon we weren't good either. But, you know, the remedy for that is just whenever we got teams down, like they got Houston down, you know, we put them away and they really needed to find a way to just put Houston down and keep that game.


14, 16, 18, back to 12, back to 15. They, they, once that shit got below six, it was, it got scary. Yeah, it's true. It's a really good point that they, they, they missed a few, they had that stretch where they had like one field goal in 10 minutes and it felt like that kill shot just never, they let him hang around for too long. Dumb question. So Cooper Flagg obviously, you know, he won Naysmith Player of the year. You guys recruited him heavily. I, if I were running a program and I missed and Cooper Flagg like picked another school besides my school, I would be like, fuck this. I'm gonna be sad about it forever. Were you, do you ever, like, throughout this year, were you ever a moment where you're like, man, I, that would be sick if we had Cooper Flag on our team?


Or are you just so focused on your team? Because that's what I would do. I would like have a bad day, be like, I wish I had Cooper flag. I mean, if I did robot cut coach talk more often, I could save myself. A lot of, a lot of people get pissed at me when I say shit. Yeah. Like, we just focused on our season and I always focused on the next practice. And I never think about shit like that. But no, when, when he played the crazy game against Notre Dame, I'm like, my God, if we threw him on our team with some of these guys, I mean, what would that look like? I mean, I probably wouldn't have just blown a seven point lead the last 30 seconds at Seton Hall twice you, you know, like, yeah. So yeah.


I mean, no, but, but then I'd say this, you know, like when you're watching their team play this year and the way that their staff put it together and just the, the, the quality of what they put together, like, you know, he made a, he made it a, I mean that was a great choice too because they put a squad around him and that, that, that thing was, was, was impressive. And then you meet him, he's a total baller. That kid, he's a dog. I mean, he's a warrior that, that guy, you just, and then he's got a lot of swagger and just a lot of pop to him that, that guy is just what basketball needs. Yeah. He is, he's tremendous.


But I, yeah, it was, it was an incredible season for him. Alright, so I, I do have a question about Houston in this matchup. 'cause you did play Florida this Year, but Yes, I was, but yes, I was jealous. Okay. Yeah. That's, that's a good human like, because you're right. Like most coaches would be like, no, we're we got the guys we got. But if you're watching Cooper flagging, he was, he, it was down between Duke and Yukon and you're like, shit, this would've been cool. Yeah. And, and the thing with like, guys like Cooper, when we first took over the job at first got the job at Yukon, it, it had fallen off so far that we couldn't really the first couple recruiting classes until we won that first, that first natty, like, we didn't even swim in the waters of recruiting five stars because we were still just trying to, you know, get our head above water.


So he was the first, you know, like five star, you know, one and done, you know, that we, that we really went after because Steph Castle, you know, he was a guy who's like ranking had moved up and he committed to us so early, you know, that he wasn't like this one and done top five, top 10 player when he committed to Yukon. Like he was like a top 30 guy. So, yeah. Did you ever, do you ever have moments where you were like I said, the wrong thing to Cooper Flag? Like, ah, I could have done this different, like, he probably didn't like he, you know, I, I, no, we emptied, Like no, we went, we, we, we emptied, we, we, we we emptied. You Did Everything. We did all of our clips. Yeah. I mean we, we went, I mean, we said, and, and you know, 'cause we, we understood the, you know, the, the, you know, the pull to Duke and obviously Duke's a special place.


And you know, we were talking to him about Dynasty. I mean, we knew we had a squad that, that w that w that had probably the best chance of anyone to win two, two in a row. So we were just talking Dynasty, you know, dynasty, dynasty, we're gonna get three in a row. Dynasty, you're from Maine, you know, you're in this, you know, you're in this area. But you know, we still have a shot at the Dynasty. If you get, you know, three in four years is still a dynasty. That's fast. Yeah, that's fast. Did you said that you emptied the clip. Did you offer his twin brother a scholarship too? Ace is a player man. Yeah. Ace could play. Ace is like, stretch, you know, I think he's going to Maine.


I mean, you know, ACE is gonna light up some high majors that he by games. Okay. Yeah. I would've done like that Ace is good player. Yeah. I would've done like the Gianni thing, like Yeah. We'll get your brother on the, on the squad too. The whole, The whole gang's gonna be here. All right. So, so Houston though, so you, obviously you played Florida in the tournament. Houston, you haven't played since you were in the a c your first couple years, which is always so funny when you look back and you're like, oh yeah, UConn was in that conference for a while. What is it when you're playing at Kelvin Sampson team? Like what do you, what do you do for the way they rebound and defend? Because it is unlike any other team where they, they just feel like they are part of every single board that gets, you know, every shot that goes up, they've got a chance for that offensive rebound, unlike any other team.


So what do you do? What is Florida? Do it. I mean, nothing prepares you for it. I mean, we, we were, you know, we competed against those guys in, you know, back, you know, back when we were in the a c and then just watching it, you know, and my brother played against it in the big 12 this year. I mean, it is you, you really feel like you're under siege. I mean, it is, it is just wave after wave of, and the, the life or death relentless pursuit of the basketball. I mean, there, you can't, you, you can't go do two on two rebounding drills the week of that game and try to get these guys ready for it. 'cause the way they get after it, you, you can't prepare for it.


It's like a pass rush that just the quarterback is gonna be rattled and it kills, it kills your transition offensive game because it's hard for you to even run on them because getting a defensive rebound feels like survival. You know, some of the things I think that they have going for them is, is, you know, that their ball screen defense is really aggressive, you know, so they're gonna get the ball outta Clayton's hands. They're gonna blitz him in ball screens, but will they make those fatal mistakes the last five minutes that teams like ours made, Texas Tech made, you know, Auburn made latent games where Clayton has gotten those, those threes off the dribble where, where your, your hedge guy is a little late getting up to the level of that ball screen.


And Clayton has got these crazy threes that he is hitting off the dribble. Like these incredibly high degree of difficulty shots where if you just make one mistake in ball screen defense and you're big does not get up there and hedge it or blow it up or blitz him that, that's where he's just burying people and ending people seasons. Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna be an incredible fi you know, championship game. We got a prediction, we got a final score. You know, I, I just don't wanna show up and make more enemies. I mean, I've got enemies at all over the place. I've added the Lakers this off season And Oh, have you thought about like, what if I had Luca? That'd be cool. Yeah.


You know, I just, well, no, I mean, Florida's fans already hate me because I, I blamed it on the refs. Yep. So I didn't give their their proper respect on having beaten us Fair and Square, which they did beat us fair and square. I, I'd like to get that, I'd like to get that out there, but man, it's a tough one man. I, I, I, I, they, they're Houston to me, you know, and, and listen, they both played games that could've lost in this tournament. Yeah. You know, so they're both battle tested. I think, you know, you know, Florida had the game versus us and the Texas Tech game that both could have gone the other way.


You should have had the Purdue game and the Duke game that could have gone, the, could have gone the other way. I mean, it's basically the, the heater that, the heater that Clayton has been on, plus their front court, you know, versus like, Houston has been knocking on the door of this for the last couple of years. So I, I guess I would take Houston. Okay. Yeah. It's gonna be an incredible game. And it is like, I mean the, we, we needed this final four because the, there weren't a lot of, I mean, for a while there, your game against Florida was the best game, was the most dramatic game we had for like, you know, a week there. So it, it, it was good watching great basketball.


Alright, so I have one last question for you, coach. Always great to have you on. It is my, the Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code. Take my last question is, so you have a book coming out or it's out called Never Stop, which is the perfect title for a Dan Hurley book.


Can it, am I allowed to stop every now and then? Like never stop. Never stop. I mean, you're like a shark, right? If a shark stops it dies. Yeah. Or or at least I've read that. Yeah. And then, I mean, listen, I mean, some of the stuff that I've been doing, should I stop? I mean, I mean maybe I'm gonna, I've got a lot of things to consider this off season and I am, you know, I, listen, I didn't go to San Antonio and parade myself around there. I have self-awareness and situational awareness where I felt like the best thing to do it was to lie low and not head to San Antonio and parade myself around, you know?


'cause I do think that people needed a little break for me. The run we've been on the way this year's gone. You probably won't be seeing a whole lot of me until it's time to, to then go and and talk about the book. Yeah. I Did Mean, because obviously I've gotta get out and plug the book right when the book comes out. Right. And it was smart. Like you weren't on 60 Minutes or anything, or did anything like that. Yo that stuff was all shot in the summer. Majority of that stuff was, was shot a long time ago. Okay. All right. You did a good job on 60 Minutes. You didn't flip out at the interview or anything Good. That would've been funny if you had flipped out. Yeah. If you got mad. Like, that's not a fair question. Yeah. Don't Touch my Piss.


I was, I did get worried with 60 Minutes because there was some concern in my camp that based on the way the year was going that that could turn into a hit piece. Oh. Just, there was, you know, I had obviously, you know, the, the meltdown in Maui where I tore my Lululemon pants when I, when I was, you know what, there was an over the back call there that, you know, that, that got, that, that obviously set a lot of things in motion, but there wasn't as much anger with that over the back call as the one last night. Yeah. And, and you know, where were all of the slow mos of my over the backhaul that set me off.


It's good point. It's a good point. Yeah. The Not the same stage of game, I would say a quarterfinal game in Maui and around Thanksgiving and the national semis, they should call it The same way either way. Yeah. So consistency. Yeah, you, you're Right. Consistency. Yeah. Well just be consistent. Well, we listen right? People, we, we've been accused of being Dan Hurley apologists, but we, we feel like we've been honest that you, we've, I think every time that you have one of these things happen, we literally say what you said earlier, like, is he an asshole? Yeah. Do we want more of it in sports? Yeah. Like what? Like, and I, I think I actually have said the quote like, Dan Hurley will tell you he's an asshole sometimes, which you did just now.


So like, what are you gonna do? I like sports are supposed to be entertaining like this. I want the bad blood, I want the rivalries, I want passion, I want all of this. Never stop. Guilty is charged. It makes the sports. I think it makes it better. I mean, it makes the crowds better when, when we go and play some of these games. The environments that my, my, you know, that I bring my team into, it's like the intensity gets ratcheted up just because of, you know, just of our, our our presence and how much people wanna beat us because, you know, they hate us and they hate me. And I think the thing that they had most of these fans of a lot of these other schools though, is they just, they, you know, they, they hate the fact that we're able to do something that is obviously so hard to do.


And we did it twice And we did it, we did it twice. We did it two times in a row And we did it it with historical margins that will probably be never be done again. Yeah. Yeah. Did you ever say to yourself like, after you lost the game against Florida, well at least we covered again. Yeah. That Was kind of cool. Kept that streak alive. Well, I noticed that. So I think Bobby, I think Bobby Mullen again, I'm gonna, I think he might have mentioned to me, you know, the, like I get trolled a lot I guess by the, the gambling sites. Like, they took some shots at me this year and I guess that's why, you know, I guess I cost them a lot of money. Yeah, True. Well, not in the tournament. Always bet on, on Hurley in the tournament. Yeah.


Yeah. It's, I mean it's a, it's a good Bet. The streak is still alive in my eyes. Yep. Yeah, you could still, you could still go. So well Coach, thank you. It's always great having you on. And next time ne next year, I know we were trying to work it out, but when you come to De Paul, you gotta come to our office, put us through a quick drill because we got the full court here. So that would be fun. We'll, you could just beat us up for like 20 minutes. Give your guys an off day. You could actually have them watch you bring your whole team. They can watch you beat us up. That would maybe good team bonding Training session. I think just a 20 minute, a 20 minute session. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Make us right.


20. Yeah. We, we'll Drink piss like defense. Like defense can condition drink piss before you start. It will just like, like, like offense, like skill work to like some defensive fundamentals. To some cardio and then to some game situational live play. Yeah. You know, like Yeah. A real hard 30 minute workout. Let's go. Yeah. Yeah. I'm in. We're in. We're in. Well coach, thank you for, for, for joining us and we'll talk soon. Alright boys.


Dan Hurley was brought to you by our great friends over at Gametime. Baseball is back. There's nothing like getting to a baseball game, especially last minute. Lucky for me, I always use Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports Max. Can you actually look up the Cubs play the Phils soon, right? That they do that They do Two weeks. So Phillies in Chicago, they're playing a series here. Look up what the price for that game would be to get in the first game. Lucky for us, we always use Gametime. The official ticketing partner parts will sports, they make getting tickets faster and easier. Prices on the app actually go down the closer it gets to Showtime. Plus, if you purchase a super deal when buying tickets on April 22nd, Gametime will plant a tree with the proceeds for Earth Day. So if you look at those Phillies at Cubs tickets, I'm seeing Max, this has to be a mistake. 'cause I'm seeing you can get tickets for $11. I'm seeing 10, $10, $10 to Get in a nice crisp Hamilton to get in. That's amazing. That's a great deal. Go to historic Wrigley Field, the friendly confines. And if you use Gametime, you can get in for 10 bucks and you can put the savings back in your pocket. Spin 'em at the ballpark on a hotdog, a new hat, or some good old fashioned cracker Jack. Get a get a beer cup. Get a beer cup of the baseball bat the baseball beers that they got there. Take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account and use code PMT Get 20 bucks off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem code PMT get 20 bucks off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime


Dan Hurley is also brought to you by Simply Safe with longer daylight hours, you may be spending more time away from the house and giving burglars more opportunities to strike FBI crime. Data shows break-ins are more likely during daylight hours than under the cloak of night. Protect your home with simply safe, proactive security that helps stop threats before they happen with simply safe, millions of Americans enjoy the new standard and home and home security and greater peace of mind every time they armed their system. When heading out in the morning or when locking up each night after I got my clothes stolen from our front porch. You know what I did? I got in touch with SimpliSafe because I want to stop that in the future. Traditional security systems only take action after someone is already broken in. That's too late. SimpliSafe active guard outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they happen. It's got AI powered cameras backed by live professional monitoring agents that monitor your property and detect suspicious activity. Visit simplisafe.com/pmt, get 50% off a new system with professional monitoring and get your first month for for free. That's simplisafe.com/pmt. S-I-M-P-L-I-S afe.com/pmt. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


And now here's Mark Hoppus from Blink 180 2. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very special guest. He is an incredible musician. He's also an author. It is Mark Hoppus from Blink 180 2. He's got a new book out called Fahrenheit 180 2, A memoir. And we are very excited to have you on. We're big fans of yours, big, big fans of Blink, big fans of your career. But you have a book now. So we gotta start with the book because let's start. Yeah, I, I'll I'm always curious. You know, you've had a very interesting life. I I would put you up there if of people I'd wanna read a book about.


Thank you. But what, what made you jump to write a book? Because I always am like, is there a part of you that says, is this an egomaniac move to write a book? But yeah, totally. You have an interesting life. Yeah. Yeah. That was the hardest thing for me to, about writing the book, was thinking that anyone would be interested enough to read a book that I had written. So, but when I was sick, I got sick with cancer a few years ago and my doctor told me, when you're going through this, just write, just write like, nobody's ever gonna read this. Just write your feelings, write your thoughts. And so I started writing all this stuff while I was undergoing chemotherapy and it was really helpful to me. And then I, so I had this stuff that I'd written and my manager was like, you should write the story of Blink 180 2 from your perspective.


And, you know, Travis has his, his Mar and Tom has written books. But I really wanted to tell the story of Blink 180 2 through my eyes and my experience because it's my favorite band of all time. I love my band members and I'm such a huge fan of Blink 180 2 that I wanted to share these stories. That's Awesome. That's really cool. So I, I might be a bigger fan of Blink 180 2 than New York maybe. I'm not sure I took the shades off for this interview outta respect. I think there've been like three guys that we've interviewed on this show. I just wanna look you in the eyes, mark, because I your, your band provided one of the seminal moments of my childhood, which was getting kicked outta school for the first time when I got sent home.


'cause I was, I was wearing a t-shirt that said Blink 180 2, crappy punk rock. You got kicked outta school for crappy punk rock. They, They sent me home early. It wasn't like a suspension, but I felt like a badass. And I felt, oh Wow. Okay. Yeah. So I, well, Thank you for that. I appreciate being part of your, your story. I, I was gonna say, you were part of my childhood too, just that when Enema of the State came out, I was like, wait, women can be that hot. Because That was also like a holy shit. I think maybe the soundtrack to my first hand job. Nice. Yeah. Yeah. You've been there, there for All of it. Glad to be there. Yeah. Glad to be there through all these important moments in your lives. Yeah. The, the ups and downs. But no, we appreciate you coming on the show and you guys, I, I noticed last year all the small things kind of became a sports anthem.


I some somewhat out of nowhere. I'm not sure how it happened, but I know that you're a Dodgers fan. I am. And Tom is a Padres fan. Yep. And the Padres were using all the small things as like their pump up song in the series against the Dodgers. Yeah. Did you think about calling the Dodgers and being like, I do not give you permission to use this song? No, not at all. I like, you know, the Avalanche used it as their fight song on their run to the Stanley Cup. The Padres were using it during our playoff season last year against the Dodgers. I just love the people care about that song enough after whatever it is. That song was released in 1999. It's 2025, it's 25 years of that song and it's become a rock jock anthem.


It's awesome. Yeah. Love it. It is, It is. It's good. So the, the book from your, from your perspective, and it goes through your whole life, do you think it would've, I mean, I I think part of why it's gonna be so interesting is you guys broke up a couple times but still got back together. And that feels good because I know that like the bands break up and they never get back together and everyone just sits there being like, man, my favorite bands just no longer, you know, exist. So like, getting back together on both times, how, how was it different? And also it, does it make it, the book, like writing the book a little easier knowing that it had somewhat of a happy ending. I, I am so thankful that after all that our band has been through the breakups and the, the reunions and breaking up again and getting back together again.


This is the third iteration of Blink 180 2. And people still wanna buy albums and listen to our music and come to the shows. And to have that kind of fan base, I don't even call it fan base, it's like to have that many people support our band is just so incredible and we're so thankful for it. When we sat down this last time when we were talking about let's do Blink 180 2 again, let's do it on entirely our own terms the way that we want to do it. The three of us Blink 180 2 forever. Like, we can't mess this up again. I don't know if I can curse on your show. You're Fuck shit, fuck yeah. We Can't fuck this up again. The third time is just, we will be a joke at that point. Like, if we're getting back together as the three of us, it has to be forever.


And that's it. And everybody's like fully on board and it's the best feeling. So, So when that conversation happens is just the three of you in the room and is, I, I would imagine it's just very, you guys have been through so much together that it's kind of, everyone's stripped down to like, we know each other like brothers. Yeah, totally. And both times that like, you know, it's been, when Tom quit the first time, he and I, I, he and I didn't speak for like four years. When he quit the second time, we didn't quit. We didn't talk for a while and then we were just cordial with one another. But when we come back together, it's almost like, what are we doing? Like, that was so dumb. Why? Like, why did we ever get to that point? There's a shorthand and a brotherhood and a friendship that we, we just come back together and it's like, okay, cool. What are we gonna do now?


Yeah. Yeah. That's Awesome. The, the first time you guys met you, you broke your feet trying to impress him. Is that true? Yeah, I met Tom the day that I moved to San Diego. I woke up in the morning. I was in Ridgecrest, California, which is in the middle of the Mojave Desert. That's where I grew up. I drove to San Diego to move in with my mom and stepdad to go to college in San Diego. Got to San Diego, unloaded all my stuff, which was just my clothes and a trash bag. And I, my sister was in high school at the time and she said, oh, you know what you should do, you should meet my friend Tom. He's my boyfriend's best friend. He plays guitar and he's trying to start a punk rock band. And so I grabbed my bass, drove over to Tom's house that night, wrote our first songs together.


Kind of became bros at that point. The bromance began, and afterwards, like we were sitting, I was sitting out in the cul-de-sac in front of his house. I was smoking cigarettes And we were kind of talking and stuff and I looked over and I saw a light pole and I was like, I bet I can climb that light pole. And I climbed all the way up and I came back down and I just jumped off way too high. Ended up, you know, busting my heels, was on crutches for six weeks. But the next day, Tom Collin was like, Hey, you wanna come over and write some more music? That's cool. He was like, that was sick. That's awesome. Respect. This is a guy that I vibe with. It's like, nice crash idiot. Let's make some music. Did You, so, so when you, when you guys decided to make music together, was it instant? Because one of my favorite parts about, you know, music and, and watching bands and, and their growth, it feels like that first album always has that spark to it.


And it has that like everyone together and you're, you're all trying to make it together. Is that fair, a fair assessment? Like where you guys had that spark right away? Like, oh, We did, we were meant To do this together? Yeah. You know, the the first song that Tom and I wrote together was a song called Carousel. And you know, we had just met, I plugged in my base in his garage, which he had turned into his bedroom at his parents' house. And he said, do you have any ideas for new music? 'cause we were talking about bands we like. And I said, oh yeah, I wrote this thing a couple weeks ago and I played it for him, but it was really incomplete. It was just like a little riff. And he goes, oh my God, that works perfectly with this thing that I've been working on. And he played me his guitar thing and I'm like, it's even in the same key. Like, it works perfectly.


And so we had already started writing songs with each other before we'd even met. And it felt like, you know, it felt like it was meant to be from day one. Yeah. I'm always curious when I'm talking to musicians about when you know that you're, you're gonna commit to this full time that it's gonna be your job because it's fun to play music with your friends. It's fun to be in a band, but at some point you guys have to commit to it and say, this is my focus. If, if we need to get into a van and travel around for like three weeks, we'll do it. We'll make dog shit money. But this is gonna be my full-time gig right now. What was that for you guys? I was in college and Blink was starting to play some shows and we'd get more shows over the weekend. So, you know, one weekend we played San Diego and the next weekend we play LA and then like a month later we'd play San Diego, LA, and Phoenix.


And then a couple weeks later we'd play San Diego, LA Phoenix, San Francisco, Sacramento. And so I was missing a lot of college. I was doing poorly in school and the band was just starting to create this kind of tiny little spark where people would come and see us play And we were getting more opportunities. And I went to my mom and I was like, look, we're making 50 bucks a show at this point. Like, we can barely afford gas money, but we can afford gas money now and there's an opportunity to go on tour maybe sometime in the future. What do I do? 'cause I don't wanna fail outta college and, you know, waste all this money and waste my parents' money. And she was like, you can go back to college anytime. There are people in their forties that go back to college and finish their degree. You only get one chance to be in a band.


Get out there and go find your dream. And I was like, all right, cool. And so I ended up living at her house with my mom and my sister and my stepdad until I was in my mid twenties just treating the place like a skateboard flop house. Me and my band mates and skater loser friends would stay the night there. We would stay up till four o'clock in the morning playing Street Fighter two screaming. My parents would come out in the middle of the night, shut the fuck up, we're trying to sleep. And we'd go back to it. And it was, it was great. It was the only way that I was able to start being in abandoned tour at all was that my mom was like, yeah, live at home, go do your shit. Yeah. Yeah. And then very cool mom Move things. Things kind of took off when Dude Ranch came out and when you're recording that and you're listening to Damnit for the first time after you've recorded it, do you know this is gonna be a hit?


Like My life's gonna change? No, I mean, we thought it was a cool song And we thought it was a highlight of the album, And we thought it would be the first single, but first, like, we didn't have singles at that point. People weren't really playing us on the radio too much. There were a few stations in Southern California that were playing M and MSS off of Cheshire Cat and maybe Josie. No, Josie was on Dude Ranch, so maybe they were playing M and MSS off of Cheshire Cat, but we didn't have singles until Dude Ranch. And so when we were recording, like we didn't know that that was gonna be a single that was gonna be played on the radio. We were gonna film a video for, it was just the, the highlight of the record at that point. So that song we still play as the big closer of our sets even now, 30 years later.


Yeah. Yeah. And I remember the first time when I heard the intro to Damnit, I was like, I love this. So before the song started really, I was like, I love this song. This is now my favorite song. And you wrote the guitar part for that, right? Yeah. And so when you're, when you're showing Tom the guitar part is he like, dude, what the fuck I, I write the guitar parts? No, we've always written kind of everything together. Like he writes, he'll be like, I think the bass goes like this. And I'll be like, I think the guitar goes like this. And we have license to change one another's ideas or try and come up with something better. When I wrote the guitar riff at the beginning of Damnit, I wrote that on a, on an acoustic guitar that I had busted at my mom's house. And it only had the bottom three strings on it. It only had the EAD strings on it.


So that's why it just has those, you can play the whole thing on three strings. Yeah. And that's kind of, I think the limitation was why the song is kind of good, because it's so simple and catchy. Yeah. Do you, do you have a moment in the history of Blink 180 2 where you're like, oh shit, this has now changed forever. Like we some, you know, whether it be album song or, you know, getting, you know, a tour or anything, we're like, okay, we've, we've hit the point of no return where this is now, I'm, I've made it so to speak. Well made it like this is the point of no return. I would say probably during the enema of the state era where we started like touring enough that we were playing amphitheaters and arenas and, you know, we had hit songs on the radio And we were playing being played on TRL and we'd walk into like a clothing store somewhere and they'd be playing all the small things, what the fuck is this?


And at that point I was like, wow, okay, now I feel a little confident that this is gonna be at least going for a few more years. You know, you never know what's gonna happen as a musician, as an artist, you know, a performer, actor, whatever it is. Like, what's the next gig? What's, are people gonna still care in five years? And you know, we've always worked and written the best songs we can and toured our asses off and believed in ourselves and it's worked out well for us, but you can't ever count on it, you know? Right, Right. Do you think it's harder or easier at like, in today's, 'cause you know, we obviously have access to more music now with Spotify Yeah. And all this true. But like you mentioned TRLI remember as like a kid, a child of the nineties, like coming home and turning on TRL and being like, oh, these are the top 10 songs right now.


And, and like that being something that's, I don't wanna call it monoculture, but it felt like that as kids. Yeah. At that time. Do you think it's, that was like a, a big part of breaking through and, and today it might be a little more difficult? Yeah, I think it's really difficult then and now in completely different ways. Back then it was expensive to record the, you know, now you can have your laptop computer, a few rudimentary microphones, and you can record great sounds and you can put together songs and you can upload 'em to, you know, SoundCloud or there's like tens of thousands of songs being uploaded all the time to the streaming services. And you can use your social media to get the word out there and you can be on all these different things, but it's harder to cut through all the noise.


Now back then it was expensive to record, it was expensive to get your music out there. You, I, we literally had to drive to a building in Industrial Park in downtown San Diego to pick up cassettes, go home, go to Kinko's, print up all the artwork for the cassettes, cut them out by hand, fold them all up with my mom and my sister and my stepdad and band mates on our living room floor and drive them around to every single record store in San Diego just to get music in stores that hopefully people would maybe see us at a show and buy our demo. And it was five bucks. Right. So that was a lot of work back then. And you had to flyer and if we had a show we, like Tommy used to go to his high school and stuff, flyers for our band show and his friend's lockers and hand 'em to people at lunchtime.


And I would flyer my colleges And we would go to record stores and put flyers everywhere. And so it was a lot of physical work and movement to get the word out. But once you got played on like MTV or you got played on a radio station in Los Angeles called K Rock or K Rock New York, there were a few, like, like once that, once you reached that barrier, then it really got the word out. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. And it, in the TRL era when the all the small things video came out, that was, it felt like a moment. 'cause like we were going through the boy band era at the time, and then this comes out and it's like giving kind of like a, a fuck you to the boy bands. But it was funny, it was like a funny joke, right. But I read a, an excerpt from the book that you didn't know anything about the boy band music videos while you were filming that video.


And so while you were doing that, it was like, you, you were like, are fans gonna like this? I didn't like it. I thought it was a terrible idea. I was like, when they pitched the idea and they, they were like, we're going to, you know, do spoofs of Backstreet Boys, Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, 98 Degrees nsync. I was like, okay. And we were filming it, I'm like, this isn't funny. Like, I don't understand what we're spoofing. I don't know these videos. And I went to like band mates management label. This isn't funny. I don't back this idea at all. I'm gonna go on record and say I think this is gonna be a horrible video. And I was wrong as shit. Yeah. Very wrong. It was an awesome video. Can we just get naked again? Yeah. Can that be another video? I Was like, can we just like run around in our underpants or do something stupid?


Yeah. But yeah, that video was genius and I think it was the right time in TRLI think that people, because like the pop thing had grown so exponentially and it was so big and it was everywhere and it was ubiquitous just, you know, pop stars and pop videos and very manufactured safe stuff and kind of, you know, green Day had already come and kind of kicked the door open and then Blink was poppy enough that we were accessible but not so punk that we were like, you know, off-putting to people. And we kind of just slid perfectly into this change between pop music and what was taking over at that time, which was punk rock and new metal and a lot more edgier, distorted guitars, heavy drums.


I think people were ready to kind of go off a little harder, laugh a little, and and be a little more edgy. Yeah. You had, you had an absolute heater too with album titles. So you had, thank you. You had Dude Ranch, which by the way, is Dude Ranch, is that cum? No, but I don't, when I said Dude Ranch, I just thought it was a funny thing. But I don't know if Tom, this whole time thought, oh my God, that's cum. But maybe he does. It wasn't my intent when I suggested the title, but I think it's a great joke. Yeah. And then Enema of the State was something that Tom came up with and was genius from day one. There's even video somewhere of Tom talking to the camera, we're shooting photos for the, for the cover of the, of the album.


And he is talking about how he's so great, he's going to, he wants to become a model for Enemas Enema. And he goes of the state, enema of the state. He goes, ha ha, that's funny. Hey Mark. And you can see the moment where Enema of the State came about. Then take Off Your Pants and Jacket. I think it's just genius. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean They're, It's, it was so good that you were like, I don't know that we can, let's just Next album Self-titled Yeah, self-titled exactly. Next album. We're like, we're not gonna try and do it. But at that point we were like, we're a serious rock band now we're gonna make an art rock album And we don't want to have a joke thing at all. Like, we want to stand on our own two feet and not have it be a joke thing. And so we did the Untitled Record, which was a lot more serious and a lot more introspective and kind of where we were at that point.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. In in that course of, of your albums in like the creative process, did you, were you guys ever feeling pressure from, 'cause we've heard a million stories of, you know, the record execs and trying to fit you guys in a box. Were you able to stave that off and and be yourself? Yeah, Totally. We were very lucky in that in the beginning the labels didn't care enough about us to come down and put any pressure on us. They were, you know, they were like, yeah, just go do your thing and we'll put it out. And kind of just left us on our, on our own. And then by the time we did that with Dude Ranch and NMO, the State, then when we did the Untitled Record, we recorded that mostly in San Diego. And most of the label people are like, I'm not gonna drive down to San Diego. No way.


Like, I'm not, I'm not leaving LA and driving all the way down to San Diego to listen to what these dudes are doing. And so we've always been really autonomous and basically at the end just turned in our record and said, there you go. That's awesome. That's great. And, and when Enema comes out, obviously you make the switch to Travis on the drums who I think is one of the best rock drummers of all time. Oh yeah. Just an incredible musician, maybe, maybe the best songwriting drummer of all time. Yeah. When you think of how he breaks down songs, did that put any pressure on you to up your game as a songwriter to be like, this guy's way fucking better at his instrument than anybody I've ever played with? I gotta step it up. Yes, entirely. When Travis joined the band, the, the whole everything leveled up. Like, you know, I felt pressure to be a better songwriter.


I know Tom felt the same. Travis would come in and, you know, Tom and I would present these ideas that were like, you know, really straightforward punk rock songs, whatever. And Travis would be like, what if I played this beat on top of it? And then you're like, oh shit, that takes the song to a totally different place. And then we'd build on that. So Travis joining the band brought in elements that we had never really incorporated into our band before. 'cause Travis came in with like all these different musical influences. He grew up listening to punk rock, but he also grew up like a metalhead. And he grew up playing in Drumline and he grew up, he grew up listening to hip hop and rap music. And so he brought in all these different styles to Blink that really creatively inspired me and Tom to bust out of our world punk rock band.


And no, we're not just a punk rock band. We're a rock band with all these different cool influences. Yeah. Yeah. Is there an alternate universe where Travis is just the best God drummer of all time? There is. If you ever give him a call from the Aqua Batts and he's dope, he was a great drummer in Aqua Batts. He was killing it when we watched Travis with Acrobats And we were on tour, Blink 180 2 and Acrobats were on tour together and that's when we met Travis. He was doing stuff in a ska band that you're like, that is way beyond what a ska band should be doing. Yeah. Yeah. Just, yeah. Incredible drummer and yeah, you guys have had such an incredible career. Is it harder to write pop punk songs as you get older? Because so much of what you started with in your catalog is like teenage angst, right?


Like you're not getting laid, you're pissed off at your parents, that sort of thing. Is it harder to write that type of music, getting older and dealing with different problems, problems? Sometimes it, what I, what really it is, is you think about like, you know, for me, I think back to moments that I was upset or inspired or in love or felt angry about something and extrapolate that, and I'm not trying to write songs about like I've, I'm angry at my parents and chicks won't talk to me about things like that. I'm more writing about songs from memories of my life or things that I see in the world or things that I see happen to my friends. And I think it would be disingenuous for me to be like, you know, writing about high school stuff unless, unless it was something that I remembered from my high school and was writing it in that frame of mind.


But I'm not trying to be like, yeah, fuck you mom. You know? Right. Yeah. Right. Although like after you write family reunion, are you like, maybe we've peaked as a band, this is a great song. Yeah, that was pretty rad. And in fact, when we recorded Take After Your Pants and Jacket, we were like in, we were in full reaction against enema of the state where we were on TRL and it was Poppy and it was fun and it was bright and it was all these, you know, fun times summer things. And we went in and we're like, we're wearing all black everything. We are Fugazi, we are punk rock, we are post emo, post hardcore, like no more joke shit. The label came in to hear the record when we were done.


And what we did is we played them the three joke songs, which was When You Fuck Grandpa a song about Tom having Sex with a Dog and I forget what the third one is, right? Oh, mother's Day, which is like, you know, a song about Mother's Day being a celebration of having sex with your mom. Yeah. And we played 'em, those three songs as if those were the record, What was the reaction Really concerned looks between the label president and the head of a and r because we were like, yeah, this is what we want to do. Like we wanna take it to a different level. And then we played 'em those three songs. Yeah. And so, yeah. That's Great. Alright, so, so I, I read when you were battling Cancer, you did the thing that I am always so nervous about because I share on Instagram, I share like pictures of my kids to just my friends.


You shared that you had cancer to everyone accidental accidentally on your Instagram story. Yeah. What that had to have been, I mean, you already were battling cancer then on top of that, that had to have been like a, oh fuck, this sucks really bad moment. Yeah. I had intentionally not been public about my cancer diagnosis. I had told my friends and I had started chemo and I was on my third round of chemo and I accidentally posted a and I was trying to, like, I put, put a picture of me starting chemo round one, let's go to just my friends to be like, let's go and be positive and whatever, make a joke out of it. And so round three, I posted a picture of myself saying, yes, one cancer treatment, please.


Well, I'm hooked up to my iv. And they had, I, they had just given me my Benadryl, which makes me tired. And so I, I took the picture and I posted it and I started feeling groggy and two minutes later my manager April calls up and was like, did you mean to post that on Main? And I was falling asleep and I was drugged outta my brain and I was, and my last thought was, oh fuck. Oh. And I woke up a couple hours later deep into chemotherapy and looked at my phone again, all these people texting people, calling people. And by the time I was done with my treatment that day, which probably took whatever, four to six hours, and I was driving home, I felt like hell, my body was full of all these toxic poisons burning all the cancer outta my body.


And the publicist is like, you have to make a statement. People like radio stations are running with this. And so we pulled over to the side of the road and I typed on my phone something my wife was driving, and I, I typed out something, you know, I have cancer. I'm very lucky to have great doctors and family and friends to support me. And I'm, you know, hope for the best. Yeah. That says that's brutal. Yeah. Go keep going. Sorry. And so yeah, I, I wrote that and I texted to our friend Lisa Warden, who runs, you know, who ran K Rock Los Angeles and now runs 98 7 in Los Angeles. And she read my statement over the air immediately and we're still on the side of the road and I'm still full of dry. And it felt like I was Tom Sawyer at his own funeral when he sneaks back into his own funeral and he is hiding in the rafters and looking at what people think about when he, they think that he had passed.


And it was really surreal and it was like, ah, shit, everybody knows I'm sick now. And I didn't expect the outpouring of love and support that I got from the world. I thought people would be more like, ha ha, finally you got yours. You send him a bitch. Oh man. How do you feeling now? You feel healthy? I feel really healthy. I really have to work hard at staying healthy. And I go to the gym five days a week and I'm working out with weights and I eat right and I stop drinking and like all this stuff. So I'm in a really good spot. The only part that is lagging at all is my brain fog hits from time to time. And when that happens, it sucks. Yeah, I imagine. Well, I'm glad you're feeling so much better. I, I got a question for you about, about the relationship with Tom.


Obviously thick and thin ups and downs. Did you ever think that like the, one of the first times you guys broke up when it's like Tom is really into going off and finding aliens somewhere, did you ever think that that reunion would end with you being like, Tom, you were kind of low key right? About finding aliens, everything you've been vindicated. Yeah, my bad. I've asked him that before. I've been like, you know, hey, you're kind of right. And he is like, I know, but Tom has so many takes on so many different things, especially aliens. Like he told me at one point in the same conversation that he just, he'll just start talking and he rambles and he can't stop. And he, and he'll talk to you at you for half an hour. And in the same conversation he said, we never landed on the moon.


That was a hoax perpetuated from a studio in Burbank. And the reason that Kennedy was shot was because he found out when we landed on the moon that there were secret alien glass castles on the dark side of the moon. So I'm like, well, which is it? Did we go to the moon or did we not go to the moon? And then he kind of thinks and he goes, exactly, exactly. Gotcha. Yeah. So if you come up with enough takes, eventually something's gonna be right. That's The premise of this entire show. Yeah, There you go. Yeah. We just throw enough things at the wall that every now and then we can be like, told you guys Totally. You're like, Aaron Rogers is gonna come back and win a and win, you know, the, the Lombardi. Yeah, yeah, Exactly. I could see Aaron Rogers and Tom getting along real well.


Oh, totally. Yeah, totally. They, you know, Tom for fun for a long time would go and he, he would buy like military grade night vision goggles and he would go on missions, go camping to try and find Bigfoot. That's awesome. That's pretty Badass. That's, yeah, I mean, that sounds like a fun guy to hang out with. Yeah, Totally. Yeah, Tom rules, he's awesome. And I love that he chases whatever, like, whatever it is that he wants to do, he's gonna go do it. When you guys, when you guys had your period where you weren't talking and then you get back together, I know you said like once you're in person, it, you pick right back up. But was it, was it difficult? I mean, thinking of like your best friend in the whole world, you don't talk to him for four years. Yeah. That's, that's gotta be hard. It also has to be a little sad.


Like even even looking back now being like, I missed four years of your life. Yeah, totally. It sucks. It was, it was painful. It was, it, I felt like I had lost not only my band, but my best friend and my sense of self and what was I, if I wasn't Mark from Blink 180 2, I'm just Mark Hoppa some dude that was in a band, or what am I or who should I be? Or you know, like my creative partner was gone, my band was gone. My sense of self, everything. It sucked. Yeah. Who texted first? Tom called the first time Tom called me out of the blue and I looked at my phone and it was a, it was a San Diego number, and I'm like, huh. And answered the phone. It was Tom. And I was like, hello? And he goes, Hey, it's Tom.


And I like, oh shit. And I walked outside and I'm like, how you doing dude? And he is like, I'm good, how are you? And I'm like, I'm good. And it was like a, it was kinda like we picked right back up from four years ago, but not an argument's sake. Like, we didn't be like, you know what? You sucked, whatever. But we, we had a really great conversation, how are you in your life? Where are you? Just like family, kids, mental health, that kind of stuff. And then he goes, so what have you learned over the past four years? Whoa. And I was like, and then we had a really great heart to heart about what each of us had learned over the past four years. And it was really like instantly wholesome and great and fulfilling and like, I felt like, like the floodgates open and I felt all this like love and opportunity and, and I don't know, life come back into me.


Yeah. That's really cool. And the first time you guys get, get back into songwriting mode together, what's that like? Are you guys doing it like you're writing together or you come with ideas, you sit Down? So the first time we got back together on neighborhoods, Tom had an idea for a song that became up all night. And it was great from the beginning, but writing songs after had, after having been so adversarial and so like the band broke down and everything else. When we first started writing songs, we were very cautious with one another. Very tender with one another's feelings. Very like, you know, let's not accidentally knock out this flame that we have going and bands, especially with Blink. Like, we need to be able to say, that's a great idea, but I don't like this section, or this could be better, or whatever.


Like, you don't wanna just be like, oh yeah, that you, that's great. Oh yeah, totally. That's good. Oh yeah. You know, so you need to be able to push back on stuff and that took us a while to get to that point where we could say like, I understand what you're going for, but let's do it this way. Or I think we could do it different, or, I don't like that idea. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm always interested too, to know how you come up with the order for songs on an album, like the track listing. I love it because I, I feel like you gotta tell a story, right? Yeah. It's like a set, like when you, like, we still very consciously think of how one song goes into the next song as if you're listening to an album and you, like, I did the, I did the sequencing for Ene of the State and Take Every Pants and Jacket. We all did it for the Untitled record.


Travis really led the charge on one more time. And it's a very important thing. You're trying to tell a story, you're trying to, you know, start strong and, you know, have highs and lows and emotional, like songs that are similar can't be next to one another on the record. Songs that are in the same key maybe don't align necessarily on one song going into the next. So that's something we take a lot of time and, and, and Care doing. And So the, the trilogy of Anthems that you have, Anthem, Anthem part two, Anthem part three. How do you know when you're writing a song? Like this could be an anthem, we should name this one Anthem. Those are all Tom's song songs that start with Tom and he wrote Anthem and it was an awesome song. And then we were writing Anthem two, we were like, well this kind of has the same vibe as that and kind of with Anthem three and Anthem part three on one more Time, I think just really shows how genius Tom is as a songwriter.


Like, I listened to that song, you know, we've been performing that song for a year. We've known, we've had that song in our lives for probably a year and a half, maybe even two years at this point. And when we play it on stage, it still gives me goosebumps because Tom is such a great songwriter. It's so, like, the, the guitars are soaring and when he's singing it, you, you like, it's coming from his soul. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, so Mark, I have, I have one last question. I know PFT probably has the last question as well. My last question.


The Rollback question, R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code, take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos, hoodies, joggers, shorts, promo code take.


So your book Fahrenheit 180 2, the, the cover by the way, I meant to mention, I just, the, and whenever you put like pink or some type type of neon on the cover, I instantly am like, oh, I gotta read this book. You just walk by. Oh thanks. And you're like, that was really smart. That that works. Thank You. Yeah. Interesting story about the book cover is during the pandemic, I started Twitch streaming and open and I opened up a Discord. And on the Discord I was talking with people and fans and whatever, And we kind of built this rag community and one of the people in the Discord is this woman named Joe who just happened to be a book designer. And so when it came, like literally she designs the covers of books.


And so when I decided to write a book, I hit her up and she's like, I would love to do your book cover. And so that's the product of it. She's, she knocked it outta the park. Yeah. All due respect. She did. So. Alright, so obviously people who are huge fans of Blink, huge fans of yours are gonna buy this book. What do you, what do you think they're gonna find out about you in this book that they might not have realized? You know, when reading about your whole life? I think that people are going to discover that I'm smarter than people think that I am. And that also I'm a lot darker than people think that I am. Oh, Okay. That's a good combo. Yeah. Smarter is always being a little bit smarter than people think you are. That's also the premise of this show. We want people to think we're idiots And we are idiots for the most part.


But it is good to do it that way. It's, it's bad to go the opposite way. Yeah. And just be like, oh, you're, you're actually dumber than I thought. Totally. In what way darker do you think? I think that I've, I deal with anxiety and depression a lot more than people think that I do. And a lot more than I allow people to think that I do. But I'm very honest in the book about my struggles and about my shortcomings and the difficulties that I've had. And I think that will surprise people because I think most of the time people think of Blink 180 2 as fun, brotherhood, youth parties go have a great time. And then they'll read this and be like, whoa. Okay. So this dude really is goth in his soul. Yeah. I, I watched some of your twi, your Twitch streams and some of the content you started putting out over the pandemic.


You, you love collabing with people. You love working With musicians. Totally. I, I love, I love that process. I love creativity. I love people bringing an idea and me working on it, or me presenting an idea to somebody and then making it better. When you write a song and you're driving home from a studio and you put put on, you know, used to be it would be on cassette and you put the cassette in and you're like, holy shit. I'm listening to a song that I love that didn't exist two days ago. Yeah. There's no feeling like that in the world. Yeah. It's Pretty cool. No, I've, I've appreciated what you've done. What's your going rate for, for a Mark Hoppa feature? What do they have to send you? I think it's 10 grand. 10 grand. But, But it's also free. I mean, I don't do anything for money and I don't do anything unless I like the song or I like the people, or I believe in it.


Like, I'm not for sale, but it would be 10 grand. Well, What I just, I, I like the song featuring Mark Hops that they wrote. Oh yeah, totally. And then you're like, fuck it, I'll jump on this track. Yeah. I, I should, but I'm, but I'm not on that track. The, what was that band that did featuring Mark Hops? Oh shit. I forget the name of that band. Yeah. But it's a great song and I love it. And I thought it was really clever that they use my name as like a, I don't know, a meme, like a meme grab. I think it's really awesome the way that bands now, they'll make shorter songs. They'll do a song that's two minutes long. Hot Mulligan was the name of the band, by the way. Yeah, Yeah. They'll like write two minutes songs that are so hooky that you go back and listen to it a second time because then they'll get two streams.


So rather than write a four minute song, bands will write a two minute great song that you'll just listen to twice. Yeah. Yes. Really smart. Yeah. So I, I've got a band here at, at Bartol Sports. We're called Pop Punk and we're a, we're a pop punk band, but we're like also a parody of pop punk bands. Like we've got a song, my Real Girlfriend, which is about obviously Fake Girlfriend. We've got a song called Peaked in High School. We just recorded. I'm gonna send you, I'm gonna send you through your literary agent. I'm gonna send you peaked in high school and if you like it, just say, just record yourself saying Peaked in high school and I'm just gonna use that in the track. Yes. Great. Featuring Mark Ha feature. Or if you just wanna say peaked in high school right now.


I'll just grab this audio Peaked in high school. Okay, there you go. Peaked in high school featuring Mark Haas it on. So Jerry O'Connell's gonna pay the guy play the guy who peaked in high school. Yeah. I love it. Nice. Well Mark, thank you so much. We appreciate you joining us. Good luck with the book tour. When you're in Chicago, we'd love to have you come by. I'll be there. Yeah. Also, I, I saw you sold your Banksy. Were you just tired of telling everyone that you had a Banksy? You know what, honestly, when we bought the Banksy, it was, I loved it and it, it changed our lives forever. Like we love that painting so much. But it became worth so much money that it started to feel and then we ended up putting it in storage for its own protection. And then yeah, point like I didn't want want painting to sit in a box somewhere.


And it started to feel like we were talking about Banksy, like we owned a Banksy. It started to feel like ego and I didn't like that. Okay. And you gave it to you Gave it to a good cause. I just know that if I had a Banksy, I would tell everyone that I had a Banksy and that's why you did a Banksy it be the first thing outta my mouth. Totally. Yeah. No, I was super proud of it. And then it became worse so much that I was like, oh, now I sound like a snob and I don't like that. Yeah. I have a Banksy. It's not here right now. Yeah, yeah, totally. It's in storage, but it's cool. Yeah, trust me, it rocks. Alright, well thank you so much Mark. Everyone go by Fahrenheit 180 2 and thanks so much man. This was so much fun. Alright, see you soon.


Part of my take is sponsored by Better Help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session. That adds up fast. But with Better Help Online Therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session this month. Better Help is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that we've ever offered on this show. With 90% off your first week. Guys, don't miss this. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything. From anxiety to everyday stress, I've gone to Therapy, it's benefited me tremendously. In the past, I think a lot of people could use therapy with over 30,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with a click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/pmt today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com/pmt.


Mark Hops was also brought to you by our great friends over at Uber Eats. Uber Eats is delivering game day deals all tournament long because you can't watch eight hours of basketball on an empty stomach. From burgers to wings, pizza to chicken sandwiches, whatever you're craving. Uber Eats has deals on all your game day favorites. So you never have to miss a single buzzer beater. Not to jinx myself not to jinx it, I'm calling no Jinx. It's been like four, maybe five months since I, I've ordered food to the wrong address by mistake. Ordered it to work when I'm at home, ordered it to home When I'm at work, it's because Uber Eats, they let me know. You might be far away from where you're ordering right now, but on real hot streak. Got some Uber Eats delivered to the Final four. When I was watching at home with Blake on Saturday. You can get game day deals on all your favorites. Only on Uber Eats order now.


Alright, we'll wrap up with a Monday reading from our good friend Mike Florio. Rare to have him be in the Monday reading because usually the Monday reading is something crazy. Well actually, you know what, this is crazy. So here it is. Usually Florio is spot on. Yeah. This is the best fan fiction he is ever done. This is where Flores like we're in the, the spot of the calendar where he, because I think he does take a vacation after like mini camps. Yeah. Before training camps. It's a, you know what it is, But this is not vacation time and it's still low. 'cause we're not at the draft. It's an exercise in creative writing. Creative writing. Bengals, bears could in theory come together and pay for a stadium in Chicago, New York.


Okay. New Jersey has two teams. Los Angeles has two. If London ever has one, it will likely have two. What about Chicago? The market currently supports two teams in the sport that used to be America's pastime. Nice dig there. Real nice Dig. People forget. Yeah. That Boxing baseball, horse racing. That was the big Three. And with the bears getting nowhere when it comes to finagling taxpayer funding for new stadium, the solution could come from having a second team play there. Instantly the inventory of games would double from 10 to 20. Math checks out. Yep. It become much easier for the Bears and possibly the other team. Unless it's just tenant to pay for the building with minimal public assistance. That Was also kind of mean that he, he said 10 to 20, not counting playoffs at all.


Playoffs. Yeah. Also, they can pay for these stadiums. They just choose not to The billionaires. Yeah, they could. They could. I mean they could probably, McCaskey are poor, but they could, they could sell the team to someone who could pay for the stadium. Enter the Bengals. They're less than three months away from the final countdown to the expiration of their lease at Paycor Stadium. During the league meetings this week, executive VP Katie Blackburn said the quiet thing out loud after 2025, the Bengals can go wherever they want to go. It's easy to come up with a list of cities that currently have no NFL teams with the best outcome for the Bengals and the Bears Could be to partner up in a new Chicagoland stadium. I disagree. That is not the best outcome for the Bengals.


No, not at all. Not it's Far. Not even close. It's far from the best. They shouldn't move. There should be a rule saying that teams should not be allowed to move just because their owner doesn't wanna pay for a new stadium. That's, that's part of the price of owning a team. And guess what, when you get a new stadium, your team is worth a lot more money. Yeah. And you'll end up making money on Also like, this gonna sound stupid, but like a FC South or sorry, Southwest. NFC South NFC West a FC South a FC West. I could somehow see it moving. Maybe that's 'cause they have like the north and the East. You can't move those places. You can't change the, the NFC North, Although the Browns, but Yeah, The No, you can't the the Packers bears.


Yeah. You can't change, you can't move Cincinnati. Like that's the a FC North. Right. That's football. Right. But I'm saying like you, why couldn't they Still be the a FFC North? They could, but like if they're, if they're in, I don't know, like if they're in San Diego, the San Diego Bengals and the a FFC North. No, they can't. They can't. Oh, I was saying if they stay In Chicago. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. But I'm saying like they, I just don't, I do not believe that those teams can move again. The Browns I know moved, but Yeah. So what are the other cities that people are throwing up? Because for a while Las Vegas was a very important city because every team would threaten to move to Las Vegas. Yeah. 'cause it was open. So now it's, my guess is probably San Diego. Probably not. 'cause they used to have, they used to have one.


They failed. St. Louis is always out there. St. Louis is out there. They got the battle hawks though. All right. So I'm looking at, and then San Antonio Potential expansion cities is from ai, Sacramento, San Antonio, Orlando, Toronto. Yeah. No, no. Toronto. Actually you could stay in the FC North. No, it's too close to the bills though. It's Also Canadian. Yeah. Those are Bills fans. Yeah. Okay. Back to his article. So not the best outcome. We all agree Bengals should stay in Cincinnati. The chances of this actually happening are low, not low enough for Florida to write. The, the story about it is, I'm just putting myself in Flo's head here, is the whole genesis of this article. Like this is kinda weird.


They're spending money on people. They have to have some plan to make more money. Like an obscene amount more money. Yeah. Since they're giving contracts to their own players. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. I think that's probably, he thought about that too hard. And then he is like, they're probably planning on moving. I also Think he's just a master at writing. Like any, any type of fan fiction where it's like, it's not gonna happen, but it could conceivably happen. So I'm gonna write about it knowing people will click on it. He's great. Yeah. Yeah. You just put it in Theory. Yeah. In theory. Oh, Florio should write a blog. Maybe you should get back on your, on your blog game for one return. Once PFDN, maybe in theory the NFL could create a coliseum where all the teams play.


And also wild animals. Yeah. Yeah. Bring back Rome On Sunday. They just go back to back to back, to back, to back. Like The, the bears actually take on the Bengals, except it's the animals. Right. The chance of this actually happening are low. In theory. It's possible. It Would make a lot of money. That was me Reading the article again. Yeah. And with the political winds blowing more and more strongly against subsidies for football teams worth upwards of 10 billion and beyond, it might take brash creativity to solve the current stadium situation for the Bears and the Bengals. Are The current political winds actually blowing that way? 'cause I feel like we're still doing a thing where owners threaten to move and then they get more tax breaks from the city and then they stay.


I think people are, that's kinda what's been going on. I Think in general, people are a lot more against paying tax money for these stadiums. 'cause the the franchise costs are so insane. I agree. But it still happens. But it's more, But we're, but we're like, this sucks. Fuck you. It's more than I feel like 30 years ago it was just like, oh yeah. Stadium. That's a public good. Yeah. Which brings me to a point I've been meaning to bring up with Max. The Eagles should play tariff. They should pay tariffs on Jordan Milot. They should disagree. That should cost you more money. Where are the other boys? You guys? You, you got 'em in. You got 'em freaking out. I Didn't freak 'em out. I just, I didn't know if they wanted to sit in the booth for, for 30 minutes left of the show.


Get 'em in here. They're coming. All right. Bengals and Bears. That would suck. Yeah. I don't think anybody would be happy with That. I can. I just, And we love Floreal. Wait, why? What? Be cool Because The Bengals would move outta Cincinnati. I'm not for that. Yeah. They got, they got a good fan base. It be fun for Chicago. You're, you're the problem with the world as a Chicago Know You're the problem with the world steal Bengals. You're like, yeah, it'd be kind of cool to say we got two. You're completely discounting everybody in Cincinnati and like northern Kentucky that loves the Bengals. And you're like, yeah, it'd be kind of, I, I'd like it if they played in my backyard. Can I just throw And we love Florio.


It would be cool. We do. Yeah. Yeah. You're the problem. I feel like Florio didn't Florio's the problem always. He's, you, you point at he's the reason that, that you would accept a, a new team that you don't care about. Well, it's not me. I'm not like a Chicago fan or a Bengals fan, but like, as someone that lives in Chicago, it'd be cool I can say that. Think about traffic every, every Sunday. Well, Penns where the stadium Is. So that's where Lake Sure. That's where I, I think Florio kind of missed the mark here. If he really was gonna do this article, I was expecting him to pick a random location in the middle of Indiana and be like, this is Equid distance between Cincinnati and Chicago. Both teams just drive, bring back Jet like two and a half hours.


It's like a floating stadium in Lake Michigan. I wanted that. Gary, is Cincinnati's like a, you know, a little less than five hour drive to Chicago should be like, yeah, here it is. This, this random town will now be the host of the Bengals and the Bears. Hank, I, I kind of don't hate that idea. What? Move them both to Gary, Indiana. Get rid of all the traffic. That would be a little bit of a, a commute for the Bengals fence. They make the trek. You think so? They'd be like, yeah, we're gonna drive three hours. I don't know if that guy would Three and a half With the giant beer to cross state lines. That might be an issue too. Yeah. Okay. Hey Booth boys. I didn't, I didn't wanna scare you off. I just didn't, also didn't want you to have to sit in that hot booth next to Max for 30 minutes.


Sorry. There was some confusion, but we're back. Oh, Okay. Probably 'cause Max Threatened you over the course of the past Weekend. Yeah. Watch the pmm TV It was very well done. It's been good. We just, we can't have another flare up. That's right. Yeah. Right. And you are his boss Really Inside these walls. Like inside these walls. When we sit with the mics on, you are the president. You're everyone's boss. Fuck. Yeah. So anything you wanna do. Should I slap him? Yeah. Nah. Yeah. I would never, I would never, I would never. That's, that's such an alpha move right there. No, no. Just making him think about it. I thought you're, you're a good, Good, good guy. Max Oma had your side pug.


At least I got one max that has my back. Yeah. Just kidding. Okay, pug, you, you are the president. So why don't you numbers, why don't you decide first I'll go with 99 3. Fuck. Ah, that's fucked up. Memes. Memes. You've been jumping around. Yeah. Oh eight. I was gonna pick eight. Oh Man. If you got 15, actually no, I'm not gonna do 15. You want 15 memes? No, I want eight. I'm gonna do 70. I just said Eight. Yeah. Hank's got It. 73. One. You're not gonna get it. Memes you never do. 15 Was Jack. Oh, Jack, Jack One.


I, I are, I I I just said one. Fuck. Oh, that one you did on purpose. Two. You're going two. You go two. I Got two. That's what I, I got for PFT. That one Time Pft out. That's, I got number three this time. Oh. Seven. Man went away. Shit. So close man.