
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music On today is part of my take. We have our coworker, good friend, super Bowl winning head Coach Jon Gruden In Studio. We're gonna preview week 16 in the NFL with our picks. And we also have Thursday night football in a fire fest you won't wanna miss.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. It's the most wonderful time of the year for getting in on all the hoops. Football and hockey action. A Draftking sportsbook. In the season of giving, we're being gifted college football and basketball, pro football and basketball and pro hockey too. Almost 24 7. So many games every day. So many opportunities to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to the Draftking Sportsbook app and place your bet. And here's a gift for all New customers. Bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks. Happy Holidays from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go Football. Yeah. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app and use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks. Happy holidays from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Friday, December 20th and PFT.


Nothing sets the tone like a perfect football weekend, like a great Thursday night football game. And holy shit, do we have a great football weekend ahead? But that game was awesome. The Chargers come back spurned on by the first free kick in what, 46 years in the NFL two pivotal Moments. Yeah. The free kick before halftime, which is awesome. Rarely use free kick. Yep. If there's a penalty and there's zero seconds left on the clock, you can do an untimed down or you can just do a place kick. And I don't know why, why more kickers don't take like the the 15 step runup Yeah. To try to boot it 75 yards like it's a kickoff, but it was the first one that's been made. I think the Chargers had the last one before this In 79, 48 Years ago.


Wow. Is how long ago it was. So there it was that and then the other Pivotal moment. Yeah, The other pivotal moment Justin Herbert sliding and the personal foul call that pretty much changed the, listen, I, I think the Chargers were running a, like their offense and what they were doing in the second half was phenomenal, but that was a pivotal moment in the game that if you're a Broncos fan, you have a right to be upset. Yeah. Because that went from a possible field goal for the Chargers to a first in goal. They scored, they ended up ripping off, I think 21 unanswered points in the second half. Justin Herbert, That touchdown pass that he threw as he was falling down. Oh That's the guy that is the guy. When people are like, oh, Justin Herbert's only, you know, social media, quarterback, whatever.


I don't even know what the criticism of Justin Herbert is anymore because it never made sense to me. That's the Guy I think now the criticism of of Justin Herbert is that people were angry to the phrasing and the narrative that he was a social media quarterback. Yeah. Then there was backlash to that. And then when he didn't win, people then did the backlash to those people that did the backlash. Yeah. That's, he's Got win win playoff Game. That's where, that's where we're at. We're at today. But right now this is big. It is big for, for two teams. Yeah. Tonight. Yeah. The Chargers increase their odds of making the playoffs. Hank, they will make the playoffs if they can get wins, I believe by the Colts, or excuse me, the Colts have to lose this weekend.


They have to lose to the Titans. And then they need the Dolphins to lose the 49 ERs this weekend. And they'd clinch And they would clinch. Yes. This weekend. And it was also big for our Cincinnati Bengals. Yes. The zombie Bengals, they're not dead. So this was so massive for the Bengals. 'cause the Bengals play the Broncos next week. If the Bengals win on Sunday against the Browns, we will get to that preview. It's pretty simple. But if the Bengals win against the Browns on Sunday, they'll be playing the Broncos next week to potentially get to eight and eight. And then if they win week 18 and the Broncos lose, they would be in over the Broncos. Now the big part of this though is the Bengals need the Chiefs to lose one of the next two games.


And they're tough games. Yeah. They're tough games. But if the Chiefs win their next two games, they will have clinched the one seed. 'cause they're two games up right now on the bills. And the bills obviously have the head-to-head tiebreaker. So the only way that you need, you need the Chiefs to play in that game in week 18. And not rest starters, but the Bengals have a lot more life than they did 12 hours ago. It's crazy. And, and obviously week 18 would be against the Steelers. That could be a tough game for 'em. Yeah. I'm guessing the Steelers would still have something to play for, whether it's seating or, or whatever. But yeah, and don't get me wrong, the Bengals don't have any easy wins regardless of No, they've proven that they can, they can lose to anybody in heartbreaking fashion.


No, but this schedule, it's not, it's not like the easiest schedule, but it does shake out about as good as you can hope for the Bengals right now, You know what, it was going into this game, the Bengals needed either the Chargers or the Broncos to lose out. That was the only way they were gonna get in. It was very much preferred for it to be the Broncos to lose this game because they play the Broncos. Yep. So they control a piece of their own destiny on Sunday. We said the 5%, that's a, that's a wrong number. Yeah, it's a fat 5%. What is that now? Eight, 12. 12 12, 12. If they like, they have to win out basically. Oh. But if they win this weekend, it's 12. 12. Yeah. Yeah. They have to win out.


And again, they need the chiefs to, to lose one of these two games. But I Put it at 19%. I Need this because we, it feels like we haven't, we, it feels like one through six or Yeah, one through six, one through five in both NFC and a FC have been set for a month and a half. Yeah. We need a little drama. We need a little something getting us juiced up for week 18 so that we have some games that are like, you know, whatever that Sunday night game is gonna be week 18 to get us ready to go. So I, yeah, I mean this was, and, and I mean the Broncos, I think the biggest issue for the Broncos was their defense just ran outta gas in the second Half.


Yeah. The charges defense at the start was bad. They were getting gassed. Yeah, dude. Just run all over and then it just flipped. It flipped after the, the free dick. Yeah, the free dick. The free dick flipped the whole thing. But yeah, it was, it was, the Broncos defense has been elite all year, and then in the second half, Justin Herbert went nuclear. And you, now it's just, it's hard to win in this league. PFT, week to week. It's hard to win in this league. Holy shit. What did you just pull up? I don't, memes is trying to tell me something. What kind of spread through That? Like half the time he's back here, he's telling me to look things up. That just don't make any sense. But I, there's, there's a win by win calculator for the Playoffs. I was trying to find that for the Bengals.


Okay. It's like if they win versa Browns, it's 12%, but if they win versa, Broncos, it could be 65%. Got it. But every different website has their own metrics that go into it. They're They don't match. Yeah, they don't match. One will say that the Bengals are at like 14. One will say they're at 13. I apologize, sorry. The math. The math. They don't control their own destiny, but they, they, they basically do. Yeah. They basically do. They basically do, Because I mean, if they win and then next week is the biggest game ever because it's between the two of them Ever created, Ever created. And then, and then week 18, anything can happen. Anything can happen. We all say that Anything can happen. So and Max, our Chargers, our Chargers alive need the Steelers to the Chargers getting the six seat and the Steelers getting the three Is is where you have a real chance.


Because I don't think the Chargers, the Chargers, listen, I thought they were cooked after that first quarter and a half. They get off the mat, their defense is still like taking a big step back in the last, I don't know, whatever it's been six weeks. But if they can just get into that dance and have one matchup that, you know, I think they could beat the Steelers. I don't know if they could beat the Ravens. I don't, the death sentence is the seven seed it feels like. But I'll tell you what, the Buffalo bills, if they get the two seed, the last team they wanna see is the Cincinnati Bengals. Yeah. That's the only that like, you, you don't, 'cause that's the Bengals.


The the crazy thing about the Bengals is they can't stop anyone. But if you get in a shootout with the Bengals, like anything can happen. The Season has made no sense. This would just continue that trend and, and make it make even less sense. Yeah. Charters look good. Charters fought back well. Oh, I, I'll admit that. Yeah. Yeah. I still Don't, they looked like a good team in the second half. A physical team. Yeah. And JK Dobbins should be back maybe next week, which that has been the big issue is that their run game has not looked good. I mean, even tonight, if you take out Gus Edwards 43 yard run, he was running, I think he ran like 13 times for 20 yards. Yeah. So they, they, they still have not been able to j JK Dobbins on track to return from Iron next week against the Patriots.


Yeah. This is fun. I love football. Do you guys wanna do just real quick, any, any any game you love in college football? I know we talked about it on Sunday or, or sorry, Wednesday, but we do have the college football playoff. I'm so excited for Indiana Notre Dame. That's the one I'm excited for. So excited for that game. It's JMU versus Notre Dame. Yeah. Can't wait. I, and I am actually, I mean, like, I'm, listen, I'm excited for all the games. I'm, I think I'm equally as excited to see Tennessee, Ohio State just because I just don't like what is Ohio State right now. I feel like we'll know within the first five minutes and I'm, I'm, I'm dying to find out like where their head's at.


It's also just that that game is guaranteed great takes after no matter what. Correct. Because Ohio State and Tennessee fans like one way or the other, it's, they're, they're passion. It's gonna be so nuclear reaction. Yeah. They're they're so mad at each other already too. It feels like they're already, the fans are already playing the game. I also, I'm starting to fall in love with possibly betting a large amount on Penn State on Saturday because like all the talk about Indiana, Notre Dame, all the talk about Tennessee, Ohio State. This is, this could be, this couldn't be less of a big game at all for Penn State. Everyone loves Penn State. This is where James Franklin shines though 11:00 AM or noon eastern.


But that, like, no one's talking about Penn State. SMU. This is basically, this is Penn State bringing in a Mac team Counterpoint. It is big noon Saturday. Yeah. I'm actually, that might be a big game. SUAA white out. I've loved SM U all years. So, and a white out. So I don't They made it a big game by making it a white out. And I'm, I'm saying a lot of this tongue in cheek because the takes, if we wanna talk about takes. Yep. Penn State lost that game. The takes would Be, but it'll get drowned. Yeah, it will. I guess No Hanks right. If Ohio State loses the takes will get drowned. The Yes. But, but Penn State losing to SMU would be take city. Take city USA.


What do you got, max? I thought we were getting a snow game for a second. But it'll be a high of 27 at State College on Saturday. Mm. It's gonna be cold. It's gonna be The fellas from Dallas be from Dallas. The Boys from gonna be cold. The Atlantic Coast Conference. We played in the cold Man. We was cold. We was cold. Yeah. So who do you got Saturday? All which game? Four. Just winter Friday. And just winters. Yeah. All right. Fridays, Saturday. All right. So I honestly think that Notre Dame's probably gonna win, but I, I really want Indiana to win. Yeah. I got Penn State. Yep. I got Texas, I got Tennessee. I got, I think the same. I got Texas.


Texas. I have Texas circled as my possibly blowout game 12 Five ups. That happens every year. That's true. Hank, you had a tweet earlier this week. This is a good segment where You, Hank had a tweet. Yeah. Where you said The Winston Churchill documentary. No, that wasn't it. Are you watching one? Yeah, it's good. Give it to us real quick. 60 seconds Elevator. That's super interesting. Really, really interesting guy. Great war documentary on Netflix. Was he a good guy? He, yeah. Yeah. He cared about Good. Was he a fat guy? Loved to drink, loved to smoke. Started every day with a drink and a smoke. Yeah. Loved war. Yeah.


But for good, For the good, for the good guys. Loved The cigar and a side of war. Stood, Stood, stood on business. That's Right. Be big time. Get God damn right. He did. God Kind of cocked. Yeah. Stood on business. USA and and I, Stalin, I saw a stat today. It was like a survey that was, was done of I think European people. And it said, which country do you give the most responsibility to for winning World War ii? And number one, I think was England. Number two was the United States. Number three was I think France. That was tied with the USSR with Russia. Yeah. It was crazy.


Sorry. Yeah. No, no, that's good. Different. I like that. No, you said you've been on a heater and your brain says that one of these teams is gonna have an upset this weekend. You just gotta figure out which one. So have you figured out which one? Indiana And Clemson are the two horses I'm riding. Okay. I think the weather, I think the big, I think the weather, it's big 10 weather. It's tough to go against Penn State and Ohio State. Okay. I think Indiana's got a shot. And I think Clemson has a real shot Because Indiana's Big 10. Notre Dame's not big. And Clemon Is champ. What do you like about Clemson? Championship coach? Championship, DNA Texas kind of chokers.


Lot of hype. Clemson's been, I mean, they've not been good against anyone. Good Championship DNA though. It's a, again, I don't know a lot about coach football A but it's like you do not agree that there's gonna be, they're all big favorites. No, you're right. I this why I, there's Gonna be at least one. I'm gonna bet on two, unless Indiana wins and I might Not, then it's like the upset already happened. Yeah. Yeah. We Gotta start thinking about it in like March Madness terms of like the team that got hot to win and get in and then they had the win and get in games. That's, it's definitely not how we have to start thinking about it. No, no, no, no, no. That's a good point. Like they came outta nowhere, won their conference championship. Tournament, won the, Won the whole thing. Yeah. Only way that they were gonna be able to get in. Yep. And then they played the team that lost a Heartbreaker stole a bid from a blue BL in Alabama.


Yeah. Got left off the bubble. But Texas goes down early like the pressure, like they're gonna, they might collapse. Yeah, it's true. Okay. We got anything else? Congratulations to the 2024 Low Man trophy award winner. It's Tyler Crow from Boise State. Yeah. That huge Is a well, well deserving award going to Tyler Crow. I'm happy Boise State. Got some hardware. Yeah. I mean, some would say, I heard some people online saying Ashton Gente system running back. Not us. Not us. Not us. People are also accusing you of trolling and the low man committee of trolling. No, No. The he, He blocked for the best running back in college football.


And I don't think they realized the committee. Yeah. The committee is made up of mostly fullbacks, like the best fullbacks of all time on the committee. Right. And then we have Hank and Tom Ferelli, Liam Bluman, you got your Brandon Walkers, you got your Big Cat and Pft, but it's 90% fullback, fullbacks that watch and care. Yeah. He literally blocked for Ash and Jenny having an a season we've never seen before. So May maybe the best college football season of all time. He Deserved it. So. And he iss got a great mullet. Yeah. Fantastic. And we gets Watch him in the Playoffs. Yeah. So yeah. Low man award winner in the Playoffs. I love that representation for all you youngsters at home. Yeah.


Okay. Let's kick it to ourselves. We got weekend preview for week 16. Then we have Coach Jon Gruden In Studio and then Fire Fest of the week.


Okay. Before we get to our weekend preview, we're presented by Gametime. Gametime is focused on togetherness this holiday season. When you bring people together at live events, the experience is that much better. And it's the perfect gift. You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime Picks feature. They're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. We're looking at tickets. Hank, what do we got? Lions fans, if you want to come see your team before the playoff run in Chicago, you can get in for cheap only $127 Under that $127 go. Come to Soldier Field, watch the Lions, probably beat the Bears. Just pull up your chosen event and turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime pick steal near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? Buy those Bears Lines tickets for Sunday on gate with Gametime picks. Take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account and use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again, create an account redeem code PMT or or use code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime?


Okay, boys. Week 16. We're here. We got a few teams still still fighting for those playoffs spots. We got Saturday football, which was news to Hank Saturday football. But they're doing Saturday football so that they can get the teams that are playing on Christmas Correct. And extra day rest. Correct. Which Is, which is very nice of Roger Goodell. Three games in 11 days. Thank you, sir. Is insane. Okay, let's start with it. Saturday football Texans, the Chiefs chiefs minus three and a half over under 42 and a half. All lines on DraftKings. Sportsbook is Patrick Mahomes the new big Ben. He just bounced back. He's not even on the injury report anymore. Now I don't know which we Kind of predicted.


We said that he has the ability to just not be injured. Yeah. I don't know if he's the full new Big Ben because he doesn't milk the injuries. He just gets horrifically injured in the moment. We all say, oh my God, the season's over. This sucks no more Patrick Mahomes. And then he just is fully fine the next play. His tendons, they bend in a weird way and then just snap back into place. Longevity. It's a serious thing. He's, I mean, it's pretty insane that he was full participant in practice. People were thinking the high ankle sprain. Either that or they just have the greatest training staff of all time. They could, which absolutely could be the case. Absolutely could be the case. But Chiefs at Texans.


I, I hate this Texans team. I'm not gonna lie. So they're just, they're they're tough to watch. Well, they haven't beaten a team that's over 500 yet. Yeah. So they're Oh and two, to their credit, they haven't played a lot of teams that are over 500. Yeah. They've only played two. Yeah. But yeah, they, they don't seem like the same Texans from last year. Yeah. So even last week in their win, they had less than 200 yards against the dolphins. Remember I said, I was like, I feel like Joe Mixon is Boomer bust. Well, I looked back at it. And so Kansas City has the seventh ranked rush defense, according to DVOA Joe Mixon rushing. So last week he only had 23 yards, which was you, you'd think that he'd have more yards because the dolphins have the 20th ranked rush defense. But he had 101 yards a week before against the Jaguars.


That's the 21st ranked team rush defense. He had 22 yards the week before that. So boom, bust against the titans, ninth ranked DVOA rush defense, then 109 yards, boom again against the Cowboys 28th ranked rush defense. And then 46 yards bust against the lions with the 11th ranked defense. So anytime he's had to play a top 12 rush defense. And again, the, the, the chiefs are seventh, he has been bust. And if the Texans can't run the ball, I really don't like this offense. Yeah. I it's probably fair to say though, that he had an injury in the first half last week. Yeah, That's fine.


Yeah. So the hurt his ankle, that was the anomaly. But the other ones are very, you can very much say like, oh, he plays a rush defense's 20th or worst, he's gonna have over a hundred yards. Oh, he plays one that's 10th or better. He's gonna have under 30 yards. Yeah. The, the Texans defense is making, I was about to say, they're making threats. They're actually pointedly not making threats. Yes. Against Patrick Mahomes. Yes. You see what Tim Settle said? Yeah. He said, Mahomes better make a good decision. I ain't making no threats. I'm making promises, promises made. And that was just him playing or not Just saying he make a, he better make a good decision. Yeah. On whether or not he can play, whether or not he's mobile enough to scramble. Carson Wentz also said that he's preparing as if he were the starter. Please don't. Good. Yeah. Carson, I mean, I get good job saying the right thing to the press.


I guess I, I would imagine how that went is Andy Reed probably sat, Carson went down. Andy Reid was like, Hey, Patrick's actually totally fine. It's not even an injury. He's full participant. So thank you for, you know, spot starting last week or, or, or coming into the game. But we're not gonna need you to do anything different this week. And he's just like, okay coach, cool. I'm gonna go prepare to be the starter. Yeah. But please don't. Yeah, please don't, Don't. Yeah. And he's like, no, no, no. I don't think you heard me. He's like, no, no, no. I got you. Prepare to be the starter. I Would love to see Carson wince doing the, the walk into the stadium, the fashion walk. What he would wear if he were thinking that he was gonna be the starter. Because I actually think would be more boring than if he were the backup.


Yeah. I think he gets more boring, the more relevant he gets. I also think that Carson went like, you should want him to not prepare to be the starter because he's the type of guy it feels like if you just like, Hey Carson, you're in. He might not have enough time to realize, like, I'm Carson Wentz. Yeah. So the anxiety leading up to the game. If you told him he wouldn't sleep Friday, or I guess in this case, he wouldn't get sleep on Thursday or Friday night. Right. So by the time he rolls up to the stadium, he's all nervous and lack of sleep. And you don't want him all week standing in front of his mirror being like, I am Carson Wentz. Because then he'll slowly be like, wait, I, I am shit. I am. Carson went. Is it crazy to think that if you gave Carson went a different jersey with a different name on the back, if you named him Peter, Peter Overmeyer Hin Seka Overmeyer.


Peter Overmeyer. Yeah. If it's an overmeyer on the back of his uniform, I would actually be like, let's see what this guy can do. Yeah. Does He, We haven't seen this guy before. If he scores a touchdown, will he put out a QR code for Madden codes? Yeah, But the wince The wince on the back. Yeah. The wince. What are you gonna say, max? I think he's gonna cook. Carson Wince isn't playing. Well, if He were I think he could, Yeah. That's actually the safest thing you can say about Carson Wins. I saw, I saw Max's face through the glass and he, he had the face like he was about to eat a bunch of meatballs. He was just kind of like nodding to himself. I believe in Carson once. I believe In Carson. We, it was a big miss on our part when we were talking about the, the Colt's recent history of sad old broken down quarterbacks. Yes. We left Carson went off that way.


Yes. Our Bad Big Miss. Big Miss. I guess I like the, the, the Chiefs in this game, but I, I don't know, three and a half makes me nervous just because the Chiefs play every game to a field goal. Is this, is this the week though? That's a surprise for us. No, because listen, the Chiefs have, they play the Texans who are not bad. I, I'm not, I I know I'm sounding down on the Texans. I just think it's weird because the Texans I had, I had hoped for them this year to be maybe a Super Bowl contender. And they've instead just slotted into like the traditional a FC South team that will lose in the playoffs because I just don't think their offense feels broken. So it's not that I don't think that, like they're, they're not bad and they could maybe win this game.


But the Chiefs, they are two games up right now in the Bills. They play the Texans, then they play the Steelers in Pittsburgh who might be coming off a loss to the Ravens if the Chiefs drop one of these next two. They have to play their starters week 18. Yeah, for sure. So it's, it's not like I know that they're in the driver's seat, but it's not completely, they gotta, they gotta keep their, their foot on the pedal. They Get the number one seat if they win and the bills lose or tie or Yeah. They, they get the number one seat with a Bills loss or tie or a tie in a bills loss. Yeah. And I do, we mention DJ Humphreys is out. So that's, that's bad. Yeah, that is bad. So if, I think It's gonna be an ugly game.


'cause I think both defensive lines are gonna dominate both offensive lines. The Texans offense has been just so boring this year that it's, if if this were the third year, if CGA Stroud had two great years to start his career and then this happened in the third year coming off two like disappointing playoff losses, then I would put some stock into the like maybe they're saving something. Yeah. They're saving the wrinkles, the real stuff for the postseason. Yeah. But year two it's like something, something is not the same. It just Feels a little broken. Okay. Other Saturday games Steelers at Ravens. Ravens minus six and a half over under his 45 TJ Watt and George Pickens look, or TJ Watt looks like he's gonna play. Yeah. George Pickens looks like he might play. Maybe, maybe, Maybe Tj.


I have a theory about TJ Watt's injury. Okay. Do you think he was actually injured? I don't know. I think this could be an Art of war situation. Mm. If you watch the replay of it, it was like non-contact kind of. He was like, he was pass rushing, but he didn't twist it. Nothing looked strange on it. They just start hopping. The game was already lost at that point. They know they have the Ravens next week. Sun Sue Art of War. No, they're playing the Ravens right now. Yeah. No. Yeah, yeah. No. At the time. They know they have the Ravens next week. Sun Sue Art of War. Make your enemy think that you were weak when you were strong. Start throwing out the one in 10 without TJ Watts Stats Yeah. Start. Yeah. Which are ridiculous. Let people start thinking during the week of, of practice.


Maybe TJ's not gonna be playing this week. I don't hate it. I I, 'cause I went back and I watched the injury a few times. I'm thinking maybe, 'cause I mean Mike Tomlin, when he talks, he sounds like he's the art of war. Yeah. That's been translated back and forth like three times. From English to Chinese. Right. English Chinese. Back to English. Just a theory. I have. I think TJ will be fine. I Think TJ will be fine. I I think George Pickens might play. He's been practicing a little bit. Yeah. I would love to see him play. 'cause we need more George Pickens in our life. Just a reminder, because this is just a, don't think, just bet game for me as an underdog of Four Points or more verse. The Ravens, the Steelers are eight and oh against the spread in franchise history.


And Lamar Jackson is one and four straight up and oh and five against the spread versus Mike Tomlin and the Steelers in his career. And then when these two teams play, and the line is three or more points, the underdog is 23, 4 and three against the spread in this series in the last 20 years. Again, 23, 4 and three against the spread. The underdog is three or more points. I just don't even since 20 15, 16, 2 and one against the spread the underdog of three or more points. Yeah. I mean this's just take the underdog. So 18 times, these two teams have played in the last 35 and it's been decided by three points or less.


It's crazy. So it's, it's always gonna be like that when it's Ravens and Steelers. This is also Lamar Jackson's first time playing in front of fans at home against the Steelers. Oh wow. Isn't That crazy? Yeah. 'cause he's been injured. Like, 'cause you Would think that they've seen each other a few times at this point. But yeah, he's been injured, had butt stuff. And then Covid, there were no fans. Wait, what happened last year? Let's see. 2023. Did he, he's Lamar's been insane. I know that there's a, obviously there's gonna be a MVP debate. I think the only thing that bothers me, I think both, both guys Josh Allen and Lamar Jackson, like their numbers are just insane. And Lamar's numbers. I mean 34 touchdowns and three interceptions is nuts.


It will just come down to, I I think Lamar might win it just because he plays two standalone games. Yeah. And that's all this award ends up coming down to. Maybe I, I don't know. I feel like Josh Allen's been so good in big games though. Agreed. But it's the, there, the amount of big games left. Like I think Josh Allen plays the bills, the dol or he Plays the Patriots, Or sorry, the Patriots. Sorry, the Patriots. The Jets. The Patriots. Yeah. That's, whereas Lamar Jackson plays the Steelers on Saturday and then he plays against the Texans on Christmas Day. So that it's just all narratives. Good. That's good for us.


I think it should be Josh Allen. But I also understand that this award becomes narratives. We talk about it with John Gruden, but like, remember last year was, That's not a thing. No, we, I mean it's, you know, it's more, more in the NFL. They do the narratives. We don't do the narratives. Has either one of them had a Heisman moment? Hmm? Josh did. Josh Did. Yeah. The passing, catching in. Rushing the pa. Yeah. I'd say the, the run that he had was a pass throwing a couple weeks ago against that zone defense. 50 yard touchdown run. That was a big one. Lamar, I mean, if he can beat the Steelers at home. 'cause I, I looked it up last year. It was Tyler Huntley. Oh, he missed that game. It was Snoop. That's, I forgot that he missed the game last year. Just because he won the MVP.


I mean that game got Tyler Huntley into the Pro Bowl. That was two years ago, I think when he finished the season For Lamar. 2023. Yeah, you're right. 22. Right? 'cause it was January 1st. Yeah. 2023. Yeah. So I, yeah, I'm just gonna take the underdog also. This was a, I love when athletes give just honest quotes and they don't do like the cliche cornerback for the Steelers. James Pierre was asked what the key is to tackling who his cousin, his, his cousin's with Lamar Jackson. He said, what's the key to tackling him? And he said, ain't no key. He's crazy. That guy's crazy. Facts. No key. Lamar is crazy. No key key.


He's having an insane, insane statistical season. Yeah. So right now, Josh Allen is my, I want Josh to win. I'm just saying how these things work. He's got, Lamar's got two standalone games and Josh has Zero. I think the narrative though of Lamar winning two years in a row. True. Could swing it to Josh. And Josh got dinged last year because his team's record wasn't as very good. Now his team's record is better than Lamar. Although Lamar did beat them head to head. We'll see, we'll see. I Think if you did a blind resume right now, can we do that Max? Can you pull up Blind resume? Yeah. For Lamar and, and Josh. How would I, how would I do that?


If you just, if you just showed us yards passing. Oh, You want me to like, like make, make a Graphic. We, we can do what? I Think Lamar hasn't beat normal. Solve them Not to Not rushing touchdowns. Not Rushing touchdowns. I think a lot of the other ones Do you want Me to like a Google doc? I'm just curious. Yeah. Can we do This? We don't do narratives. Yeah. Can we do We don't do narratives. All right. I'll, but also don't do it. I'm gonna like, don't do it if, just, just search on Twitter. Lamar versus Josh. They probably someone did it. Yeah. That's that actually not true. So if we did blind narratives during college football season, I think we also would've said the guy that has stats at wide receiver and Cornerback. Cornerback. Yeah. Yeah.


That would've been an easy blind resume. Sure. But we don't do narratives here. No, I still, are you guys still getting some residual ash genty heat? A little bit. I Got, I have a couple people who are just hanging on. I kind of respect 'em at this point. Yeah. It's like a week later. Can't change it. And I'll just tweet, you know, like, oh, what a trick play in this bowl game. It'd be like, fuck you for the Ashton Genti heat. But guess what if, if If like, okay, Boise State, I respect tip my cap. Boise State wins the national championship. You can then thank us for, for giving the bulletin bowl Material. Yeah. The motivation. I mean this is gonna take you forever max. And we're about to talk about the commander's eagles. Yeah, go for it. Let's not go For it. This. That's stress. I couldn't do it. One thing to note, and this is something that the Ravens, like if you're looking for holes in this Ravens team, obviously their secondary hasn't been great, but they've getting a, gotten a little better defensively.


They are through week 15. They are dead last in penalties against their dead last in penalty yards against, they're dead last in penalties per game. They're dead last in penalty yards per game. They're the most penalized team. And it's not even close. And that feels significant, especially when you're gonna play in these tight games in late December and early January. What do we think about Deontay Johnson with the Ravens? Him and the Ravens have mutually agreed to excuse him from playing. That seems like the correct thing to do. Yeah. Yeah. Being mutually excused. I think he had like five targets total as a raven.


Yeah. So It's been, hasn't been great. It has not been great. Okay. Eagle. Hank let us know if there's any hungry dogs that you're seeing. I love the Ravens. You Do? Yeah. Oh, that makes me nervous. 'cause you're a dog guy. I'm a dog Guy. Okay. Eagles at Commanders. Commanders plus three and a half over under 45 and a half. I'll let you guys take away. I just had a question for Max first. Okay. Max, are you worried at all about the curse of Jim Kelly? Please Explain The curse of Jim Kelly. Are you worried at all about the curse of Jim Kelly?


I don't know what that is. Okay. So the curse of Jim Kelly is a curse that just hit the, the internet. Dan Mitchell posted it at real. Dan Mitchell and Es essentially, essentially it's any quarterback that goes to a Super Bowl and loses their first one never goes back to the Super Bowl. Jalen Herz did that. Are you worried about the curse of Jim Kelly? This is A week by Week League. I'm worried about the commanders. You're worried. I'm just saying. Are you, I'm focused on The commanders. Do you think he should, should be worried about the curse of Jim Kelly? I'm focused on the curse of Jim Kelly.


Do you about, do you understand the curse of Jim Kelly? Any get it, any since Jim Kelly played, I get it. And lost his four Super Bowls. Any quarterback that has gone to a Super Bowl as their first time going to the Super Bowl and lost it. Never went back. Yeah, I'm focused on It. Stan Humphreys, Neil O'Donnell, drew Bledsoe, Chris Chandler, Steve McNair, Kerry Collins, rich GaN and Jake Delo, Donovan McNabb, Matt Hasselback, Rex Grossman. All these guys are ING one and state ing one for Lifetime. Colin Kaepernick, cam Newton, Matt Ryan, Jared Goff, Jimmy Garoppolo, Joe Burrow. Jalen Hurtz. Brock Purdy. Jared Goff. I think so. You're telling Me that Joe Burrow can never win a Super Bowl? I didn't say that. I think you, I said are you worried about the curse of Jim Kelly?


That's a crazy stat. That's a crazy stat. That's That's a nerd that's shout Out real damn Mitchell Until the, the recent updates of that list. It's not great quarterbacks on that list. No, That's true. But recently, I'd say in the last like Seven years. But still even like Cam New and Matt Ryan. Yeah. Like they never went back. Yeah. Max, I'll tell you this, I'm worried, I'm worried about the Eagles. I think you guys might stomp us. There's always the opportunity. No, what What does that mean? Like I, there's Always the opportunity of a whomping. Yeah. I think it is gonna be a whomping PFT. Can I, can I give you a positive for this game? Okay. You guys have the good vibes going because you had both of your kickers missed practice.


Not as a couple separately. They both were expecting children. Yeah. That's what's crazy is like it's been, it's been a crazy year. Things turned around in DC and it's so good that our kickers are fucking Yeah. Z Gonzalez a great Joseph of both. Both our kickers are having sex. Yeah. Which is crazy. Again, not together. We weren't having a baby Together. Well we don't know that. That's true. Love is love. Yeah. That's good vibes. Things, things tend to be positive after a win. You go back and you look at some good things that happened in the first half last week. Hopefully our sinners back because if we have that same offensive line that we had last week, eight sacks. Yeah. Eagles are gonna tee off. Yeah. Get ready to tee off Buddy. So Max, talk us through this.


Are you like, what's the vibes gonna be like on on? 'cause this is for the NFC East, correct? No. Well If you win it, you clinch. Oh it is Correct, correct. Correct. But the, the way you said that, I thought you meant like the winner takes the NFC East. Well If you win, You win. You the, If we win we get, but we just have to win one of the last Three. You lock it up. Okay. Yeah, but you mean it'd be nice to lock up the nfcs. Sure. Yeah. Home playoff game. This is for the nfcs. This is for the nfcs. This is For this for the Link for the Eagles to win the nfcs. This Is for a home game. Yeah, This is, You don't wanna come in the link. This is make, this is to make somebody come into Philly. Yeah, no, you don't wanna do that. No you don't. You don't wanna do that. You don't wanna make anyone go to Philly? No, they all, although No one wants to go to Philly. No, you don't wanna make anyone go to Philly under any Eagles have lost one game at home this year.


And it was the game that I attended. That's neither here nor there. What happened in that game? You saquon dropped the ball and then we gave Kirk cousins, Kirk cousins too much time on the clock If you guys had won that game. Yeah, yeah. Oh we would be, You'd already have the division. But then again we also shouldn't have won the Saints game And we did win that game. So that's why True. I keep going back to it of like, I can't believe you, we lost that game. But then I also can't believe we won the Saints game. So Yeah. So Max, I, I think that this is prime for whopping for the following reasons. One, our offensive line did not look good at all last week against like a mediocre Saints defense. Two, it feels like every position on your team except for quarterback and maybe Terry McClure is better for the Eagles.


Who is Terry McClure better then? Well, he's having a great year Gun to your head right now. You're take AJ Brown, Terry McClure. Who'd you take? Be careful. PF t's Gonna catch you gun to my head this year right now. No, be careful. I'm saying right now. Terry McClure has 11 touchdowns. He's had a great year. Yeah, Correct. Fantastic Year Having Terry McClure Max, who's having the better year? AJ Brown or Terry McClure. But I, who's the better football player? Who's the better person? I think teammate friend JJ Brown. I think you want aj who's Better person Than I think Q Want AJ Brown. Okay. But aside from the quarterback position, I just wanna put some respect on Terry's name. 'cause he should get respected. He's got like agreed a thousand yards and in every season since he's been in the league basically, and Yeah.


He just doesn't get talked about. Terry McClure Over Devante Smith. Yeah. National Sports Podcast. Terry McCluen deserves all the accolades. But besides the position of quarterback, I don't think we have a single advantage over you guys. Even that is tight. What, at this point in their career, the quarterback position, you Said many times this year that you would take if I That is out of context. What do you mean? It was if you had to, if you had to take a position Yeah. Going forward. Yeah. With contracts Involved gun to your head, you Would take Jaden Daniels over Jalen Hertz. Yeah. Well we have, we have Jaden Daniels and his contract on our team right now. You you are, you are just adding stipulations to this.


Who is better? Alright. Outside the position of quarterback. I don't think that we have anything that can, I'm trying to give you a compliment. Max. I Thank You. Outside the, the quarterback. I don't think that we have a position that is better on our side. Kicker? I don't think so. I don't know. Over 50 yards. Has your kicker made a 50 yarder this year? Yeah, several. We've had. Jake Elliot has not. I'm willing to get at this, see, at this point of their career. I'm willing to give you that one. No, I reject. Jake, when was the last time Jake Elliot had a kid, Let alone two? Great Question. Yeah, we've Had two for the price of one this Week, but I Isn't that good? That's good for your kicking game. Yeah. Is it? Yes. Yes. It's the baby bump. What are we talking about? Well, for I know for wide receivers it works. I don't know about kickers. We Should get, we should do time touchdown.


Score for your kicker. I like that. So Max, that, that's why I'm saying I think that you guys are in a position to, to wmp. But it's in the NFL. Yeah. Anything can happen each week. Any given Sunday, any given Sunday, you guys are at home. I'm excited you Guys to have a shit field. It'll probably be 50% Eagles fans in the stands. That's, that's not true. I'm ex I'm excited for True. That's, no, it's not true. You know that's true. We retook John Maryland this season. Okay. Yeah. We also do clin a playoff birth. Hank, if we win and either a Falcons lost or tie and a Rams lost or tie, or if we win and a Falcons Lost or tie and a Seahawks lost or tie. There you go. We, that does involve the Falcons losing to the Giants though.


So, And you also beating the Eagles and also us beating the Eagles. I think that's Gonna, that's We'll Get to it. You hungry dog? Wow. The Giants. Yeah. Oh, the, oh, I thought you said the EI thought you meant the Commanders. No, no, no, no, no, no. Ask Hank about the Eagles. Hank About the Eagles. I I had a big gambling day on, on Sunday and then I put a big bet on the Packers won that. And then when we were doing the show, I was like, I wanna put a bomb future down and I put it on the Eagles. Mm. I Almost five have five grand on the Eagles plus four 50. That, That I Almost biggest, that'll be the biggest bet I've ever won. I Almost did that mean thing. But I said not to do it because Max is down so bad.


I almost did the mean thing. You should have, I could still do it. What's the mean thing? A c after this weekend, I'll just say it. I was gonna do, I was gonna put a a 20 K future on the Eagles at the DraftKings Sports book in Wrigleyville and then send an email to the whole company and say this is getting split evenly between everyone at the company. Under the only stipulation if the Eagles lose, you have to blame Max. Personally. I didn't do it though. I didn't do it. I, you know what? I'm willing to, I, I would, I would be willing to take that risk. That's the spirit. Fun. Okay, Let's go.


But then that would be literally like every single, like Nick Smoke should be like, what the fuck Everyone but Nicky smoke. No, no, no. It's all or nothing. He would be such a bitch about it. Yeah. But I hank I would just basically weaponize everyone in the office against you. There's A difference between Hank having having the future and you having the future. Correct. 'cause Hank is a winner and I'm, yes. I'm fired up to have Travis Hunter. 200 K Buddy. No, no. Super Bowl winner. Ucon. That guy. That guy just winner. When was the last time you won a Super Bowl future? No, super. Oh, Winners. Okay. All right. Hank also played, that's Also been a while too. Oh, the commanders who win the Super Bowl. That's true. True. He's winner. Significantly lost and Won on the Bears. No. Oh no.


Thanks. A winner. Yeah. So Max, congratulations. I think you got this one in the bag this weekend. I disagree. It's away game. It's hard to win on the road in this league. Alright, well I'm excited to watch you guys. Any stakes or no, I gotta get a perm. Okay, So double. Well a double perm here. The problem with the perm bed is my hair is curly already. True. And so if I get a perm it's like, oh, it just looks like he's wet. If I lose, I'll continue to have a broken foot Deal. If I lose, I will. I almost said something that I shouldn't have said and I'm glad that I didn't say it. Good. Sometimes my mouth gets in front of My brain. I'm very happy you didn't say it. Yeah. Good job. Not saying it. If, if the commanders win, I'm going to throw Max's wheelchair into the dumpster.


Mm. Love that. Fine. I'm like kind of walking now. Yeah, you Are kind of walking. Basically Walking. Okay. Giants at Falcons. Falcons minus eight and a half over under 42. I mean, Hank already buried the lead. He gonna take the Giants, but we should talk. We I against his, his former goat quarterback. The, the guy that got you into college football playoff as a husky. Hank Michael Pennix Turning your back on him. So we taped on Tuesday in the afternoon. We said that you should maybe think about Michael Pennix and it was announced later that day. Michael Pennix was at Costco about to get a a dollar 50 hotdog when he got the call. And he said he wasn't hungry anymore after learning of the news.


Do you gotta still eat the hot dog? No, I like that. I like that. Also, Kirk Cousins called Michael Pennix, classy guy. He called him personally and he said I'd like to shoot elephants to the room. So I thought I'd go and shoot one. Nick Ners could learn something from that poaching. Yeah. And Kirk Cousins, if that's the end of his career as the Falcons quarterback, he made $14.3 million per win. 7.1 million per start. 5.5 million per td. $330,000 per completion. And also Kirk Cousins in his 14 games with the Falcons, $90 million guaranteed has the franchise record for most passing yards in a game.


That's pretty incredible. Remember he did that against the Fox also. Just round of applause for Kirk Cousins agent. Yeah. Agent of the year. That's tremendous. He's always getting the bag. I don't think that we're gonna see Kirk Cousins play another game. I don't think this is the end of the, For the Falcons. I don't think so. Not probably not for the Falcons. Yeah. But he'll, he'll go somewhere else. I think he's definitely, he came back too soon from the Achilles and It still just shows just how ridiculous it was that the Falcons did that. Signing Kirk cousins to $90 million guaranteed and then drafting Michael Pennix two weeks later. Yeah. One one without the other. I mean it turns out that it was a good move for them to draft Michael Pennix. Right. And A bad move to A bad move to sign Kirk. It's like they instantly regretted having Kirk on their team.


Actually It might be genius. You just go both options so that at least you have a good option. You have a quarterback no matter what. Yeah. Yeah. I mean they were saying with Kirk, hopefully we won't be so we'll, we'll be so good that we won't be in a position to draft a quarterback. Right. That we really, really like in the future. So we might as well get it right now. It ended up working out from him. So I like Michael Pennix. If you watch him when he, especially his last year at Washington, he was just the most accurate quarterback that you've ever seen. Throwing outside the numbers, attacking the entire field. And he didn't take sacks, which is, that's gonna be a big one for the Falcons. Yeah. So he, he got sacked I think like eight times or something over the course of the entire season last year.


He Had a great offensive line too. Yeah. It was incredible. So yeah. Fun fact about Michael Pennix. Same high school recruiting class as Justin Fields. And Trey Lance is Michael Pennix is one day older than Trey Lance, I believe. Oh wow. So yeah, that sta will get thrown out there a lot. 'cause I think he started college in like 2018. Yeah. So I, I think he's gonna do well. I think there's a perfect start for him against a Giants team that is so, so bad. And I'll say it because we gotta, every time there's some type of new change, a quarterback for the Falcons. This is the guy to unlock Kyle Pitts. Yeah. Maybe, Probably not.


Maybe, Probably, probably not. I think he might be the guy to finally unlock Bijon Yeah. And give us a proper Good bi. Yeah. But like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. We all say we want more Bij than the game Plan. Yeah. Need More Bij now he's gonna be, he's a lefty. So is that maybe Kyle Pitts just needs a left-handed quarterback. Yeah. Kyle Trash was not, but yeah. Yeah. But still I I it would be, I I just like the idea of just Kyle Pitts existing for the next 15 years and every time there's any little change, they're like, could unlock him. I also love the story about him eating a, a Costco hotdog. Yeah. Michael Pennix just gave the, in the, in the food court. He's gotta eat it. He didn't eat it. Did he? Did he order the hot dog and then sit down and he had the hot dog?


Did he put The He said he was about to buy it and then he decided, he, he got the call and said, oh, I'm not hungry anymore dude, you gotta fuck you. You don't have that dog in you. He Literally, literally, yeah, he was in line. Yeah. But maybe that's good for Falcon's quarterbacks to not have any dogs. Yeah, True. True. Okay. Hank you really are gonna bet the Giants bunny line. Yeah. I there's not, there's not a lot on the board this week. It is Drew Locke, But it's, did you know that it's, it's basically just taking a gamble on a, on a rookie quarterback not performing well. Yeah. Which is, it's, it's definitely a somewhat of a coin flip But that's where my head's at. Yeah. Do they do The boomer doom for the, for the hot dogs? Or is it just a double chocolate chunk cookie? No, the chicken bake as well.


Okay. But not for the hot dogs. I Don't, I'm sure they Have with everything in Costco Yeah. Is up for Grabs. Okay. So they should do, that's Not the foundation of it, of the Boomer doom though. That's chicken bacon and the double chuck chunk chocolate chip. Got it. The, the giant secondary should get Don, they should be called the Legion of Doo. Yeah. Or the Legion of Boom. And they, they do big hits if, If they're good. Yeah. They real fucking good. Okay. Lions at Bears. Bears six and a half, or sorry, bears plus six and a half over Unders 48. The Bears have not won a football game since Jay Cutler got a DUI. That's interesting. Yeah.


66 days since their last football win. Or 67, I believe. 62 days since he got a DUI. And it's like even longer for on American soil, right? Yeah. Oh, because of the Jaguars? No. Oh yes. Panthers. Yes. I think Panthers was before the Jaguars. What week was that? Six. I haven't won a football game in two months. It's a long time. I don't know if you're gonna win this one bowl Game. No, probably not. No. We're, we didn't make a bowl. Oh, you knew that you're piece of shit. What bowl game is Washington playing in? I don't dunno. Yeah, I'm a UNC guy. Oh, you're a UNC guy. Yeah. What, what game are they playing? Well, they got this new program, new Year. Oh, Okay.


My only note was if the offense doesn't look good against this lion's defense, I'm gonna get mad again. Yeah. I think this is not prime time. I think that's fair. It's not prime time. I think that's fair. You need to see something. And Lions are outside. Lions aren't as good outside, so that's good. Did you guys see the report? Well, it wasn't a report or Monroe said it himself. He was sick before the Bills game and he puked for the first time in his life. That's just a guy who's been living a way different life than everyone else who didn't go to college to be a professional athlete. Does that mean he was never sick as a child? Does that mean that he's, I think so. He's Never, he even conditioned, never. He's been worked Great condition his entire life, which is makes sense. But Al also, like how old Isra 25 do, like if you puke for the first time in your life at 25, are you like, oh my God, am I dying?


I've never had a bloody nose. Yeah. I think I've never had a panic Attack. I think that if 25 might've been the year that I puke the most. No, I was de mine was definitely like 20 because At 25, 21, I'm, I'm combining booze with also Yeah. 18. That, that's when you start to get a little bit of acid reflux. No. 'cause I, well, freshman year of college. Yeah, college freshman year college also. Like I just, yeah, I would, I would just puke like two times a weekend no problem. Just every single weekend. That's crazy. To not puke. Also, like every time in my twenties when I was like, I'm gonna get in shape and then did a hard workout, I would puke. Yeah. Because you are super outta Shape.


Outta shape. I, I also wanna say that like, I, I think there I was always, I hated how you would get shamed if you puked in college. If you can bounce back. I don't think you should get shamed. Right? I think it's your, what, what happens after if you puke and then you're like, oh my, I gotta go to bed. I'm so drunk. No, no. I would just puke 'cause I needed more room. Yeah. If you can puke and rally that shows the ability to handle adversity. Puking for Me. Yeah. We Don't know if Aman Rock can handle adversity. Is he a pussy? We don't know. Yeah. Puking for me in college was just like, what's the woman's name? Marie Kondo. I was just moving furniture around in my stomach. Yeah. That, that 20 thirst Love it. Or let it go. Yeah. Yeah. 21st Period. Right. I don't love this anymore. I'm gonna let it go. It did Not spark joy.


Yeah. So you got rid of it. Yeah. That's, that's concerning to me. To me it's more of a red flag. Yeah. Yeah. The lines probably should win by easily. 'cause the bears are Dead. You guys beat 'em last year though, right? We beat 'em last year at home. We almost beat 'em on Thanksgiving if it weren't for the timeout. Yeah. No. David Montgomery is a real issue. Yeah. Big time. Big time issue. Okay. Brown's at Bengals. Bengals minus eight and a half over under 47. This is my circle quarterback game. Joe Burrow or DTR. Yeah. I was just hoping for Jamis against the Bengals defense. Hey, I was, I was, I was looking forward to that. Now we can always say like, imagine, imagine what would've happened if Jamis started this game.


Speed bump. That's what he called it. Good. It's just a Speed bump. It's another speed bump for him to deal with in his career. And he's gonna continue pursuing his dream and another team better. Give 'em an opportunity. Bengal. IJ we need the Bengals to stay. We're taping this before Thursday night football. Because I guess it doesn't matter if Broncos or Chargers lose, one of the teams is gonna lose and the Bengals can spin it either way. But they do get to play the Broncos next week. I just like to Bengals still having something to play for. Like I get that Jamis gave you some headaches. I understand that. Jamis throws, he throws interceptions. That's what he does. He threw some pick sixes, but he fixed the pick six problem and only threw interceptions in the red zone after that. What else do you want him to do?


DTR is bad is not the answer. He's not a quarterback. DTR. His only win was a 1310 game against the Steelers last year. He's worse than Deshaun. Yeah. It's not, it's not gonna be better. You're not gonna watch and be like, thank God we made that change. Right now. We look like we're comp James can get, he can get you up and down the field. He just might not finish the drives in the end zone. Correct. So do you want your guys to have stat? Do you care about your receivers having stats? Yeah. Jerry, Judy, if you wanna improve your Madden rating Yep. You're gonna want Jameis throwing you the ball. This is, it's a, it's a classic situation of being like, we gotta see what we got with the young guy. No, we don't. And we get it. We've seen it. We know what we got with the young guy. Yeah. He's Bad.


Like DTR. No. Awesome. College quarterback. Loved betting on him at UCLA. No. Yeah. Not an NFL Quarterback. So if you look at the two, Joe Burrow, dtr, Circle 1D, TR and DTF. Yeah. I'm taking DTF. Yeah. Easy. And this is my circle quarterback game. I had that last week. Mac Jones, Aaron Rogers. Yeah. Circle one. Okay. Titans at cults Colts minus three and a half over under 42 and a half. The Titans, the, the Tennessee Titans are two and 12 against the spread. That is remarkable. Good For them. Two And 12 against the spread.


We also had Brian Callahan, I, I kind of liked the Titans this week. Just 'cause Mason Rudolph and Brian Callahan had to answer to the questions about his team being soft. And he said, I think it's complete and total bullshit. That means you just don't watch this shit. You can shove that right up your ass. Yeah. I love that. I loved it my, when I first heard it, I was like, good for him. But also who called the Titan Soft? I don't think we've ever said the Titans were soft. Did we? Yeah. I don't know who did I Is that is that They're bad? Is that a discourse that's being had out there? Yeah. They're bad football team. They're really bad. Two and 11 against the spread. They're bad football team. They're boring. We didn't say that. They're boring. Yeah. But I don't think we ever said that they were soft. A Bummer. He also said that teams know that they just played them when they get done with the games.


Yeah. Because they win. Because Yeah. Well they win. Yeah. They're Like, oh shit, we Won. No, but he was saying it like they remember. They remember that. That's, that's the titans we just played against. No, 'cause they left an impact. I would say that it's the opposite where you want teams to not be able to remember who you are because you just knocked the shit out of them. Yeah. Where they're confused after the game. Also. I, I think that really is like, they, like the Jaguars played the Titans two weeks ago and they knew they played the Titans. 'cause they're like, holy shit, we just won a game. Yeah. That was crazy. When we come off the field, they know. They just played us. Make them remember forever. Remember the Titans, the day they play the Titans. Yeah. Yeah. This game stinks Though.


So in the NFL script, it's always that Mason Rudolph is gonna get a start before Christmas. Right. Like legally they had to do that. Yes. Just so that people can make jokes about it. Do we think that I, I need Jonathan Taylor to run with if he scores a touchdown, run with the ball all the way back to the bench. Yeah. So my, my fix to that as a coach would be to tell my running back all my players, if you score a touchdown at this point, I'll take, I'll take the excess excessive celebration penalty. Yeah. Do whatever you want in the end zone. I don't give it, act like it's a gun and then go around and execute every single player on the defense. Do whatever. I'll take the flag. Just don't. But you have to have the ball in your hand. Yeah. Something like AI or drone program needs to figure out a way, like where, you know, it's almost like running with a grenade and if you drop it in a certain zone, it will actually blow up in training camp.


Yeah. Live ammunition. Yeah. I don't Mind that. If you drop the football in the zone, maybe there's a landmine that only is activated with Balls at the goal line. Yeah. Yeah. You set up well because no, if it was like an invisible fence, then it would, every time a, a player has ball, 'cause they do this in training camp anyways. Every run that they have, finish every run, get to the end zone. So you set like a 15 second timer of explosive inside the grenade. And it, you have to cross the goal line with the ball for it to be deactivated. Yeah. I like that. Someone figured that out. Someone figured that out.


Okay. Before we get to the next game, because we got a lot to talk about in the next game, we are brought to you by our friends at Shake Shack. Hank, what do we got? What do we got? We got Shake Shack. Let's go. So Shake Shack this month they're doing the holiday Burger Blitz. Shake Shack's, holiday Burger Blitz is still going on strong. And today's the free burger. We've all been waiting for the seasonal Black truffle burger. Truly the MVP that's only around for a limited time. So go get the Shake Shack today to not only try it, but get it for free. With a $10 minimum purchase terms supply, all you have to do is use Code Burger Blitz. Tis the season for free Shake Shack Burgers. Go visit your local Shake Shack or order online for the holiday Burger Blitz promotion from 1216 to 1224. Code Burger Blitz when you spend $10 plus terms apply. We love Burger Blitz. We love blitzes, we love burgers. Tell you what you throw Burger Blitz at DTR. Mm. That's gonna be an interception. Boom. I got your Shake Shack, burger Max and memes. Talk a little about burgers while I take a bite. I Love Shake Shack. It's one of my favorite burgers. I I think my favorite thing at Shake Shack is the Shack Stack. You got the patty and then you got the fried mushroom with the cheese inside with the shack sauce. It's so good. And I'm a big fan of the Shack Stack at Shake Shack. I'm a huge fan of burgers. Fries are good. Can't go wrong with Shake Shack. It's awesome. It's really good. Their shakes are great. It's milkshake season. I don't care. Some people, some people say don't drink a milkshake if it's cold outside. I think it almost tastes better. I'll also say shake shacks, fries, travel better than any other fry. They stay crispy. I don't understand how they do it. They still stay crispy. Even a even after you bring him home in the car and all that jazz Facts. All that jazz. Okay. All that jazz. Alright, we're good to go. Thank you to Shake Shack. Burger Blitz. Go check it out.


Memes lot to talk about this game. Rams at Jets. Jets plus three over runners. 46 and a half memes. Have you been on the internet today? On and off. Did You do any reading? Read some headlines. Yeah. Yep. Did you read anything below the headline? I read some things below the headline. Okay. So what have, what have we read? What have we learned today? Yeah. What have we, what have we learned That the Johnson family names their kids after erections. Okay. Well, yeah. Woody, Wait, well, hold on, hold on, hold on. But they but they get harder. Hold on, Hold on, hold on, hold on. Woody and Brick. I don't want, I don't want to say anything bad about Brooke.


Brick. Brick. And who's the other one? Well, Woody. Okay. Yeah, but Woody, but who's the other son? Brick. Brick and Woody Woody's dad. I don't know the, his name. Whatever. Just Brick. I don't wanna say anything bad about the son because there was a report that came out today that essentially the wood, the Johnson Sons might be influencing decision makings at the NFL level. And I just wanna say these kids, what, like 17, 18-year-old kids in New Jersey? I think they're in college, college kids from New Jersey. Maybe in SEC school, 50 50 Chance their awls.


I'd say higher. I'd say higher than That. We might be shadow GMs of the New York Jets. Our decision making might be influencing the New York Jets. So I'm standing with Brick. I actually do whatever you want, bro. I think that the problem is that Brick doesn't have enough power. Yeah. I feel like he's being limited. Like one day he will own the Jets. The, the way that teams get passed down, I feel like brick, it's time to just unleash full brick. If I, I can't, I'm fully Bricked Up. I can't, I can't wait till next year when Jamis gets announced, the, the starting quarterback for the Jets. And Woody Johnson's like, we thought he was gonna be a perfect bridge quarterback to win a Super Bowl. And we're just like, oh shit. That's exactly what Meme said. Yeah. But yeah, the report came out.


A lot of dysfunction in New Jersey. A lot of dysfunction. It starts with, there was an anecdote that we shared that the Jets were at the one inch line of trading for Jerry Judy this off season. And Woody Johnson talked to his boys and his boys were like, yeah, his Madden rating is too low. So that trade was Xed out. He ended up getting traded to the Browns great season. There's reports that one of the sons is giving away game balls. That Is true. That one was tough. That true. But like, basically jumping in front of the coach to give away a game ball. It was, it was Brook's first win as a head coach.


He, He took it from Aaron Rodgers hands and gave It to and gave it to Jeff. Jeff. Jeff, Jeff Olrick. They love, they love bricks in this organization. Yeah. They got Brick Johnson, Ulbrich, Derick Ashaw, Ferguson, Stu I think I heard that that Brick was actually named after Derick. Oh, That's kind of cool. Yeah. They also have been heard maybe talking ill of the players in the locker room after games. The Mike White. Yeah, the Mike White story that he played. He had broken ribs and then Woody was in the locker room and Mike White threw his helmet. And Woody goes, you should throw your helmet. You fucking suck.


Yeah. There's a story about the two bobs, which is an homage to office space where they have Woody brought in two guys from his investment firm who just go around doing interviews with people, seeing what they do for a living. There was coaches fired for no reason. What else? What else? That's, that's most of the headlines right there. Yeah. What Else? Yeah, it's most of, most of the alleged headlines. Okay. So alleged. Which one? Which one of these is not true? Well, we have to see if any other reporters fact check that.


But I'd, well, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna wait For more information to come out. So Who wrote this, by the way? It was Mike Silver. Mike Silver who? RG three came on the podcast, called him a liar. Di Sini, who I came on this podcast called her a Liar and Zach Rosenblatt. Okay. Yeah. So memes, what about the parts in the article where the team confirmed that the stuff happened? The Broncos confirmed that it happened? Ah, no, no, no. The the, the spokesperson for the Jets said that they use Madden as a reference point. As a reference point. But it's not determinative. Yeah. Confirming that that happened. I mean, it is a quick way to figure out if someone's good or not. Or What about the part in the article where they talked about Woody Johnson and the team spokesperson said, yeah, he apologized for saying that Mike White fucking sucks in the locker room.


Also, you have Mike White Suck That time out. Time out. Time out. Okay. That's, that's a fair, that's a fair Response. Time out. We've done everything wrong here. Can we please call him by what he likes to be called Mr. Ambassador? Yeah. Mr. Ambassador. Everyone in the building has to call him Mr. Ambassador. Yeah. And there was the part of the article where when he left to go overseas to be the ambassador to England and his brother, who also who co-owns the team. Yeah. But Woody's like, this is my gig. His brother took over and was just like a, he was the chill guy. Me. Yeah. Behind the scenes, just like you guys do what you do, Do Your thing. Like hone as an owner. I think I would buy a team and then I would probably act a lot like Woody Johnson the first like two or three years. And then I'd just be like, you know what, I'm too rich for this shit.


Well, He's only owned the rest the Jets for like two or three years. Right, Mr. Ambassador. Yeah. He's owned it since what, 24 years? Something like that. Yeah. Oh Yeah. 24 Since 2000. Something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Something like that. Memes. This is bad. This is bad. Still win to see if it's true. Alright, so, so How are you gonna find out if it's true? But I'm, I'm curious, I'm curious to know how memes thinks the media works. So now that the stories come out, then there will be other reporters that go to the Jets and they're like, Hey, can we confirm that that stuff is all true? And then that that's the story you'll pay attention to. Yeah. But I also told Hank about this a month ago, that it was possible that we were the shadow GMs. Oh, you did?


You did be. Because they, it was like week by week. Devonte Adams. We said Devonte Adams. They signed Devonte Adams. We said Hasan Reddick. They signed Hasan Reddick. It was week by week. So he might actually listen to the Podcast. Alright, so what's the next move? Oh. 'cause we we're, we're brick guys. Yeah, we're big time brick Guys. Give Brick more responsibility. By The way, I just like to say as it pertains to Devonte Adams, I think Tony Soprano said it. Remember when is the lowest form of conversation. So worry about the Jets, Devonte Adams and not remember when Con, you know, stories. Did you guys see his story on Kay Adams show? No. It was a good story. He said, oh, I'm sure Meme Street a bunch.


He said, talking about when he, they would play the Bears late in the season. He said, we didn't go into that game after worrying ever worrying about are we gonna win? We were thinking about how crazy we were gonna go. Can I set a record? Okay. So memes we're, again, we stand with Brick. We're a brick podcast. Yeah. We love Brick and his brother. I don't know, we need to know what his brother's name. He needs a cool nickname like Brick Get, get it. Get his name. So memes, what's the next move? Gave Mike Vrabel $200 million. Huh. Okay. Mike's gonna appreciate that. I have another question about the Jets. You were talking about this to me earlier. What's going on with Aaron Rogers and who'd, who, who's he in fight With?


Oh yeah. Aaron Rogers. Fine with Ryan Clark. Yeah. Oh, It's like a, it's, it's like a 10 round Fight. And it, it's both guys being like, we don't give a fuck what the media says about and doing like videos that are very explicitly meant to generate more love from whichever branch of the media they're pH for. Yeah. And I unfortunately have to defend my quarterback. So if you have a vax, you're bad. Yeah. Yeah. Well, your owner literally is the heir to Johnson and Johnson. The vaccine company. Is Aaron Rogers the last guy on earth who cares about Covid? I think so. I think, I think he might be like, I don't even know. He's, it's like him and, and Taylor Lorenz. That Might be when he did Ayahuasca for the first time.


So his brain is stuck in 2020. It's Crazy. I was like, what are we even talking about Right now? He's cooking, defending himself. And then it just, he Was, I stand with Aaron Rogers in this because I want him back on the podcast at some point. By the way, we have an answer from earlier. The question was, would you rather have Jayden Daniels or Jalen Hertz? And Max said Phillies. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That, That is not an answer. But memes, yes. There was another part of the article that I noticed, and it kind of made sense for me a little bit. The Jets, they didn't hire any referees for training camp this year. Yeah. And that's a standard practice. And then now they're the third most penalized team.


Is this a form of legal bribery that every team does where they just, they pay refs to, to come to their training camp. And then it's like, Hey, you're on our payroll, we gave you money. Let's be nice. I'm, I'm not sure about the refs, but Isn't that weird that teams can pay the refs directly and then if you don't pay 'em, then the refs can be like, you didn't pay us this off season. Yeah. Yeah. And then what do, we're gonna take the flags out. Woody always does talk to the rest before the game, which is weird. He does. Yeah. That is weird. The owner Now We should be both, we should play both sides here and be a, a fair and impartial media presence. The spokesperson also said Woody Johnson just seeks out and welcomes feedback and debate. We wouldn't have been named one of the best places to work in New Jersey if people thought that way.


There's never been a complaint. Mm. So they're on one of those lists of best workplaces Debate. So that, that is true. 'cause Ryan Fitzpatrick went on a podcast a couple weeks ago. He said that one Jets Drive is like one of the, one of the greatest places. Yeah. It's just, we have a fan that's in charge of our team and makes reactionary decisions and goes, we lost one game. Everybody's gotta go. That's awesome though. Yeah. That's kinda the dream. What's the, That's why we need Mike Vrabel, who's a winner. Hands off. What about, What about Pete Car? Hands off. Hands off. Hands Off Now. He's so old. Pete Carroll mentioned the Jets today. He did? Yeah. Like saying what? Like, man, that was such a crazy like nine 11 story.


No. Yeah. No. I think he's like a, I wouldn't mind, I wouldn't mind if they brought me in. I would take, yeah, I would take Pete. There you go. You see who else they interviewed for their GM job? Who's that? Who is it? Nay. The guy Matt Nay. Matt. Was it Matt Nay? No, Jim Nay. Jim Nay. Jim Nay. The guy who runs the senior, senior senior board. Oh. Yeah. So we might just get everybody from the senior ball. Okay. I Think you're just getting everybody from X the Everything app. Yeah. No, We're in trouble. Yeah. Still trying to figure out if the report's True. It's, it's Jack What happens on X, Rick and Jack. Jack is the other son. Shout out Jack. We're Jack guys as well. What's that? Hank? I said what happens on X? Everything. It's all happening on X. Yeah, it's Sign up today.


You, you are the media. I actually finish it out. Hey. No, I don't think you heard you. Are the media on X? True, By the way, as for the game memes, you think you're gonna win Based off of everything that happened this week? No. Okay. But West Coast, east Coast, yeah. Aaron Rogers also eight. No Lifetime against the Rams. Yeah. It's cold as shit. He's got a chip on his shoulder. That's Yeah, the cold is a real thing. It's gonna be 24 at kickoff. And the Rams played four outdoor games under Sean McVay, where the temperature was 35 or lower, and they're one in three. So the only, the only game they won was when they beat the Broncos and Todd Gurley had 208 yards rushing.


So I feel like, I feel like they're, the Rams are gonna run the football. Yeah. I think the Jets are gonna run the football too. I have a question that's not related to this or the report and I, I gotta watch it myself to come to a conclusion, but my initial reaction is that it seems crazy to be this spiritual go on these retreats to escape everything, but also film it all for Netflix documentary. Oh. Is that, like, is there any element of hypo criticism there? Hypo Criticism, Hypo criticism. Is that hypocritical? Probably. But I bet you he was getting paid a shit ton of money. Yeah. Yeah. So no, so not really because, and then that gets more trips to Ayahuasca V, Right?


Yeah. Just I seeing that they were filming it, I was like, wait a second, I thought these were like spear spiritual retreats where you're supposed to, you know, escape No, This and find yourself camera, but it's, let's, let's film this. Wouldn't that freak you out more if you were doing an Ayahuasca trip and you had that camera switch cameras in your Face? But I think this adds to his, like I'm telling my story. Yeah. So nobody else could twist it. Legends, aura. Like I'm actually a good teammate. Jordan loves my guy. Yeah. Yeah. I I might not come back next year. I might come back. I I think you guys could actually win this game. Eight. Eight and no, eight and Oh, Aaron Rogers versus Rams Best. I think that's the best record against another team. You know what the second best is?


This one will shock you. Another undefeated seven and Oh, does someone don't have it? Patriots? No. Tom Brady was seven Oh. Against Cowboys. But he lost in a playoff game. So I guess technically he was seven and one. Josh Allen Dolphins? No, two Patriots. Patriots. Oh, I did not know that. I, Yeah, So his seven and oh. Against Patriots. You like what I did earlier with the Sean McVay stat of him being one in three in cold weather games? Yeah, those are, it's the Jerry Goff stat. I just put it on. Yeah, we just put it Sean, that we don't do Narratives on this. No, we just put it On Sean mct. We don't do narratives. We don't do narratives on this podcast. Okay. Let's, let's rip beeps. You good?


You're, you look confused. Yeah, I'm confused. I just don't, how do you get someone to sell a team? I don't know, dude. I'm trying to do the same thing. Yeah. The, the only way is to implicate them in some sort of financial crime against the other owners. Yeah. That's If you could, yeah, you can do anything. You need a federal probe. Yeah, yeah. You can do. Well, no, 'cause the federal probes about sexual harassment like that, they didn't care about that. You have to, you have to make the other owners think this guy's costing you money. Yeah. Mees you, you, you know, like when you, when you play like the Sandlot, when they do the thing where they put their hands on the bat. Yep. See that's basically what we've just been doing about like embarrassing franchise stories this year between the Bears and the Jets. So I'm appreciate, I appreciate that you're back on top.


Yeah. It just Got lobbed back. Yeah. Yeah. Like, I mean, the athletic edition obsessed with the Jets. Yeah. You take it. Well, I mean, I'm just gonna throw this out there. So Mike Silver wrote this story about the Jets. He just finished a book about the 49 ERs. Was there anyone who coached with the 49 ERs who might have been a scorned person in the Jets organization? I'm trying to, yes. Oh yeah. Robert Sah. I love when these stories come out. It's like, well, I know who wrote this. Yeah. The, the problem is when you have a, a dysfunctional organization, then you have a lot of people who are very willing to become sources Correct. For articles like this.


And like tell everything that happened behind the scenes. I think Robert Sah just handed Mike Silver, his journal. He's like, here's my diary. Go ahead, write a story. Yeah. And I know that you think the athletic's been obsessed with you guys memes, but I mean, if I know, I know if Diana Rossini wrote a tell all article about the dysfunction, say for the Patriots at the end of the season, would you be like, okay. I believe that. Yeah. She'd be, I mean, I'd be her Number one fan. That's probably the only way that, that she can get memes, back. Memes. You gotta start a running tally because we'll probably see Diana at the combine and we'll have her back on. So have us running tally of all the questions and, and stories that she needs to, you know, you can, I mean, for all we know, max didn't shit himself on that flight.


Yeah, true. Now you're being the media. No one said shit himself. Yeah, yeah. No one said shit himself. Now You're making stuff up. Whoa. Wait, max did you shit yourself? I don't even remember farting. I was asleep. Okay, let's move on. We'll, we'll power through some of these Carles of Panthers. I don't know, Panthers plus five over Ernest 47. I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take the Cardinals. I don't fucking know. Yeah. The, the real question. Did we learn our lesson last week about the Panthers? Yeah, I think I did. I think I learned a good lesson. Yeah. I got really nothing except that Kyler probably, probably won't be under a lot of pressure and the Cardinals will be able to run the ball. And that's usually a, you know, check mark.


Check mark. I wanna bet on the Cardinals. I think I'm gonna bet on McBride to score touchdown until he does. Yeah. So receiving, I'm receiving touchdown. I'm, he's got a rushing touchdown fumble recovery touchdown. Kyler Murray said that he was gonna get him the ball in the end zone. I'm, I'm gonna go down with that ship. Yeah. I might double down on it every week responsibly for when it doesn't hit. I'm in. I'm in. Okay. Afternoon Vikings at Seahawks. Seahawks plus three over under 42 and a half. It looks like Gino's gonna play the Seahawks season kind of comes down to this game because they have, I mean, they have to win out. It will come down to week 18 against the Rams. But this is very important. I don't know, I don't know.


Kevin O'Connell should be Coach of the Year. I, if Gino plays, I, I kind Of, I think I, I think I like the Seahawks to cover. I don't think I've gotten a Seahawks game correct this year, both on and against. I don't think I've gotten a single one. Correct. Yeah, they bet on them. They get killed if I bet against them. They kill the opponent. They Surprise you. You don't know what you're gonna, if it's Sam Howell. Listen, I love Sam Howell. I was in that Hali band for a short period of time, but he did not look good last. No, he did not look good. He Did not look good. And I don't know, Gino is like, he is the epitome of just a completely schizophrenic quarterback one week to the next. So who knows if he starts, I think I like to see Ox to cover, but the Vikings are the real deal.


Yeah. Agreed. Agreed. The Vikings are very much a real deal. The Vikings are going for the one seat, which would be, I mean, it it, they kind of were just laying there in the weeds. Everyone talking about the Lions. Everyone talking about the Eagles Vikings are right there. And they control it all because they get to play the lions in week 18. So what? Oh yeah. What are the Tiebreakers? I don't know, saw some Type Of tiebreaker. I saw some scenario. Not necessarily, I forget, I saw some thing on Twitter that, that went through each, each scenario for the Eagles to get It wasn't too detailed though, to be honest with you. Pretty sure it's vi here. It's okay. Like there's Scenario two is win out Lions lose one E Eagles win the strength of victory tiebreaker, this is so confusing, but there is a way that they win that tiebreaker.


I just don't know what that way is. Do we know what the strength of victory tiebreaker is? We tried to figure it out in The last time. I don't know. Yeah, I don't, I don't know. But according to this graphic, there is a way that we ha we win the tiebreaker over. There's no way we win the tiebreaker over the lions. There is a way that we win a tie breaker over the Vikings somehow. Okay. I don't, I don't know how. Okay. I think scenario one is the most likely. Yeah. For, for this game. I, I do have one step from my guys at Sports Info Solutions. The Vikings are one of the heaviest play action teams. And Seattle is one of the worst play action defenses in the NFL.


Okay. So could see a lot of play action, maybe some deep shots to J to j Jettas. They're just so good. Yeah. Addison and j Jettas. Okay. Patriots of Bills. Bills minus 14 over under 46 and a half. I think the bills can what Need it. Hungry dog. No, no, no, No, no. I saw your face. I was like, what the fuck I was gonna say the Bills can name their number. Yeah. When you say, when you say need it, you're saying we need a amping. You need to get Wamp. Yeah. Oh, you want to get Wamps? Yeah. Yeah, because you want your mail out. Fraud mail. Did you hit through the report? No, Vrabel McDaniels. Oh, That's the combo. Yeah. You don't, that's a People for J Hold, hold on, on John McDaniels had Mac Jones in the Pro Bowl.


Hold on. Hold on though. Hold on. This would make me scared Tank because Vrabel McDaniels. Yeah. What happens if Vrabel goes somewhere else? And they're like, well, we do could just do McDaniels. Yeah, McDaniels was halfway in the door already. He, He's at least that's A problem. No, but like that, that's fair. I mean, obviously the, the, the, he has very bad track recorders a head coach, but very, Very Bad pheno. He's at least like we right now have a defensive coach and a terrible defense. At least we would have an offensive, you know, genius with a, you know, an offensive, our new quarterback. So I wouldn't necessarily want him as head coach, but the report that I was reading was Bel McDaniels. So I want that, that you wanted that, you know, the, the thought that Robert Kraft wouldn't get rid of Mayo because of, you know, pride.


I think he knows. It's like, you know, let's keep it Patriots keeping the family Super Bowl champions. Like he wouldn't do that. That makes, that seems like something he would be okay doing. Right? Yeah. I just, I think that it's, it's very, very dangerous. Josh McDaniel's awesome offensive coordinator. Right. Very, very good. You. But it's a little dicey now where the, you know, the Raiders stopped. It seemed like there was some fucked up stuff going on there. Yeah. But he already, he had, he had, he'd already gone from offensive coordinator with the Patriots, failed head coach, came back and was a great offensive coordinator. Sure. Like that. I'm, I, if I agree, I'm not saying I want with Bill him as the head coach. Right. But Vrabel would do the same thing. Did give me that like give me Vrabel and McDaniels and I am pumped.


I'm thinking Soupy we're biased. Vrabel is a friend of ours and, And we think very highly of him, but that couldn't have worked out better for him, that he didn't get a job last year. I know he wanted to coach and he didn't get one. Like, every single team wants him. He gets to pick whatever team and whatever number he wants. Yeah. It's pretty good. Good for him. It's a good situation that he's in. So you want, you want a whopping you are begging for a whopping right Now. You want to be spanked? Yeah. Daddy. Yeah. You're a little sub. Yeah. Oh shit. Give It to me, Josh. Yeah. Get your dominatrix in here. Love that. Get whipped. Love that for you. It, it might be a whipping For sure. Yeah, no, I, the bills can do whatever they want. 14 I think. Yeah. 14. 14. Bills can Do whatever they want. And they're wearing the Patriots jerseys, as you said.


Yep. Which is a weird choice. I don't, I don't love it for this game. It's gonna be confusing when you watch it on tv. Be like, wait, okay, that's the bills because they're scoring. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, gimme whopping. Okay. You want the whopping, I think the whopping will probably happen. I think the bills can just score whatever they want and that's it. Yeah. They could set the record for the most 30 point games in the season. They're On eight eight right now? No, I think they've got, I think there's six in a row. They've Got 11. Yeah. So there's Six in A row. They got 11. And the Broncos have the record. The Broncos Paid Banning Broncos, I Believe it was. Yeah. They had 13, 30 point games in a season. So the bills need to win out scoring 30 points in each game. Damn. And then they have the record all to themselves.


Damn. Damn. I think they can do it. Damn. Okay. Jaguars Raiders. Raiders minus one and a half over 140 and a half. We we're not talking about the game, Right? No, we don't talk about, we don't preview the Jags. Hey, can you tell me what happened with the Hawk two? A coin Again? Yeah. Has there been an update to it? You already told us she's still asleep. Oh, okay. No updates. I the SEC is suing her. Why? Greg Sankey What a dickhead. The, the whatever The financial SEC Oh, Okay. Got it. For doing a rug pull, she made millions of dollars. Oh, so she did actually make millions of dollars. Yeah. Wow. Do we know that? Yeah.


I'm starting to get to the point in my life and age. I'm just missing stories. Like I, I I know, I know Hak Tua, I know that there was a Rug Welsh. I did not know that she actually got away with millions of dollars. I don't, I don't know if that is entirely accurate. I think she Denies it. Yeah. Oh, oh, oh, that's good. Then we've gotta take her word for it. But I don't, I don't think that she Created group of investors in suing Hawk to it. Not s sec CI don't even think SEC can sue like that, but Okay. Yeah. I don't think that she created the coin and like, wrote the code and then engineered the rug pull where she like dumped all the coin, I feel like. But is there a rug pull without Tua?


There there is, there's no rug pull without Hoc Tua, right? Yeah, yeah. Lawsuit claims the token was improperly marketed as a security without being registered with the SEC leading significant financial losses. Miguel, let me ask you a question. Is there a part of you that thinks if you invested your money in the hawk to a coin, that you should have seen something exactly like this coming and then maybe you should try to sue yourself for being a fucking moron. It's the financial Darwin Awards. Yeah, We should we That's okay. That, that, that thins the herd. Yeah. I don't, I'm not saying that she was ethical. Yeah, but I'm saying come on. And I say that as a talk to a fan.


I'll, I'll admit that. Yeah. It's a good podcast. That would be funny if they're suing to get spit on. I'm gonna go to bed. I'm Gonna go to bed guys, I'm Kind of tired. See y'all tomorrow. Okay. That was our Jaguars Raiders preview 49 ERs and Dolphins. Dolphins plus one over under 44 and a half. I like the 49 ERs in this game also, Terry Hill says it's time for me to go coach. Yeah, I saw that. I, I read it as it's a fucking a man situation. Yeah. Did he say it's time for me to go coach or is he saying it's time for me to go coach? I saw it as, 'cause it was right after Mike Vick. I originally thought he wanted to get cut and then I was like, no, he wants to get cut loose.


Okay. So that's a third option. Yeah. Does he wanna to get cut? Does he want to get unlocked or does he want to go coach college football coach? Yeah. Yeah. We don't know. We don't Know. I read today that the 49 ERs might be down to, what would that be? Their fifth string running back? 'cause Gredo might not play. I think Gredo got hurt in practice. Izzy, is that Izzy? Izzy. Izzy Is Izzy season. Izzy. Izzy. Two touchdowns this weekend. Izzy too. Oh hell yes. Izzy do. I might have to start Izzy on My league. They should start, they got banjo, right? He's on the ninth. They he should start Because, and Kazooie Banjo is, that's a fifth string instrument. Oh, that's Izzy.


Izzy. Let him go. You're Just showing us Izzy running Okay. In the combine. You just showing us Izzy exists that it was a Tweet that a reminder of recent 49 ERs running back edition. Izzy Abba ran official 4 4 1. He seems like a strong potential Shanahan scheme fit. Patrick Taylor. Fucking pick him up. Who's Patrick Taylor Set to be four. Nine ERs four. Starting running back. Patrick Taylor. Okay. Maybe Mix in some Izzy. Yeah. Def definitely Give us a little bit Izzy people forget that he ran a 4, 4, 1 second 40 yard time at his Pit Pro Day. Yeah. Cato. Unofficial Cato. That's, That's maybe the least inspiring tweet that I've ever read. Yeah, he ran an unofficial 4, 4 1 40.


Remember that? Remember that shit. Alright, last up. Bucks of Cowboys. Cowboys plus four over under is 48. I don't know, bucks. Oh, I love the Bucks. Yeah, I love the Bucks. He's Gonna take the Cowboys. Liam Cohen's been awesome. Oh, my Hungry dog I think is gonna be two. So The Hungry Dog is plus money on the year. I'm not gonna get crazy. I think it's Titans Giants. Titans. Giants. You're not gonna get Crazy. But the Giants so great of gross. That's a little crazy. It Is a little crazy. I'm a crazy guy. You are a crazy guy. You're wild and crazy guy. I don't think, I don't think the Cowboys would be crazy. And I like the bucks. I just think that the Cowboys have been playing good. Yeah, They've been okay. One, three out of four maybe.


I don't know. The, the, the slate kind of takes a tail. It just falls off a cliff. I mean, Viking Seahawks in the afternoon will be nice, but everything else is, So I, I much like you guys. I have to reinvest my money. I put it immediately on the bills to win the Super Bowl and the NFC, the bucks to win the Super Bowl. Nice. At 30 to one. I just went, I just put all my money back in the banana stand. Yukon, 19 to one. There You go. It's always money in the banana stand. Okay, let's do our picks. And we need a TD parlay because we are one and oh in our last one. I, I wasn't part of it, but I, I bet it and I rode with the boys.


Every day is game day trafficking Sportsbook. And now through the end of the year, it's extra special. All customers get a special daily promo every single day. From Profit boost, odd boost, no sweat bets and more. There's something for everyone. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now. Use code. Take that's code. Take and take advantage of special daily promotions only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER (800) 327-5050 Or visit gambling helpline ma.org in Massachusetts in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9. Please gamble responsibly in Connecticut. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org or visit md gambling help.org In Maryland 21 and over in P in most states, 18 and over in Washington, dc, Kentucky, New Hampshire or Wyoming offer void in Ontario Void. Were prohibited. Eligibility restrictions apply terms at sportsbook at DraftKings dot com slash promos on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. One plus promotion per day promotion, sport eligibility and requirements vary. Ends 12 31 24 sponsored by DraftKings.


Okay, so here's what we got this week. We're gonna do our TD parlay. What do we got? I have Mike Evans. Mike Evans. Okay. He needs 18 receptions. 251 receiving yards plus one TD for 3 million. Okay. So I'm probably gonna also bet his reception's over. Love That. Okay. Brian Thomas Jr. Okay. Brian Thomas Jr. Like it. I will go. Can I do Sunday night? Yeah. Bucky, Bucky Irving. Bucky Bucky and Mike Evans. Oh, yep. Fuck. That's fine. That's fine's. Fine. Fine. Yeah. You said it with conviction. I'll take it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You said it with a lot of conviction. Also, on Sunday when you're watching our streams, you, you'll see PFT and Max face off.


We, we also, so we did our NBA Cup competition. It was a four way competition. PFT said he was the hottest NBA Cup gambler. Turns out I'm also just as hot as a gambler. We're equally hot in the NBA cup. We're equally as hot. So we split. So was for a 10 K bonus bet. We're gentlemen. We were gonna just be like, all right, we'll each take 5K. No, no, no. We'll, we'll, we'll re we'll put it back in the pot And we'll make another competition out of it. So on Sunday on the stream, it's gonna be me and Max versus Hank and PFT. We're gonna do a draft on the late slate. Each of each team has to pick five touchdown scores. The most correct wins, the free be.


And if it's a tie where we hit all our, it's the most touchdowns. So if there's multiple touchdowns for Your guy. Yeah. Yeah. Tiebreaker. So I like that. We'll release all those so you'll See 'em. I think Max said it best. Hank's a winner. Hank is a winner, so I'm happy to have him on my side. He's a winner. Okay, let's do our picks. What are the standings? Hank? 15 and a half points. First. Me and Big Cat. 15 points. PFT 13. Max also 13. Oh, we got a tie. It's getting tight. Max was perfect last week, right? Yeah. I mean it's wide open. No, it was It wide open one. Alright. What do we got first? Max? I go first. Max. Max CI Will be taking the Niners minus one.


Shit, I'll, You knew I wanted that. The Pittsburgh Steelers. You knew I plus Six and a half. Yeah. You knew I wanted that Max. Why would you do that to me? I am going to take the Cincinnati Bengals minus eight and a half. I'll take the Ravens minus six and a half. Okay. Buffalo Bills minus 14. Wow. I will take, whoa. Whoa. You're right. You're right. You're right. Do do you wanna say it? Nope. I fucked that up last time and I lost 49 ERs. Dolphins over 44 and a half. I will take, right? Yeah. Me. I'll take the Jets. Rams under 46 and a half. I'll take the Jets Rams over 46 and Half.


I wanted that one. Hank. I will take the Giants Falcons under 42. I like that. I will take the Cardinals. Panthers over 47. I hate that. Oh gross dude. Ew. Fine. Ew.


Fine. All right, let's, before we get to Coach Gruden, do little Fantasy Fuck Boys brought to you by our friends at Body Armor. Body Armor is our favorite sports drink out there. Body armor, real hydration, real ingredients, packed with electrolytes, vitamins, and nothing Artificial Body armor sports drink has great tasting flavors like strawberry banana, blue raspberry. Not only do we hydrate with body armor, but some of the best athletes in the world do as well. Like Christian McCaffrey, Joe Burrow and Sabrina Escu. So get yours today at Walmart or local grocery store near you. Strawberry Banana is my personal favorite. Go get body armor right now. Get your say at Walmart or local grocery store near you. Divide up today boys.


My name Fabricio and Brian. Hey Fabricio. Nice. Autumn is Mike Vrabel. Mike Vrabel the greatest coach. He's a Super Bowl champion with the New England Patriots. Come home. Come home to New England. Mikey, we need you Strong Man. We need your big strong man. Physical man. Big smart man too. I said them the New York Yankees. Wait, What happened? They just signed Cody Bellinger. Yeah. His wife. Aaron. Aaron Jones. Mike Stanton's ex-girlfriend. I forget which one. John Carlow. Stan. Either one bad locker room vibes. Bad team, bad city. Fuck the Yankees. Yeah, It's gonna be an issue. My sleeper ura. Oh no. Ura spit on that bag. She's still asleep. She spent 12 days, Lost all my money on Hock tour coin.


She might be asleep, man. Going about blow jobs. Oka. Alright. Alright. What's up? It's Vinny. Vinny. Testa. Verdi. Vinny Testa. Vinny the Verini. My stardom is the Pro Bowl. Oh guys, they're doing the skills challenges again. Hell yeah. And they're making guys punt. They're making guys punt and and throw at the accuracy targets. Basically. Trying to get back to what it was like in the, in the late nineties back when the Pro Bowl makes something. Yeah. My, I'm sitting cave exploration because one of our Italian friends named Octavia Piana had to be rescued by 150 people from the same cave in the ops for the second time in two years. Oh. Whoops. Maybe just stay the fuck outta that cave, huh?


Yeah, don't go there. Stay outta the cave. Don't go there. My sleeper is Barry Sanders. 'cause I think you could step in for the 49 ERs this weekend and still run for it. Probably be a good option. Barry Sanders looks like you could still cut. He said Bernie Sanders easy. No, don't be political. Barry Sanders. What's up fuckers. It's Dan Marino. Hey Danny. My stardom is Sammy Sosa. He's Welcome back to WR Wrigley. Now whatcha are you fucking wearing? Why am I in this van? Sammy Sosa. Hey. Hey Danny. You want, you want a little bit of dust on the table? My Oh, my syn is weird. Podcasters like you guys trying to make me feel uncomfortable in the van. Didn't want to talk about oj. Yeah. Didn't want talk about oj the juice. The juice is loose. My sleeper is Josh Allen. I think he's gonna score some touchdowns.


Josh Allen need it. Also, Dan Marino, victim of the historic Jim Kelly Curse. Jim Kelly Curse. Jim. Kelly Curse. Went to the Super Bowl, lost it. Lot of people on that list. It was surprised. A lot of guys. Lot of guys. Alright. Should we do John Gruden? Oh yeah. Sammy soss. Welcome back. The rickets are the worst. They basically made him apologize and then he didn't actually really say anything, but they're like, okay, that's good. Yeah, it was the two, it was the two biggest like non statements of all time. And it was waiting For, we need to shame you A dozen years for you to say I'm sorry. And then he was like, I, I'm sorry. I guess. Okay. I did a lot of things that I regret and, but I also tried really hard. But yeah, the Ricks were like, we need to just you.


It's, it's shame. Torture. And that's the only way we're gonna let you come back. And it's like He had that statement welcoming, back prepared and just he, all that needed to happen was like press one button. Yeah. And he's had that for years.


Yeah. Okay. Let's get to our interview with John Gruden. Coach Gruden in person. He's brought to you by our great friends over at Chevy. There's a reason why we've never done the Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. That's because for Pardon My Take. There's only one pickup truck. It's the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado's a partner, partner that you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of part of my take jobs, adventures, and shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. They helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year at Grit Week, they helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And this season Silverado was out west with us for Grit Week. Silverado brings the grit, legendary grit, modern truck tech inside and out. They've got massive screens, up to eight cameras with 14 different views to make driving, towing, and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked outlook of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. Check it out. Go to chevy.com. You can build your own Silverado or your Silverado HD and you can check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy Silverado


Gruden is also brought to you by Duke Cannon. Maybe you've seen Duke Cannon products and Target Walmart or your local hardware store. If not, let me introduce you. Duke Cannon makes a variety of men's grooming goods. They've got big ass bricks of soap, thick body wash, beard care stuff, colognes hair wash. They also donate money to veterans causes each year through the Duke Cannon Veterans Fund. Simply put, they give a damn and their products work hard, smell terrific. Most of the year, I'm a sawtooth thick body wash guy. Then in the fall, I like the Buffalo Trace soaps. And during the holiday season, which is here, I put their big ass lump of coal soap on my wishlist. It's a holiday classic, like die hard shop now@dukecanon.com. Amazon in Target, or at Walmart. They're everywhere. Go forth and save up to 20% on Mule Tide, soap bundles, and gift sets, the products, the packaging. You won't find better gifts for the men on your list this year.


And now here's John Gruden. Okay, our very good friend and colleague, it's Coach Gruden back in studio. Coach, you've been at Parcel for about a month now. How we feeling? Undefeated, man, I haven't lost the game. It's a great feeling. You, You've been so much fun to watch. I, I mean, is it, I feel like you're starting to get your, your feet under you on the internet and how this thing works, right? I'm trying. I got to do something with the Righteous Brothers. I got to do something with George Brett. I'm trying to cross train a little bit and get into some different things. I even made street tacos. That was kind of my claim to fame.


But I am having a blast meeting some really cool people and like I said, getting better as every day goes by. I love It. Yeah. Has there been anything that you've been asked to do where you, you don't understand why you're doing this at all and then afterwards? Well, Pretty much all of it. I mean, let's be honest, I don't even, there's no, you know, you take pride in a lot of intense preparation when you're coaching. I mean, you really sit in a dark room and you plan all these different contingency plan everything from A to Z. But I show up here, I have no idea where we're going with this show. It's a great spontaneous creative vibe that I get from Barstool. And The people love you. You've been, you've been a massive hit. Everyone's, everyone's feeling nice. You've spread nice around. How About that? Is That a great, I keep saying it.


Yeah. I keep saying, got me feeling nice. I was in Chicago last night having dinner at one of the waiters. I was at a really nice restaurant and a waiter came up and says, how do you like that steak, Mr. Gruten? I said, pretty good. He goes, does it have you feeling nice? Yeah, It does. That's incredible. Did anybody take your picture in the airport and then post John Gru in Chicago? Maybe Possible Bears opening? There's a lot of craziness going on in Chicago right now, but we'll get into it, I'm sure. Yeah, yeah. Alright, so yeah, let's talk some football. My first question for you, and I think this is the biggest story that's happened in the last couple of weeks, is the Detroit Lions, one of the best teams in football is now just, I mean, they got hit with insane amount of injuries on the defensive side.


They lose David Montgomery as a coach. We heard Dan Campbell and he, I loved his message, which is like, look, you gotta, you, you know, we're gonna get punched in the mouth. We gotta get back up is good for us. But as a coach, like from a scheme perspective and a game plan perspective, when you lose that much talent on defense, what do you do? What do you, you change? 'cause you know you're at a disadvantage going into a game. It's hard. I mean, I admire him for speaking publicly. 'cause your players are listening to you showing confidence and showing the manhood that it takes to fight through adversity. But I'm looking out there, Quan Alexander's playing linebacker. I and I take pride in knowing the players. Jamal Adams is over there playing. These guys weren't even in the media guide.


Right. And it's hard to swallow when you lose high caliber guys. Now a couple guys are gonna come back. Yep. But when you lose Montgomery, you lose part of the identity of your team. So I do know that deep down when Coach Campbell gets in his car, he ain't feeling real nicey. Yeah. Put it that way. Yeah. Yeah. It's tough. Yeah. But you got, you have to give the message to your team that, hey, this is, we're not quitting. We're not waving the white flag because everyone has injuries. You gotta make guys believe that they can step into those roles. Have you ever had a guy that, you know, you suffer a big injury, one of your star players, and then somebody has to be elevated. You know, that, you know, you're gonna have a little bit of a downgrade there at the position, but you have to make that guy believe that they can play like a superstar.


Yeah, no, there's no doubt. I remember Cadillac Williams was a rookie of the year. We thought we had a back that would be with us forever. He tore out his patella attendant in Carolina. We have a young guy, free agent, Ernest Graham, who stepped in and really played good. There are a lot of players that just need an opportunity that will step up if they're given the opportunity. But, you know, losing a lot of good players this time of year is gonna be a real challenge for Detroit. Now they're gonna have to outscore people and they do have the firepower to do that. Yeah. And are, are you, are you okay with Dan Campbell? Maybe even, which is crazy to say, but I think he might even turn up the aggressiveness even more. Yeah. Like, which, you know, he's been the most aggressive.


But Yeah. Part of the whole onside kick, which, you know, our take when it happened, we're just like, Hey, if you could still do a surprise onside kick, that would be a good spot for it. The fact he can't do surprise, maybe you don't do it. But his whole thought was they're score. They're, they're scoring every single drive. We gotta take at least one chance to try to get, you know Yeah. To break the serve here. That's what Sean Peyton did in the Super Bowl against Peyton Manning. I mean, he, Sean told me, we're gonna steal the possession from these guys. 'cause we don't know if we can stop Peyton Manning and Harrison and Reggie Wayne for four quarters. So I've seen it done, and I agree with you. Campbell is aggressive. Right. And I think right now he's gotta get more and more opportunities for golf.


Ben Johnson. They're healthy on that side of the ball, minus Montgomery. But yeah, they gotta do something to help outscore the opponent. Yeah. And keep the ball away from their defense on the field. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. So you mentioned Sean Peyton, the, the job he's done in Denver is just incredible this year. What's different? Obviously the quarterback position's changed. Bow Next has been electric at times, but like from a Xs and Os standpoint, is there anything that he is doing different this year as opposed to last year that you love? I think it's totally different. You remember Drew Brees and the success that they had throwing a ball. They've kind of reinvented the offense and become more of an RPO. They're doing a lot of the college stuff, honestly, with Bo Nicks, 'cause he can run Bo Nicks is a factor running the ball with these zone reads.


But where the Broncos have crushed it is with this defense. I call 'em the Anonymous Crush. They used to be called the Orange Crush because they, they had a lot of recognizable guys, but I'll bet you can't name two or three Denver Broncos on their team right now, other than Pat Ctan. And they're the number one scoring defense. Them and the Chargers, they're tied. They have done a hell of a job. They lead the league in Sacks and nobody really knows who their sack artists are. How pissed were you about Jonathan Taylor? Pissed. That's the worst. Yeah. Terrible. How Does that happen? I, I'm sure Taylor is sick about it. Yeah. 'cause if you know Taylor, he's one of the great guys we have in football and he's one of the best backs. And that was a game changer. Yeah. I mean, they got the game under control.


It was a shitty night. The weather was terrible. Neither quarterback could throw it. And for them to lose a game on that play and then compound it with the flee flicker interception, they gotta be sick. It cost them a chance to sneak into the Playoffs. Did that Ever happen to you? Did any of your players ever do it? I think we had had a challenge one time, but it was overturned. Okay. We, we, we, we did end up getting a touchdown. Okay. You know, that's, that's, that's a colossal mistake. Yeah. Is that a word I use? Colossal. Yeah. Cosal. I'm trying to use more three and four syllable words. Nailed, you know, you Nailed. Yeah, Because I got a smart, I got sound smart with Fred Smo coming, But Yeah, it, it's crazy. It's Weird how that started.


Like Deshaun Jackson did one time. It, I don't think it had happened before that. Oh, Leon let the Leon let Bebe play on Thanksgiving. Yeah. He caught, he, I think that's a little bit different 'cause he kind of, yeah. You know, he started celebrating early, got caught from behind, stripped to the ball that it, it makes you real mad as a coach. But you know, that type of thing happens. But just dropping the ball before you get to the end zone. What would you do to a player if they did that? Well, there is not much you can say to Jonathan Taylor. He already feels terrible. Yeah. But what'll happen now is in training camp, every coaching staff will put that on their list of things that have happened that we need to cover. So they'll probably take all the skill guys and have 'em run through the end zone, you know, with the ball secure, run through the end zone, finish the play before you celebrate.


But that's unfortunate. And it's sickening really than it happened to Jonathan Taylor. You would rather have your guy take an unsportsmanlike penalty for like excessive taunting after the touchdown, obviously. Exactly. Yeah. Using, I'd rather him reach underneath the goalpost and have a cell phone like Joe Horn did or to with the Sharpie pen, something like That. Is there, is there anything in the, in the NFL that you've seen, you've been noticing over the, you know, the, the rules always change every year there's something new that they, a new wrinkle point of emphasis they add in. Is there anything that you would make as a change to the way the game is either officiated or anything just about how NFL football is going right now that you'd like to see change from a coaching perspective Perspective? You know, my biggest concern is pass interference in pro football.


I would make it the college rule, honestly, because some of these, some of these past interference calls are impacting a game. Just one play there. And I don't think there's a common thread in what is and what isn't past interference. I think this crew calls it a little different than that crew. And that is a penalty right now that is, I think, taken over a lot of these games. Yeah. It's, it's a little hack. If you under throw a ball just slightly, you can, you can draw pass interference. Like good quarterbacks will do that. Good Wide receivers will get Yeah. I sat up in a booth in Monday Night Football with Jerry Austin. Jerry Austin wore the white hat in three Super Bowls and our formula during the game was every penalty Jerry would go like this. And that meant it's a bad call.


Yeah. And if it was a good call, Jerry would go like that, so here's a penalty. He would go like that. That's a bad call. You know, because I, I'm getting a confirmation from the ref. But anyways, Jerry Seaman, or excuse me, Jerry Austin taught me that past interference should call itself. We should all be sitting in a bar in Chicago and go That's pi. Yeah. Yeah. That's how it should be a common Yeah. Obvious pass interference. Otherwise let these guys play. Right. That's my feeling. Yeah, no, I agree. I agree. Yeah. Let the, let the guys sitting on the couch be able to call it I Exactly. That's right. We should Usually Nail it. Instead of going to New York, we should go to Big Cat in his studio down here at Bar Stool.


Yeah. Yeah. They should have like sensors hooked up to us. Something. Give us six beers and then let you know 20 of us watch a game at the same time. We get a button in front of us, we all say yes or no. Then they take that data. Okay. No passer. I don't like the way we're protecting a quarterbacks either. I don't know if you saw the Kirk Cousins play at the end of the Raider game the other night. Yeah. But what is roughing the pass or what isn't? I think, I think we gotta be a little careful there too. So you bring up Kirk Cousins. I know you guys have a relationship. He obviously gets benched tough. I mean he's the ultimate pro about it. And I think he even called Michael Pennix and was like, Hey, let's, you know, shoot the elephant in the room is what he said. What do you think the future is for Kirk? Do you think he still has some years left in him?


I know this is disappointing, but he also is getting paid a lot of money. You know, he is probably gonna have an opportunity now to really sit down and think about that. I, I wonder how healthy he truly is coming off that Achilles injury. I've seen that injury take over a year to get all the way back. But the one thing that's disappointing when I looked at the Falcons is they just never used a play action pass. And here's Kirk Cousins, I think he threw 69 touchdown passes on play action over the last three or four years in Minnesota. They don't even call a play action pass with that running game with Bijan and Algiers. I, I don't, I don't know what they're doing offensively in Atlanta, but it was not a good mix from the start. They started poorly against Pittsburgh.


It ended poorly against the Raiders. But I know this, he's a hell of a competitor. He'll be back and they just gotta figure out what to do with the contract. Yeah. That's a big issue with how they loaded that contract. Yeah. Yeah. Did you watch a lot of Michael Pennix tape? I did. So what, what do we think about him? I know he can throw the ball to the outside. What I liked about panics, forget about Indiana and Washington is I like what he did in the preseason. I really did. Now he's inexperienced. He hasn't played one snap, really meaningful snap for the Falcons. But this guy has a quick arm. He's accurate. He can really rip it down the field. But I don't think the Falcon offensive line is playing great. They have committed so many penalties, holding penalties. It's ridiculous.


False starts. The Falcons are still in this thing. If they can tie Tampa, they win the tiebreaker. So they have to win these final couple games. But he's a talented kid. I'm just anxious to see where he is with the system. Yeah. It's kind of, I mean listen, it's good that he's starting against the Giants. The Giants stink. He should have some good opportunities against them. Especially Dexter Lawrence is, is is out for the season. But it's tough to be a, a rookie quarterback thrown in Week 16 being like, Hey we gotta win out to make the playoffs. That's a lot of pressure. It Is a lot of pressure and I think it's probably gonna serve him well in the future. Yeah. Because if he does go out there and light it up against the team, they should beat I think his teammates, you know, they'll start doing what the Washington Commanders did with Daniels.


You see what Denver's doing? Rallying behind Bo Nicks. I think the Falcons, as you said, they have shot the elephant in the room just inevitable. Yeah. Right. You don't take a guy with the eighth pick at that position. Right. To sit for very long. Right. Yeah. So this, this weekend I believe we got the 49 ERs of the Dolphins, right? Yes. So both teams disappointing seasons for each one. And it felt like a couple years ago, two of the most dynamic exciting offenses. Now they've kind of just, they've gotten slow. It's not as fun of a matchup as it used to be. What do you see, I'll ask about the Dolphins first. What do you see outta the Dolphins offense that's different now that they're kind of a little bit lackluster in whereas before they were lighting it up, They don't have a running game. Yeah. They can't run the ball. Yeah. I mean last year they had, Raheem Moer had 20 touchdowns.


They don't even play eight Chan's a hell of a receiver. I think in the last five games they have run the ball for 50 yards a game or less. They just have no running game. It's a finesse, quick passing game. And if you have the guys like Lasseter and Stingley to lock down these receivers, it's hard uphill sledding. But they just don't have a running game. They're missing Chubb. They're missing Jalen Phillips or Two Edge rushers. And they're, they've done a surprisingly good job on defense. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I just think they don't have a balanced offense. They don't run the ball and it's all on Tua. And that's, that's hard to do week in and week out. Yeah. I Also think Tyreek's maybe on the wrong side of 30 and it's, you know, it's a little different where it's not, he's still explosive, but he hasn't been that, you know, game breaker of no one knows what to do with him.


And it is obviously the running game as well. But they, you know, guy gets a little one step a little bit slower and it can change it. Right. You see that name, that Tyreek Hill, he scares me man. He burnt me. He, he put me into my grave, that guy. But you know, their left tackle Armstead out. He doesn't play the right tackle. Jackson gets hurt. They put in Kendall Lamb, he gets hurt. They're playing their third string. Right. Tackle. So I'm sure Coach McDaniels is like, man we gotta throw the quick game. We don't have the horses up front to run the ball. And it's caught up with them. Yeah. Yeah. It's Been tough. On the other side of that Brock Purdy, they're gonna have to make a decision about Brock Purdy pretty soon and what the contract is gonna be for him. Is he a guy that you would pay or would you, you, would you look to the draft free agency?


No, I'd pay Purdy. I mean, you've already developed the guy, he covered your ass, man. I mean, if it wasn't for Brock Purdy. Right. None of these things that are good in San Francisco happened. We'd be talking About Trey Lance. They gave him number First round picks for Trey Lance. Yeah. And they get the guy in the last pick of the draft that allows you to get him outta here and put this kid in. He hasn't made any money and he's taking you to Super Bowls. He's a winner missing Trent Williams McCaffrey has not been right the whole season. I don't know what happened to Deebo Really? And IU been Out. He's getting all as well. Yeah. And he talk about a team that's lost players. You know, Kyle Shahan has lost a lot of players on both sides of the ball. But I would definitely keep Purdy, I'm an owl man. Who, Who, Who am I gonna get to replace Purdy?


You know, everything sounds pretty in this draft, but Are you an owl about, I'm An Owl are an Now about Sam Darle. How about Sam Darn Baker Mayfield. I mean, here's two guys that have reinvented themselves. I know I use that word a lot, but that's what you have to do in this business. You know, Sam, darn. You gotta pay Sam. Darn well we got JJ McCarthy. Well, you gotta be outta your mind to let Sam darn, you're 12 and two man. How much better could your quarterback play than what Sam has played this year? I don't Know. That guy can run, run for First Downs. He's a horse. He's young. If you let Sam Darlow out of there, you're making a real mistake. Okay. I wanted to ask a question about the Deebo thing. 'cause it kind of is like Tyreek Hill as a coach. When you see a player maybe lose a slight step, do you have a conversation with them?


Or is it, do you start game planning a little different where it's like, Hey, we know this guy is maybe not exactly what he used to be. Let's figure out a way to work for his strengths here so we can still get a lot out of him. Yeah, I mean, you help a guy maintain his impact somehow, some way. Jerry Rice, Tim Brown, I had those guys on the same, same team. They were deep into their thirties. But there's so many things these great players can do. You have to tap into some different areas. Right. But when I look at Tyreek, he does have the wrist injury and that's a serious injury that he's playing through. He's gonna have to have surgery after the season and his best part of his game is going down the field. Right. And when you throw these down the field deep ends and deep daggers and special seam, the quarterback's gotta drop back and hold the ball.


Yeah. But Miami doesn't do that. I mean, almost every pass he runs Rowdy Runs is inside of 10 yards. Oh yeah. It's disgusting watching. I'm watching Tyre Kill. I'm like, man, he, I wish he would've run those routes against us. Yeah. Yeah. I think he, he hasn't caught a 30 yard pass since week one, I think. Yeah. Well last week they tried the wrong corner twice. Yeah. Stingley And Derek Stingley was covering Tyreek and made a couple great plays. But you're right, they gotta, I think, somehow get him to be a factor down the field again. Yeah. Sticking in that division. We're, we're friends with Josh Allen. We love the Buffalo Bills. We're part of Bills Mafia, I think maybe honorary part, haven't gone through a table yet. But we're, we love Buffalo. And it feels like this might be the year for them. The way that Josh is playing.


Do you think that that this is their best chance that they've ever had this year? I do. I mean, I'm worried about their defense. Their defense made me mad the other day. Now I understand when they went to the Rams and gave up 44 points on a short week, and I know against Detroit, they're missing both their safeties. Now Rap didn't play, Hamlin didn't play Rasul. Douglas didn't play at Corner. But they couldn't stop Detroit or la They couldn't stop anything the last two weeks, I believe to have a championship team, you have to have a quarterback playing winning football and you gotta have a fourth quarter pass rush. What bothered me is they let golf keep going down the field and down the field. They couldn't stop Detroit either. Yeah. And I'm waiting for Von Miller and Rousseau and Oliver to close these games out.


I mean, you know, golf is throwing at every play. I was expecting to see a lot more pass rush, impactful pass rushes hits on the quarterback in Sacks. And I've seen It's why the, it's why the Chiefs Worst. That's the Chiefs win. Chris Jones the Exactly Right. Yeah. Every, how many times have we seen a playoff game where it's fourth quarter, Chris Jones makes a game breaking play on a third down and you know there's a fumble or a big sack and it's like, it's like Charles Charles Haley, the the Charles Haley. You know, he was the closer for the 49 ERs. When he goes to Dallas, he's the closer for the Cowboys. You gotta have guys that can end the game when golf has the ball inside at two minutes. Mahomes has the ball inside at two minutes.


You gotta close these quarterbacks out. Yeah. It's Dwight Freeney. Dwight Freeney fourth quarter hasn't done the spin move all game. Guess what you're getting Spin money. That's my new money segment. I, I bought this chain. It's like a $3 million chain with diamonds and it's got a big money thing on it. I'm gonna put my necklace on. We used to call it the Green team. Yeah. So at the end of the game, we would send out our Green Pass Rush team, sap, Simeon Rice and Marelli. Our D line coach would put the other two guys out there, Greg Spiers, Ellis Whims, whoever our money pass rushers were. So I'm gonna put together my green team Pass rush now all guys making money. Yeah, I love that. But who would be your two ends? Who would be your two defensive tackles in today's game?


Who would be your green team that you would send out there in the fourth quarter? Oh, that's a good question. But it'd definitely be Chris Jones inside tj. Probably Dexter Lawrence inside. Yep. He'd probably look at Miles Garrett. Miles Garrett. Tj. Tj. TJ has a knack for doing that in the fourth quarter. That's when he is gonna get strip sacking. Max Crosby. Don't forget my guy to get Max Cro Never comes off the field condor. Yeah. He wouldn't be on, he's on every team. Not just the green team. But I think as you watch the games this weekend, think about these two minute situations. Yeah. And look at the pass rush unit that's out there and look at that as the The green team. The green team. We used to use a timeout. Warren SAP taught me this. He's the first guy that ever pointed this out to me. 'cause I'm not real smart.


He's like, Hey, can I use a timeout? Think about this. We're playing Detroit. They have the ball. They got a chance to go down and win the game. And Warren says, can I take a timeout to rest? Because what happens is he's passed Russians. They rush, they go back, they rush, they go back rush, they get tired. And when the ball's incomplete, they tap out. They bring in a fresh rusher. Well you're bringing in a fresh rusher for Warren Sap. It's not Warren Sap. So Warren SAP takes the time out. We get 'em some Gatorade, we go out there and PM off Bam sacks the next place. See? So you gotta think about that a little bit. I think you gotta have guys that can heat up the quarterback without blitzing, use your seven men in some kind of coverage and let these four guys eat up front.


But think about taking a time out. I like that. For your defensive rushers to rest and think about who the money pass rushers are at the end of The game. It is so true that you like kind of forget it. Where teams will, over the course of the year, there'll be teams that blitz more and you know, they'll put up great numbers on defense. Like, but at the end of the day when you get to Playoffs, you gotta be able to do it with four. You can't, you can't just, you can't just always expect to be able to blitz your way outta stuff. Well It sure helps. I mean you gotta disguise coverages. You know, you gotta stop Kelsey, you gotta stop, you know, worthy over here. You gotta stop all these weapons. The back coming out of the backfield. You need men in coverage to do that. Yeah. A lot of times when you blitz Mahomes or you blitz Josh Allen, you might as well blow your brains out.


They are you serious? They see it. They change the protection. They hand signal the routes and they just thread it in there, man. Yeah. Yeah. So, or they take off 'cause no, you know Exactly right. There's a big Hole and Yeah. Yeah. So we're taping this early on Thursday. You hate Thursday night football? I do hate Thursday. Okay. I now they're playing Wednesday. Yeah. Yeah. Now they're playing Wednesday. What, from your perspective, 'cause you obviously were, you know, you lived it playing Thursday night football. Why did you hate Thursday night football from a coach's perspective and, and just a quality perspective. Well, you asked me if I could put in a couple plays with the bar stool team. Yeah. And I'm anxious to do that. Yeah. Well it's gonna take a little time.


So you guys are gonna have to have a little time on the practice field to learn 6 82 and 6 83 Diesel 76 and 77 special. I'm even gonna put in a couple other routes just to check you guys. So we can have a little bit of versatility in our office. But on a short week, you really don't get any time to practice. You don't get any time to really familiarize yourself with the opponent's blitzes, the coverages that they run, the stunts that they run up front. You don't get a chance to study their red zone defense, their third down defense. You don't get a chance to look at 'em in goal line in short yardage. So there's very little preparation and these guys are beat up. Man, I don't like seeing these guys play 61 snaps on Sunday and then have to go play 68 snaps on Thursday.


Yeah. It bothers me. I don't mind doing it on Thanksgiving. I think it's a wonderful thing. But I do believe when you're playing Thursday football, there's very little preparation. There's very little time to recover and it's gonna take its toll on the performance. Yeah. You know, you just don't show up. This is not Major League baseball where we can play a double header and go out and play here. It's not the NBA no disrespect, but this is, this is a lot of physical contact man. Right. And a lot of these guys are, they're hurting. Yeah. They're really sucking it up right now to play. Especially this this point in the season week 16. Like I, I, I agree with you. The, I I love Thursday night football. I wish they'd figure out a way to do a double buy during the season so you could get more Thursday to Thur.


You know, like a team plays on a Thursday and they get, you know, extended rest or there's buys or, so, you know, you play at your, your double buy ends up being your Thursday night game after that. So you get a little more fresh, fresh teams out there. But the, like, the team's playing on Christmas and Saturday this week, they're playing three games in 11 days at the end of the season. That's crazy. Well, it is crazy. And You've gotta protect, I mean, I don't wanna watch a playoffs if like some of these guy, you know, Patrick Mahome or Lamar Jackson isn't playing. Yeah, exactly. Hell, I look at Major League baseball, they won't even let the pitcher pitch nine innings. Right. They're worried about his arm getting sore, you know, but you're right. How would you like to be a 12 in one team like the Chiefs and lose a couple players for the first round of the playoffs because they get hurt in one of these games that they're playing in three, you know, an 11 day period.


But is this microphone work? I would, I make sure I can say this clearly. I hate Thursday football. Especially when you gotta be the road team. Yeah. And when they make you fly into a different time zone on a Thursday, it's ridiculous to me. I think you gotta be, be really honest and careful with how you look at the performances on Thursday night. Yeah. And we saw an awful game last Thursday night this time of year. It seems like the, the product gets worse The season. Well they, they say that, you know, they're the two best offensive coaches in the game. Yeah. McVey and Shanahan. And the, the season really is on the line for the 49 ERs. Right. And here's the Rams trying to get back in and take control of the division and it's 12 to six. Yeah. You know, So it's unwatchable.


It was tough. Yeah. So with the Barstow team, if you're installing plays force, you've gotta know a lot of people here. And it's been fun watching you interact. Do you think that you've got a, do you have a starting 11 in your mind? No. Okay. I, I really didn't see a lot of talent the last time I was here. There was a lot of guys that, I don't think that's fair. Had great attitudes. It's gonna be a tough job. Do you Know quarterback most important position? I don't, I don't, I don't know who that is. The girl. I can't remember her first name. Megan. Megan. Megan. Yes. She had an arm. She had an arm. I think she's coachable. Yeah. Okay. What about, what about me and Big Cat? You're gonna be my f Big Cat. It's gonna be the Y He's gonna be the tight end. Nice. Okay. It's got a little Size. Yeah. F is fullback.


You're gonna be my slot receiver basically. Okay. Shifty guy. Love it. Yeah. Get in that quick. Twit. You might be the quarterback though. I, I did, I did see some promise. I came in, I think last place in a quarterback challenge. Okay. You're out. You, you're the F Yeah. Yeah. Handout. You'll be the I need to, I'm like Julian Edelman. You see me as, I was a quarterback before, but I get to the league. But you're gonna have to run the special scene. So I just wanna see if you can recognize cover two single high and then convert it versus, man, you gotta do a few things on the special scene. Or What about Max? Max is a broken foot, but imagine he didn't have a a, The podcast is right away. Max was gonna be the center. He looks like Kelsey. Yeah. Yeah. Oh man, he just made His mistake. He'll be my center and he can snap today. Yeah, he can. He absolutely can. Alright.


In the NFC, I have some teams that I think could win. Like it feels wide open. What teams could you conceivably see winning the Super Bowl in the NFC right now? Man, it's tough. I have, I think I have five. I wanted to say Detroit because they can really finish you with the running game. They've lost so many players. It's hard. I wanna say Minnesota. Yeah. Because they have a great skillset. When you look at the emergence of Addison, the return of Hawkinson and with the great Justin Jefferson, I think Aaron Jones is excellent. Donald's playing well and they're playing solid defense and their kicker, he doesn't have a lot of experience, but he makes all his kicks.


I like Minnesota. I still think Green Bay's very dangerous. Yep. You know, they, they got a quarterback that's got a, he's got a lot of talent, man. They can run the ball and they do have some pass rushers, ed and Cooper is a guy to keep an eye on. He came back off that injury. Their rookie from Texas a and m really played good against Seattle. And I think Green Bay's dangerous. I think Minnesota, I like Detroit, but other than that I'm No Philly. Philly. You gotta put Philly in there. I gotta put Philly in there. You gotta put Philly in There. Philly. I think Philly's probably the favorite. Yeah. You gotta put Philly in there. Philly. What about what? I mean the Bucks and the Rams, that's the thing. It's anybody's game.


You Do you think the, like the Tampa Bay Bucks in your mind? I obviously there's teams that are more talented than overall, but I do think the way Baker's playing, they're unafraid and they can go anywhere and they could, I mean, they've listen, they've beaten the lions. They've beaten the Eagles. Like that's a team to me that I, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna say they're, they're, they're the favorite or anything to get to the Super Bowl. But it wouldn't shock me if we're in sitting in New Orleans and the Bucks have made a crazy run and they've, and they've had a couple upsets and they're sitting there playing it on in February. I've been saying this for a long time. I mean not not bullshitting neither. I mean, baker Mayfield is a real quarterback now.


He's playing great. Yeah. And the emergence of this Bucky Irving this, have you seen this kid play? Yeah. Yeah. I mean he's a combination of work done. Napoleon Kaufman, Charlie Garner, he is a badass man. This guy's a hell of a back. Yeah. Tampa Bay was 32nd in rushing offense the last two years. They couldn't run out of the stadium. Now they're a top 10 rushing team. They're balanced. Mike Evans is, is a complete stud Hall Of Famer and Todd Bowles. No one gives Bowles any credit. Man. This guy's a hell of a defensive coach. They just went to the Chargers and kicked their ass. Yeah, they are, they are a dangerous football team because of their balance on offense and experienced defensive head coach. And McLaughlin makes big field goals.


Yeah. Yeah. So I do like temp. Yeah. And I like Philly. This this Philadelphia Eagle defense man, Vic fan's got a couple rookies in the secondary. The Gene and Mitchell playing great. They got a lot of second year players. Carter and Nolan Smith, this Kobe Dean, this Zach Bond guy comes over from New Orleans. They're good man. What is it about Vic Fangio defense? What is he, what is he preaching that makes it so hard to, 'cause he's, he's a great defensive coordinator. We've seen it time and time again. But what is it about his defenses? They don't give up big plays. Number one, they know where their help is. They know how to play leverage. They know, they know how to play and eliminate big plays. They, they don't take unnecessary stupid risks.


They're hard to run against. They just do an excellent job taking away your strength and making you play left-handed. Right. And they're a ball possession offense. They run the ball more than anybody. So they're not out on the field. F you know, 80 plays a game. Right. They don't have to play a whole lot of snaps. I worry about the Eagle's pass rush depth a little bit. Huff is out. They just lost Brandon Graham for the season and I told you about that Muddy pass rush man. I can't wait to see the money chain. Yeah. So, so you're gonna reward that every week. Green. I'm Gonna, well I'm gonna talk about my green team. See green team. I'm gonna get some glasses like you, I got, you know, I got those $12, you know, flip. These are shady rays.


We can get you better. A little better set than that. I might need to get some shady rays, Get some shady Rays going. I'm gonna just, I'm worried about the Eagle Green team a little bit. Yeah. So with with Houston, they've been kind of weird this year. 'cause last year it felt like their offense was way more explosive. Felt like they were dynamic. Exciting. It feels like it's taken a little step back this year. Is this, has it been concerning to you to watch the development of that offense? I thought they'd be a lot better. You know, their offensive line has been disappointing to me. They, they had 41 sacks allowed going into last week's game. Not only the sacks. I mean, Stroud, if you look at the pro football focus, all the charts and stats, he's been pressured more than any guy in the league.


This guy's been knocked down, he's been sacked, he's had the shit beat out of him. And I just don't feel, I don't feel the rhythm of their passing game at all. Yeah. And they're Boomer bust on Rush. They really are. Like they, they are. I, I went and looked at it because we're, we're gonna do our, our pre our weekend preview for PMT this afternoon. But it was like, see, or Joe Mixon was like 110 yards, 20 yards, 120 yards, 15 yards. Like he either is going off or it's nothing. Yeah. He didn't run the ball at all against Miami. Yeah. It's not for the fake punt last week. They don't really score much in Houston either. Yeah. But it's, it's a problem because some of those linemen, I mean Howard at Right Tackle, tonsil at left tackle, they've got a lot of investments in that line, but they haven't picked up blitzes when they stunt the line.


They haven't picked up stunts and it's impacted Stroud. He's off schedule right now and I know they're missing Stefan digs, but Nico Collins's back, they got a pretty good tight end. I just, I just don't feel the rhythm. Yeah. Yeah. You know, you gotta have a little rhythm to the basket. Yeah. There's no flow to it at all. We talked last time when we were watching, we were doing the live stream of the Thursday night Football Commander's Eagles. I heard that you didn't know that the cameras were on for that whole thing. No, I I had no idea they would film all of that. Yeah. We were just live, we were just live the whole time. But I'm gonna let it rip tonight anyway. Yeah, No, people loved you. And we had the conversation about the analytics where you were like, there's some, you know, some nerd that's in your ear telling you, Hey, go for it.


Go for it, go for it. And then you mentioned like pro football focus and some of the people that do, you know, the, the talent evaluation. Do you feel the same way about those guys? The, the, the outside like third parties that grade players as you do about the numbers guys that are in your ear during your game? I love the pro football focus because it gives me a starting point. They say, Hey, P fts playing great PF T's playing great. So okay. I go in there, I say, let me see 'em playing. Great, great Big Cat had a shitty game. So I like to go back and see for myself, A lot of times you might disagree with the guy that graded the film, you know, maybe you got, you got the sack against you. Yeah. But maybe when you look at the tape, I might say, nah, it wasn't his fault.


Yeah. But for the most part, these guys are pretty solid man. But it does give me a pretty good gauge of where to start my studies, you know, in terms of I like to see it before I say it. Yeah. Yeah. That's great. The, by the way, we, we, I can announce this now. We talked about our schedule coming up, but Coach is gonna be with us for Wild Card weekend, a divisional round. So we're gonna do streams Saturday and Sunday. That's awesome. I can't wait that you can With us in the gambling kid. I love that. I'm so excited to watch football with you. Do you guys use artificial intelligence? No. We, And we know about it, but we don't use it. Yeah. What I've been using it, I've been, see I'm, I'm trying, you're Using it high.


Well like when a, when a quarter, let's say you're a right guard. Okay. And you blow an assignment and the back gets hit in the face for a three yard loss and you're the same Right. Guard that whiffs in pass protection and then you're the same right guard that jumps off sides and you come over to the sideline, I would probably say, what the fuck are you doing Big Cat? So I send that into artificial intelligence to see what should I say to my guard when he jumps off sides Wilson Pass from Texas. And some of the responses are pretty good, like clean All, It's a, it becomes a PG 13. Oh I Like it. Way of ripping a right guard. I like it. I like it. Same thing with ripping a referee. Yeah. Yeah. You know, or when the owner comes in and starts calling you names after you lose a game Yeah.


Threatening to fire you. What should my response be? Yeah. Right. And when you listen to artificial intelligence, you were gonna say, this might be the greatest invention ever. That's Great. Yeah. And so have you ever had an owner say, I'd like for you guys to practice during the bi-week? Oh yeah. I mean now there's rules you see. Yeah. The collective bargaining agreement puts thank, puts sanctions on what a coach can and can't do. So that's what makes it difficult. Yeah. Yeah. How do you, how do you manage that? Because ultimately the owner is your boss, right? They sign your paychecks, you serve at, at, at, you know, their discretion. But then your job is also to just manage an entire, you got like two separate jobs, almost. Like one is running the team and then the other is presenting a case of how you're running the team to the owner when things get bad.


So how do you juggle those two things? Well, I just use the practice field as my laboratory. You know, you wanna take advantage of all the time that you have to practice. You may not need as much practice as you need. So you might take the bye week and let some of your young guys get some reps because it is a long season. You might wanna install a couple new schemes. A lot of guys just say, Hey, you're out. Get outta the building for the whole week. Yeah. And sometimes the collective bargaining ag agreement makes you let the players be loose for X amount of days. But, you know, I like watching teams in pre-game warmup. Some teams are working hard in pre-game warmup. They're, they're developing players during pre-game. Some coaches are just putting their headphones on and they're jogging around the stadium.


But when you're trained, I think under Al Davis, like I was, you're pretty much trained to use every second hit. You have to train somebody Yeah. In some way. Yeah. That's, that's interesting. Yeah. Using, using the pregame warmup almost as an extra Practice, an extra period. An individual period. Yeah. You know, look at it that way. Don't go out there thinking it's a, a, you know, a bullshit dance lesson. You know what I mean? Yeah. How much did Al love speed? How much was he like that guy so fast? He talked about Raider bodies. He would see a lineman at the combine. He'd say that guy's got a Raider body and our scouts were looking for Raider bodies. Defensive lineman had to have length corners, had to have length and speed twitchiness.


But he, he loves speed. You know, he modeled his team size, speed. The one thing about the Raiders, we had a good looking team man. Yeah. Every year where we got off the bus when Al was around. Yeah. In Fact.


Alright, I got one last question for you coach. It's been awesome. It's Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos hoodies, joggers shorts, promo code take Rollback dot com. You got hip surgery. How's the new hip and how's the golf game?


Pretty Good. Yeah. I mean, yeah. You know, I'm glad you brought this up because working at Barstool you get the chance to meet other people. So when the guys came down, my hip held up pretty good and me and Yeah. Played golf. Me and Trent put a whoop ass on those guys. Yeah. Yeah. We did. We did. It felt pretty good's an it felt nicey. Yeah, It felt nicey. Yeah it did. I hit some good drives. I never really sniped one at all. I was down the middle. Trent made a couple clutch plays. Yeah. And a lot of it had to do with great coaching. You know, tr and I, we kind of had this synergy going here. Yeah. It was like me and Rich Gannon again in and out of the golf cart, you know. But it was so much fun. We had a blast and it was a stunning upset no one predicted us to win I Hips.


Good. I like your strategy on the golf course too, which is just every hole is a par five. Yeah. You know what? That it kinda lowers my standards a little bit because I do know I haven't played a whole lot of golf because of my, you know, coaching background. But if I shoot 86 at a nice course, like where we play, that's, that's a pretty good round. It's respectable. That's Having fun. Is there anybody at Bartol that you wanna fight? Are you, do you have an enemy yet? No. Okay. I'm, I'm Max. You have, you're only on like week two of working with Steven Cha. Steven Cha is such a buck fan. He is. He is almost kind of a weird Buck fan. Oh Almost. Yeah. He Remembers, he remembers things I don't even remember.


Yeah. Yep. Yeah, He's a computer dude. Yeah. He knows stuff about you that you don't even know. Yeah. It's a little scary, you know, it's kinda like, You know. Oh, alright. Well coach thank you as always, always fun to have you. And we're excited for the Playoffs. I can't wait to watch them play off football. Yeah. So who do you got in the a FC real quick? Okay. I got The bills. I'll go with the bills as well. I like the bills. Yeah. I'm not gonna go against the chiefs though 'cause they do have the, the defense, the fourth quarter rush. Yeah. You know, all this close ugly winning that they're doing is gonna serve them well in the playoffs. They're learning how to win. They do all the small things right. Yeah. If things go bad, I just, but if they get that one break, they know how to take advantage.


They, they, they dance on that margin just a little bit too much though. What about their offensive line? Doesn't, aren't you watching them and you're like, it's not sustainable. They have the best center in two guards. If, if you can't do better than Tooney the Center Creed Humphreys and Trey Smith at right guard. You can't do better than that. Right? Yeah, yeah. It's just a left tackle. They've, they've had a turnstile left tackle. I mean hell DJ Humphreys was playing left tackle other Day he got hurt. Yeah. The A FC to me is just, it's a little bit more clear that it's Raven's chiefs for Bills. I think those are the three teams. I think the Ravens are interesting. They've improved on defense. You know what the Raven's problem is? They lead the league in penalties. They're not, they do lead the league in s not they're undisciplined. Which That will kill you. I watched that Steeler Raven game the first one.


'cause I know they're playing Saturday. They had 12 penalties in that game. Yeah. You know you can't win like that. No you can't. Especially when it's so razor thin in the playoffs. Wouldn't she love to see Lamar Jackson and Josh Allen go at it? Yeah. And who do you have as the MVP? That's what I wanna know. I Have Josh. I have Josh right now. Lamar's in the conversation. Lamar's Been insane's 34 touchdown passes three interceptions. Yeah. I mean nobody's thrown 30 touchdowns in less than five picks except for Brady and Aaron Rogers. So that's the kind of class he's throwing the ball with. Yeah. And he's got 750 yards rushing. Yeah. I mean he gets 109 yards. He passes Mike Vick for the all time quarterback rushing title. Title. He's had a sick statistical season.


Yeah. I Mean sick. Yeah. And of course the MVP is kind of, it's just always narratives. It was who, you know the big game down the stretch last year it was Lamar Brock Purdy and then Lamar beats Brock Purdy and week 17 and then it's Lamar. So it's, you know, Josh Allen's something else though, man. Yeah. Have you ever gone out throwing a pass in the snow in the cold. Shitty weather With the wind blowing? Have you ever tried to do it? Yeah, of course. Did you see Josh Allen against to 49 ERs? It's, I mean it's like is in a dome That pass he made even in, in Detroit Running to his left. Well, Yeah. And he just, it was like, how's this even possible? I don't, I don't know. I, I'd have a hard time voting this year, but those two guys should probably both take it home. I Think the fact Lamar won it last year makes it more likely that Josh is gonna get it this year.


Yeah, yeah. You're probably right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well coach thank you as always. And yeah, we can't wait to watch some football with You. Same here brother. Hell yeah. Same here. Thank you guys


From overcrowded stores and flight delays to awkward family dynamics and dinner mishaps. The holidays are far from perfect, but that doesn't mean we have to lose our chill, forgotten ingredients don't have to ruin dinner. Takeout and Coors Lights are always crowd pleasers when the mountains turn blue, it's as cold as the Rockies Coors Light is cold lager cold filtered, cold packaged for a smoother finish. We got Saturday football this weekend. You better believe I'm gonna be drinking an ice cold Coors Light while I watch it. I can't wait. I can't wait. This time of year is awesome. Coors Light makes it even better. Coors Light is cold filtered Cold lager cold package. Choose chill this holiday season, then reach for Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado


Coach Gruden was also brought to you by part of my cheese steak football's in full gear. Ordering part of my cheese steak for your game day meal or late Night Eats is the best play call you can make. Part of my cheese steak brings you awesome cheese steaks and loaded fries delivered right to your doorstep. And they will be offering free delivery throughout the entire football season. Take advantage. You can have your pick of delicious cheese steaks made with a fresh, thin sliced steak, melted provolone mouth watering cheese sauce, caramelized onions on a toasted hogie roll. Have classic cheese steaks, Chipotle cheese steaks, chicken cheese steaks, buffalo chicken, cheese steaks, and many, many more. Find a part of my cheese steak near you. Order yours now at part of my cheese steak.com. Use code a WL for free delivery.


Okay, let's wrap up. We got Fire Fest of the Week, Henry. All right, serious Fire Fest time. It's probably gonna take me a minute to explain too, so bear with me. I can help. I need, well I need, I need to give the backstory first. 'cause it, it made a lot of sense after, in real time it didn't, but to set it up, I, and I wanted to wait a couple weeks 'cause I was dealing with some, some of the aftermath for a couple weeks. So I wanted to make sure I was good before I talked about it. 'cause it would've just made everything worse if I said it right when it happened. But going back Thanksgiving, I was home for break. I was at a friend's house smoking a bubbler, like a little bubbler bowl. And this is all what I put together after the fact.


Obviously if I realized in, in real time, it would've been a different situation. But smoking out of a bubbler bowl and basically I, I lit it and basically inhaled burnt ash, which went into my throat and like made my lungs swollen. I did not realize this at the time. That was Saturday night. Fast forward to Monday, it was the Browns Chargers game. Monday Night Football. Browns, Broncos, Browns, Broncos. Yeah, apologies. Browns Broncos. Monday Night Football. I was smoking a little joint by myself and it, it like, felt weird. I, again, I didn't realize it was 'cause my lung was swollen, but I was like, that something, something's not right. This doesn't feel right. I put it out, but I didn't know what was going on. Went inside to my condo and was watching the game and I was struggling hard to breathe and I was by myself.


I like, you know, I was, couldn't catch my breath. And then I worked myself up into a panic where I, again, I've never had a panic attack. I joked about it in the beginning of the show. I had never had a panic attack, so I was essentially freaking out. I had convinced myself in, in my head that I was, there was something like a hole or something in my lung. I was losing oxygen and that I, I basically was never gonna be able to get this oxygen again. So I worked myself into a panic. I thought I was having a stroke, 'cause I never had a panic attack. I was like, on the ground, basically like thinking, I was like fading away, watching Jamis throw an interception being like, this is it. I think this is it. I didn't know what to do.


The first person I called, I was like, I don't know what to do. I called Big Cat, I was like, I need to go to like urgent care. I don't know what's going on, but like, I can't, I can't breathe. I think I'm going down. And then I made my way. Big Cat was, was super helpful. He told me what urgent care to go to. He said, he'll meet me there. And I was like, on the way to urgent care, you know, not necessarily a huge religious guy, you know, believe in something up there. But I was like, if, if this is, this is not a big deal, like I'll, I'll never, you know, I'll never smoke again. I'm gonna get healthy. Like, this is, 'cause I literally thought I was, I thought I was dying. Like I thought I was, I thought I was never gonna be able to breathe right again in my life. And so, shout out to Big Cat. He met me at urgent care, went through the whole process with me.


They, you know, put me, put me on the tubes and stuff. And it, you know, turns out it was just, they told me after the fact, like, your, your lungs are swollen. You're just having a panic attack. Everything's gonna be fine. So it was a bad couple days that I had I, and I, you know, then I haven't smoked since. So I've, I've been having a lot of struggles sleeping. I've gotten a lot better with it over the past three weeks. I think anyone that's quit smoking weed knows the, the anxiety that kind of comes with that. And like the, the dreams and crazy dreams and like bad sleep, that's gotten a lot better in the past three weeks. So I'm kind of through it and I, I feel good. I feel healthy. But yeah, it was, it was a long month of December and it was, it was weird to not talk about it, but I feel good.


Anyone that's had panic attacks probably can understand what I was going through. I never had a panic attack. And I think obviously if I had realized I was having a panic attack, I would've been like, dude, you're having a panic attack, it's gonna be fine. But I thought I had a heart attack slash stroke and was never gonna breathe again. And like was gonna die watching James Winston watching Monday football, Which would be an okay way To go. Yeah. Yeah. So it's a, it's a post. It's a post mostly fire fest. But it was, it was bad. Can I do the funny stories now? Yes. Okay, great. Now again, like I had anxiety about it for a while and I knew if I talked about it a Ls were gonna be like, oh, you know, it was, they were gonna make, they were gonna tell me stuff that was gonna make me Yeah. More anxious about it. Yeah. So I wanted to wait until I was in a good place to talk about it.


But Yeah. Yeah. So I, I have some funny stories. I was with Hank in the ER for about four hours until like 2:00 AM It was, so what, let's, let's start from my, from my perspective, I was at home. I was actually, I just gotten ready for bed and Hank called me and he, he's not, he doesn't usually call me at like, it was like 10 30 at night. And I was like, oh shit, something must be wrong. Hank was nice enough to be like, oh, I thought to call Big Cat right away. 'cause he's like the adult in my life. That's not actually what happened. He called me and asked me if my wife knew what er she, he should go to. So he was like, my only adult. The only adult in my life is not big cat's, big cat's wife. So she, she helped us and was like, yeah, go here.


It actually was the, the same one I had gone for my kidney stone. So I knew where it was. I get there, I was nervous. I was legit like, 'cause the way you described it, like I was, this is scary. Like you can't breathe breathing thing, a breathing thing. So Hank, Hank had a little shame afterwards of being like, while I overreacted, you don't fuck around with not being able to breathe. Like, Hank couldn't even, he was, he couldn't speak either. He was whispering 'cause he couldn't get enough breath to actually like, talk loudly. It was like a cycle that kept reinforcing itself too, because you had, you had the actual lung injury and then you had the panic attack, and one of the symptoms of that is thinking that you can't breathe. Correct. So it's like the lung injury was feeding into your panic attack of being like, I'm never gonna have any more oxygen ever again, which makes everything worse.


Yeah, Yeah. And I had tried to, like, I thought it was like I got something stuck in my stroke. Like, I had given myself 45 minutes when I was home to like, this is fine. Something stuck in your throat. Like, you know, just, just like, like I was trying to, you know, cough it out and stuff and nothing was happening. And I, that's when I worked myself into a panic of like, oh Yeah, yeah. So we get there and I was very nervous 'cause I was like, yeah, I'm gonna meet you there because I like, you don't, he didn't have anyone to go with. And that's the whole fucked up thing to have to go to the emergency room by yourself and just be alone in the emergency room. So we get there, we check in. He has his, they did like an EKG on him right away. And that's when I started to calm down. 'cause I was like, all right, there's, they said that he's, he's breathing.


Okay, it's something else, but it's breathing. Okay. So I was like, all right, he's, this is, this is gonna, at least not like, he's not being rushed off with like the compressors and everything. Yeah. We check in. I did say they asked, I, I was his emergency contact, and they're like, how do you know him? And I said, best friend. And the one was like, okay, like, why would you tell me that? And we would, we went back. So we went back into the emergency. We got a, we, he checked in, we got everything checked in. He is like, all right, he is not gonna die right away. Waited a few minutes. He had to go get an MRI. So we go all the way back, he has to get in the gown, everything. We're sitting there and the guy, the, the nurse, male nurse walks in and this is Like a sitcom.


Yeah. He just goes, oh shit. Hank Well, he like popped his head in. There was a curtain and he like popped his head in and it was just like, what's up guys? I was like, oh my God. You're like, oh shit. Hank can, can I help you? And you had like tubes. Yeah. Yeah. So shout out to our male nurse. He actually gave me two Lunchables. That was probably, or Uncrustables. That was probably too much, but whatever. I ate him. So shout out our guy. He, he took care of us well, he was very, very nice, but it was very, it was just like, Like Kramer walking in the door. Yeah. Like, he Was like, it was so perfect that he was just like, oh shit, Hank. And then he looked at me, he is like, oh, what are you guys doing here? It's like, well, we're having a fucking problem. If You listen to the part of my take on that Wednesday, you can probably tell that Hank's voice is not like all the way there.


No, you were, but you gritted out. You got through it. But yeah, you were, you were not in a good place at that point. No, no. And I'm glad, I'm glad that it's nothing serious that you're able to, are you ever wait, are you ever gonna smoke again? I think I'm gonna stop. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm not gonna say I'm never gonna smoke again. I haven't smoked and I think I've kind of quit the habit. I'm sure there will be times like with other people. I think I, my plan is to quit smoking alone and like only smoke, you know, special occasions. Nice. Drink Socially with friends. Drink. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe, no, only when James is throwing interceptions. No More bubblers. Yeah. No more bubblers and no more, no more lonely stoner. Okay. All right. And then, so there's a couple other moments that were ridiculous. One, I, I was happy I was there.


Not only to be with Hank, but also I was kind of acting as maybe his not decision maker, but like, hey, maybe. 'cause they were like, Hey, do you want some anxiety medicine? And Hank was like, no. And then I went in the hallway, I was like, yeah, we need that. Like, this could be a, this could be it. So, and then the woman comes in, oh, oh, the doctor comes in. Doctor was a woman, no big deal. And was like, we're gonna put you through some breathing exercises to see how like your lungs are working. And Hank and I both are so stupid. We thought like she was gonna make him start like singing and stuff. Like, Yeah. Like, Oh, one, two Old, 1, 2, 3. Or doing like, the pregnancy ones.


Yeah. That's when I started to get embarrassed where I'm like, oh no. Like, yeah. But again, like it was, I was like thinking to myself for like the two hours when I thought it was bad. I was like, just please let it not be a big deal. So, and then about 45 minutes after I took the medicine, I, I was like, oh, I feel good. Like, and then I was like, oh shit. Yeah. I, I, this was a panic attack. Yeah. So I was a little embarrassed, but I, medicine hit, I was, I did give the like, please let this not be a big deal. And I promise I'll change my ways. And I, I have, but it's like, I was, I was happy but embarrassed when the medicine kicked in and I was like, oh, if, if I felt like this, I never would've came here. I'm fine. And then I was like, oh yeah, it was just, yeah, the anxiety medicine calmed you down and you're fine. Yeah. So I mean, once he, once he did the breathing exercise, the anxiety medicine was maybe like two in the morning.


And I was like, Hank was like, I think I'm good. Like you should go. And I was like, all right, you sure? And I was like, yeah, you should go. And I was like, all right, I'll, I'll leave. Like, lemme know if you need anything. And I was thanking the nurse, the a WL nurse as I was leaving. And then I go walk down the hallway and this girl stops me and she's like, Hey, are are you Big Cat? And I was like, yeah. And she's like, oh, I recognize your voice from down the hallway. And I was like, oh, cool. And she's like, yeah, my boyfriend is a huge listener of your guys' podcast. Can you say hi to him? I was like, I thought she was gonna pull out her phone or something. And she's like, yeah, he's right there. He just got hit by a car. It's a fucking aw wl. Can you imagine?


With a broken leg just laying. I was like, what's up dude? He's like, oh, hey, what's up Big Cat? Imagine being that guy, you get into a car accident, you're in the hospital and then big catch is like pokes his head and John Cena, you think you're gonna die? He Like, what up, dude? Yeah, We should start doing that. Going around to emergency rooms and just asking for dudes between the age of 18 and 40. Hey, we're here to cheer You up. I've been thinking about that guy. I he was probably expecting us to talk about it right away. I hope he's doing okay. That sucked that you got hit by a car dude. But yeah, I hope you're okay. Yeah. But yeah, I mean, end of the day I was, I was, I was nervous for Hank. I'm happy. He's fine. It was definitely a moment where I was like, I was saying the same prayers in, in my ride over being like, he better be okay.


Perspective. Perspective and, and, and yeah. Like, you know, you guys were super, super helpful throughout the whole two weeks aftermath. And then it just, you know, like literally you guys are the most important people in my life and that just kind of reinforced it. So a little serious, but Love it. Yeah. Yeah. I'm happy. I'm, same way. I'm happy that I'm, I'm good. And, and the dunking thing, it didn't work out, but it was a good, like good, it helped the focus of like, you know, when, when I was home by myself, it was like, just get on the treadmill, throw a bunch of layers and walk for like an hour and a half and just like, stay outta my apartment and just kind of like distract myself. So, and it was a good distraction. You did improve a lot. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. You improved eight inches.


Are you gonna, are we, do we wanna say that you didn't talk? We could say it. It's say, I mean. Okay. Alright. Well you won't know about the shooting thing, right? The shooting thing is really Okay. Yeah. Hank didn't dunk. Okay. We'll post the video. I'll I I He Was even close. I was kind of close. There was one where you got your, your part of your fingers above the rim. That was impressive. I gasped The full video will be at the end. Yeah. Yeah. But you weren't part four of the PMM T doc. That releases next week. Okay. And that will be with the shooting with this very special guest. That will be, yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm happy you're live Hank. Yeah, I Was very scared. I'm happy you guys were there for me. Thank you. Best Friend on emergency contact somewhere. Yeah. Also one extra one.


There's like, every, every every hospital has an app now where you can just sign up the app. Yeah. And, and you get the alerts. And my wife was texting me through when I got there with Hank asking for updates and stuff and she's like, you should sign him up for the app so that he can get the alerts. And I was like, okay, cool, cool. I will. And I signed him up, I went through, I took his phone and I went through like this entire like 10 minute process of signing him up for the app. All his information and stuff. I just signed him up for the wrong hospital. So he got no alerts. He just has an app. So if you ever lo if you ever need to go to that one though, you're good. Yeah. Panic attacks. No joke either. I would probably be at the camp beforehand where I was like panic attack.


Like just fucking, yeah. Don't be a bitch. That shit is no joke. Yeah. I have a newfound respect for panic attacks. I'm sure there's a lot of AWS that have gone through similar things and that's where I was like, I didn't want, I knew, I know people were gonna reach out to me and I knew that it was going to, like, I was having a lot of anxiety afterwards for like a, a week or two. So I knew people reaching out and telling me, you know, what to do or what they've experienced was gonna make it worse for worse for me. Worse. Yeah. So that's why I wanted to wait. It was Smart. It Was smart. That's no joke. Yeah. Yeah. Love all you guys. Alright. PFT. Alright. So I, I did not know that Hank was gonna be doing the serious one today, but I also have some news somewhat. Seriously, but it's good news.


Okay. But it's like kind of the same health scare thing. Hank knows what I'm talking about. 'cause you were there for it. Oh yeah, yeah. Holy shit. I didn't know we're doing this. Wait, what? Because I, I got the news on Tuesday, so I guess I'll, I'll back up to the start. Hank and I went to, this was Fucked. Oh, I know this, this, yeah. Oh shit. We're doing all this. I just got the news back on Tuesday and I'm, and I'm pumped about it now. Boys have been down. Yeah. So we go to the Sturgill Simpson show back in October. Right. We go, we have I think two beers before the show go inside and after about like three hours of the concert, 'cause he played for like the longest set ever. Standing up. Standing Up. It was, it was an awesome, awesome show.


And then after about like, what would you say, like two and a half hours, three hours? It was, I I literally was like, this has to be over soon. I remember. And someone was like, it's probably 15 minutes left. So it was probably two hours and 50 minutes. Yeah. So it was a long time to be standing there. I start to like focus on my breathing 'cause I'm having problems breathing. Next thing I know I'm on the ground. Chaps is stabilizing my neck. Hank is trying to like block me out so that like people aren't staring at me or whatever. I just passed out, hit my head on the ground and I got taken to the like backstage area at the Salt shed, great people at the Salt Shed. And they ran me through like a bunch of tests, checked my blood pressure, which is like super, super low. And Hank I don't remember that much about being in that room other than being very, very confused about what was happening.


But Hank was saying that I kept saying, I don't think my head hurt meanwhile is rubbing my head, head and wincing the entire time. So I'm, I'm there with Hank chaps and Donnie and I'm trying to figure out, they're like, do you wanna go to the hospital or not? And I felt like I was getting better. So I was like, no, just, just get me home. I just need to be home. So eventually we left and I was trying to think like, what the hell is going on? I didn't get, I wasn't hammered. I took one hit of weed and closed cigarette. Closed cigarette. And I might have had like a small dose of mushrooms. Small dose of mushroom, small dose. It was a, it was a, it, it wasn't, it wasn't my joint, but it, I also had, it was like a Keef joint, so it was like a, an a little bit more elevated Yeah.


Hit of weed too. So that I think played a factor And, and shout out to the people backstage at the Salt. We're not drug guys by the way. No. We're, No, no. Not Drug guys. Not at all. Not at all. They were like, yeah, we've seen like three other people pass out tonight. So I was, they try to make me feel better. Like I'm not the only one. Yeah. So I, they tell me like, go to the hospital, go to the cardiologist and get checked out and just make sure that everything's cool. So I scheduled an appointment, went to the cardiologist and they saw like something on the EKG and they were like, we're gonna schedule you for like every heart test known to man. So I was wear, I've been wearing a portable heart monitor under my shirt for like a month, I guess I was like a month and a half now. And then they put me through like a, a, a calcium scan.


They put me through like a, a ultrasound of my heart. All this shit gave me all these tests. And then the full body, the full EKG came back and he was like, yeah, I see like there's a couple blips on here, but it's nothing to be worried about. I'm like, okay, all right. Fair enough. I get an email like a day later and it says on the eek g printout, possible heart attack. Oh Yeah, I remember you telling me This. And it did say the words heart attack, but it said like, possible infarction or whatever. Yeah. And I'm looking at this like, what the fuck does that mean? I look it up and it says heart attack. So I had to call my doctor and he was like, yeah, I, I think the, the software just read it wrong. I don't think you had a heart attack, but we're gonna schedule more tests.


So then I do more tests and then I go in, last Friday I go in, I do a stress test on a treadmill when they had me hooked up to everything and then they looked at that, that was the last thing they were gonna look at. And just the blips on there was like no big deal. It's like if you haven't had enough sleep sometimes or Yeah, yeah. If you had like too many cups of coffee, sometimes it'll make that show up. But basically they were trying to figure out if I had like a, a leaky heart for the last like month and a half. But you don't, but I don't, and I got the, I got the results back on Tuesday, so in the clear on that one again, like hank not to get serious, but yeah, it's been, it's been a, a month and a half long fire fest. Yeah. Yeah. That was scary. Yeah. Yeah. That was another late night Hank call I got, he called me that night and was like, Hey, PFT like might have had a heart attack.


Yeah. Also, I was worried about Concussion. Yeah. Because I, I'd never passed out before my, it's scary to pass out, but the, I guess the real fire fest in all this. Can We, can I say the one funny part of this too? Yeah. Yeah. There was a lady who, who in the crowd was like, like, you know, we were huddled around and like chaps was on him and I was covering people up and the lady came over to help and was just like holding his leg. Like she got in the way and was like holding his leg up, like stretching. I don't know if that's like a thing, hand trick when things were going on, but she like took charge and was, I was, I wanted to be like, lady like, who are you and what are you doing? Like let go of his fucking leg. Yeah. Like she was like pushing his foot, like trying Yeah. Like stretching him out. Trying to Burp him. Yeah. The the first thing I remember is waking up chaps is above me stabilizing my neck, being like, buddy, can you hear me?


Can you hear me? And this lady is just grabbing my legs, holding, holding me back's crazy and be like, get his legs up, get his, and chaps is like put his fucking legs down. But then I guess the fire festival, this is finding out that the reason why I passed out at this concert was because I was dehydrated and I smoked weed that was too strong. So basically I'm a pussy. Yeah, But you're not, We're getting older. There was a report that came out that there was a rabies outbreak at Salt. She, yeah. Oh Yeah. Which I was like, for a second I got it. I read the report, the dates didn't line up, but it was like salt, she leads to like people passing out from rabies and I was like, oh my God, as rabies, There's, if there's one rabid bat that's in the crowd, there's probably another one.


And so I I saw that and I was like, fuck yeah. Yeah. Maybe I got rabies filming out the mouth, but yeah. Okay, so sorry to get serious again. Yeah, It's good. We want to flush it out before that year. Your broke your Foot doesn't feel so, so important now. Huh? Both of them are fine. Yeah, it's true. No, I'm a pussy. Oh, alright. My fire fest is quick. I've just been like rolling in and out of like being sick for the last two weeks because I was, it, I think it was Brown's Broncos Monday night I didn't get any sleep. And then I've just been worried about my other best friend. Why would happen Maybe having a heart attack. Yeah. I just haven't to get any sleep. Well, No, I actually do it.


I did, I, my I kids just bringing all types of germs. December on Saturday when Travis Hunter won the Heisman, I, I think I told you guys, but I, I was so sick. I puked seven times that day. Jesus. Seven times. First time Did you get out of going to the holiday Party? I did. I felt bad because people were treating me like, how's the holiday party? I was literally just like in and outta sleep and puking. Like I, I was having, it was a 24 hour, I probably sound, I, that's why my throat sounded bad on Sunday because I was so sick. But it was one of those like quick stomach viruses that you take a sip of water and just puke. And that was just all day Saturday Travis Hunter Day. Yeah, it's pretty bad because yeah, I did get outta go the party, but there was a, there was a fucking magician with a rabbit there.


So I miss the magician Somehow our bodies know when it's not a show day, Dude. You know, I literally like, we've, we've never had a a, a Flu Knock hum wood. Knock on wood. I, if I, I was thinking about that. If I had to do the show and actually that we have done Army Navy college football show like six years in a row And we didn't do it this year, but if I had to do a show on that day, I would've been fucked. Yeah. Because I still felt like shit on Sunday. But I was like not throwing up. But yeah, I was, I couldn't go 30 minutes without throwing up on Saturday. That sucks. Yeah. Yeah. And put Max as a broken foot. Still have three kidney stones working their way down, buddy. Yeah. No, that's worse. Eh? I don't know.


The broken foot Sucks. Yeah, broken foot. Broken foot. Well is your foot really broken? 'cause you don't need surgery? I, yeah, True. Did you told me that you probably didn't need surgery when you got surgery. Pretty much. Yeah. He's an athlete. Well, I, I said Doc, I'm not a pussy. Get in there. Look at my foot. Yeah, he's an athlete. Cut me. Okay. Good. Show boys. Reminder for next week we have a show. Monday we have a show. Friday, no show Wednesday 'cause it's Christmas. And then we're gonna do the same thing the week after show. Monday show Friday. No show Wednesday because it's New Year's. Okay. But we'll, we will see you, we will be recapping. Week 16 here. Numbers 17 11 8 3 37 94.


P 47. Jack 47 180 2 82. Love You guys.