
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music on today's Pardon My Take. We have two times Super Bowl champ. Tom Coughlin on the show. Great interview with Coach Coughlin. Got into Kalin time. His face melting in Green Bay Super Bowl runs with the Giants. His time with the Jaguars, we've got a lot of football to talk about. We have Davante Adams Jets News. We have Monday Night Football Talk. We have College Football talk, little Playoff Baseball sprinkled in Hot Seat Cool Throne and FAQ's PAC Show for everyone.


And it's brought to you by our friends of DraftKings, the best part of football season. Checking out the Postgame stats, which wide outs scored more than two tds, which QBs threw for less than 350 yards, which D lineman had more than two sacks. Now, if you think you can pick who will do what before kickoff, you gotta play pick six from DraftKings official daily fantasy partner of the NFL. It's super simple to get started. First downloading the DraftKings Pick six app. then select between two and six players and choose if they ll have more or less of a stat like yards, touchdown sacks, and more. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. And for all first time Pick six players. Check this out. New customers play $5 on your first pick set. Get 50 in Pick six credits. Jump in now to the new most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code take that's code take for new customers to play $5 on your first Pick six set and get $50 in Pick six credits only on DraftKings Pick six. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Bonus beds expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go Football. My my, yeah, my Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Jumping now to the new most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. download the DraftKings Pick six app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to play $5 on your first pick set.


Get $50 in Pick, six credits only on DraftKings Pick six. The Crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, October 16th, and the Jets have done it. They've hit the Davante Adams Jets button that he will fix everything for their season. It's Great. This is actually a masterclass in PR by Woody Johnson and his son, brick Johnson and the entire New York Jets organization because they didn't even let the media have a single news cycle where we're talking about what happened on Monday night. And also thank you for, for just wiping that memory of that game out of my brain immediately. Oh my God. And, we can talk about the reps In a little bit. So many calls, so many Flags. But this is, this is, this is perfect PR for the Jets.


You lose a Monday night football game and then next day you completely change everybody's mind. And now Jets fans are happy. Yeah, no Memes. Did you even have time to really get upset about this loss? No. I think a half hour into waking up the news broke. Okay, That's great. I Every team should be so lucky. Yeah. The fan base should be so lucky. You just that when you have an embarrassing loss, you wake up the next morning and you're like, oh, new Toy. It's literally the fix it button. You're two and four. You look like shit on Monday Night Football. Well, you looked okay at times, but you also had a Hail Mary Defense looked like shit. Defense Looked like shit. You fired your coach. Can't make a kick. Can't make a kick. You didn't even get the new coach bump. But Davante Adams, Jets And.


we did, we did say it. He, his post two weeks ago, Edgar Allen Poe famously lived in New York City. The end of his life at the End of the career. Yeah, That was, that was, that was exactly what happened. So Davante, Adams, Jets fix everything. Memes Fix everything. Can't stop the run. Davante Adams Jets can't make a field goal. Davante Adams Jets. Yep. Million penalties. Davante, Adams, Jets Gary. But Gary Wilson now getting squeezed out. Davante Adams Jets. No, not squeezed out. Well Squeezed in. Well he's the last two, two games. Garrett Wilson has been targeted a lot, but he's gonna lose targets. But then you put Davante, Adams Jets in the spots where he wasn't getting the ball. Mm. But what happens to Alan Lazar? 'cause he's gotta get his targets too.


He'll still get some, he'll get like the scrappy throws. The scrappy throw scrappy throws. You want more weapons? You want more weapons? You, we need as many weapons. Don don't think you heard memes, Big Cat when he said he is getting squeezed in? He's getting squeezed in. Squeezed in. Yes. He's further in. You're jamming all The way. Lemme ask you a question, Aaron Rogers. He's gonna getting more opportunities to be open. Let me ask you a question. Memes, how, how much, what do you think Garrett Wilson and Aaron Rogers relationship where it's at, if hypothetically Aaron Rogers next year, at the end of this year said, this Jets organization is a dumpster fire. I want to trade, I wanna go to the Vikings. Do you think he brings Garrett Wilson with him? Because that's really the sign of whether Aaron Rogers loves you or not. I think he would. I don't, I don don't think, don don't think the Vikings could afford Gary Wilson But.


yeah. Well This, this is perfect because I, I have been hoping for the last two years that the, the way this would all shake out for Aaron Rogers is he goes to the Jets and then he goes to the Viking Standard screw. He does the Brett Fav. Yeah. Like the guy, he started his career out hating the most. It's like you become your parents at, at some point in life when you get older. Yeah. And then Aaron Rogers just goes on to commit welfare fraud. I got a Question. I think that'd be awesome. I got another question for you. Memes. This is me reading a, a tweet and I'd like you to comment on it. Aaron Rogers wanted Davante Adams Jets and got him. Aaron Rogers had no opinion on whether Robert Sala should be fired. And then it's a meme of Dr. Evil saying, right? Oh, it's the Dr. Evil.


It's classic. Was that Nathaniel Hackett that did That? No. Well, he probably liked it. Yeah. Did Florio tweet That that was Florio's tweet? Yeah. Makes a pretty good point. Makes a pretty good point. I I think Aaron Rogers just works there. I don't think Aaron Rogers has any, he has no say, has any say he was as surprised as you or me when we found out that Coach SLA was fired. You Think he actually, he, he probably had to ask like, whoever the big dom is in the Jets organization, he probably had to ask him for Woody Johnson's number this morning to be like, Hey, can we please have Davante, Adams, Jets? 'cause they'd never, they'd never had that kind of relationship before. What you think Woody Johnson was like? Actually Aaron, that's a great idea. Yeah. Shit. Thanks For bringing that up. I'm surprised it hit it took that long. Hit the button. Hit the button.


It, it does feel like you forgot your wife's anniversary and then you show up the next day and you bought her a car. It's, yeah, that's kind of what, what's going on with the Jets right now? Remember Kobe after the Colorado and then his wife had the biggest ring ever at the press conference? That's what Davante, Adams Jets is for you. Hey, hey, hey. Please, please, Hank. I I have a quote, another quote on, oh, I like Just reading quotes. I'm not a big Jets fan. In case you don't, don't know that. I thought Coach Sah really did a good job with this team. That's kind of what it's been here, there with the Jets. They've barely won over 30% in the last 10 years. The owner being the owner ready, fire, aim. So Hank before memes chimes in that guy, sounds like he, there's no way that person knows anything about football.


Right? Sounds Like his last loss was against The Jets or the Jets. Oh. Does that person know anything about football? Yeah, it was Bill Belichick. Oh shit. Bill Belichick wouldn't know anything about coaching for the Jets Twice. He did it twice. Memes. I fucking hate Bill Belichick. But Bill Belichick does not like the Johnson family At all. No shit. Yeah. You think, do you think You, was it, was it the part of the quote that he said you, what did, what what'd he say about him? Ready, fire, aim. The Owner Being the owner. Yeah. Ready. Fire aims the owner. Being the owner. It's Great. They've barely won over 30% in the last 10 years. The owner being the owner, anytime you have to double a name, it's like Manny being Manny, the owner being the owner.


Nuff said Belichick on, on the Manny cast is the greatest. It's so fun. He's the greatest TV of all time. I hate it. He just gets so mad when They have anybody else on I, I change the channel. But when it's Belichick, that's good stuff because Belichick, it feels like he's been waiting all these years to get all these takes off. And he finally has a platform where he feels comfortable just like unloading on people. He was getting so mad every time they, they didn't keep contain on Josh Allen last night. Yeah, well you gotta fucking keep him in there. There And just having Eli's presence there is enough to piss him off. Yeah. So he gets in that mood where he's like, oh, I, I need to turn on somebody else. 'cause I have to look at Eli. Yeah. So memes, you got Davante, Adams Jets to fix everything. Can we talk about the game though? Because you guys are not good.


Yeah. I'm Which ass aspect? I, I thought the offense looked fine. I I thought the offense looked okay. Yeah. Yeah. It wasn't, it, it was better than what it was. And then you rely on your defense and then the defense just looked like absolute shit from the first drive. Yeah. You Did get seven points though from a Hail Mary, which you can't, I guess with Aaron Rogers you probably can rely on that because he's just, IIII tweeted at the moment like the fact that when he goes back, first of all the bills rushing two was so idiotic, but when he goes back for hail Mary in my head I'm like, this is a 50 50 shot. Yeah. I, which is insane. I Expect it to happen. Yeah. What if the Jets just ran an all ha hail Mary offense? Like if they got past the 40 yard line.


Yeah. Why not just throw the ball four times in a row into the end zone? Teams wouldn't be ready for it. Although I would imagine the pass rush would probably be a problem. I actually think they wouldn't rush two every time. The first time they did that, they'd probably get a touchdown. Yeah. In their first four attempts because they'd be like, surely they won't run the Hail Mary again. Yeah. And then just keep doing it. It was an Yeah. I expected the pass to be caught. He's got the perfect trajectory on his Hail Mary's. I I don. He's figured it out. Don't I? I don't think Rogers was bad per se. The last play, obviously everyone's debating that was Vintage Rogers kind of hero mode where he, he did have Bri Hall. don don't know if pre hall would've gotten the first down, but it was third down so you had another down to work with. Yeah. It, it did look like he had a, like a mild run priest hall, like of open space.


But everybody was running back because they saw Aaron Robert. Correct. And that, that is, that's how his la his last play with the Packers remember was the exact same play where he threw it deep and I think he had Lazar underneath And. it was just, it was hero ball. He goes into hero ball every now and then. But I didn't think, I didn't walk away from that game saying, oh, Aaron Rogers is totally washed or anything. I thought the refs ruined that game to such an insane level that like, I was starting to not like football for a minute there when they did the, when they flagged during the commercial break. Yeah. Our guy Dion Dawkins got flagged in the middle of the commercial break. I was like, this is, they're just doing everything Here. And then somebody on, on the jets got flagged for an inappropriate discussion with With the referee.


Yeah. And then there were several plays. I think there were multiple plays in the fourth quarter where there were flags on both teams. And. it was just every single play had happened. And, it dawned on me. I think the NFL has too many rules. Yeah. I think we need less rules in the NFL. It has to be a one in one out policy. Whenever the competition committee gets together, they figure out a new rule. Yeah. You can add that rule, but you gotta take one out. So hip drop tackle got added and offside gets taken away. Exactly. Or you can take out like hands to the face. Who cares about hands to the face? No, I don't care about hands to the face. Nobody Cares about The face hands. The face shouldn't count unless the helmet comes off. All Get rid of the rule that says that you can't advance a punt. Yeah. You Should be able to advance a punt if it's, if it's muffed. What I, there was an unnecessary roughness on a pass block where the A guy just, there was no hands of the face.


Yeah. Yeah. He, he just got pancaked. You know what he did? I'd never seen it before. It was crazy. He finished the play. Yeah. Yeah. It Was insane. That's like what you're taught to do as an offensive lineman. It was that it, the both roughing, the passer calls were egregious. Rogers even said it. He was like, yeah, that was, that was a terrible call on on when roughing the passer on Josh And. it was a terrible call when they called it for me too. So, like, I appreciate Rogers just saying that he ripped the refs afterwards. He's gonna get big time. Fine. But guess what? Davante Adams. Jets. And that's the Aaron Rogers rule too that he got. Yeah. Was the body weight landing on him at, at that point? What do you do if you're the defender? You've got him wrapped up. You're trying to strip the ball out, lose weight, you gotta lose some weight and you have to defy the laws of physics in midair. You gotta, you gotta like, you put a shot of ozempic and you as you're bringing him down, It's insane that, that was nuts.


The, the Tuck rule that wasn't Yep. He called Aaron Rogers, I think on the field. They said it was a fumble and then expedited review jumped in and instantly expedited review said No, that's an incomplete pass. Then McDermott tried to challenge the expedited review and you can't really challenge the expedited review. Yep. But I did like the expedited reviews that actually had been working. There was a couple times the, the Garrett Wilson touchdown where the ref was just staring at it. Yep. And. it was so obviously a touchdown. And they just immediately like, yeah, that was a touchdown. I actually think that they did the, they expedited the expedited review too fast. Yeah. On the, on the Tuck rule play. Because don don't think that they realized exactly what happened. And I think that probably should have been a fumble. The Good news is it was so bad.


It was just bad everywhere. So we can't even don don't know if you can walk away being like, one team got especially screwed. 'cause everything was just bad. I thought The rest were gonna give us one. Yeah. And then Braille Allen scores and then holding. Holding. We're not, we're not getting shit. You should be allowed to hit the long snapper. That's another rule we can get rid of. Yes. Get rid of that one. No fair catches. I like no fair catches No illegal touching except for the Browns Quarterbacks. They need illegal touching. Quarterbacks have to, by the way, there's another team that played in this game, the Bills and they are back. Josh Allen was awesome. Josh Allen has been awesome. Do you know that Josh Allen has not throwing an interception this year? That concerns me. That's a bad thing.


Remember? I'm just Saying we gotta Be consistent All for all the, all the talk about all his turnovers. I also have a Josh Allen stat for you. The Glazing's crazy bro. But Josh Allen has the most passing in rushing touchdowns since the start of the 2022 season. And it's not really close. He has 99 Jalen Hertz his second with 81. Patrick Mahomes was 78. He was, I mean, and now he adds Amari Cooper who gets outta jail. Yeah. So it's like the the the bills hit the Cooper button. Yeah. But they didn't even need to. They didnt need to. They, they're four and two with what feels like a don don't wanna say commanding, but it does feel like a commanding lead in the A FC East because of who's in that division and how they've been playing.


And Yeah. I The bills that was a good win for the bills where it's like, you're coming off some questions. Two, two tough games. And they went into a tough environment on a, I would, going up against a team that just fired a coach is like, that's unfair advantage for the other team. Yeah, that's what I thought. The Jets, I did not factor in the fact that the defense would look a little bit worse and more disorganized. Yeah. Because they elevated their defense coordinator to head coach. Yeah. I didn't factor that part in. And They need Hassan Reddick who now is being shopped around. They have a tight window is what the, the report came out that the Jets gave him a tight window to call around and see if anyone else wants it. This Might be a buyer beware situation. Big Cat. I'm not sure if Hassan Reddick is necessarily the best team player.


Mm. But at least they'll figure out a price before which the Jet should have done. Yeah. So whoever, whoever trades for him probably talked to the agent, get the Rosen house, get the contract set up. Yeah. So I think he got fired by his agent. He did. Which it's very rare that that happens. Johnny Manzel got fired because They got, I guess the, the report was that they had a one year deal basically set that was gonna be pretty good for Hassan Reddick. And he was like, no. And his agency was like, well we can't, we can't do this anymore. You don't want this. Yeah. So I, I don don't know if any teams are gonna give up really anything of substance to get Hassan Reddick right now. Yeah. don don't know. The only team I could think would be the Eagles. That was crazy. There was, what was the third round pick you gave up for Davante?


Adams Jets Conditional. A third round That could become second. Pretty the same deal for Hassan Reddick. And if Hassan Reddick goes to an NFC team in a trade, it's go the second to Philadelphia automatically. Oh, so you're not, you're probably not gonna trade Hassan for to an NFC team then. Probably not. Yeah. Wait, well how's that a Oh, the Eagles had that in the, the Eagles had that. Wow. That you're not allowed to trade 'em to the NFC. That was, that's smart. Smart move by the birds. Good job By Howie. Howie. Howie. Just Max Outta curiosity, what did the Eagles give up for Jahan? Dotson? Who is not Davante? Adams Jets or Amari Cooper? They gave up a third. Okay, cool. Either way. I, I was impressed by the bills. Josh is, is awesome.


I mean, he's just, he's awesome. He's, he's, he now adding Amari Cooper, who, I actually think Amari Cooper would be good because he, it's not that Amari Cooper was bad this year. He just had Deshaun Watson and you could just see that he wanted to be anywhere but where he was. How good is this day for Ma Cooper? Yeah. You feel like Shawshank Redemption. Do you feel like you climbed through? Was it like 1500 yards of shit? It's incredible. And now you're out the other side. Good for him also good for the Browns. Just making Deshaun Watson's life that much more difficult. Torture. The torture cha the tor the torture keeps going. It gets even worse. I'm, I trade every single weapon they have and make him go out there and play. Don't let Nick Chubb play this year. I, I like Nick Chubb.


Save Nick Chubb. Yeah. Murray Cooper last year. Yeah. He had, he had 12 12 50 in yards. That's pretty damn good. And he's what, 29? He's 30 now. 30. He's 30. Yeah. He's he's younger than we always think. But. yeah. That's the bills. The bills look good. And And I also like the, the Taylor The corner rep who had the Guardian helmet on. Yeah. Who was out for a concussion. Still just going like headfirst balls to the wall. Yeah. Trying to kill people. Yeah. Respect that. Yeah. The guardian cap. I, I'm still not used to seeing the Guardian cap after. I think It kind of looks cool. I feel like in I don, when I watching that and they were saying it, I felt like he, because he was out with a concussion and they basically said, you can come back. You just have to wear the guardian cap. He's like, sure. Yeah. The, the NFL loves selling merch so much.


I wonder if they'll have a fat head, but it's a guardian cap. They'd need to sell Guardian. We caps for our hats. We should get, we should get a guardian cap Fathead on this wall. I Don don't know. Just it's growing on me. It's kind of just like, don don't know why it's a logo in a different fabric. Yeah. I'm like, oh, that's cool. Shockingly DeMar Hamlin doesn't wear the Guardian cap. No. DeMar Hamlin was out there snatching people's souls. Yeah. Just laying the lumber. Yeah. Pretty wild stuff. He's he's out there But. yeah. So, so to sum it up, jets, Davante, Adams Jets fixes everything in Bills they quieted. Any concerns that they would, that things were kind of falling apart with their last two performances. And I feel like they're in a good spot. Did you get any, like, any vibes from Ulbrich in terms of what we can expect from him?


Nope. I didn't either. I Just got a vibe that Nathaniel Hackett was sitting up in The booth being like, goddammit, that first drive, was it the first drive? The Jets went right down the field. It was the first, second Drive. Second drive, Second drive. And just him, like, it's kind of mean that he's still there. I think he called the Hail Mary. I think that was a Hackett special. You think that was a Hackett? Yeah. It's kind. Well there's All of, all of Aaron Rogers Hail Mary completions have been under the tutelage of Nathaniel Hackett. Not all of 'em. No. I don't think So. No. He is probably on the Jaguars for, for one of 'em. Yeah. Yeah. I mean he was, he was only I don. I, Nathaniel Hackett was only the Green Bay quarterback's coach. I wanna say for like two years.


It's three years. The Hail Mary whisper 2019 To 2021. Don don't think you could have a beard that long as a head coach. Oh, Oh. I was just about, I just said this to memes. Have we talked about how phenomenal his beard is? The beard is, but It's a defensive coordinator. The beard Is perfectly manicured. It Is a perfect beard. It looks almost fake. How good the beard is. And. It's Crazy. 'cause he's not, Aaron Rogers probably appreciates that. He's, He's not that old. Don't And we don't Shame having a little bit of gray in your beard around here. No, I'm, I'm just saying. All right. It's only 47. It is, it is crazy though. The, the lineup that he does on it, he must shave. He must shave that line twice a day. I think that's, you can't shave that in the morning and then have it pop at like 11:00 PM like he was having it pop.


You don't like the beard? No, I like the beard. I just think as a And it looks good if he's a defensive coordinator or regular like assistant coach. But What about McVay? What about LaFleur? They don't have long, like Santa Claus beards. They got Scruff. That beard demands respect. I disagree. I, I, I enjoyed. I'm just saying as in terms of if you're looking at a head coach, like if you're mocking up a head coach, when are you drawing In a massive beard? The lines on the beard are perfect. The lines are crazy. I I respect the beard as a man who's face ball. I could only dream of having a beard like that. However, I think it's too manicured for especially a defensive head coach. Yeah. Like he spends a lot of time working on the beard. I would like it to be a little scraggly.


A little more unkempt. I mean, look at those lines. Yeah. He uses a protractor to shave his beard. He's got a good beard. Hmm. But. yeah. I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna look at it more. Hank I still don't know anything about the guy. Yeah. He's just not giving us anything. I'm not gonna rule out your take Hank the beard just doesn't give head coach. Yeah. Vibes. I, I could see that is my take. Maybe go goatee. Goatee. Goatee should go back. Goatees are cool. Alright. It's weird how all these trades happened during the NFL owners meetings. Mm. That is interesting. Speaking of the NFL owners meetings, Jerry Jones is at the part of the season where he's threatening radio hosts jobs.


Yeah, I saw that. So he went on his Oh yeah. Bad birthday. Yeah. He did his hit on his, on the local radio that he does every week. And he basically was like, I'll find someone else to to, to ask these questions if you keep asking these Questions. Yeah. So they, they asked him about making personnel moves. Fair question. 'cause Jerry's the gm I would say. That's a very fair Question. And he said this is not your job. Should I do my Jerry Jones? It is his job. It is not your job. Your job isn't to let me go over the reasons. That's George Bush. I did something and I'm sorry that I did it. That's not your job. I'll get somebody else to ask these questions. I'm not kidding. Yeah. That's George Bush. You Gotta figure out what the team's doing. Right or wrong. If y'all are fi 85 or 10, lucky you need to come to this NFL meet.


I'm going today with 32 teams here. You're geniuses. And that was Jerry Jones. That was Jerry Jones. That was Jerry Jones doing. Thanks for Jerry Jones, George Bush for coming On the show. Impression. Also a little Mike Greenberg in there. Yeah. But. yeah. Jerry Jones is losing it. Yeah. Bad birthday for Jerry. Bad birthday for Gino too. It was just, maybe it's the opposite of having the baby bump if you have a birthday. That feels like it might be bad News. Trevor Lawrence won his only game this year On his birthday. Okay. Counterpoint. Yeah. Yeah. So it's hit or miss. But Jerry's upset. Mike McCarthy says he's, he's relishes the opportunity to correct this team. He was, he was just thinking about hot dogs. He was like two hours late to his, to his, to his press conference. Everyone thought he might've gotten fired Or got lost.


Yeah. He got, yeah. He, he was probably doing his hotdog. Yeah. He's probably just eating his hotdog. Okay. Should we talk a little baseball real quick before we do College? Football. Yeah. The Mets. Even the series memes. Congrats. That was a big day for you. They, the bats woke up right away. It was the greatest three innings and then it was the most stressful baseball game after That. Yeah. How do you feel about Diaz coming into pitch four outs? So based on everything that's been going on in the playoffs, it looks like a bad strategy because they get the one out and then they get like 20 minutes of rest and then they come back cold.


Yeah. So I don't love it. 'cause it kind of happened in the Stannick. Stannick came in, got the out, came in then got runners on second and first. So I don't love it. Okay. It felt like, yeah, a lot of Mets fans were panicking in that situation. But again, you had the first three innings. Great. First three Innings. Great First three innings. Maniah shoved Me and Max were talking about Ani. Okay. He shouldn't be leading off. Why? Because he was like over 19 with runners not on. Yeah. He was like, he was like six. He had 10 strikeouts for 19 with runner. Oh. For 19. No, I know. But then they, they showed the stat where he was like 16 for 18 with runners in scoring position or Something.


Yeah. So if you swap mooky bets with show hay, it's probably The greatest of all time. I'm gonna of all time. I'm gonna need show Hay to do something. This series. Not only because I said it on Sunday night, but also PFT told me that we're gonna bet show, hey, to hit two home runs every game. And I've been doing That. Well he almost had a game one and a single and I, I need three hits from him. Yeah. He almost did game one. He hit the, he hit the wall. Hank thought it was a home run and then he hit the warning track. We're we're on there. We're on that. We, it was a bad matchup with the pitcher last night. Maniah. I love his delivery. Yeah. It's crazy. Like the angle that he throws from, he basically does a pickoff move and then throws the ball to home plate every time. He, he, he throws a pitch and it's just gotta be impossible for a leftie to hit that.


Yeah. Don don't understand why every pitcher doesn't do that. I don, which sha maniah sucked. And then he just did that one thing to switch it up and now no one can hit him. Yeah. He turned it into Randy Johnson. If you're bad, just do that. Do that. And then you'll be good. And it will work. Like It's a, it's a completely different angle. He reinvented math. It's Crazy. All everyone, like everyone on the Phillies had great numbers against Maniah. Everyone on the Dodgers had great numbers against Maniah, but it doesn't matter 'cause he's just a different pitcher this, this year than he's ever been. Yeah. Yeah. It is smart. I don't know why more people don't do it. I guess not everyone can do it. Right. I feel like you can just pitch, just do the thing that he does before the game. Just go from one bullpen mound and pitch to the other catcher.


Yeah. He kind of has like a Chris sail delivery down. Yeah. He just, he's just Chris Sail. Is that what he does in the bullpen? He in the bullpen. There's the two mounds. Yeah. The catcher lines up Bless to the right mound or to the right plate. I, I get it. And he throws from the left mound. I get that. I just didn't know that he did that before Every game. No. Yeah. That's how he warms up before every game. That's very shit smart. Do it. The Mets are doing something very smart. Yeah. And then the other series, the Yankees beat the Guardians. John Carlo on fire. Did you see that picture of John Carlo wearing a tank top at the press conference? He's just, he's the most Jack Guy ever. He basically hit the moon with that home run. Yeah. I think Soto's Home run was a unicorn I believe.


Love a unicorn. Yeah. It was only out in Yankee Stadium, but there was wind. So he did hit it harder than like, it wasn't like a real cheapy home run But. yeah. It feels like the Yankees, I guess. We'll, we'll we'll choose your own adventure. Gary Cole tonight, the, whatever he is. $300 million man. $400 million. Man. Is he going to earn his pin stripes tonight? He's gotta go out there and be a true ace Big Cat. Was that it last night? Yeah, it was a unicorn home run. Only out in Yankee Stadium. Yeah, those are awesome. Love That they make everyone mad. But again, he did hit it harder than there was wind. So he did hit it harder than like a little bloop But. Yeah. 110 miles an hour. Yeah. Unicorns make people so fun. Oh, there's Reverse unicorns too.


Yeah. I love those. What are those? It's only, it's not out. This fly out would've been a home run in every park except Coors Field. Oh wow. This is, this is from June. But That's pretty cool. Yeah. But it sucks when you bet on a guy to hit a home run and then he hits one of those. Yeah. The reverse unicorn. Yeah. The reverse unicorn sucks. But I, so Garrett Cole, what do we think? What do we think? This feels like a sweep. I don't think it's a sweep. $300 million, man. $324 million. Because I feel like there's too much at stake for Cleveland. This is the only thing Cleveland's got going right now. Yeah. They're bullpen's really good too. If they can just get a lead, I think. I think it's gonna be Yanks and six, It's be five one Yankees tonight.


I think it's be a Gentleman sweep. I think the the guardians will get one at home. Ah. You know what I like? Yeah. P ft six Yanks and six They'll get two. And Hank, Are you rooting for a Subway series? Yeah. At this point. For content. Just for how can you not just, just for the vibes. Yeah. I mean we always said like, we always joked about being in New York and them never even being in the, the championship. So it'd be funny if there was a subway series. I mean, it would be incredible content for our company. And just like I've said it, but like I just don't want the Yankees to fucking Win. But the, the, it would be so much pain for either side like that. I, I don't even think about like who wins and gets to talk shit. I just think about the devastation for the loser in that situation.


I would, it would be all Time. I would much rather see Yankees fans devastated at this point. For sure. Wrong. Yeah. No, it's like How long, how long after a World Series win do you think it would take for Frank to tank to go nuclear on the team and say how they'll never win another game again. The parade If That, if they did the parade route wrong. Yeah. Like the incompetent mess Incompetence. Yeah. Yeah. How could they only do it here? No. Yeah. I, I would be rooting for the, the Mets in that World Series. Anyone but the Yankees. Yeah. And obese. I think the Dodgers have a better chance. But Yankee Max will be, will be in full Pin Strike Max. Oh, pinstripe Max Will be go crazy. Won't ask for pinch stripe, Dan to come back. I, I mean John Carlos getting me close 'cause he is just, he, he keeps hitting bombs.


Wow. Pinstripe Max send New York, You're Suggesting? Oh yeah, you should. Okay. Should we talk some College Football. Let's talk. That was an awesome College Football Saturday. I have a belief now that College Football is better than it has ever been. And I know there was a lot of handwringing going on with all the changes happening. But we're now in a spot and there's gonna be more change. I get it. Expansion, all that stuff with the NIL. We talked about it last week, but the NIL and the portal flattening it out. So there's, it doesn't feel like this year, maybe Texas, but it doesn't feel outside of Texas that there's those like two or three super teams that no one has a chance against.


The conference expansion has been awesome because you had games that were very meaningful and like big time games that you never would've had. Oregon, Ohio State was awesome. And then you also had on Saturday, like the classics, you had LSU and Ole Miss, which was a great game. You had Tennessee, Florida, which was a great game. And the fact that the col the expanded College Football playoff, everyone's like, oh, the regular season won't matter. I think it actually matters, like in a weird way, more in the fact that we have true elimination games coming up where you're gonna get a chance to, like you have games that now have stakes that wouldn't have had stakes beforehand. Like LSU and Texas a and m play I think next weekend. That's an elimination game.


Yeah. There's gonna be a ton of them. There's, that's an elimination game. There's gonna be a ton of them now. Tennessee. Tennessee and Alabama could end up being an elimination. Like if Tennessee takes a second loss, then Tennessee's rest of the season they have to win Alabama. Same thing with them. Georgia. If Georgia loses the Texas this weekend, they play Ole Miss November 9th. That will be an elimination game. 'cause Ole Miss has two losses. I like the fact that there's a little bit of wiggle room too. Yeah. If you have a, if you have a bad loss to a Vanderbilt, guess what? You can let that slide for Vanderbilt, By the way, Is not a bad loss. They're not, they turn out not be. They're five a Bad loss. Yeah. 'cause their quarterback is legit. Legit. Yeah. But I, I like the fact that there's a little bit of room for makeup. If you're one of these top teams. Like if you, in years past, if you lose a game in October, guess what?


Chances are pretty good. Yeah. If you have one loss, you might, and especially in your conference, if it's Georgia that's better than you, or if it's Alabama, that's better than you. Chances are pretty good. You're not gonna get to have a meaningful postseason game. And now I I I mean I'm very excited for the playoff. The playoff is gonna be Yeah. Electric because It does feel like there's a lot of teams that are, again, outside of Texas and we'll find out how, just how if Texas is that much better than everyone this weekend against Georgia. But it does feel like there's five or six teams that are kind of all in that same spot that could beat anyone, could beat anyone on any Saturday. Whereas in the past it's been like, all right, well it's Alabama, Georgia and maybe Clemson when they were rolling. Yeah. Or Ohio State when they were rolling That, that Ohio State, Oregon game was so good back forth.


It was The perfect College Football game. It was the, the weather, the the sun setting, the vibes, the big plays back and forth. Puddles. Puddles. And, and I didn't walk away from that game. So there's two ways to think about, obviously Ohio State fans are gonna say, same old Ryan Day. He comes up short in these big time games. He's two and seven now against top five opponents. He has had some close calls, obviously that playoff game where they, they missed the kick against Georgia. There was the one against Clemson as well. They've had some close calls. They, they find a way to come up short in these big moments though, that has to nag Ryan Day and Ohio State fans.


But I went away from that game being like, well, Ohio State is still one of the best teams in the country. They lost by one point in a really tough environment. I can't wait to watch these two teams play again. I think that throughout the years of Pac 12, for those people that don't stay up after dark to watch the the Pac 12 games, you lose track of what a hard place to play Eugene is. Yeah. It's a very, very tough stadium. Dan Lanning's a coach. Dan Lan A really good coach. A great coach. He had the 12 men on the field in in the moment. don don't know about you. Big. Cat. But I saw that and I was like, that's that's the buddy Ryan Polish goal line defense intentionally put 12 guys out there, but kind Stupid. And then people said, no, it's not. That was a mistake by the defense. Then landing kind of confirmed that they did it on, on purpose.


He smiled. Yeah. And now the NCAA is looking into punishing Oregon for doing that. Which would Be crazy. There already is a punishment for it. It's called having too many men on the field. Five yards. And that's what's in the rule book. If you want to, I feel like if you, if you wanna punish them more, you have to change the rule before the next season starts. And don't like punish them for breaking a rule. No, intentionally. No. It Was your rule. So Dan Lanning coach, great game. He's got insane talent in Oregon. He's an awesome coach. Like he's one of those coaches. If you watch like this guy was born to coach College Football at a high, high level. I weirdly think that 12 men, which was intentional 'cause they took a time out right before to, to assume in the big moment that he, he doesn't have control of like who's on the field.


But weirdly unlike Buddy Ryan, where the, the, the whole point of the Polish defense with Buddy Ryan is it's a goal line situation. So every time you get a penalty, you're, you're never gonna get into the goal line or into the touchdown end zone with a penalty. So you just go like an inch, an inch, an inch. If Will Howard had, if Will Howard had looked up and and done quick mental math and spiked that ball, it would've backfired. Yeah. Because that would've been the play. Or if he had slid like two yards earlier. No, no, but I'm saying like, on that play. 'cause if he, if he sees that it's 12 men and he just spikes it, they called the penalty. 'cause that whole point was Oregon got four or five seconds burned off the clock and only had to give up five yards. There was a world where will Howard, if he had been aware of it, it could have backfired on One.


I feel like that's a lot to ask of a quarterback in real time though. 'cause you're probably looking at coverages, trying to figure out where you're going with the ball. I don't know. And to also be able to count 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and get up to 12 and be certain of, 'cause imagine if you were wrong. Imagine if there were 11 Guys. No, of course. But there was, they thought There 12. That's more, They did have 'em all playing And. it was a dead ball situation. It was off the timeout. So it wasn't like he was rushing to the line. The co that's on like the coach to, to call that out on the quarterback. That might be a Lot. Ryan Day was, he was yelling it. It Might be be a lot to ask if you're the quarterback looking at that in real time to to know for a fact. They're 12. So Ryan Day should have yelled at You. He should have yelled louder. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe the beard got in the way. Yeah. It's a bad beard guy. Well, he came, he came up just a little bit, a little short there. That's just Ohio State. That's like that.


That's the Ryan Day, Ohio State. He, he preaches all the time. Like leave No doubt. That's his big mantra. Leave no doubt in the big games. And they keep having these moments and I just think, I don't know if it's 'cause Yeah, I I will Howard like he's trying to make a play. But is that something where Ryan Day should have explained it to him? Like, Hey, look, this is exactly how, how much time you have, you have to make sure. I think that's on Will Howard during the play to get down Will of course. Still time left. of course. Like if just two, three yards earlier. Leave two seconds on the clock. But it, it goes back to, remember last year when Ohio State beat Notre Dame and that big game and Ryan Day went after Lou Holtz and stuff. There was another moment in that game that was like, Ryan Day just feels like he, he's doing the things that some of these coaches, high level, high level coaches, an Urban Meyer, Jim Harbaugh, bill Belichick, these guys, Nick Saban would never make this mistake.


The, that game. Ohio State scored a touchdown with one second left to go up two and he kicked the extra point. That was so stupid. He never should have kicked the extra point. They should have nailed it because the only way that Notre Dame has a chance to tie this game or is to block the extra point and run it back for two. Yeah. Like those are the little details that Ryan Dayes misses and Yeah. It's just, but I, again, I think Ohio State's still gonna, will Howard played well? Dylan Gabriel, I wish Dylan Gabriel, I said it in the moment. He's one of those guys I want, I want him to just have a job for life in College Football like Cam Rising. Yeah. He Should. Cam Rising did come out and say that eight years is too much. Well he he's eligible though.


Yeah, but He said eight years is Too much. We can change his mind. He also just gets injured every single time he plays. So I can't, I don't, I I like camera rising. I can't have camera rising in my life anymore. Eight years. I, I think we can change his mind. Cam College Football iss better with you in it. He came back from an injury that we was, that was cloudy and everyone didn't really know what happened and then got rolled up on in the first like five minutes of the game against Arizona State. Yeah, Arizona State by the way. And so here's my last point about the bigger College Football you have now all these teams that in last year's iteration or you know, before with the 14 playoff would never, you would never say they're still in it, but like an Arizona state, they got one loss.


They're still in it. SMU, Texas Tech, like some of these teams that, like they don't play in the big, in the Big 10 or the SEC. If they catch a loss, they're never gonna get in wazoo who's an independent, if they run the table, they have a chance. Like cl Clemson obviously they, they probably will win the a ccc Do we Forget about Clemson? No, I have not. They've been killing people. I think as a, as a collective society, we have forgotten about Clemson. I have not because I've been betting on 'em and they've been winning every single week. Yeah. Clemson just, they, they, they tricked us. Well they just aren't as good as Georgia. Yeah. And, but it's just, it feels like there are so many games every single weekend that are high level games and there are more teams that are now in the mix and have a chance.


I just, I love it. I think College Football is in a great place and I know that there was a lot of people who were worried in the direction it was going to. I love it. I don't know anybody though that was worried about the playoff. Oh yeah. Being a negative, like I, oh yes, there were, The playoff was just guaranteed good times. Our guy Tom Ferelli. Yeah. Yeah. Tom Ferne. There Was a lot, a lot Of people I used to former College Football Expert, Andy Staples, co-host Ari, who I like and is a very smart guy. He doesn't like it. Like there's a lot of people who didn't like the playoff because they, the big argument was the regular season. The reason why College Football is so fun is the regular season matters more than every other sport. I, the regular seasons still awesome.


I think sometimes College Football like did die hard, die hard. Pure College Football fans are resistant to any change that makes it even comparable to the NFL. But there was a lot of pushback on the, on the, On the, the core team did hear we're not the NFL. We don't need a playoff. Yeah. Playoffs are good. Guess what? College basketball has the best playoff. Yeah. In the world. Maybe you could take a page from their, their book and be like, yeah, we'll include a, a couple more teams just for Mac. You're gonna get so many more viewers too in December and January. It's gonna be awesome. Yeah. And Texas, to me, Texas will learn a lot about them this weekend. I feel like they're inevitable. I feel like this is Texas and then everybody else. Yeah, This will be, this will be the big weekend. Georgia will be a, a big test for them Because the Red River S out is, is the one game where no matter which team is good and which team might be having somewhat of a down year, it's usually a lot closer than that.


Oklahoma couldn't do shit against Texas. No. Oklahoma's in a bad, bad spot. They got no offensive line. They got no quarterback, no wide receivers. Maybe no coach. Maybe no coach. Penn State two. We should mention James Franklin with, I wouldn't say it was like a statement win because US C's not like a top 10 team right now, but still the way that game was going, it felt like another fall on your face. James Franklin moment down 20 to six at half Tyler Warren with one of the craziest days. He had 17 catches, like 242 yards. He wears number 44, which is awesome. He played running back quarterback wide receiver tight end and center.


Took snaps at all of those positions. Sean Peyton's definitely gonna draft him. It was awesome. That was an awesome, awesome game. It was. And then so it turned, it flipped from, oh, here goes James Franklin again to Oh, stinking Riley. Yeah. Lincoln Riley, his defense. Hot Seat, Colin Coward. Big time. Hot Seat, big time Hot Seat for Lincoln. Do you wanna pull up the Colin Coward video? The Colin Coward video is one of The weirdest things ever. The douchie video of all time. You see this video? I did. Yeah. Oh my God. I think he's playing a character to be a douche, but he nailed the character. All right. I'm playing it. Some of you guys are gonna owe Lincoln O'Reilly an apology.


don don't know if these Big 10 teams can handle coming out west the sunshine, the distractions of la Probably not. We look at the halftime score on a cosm. Oh, they're in a commercial, whatever. I don't hold grudges. Apologies accepted. Look at the halftime score. He, he sounds like Joel McHale playing Craig Kilborn. Yeah. Look at the halftime score. I don't hold grudges. Yeah, I I mean he's playing a character there. But it worked because it pissed me off seeing that and then it was just an all time old takes exposed Lincoln Riley, I feel like, I feel like this might be time to ask some tough questions if you're a Trojan.


Yeah. Yeah. They, I mean they're, they've been in all the games. It's not like they're getting embarrassed. But. yeah. They've, their, their defense, which is better has failed them late. The good thing if you're Lincoln Riley though, is you can always, it, it's kinda like Coach Cal in the NBA for Lincoln Riley. He can get the best quarterback recruits in the country by saying like, here's who I've coached. They're all in the NFL. So every year, even if he has a down year, he's already reloading with a five star. Yeah. And then you're afraid to fire Lincoln Riley because you might lose that quarterback. Yeah, that's facts. Good job, sir. Job for life. We also had Mike Gundy and his bi-week got headbutted by a bull.


I saw that. Yeah. Or a cow, which was awesome. He's got a, a bloodshot eye. Yeah. Mike, Oklahoma state's having a tough year. He's had bloodshot eyes thousands of times, thousands of times behind the wheel. Ah, we should give an update. Tyler or Travis Hunter did get hurt, but I've, but it's fine. Reached out sources. I texted Dion. I said, is he okay? He said, yeah, okay. Alright. Best football player in the country. He didn't say whether he was a starter or anything, but he just said, I just said, is he okay? I probably should have asked. No, I Think they just said that he's gonna play. Okay, great. Good, good. All right. I I, now that I'm playing back in my head, I probably should have asked a more direct question than is he Okay. No, that's all I need. Is he okay? Just like Yeah, he's okay.


He's gonna be fine. That's all I need. Did you just say Travis Hunter or just No, I said is Travis Hunter Okay. And then he said, yes, he's fine. Also, Billy Napier is a coward. An absolute coward. Yeah. For the way that Tennessee, Florida game ended. Yeah. You have your backup quarterback in. Yeah. I think you had had your backup running back in. Right? Yeah. Your big underdogs against, you might say, you know, top three biggest rival, but it's always a rivalry game every year. Oh, a hundred percent mean it means a lot. You have a much worse team to begin with. And I don't know about that. Tennessee's not Tennessee's strong, I think, I think Tennessee's definitely better than Florida. They are, but they're not. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. They're not what we thought they were. Oh no. Tennessee is not like a top three team in the country.


Yeah. Yeah. But my point is, if you're Florida, you're playing with all those factors against you, against a much better team than you Yes. Agreed. In their house. Agreed on all that. And then you get to the end of regulation and you have an opportunity to go for two and have one play from two yards out to win the game. Yep. You typically wanna take that and what, what he did, what Billy Napier did, I think he sent like a fake, a fake extra point team out onto the field. Right. Like he, he set up in a weird swinging gate type formation. Yep. And then they called a timeout and Billy Napier's like, ah, you got me. Okay, I'll just kick it then. I guess You're getting fired anyway. Dude, dude, just win the game. Just try to win the game. That, that would be such a good way for people to at least have one good memory of you from your last season.


Yes. Is if you beat Tennessee who had national championship aspirations at the start of the season, if you beat them in their house, good for you. People might not you, you might be able to open up a car dealership in Gainesville one day. Yeah, Yeah. No, he's getting fired. Anyway. This is so stupid. It's so stupid. Ashton Gente also. Yeah. He keeps playing really well. There's nothing I can see. He's, he's so good. I'm, I'm done pretending to, but his Games are super late. What, what beams did you bet him? No, I said to Max. I was like, he didn't play that well. And then he was like, he had two over 200 yards. Yeah, he over 200. Guess why had 300? The Only thing he did, he did it at like two in the morning. That's the only thing we can say. We're, we're basically at the point where he's so good. All we can do is just root for time zones.


Well, I'm rooting for time zones and I'm also rooting for him to take into account his future earnings. Yeah. And hopefully, hopefully just maximize his NFL potential. Boise. He's playing for a playoff Spot. I know Also memes mentioned Army, Navy both ranked Yes. Yep. Which is awesome. Top 25. And they both play nit Notre Dame. So those will be elimination games. I would love for Army Navy to get into the College Football Playoff. Yeah. I I think if, if one of those two teams finishes the season undefeated, I think they will be in it. Yeah. Yeah. Because Yeah, they, yeah. And it would be great. And, we Be great And. we hope for Big 12 chaos and for Navy to get a buy. What If, what if would that be? Yeah. Would that be the, the craziest sports story maybe ever.


If let's say Army won the first expanded playoff. Yeah. If they won four games in a row against all the big dogs, that would probably go down as the craziest sports story ever. I think the coolest thing ever would be if they were both undefeated going into Army, Navy game. The winner, ghost the play. No, They're not allowed to count that. What They'd already I think they announced the playoff before that. That sucks. Yeah. 'cause what That would be the coolest thing ever. You know what would suck is they should change that. What, what if the loser of that game is the team that gets in and then the winner of that game is undefeated and then they have to sit at home. The troops deserve better.


I I, yeah. I don't know. It would also rock if, if they Should change That. What if Army got a, a home game at West Point? Ooh, that would be awesome, wouldn't it? America, that would Be awesome. It'd be good for America. Oh, maybe it's not. When's Army-Navy? I think it's right after they make the announcement. Army-Navy 2024. Yeah. It's the, no, it's the week before I, the, the Sunday December 8th is when they announce it. And then Army-Navy plays the next week sucks. But maybe they'll both get in. Yeah. I want one of 'em to get in so bad. That would be so cool. Again, it would be the, it would be one of the craziest sports stories of all time if they ran the table and they just triple option to imagine, imagine Army going and triple optioning Ohio State to death with, with linemen that weigh like, you know, a hundred pounds less than their linemen.


Yeah, that'd be crazy. Army Would get all the calls too. They would have to. Yeah. Would have to. Also, max, did you see that one video? There's going semi viral. USC does a thing where if you donate a certain amount of money, you get to run out with the team. And a Penn State fan did it and was just running in full Penn State gear. I did not think that. So how do they not think that through? That's smart. That smart. How do they think that that's, How much money did that cost? It was like 1500 bucks. Not that much. I Love That. It's crazy. Like so, so stupid And. it also, I, I watched the whole video, like, that's an awesome thing to get to do to run out.


You run out. Right. I think they ran out either right after the team or right before it still The, the chem trails of the, of the flyover and everything and everyone going crazy. That's a once in a lifetime thing. Where Where's this guy? Was he wearing like full Pad? Look at, look at him. Oh yeah. He's just full Penn stake here he is running out and it's just all other USC, a couple of USC like boosters and stuff running with him. But he's just screaming. We are as he runs out of the tunnel. I love that. Yeah. They gotta think that one through. Gotta think that one through next time. And. we have a huge slate on Saturday. Again, this is what I'm saying. Like I know that a lot of these games would've happened anyway, but Well, no, Texas, Georgia would not have happened Right now.


Would definitely not. Right. So Purdue Oregon wouldn't have happened this weekend. Yeah. Everyone's ready for West Lafa. Purdue. Purdue, Oregon. Friday night. That's Purdue Oregon. Purdue. Oregon West Lafayette. That's Wow. It sounds like you don't have it on your calendar. No, that's the one. That's the one. 'cause we're talking about that on Sunday. The Spoiler makers. The spoiler makers, they play one fucked up game every year. I don't know if that, that might've been the Illinois game. Friday Almost under the lights in West Lafayette. They were down like three scores at halftime. And. it went to Overtime and lost by three. That might've been A stadium of 60,000 dudes screaming at you. Yeah. We're also gonna find out what Indiana's made of. 'cause they've been a great story. But they played absolutely no one and they played Nebraska this week.


Coach SIGs. Yeah. But this is like the First He's great. I told Will Compton before the season started, I said, when do you guys play Indiana? 'cause he was counting his wins and losses. I said, that's gonna be a big game. Yeah. He laughed at me. Will Compton laughed at me. Well, one, one team's ranked. It's not Nebraska. Hmm. That's interesting. That's interesting. Okay, let's do Hot Seat Terone. Then we have Tom Coughlin a great interview with him.


Hot Seat Terone is brought to you by our friends at Amazon Prime because Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video. This Thursday, it's Sean Peyton's homecoming as his Denver Broncos take on his former team, the New Orleans Saints. Join Al Michaels, Kirk Kbt Street and Kaley Hartung for a game you don't wanna miss. I'm excited for this matchup. Anytime you get a little, we get some Sean, early Sean Peyton pictures. He's going to get cheered and booed. Maybe coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party TNF tonight. Live from New Orleans. Not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Broncos and Saints at 7:00 PM Eastern. Maybe a Tribute video for Coach Peyton. Yeah, I think so. That would be Nice. It's the Broncos and Saints at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football. And it's on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Coors Light. Half the fun and watching College Football is predicting which rivals will win every week. Coors Light teamed up with DraftKings for the free to play College Football pick 'em pools where you pick winners for a chance to win big. When the game is on the line, it's time to choose chill and then choose an ice cold Coors Light when you're looking to keep it chill. There's only one beer to choose. Coors Light the mountain's on the bottles and cans even turn blue when your beer is cold. So you know when your mountain cold refreshment is ready for you. When things heat up, it's a good time to choose chill. And then crack. Open a Coors Light. Make your heated picks with Coors Light and DraftKings. Choose Chill then enjoy refreshing Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by gonna coors light.com/take 21 plus eligibility restrictions. Apply void, wear prohibited sea terms at DraftKings dot com slash Coors. Like pick them. Celebrate responsibility. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Hank? Yeah. Hot Seat Terron. My Hot Seat is Joel and Beads passion slash love for the fans. What Do you mean? He did an interview and he said that if I had to guess, I would probably never play back to backs the rest of my career. Mm. Oh, But that's okay. They got Paul George. Yeah, they got Paul George. Yeah. Is he okay? He hyperextended his knee last night. Oh No. Play off PCL. You guys are prey Preseason. P He's fine. We would He's fine. Said he. I saw the d Do we do back to back podcasts and He's fine. Yeah. And I love, love it And. we actually Don't, yeah, we, yeah we do on holidays.


We do. Yes we do. Liar. Like a month ago. Liar. Like one month ago. Labor Day. Every year we go back to back. You Were probably on vacation. We don't do load management here. I I would do this. The show every day for free. Remember when we started this show and people were like every day that would've been a mistake. Yeah. Also, we used to record at like seven o'clock in the morning. Yeah. Just once. Mistake, Mistake. Yeah. I mean it's the people, people pay a lot of money to. I do feel bad to go to these games. They're, they're big fans of his and he is basically just tell him to fuck off. I feel bad For, I think the fans a Philly would refer him to be healthy in the Playoffs. Yeah. But that's not a guarantee. Yeah. Even when he does, I'll take, I'll take my chances. Anything to increase chances of him being healthy in the crowd.


So Why doesn't he just not play till the playoffs? Well, no one's. Well no one what? No, because he's gotta, he's gotta, Well, 39-year-old Tim Duncan played 16 back to backs in the 2014. Don't 2015 don't 10 max. Answer me this. You just said you would do anything to, to increase his chances to be healthy for the playoffs. He should just not play till the playoffs. But then he wouldn't be in game shape. Okay. But he will, he'd be healthy. But what Is game? What, what is game shape for Joel Embiid though? He usually gets injured. Sounds Like you wouldn't anything to increase his health for the playoffs. No, but because he ha because we wouldn't get to the playoffs. So How many games? Well, yeah, you would, you gotta to get the playoffs. You gotta to the playoffs last year. Not without Joel L and Bead. We were like the best. But he missed a lot. Yeah. But he, they were like The best team movies.


Playoff P is playoff P. Okay. Playoff P is fine. He said that he's fine. And the knee, the Knee went pretty far backwards. Well the, the tests say that he's fine. What Tests? They he got tests on his knee. Okay. Wait. I it Ben pretty far Max. I I Well he's fine. Are you sure? He is fine. He said he is fine. The tests, the test said he is fine. Test said he is fine And it's fucking, he's not, hasn't even started yet. Who cares if he missed three games in October? Is is Joe practicing and playing right now? He doesn't need to be playing. So, but what about game shape? He'll, that's throughout the year. It's October.


But he has, he's not even practicing. Don't care. Sounds like he might not be ready for game shape and that's how you can get injured. I do feel bad for LeBron James though. Who tweeted this out during the preseason. He said, can someone please explain to me while we're getting on a plane and heading to Milwaukee for one preseason game? And then all the replies to him were, because it's your job because you get paid millions of dollars to do this. Yeah. And You're literally, you you made it a family vacation. Yeah. Also, Bronny should get his own skin and Call of duty. Yeah. Come on Activision. Let's do It. What was your cool turn? My That that was you, you overreacted Max. Just from Hank just doing a Hot. Seat. That's not true.


The boys just gotta get ready for the playing tournament. You know, we're focused on that or not. The play in the in season tournament. Got it. Circle Got It. Circle My cool throne. I don't think Paul George's knees is gonna Be fine. I don't think either. Because usually the Sixers, when they say that when their players' knees is fine, it ends up not being fine. Agreed. My cool throne are space nerds slash rockets. Yeah. They caught a rocket. The Mecca Zilla has caught the super heavy booster. I love it. I was curious. PFT 'cause you're a a plane guy. Does that carry over to rockets?


Does being a plane guy carry a rocket? No. I don't know shit about rockets. But you're like, yeah, when you're, you're obsessed with planes. I didn't know if you, like when you see rocket People, I have a, I have a normal healthy interest in planes. The Video was cool, but people And it apparently was like, you know, a a historic thing that happened where they basically got a rocket to land. And so the Nerds freaking out was so funny. Yeah. I wish, I wish I, I wish I could, you know, see that video and feel the passion that they felt. 'cause there was a lot of, of passion and excitement over this rocket. It looked to me like basically they just took a rocket taking off and just reversed it. Which was So I don't know what that means. Oh, you saying It's a fake video? No, but I just don't know. I I was trying to see the hype. I think what the, and I didn't, I think We're Desensitized, but, but if you're a, if you're a nerd, space nerd or a rocket freak, like I, I think guys like you and I might be desensitized to it, Hank, because we've seen sci-fi videos are entire life, right?


We've seen movies about outer space. We've seen video games of rockets taken off and shit. And so seeing that happen in real life when I've seen it a million times on an Xbox is like less exciting than it should be because he did fire a rocket up into the stratosphere or whatever and then came down and got caught. So that means that now you can reuse rocket boosters, which is good. Yeah. I, I saw this video and I was like, I'm very dumb, obviously, but I was like, why didn't they just do that the whole time? Yeah. Just catch The rocket. Well that's what Elon said when, when, when we were throwing away or boosters. He's like, why don't we just bring it back? Yeah, just Catch 'em. It's not, it's not hard. Just catch 'em. What's the thing called?


The Mecca zilla? The Mecca Zilla was what caught it, it caught the super heavy booster. Okay. I think it's a good thing. Yeah. I mean people, the the space nerds are excited about it. So it cool throwing Whatever keeps Elon busy making cool shit like this and away from making just humanoid robots that one day will take all of her jobs. That's Bezos though. I'm, I'm fine. No, no. Did you see the, the Tesla thing? Oh, the cab. Well the cab and then he also had Oh, The cab was kind of cool. No, the cab was okay then they had the robots that were like walking around. Oh yeah. The robot bartender optimist. Yeah. Fuck that robot bartender. By the way, if I go into a, a bar and there's a robot bartender, I'm doing one of two things.


I'm either walking out or I'm putting a magnet on it. I'm gonna start carrying around magnets just, I like that. Fuck these things up. Although I do think it would be a good idea if, if Barstool Sports got one of the robot butler. Yeah. I think that would be a good use of our money. I Would like that. Good job, Hank. Thanks. You didn't steal mine, which I thought you would. Great Job Hank. Thanks. My Hot Seat is also having to do with preseason basketball. My beloved wizards who are losing every game by an average of 30 points. Which is crazy. But I'm excited because I, first of all, I feel bad for Cory Kiper. I like Cory Kiper. I we should trade Cory Kiper and then just run A-A-N-B-A jam style two-man team of Kuzma and Jordan Pool out there every game.


Yep. And then just lose every game. Because I've already decided that Cooper Flag's gonna be mine. What happens about the lottery Though? Cooper flag. Cooper flag happens, but the lottery Cooper Flag happens at The lottery. I don't want you to get hurt. Cooper Flag at the lottery. It's Cooper. I'm, I'm all in. I'm on Cooper Flag watch right now in dc. But the lottery balls could not go your way. No, that's not gonna Happen. You've literally never gotten the lottery Ball. That's not gonna happen. You're used to football tanka hon. Yeah. Basketball Tanka is a different, a different ball Game. Totally put it. It's still math. You Well they flatten it. They flag The odd. You're singled on one guy right now. What's, what's The percentage's chance that you get if you have the worst record? I think it's like 20%. Yeah.


20%. It's, they changed it recently to, to avoid PE teams like fully tanking. So it's not as high. Yeah. 14. What is it? 14. Yeah, 14%. And they flattened it. So it's like the top three worst teams. So they, they basically try to avoid this. Now I, and again, I don't wanna bring up anything bad, but you've literally never gotten the lottery ball This lot. It answer me this is this the lottery machine that they use for the NBA draft? It's basically the same thing. May as well. Well, because I got the other one. I got the other one. May as Well be. All I'm saying is I've never, I've never been as, as confident. I've never been as confident in my life of anything as the fact that the wizards are gonna get Cooper flag.


Okay. And I'm gonna be so happy. Wizards nets, pistons. And I believe from a quick glance, bulls are the four lowest projected wind totals. I don. And I feel like don don't Think you saw news. This Ball Lonzo's back baby. Everything's Gonna work. What? But once you want, I mean, if you No, yeah, I don't You'd rather be in the bottom four, right? Yeah. I don't think their bulls are gonna be good. The nets also be, And if it's those four, the, it's gonna be the pistons or the, or. I mean the, the nets or the bulls. Yeah. I Well the nets are the NBA's gonna rig it? Yeah. The NBA Will rig it for the, the bulls. The net. They would rigg it For the bulls. The nets. They have the nets beat us by 30 points last night. I think Preseason Maybe 35. But again, if it's the three, they flattened it.


So it doesn't matter. I just, I had a feeling, I got this feeling last night that Cooper flag is gonna be a wizard and it's gonna happen. I've never been more confident in anything. Would you? Oh, I was wrong. It's, it's nets, blazers, wizards, Pistons. I was gonna say Bulls don't, bulls gonna be, I missed a couple halfway decent ish bad Nets, blazers, wizards. They're gonna, if it's, if it's you, if it's you Blazers in in Pistons, You got a chance. Yeah. You pistons always just get the fifth pick. What you gonna say Max? Do you still want to have the worst record? I feel like you do. 'cause I, I feel like you still think that, that that will help you. It does, It does help you. I think when you first thought it, you thought it was just straight. It doesn't help you.


Worst record is the You get it. You, You didn't think I knew what the NBA lottery was. I don't Know. You still just said it. It does help you. It doesn't no, It does help you to have a worse record. No, No. The Worst. I know it's not the top Team. The worst Is not, I know it's not the top team. You, You just need to be the one of the worst. Three. Three. One of the worst Three. I completely understand. And each team has was is it 14%? Yeah. Yeah. I completely understand the concept. I'm just telling you that I know that We're gonna get Cooper flag Vibes. Okay. Good luck. Vibes. All vibes. Root vibe. I, I respect vibes On vibes. I respect. What if Cooper Flag's not the first pick? Doesn't Then that will, He's just gonna get him anyway. No way. We will be What if he stinks? There's that means there will be second.


There's way that would be funny if he's, We'll pick second And. We'll get, we'll get Cooper flag. What If the Cooper flag cannot play this whole year? What, what if the Wizards were somehow good, but Cooper flag sucked. There's that. And then you got Cooper Flag with like the 17th pick of All the unlikely things to of Them are Unlikely for both of them to happen at the same time. That's, But that'd be funny because then you would, because you, 'cause you, you, you're gonna get credit if you get Cooper Flag, but you get a lot more credit if you got Cooper Flag with the 17th pick. With The 17th pick. That'd be scouting on my part. Would Well that would also be just an insane Vibes call. Yeah. He'd Also probably have one leg if that was The case. 17th pick for the win. That means that we just the rock Like, alright, tank settle down over there. I know, you know, you got a dream team This year. No, I mean there's a chance that, that he's not the first pick.


Overall next year crazier things have happened. Bub, Bub The Pisses have gotten the fifth pick. How many years in? Around three. And they've been the worst team. I think two out of three. I'm, I'm willing to tell you right now, I will stand on this hill and I will plant my representative Banner to say that we're getting flag. Did you just don't have Jerry tweet about it? Wh why? Oh yeah. What I mean love flag. I mean, this is very smart of you because if you don't get Cooper flag, there's literally no downside. Disappointed to stamping your flag. Yeah. Disappointed you've, you've risked nothing. No, but This is, this is great. If I get it right.


No, It's smart play. You know what I'm gonna say? I I'm, I'm gonna get Cooper flag. No, you're not gonna get Cooper. That's impossible. And. we share 'em. We'll the Celtics are outta the Cooper flag running. I'll say that too. Yeah. One less team Off The big board. One less team to worry about. We'll Take, we'll take our names out too. Sixers are out. What Bead Nick's out. Nicks are out. Listen, now we've just, now that 14% has just become like 14.12%. It's huge. I love This shit. Huge. Yeah. I mean listen, nothing would bring me back faster as a Wizards fan than than Cooper Flag. Okay. What's your cool Throne? My cool throne is me and you. Big Cat respecting the troops. Oh Yeah. So when we had Paul Skeens on, we did that interview on September 4th.


Yep. The day after his start, I said I'd match his a hundred dollars per strikeout donation to the Gary Sene Foundation. I said I double. Did you say that? You double? I think So. I said, I think I said I would not match your double. I think I said I'm just matching. So I owe $2,800 for shit Gary Sinise. I just paid it. How much? So? 2,800. Oh nice. Yeah. So Big Cat you owe 5,600. Shit. Alright. But it's a good foundation. I'm donating right now For the troops. Yeah. We respect the troops on this show. We want them in the playoff. Shout out Paul Skees. Yeah, We're gonna do it. Paul Skees throws Gas. He does? What's that?


It just Throws gas. I thought that was like a lyric or Something. Yeah, it sounded like it was lyrics. Yeah. You sounded like you were who? Y and w Henry. Why it'd be a good name for you. Alright. My Hot Seat. Which I think I thought Hank would take, but I guess maybe we're so close to basketball season that he's just, he's taking his eye off the, the the ball, the golf ball. The Hot Seat is a Ryder Cup. People are very upset about the prices for the upcoming Ryder Cup. Next summer at Beth Page they have, they released one of their packages, which I believe includes food and no alcohol. But it's $750 for a day.


For a day. And now normally I would say, listen, golf fans probably have expendable money because they're going on golf trips and all that stuff. But this is such a fuck you and a mistake to trying to get a home field advantage if you price out Yeah. Rowdy New Yorkers who want to go to the Ryder Cup and scream heinous shit at all the Europeans. You've completely ruined this. Agreed. Agreed. So figure it out. Ryder Cup, the common man needs to be at Beth Page going absolutely bonkers in Rory's face. We Should, we should put together some sort of a like adopt a golf fan drive where we Cover He is the most obnoxious ones.


Yeah. The most obn like the guy that was wearing the Lamar Jackson jersey that walked through the streets of ball. Fuck that guy. But just gets, get the most rowdy fans ever. And then put them up at Stew Fine's house and have Stew smoke them out and drop them off at the market. We don't wanna smoke 'em out. Well, with Stew's. Shit, I don't, I think we need him. I think we need to have him drink Everclear. Okay. Well we can do that too. You get 'em fucking crazy. We can do that too. But put them up at Stew Finder's house. Yeah. And have Stew get 'em nice and warmed up. Yeah. We need And just do a, do a a a bus service back and forth. The Rider cup. You, you have to have a home field advantage. You have to have drunk people going nuts. Especially in America. I know Europe, they may be a little bit nicer.


Not us. This is bullshit. Yeah. Figure it out. I want the Europeans complaining. Actively complaining. I want Lori crying. Yeah. I want, I want see tears. I want them saying I'm all, I'm all for friendly competition. Up to a certain point. Hank, Were you not gonna speak up for the common golf fan? No. I mean, it is bullshit. I I didn't have it on my list. But it's also the players aren't even getting paid. Where's all that money going? Yeah, that's a good question. Good point. But. yeah. Fix this Ryder Cup. You fucking losers. We need people. We just need like the, like the, the, just think of like the tailgate at MetLife Stadium. Yeah. I want those people on the 18th green.


Just going nuts. Yeah. Jets fans. Fireman Ed. Yeah. Alright. My cool drone is our guy Jim Harbaugh. Because he said after he did a press conference on Monday and he said it will, it'll take my heart stopping for me to not be out there. So I also would like to welcome you guys if you would like to join me. I think it's always fun when we hop on something together. Pause. Yeah. I've decided to put a future on the Chargers to win the Super Bowl. The sup soy. Yeah. You're thinking soy. I Was looking last night at prices. They're 45 to one. don don't think they're gonna win the Super Bowl. I do think we'd get in a spot where they get to the playoffs. And, we could potentially hedge question 45 to one is pretty crazy on Drafting question.


Okay. Is there a world where we get to the playoffs and we're in a spot to hedge where you would actually hedge? No, but that's my sell to you guys. 'cause you guys could hedge. I Know that's a no for you. Yeah. But you guys could right Now I'm pretty heavily tied up in 45 to one. Hunter Travis one. The Cowboys are 35 to one. Don't do it. No, I'm saying it. No, I'm looking like they, they think the Cowboys Bears Steelers have better odds than the Chargers. The Bears do. They're foreign too. The whole, You just threw the Bears in there. Yeah, he's a jerk. Those are the Three. It's, it goes cowboys, bears, Steelers. That's, I'm just reading the DraftKings. The, I'm not saying the Chargers are gonna win the Super Bowl. What I'm saying is I think the Chargers will make the playoffs Tell me their schedule.


Do you guys want to join me in this right now? Would they be in the playoffs standings conference right now? They would be the succeed right now. They'd be succeed. So here's, let me lay it out for you guys. I think we can all agree that the Chiefs, the Texans, the Ravens and the Bills are gonna prob most likely be in the playoffs. So that means there's three playoffs spots for the following teams. The Steelers, the Chargers, the Cols, the Broncos, the Dolphins, the Jets and the Bengals. I think they're better than the Dolphins. I think they're better than the Cols. I think they're probably, I know they lost the Steelers, but Herbert was hurt.


They're better than the Broncos. I think they're a six or a seven Seat. Bette. Do you remember two seasons ago when I put that, that future in on the Chargers? I knew you were gonna bring this up. Do you remember that? Jim Harbaugh changes everything. Okay. I I expected that But. yeah. I I just wanted to remind You. I I knew you. I I agree with you Think I think it was like doesn't 30 Or 33 ish to one. Yep. It doesn't matter. And then everything that I said, what happened happened. They made the playoffs. Nope. Jim Harbaugh, then they got off Harbaugh. How big was their lead? 7 27. Nothing. That was the, that was the charger. And then I stopped saying the word Chargers. And That Was the Chargers. They were the C words. Yeah. That was the Chargers. This is Jim Harbaugh's team. It's Jim Harbaugh. This is Jim Harbaugh's football team. I that it does make a little bit of a difference. It Makes an enormous difference.


But The last time I smashed that button, he's, I was unhappy. Okay. Here I'll give you the schedule real quick. This is, I looked it all last night. Okay. This is all I need by the way. It's just the Schedule at the Cardinals. Yep. Saints at home. Yep. At the Browns, Titans, Bengals. That's their next five games. Yeah. I'm in. I'm in, I'm in. Yeah, that's all I need. I just needed to hear that. Yeah, I did the schedule last night. I think they're gonna get, I took it. I think they're gonna get to 10 wins and then we'll figure it out when we get there. 45 to One's crazy. And I also think that it's gonna go, I think you might even be able to cash out in four weeks time. 'cause I think they could probably win their next four games. And if they're sitting there, it's, what is that face? I'm not cashing out in four weeks. Okay. I'm just, I'm giving you guys options. And also PFDI didn't finish.


So they do have a little tough stretch where they have to play Ravens Falcons Chiefs bucks. But then they finished the season at home with the Broncos at Patriots. At Raiders. Okay. So last Three weeks of the season, they should, I think they're gonna make the playoffs again. I don't think they're gonna win the Super Bowl. But you could hedge and 45 to one And it. Jim Harbaugh. Yeah. And he literally just had a, a heart attack on the sideline and he won the game. He Had, yeah. His, what'd he have the arrhythmia? Yeah. Two and oh and arrhythmias. Shane Shane's gonna be very upset when he finds out about this. Oh, I'm gonna need, I'm gonna need some of his merch. Yeah. And it's a fun team because it's not a team. Like I was looking at it, I was like, ah, the Ravens again. I think the Ravens are probably gonna win the Super Bowl.


But again, like to, to go through that. You can't do the Chiefs Niners. I, you know, the price is too low. I was just trying to find one of those teams that's just way in the back. Whoever wins the, the Bears Commanders matchup, they're gonna skyrocket too. Probably on The Odds on the, at least some of the playoff odds for 'em, which got flexed, by the way. Yeah. So we're the afternoon, We're 3 15, 4 15 Eastern Bears Commanders. There's something we should keep our eye out on that too, because there's a, a tie in every four years with the Commander's Last home game or? No, before the election. Yeah, Before the election. Yeah. So it's the Commander's last game before the election. If they win, if Washington wins, then I think it's the incumbent party wins the White House.


If they lose, then whoever the rival party is, they win the White House. So if you're This year Trump person, you're rooting for the Bears, you're Rooting for the Bears. All Trump people are rooting for the Bears this weekend or in two weeks. And then all the, all the Democrats are rooting for the commanders. So it's home game. I, let's see, it might just be last game Before the election. 'cause the Giants, they play the Giants before the election. Oh, they do? Yeah. So it might not be that on the third. It might just be the giant. When's the election? Sixth? I think fourth. Sixth. Lemme see. I'm gonna have to listen to today's sort of bus. Fuck We don to figure That out. Fifth. The Fifth. Okay. Anyways, It has to be. Maybe it's not that game. Yeah. But. yeah, they did flex it. I did. I was so scared they were gonna flex it tonight.


I did not want a night game. I'm not, I was having this discussion with Eddie and, and Chief and White Sox Dave. Like, I don't, I need Kle Williams to be good for a couple years before I start actively rooting for night games. Yeah. I don't want people to look, I don't, I I, I hate having all eyes on the Bears and just everyone looking and being like, ha ha ha. Don't Need that. And also, if it was a night game, whoever won that game, well really, whoever lost that game, there would be so many people just being like, your quarterback sucks no matter what. Well, they're gonna do that. And they're both good no matter what. Also, I am glad that they caught that Ravens fan. Oh yeah. He's a fucking piece Of shit. That guy's a big piece of shit. Yeah. I hope he goes to prison. Okay, let's get to our interview with Tom Coughlin.


Great interview. PFT. You got a quick ad before we get there?


Yes. Before we get to our interview with Coach Tom Coughlin, he's brought to you by our good friends over at Activision. This episode, Pardon My Take is brought to you by Call of Duty Black Ops six Black Ops is back. And this year it's set to be the biggest and best call of duty, yet a mind bending narrative unbound by the rules of engagement. This is Signature Black Ops. The campaign features moment to moment gameplay. It covers a variety of play spaces with blockbuster set pieces, action packed moments and thrilling espionage theme missions. Even a casino heist, I love a good heist. Heist are the absolute best. With the best in-class multiplayer experience and the new omni movement system, you'll certainly be testing your skills across 16 new maps at launch, including 12 core six V six maps, four strike maps. And on top of all that, guess what's coming back. You guessed it. Round Base zombies, the epic return of the fan favorite mode where players are gonna take down hoards of the undead in two brand new maps at launch. I wish I could have more time to play. So excited to play this. It comes out October 25th. If only someone could replace me. So here I could do that. Head over to call of duty.com/black Ops six and Pre-order now. And now here's Tom Coughlin.


Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. He is two time Super Bowl champion Head Coach Tom Coughlin, future Pro Football Hall of Fame member. I, we will, we'll get to that because you should be in the Hall of Fame. Coach, thank you so much for joining us. We have to start with the fact that true to form, you joined this zoom 10 minutes early. So we appreciate that. We should have expected it. So can we start with Coughlin time because it's, it's, it's obviously something that the lore of Coughlin Time goes everywhere. What exactly are the rules to Coughlin time? And thank you for following them. The rules are you're five minutes early and if not, you're gonna get fined.


That's all there is to it. Stray hands, famous deal. I was Two minutes early and three minutes late, you know, that was his quote. Yeah, But. yeah. That's all it is. You know, really the, the significance of, of that whole situation is I want people who are so interested in what they're doing and who they are and being the best that they can be. That they don't, they they don't, they're, they're there early. They're there to show their enthusiasm and their desire to succeed. That's where that all came from. Yeah. And is it true that the clocks in the facility would actually be set? I I heard they were 15 minutes early. No, no. They were all five minutes early.


Everything was five minutes ahead of time. Yep. So Would you go around looking at the clocks and, and holding up your watch and be like, that's not, that clock's not fast enough. We need to adjust. I didn't have to do that. They were, they were right on. Because I had people assigned to that. Yeah. So you were basically, you you were living in the future constantly. Yeah, maybe I was, I was trying to be ahead of it, that's for sure. Yeah. So you, you've had back to back weekends where you've had incredible honors. I want to, I want you to tell me which one was, was more important to you. You were put into the, the pride of the Jaguars, which is like the Jaguars Ring of Honor. And then the next week you got a Bobblehead night for the Giants and Bengals.


Which one, which one was more impactful to you personally? Well, you, you can't make those kinds of differentiations. They're both to be in the pride of the Jaguars. You know, I started the franchise and so as I explained to everyone that would listen, it was like my baby, you know, Wayne Weaver had extended to me the opportunity to start a franchise. And, and the more and more that I thought about it during the time we were speaking, the more I was interested in the historical significance of that. And I think the, the real deal breaker is when Mr. Weaver said to me, now we wanna fashion ourselves after the Dallas Cowboys.


At that time it was Jimmy Johnson. So you would like personnel as well, right? I said, yeah, I would like very much to have personnel. Yeah. So that, that's the way that started. But the, the significance with the New York Giants of the hundred Years, if you can imagine that a hundred, 100 years of New York giant football. And on the occasion of a celebration, recognizing the 2007, 2011 World championship teams, they were giving out Bobblehead dolls, which happened to be my fixture don. Don't know how you recognize it with this mug. But anyway, it was, it was, I knew it was coming and we had some fun with it.


We had some people do supposedly funny things, the funniest of which was strahan in which he reviewed the, the time that I find him for being, you know, Two minutes early, three minutes late. But it was all in, in good humor. And I was obviously humbled by both experiences. Yeah. Do do you have your bobblehead, did you take one home? No, I didn't get one. Why is they wouldn't gimme one. We gotta get you a bobblehead. Yeah. We Need one that would fit real nicely up there next to the two Lombardi's. That might be the most impressive thing on your mantle. Yeah. I need, I need that for my grandkids. Yeah. Yeah. So going back to you starting the Jaguars from scratch, that's fascinating to me because it's like, it truly is a blank slate moment where you, you build something out of nothing and you're put in charge of starting an NFL franchise from the ground up.


How do you even know where to begin to start with that? How did you figure out what was important as your first thing? What would be the second thing and how you build that out from absolutely nothing? Well, the interesting concept there is when I, when I was 23 years old, I was a head coach of the division three team that was going from club football to varsity football. And I did everything, you know, I bought the equipment, I scheduled the games, I scheduled the transportation, I set up the preseason schedule. I set up the, the fraternity house that we were gonna live in, et cetera, et cetera. So I had done on a much smaller scale that type of thing before. But remember I was hired in February of 1994.


Our first season was not till 95. So what I did was I simply set up a calendar, prioritizing the, the different departments that we would hire and the significance of each one of them according to the calendar. So, for example, I brought five coaches with me from, from Boston College, but the, the personnel department was the number one thing that I had to establish right away because that gave us a chance to work a year ahead of time on the evaluation of talent throughout the league, throughout the college game. So my coaches and my scouts would go out every weekend, And. we would go to a college game on Saturday, me included, and a pro game on Sunday.


So that we got a, a really good feel for that. And then as time went on, I was able to, to visit, you know, franchises, to visit teams. And, and so doing, I gathered information about, you know, art mode. Drove up to next to me in, in, in his golf cart and said to me, Tom, you got your team picked. So I was there watching everything, but Mr. Modell had a pretty good idea why I was there. Yeah, Yeah. And so it was you and, and the Panthers at the same time. Was there any rivalry there, you just wanted to stay one step ahead or were you guys checking in with each other? Well, we didn't check in with each other, but we were definitely rivals and that they, they built theirs and Bill Poon was there right away.


But the head coach wasn't hired until Dom wasn't hired until a year later. I was hired and, and I had personnel right away in, in 94. Yeah. The, so the Jaguars run was, was incredible. You go to two a FC championship games and, and you have had in your career, you know, obviously everyone thinks of the 2007 Super Bowl being 17 point underdogs and, and beating the Patriots. But the divisional game in 96 against the Broncos, 'cause that was the Broncos team that then went and won two Super Bowls right after. Right. So that was a Super Bowl team. You go into Mile High with the Jaguars second year as a franchise and you beat the Broncos as 12 point underdogs.


What, what is it about those spots where you are such a big underdog and everyone's saying there's got no, you got no chance. What do you tell the team beforehand? What are, what are you thinking and is there a part of you that's like, we might be in trouble today? Or is it just, Hey, we gotta just do our thing and And, we might have a shot at this? Well, what it is for me, it's the competitiveness part of it. You know, go ahead and tell me I can't do something. That's what I always taught my team. You know, go ahead tell me I can't do anything. And if you remember, okay, you go to 96 as an example. I mean, nobody gave us credit for anything. Yeah. I mean, if you remember what Woody Page said about us, he called us the Jaguars. You remember that? Yes.


Yeah. And that was of course, plastered all over our building. But the, the, the way we looked at it was, and if you remember, we had to beat the Falcons to get in. We beat the Falcons on the week 17, where Morton Anderson missed a chip shot field goal. Actually, when he slipped, you could see 'em slip and, and mist And. we got in and then we decided, hey, we, we, you know, and, and I could see the players growing and thinking, you know what, maybe we are pretty good. Maybe we are. And so we got in And, we talked about winning and went to Buffalo, played, you know, against a great personnel package, if you will, with Jim Kelly and the Buffalo Bills And.


we were able to win there and, and on. We went to Denver with John Elway and Mike Shanahan. And you know, if, if, if we don't beat them there, they're gonna win three in a row, as you guys know. Right. But in that game, there are so many things. And you saw Jimmy Smith and you saw, you saw Mark Brunell scramble and run and do and do all those kinds of things. And I'll remember, you know, we took the lead late in the game with significance and I said to Dick Giron, our defensive coordinator, 'cause Elway was gonna score in a two minute drill. I mean, that was the thing they did incredibly well over all the years. And I said, Dick, they they had no timeouts left.


I said, they, they can score, but make sure they score under Two minutes. And sure enough, that's how it happened. And so we recovered the onside kick and the game was over. We just nailed down. Yeah. But it was the, the one of the real important things to remember about that game. Not only the, the fact that we won against a very, very good football team and an out outstanding coach is that when we returned from Denver, the pilot, I could tell he wasn't really going to the airport. He was heading around and what he did is he flew over the stadium, he banked the plane, we looked down, there's 35,000 people in the stadium at two o'clock in the morning waiting for us to come back.


That's Incredible rock. Those Are the kind of things you remember. Yeah. That's amazing. Didn't they throw a parade for the Jaguars too before the, the franchise even kicked off? I think they did. They had a parade. And if you remember when we, when we signed our first 10, they were right off the street. Yeah. The, the, the, the, the Sunday morning newspaper, you'd have thought that these were the, the saviors of, of the world. And there were some good football players in there, but they were guys that were, were street free agents. And, we signed to Merlin. Yeah. You were talking about the best way to get you to do something is by telling you that you can't do it using like, the bulletin board material. I heard a story about Jerry Jones and the Dallas Cowboys, I think it was 2008.


He might have given you a little bit of bulletin board material before that playoff game. He might have promised his his players some tickets to the next round of the playoffs and you found out about it. That might have happened. Yeah, that might have happened. But I think the thing you need to remember first is that, you know, the, the 2007 season is a remarkable season. If you, if you'll just drift back to that, at the end of oh six, they wanted me to, the, the, the media wanted me out of town. They wanted to fire me. Everybody said, get rid of Coughlin, get 'em outta here, blah, blah, blah, blah. And so I did a lot of things much differently. But one of the things that I did do is I hired Steve Spagnolo and Steve was, and with the Philadelphia staff, Andy Reed was, was congenial enough to allow me to interview Steve.


And I knew we had a connection. We had both worked for Jack Mcne, Steve worked for Jack over in NFL Europe. I worked for Jack in, in Boston College. I coached Doug Flutie. So there was a connection there. So we hired Steve, and Steve was our brand new defensive coordinator. And I really felt good about the direction that our team was going in pre-season. You know, we had a leadership council, Strahan was gonna retire and came back, but we probably went out and gave up 80 points in the first two games. And, we were owed two. So when we go to to Washington in week three, if we don't beat Washington, they're probably gonna fire me then.


But that was the, that was the name way this, the whole thing started. It ended up, remember week 17 when we played the undefeated New England Patriots who were going for a 16 and oh season And. it was one heck of a football game. We played our starters. They played their starters. of course. Everybody said, you can't win. You can't win. We lost 38, 35. We had the lead in the fourth quarter, but it was a great football game. Yeah. And I went in and the next morning when I came into work, there was a, there was a light on on my, my vi my voicemail. And I listened to it And. it was John Madden. And John Madden was telling me how, you know, he was so proud of what we had done.


He said the NFL is not about the NFL is about competition. It's about winning, it's about playing, it's about playing your best. You don't rest players. You don't do that. This is the greatest thing that's happened to the NFL in the last 10 years. And I hope they realize it over on Park Avenue. You know, that kind of a thing. So the, and Fox had the Super Bowl that year and they had every, every game going in. Not one of the Fox experts ever picked us to win any game. Yeah. Starting, starting in Tampa, of course then going to Dallas, obviously that was the, the second round. But one when we got there, what you, what you just mentioned, it was true.


In other words, Jerry had put two tickets on each player's stool in the locker room for the NFC championship game, which would've been at, at home there in Dallas. Had Dallas won. We found out about that, you know, and of course I just subtly mentioned it to my team and that gave 'em a little extra incentive, if you will. But it was a heck of a, again, a heck of a football game. And if you remember, we scored just before the half Kevin boss, you know, Eli to Kevin Boss gets it out to midfield, and eventually I monte to who had a great game, started the game off with a, like a 50 yard touchdown with a catch of nothing more than a curl route.


Spun out of a tackle, went out and scored. But when we tied at 10, 10 at halftime, that really was a little bit of a dagger And. we came back out and eventually won the game. But, but Dallas had beaten us twice during the regular season. Yeah, Yeah. Hard to beat a team three times. Did you get those tickets from the Cowboys players? You're not gonna use those. Yeah, they Were. Yeah. They, they didn't mail 'em to us. No. So, so I, and I wanna talk about more of that run, but you, you mentioned something there that, that I find fascinating. Obviously it was talked about a lot, but the oh six season, they want you fired, right? You have to take a little bit off your fastball is basically what it was described as. Maybe, maybe don't be as difficult on the players.


What, what did that look like day to day? And was that hard for you because you're, you know, you're an old school football guy, football coach, where you're working, the players hard, you're conditioning drills are are legendary. What was that like though for you to have to change it and be a little softer with the players? Well, let me just say this to you. Every day you're alive. You better be learning, you better be learning, you better be adjusting because things change. The world change. So I recognized some of the things that I'm talking about. Number one, basically for me with the players was communication. I remember real early in, in my giant career, I'd walk into a team meeting, I'd give them exactly what I thought as straightforward as I possibly could.


For example, how we're gonna win, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then I'd go stand while the players walked by. And half the time they weren't even on the same page with me even then. So for me it was communication. So what we did with the players was I started a leadership council and I had players from each position okay. Who met with me on a weekly or maybe once every two weeks. And I gave them the information they needed as players to go back into their meeting rooms and be able to, to educate the other players in the room as to what was coming. For example, you know how guys are about holiday and they get itchy.


And if you don't get that information to people right away, then that's another hurdle you have to jump over in a communication thing that might be a distraction. So for example, I would give them the Thanksgiving schedule a week or two early and they could cover that. So, and I would say, fellas, I don't want to hear about it after that. Okay, let's, let's get back to work and focus on what we're doing. Yeah. But that, that was the case. Another thing I did is I, I, I spoke to the me to the guys from the media, the, the print media who were there every day, those hardworking guys. And I listened to them. We took the, the, the gloves off and I said, you tell me what you don't like about me, and I'll tell you what I don't like about you, And.


we And, we really came through it in such a way that I, I, I recognize I'm a blue collar guy and I recognize that these people were as well, and I, I recognize I could help them a little bit without giving something important away. And so I, I I I, I did a better job with that. I communicated better with the players. I communicated better with the media. You know, I laughed when it was funny. And I, I still made them realize when the real stupid questions came that I wasn't real crazy about that. But, you know, but that's how this whole thing started. And if you remember, Michael was out, didn't, didn't come into camp until right at the end Yeah.


Of, of training camp. But to show you the significance of Michael Strahan, he walked in the door one day, the next day we vote for captains. He's a unanimous captain. Yeah. I mean, he had leadership skills beyond which the greatest natural leader I'd ever been around. Yeah. But that's how we started. We started oh and two. And the point I made with you about the playoffs was that, you know, the, the Fox team of experts not, didn't pick us to win one game. Okay. Not one. They picked Tampa as unanimously. They picked Dallas and they picked Green Bay unanimously. and of course they, there was no way we, we were just, we were just the other team in the Super Bowl.


Yeah. Yeah. It's, I mean, back against the wall. What, how, how much to that shift from 2006 to 2007, did it help maybe that Tiki Barber retired? 'cause you guys obviously butted heads a lot. I don't even know if you guys speak to this day, but that, that feels like that probably helped the locker room a little bit as well. Right? Well, that was Tiki's Tiki's decision. And, you know, he let it be known that he was gonna retire. And throughout the course of the season, he, he continued to let it be known. But Tiki was a heck of a football player now, but, but he retired after the oh six season. Yeah. We should talk about that Green Bay game, because I think we've got a, a, a bunch of questions about that.


Maybe the most gritty coaching performance that I've ever seen. Your face turned a, a shade of red that doesn't exist in nature. During that game. You were just, you were just headbutting the wind, And, it must have been very, very cold down there. How did you ever, did you feel cold during that game? Because we were worried about your health on tv? First half was, was cold. The second half. I didn't, I didn't feel anything And I went out pre-game. Okay. I went out pre-game without gloves, with a baseball cap on, you know, and I got out there for about five minutes and I thought, how the hell am I gonna get back in that locker room? You know? It was, it was very cold, minus 23, minus 27 windshield, whatever, whatever fancy you, you choose to pick.


But I, we came out offensive lineman, no sleeves, you know, Eli to Plco threw the ball like it was 75 degrees. It was amazing. But one of the, one of the real good stories was in the first half I looked, I, I called Lawrence tying over, Ty's over next to me. And I, we didn't look at each other. We just looked at the field, you know, like we were, and I said, Lawrence, can you make a 46 yard field goal? He turned around and walked away from me. So In the, in the fourth quarter, you guys remember? Yeah. We actually missed two field goals. He missed one legitimate, there was a bad snap on another one. Okay. So, you know, that was one of those deals.


Well, the game goes to overtime. We have the coin toss. They get the ball first. Brett Fup throws an interception on the first play. Corey Webster's got great hands. He makes the interception, he runs the ball back a little bit. Not much. We don't gain a yard. It didn't seem like we, we, we gained anything. It comes to fourth down, don, don't say a word. I look at Lawrence times. Lawrence Times throws his cape off, runs out on the field. I yell. Field goal, field goal. The field goal team goes out. The coaches in my ear, my ear, my, my headset are saying, no, coach don't do that. If he misses, look at the field position, they'll have, it could have been a 55 yard or he hit it.


So, well now you remember this and you, you you've been in the backyard as we all have. That ball was as hard as a rock. Yeah, okay. Yeah. That ball was as hard as a rock. And he hit it that well to put us, you know, in the, in the, in the Super Bowl. Yeah. So a, after the game, did, did you seek medical attention? I would've been like, somebody help coach out, like, let's get some, no, but I vase on it. A lot of people that were interested if, you know, was it, you know, to what degree was my, was my face that red? Was I frost bitten in all that business? It looked like it was melting. Yeah. How long did it take to thaw out? Well, well, I probably, probably till we got on the plane, I mean, we were, we were, we were, we were in there with chicken noodle soup and all that stuff right afterwards, but of course we had the Fox group in our locker room celebrating the, the, the team that was gonna go to the Super Bowl.


Yeah. That warmed me up. Winning that game. Warmed me up very much. Yeah. Yeah. And then going into that Super Bowl, obviously the 18 and oh Patriots, there were comments. The probably the only time Tom Brady's ever slipped up in the media with that famous, you know, clip where he kinda laughed at, at the idea that they were gonna only be held to 17 points. What, what, when, when you see that clip and your team sees that clip, like what was the confidence level going into that game, knowing you guys have played them close in the last week of the season? Well, we practiced very well. That's where it starts. For me, always, our preparation was good when we, you know, when we flew out to Glendale to, to prepare for that game, we had actually an isolated hotel that was out in the middle of nowhere.


And, and the guys went in maybe the first night and got to the restaurants, et cetera. After that, pretty much they stayed in around the hotel because it was, it was a pretty good ride. So our, our focus as a team was really good. And I really thought that we'd done a very good job of practicing and preparing. Now that's with the exception of the, of David Tyree's Friday. You remember that one? We had, we had integrated David Tyree, who was a, a wide receiver, you know, a pro bowl special teamer. We had now made him a short yardage and goal line receiver because he, he was strong. He, he could block, he blocked and he was tough. So we knew that when, when David Tyree trotted out on the field, bill Belichick was going to, it's run, it's run And.


we took advantage of that. But on the Friday before prac, before the Super Bowl, when everything is supposed to be perfect, David Tyree dropped everything. The ball hit him in his helmet. He dropped the ball in his hands. I mean, he literally couldn't, couldn't catch anything. And to tell you the type of guy Eli is, practice is over. The coaches are a little concerned. We're not gonna say anything at that point in time. I'm not to to too upset anybody. But Eli goes over to David Tyree puts his arm around him and he says, David, we know, forget about practice today. We know that when we need you, you'll be there. And that was an interesting sidebar.


Yes. But we practiced very well. We were prepared. And I felt mentally our guys were in, in, in a really good place. Even the Saturday before Sunday Super Bowl, the guys were kind of with their families around the pool, spending time together, you know, enjoying themselves. Not too far from the, the thoughts about the game as well. Our meetings that night went very, very well. So, you know, I I I felt really good that we would play a, a good football game. Now, I, I don't know the outcome. And obviously the, the 17th game of the year, the 38, 35 was nowhere near what this game was gonna be like.


'cause this game became a, you know, a a a defensive battle. A battle of field position, a battle of, of taking advantage of one another. And, we had a turnover early, you remember that ball was a little behind Steve Smith And it tipped it up in the air and they intercepted it. We, we were on, on our way in at that point in time. But it was a back and forth, back and forth. And then of course they, they drove the ball at the end and Brady put them ahead with about what, 2 37 to go. And that's when that drive started, where the David Tyree catch the great catch. And people wanna make light of that, that that was a great catch. Because physically, if you remember the position he was in, you know, with, with with, with Rodney Harrison, a big, strong safety, you know, behind him.


And Tyree is up high in the air to catch it. One arm gets stripped away, pins the ball against the helmet, with the other arm, goes down with Rodney across the back of his knees, doesn't let go of the ball, secures the ball, you know, which was truly a great play by Eli getting away, number one. Then when you throw the ball down the middle of the field, if it's overthrown, you know, it's going the other way. David Tyree makes the catch. But we're not in the end zone yet. Yeah. We need to touchdown. Yeah, we, we need to drive the ball in Steve Smith on third and 11, just getting enough for the first down. Then the all out blitz, Eli sees it. He tells Plao, I'm coming to you. If it's single coverage now Plao, who's got the bad knee?


I didn't even know he was gonna play right up until the time when I had to turn the inactive list in. I didn't know Ville was gonna play. And Ronnie Barnes takes him out, works him out, comes in, he says just a couple words he's gonna play. Yeah. Gonna play. Boom, we're on the field. And that, that team is out there causes them to, to play the game that they had designed based on his effectiveness, obviously in the, in the Green Bay game. So that helped us just having Plao on the field. And then he made a, you know, it was actually a slug go move on an all out blitz. It was an all out blitz. Patriots were coming with everybody balls in the air.


You know, my, from my vantage point, I'm saying, was this ball ever coming down? Can this ball get down quick enough for us? They can't recover. And sure enough, it did. And And, we still had this 35 seconds. Brady had the ball. You know, the game is not over, fellas. Yeah, yeah. And he almost found moss down field on that, on that default too. Twice. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The rocket, the other, the rocket. Throw the other little story from, from the David Tyree catch our, our he's, he's passed away, but Jared Lorenzen, who's our, our friend, he, there, it came out afterwards that he, there was a drill you guys used to do where he would violently try to strip Eli. And basically, I remember seeing a video where it was almost like exactly the same of what Eli did in that play.


That it, those are just the little things that you as a coach are like, we have to practice these moments, even if they'll never come up. That's right. Ball security is number one, you know, next to points, four points against it's turnovers. Those are the two things. But, you know, just getting, being in position to secure the football and you see it today, you, you see the number of people that are going for the punch out, knock the ball out today. It's a big theme in the league right now. But. yeah. Anything we can do. The high and tight principle for our runners and receivers, once they catch the ball and the quarterback being in a position where those both two hands remain on the ball until you're ready to release the ball. All of those things, the little, little details, you know, over and over the mundane, over and over and over.


You never know when it's gonna be the factor in a game. And obviously in, in a, in a game that close against that. Great. And that was a great football team. Yeah. Guys, they, they were the greatest offensive machine in the history of football. Yeah, yeah. And, and being to, so every little thing that, that you could do to help secure the opportunity to win, you had to do So right around that time, actually, that entire season, one of the ongoing storylines was the Spygate thing with New England. It was like every week there was a new development about it. Right. So, going into the Super Bowl, did you take any different precautions with your practices? Were you like, looking at every camera that was around checking the sky for drones? Were you like lot, were you different?


Was it a a different sense of like, preparation in terms of keeping round up? No, we Practiced, you remember we practiced at the Cardinal facility. Okay. The Patriots were, were somewhere else. And, and you know, there, there's built in privacy in a pro, you know, operation. So I, I wasn't worried about that. I I, I I thought we were secure. Yeah. Okay. We'll get back to Tom Clin in a second.


This episode of Pardon My Take is brought to you by Call of Duty, black Ops six. Black Ops six has so many new features and even more exciting content. You can dive into a mind-bending single player campaign, best in class multiplayer and round based zombies, which we're all so excited for. On October 25th, our entire office will be playing block Black Ops six and likely have guys streaming all day. We anticipate this game to really lower the productivity over here at Parcel. So the Replacer will really have his work cut out for him. Head on over to Call of duty.com/black Ops six and pre-order yours right now. I love Call of Duty, one of my favorite games. Black Ops six is gonna be incredible. So go check it out. It's coming out October 25th, and you can pre-order it right now@callofduty.com slash Black Ops six pre-order yours, get ready for that day. We're gonna be streaming all day. We love Black Ops six. We love Call of Duty. So again, go over to call of duty.com/black Ops six and pre-order yours right now.


So, talking about today's nfl, obviously you can list like the, the top quarterbacks, but is there a quarterback you watch that you're like, man, I wish I could have coached him. Or a guy that you see that maybe is up and coming that you're like, that's that's someone special. Well, there's, you know, obviously if you're, if you're watching football, you're, you're always thinking about, you know, gee, this person, that person, whatever. The thing today in a lot of circles is the running quarterback. Okay? But, but the, the, the, the thing that I see and has always been the principle for me is, and you remember, we're just thinking about the, the London game here a little bit ago.


And Eli had a running touchdown in that first game in London. You remember in oh seven, we were the first team to play over there against the Dolphins. But if you watch how Mahomes runs, he doesn't run until he has to run. He doesn't wanna run, he wants to run to throw the ball, to have more time to throw the ball. Those are the things, because you remember for us, Eli started 210 straight games. Yeah. I mean, as a coach, if you can tell me that I'm gonna have my starter, okay. For 210 straight games where he can prepare, where we know the quality of the preparation and the work that he will put in, and that he will bring the experience factor one week to another, one week to another.


That's, that's what, that's what pro football is, is, is really all about. You worry to the extent that if a, if a guy you're gonna take hits in the pocket, big time hits in the pocket. The quarterback's protected today better than ever. I get it. I was a part of that. I was, I wanted everything. I wanted the quarterback protected. Okay. And he is protected. But when you run, you are a runner. Okay. And no holes barred, you know, all bets are off. And, but to have your guy line up every, every week for 210 in a row, I, I mean, that's An incredible advantage. Yeah. For Your team. Was there something about EI mean, you know, Eli had An incredible career.


He, the, the crazy thing about Eli is during the regular season, he probably, you probably couldn't say he was ever playing at like, you know, a top three quarterback level, but then your two Super Bowl runs. He just was out of his mind. Good. Was there something that you could see in him where it's like playoff time and you're like, this guy, I just, I just know that he's gonna be nails when we need him. You look at his eyes. Yeah, His eyes, he is the greatest. People argue with me, I get it. But he's the greatest big play, big game, excuse me. Big game quarterback that I've ever seen. I mean, the way he approached things and the fact that, you know, he really, really accepted the challenge. He wanted the challenge, you know, he wanted that.


I mean, he knew what his comparison was against Tom Brady, for example, you know, and, and quite frankly, rightfully so. I mean, they stacked up a bunch of a Super Bowls, but in, in those games, under those circumstances, you know, call it his pedigree, call it what you want. But this guy, you talk about making plays when he had to make 'em look at the Manningham catching 46. Yeah. Super Bowl 46. And I, I, well, I'm looking at it in my own mind. I don't realize Eli's back there maneuvering to get the ball off in that situation, you know? And he made that throw. So you talk about big play, big game people.


Wow. I mean, I, I'm taking him. Yeah. 'cause I've seen him do it under any circumstance you can imagine. Would You, would you ever have to try to trick him though, like in a week eight game, be like, Hey, this is a big game, Eli, we're gonna need, we're gonna need big game Eli here. Oh no, he, you know, he, well, you look at the, that year, the game 17 against the Patriots, you know, that was the game. When, you know how the media is 50 50, you're gonna arrest your players coach. Yeah. You're gonna arrest your No, no. We're playing to win. And my team bought that completely. Yeah. What was the look in Eli's eyes? How, how could you tell it was different? There was no question about his focus and what was going on. No matter when he took the field, you, you could see it.


Yeah. And it always, if you knew, If you knew the player, you could See it tied in with Eli is gonna be your son-in-Law. Chris Snee, who, who you drafted, was that the same draft as Eli? I think it was, right? Was, yeah, it was. They were one too. He was, they were Roommates. He was your second round pick. Did you have to lean on, on the scouts a little bit to be like, Hey, I think, I think this is the guy we gotta take. And they were like, sure, coach. He's your son-in-Law. I understand. We have to draft him. No, they did it the other way around. They, they, the whole organization felt, we had Chris Nee in the first round, the middle of the first round. That's how high we had him ranked. And when they, when, when he slipped like that, there was no question in the room about who the best possible player was.


And. we took him in the top of the, the second round And it, it proved out. I mean, there's, you talk about toughness. You talk about serious guys that wanna, you know, they, they wanna win. They, they'll work and they'll pay the price in order to win. And they'll do things the right way. And the camaraderie that developed in that offensive line, you know, with Richie and Sean and Kareem and, and David deal at left tackle, those guys were, you know, they loved each other. They played for each other. They backed each other up when things were going. And the guy who did it by, by virtue of his actions, not necessarily his mouth, was Chris Nee. I, I love the idea of, of the scouts and the other guys in the draft room having to convince you to draft your son-in-Law.


Yeah. That, that would be very funny. So I heard a funny story about him. I heard that sometimes during maybe a week where you weren't so happy with the coaches, with the offensive line, that they would ask Chris to bring your grandkids into the facility because they knew that it would soften you up and you wouldn't be so angry. Did you know that you were being manipulated? No. I wa I did not know that. But I know that during preseason they would be there a a lot of times where I'd get to, you know, throw the ball with 'em and roll around in the grass after practice. Yeah. I, I wanna go back real quick. In the beginning of your coaching career, you were on that Parcells staff that won a Super Bowl for the Giants Belichick 90 Belichick's on there as well.


Was there, when you're there in that moment, this is before Belichick becomes Belichick, did you know that like he, you know, he was special and there was like, the way he coached his defense was he was gonna have this career going forward. Like, can you feel it in that room? Oh, he was a great football coach. There was no doubt about that. I don't care how old he was. He was very thorough and as a defensive coach, you know, he coached the secondary right. And I had the receivers, And, we worked together a lot. And, we were always bugging Parcells For more time or you know, you know, red zone, tight red zone one-on-one and all, all the things you need to do to be ready when you come outta camp for, for, for the season.


But Bill did a, I mean, he did a great job. I mean, his, his, his, his defensive plans are, are are epic. I mean, the, the game against the 49 ERs, you know, there's a, there's as talented of the team as you'll ever play against. And what we were able to do, we win by field goal. But, but neither one knew. Although when Bill, I, I think, thought about that Cleveland job right there at the end of the season, much like I was thinking about the BC job and, and, and so him getting the opportunity was not a surprise at all. Yeah. And. it didn't matter how old he was.


Yeah. Yeah. So I, I read a story that, going back to your college days, your RA was Jim Heim, Syracuse head coach. Yeah. Yeah. Heim Bahe was an RA on our floor, Sandler Hall in those days. We had the top 44 were in Sandler Hall, and Heim was my ra. He's your ra. So did you ever get in trouble? No. You were a good, good student. Never had to worry About him. I played against him in high school. Yeah. How was that? I played against him In high school. Was he, how did that game go? He was a, well, they drilled us. He was a senior with a really good basketball team. And. we, we started three sophomores coming outta my high school.


Now, the interesting thing is that they were a double A school. Lyons was a double A school. And they, I don't believe they won the sectional And. we were, you know, we were all sections in New York state. It was section five. They would get beat And. we won the Section five class a three years in a row. Yeah. Hmm. He's, I mean, it's just funny. Just, I, Jim Heim's one of those guys. I could never imagine being young. I Yeah. But I could always imagine him being an ra. Yeah, perfect for, that's A good one. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure, I'm not sure that, you know, he, he, he's legendary about his shooting ability, especially, you know, high in high school. But he, you know, he prided himself as a defensive coach and he was a great one, you know, that two, three zone, which probably was everything in everything, you know, depending on what you did.


Yeah. That was him. I, I got a weird question. And this might be because it means more to me than probably anyone else in the world. Do you remember when you were on the, the head coach of the Jaguars? Do you remember the kid that got his head stuck in the statue? No. Okay. All It Wasn't you, was it? No, No, no. We actually interviewed him like a couple months ago. Again, this is, I do Remember, I remember the, the, well, the buzz about it. Yeah. If you'll, but I don't remember. I didn't see it, no. Okay. All right. But you remember maybe hearing about it being like, Hey, a kid got his head stuck in the statue. So wait, but you were in charge of everything from the ground up with the Jaguar. So that statue you signed off on.


Yeah. You got that kid stuck in the statue. You built a death trap. I got the kid stuck. Yeah. Yeah. I was hoping it was a good luck charm. Yeah. No it wasn't don don't think it has been. No, not necessarily. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I also read that you went on a USO tour with Jeff Fisher. Was that after, was that after the Music City Miracle? Well, that was in oh eight. That was in oh 8, 0 9, right in there. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, we went, I was General Raymond Odeal, you know, the, the commander in chief of the Rocky National Force was a good friend of mine, a giant fan. So I was originally gonna go with General Low over to Iraq anyway, but we, it was, it became a USO trip.


So it was Bill Cower, it was John Harbaugh, John Gruden, Jeff Fisher, and me And. it was a, a great, great experience for all of us because, you know, the word was, you know, the troops, the morale, the troops were great. They had great morale. And on, on the 4th of July, now, president Joe Biden, who was vice president at the time, came over. That's why all five of us were in one room. You know, we were in one of those palaces. Yeah. And. we were in a big room like bunk beds, except there was one double bed. I said, I'm taking that one. They all laughed, but I got it. Fisher had to sleep over by the door.


'cause he, he snored so loud that nobody could stand him in the room. But we had a, we had a really, really great experience. We listened to Biden and, and President Biden and General o as they, as they made citizens of 257 soldiers that were in our uniform, but weren't even, how about that one? Yeah. Weren't citizens yet. So that was the 4th of July. We, we were, we went to Mosul that had just been bombed the day before. And I'll never forget, they, they met us on the tarmac. The tarmac was 112 degrees that day. We land And, we get out.


They said to me, why don't you go with Coach O? So, or excuse me, with general. So I get in the, I get in the, the, the, the car with, with the, the general and that the place has just been bombed. And I'm thinking to myself, is this a good idea? If, if they're going after somebody, they're going after the big guy. I'm in the, I'm in the car with 'em, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Maybe not my best call. Yeah. Yeah. That's just such a funny, funny visual to me is the group of you guys, you Gruden Fisher, the whole squad. And you were hanging out in Saddam Hussein's Palace, right? Yeah. Oh yeah. That's where we stayed. Stayed In the same room. There were seven of them. We stayed in one of them.


Yeah. The, I mean, you, the, the amount of football you've seen and, and stories you have. It's incredible. I


got, I got one last question for you. It's a rollback question. This has been so much fun. Coach ROBC k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, rollback.com, promo code take,


I mentioned at the, at the start, you should be in the Hall of Fame. I don't know, is that something that you've, you know, obviously have in the back of your head, but are you, are you like, Hey, what's going on here? Because we talked about the Jaguar starting a franchise, two Super Bowls with the Giants going even through like some of these playoff runs where you guys were underdogs. Maybe one of the best underdog coaches ever. Is that something that you, you know, you think about? Or is it, it Don forget, Don't forget those two, those two FAFC championship appearances are in the first five years. Yeah. Also, the, the Jeff, we mentioned Jeff Fisher, but that was, that was tough that year that you guys went 14. It was 99.


Yeah. 14 and two. And the only losses were the Titans. Yeah. Yeah. We were 15 and two when they beat us in the a FC championship game. Yeah. He had your number. Does he remind you of that? He had your number that year? No, he didn't. Doesn't remind me, but I'm aware of it. Yeah. Yeah. He doesn't have to remind me. 'cause to be honest with you, that's one of the most disappointing things that I have in my briefcase, is that one, we were up, we were up 14, 10 at the half. Yeah. We fumbled a punt right before the half. And they, they kicked the, I think they kicked the field goal. Yeah. They may have scored. But anyway, And, we came back out in the second half and they, they had their way.


Yeah, you should be in the Hall of Fame. Big catch. Right. Let's, let's get people talking about that. And, and you also, your, your foundation, which is does incredible work. Can you, can you tell everyone about what you, 'cause you've always been giving back. So the, the, the Coughlin Foundation, which we should, we should at least mention what, what are you doing today with it? I appreciate it if you mention it. We just had our, our, our major fundraiser in New York at MetLife Stadium, our 20th, what we call Champions for children's event. The foundation is 29 years old. I started it in 1996 when I was in Jacksonville. When I was at Boston College, my very first year at Boston College, my starting strong safety was a young man by the name of Jay McGillis.


Tough kid. Came from Rockton, mass, you know, great family, mom, dad, siblings, the whole deal. We come back from Syracuse, our, I think it was our ninth or 10th game. And the trainer came to me and said, you know, Jay's, I don't think Jay can play this week. I said, why not? He said, well, he is not feeling well. And he is throwing is all swollen And. we can't. And I said, well, can, can we get 'em better? And And, it wasn't a sore throat And, it wasn't the mumps And, it wasn't it, it was leukemia And. it was a ravaging form of leukemia. Ja. July 3rd, 1992, we lost Jay McGillis And. it was a crusher for our, our whole team.


But the experience that they went through, and as close as I became to the family and watch what the family went through, one of my linebackers, Mike Panos came to me and said, coach, we gotta do something for the McGillis family. They're, you know, they're at the bedside of the sick child and they're not, they're not able to pay any bills. They can't do anything like, so I said, okay, sit down, Mike, let's talk about it. And. we came up with a plan where the players went into the community and got pledges for, you know, for maximum lifts. So in those days, in College Football in the spring, we'd do a max bench squat, power clean, you know, the whole deal. So they went out into the community and they got pledges.


We raised $50,000. We gave the McGillis family a check for $50,000 at halftime of the spring game. Well, the idea was implanted in my mind, Judy's and mind, that if we ever had a chance to give back, we would give back in the name and the image and likeness of Jay McGillis. And so in 1996, we, we started the J Fund Foundation, which has, as its objective, helping families who have a child with cancer. And we've done it for 29 years. We have helped over 5,800 fam, 5,800 families. And we've to the tune of over $28 million And.


we continue because the fight is ongoing. The battle does not get accomplished. It's an everyday battle and struggle for these families because when they hear those words that your child has cancer, the whole world changes for them. Yeah. If there are two, if there are two family, two people in the family are both breadwinners, one has to stop. Yeah. Okay. Because it, someone has to be at the bedside side of the sick child. So, but this is what we do. My daughter Kelly Coughlin Joyce is the, the CEO of of the J Fund. She's done a great job. we have a great team. we have a great team of devoted people to this cause.


And one of the things we've just started to do, which has really made a huge difference, is we take 10 families to Winn Dixie or sh or stop and shop And. we turn 'em loose in the, in the grocery store. And then we, we pay for that And. we had 10 families the other day who had $20,000 in grocery bills. And, we, we do this, we, we have the J fund is in New York, New Jersey, and in Jacksonville. That's Awesome. That's great. That's great. That's good work. That's so awesome that you're giving back like that. Well coach, this has been a great time. We really appreciate your time and Yeah, we're gonna be on Coughlin time now.


You, you got us because thank you guys. Yeah. Showing up early. Yeah. Get that, get that time at five minutes ahead of time and tell people why. Yeah. That's The key. Not early, you're late. Yeah. Maybe Even at some time you might want to take the sunglasses off. You Never know. No, I doubt that. Now you're going too far, coach. I'm in your doghouse. I love it. You're right. Alright, thank you so much coach. We appreciate It. Alright guys, thank you. See, have a good day.


Coaches brought to you by Black Ops. Black Ops is one of the most exciting of Call of Duty sub franchises. It's a spy thriller cinematic campaign. Best in class is back Black Ops multiplayer, return of round based zombies, vault edition incentives. It's all here. It's all back. And Black Ops is going to be the best video game of the entire fall. Pre-order. Call of duty Black Ops six right now. Go check it out. Head on over to call of duty.com/black Ops six pre-Order your copy right now. Again, the zombies are back. It's spy thriller. It's got heist, it's got everything. Been waiting for this all year. October 25th pre-Order it now.


Okay, let's wrap up. We got FAQs Henry. Hey, slimming cat, low key Genius. PFT, hanky, panky and Maxie. Just wanted to say thanks. Love everything y'all do and truly makes my weeks better. Listening to y'all question, what's the biggest miss? Y'all have had like a chance to interview someone that you had to say no to and haven't got the chance again yet. What are the chances of getting jaded on the pod soon? Since we got Caleb a few months ago, He has been the pod we've Had him on. He was on during his Heisman campaign. Yeah. We've had Him on, had him On. Oh, I right now, Blake of the year lottery ball. Yeah. Blake. But that was fun. It was bad, but it was fun. Biggest miss?


Hmm? I would say doing a television show. Yeah. No, but in terms of Guess don Don't know. We had, this was, this was pre Covid I think when Mantis worked for us. And he, this was before he blew up, but he was like, Jack Harlow's come in the office. Do you guys wanna interview him? We said no. And then like, I think within three months he was like the biggest rapper on the planet. That was a miss. Ah, I think about that one sometimes Bryan, I think here That day. But? yeah. Billy Was Zach Brown. Yep. No, Zach. Brian. Zach Brown. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. Billy Billy was like close with Zach Bryan before he blew up. That was a fucking miss. And Billy to Billy's credit, he kept being like, Hey, we gotta get this guy on the show.


He's gonna blow up. And we'd be like, okay Billy and I Love his music. Yeah. And we'd be like, all right Billy. And then we'd forget and then two weeks later, Hey, do you, you guys really should have him on? Do you want me to tell him that you guys want him on? And we'd be like, yeah, one day. And then next thing you know, he's Winning. I wish I had listened to his music back then. 'cause I would've said Yes Zach. Bryan, please come on the show. We'll make it up to you. Yeah, we Will make it up to you. But. yeah. don don't know. I feel like we've gotten almost everyone that we've Yeah. Not a ton of misses. What was the other part of that question? Was There another part of that question? Like, get Jayden on. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't, don don't need Jayden on right now. I mean, We've had him on. I'm in the mode. We'll get him on Again. I'm in the mode of just don't touch anything.


Yeah, we'll definitely get Jade nodding. The last thing Jayden needs is for my dumb ass to just have him on the show and tell him how awesome he is. Hey, PMT boys. PFT Specifically, what happened to PFT? Trying to take the bar. He bragged he could pass and talked about studying. I can, I never mentioned it again. I can, I can pass the bar. I'll do it. He's gonna do it when Hank dunks. No, that's more of a, it's more of an off season thing. I'm in football mode right now, so I say I'm gonna do a lot of stuff at the start of every football off season. I usually accomplish like 25% of that. I think I, I, I actually, we had dinner with, with Dan Morgan a few months ago and I was telling him, I think I could pass the bar. You guys aren't that smart.


He was like, you, you might be able to. So I think I'm, I think I'm gonna become a lawyer just like casually and then I'm gonna sue everyone. Are you gonna dunk? Yeah. It's getting, it's, we're getting the weather's turning. I'm training every day. I'm, I'm not, it's not something I've like, you know, forgot about. Okay. I'm going. I'm not drinking till Thanksgiving. Wow. Really? Overdrive. Overdrive. Did you drink last weekend? Yeah. Okay. What about, you just went into overdrive? Yeah. You're Ju you're three days into Overdrive. Yeah. What about Halloween? Oh, come on.


You gotta, no, come on Halloween Guy. You're not a Halloween guy. Everyone's a Halloween Guy. Go ahead. Memes question memes. So would, will this dunk be live stream or is it like a, Just a solo video itself? That'll be live streamed. I wanna do it Friday, December 21st. Speaking of big video is real. I don't wanna have to worry about it over Christmas Break. We we are, we are going, we're working on getting max pitching for dingers only. And. we might've upped it in terms of, no offense, UIC but upped the competition. Might've meaning the Key word might've. We're still very much, either way we're gonna do it. And if we do UIC again that they're gonna kick the shit outta Max And the dart stream will be before Thanksgiving.


Sometime the next three weeks. Okay. So you'll you'll be sober for it For sure. Oh, so the entire stream, you're not gonna have a single drink No. For the, that entire two weeks? Nope. What, what are you gonna say, max? I had nothing to say. Are you ready to pitch? I mean, I'm gonna get shelved. No, you won't. You're a fucking beast. Believe in yourself. Yeah. You're a beast. I mean, if don don't know, I don't think it's actually gonna work out, but if it does work out, I'm gonna like, I'm gonna get fucking smoked. I'm gonna be out there for a year. Yeah, I, I'm actually, I'm very worried about my knees. Wanna trade? I'm worried about catching. Oh No. Oh no.


Okay. Hank, next one. We can end with this one. Hey, slim cat. PFT pf tall cocky Hank two sodas ass crack Max. My question is, after doing the show for all these years, does it ever actually feel like a job or does it just still feel like shooting the shit with your buddies and talking a ball? I would say that between the lines, whenever we step into the studio, mics are on. It doesn't feel like a job. It's never felt like a job. I'd say the only time, yeah, the only time it feels like a job is if it's like a truly dead period of time. But we do Mount Rushmore season so it like, kind of reinvigorates us in the summer. That's, oh, Shane just walked in fist pumping.


'cause we bet the That's not a good thing. Shane. Do you know? Do you know my, do you know my futures? Like, what, what has happened? You're gonna lose to Mahomes in the playoffs. That's what's gonna happen. I Missed, what'd you Say? What? Why were you fist pumping The, the Chargers But. yeah, I know, but that's bad. I lose all my If you cash out, what, what if You cash out? I'm not gonna cash out. I'm gonna cash out out. I'll say this right now and you can shame me. You'll probably future. You'll be like, how can you cash out? No, I, I will No, no, no. Be cashing out. I'm not, I'm not gonna shame anyone because I, that was part of my pitch. I a hundred percent intend to cash out. Yeah. And, and then probably put that cash out on another team to win the Super Bowl. Can I tell you what you really should do then?


Put it in twice. I have a cash out option. I I their charters will not win the Super Bowl and I will be cashing outta this. All Right. Now I really want the charters to win the Super Bowl. Now I'm really not cashing out. They're gonna fucking run the table. Hell yeah. Cash out for sure. But. yeah. The, it's like the beauty of this job is not only that we all love each other and, and work well together. And I, I was thinking about it the other day and my, while I was taking a shower, I was like, we're getting very close to 10 years. Like I was shocked. We're coming up on nine. Hank sent those videos over of us going to the Jaguar's Bears game and I thought I heard him say eight years ago. Yeah. I was like, there's no way. That's eight years. Today's the anniversary of Miguel Montero's, grand Slim And. we were all there in the bleachers.


Eight years. Which is crazy. Yeah. No, it d it doesn't, for me, the only time it feels like work is if we're doing something where we're at work for like 14 hours in a day. Yeah. And then it's like, okay, it'd be nice to go home at some point. But as far as doing the podcast, it's don don't think for a second. It's felt like work to me. Well, Yeah. I think it's your your point is it's not in the studio. No. It's just when we're doing like logistics and like, there's shit, there's work stuff that comes up, but it's never in the studio. And the beauty of the show and what we, we love to talk about sports is that like sports are ever changing. So that's why it works, that we always have new material. Like the, I I've said it before. I love, I love, love football. It's my favorite sport. But around February when it's like the end of the season, I'm like, I could talk about something else for a little bit.


Yeah. And then, and I could take a break In the real dead zones. That's when sometimes we get the weirdest. Yeah. Which, which is usually pretty good. Mount Rushmore season. Should we rip a random around Mount Rushmore? We all go. It's occurred to me that without football, especially if we're talking like early July, mid-July the summer, we go temporarily insane. Yeah. We really do And we just, we just create ways to entertain ourselves when in the back of our head our, our real personalities are like, just give me more football. Yeah. Random Mount Rushmore real quick. People like this Mount Rushmore of teams that could win the Super Bowl this year. No. Who goes first? I went first last time.


Alright, so Hank Hank Chiefs Good pick Reagan. That's a really good pick. Hank. That was a really good pick. Ravens Lions. Oh fuck. You guys are really good picks. Damnit. I don't think the Vikings people Don't Niners don't Let people bully. Tune. Take him. Hank made a face. The walls Niners and this one, no, I can't do it. Texans. The Buffalo Bills. That's great value. Great value.


Yep. I got Cooper. I'll go. Vikings. Okay. There's a big value out there that I passed on that I actually think should have been a first Round Packers. Yeah. Mm. It's a good mount rush for Fuck it. Bengal. Oh, I love it. Eagles. Somebody laughed. Do you wanna know somebody left? Do you wanna talk about the odds? Because the Eagles are currently 16 to one and the commanders are 30 to one, so, okay, cool. So that was a good laugh. Good. I'm, I'm glad you enjoy looking at odds.


We were talking about value. You certainly Have, we were talking about, You've Had a lot of, we were talking about Value, a lot of fucking confidence in your Eagles Max. Yeah. No, but I mean, you're not in a position to be laughing yet. I'm laughing. You haven't been, you haven't been the playoffs. I'm laughing a decade for the, for the record. I'm, I'm laughing. This is a good mount rush for I'm laughing Max. This is a good mount rush for 30 to one. Take it. Yeah. Laughing. Take it take 30 to one. I'm I'm not gonna take it because Yeah, take 30 to One. I don't agree with you. I'm laughing. It's so funny to me. He's Laughing. Okay. Clip this. Who are you saying to? Just World clip this. Clip it. Okay. Clip it World. Yeah. Actually yeah, please clip it.


Please clip it and then we'll update this, we'll update this argument at the end of December. When, When neither of our teams make it outta the first round. Probably This too Max. Max is probably a hundred percent correct. We're both gonna lose in the first round of playoffs. We'll be like, remember when we yelled at each other? I like that better. Yeah. Okay. We took the Niners. They've been off the board, huh? Oh Yeah. Did anybody take the Vikings? Yeah. Think you gotta take the Commanders. Can you put this in Whisper font Commanders? Okay. I will not. Alright. Jets. There you go. Memes, jets and chargers.


I was, if you didn't pick the Chargers, Yeah, I would Immediately cash out. That would so funny. I would've been so funny if one of you said charges like, dude, no chance. I'm taking the NFC version of the Chargers, the Atlanta Falcons Bucks And I'll take the Bucks. I mean that was pug. I mean I was I'm going, I'm just looking at the odds. The bucks have the next best odds. Give me, I think, I think Rusty's gonna turn some things around. Gimme the Steelers. It's a good, I got a, A good defense Super Bowl winning experience. Good value. Super winning experience at Head Coach. Wait, what do you mean Super Bowl winning experience?


Who on the team? Russell Wilson. The Bears would've been better value There. But. yeah. Bears would've been better. Better value. Did they have Super Bowl winning experience at quarterback and Coach? You guys don't understand the word value. We're I'm literally we're going off of odds. He's going off Odds you Wait. Did you not take the Cowboys? No. Oh. Hank, You need a new coach. Tiffany is gonna be upset about this. She's trying to get Rich. She's trying to get the GM fired. What Jerry? Yeah. Oh, alright. That was good. Mount Rush for just feel We gotta contentious, we gotta stay in in Mount Rushmore shape Every now and then. Also Max the, the commanders made the playoffs like was that 2020?


Yeah they did Heineke Covid. He covered against Tom Brady. We beat you guys in week 17. Bears Also made the playoffs that year. Cool. That's kind of crazy that we both made the playoffs And. we both were like, there's 0% chance anything happens. Yeah. Whatsoever. You all, there was also like when I picked the Eagles, there were not a bunch of good teams left Jets Chargers. Yeah. The the the, it wasn't a crazy time to pick the Eagle Tote Adams bro. It is, it's crazy when you take into account what you've been saying about the Eagles for the last like two weeks. But it's but at that point we're when when you go to the third round Yeah. You're not picking teams that you actually think have a good chance of, of making.


It's also a possibility that, that sometimes people on the show say things to intentionally stir max up. Yeah, That's also true. That I am bad at reading. Yeah. Alright. Numbers 3 59. Five 15. Five memes. You wanna switch with me? 11. No, I'll take a step. Are you sure? I'm giving you a chance. 99 pull memes. You can have three right now. Nope. 1721. That means torture. 37. You never Love you guys.