
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have Chicago Bears head coach Ben Johnson. We are live from the combine in Indie. We're gonna do hot seat. Cool. Throw Max is back from his fitness vacation. Great to have Max. Hey, max back. Thanks, Hank. Thank you, Hank. Thank you. Hank. Talk a little combine, talk a little. Can you talk with a Canadian accent from now on? Yeah. Seriously. Ye Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No, nevermind. We have special guest Steven Cha doing guys on chicks with us.


We have a great show coming your way, and it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings.


Hey, basketball fans, are you ready to win real money? Check out Pick six from DraftKings when it comes to basketball payouts, DraftKings pick six dunks on its rivals, including prize picks. When you hit all your picks, you'll slam home higher minimum payouts on pick six than flex picks on fly prize picks. And best of all, you'll win even more cash if you post rise the competition. Track your pick for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. Don't settle for a smaller payout switch to pick six and cash in your basketball knowledge. New players get 50 in pick six credits instantly on just a $5 entry. The fun of the basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now, and use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5, give 50 in pick six credits. Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age in eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go Football guy. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. The fun of basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app app now, and use code take. That's code take for new customers to play.


$5, get $50 in, pick six credits. Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, February 26th and it's Combine Week. We're live from Indie in a conference room. It's Combine Week. The most magical city in Indiana. Yes, Indianapolis. That's facts. It was magic on these streets. Yes. So we have Combine Week. We have news coming out of the league. The tush push is being voted on to be banned, led by the packers. An unnamed team has requested that the NFL change, the tush push rule. That unnamed team is the Green Bay Packers.


The Green Bay Packers are being salty. Bitches About it. They're being salty about it. And for the record, I'm, I'm against banning the tush bush. This Is the Ravens. It's, it's, it's John Harbaugh all over again. They, yeah, there's, you could stop the tush bush. You could try to stop it. Yeah. You Could also stop them on first, second or third down. Or You could just try jumping over the line of scrimmage infinity times in a row to try to stop it. Keep the tush push, but also allow teams to do that. I Also feel like the bills in the a FFC championship game, like there was a pretty good like evidence against banning the tush push. They, Because it, sometimes it doesn't work. The weird part about it is the bills where the other team besides the Eagles that used that play the most this season. Yeah.


And it worked for 'em until the Playoffs Until It didn't and then it didn't work. And now Sean McDermott is like, yeah, I think I'm in favor of banning the play now. Well it's, it's just, I, I saw someone being like, how do you stop this? It's like, well, don't let them get to fourth and two or fourth and one. That's a way to stop it. How Do you stop it? Hit the weight room. Yeah. Max, what do you think about people trying to ban the tush push Loser mentality? They're all a bunch of pussies. The eagles are the best at it. They work on it a lot. They practice it a lot. They have the right guys to do it. I don't know why you would punish a team for just being better at one play than the rest of the league. Well said. Yeah. I mean they, they banned the slam dunk when Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was throwing it down too much.


That's True. So Maybe they'll bring it back. I don't, I think it's stupid. I think it sets a bad precedent of being like we, we have to ban. Maybe the only thing I would say is if you would want to ban being able to push players from behind. 'cause that that was the rule for a while. So you Yeah. But you're talking about just let them do normal quarterback sneaks more Normal quarterback sneaks. Yeah. The rule for a while was that you weren't allowed to assist a ball carrier. You couldn't have like a lineman or tight end grab somebody and push them forward. Right. Like the, the Matt liner, Reggie Bush play Bush push. Yeah. That would've been illegal at one point. Right. But then they took that out 'cause they said it was too hard to officiate. I don't think it's that hard to officiate. I don't think so either.


If you clearly see it, then you can call it. But, And I think it would actually, I think the Eagles would still be able to do it even without the push. Yeah. I think that their, their offensive line is that good and Jalen hurts. Is that good that they would still be able to do It? And I'm, I'm in a great spot here because I'm firmly saying that I'm anti banning the tush push. But I'm also gonna be really, really happy when they do decide to ban it. Do you think they're gonna ban it? I think they might. Hmm. I think they might. They did this last year too. They do this every year. Year. Win the Super Bowl last year. Yeah. There's more. They don't way different. They don't ban. Nobody's way Different. We also have Matthew Stafford looking for $50 million somewhere. Me Too. We All are. Yeah. Kirk Cousin's Found $50 million to do back That's, that's true. He's more likely to probably get paid $50 million than any of us.


But where, where's he gonna go? I think the Giants. Why not the Steelers? That'd be, that'd be Fun. Is that Aaron Rogers? I'm thinking if, if we're doing quarterback musical chairs this off season, I think it's gonna be Stafford in New York. I think this could be Aaron Rogers, Los Angeles. I think it's Sam Darnold, Los Angeles, Stafford, New York, Rogers, Vikings. Rogers probably the Steelers or the Titans. I don't know how Mike, do you think Mike Tomlin would enjoy? I think Mike Tomlin, he does like having personalities to juggle on his team. Yeah. At this point we can say that Mike to, he's done a very good job in the past of having some absolute psychos on his team.


Now it's to the point where I think he actually enjoys it. Yeah. He gets off on It. Yeah. He needs it. Yeah. To, to get out of bed. It's too bad that the cults seem like they're done with getting old quarterbacks because that used to be like, they just took a job. Like Jo Jobs are being taken away all across America. That's the cults have done that with old Quarterbacks. Yeah. I feel like that would've been the logical Kirk Cousins Swan song out There. It could have been Stafford, Kirk Cousins or Rogers. Yeah. So that like, come on, come on Ballard. You know you want to. Right. You know you want a stop gap. Right. Do It dude. So as it stands right now, Kirk Cousins, they've said that he's not going to be traded or anything. He's gonna be a $50 million backup on the Falcons. Okay. On the Falcons. Congratulations to Kirk Cousins.


What a move. A hundred Million dollars guaranteed signed last off season. Then they ended up drafting his replacement. Then he got hurt, allegedly. Then Pennix just took his job. That's Incredible. A hundred million dollars to not work. That is, that's the American dream. But the Falcons also said that they were never informed of any injury from Kirk Cousins. What do you mean? During The, so after the season was over Kirk's camp let leak out there. Yeah. It was dealing with a bunch of like shoulder elbow. Got it. Things like that. The Falcons are like, this is the first we've heard of It. I think it was just that he's old and had an Achilles injury And he might be old. And that's, it's hard to come. I mean, we're talking about two guys, Aaron Rogers and Kirk Cousins who were both old and had an Achilles injuries and they weren't totally themselves afterwards.


Yeah. Kirk Aaron Rogers top five quarterback. That's true. Top five quarterback for sure. Also, miles Garrett, the Browns have no plan on trading him, which I feel like they have to say. They just have to go through the motions of saying this. Yep. And then someone's gonna make him an offer they can't refuse and then they'll trade him. It sounds like maybe the birds. Yeah. We also had the, the GM for the Ravens said that Justin Tucker allegations are concerning. I'd agree. They're Waiting If they're real. That that is Concerning. They're waiting for the facts to come out this that's Concerning On this. So if if true that he allegedly nothing on the, the Steve Smith Band thing. No. That's not concerning the no, no Statement. No, I don't think so.


I think they probably were like, listen to Pardon My Take on Monday. They covered it for 45 minutes. More than enough on it. Yeah. I mean it in a perverse way. This is probably the best team that the Steve Smith thing could have happened to. 'cause they're, they've got bigger fish to fry out there. Yeah. Yeah. He But he, he's not gonna be the biggest pervert on the team. I Mean, Justin Tucker, he's, he's not gonna play again, is he? Yes. It's the NFL. We're waiting for the Come out. We're waiting for all the Facts. Are you Kidding me? Yeah. Yeah. When we said he was washed, we didn't know that it was a table shower. Yeah. Also we had, we had Aaron Glenn said, players upset over Aaron Rogers' decision. What's, what's going on there? Memes players are upset that they got rid of Aaron Rogers.


Which players? That's bad. Quinn Williams. Thumbs Down. He Wait. Quinn Williams give A thumbs, a thumbs down emoji on X when word of the teams, that is such a 20, 25 story. Yeah. Like, Hey, new coach, can you please address the fact that one of your players did a thumbs down emoji? Yeah. He did the thumbs down and he, he talked to Quinn Williams and they're gonna keep that conversation in-house. Okay. All right. But the but the thumbs down was not in-house. The thumbs down got out the thumbs down, got outta house. Yeah. Sometimes you just tweet thumbs down. You don't know what it's about. I don't think you know what the meaning of in-house is. Yeah. That's the most not in-house thumbs down I've ever seen.


It was reactionary. Like if it was in-house, he would've posted that to Slack. Right. Or he would've gone private or he would've done it just in a DM to a random person. Or he just would've walked around his house just going like this. Yeah. That's inhouse. If he had just walked around his apartment just being like, and his like wife or girlfriend's, like, what are you doing? It's like, can't even talk about it. Upset about Arod. Can't even talk about it. I'm just thumbs downing. Yeah. They, it's, it's in house now. Speaking of Arod, he might, he might get leaked. What? You see his half court shot? Yeah. Hit His half court shot. That's pretty impressive. Buck now for 10 k for a kid.


Yeah. It's pretty awesome. Sign him up. Yeah. Alright. Speaking of the league, the association, max, you are back. I know we talked about it briefly on Monday's show, but new reports came out that Joe m Bead could undergo a meniscus replacement procedure or a procedure where doctors break a bone in the hip to realign the joint and alleviate pressure. He should just retire. Disagree. I, he wants to play. He's a competitor. He's gonna have to, he's gotta do whatever it takes to get Healthy. Yeah. Which, which would you prefer your star player have a meniscus procedure or that they break a bone in his hip to alleviate knee pain?


That sounds horrible. Yeah. Yeah. Meniscus sounds better. But who knows? This could be some groundbreaking. We've seen the meniscus surgery before and he still, this Earth, this, this. No, but this one was called radical, radical Meniscus. This what Does that even mean? This His recovery's on a skateboard. Yeah. Yeah. He's got, he's gotta wear some St. Stussy. The same Sixers who made orbital bone fracture and nav NN navicular bone fracture. Common phrases in Philadelphia sports lexicon. He's had two of each. He had two of each of those. Damn. Might soon add one of these meniscus replacement, low dose radiation therapy, or even the ominous sounding osteotome osteotome in which doctors break a bone in the hip to realign the joint, to alleviate pressure.


One source called to procedures radical in light of the mundane injury and surgery that brought Embi to this point. For some reason, what should have been a routine rehab? Rehab and routine return to play has gone horribly wrong. Oof. Oof. Correct. I don't, I don't know what you want me to say. That's a big Yeah. Breaking a, breaking a bone to alleviate a different set of pain that you're having sounds, it sounds like it sounds radical. Sounds radical. Either radical or It sounds like something you would do in the 18 hundreds. Yeah. Like a civil war injury. Oh, you got shot in your, in your pelvis. No worries. We're just gonna take a sledgehammer to your foot. That way you won't feel your, oh, you're A witch. Let's just break your bone, your hip real quick.


Yeah. And see if you can survive. You Guys aren't doctors. You don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what I'm talking pretty close. Maybe it'll Help. We'll, pretty close. We'll break your hip. If your knee recovers, it means you're a witch And we have to kill you in anyways. Yeah. Yeah. If you we're gonna break your hip and if you can still drop 20 and 10, then you're a witch. Yeah. I don't know what you want me to say is, who Old Fit are you feeling Max? Huh? How fit are you feeling? Yeah. How was the fitness vacation? Fitness vacation was good. Yeah. I am. I'm pretty tired. Any yard sales? I don't know what that means. It's when you fall and all of your equipment goes everywhere. Oh yeah. And there's a yard sale time. There was at one point I accidentally went down a black, like a and pause.


Okay. A black. I went down a black diamond. I fell almost immediately. And then I couldn't get my ski back on because the mountain was so steep. So I just like went down stomach first like a penguin. Oh. The entire, See I see. I was sledding on my stomach all the Way down. How? And your ski weren't even attached. So I was holding them and then I dropped them 'cause I was going so fast. And some nice fell behind me. Got them for me and brought, dropped them down to the bottom of the mountain. How was the snow? It was okay. It was warm. It was like people were, there were, there were people were skiing with their shirts off. Not me. Oh, that's the best. It was. It was real. It was. It was like fifties, A little Slushy. Good powder. Yeah.


Nice. Yeah, it was fun. Cool. Love that for You. Yeah. No, I had a good time. Your vacation, I feel Fit On non vacation Week. Do you miss respect Miss Vacations? That hat Tip Max to taking the vacation one week. Yeah. It was a double vacation. I do That next year. That is wrong. I work when you guys do vacation week. You did? On what? Yes. What'd you Work on podcast? We Still doing? Yeah. Guess. Yeah. We don't miss any shows. That's true. That's A good point. Max. Thank you for service Max. Good point, Max. Thank you. Thank you. Are you Worried? You're welcome. Are you worried about oldie at all? Am I what? Worried About oldie. I, I, no, I don't Memes. Fuck me on all the captions. He just kept saying new producer and I and, and I Canadian match family members reaching out to me, be asking if I got Replaced.


Sounds like you're not, you not worried at all. I wasn't worried until Meme just kept saying new producer. Yeah. No, he had, he had the X factor. I oldie is great. I He's a great character. I want him agreed to be a part of this show. Agreed. Very much going forward. I just don't want him to take my job. X factor though. Yeah. Maybe X factor. Maybe switch him to social. What? Oh yeah. Good point. Oh, He could do some memes. I would love to see oldie signing memes. I bet he'd be great at it. That's A good point. Should Give him the account and have him sign his name. Yeah. Oldie. Oldie. Yeah. Let's give him a, a run through. Max. Do you want Miles, Garrett?


Of course. I want Miles Garrett. Okay. How bad do you want him? I don't as, as bad as Howie Roseman wants him. That's my answer. Would you rather Have the tush push or Miles Garrett. Miles Garrett. We would just sneak it. Would you go down on another black? Black? I went down a black diamond. I fell. Would you go down another black diamond for miles Garrett? Oh yeah, for sure. Okay. I would, yeah, I would go double. I would go double black diamond. Double Black. Diamond. Diamond. PFT. You. You don't ski. I don't know. So you wouldn't even, I don't know how To do that about it. I don't know how to do that. Sounds like he wants Miles Garrett more Than you. Yeah. And this, this is what was concerning me about the report. It was that the commanders are looking to make a strong offer, but if they do, the Eagles are set to make an offer that he can't refuse.


Ooh. That Sounds big Dom. It sounds like Big Dom is like, no, I'm gonna leave a horse head in bed. Yeah. That's big Dom. This is why can always for life. This is why I'm, I'm terrified of having big dom in the division because he can make trades like that happen. Yeah. Okay. Did we miss any other stories? Anything else going on? Combine Week, anything important? I don't think so. We got hot seat. Cool. Then Ben Johnson then guys on chicks Combine Week. Memes is getting memes. I think memes is getting a little extra zesty right now because he knows he's got Verini coming up tomorrow. Yeah, he's fired up. He's getting, he's getting his reps In. Although he did apparently see Verini today and didn't say anything. Just kinda swallowed his mic. Oh no. That I, wow. And He probably tweeted something like 10 Minutes later.


I've told that memes saw her made eye contact and then did not say a single word to it. I said hello and then I went. Then I didn't say a word. How did you say? What did she say? You Guys hug. She said, oh, hey guys. Hug. No, she gave Max a hug. Memes when she comes by tomorrow, you should just thumbs down her the whole time. Just keep your thumbs down the whole time I'm in. Keep it in house. Okay, let's kick it to ourselves. Hot seat. Cool Throne then Bears Head coach Ben Johnson. Then guys on chicks.


Okay, let's get to hot seat. Cool. Throne presented by Chevy. Chevy has packed more capability into the Silverado Trail Boss so that you can pack more fun into your weekend. Have yourself a Friday, Saturday and Sunny with a truck that says no to nothing. Tailgates spontaneous camping trips. DIY projects. Bring it on. What about a cross country road trip? Silverado was the perfect ride for last year's grit. Week out west. Recently. They helped us give fullbacks recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. The Silverado Trail Boss is built like a fullback. We're talking 495 fou pounds a foot of torque. Hold onto your sodas Max. Plus the Trail Boss gives you an extra two inch lift. So maybe Hank can finally dunk. Silverado brings the grit, then pairs it with all the latest truck tech inside and out the result. A truck that can do it all. Then show up Monday with a story to tell. So learn more about the Silverado Trail. Boston chevy.com Chevrolet. Together. Let's drive.


We're also brought to you by our friends. At truly, truly unruly is the first high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. Truly unruly is a hard seltzer that brings, breaks all the rules. Drink light parties hard with 8% A BV. It hits hard but still tastes amazing. Comes in fresh. Four fresh flavors. Tropical twist, Berry blast. Citrus Crush. Strawberry Smash. I am a strawberry smash guy. P-F-T-U-R-A. I like the Berry blast. Berry Blast. Hank, you're a tro tropical twist guy. Yep. Max's Citrus Crush. So we got a flavor for everyone. It is great. 8% A BV. It's starting to get warm out. It's like 50 degrees in Chicago and this week. Feeling good. Get back out on the golf course. It's gonna be the summer of Truly. And we're gonna get unruly. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly at a store near you. Or visit www.trulyhardseltzer.com. That's truly hard. seltzer.com Truly unruly. The official. The official hard seltzer of Pardon My Take. 8% A BV. And tastes delicious. We love truly. So go get it. Truly now. It's gonna be a great summer. We're gonna get unruly with truly Hell yeah.


Hank hot seat. Coone. My hot seat are planes. Why? There was another, although I guess maybe they're on the cool throne. 'cause you know, everyone's freaking out about planes. Planes are crashing. What's going on with all the planes today at Midway Airport in Chicago, a southwest plane was coming down to land. It basically got to the ground and then it had to pull back up because there was a private jet, like a hundred feet in front of him that if it had landed, it would've just went straight into it. Whoa. Runway incursion. Yeah, they did. Toga power. So another close call. Yeah. Took off. Went round, round. Fact check. Safer to fly than ever. Mm. Source Fact, Check source.


Reality. Reality. He just, the Reality. Is there any stats to back because, because last time I checked we've had one plane land flip over. Almost kill the entire flight. Had that before. Is there zero? Is there a chance though? So far Any good landing is one that you can walk away from. Yeah. That was a great landing. Is There a chance though, Hank, it's like when you buy a car and then you see that car everywhere. You are acutely aware of plane near misses. No. So now you're seeing them a lot more. Couldn't be that. No, it's actually, it happened on the way down to Indy. Steven Shea, who is 38 years old and was born yesterday, was enamored by the fact that there was an oversized load car basically, you know, behind what was an oversized, oversized load on the highway.


He's like, I've never seen that before. Again, I don't know how that's possible. We then saw it three times and had a discussion about Steven Chase's semen load and how it's still okay after the vasectomy. That probably is what's happening here. I don't know how that applies to Steven Chase come. But you get what I'm saying? No, Hank shoots an oversized load anytime he sees a video of a plane almost crashing. Yeah. Now it's to the point where Hank almost enjoys the plane crashing. You're just Looking is sad. You're just seeing it more. And the, the fact is, Hank, this is so January so false. January, January of 2025. Fewer plane incidents than January of 2024. Wow. Source. How about that reality? The source is the documented worldwide incidents of plane crashes.


Wait, when did that plane crash? In DC February? I don't recall. I think that was February. But you are seeing, oh no, that was January. You are, you are seeing more. No, I mean, thanks to Thanks. I've been chilling out harder than ever. I'm just, have you, I'm just living. Yeah. I don't look for these things. They get sent to me. Well, yeah, I mean, I want you to be aware. No, I just want to, I just wanna live, you know, happy. So you don't want me to send you any like No, no. If Like a thousand dolphins decide to beach themselves on a remote island, do you don't want me to send it? No. Mahalo. What about if like a huge flock of birds just flies into the Empire State Building? That's just life, man. Yeah. What about if the Empire State Building tweets something and then has to delete it Live and let live.


Okay. Alright. But I mean, you're the one that put planes. Hot seat now you're saying live now you're saying like, just chill out. Which one is it? What was the first one? No, I mean I I I learned from, from from my big bro. Big Cat. Like, just, just chill out. Chill out man. Nothing matters. There's nothing you Can do about it. Yeah. We're all along for the ride. Nothing matters. Just enjoy while you can. You know, how about A little respect for the pilots of Southwest Air? Choose to be happy. That's A great move on their part. Yeah, Yeah, that's what I'm saying. So they, I really should put 'em on the cool throne. Don't worry. Be happy. Kuna Matata. Yep. And then my cool throne is Timothy Chalet. Oh, okay. He won a SAG award and then I, I just liked, I liked his speech.


He gave a good speech after he won a SAG award. And he is like, you know, a lot of times it's when you know athletes and actors, they go up there, you know, I just wanna thank God and I'm just so blah, blah, blah. He kind of was just like, yeah, I wanna be one of the greats. I'm going hard. Love That. He hates God. Yeah. He's having a moment. He is, he Say anything Almay. Did he say who he liked in Mississippi State, Alabama? He Did not. That would've been Nice. It would've been nice. It would've been Nice. But he is, I is he the answer for like, he could be the answer. 'cause we, I, we've had this discussion before, but like, who is like a front of the poster movie star right Now? Army Hammer. It's Army Hammer. It's like Tom Cruise. Did you hear about Arm Hammer's movie that he is doing?


Yeah. Is he eating people? It's called The Dark Knight. Wait, Is he back? Back? Yeah. I thought he was selling real estate in The Bahamas. No, he's, he's back, he's doing A movie that's his twin. It's, It's called The Dark Knight. It's a movie about a vigilante superhero kind of guy. And it's not related to Batman Army Hammer, shout out Army Hammer. Because he basically has proven like when everyone's like, I'm getting canceled, you should be like, dude, the guy like actively wanted to eat people. Yeah. And he's back. Yeah. It was Satire. Yeah. King Shaman now. No, I'm not. I'm actually doing the opposite. I'm literally doing the opposite. I'm like, dude, if he can do it, My favorite fact about Army Hammer it, it weirds me out every time I re relearn this one.


His grandfather was the CEO of Armand Hammer. But, but his grandfather, what his grandfather's name was was Armand Hammer. Armand Hammer. He was the CEO of Armand Hammer. But he didn't, he wasn't the founder of Armand Hammer. Whoa. So he, his name was Armand Hammer. Hammer the company Armand Hammer came out and everybody was like, dude, you should buy this company 'cause it's your name. And then he ended up buying the company. That's sick. So he is kind of the heir to the Arm and Hammer franchise. But they didn't find it. Wow. I had a, I had a fun fact that I forgot. I think I knew it. But that Tony Hawk's grandson is also Kurt Cobain's grandson.


Yeah. That's pretty cool. That is pretty cool. He posted something about it. But that's the coolest kid that's ever been Created. Is his name Mike? I don't know what his name is. Mike Cock. Mike co. Yeah. A good name. That is his name. What Are you looking up? Max Loves that one per, He loved it. Well Max is still fucked up from his fitness Figure. Alright. I sorry, I'm not allowed to Laugh. No, no. It's okay. I like it. We, we got a little hungover Max from the fitness vacation. Maybe We can do a little remix of the outro song with some John Summit. Make you feel like you're still on Vac a. Yeah, Summit crushed it. Dude. How many times did you do this on your vacation Max? A whole lot Of that. Yeah. Mostly that. That was your big move.


What are you looking up Hank? I'm reading about the Hammer family. It's crazy isn't it? The Grandfather was accused of murder in 1955. Oh, Oh, okay. But did He eat the body? I don't know. But he was separately accused of sexual abuse by his daughter. Yikes. Oh, Okay. All right. Cool. That's some light stuff. All right. PFT My hot seat Is Bonnie Blue? Mm. She is a liar. She lied to us. No She's not. What? She's not actually Pregnant. You you mean Bonnie Blue who fucked a thousand dudes Faked pregnancy. What you think, you know somebody but Is at least Lily pregnant? We still unclear about that one. Okay.


I'm gonna guess probably not. Was They both claimed pregnancy? Yeah, I think one of 'em is Arms pregnant. It's like magic and bird. I think it was. I think her friend got pregnant and then she did like the really shitty friend move and be like, oh, I'm pregnant too. Well what, what she claims she did was she said that she, she said she was pregnant to get more money on her OnlyFans account. Mm. And then she used that money to pay for her friend's fertility treatment. Ah, IVF 'cause the price of eggs going way up. So There is a pregnancy There. Someone is about to be pregnant. Got it. And I think the other girl Lily. Yeah, I think she, she might be pregnant but now since it's like a boy who cried wolf situation. Got It. So now since, but she only fucked a hundred guys, right?


Yeah, I think so. So Probably not Pregnant. Elon should really lean into it and just put a, put a rocket baby in in Bonnie Blue. I agree that, I mean that would be if he, if if people are gonna just trash him, might as well just go all the way. Yeah. She's being like boom Rocket baby with the thousand shit guy. I agree with that thousand dude guy. What? What do you for? For our listeners, I mean obviously I'm really good with this stuff, but IVF Yeah. Is Fertility stuff To help. It's fertility treatment. Have Have babies. If You can't have it in vitro fertilization. Mm. You got it. Yeah. Yeah. You in vitro. In vitro They used to call 'em test tube babies. You know that? Yeah.


It makes sense That it's where they take you. You like nut into a bottle and then the girl nuts into a bottle and then you mix 'em together. Girl nut, you stir 'em around. Girl Nut, they get the little whisk thing with eggs. They whisk it, you froth it. Baby gets and then, and then you have to water it and then put it in sunlight and then boom baby. It's pretty Cool. But yeah. So Bonnie Blue liar. Yeah. Couldn't, well I guess cool throwing Paul Binet. Yeah. He can still munch that bin. Yeah. Although I think maybe hot seat Paul Binet. 'cause there was a chance he was gonna maybe be a father. He would've been the dad who stepped up. Yeah, Exactly. Alright. My cool throne is Gronk. Yes.


Hank, did you hear about this? I did. So there was a report today amongst the Denver media that Rob Gronkowski is considering a return to the NFL and that he would like to potentially play for the Denver Broncos. Wow. Did you this real No, 0.0. The, the report from some random account. It was the like facts that we're going off of was that Gronk worked with Sean Peyton last year or on Fox the year before. And he likes Bo Nicks. Okay. Well I think there was a little bit more to it than that Hank Was to tell. Why would that report just come out? They, they've worked together way in the past.


It's there more that I missed. League Sources tell me four time Super Bowl champion Brokowski is considering return to the NFL. He worked with Sean Pay and Fox and I'm told he loves Denver. You left that part out. Oh, you left that part out. Hey you did. So you were being, You were trying to get, I forgot that he loves Denver also, Which There's no way That's true. Left because They Lost you very conveniently left out. Two major parts of this report. One he loves Denver. This guy's false. False. That definitely false. A guy was told that he loves Denver. That's definitely false. And also false. Two of his brothers, Dan and Chris had short stints for the team. Short toe. There you go. So there's clearly history. There's a big pattern Here. Yeah. No, Dan was on the team for like a year and I, I don't even think Chris was on the team for a full year.


But yeah. Loves Denver. Well Denver sports.com reporting. Dan was on the team. I do like the idea of Gronk retiring and then being like, man, my body feels good and then just keep coming back. Yeah. He, until he is like 60, He's also like the ultimate like responsible with his money. Guy never spent any of his playing money. Only spends his sponsorship money. Has a trillion sponsors. Like he does not need the money. No, He Loves football. There no reason. No he Doesn't. He loves Denver. He and he loves Denver. He loves Denver. You forgetting the Denver parts? I did. I was, I forgot. I forgot about that. How would He possibly live in Denver if he wasn't playing for the Broncos? There's no way you can't do that. There's no chance he could do it. If they're looking to bring on a guy that hasn't played in the NFL as a tight end, I feel like Yoic would be a damn good tight end.


But does he love Denver? I don't think he loves Denver. I don't think he loves Denver and his brothers. I don't think his brothers ever played for the Broncos. Yeah. Yeah. You, you, you're pretending like this is fake When say what was the last line again? Well the last line was that his brothers both played for the Broncos. Oh. What was the line before that? He worked with Sean Peyton at Fox. And I'm told he loves Denver and Quarterback Bon. That was, yeah, He Loves Denver. Dude. He's gonna be a Bronco. There's no other way for him to do this than be a Bronco I think. I think it could happen. Yeah. Alright. My hot seat is, oh, also baby Gronk has committed to Georgia. Oh he said he will commit to Georgia. I hate that kid. Per no offense.


Why baby girl University Of Georgia? Yes. I got your offer, but is there any baddies in Georgia? Oh, Excuse me. Any baddies? Jenny Smith. What are you doing at Georgia baby? Are you Stalking me? He found a body here. Oh, side hug. Any he hitter with a side hug too. Damn. So he got the offer he's committing to Georgia. Do you think baby Did He Absolutely hates big justice in the Grizzler. 'cause like I feel like that was, you can, you can point to where Baby Gronk went down. Maybe it was actually when Baby Diggs showed up. Yeah, because he can lock Down Baby Gronk. What? What'd you say? Hey, did You call Baby Gronk? Did he I called you. Did he? Why? Because you were just breaking down him finding a body.


He's like 12 years old. No, he said there Are no a badie. He said there are no baddies that go to to Georgia. Then I said, but That Even still Then I misspoke and said Body instead of Badie. Okay, You, you know what Hank you are on an all time hate streak right now. He's just mad. I'm just an, I'm an all time honest streak. I Speak my mind. I don't know what you want me to do. You're Clearly rattle. Not the fact that Gronk loves Denver. Yeah. And it's not, it's nothing against Baby Gronk himself. It's obviously his, his family. But that is the weirdest internet, internet storyline that exists. I think not Not the Costco guys. I Came around on them. Okay, good. I came around on them. You're On the right side of history. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Max.


Because honestly, when they came to the office he was funny and I was just like, I was like, oh yeah, not gonna Lie. And Jerry wants to fuck Their mind. I was talking a lot of shit. He Oh, he's like, oh do. And I just, I, it was so Funny. Jerry's talked me into Mama Justice. Oh yeah. He's shown me enough. I've, I've been Stockholm syndrome Mama Justice has got it. Yeah. Have you guys seen the, the newest child stars on the internet? No. The Maryland Foodie Boys. Oh yes. I love those guys. Seen my awesome. We actually are like, we shouldn't prop these guys up because they're gonna take our job industry plans. It's a bunch of like 12 year olds who have a food podcast. But they haven't tried any food. 'cause they're 12. Okay. So like is Celery Nah, They, they did a love that they did a pizza topping discussion and they all were like, I usually just like cheese, but I guess maybe pepperoni.


That was the whole discussion. Put a clip, put that clip in here. Right. What's your favorite topping on a pizza? I'm just a, if I had to choose it'd probably be like pepperoni. But I'm not a big, I'm not a big, I'm just a regular cheese guy. Yeah. We, I just do cheese. I don't, I don't do, I just do cheese. I don't really like pepperoni. It's kinda a weird taste. I'll do pepperoni. But same thing like Yeah, a lot of people are big pepperoni fans. I think meat lovers too have meat lovers couple times. I'm not a big fan of it. I'm not a big fan of like the sausage in general. It either. I've never had a meat lovers. None Of none of them like pepperoni. It was, they like pepper. It was too, it was too spicy for them. Too spicy. But they have a food podcast. Yeah. I love that. They, they had a long discussion about what actually actually are dry rub wings.


I wanna see the episode where they get introduced to ranch on Pizza. It's so awesome, dude. Yeah. One of The kids said that he hasn't had a different lunch since kindergarten. I assume he is probably in sixth grade. Yeah. But he just, it was, and that spark peanut butter and jelly yogurt, chips, fruit and a juice box. I love that. He's had the same lunch every single day. But he has a food Pocket and they're just like, yeah, let's talk about this today. It's like, has anyone tried it? No. End of show. What is this? Strawberry jelly. Oh yeah. We got clip the clip in for the people. Yeah. Fuck the pizza one had me dying. They're just going around being like, yeah, I'm kind of just cheese. Alright. My hot seats is anyone who hates Taylor Swift. Not us.


We love Taylor Swift. We're Swifties. 'cause Travis Kelsey's not retiring. Okay. So His GM said that he was pumped for him to be back. Okay. So that was a fun little thing. Travis. So is that confirmed or is that just the GM says that he's pumped The GM said he was pumped. Travis, I feel like Travis chief's Gm, Travis Kelsey should always be pumped. Chief GM expects fired up Kelsey to play in 25. Okay. Fired up. How we left the end of the season is that he was fired up. I think we left it as he'd be back and we're excited to get him back and get him going. So cool. Throne is the swifties. Yeah. There. Because I also saw a story, an unconfirmed report that she's got a beef with Blake Lively going right now.


Oh, is that true? Hank Hank explain the Blake Lively Ryan Reynolds thing to me in three sentences. Okay. Blake Lively Diva gets in fight with director and forces her power and uses Ryan Reynolds to shape a narrative. Oh. Movie flops. Then she goes back and blames the director. Oh. Even though it was her that was kind of doing everything the whole time. So we're, We're about, we're Baldon and Then now everything's getting public And we Bros Baldoni is, is just releasing everything. He just started a website and he's just leaking every single conversation.


Got it. And every single piece of evidence he has, I think he's also a little bit of a diva. Like it's kind of, they're just doing pr Got It. Articles, Pr like, let's just, let's just get some articles going. It Sounds like this type of stuff happens all the time on basically any movie. I just, I just, I think Ryan Reynolds is the biggest loser outta the whole thing, so Right. For being a good husband. Yeah. But he just, he was, you know, a a a beloved person I feel like. And he's kind of looking a little scummy this whole thing. I haven't Changed my opinion on him. He's a wife. Didn't have an opinion. None. I Don't really have, no, I don't watch some Marvel movies. I enjoyed Was he waiting? I enjoyed Van Wilder. That was funny. Yeah, It was funny. Yeah. Van Wilder waiting. Two great films that cool. I like the welcome Tore some thing.


Yeah. That's cool. I I just, that's one of those stories that I know it exists, but I never read anything. And then it popped up again with the SN L 50 when everyone's like, how could he make this joke? Well, So they're suing in, in the lawsuit. There's Blake ly is saying like, she's caused emotional damage by everything that's going on. Ah. So that's like in the lawsuit. So you can't So then to go to sn l Yeah. Where his ex-wife who he left for who? Scarlett Johansen. Oh. Who was married to Colin. Colin, Joe. Maybe not Sound Joes. So he left Scarlett Johansen to start dating Blake Lively. 'cause they were co-stars in a movie together. Classic scumbag move and then to show up at SNL 50 and then make a joke about it when in the lawsuit they're saying she's so emotionally damaged that this is happening.


Oh. Like it kind of who, you know, playing both sides there. But Is there any truth to the fact that there's a a, a rift between Blake Lively and Taylor Swift now? I think Taylor Swift. I don't know. I don't know about that. That's, that's Swifty stuff that I'm not fully caught up on. But Blake Lively was, was in Taylor's box forever. All this stuff happened. Yep. She was in no Box to be found and nowhere to be found with Taylor. So wait, so I think that's just Swifty speculated Ryan Reynolds went from Scargo to Blake Lively. Yeah. Fuck that guy. He's he's had a good time. Damn. Yeah, I mean Respect, But Fuck him. Yeah. Take, take my hat off to him. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. My cool throne is actually all of us. Nice. Because Sydney Sweeney is not getting married as of right now For us.


I thought, I thought you were just gonna say 'cause we're getting the phone. Oh, the phone. Listen, I'm gonna try to buy a Wge phone for a good friend Mark Titus. 'cause he loves Wge for people who didn't see it. Woe is auctioning off his old phones for St. Bonnie's NIL. And if you're like, why would I want his old phone? Well, let me pull it up real quick and give you a little ex explanation for why you'd want it. So this is one of the phones you could buy from. Woe. How about this? Hank, would you like this one? iPhone used to break Paul George KW Leonard to the Clippers.


Woe use this phone iPhone XR from 2018 to 2019 to discover and announce Major NBA news including Kevin Dur and Kyrie Irving teaming up in Brooklyn. Anthony Davis joining LeBron James in Los Angeles and Paul George and Quai Leonard both landing with the Clippers. Just moments apart around 2:00 AM That's pretty cool. It it's more than just a phone. It's a piece of history. That is a huge phone. iPhone used to break NBA suspending season for Covid. That one's a hell of a phone. I Don't like that phone. I actually did text wo and I was like, do you have any other phones that we could buy Black Market? And he's like, he's gonna look for us. Okay. Because I Would like a woe Phone there. I mean that brings up a good point. What phones historically would you like to purchase?


I think the Brett Fav phone. Yeah. Brett. Good one phone would be good. Joe Horn. Joe Horn. Horn Joe Horn's phone from underneath the, the uprights and the inside. Tom Brady Deflate phone's. No, That takes destroyed The, I would like to buy the Diana Rossini reporting on Max's farts and two sodas phone. We could Actually probably make that happen. Want that? I might Still be, I might still be active phone. That might be an active Phone. That phone. Yeah. It might be bad. I'd like the phone. Where, and we're going on Friday. We'll have Shafter on it. I would love the phone where the des tape is stored. That would be nice. But yeah, we should, we should maybe sell some of our Stuff like that makes me wish we, like, imagine if we just like had, had archived all of our shit instead of just throwing it away or like doing the pile donations.


This Big Cat phone has over $5 million lost in gambling. You are really gonna want this one. Whose job hypothetically would've been to archive all the part of my take stuff That would've been you. How's the Bon list going this year? Let's, let's pull it up. Because The people love it. Yeah, they do. You you just aren't doing it. That's True. I think I, I maybe just got way less horny this year. Way less horny. I turned 40. Lost my mojo. Is is me saying that we all got a shot with Sidney Sweeney On the I'm back. I'm back Because we all got a shot with Sidney Sweeney. This is confusing. Not 0% chance. I can see it from here.


I feel it's not a, it is not a substantial list. Oh no, No. There's one entry. There's one Entry. Okay. Hank on Give list right Now. It's not completed. PMT Stats and info. We're gonna have to have you help out Hank and maybe get some bonk list going for him. No PI mean there hasn't been much. Well what do you, What do you mean? We, we, we do the bon lists in the middle of summer. So it's been six months. Did we even do it last year? I think we had the same issue. And then you're like, Take it one. Seriously. Last year I had one from last year. I had one from last year. Okay. So we did do it last year And we did, we didn't do it on the show. Alright, so we have two years maybe. We Definitely did it on the show. Yeah. PFT is Mike Pence. Assume Max was going to say sexual things to female coworkers when Oh, and he wouldn't go on the bachelorette party.


Oh Yeah. No, that's not it. No. You wanted me to. Oh, PFT is Mike Pence. Like you assume that if Max is talking to female coworkers. Yeah. You wanted me after the Eagles fan was disrespectful to the, the women. You wanted me to go up to the women of Barstool and say something nice. Oh yeah. You Assumed nice but respectful. But you just assumed everything was going to be sexual. No. Say something nice but respect's. Right. I don't, I just told all of they're really good at their job. That's, that's a weak, weak bon list. Hank. Yeah. Your bunk list sucks. Hank. I started the Bon list like myself. I know. It was my passion project. Love it. It's not assignment people. People want it. People want it. Okay. Let's, let's do our interview with Ben Johnson.


Before we do that, we got a couple ads. We'll get to Ben Johnson in a second. He's brought to you by our good friends over at Lucy. Lucy is the obvious choice for the true nicotine pouch connoisseurs. That's why they are the official nicotine pouch partner of Barstool Sports. Lucy Pouches go up to 12 milligram of strength. Have a unique shape that feels great. Lucy Breakers are the only pouches with a hydration capsule inside. There are a totally new kind of pouch only available from Lucy. I've got the Lucy Breakers. The eight milligram espresso right here tastes like coffee. Tastes delicious. And I love the hydration capsule. You crack it open with your teeth and it releases a burst of flavor. The capsule releases that flavor. It helps release nicotine faster for an experience that you can't find with any other pouch. Get Lucy shipped straight to your door. Visit lucy.co/pmt. Use promo code p mt Get 20% off your first order. Subscribe for another 15% off and shipping is always free. Lucy products are only for adults of legal age. Every order is age verified Warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.


Ben Johnson is also brought to you by Uber Eats. It's winter and you can now get almost anything you you need for the coldest month of the year delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a snowplow delivered, but you can get snow peas delivered. Sunshine, that's a no but a bottle of wine. That's a yes. Snow angel, no angel hair pasta. Yes. Uber Eats can get you that along with a side of garlic bread and creme brulee. To top it all off, get almost, almost anything for your winter delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by region. See app for details.


And now here's Ben Johnson. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. It is Head Coach of Chicago Bears Ben Johnson. Coach, thank you for joining us. I have a loaded first question for you. Can I start with the first question for you first? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Alright. Super Bowl scenario. Okay. By the way, I watched an AI thing where they, they simulated the next 10 years of the Bears with Ben Johnson. Caleb Williams. We won two Super Bowls. I like that. Yeah. Pretty good. Okay. Scenario Super Bowl Chicago Bears versus New England Patriots. Who bears are you rooting for? Bears. Bears. You're bears All day. Okay. Bears good Bears. We got that one out of the way.


Bears. Yes. Alright. My very, my my first question's. Very important question. Yep. Very important question. Cat or dog guy? Dog. Yes. God. Good answer. Good answer. Thank God. All right. That's the end of the interview. That's all I needed. There was another coach that we had on, There might have been another coach few years ago That said not only cats but multiple cats. Yeah. That should have been Red flag. Who was that? I don't know. Forget the guy Name. You might've been a the coach before you for the Bears. Alright, so you're a dog guy. Do you have a dog? I do not have a dog. Okay. But you love dogs? I like dogs. I like dogs. Okay. That I should Dogs. Yeah. No. Yeah. I love dogs. Should end the interview. We So you don't own a dog. What? Are you an aspiring dog owner? No, I'm not.


Okay. Dogs. But you lost, You appreciate their working. I don't have time for pets, guys. That's fair. That's Football. Football is life. Football is life. So I, I was actually, I was a little bit worried that you were not gonna show up today 'cause you love canceling interviews at the last second. Mm. Is that true? Oh, That was a harder question than question was. Hard question was harder. Question to question. Yeah. I didn't question, it sounded like a statement. I was expressing My deep fears. No, honestly, I I, I did want you as the coach of the commanders last year. I think it worked out well for everybody involved. No question. Yeah. Washington had a great year. Yeah. Great year. Yep. Great ending. Okay. Alright. So you, you've been the bears head coach for o over a month now.


Is it, has it kind of settled in that you are a head coach in the NFL? Like that's, it's pretty, pretty damn cool. Like has it started to be like, whoa, I'm actually running this organization? Yeah. Yeah. I think it's, it, it, listen, it's been everything I wanted it to be. I know that it's been five weeks and a lot of work and getting the coaching staff together, getting schedules in place and it's a lot going on. So I haven't had a chance to reflect yet or anything like that. But no, it's exactly what I wanted. I Love that. I love that. Would you say you're an offensive guru, a wiz kid or a QB whisperer? I'd say a damn good football coach. Oh, I like that. Because my next question was gonna be like, which one of those is the best leader of men? And does any of this shit matter?


No. Yeah. Listen. Yeah, none of those terms matter. I I, I hate all those terms actually. I agree. I wanna be a damn good football. I wanna be, I wanna be remembered as Andy Rees or Belichick esque. Like that's, that's what I aspire to be. I like that A lot. You seem like a, like an intense guy. Somebody who know very clear about your intentions for everything. When did you know that you wanted to be a head football coach? I think it's been every step along the way. That's when you start looking at the next step. And so when I was, when I got, when Dan Campbell promoted me to tight ends coach, there was a point I was like, man, I could, I love this job. I could do this for the next 20 years. This is great. But then eventually you're like, well I I would love to call plays too at some point.


And so well, you get the opportunity to do that. And then once you're calling plays for a little bit, you're like, oh, well there's another, there's another ladder to climb here. So yeah, it it, over the last call it three years, that's where it really came, came to shape. I can't tell you, I got into this business to be a head coach, that that really wasn't, wasn't the intent. The intent was to be around some really good people. And I love the game, I love the sport and everything that, that comes out from it. And so it's just been a natural progression and, and it's really the next step. I Heard that somewhere along the line you were, you were writing code. Yeah. Is That true? That was a long time ago. Was it like in a football capacity? Yeah. To a degree. Pretty Does that, that's pretty cool.


You, you were watching, watching film, figuring out like ways to arrange data or what, what was That? Yeah, so it's, it's a, it was a way of taking what was ever already in, put it into the system and organizing it a different way. So listen, it's not fun or sexy to talk about. I don't think we need to. That's pretty cool. That's a, that's a, it's an interesting ability that you have. 'cause if you were to go back 20 years, how many football coaches ever, ever written code trying to organize our systems? It's probably 0%, right? Probably not many. Yeah. There's probably not many. Yeah. I mean, that's, that's pretty cool part of your past. I'm sure that there's, I mean, getting to this point where you're a head coach, the NFL is an incredible accomplishment. I know you have a lot more things you wanna accomplish, but like being a code writer, I don't, I can't imagine that's like PFT said there's probably not a lot of guys who've coached the NFL who did that.


That's pretty damn cool. Yeah. If you think so. I, I'm, yeah, I do. I think it's cool. I'm, I'm counting as cool. Alright, so I love Kle Williams. What do you see in Kle Williams and gets you excited about coaching Kle Williams? I would say what stands out, which is different than where I came from, would be the ability to improvise the, the creation when things break down, extend plays, throw out, throw on the move outside of the pocket. He's a dynamic athlete. He's got, he's got all the intangibles I believe that, that the great quarterbacks have. He wants to be great. He wants to be coached. That was important as well. So I, I'm still getting to know him, but I really can't wait to, to get to work with him.


Yeah. Yeah. One thing that I really love about your coaching style is all the downfield laterals that you do. You like those? I Love 'em. Okay. So we've been, we've been talking about that on this show. I've, I think every single head coach that we've interviewed, I've been telling them like more downfield laterals, there's ability to break open big plays by the way that, you know, defenses are, are coached on how to tackle swarm to the ball, opens up gaps. You use that as much as anybody in the NFL in your offense. Is that something that you've like grown up looking at the, you know, the percentages and, and done all the analytics and said you have the ability to make bigger plays. Like how did that become a key part of your playbook? Well, Let, let me start the head coaches you did talk to, what did they say? Were they gonna, They would, they would kinda laugh and they'd say, well, no, they would laugh and they'd say, yeah, but you also have a high risk of turning the ball over.


Oh, come on. That's, that's baloney. That's what they said about the triple option. Yep. When that came to, to light. Right. And so, listen, it was last year we're watching self scout as a staff, and there was a certain concept we had ran a number of times a year before. And it was like, well, what if we did this? You see the same reaction from the defense. It didn't matter what coverage they were in the same reaction. What if we just sent another player going the other way And we, we threw the ball to 'em. And so that's really how that came to light. We did probably, what, four or five of 'em this year in Detroit. And they ended up being pretty darn good place. But you gotta have the right players too. Yeah. But it was St. Brown. Yeah. You know, so you get to get the ball with St. Brown, he's gonna make sure he is doing the right thing with it. Yeah.


He's A dog. You have to coach it. You have to have guys that are ready for it, guys that are ready to pitch it. And if you watch rugby, it's, there are people that are very capable of, while they're getting hit, offload the ball, boom. Break it for a touchdown. Well, you, You see Kansas City do it. Yeah. But that's a little bit more ad lib I feel like, you know, whereas we were a little bit more detailed about the relationship. But it, like I said, the triple option, I'm sure when that came came out years ago, everyone was like, what the hell is this thing? And you know, I feel like this is just our version of the triple modern day, triple option, if you will. Yeah. How deep is your bag? It, it's deep, right? Oh, it's deep. It's deep. It's no. All right. So settle this debate though, because every time this would happened to you where you guys would run a trick play, even sp specifically the one you ran against the bears where Jared pretended to fumble and then hit that touchdown pass.


And everyone's like, why would you run that in the regular season? I've always thought you're just giving the other, the, the defense that you're gonna play down the fe down the season. Another look they have to be ready for. So if Jared just, if he trips even a little bit, they're like, oh shit, this is another trick play. Is that kind of how you look at trick plays? Like there's no, hey, we're trying to hold something back 'cause we're just making it even harder for them to gameplay. Well, you don't know when they're going to be good again. Right. Because it, they're really predicated on the defense you're playing that week. And so if you're gonna invest the time and the energy to install it and practice it on the field, then why wait? What could be another four weeks before you get actually get a chance to run it? Right. You might as well capitalize on that opportunity right now.


And not to mention there's a million plays you can run. There's a million plays and we've only scratched the surface of what we're, we're capable of doing right now. Yeah. And so yeah, we'll scratch one of those million off the list and Okay, we got a bunch of 'em left. Let's, let's go on to the next one. That's a deep back. Do you ever find yourself, like maybe even when you're sleeping or just like, you know, driving and something pops in your head, you're like, oh, found another. Yeah. Yeah. It happens again. The best times are in the shower. That's where, there we go. Yeah. You got nothing else to do, but your mind's on football in the shower. That's where the best ideas pop up. Ben Johnson is beating you in from the shower. I like that. I like that. I Haven't heard that one Before. Do you have an overall football philosophy?


Yeah. And this stems from John Hoop who actually coordinated it at Chicago, early two thousands. He was a coordinator when I was a senior at North Carolina. Caleb Presley knows him very well and he used to say, yeah, we want the same things to look different and different things to look the same. And so really that's the starting premise for, for offensive football. That's what it's was since, since I took over as a play caller. I like that. Wait, the same thing look different. We're not smart, so we gotta Different things look, break the Same, same things look Different. Different. So you want, when you're doing different things, you want people to be like, oh, they're just running their vanilla offense. I think I'm gonna dumb it down. It's kind of like, like a delivery of like a fastball and a change up coming from the same arm slot.


That's right. Okay. That's right. I got it now. That's right. I think, yeah, I think that's right. How important is the running back for you? Very important. Yeah. Yeah. You know, was very fortunate to be around some good ones over my career and I think the best ones, what they do is they elevate the players around them. And so really they've been the tone setters, the best offenses I've been a part of the best teams I've been on that running back position's really been vital in terms of getting the game going when, when things are going in a lull, which will happen from time to time, get in his hands and he'll pick us back up again. Yeah. And so, no, the running back position's huge. Okay. So like if there was a great running back that was round in the draft, you'd think, man, that guy would be important.


Certainly. Yeah. I would think That's good. Good Answer. I would think that way too. That's A good answer. I, I like that you've already kind of, you're very comfortable doing the, I know that I'm getting too close to something and I can't give away too much information, so I'm gonna sit here and smile and let you guys figure it out. You're, you're beyond your years on that when you were working with Coach Dan Campbell in Detroit. One thing that we love about Coach Campbell is we think that he's actually very, very smart. He's a super smart guy and sometimes he likes, he likes to toss a little red meat out to the media to get them talking about a lion on the sidelines instead of, you know, trying to actually figure out what he's up to in the games. But he's, I think he's an underrated, intelligent coach.


He knew exactly when to go for it on fourth down, according to actual statistics. It wasn't like, sometimes it might've been overall motto of we're gonna be aggressive, but it was all backed up by math on that. Was that like going into every game? Did you know the exact scenarios where you had to be prepared to go four and fourth down and, and if so, did you stay with the, with that plan? Or were there times where you had to deviate from the plan? We, we, he w no, you're right. He's super intelligent. Yeah. Yeah. And I've learned a ton from him. Each week was its own entity though. And so it wasn't like you went into the, went into the season saying, Hey, every fourth and two, we're always gonna go for it.


That was not the case. It just depended on the week, the opponent, how aggressive they were, the weather, there's all kinds of factors that come into play and so going into the game Yeah. He would've shared that information with me of, man, once we hit midfield, if you can make it fourth and three or less, then, then you're gonna have a green light. And then over the course of the game, once we hit that range, he would be in my headset and tell him me, Hey, you got four downs here. Which would tell me, oh, I just gotta make this fourth and three or less. Right. Right. And so what that allowed me to do as a play caller was we, we ran the ball shit ton on third down. Right. You know, to make it into those manageable situations. And a lot of those runs we ended up converting anyways because that's, that's actually the best time to run the ball.


Yeah. So it was, I think that was his whole grand scheme. You know, he, he's a, there's a lot of science behind it. Tell multitudes. Yeah. And we always, like, we're dumb fans and I think most fans are a little dumb in this way where we're like, oh, he is going for fourth down again. But it felt like for the Lions specifically, you guys were, you knew you were going fourth down way before that, you know what I mean? You knew that that drive like, hey, this is gonna be a drive where, like you said, fourth and three, so it's not a surprise to anyone on the field. Right. And you're planning for that. Right. And you're, you're calling plays, you know, three, four plays ahead. Yeah. And that was the play style there too. So the players knew it. The players knew exactly what we were getting into, not only on offense, but also on defense.


They knew well, there's a chance that we're not gonna convert and now they're gonna have to defend a short field or something like that. Right. Or, you know, the buy-in is so important to any team that you're a part of. And, and fortunately there in Detroit there, there's a lot of player buy-in. Was there ever a time where Dan Campbell when on the headset he was just like, no, Penn, that's too crazy. We can't do that. No, I don't think so. I think he's, he's, He let He let, he's on board with, Let you Let it rip. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. I love that because your trick, I mean, your trick plays are very fun to watch. Yeah. And they're, they're, they're like, I mean the back to that Jared Goff one that was, that was an insult play. We can just say it right now. That was an ins insult play to have fake, fake fall down and score a touchdown.


But it was damn cool. Yeah. And I'd just be like, damn, that was pretty damn cool. Nah, I appreciate it. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. The, the, It made it come to life. Was it on Thanksgiving or it might've been the, the other time you guys played the Bears where you just had pane, just stiff arm like four guys round Yeah. Was Thanksgiving. Yeah, Thanksgiving. Was he, was he planning on throwing that ball or was it designed just to have him run over as many bears as possible? In hindsight, it should have been that. Yeah. 'cause that was fun. But no, he threw the ball probably half a dozen times the previous three weeks in practice Dimes every single time. Oh wow. Dimes every single time. Put it right on the money on, you're talking about 330 pounds running probably 15 miles an hour to his right.


And throwing it right on the money. Yeah. It's pretty, I don't know if I've seen a more athletic movement. Yeah. That's pretty crazy. Not, not, it has nothing to do with Thanksgiving. But How are you with timeouts? I like to call 'em. Okay. But you know when to call 'em. Yeah. Okay. Do you, so you like 30 seconds left, kind of scrambling. You gotta time out your pocket, maybe call it. Yeah. If you need It, you call it. Okay. Alright. That's good. That's good. Clock games Is important. I got another coaching scenario for you. Go ahead. At the end of a game, let's say you guys have a lead, I think, I think it might be a two point lead, maybe three point lead. The opponent has the ball around the 45 yard line. 1 45 Yard Minus 45. Okay. And there's, I don't know, like four seconds left.


There's two schools of thought on how to defend it. One, you use 11 guys to play defense against the Hail Mary. The other, you don't have to answer this. Other is you have one of your players flip off somebody in the crowd on the Hail Mary. So I know you're an offensive guy, so maybe this hasn't occurred to you. What, what would you Use? You said I don't need to answer. You Don't have to answer this. I, you know what, I'm gonna speak on his behalf. He doesn't have to answer This. Okay. That's yeah, that's, that's very fair. It's just the me gloating Court Worked out well for Washington. Yes It did. And I think it's worked out well. That's true for everyone involved. That's Sliding Doors. We got to interview Caleb on the podcast back in August of last year and I asked him this question, I'm curious to know your answer to it as well, but if there was a button that you could press and if you press the button, the bears would win 10 Super Bowls, but one random Bears fan would die, would you press that button?


Whew. I already gave up my life. So as long as they build a statue being like he died for 10 Super Bowls. Can I, I just give a body part instead. Yeah. Pinky, pinky, Pinky. Yeah. Which body part would you sacrifice? I've got the three kids. My wife is already telling me what I need to do next. Yeah. So I, I guess we can go with your testicles. Works done. She said I Good. You didn't have to do both of them. You could have just one. One's fine. Just one. One. There you go. Give us both. Alright. I got, I got a a tough question for you. Would you rather have five Rolls Royce Specters? Mm. A beach front house in Miami or a hundred foot boat? I guess the beach front house in Miami. Okay. The correct answer was all of 'em. 'cause you make $13 million a year, Says Who you can afford.


All of 'em. Allegedly. Allegedly. Allegedly. Allegedly. Yeah. You can afford all those. That's pretty cool. Right. That's cool. Here's a question from a friend of a mutual friend of ours. How much do you squat? Oh, I don't know where this question's going. I asked Yeah, I dunno. I asked Jared if he had any questions. He was, That Was Jared question. This is Jared Goff's questions. How much do you squat? So I don't know if you could say none or, You know, I go ask the ankles. Okay. And so I probably could get 4 0 5 right now. Whoa. That's pretty good. That's, you don't look like a guy like that's four, Five. What, what do I look like? I don't know. I didn't know where the answer was gonna go.


Four. Oh five's pretty insane. You Look like you're built like a steel trap. I Oh, Thank You. Do you squat a lot? Yeah, once a week. Okay. Yeah. Four Oh five's legit. Damn. Do you get built, you get in the weight room with the guys? No. No, but they've seen me. They've seen me occasionally. Yeah. You gotta let 'em see, see you just, just every now And then. Listen, I'm no Campbell or variable. I can tell you that right now. Yeah, I mean there's, they're, those guys are Dan Campbell. Yeah. Something. He works out in the shower Coach. I heard that. He does. He does. You're thinking of plays. That's actually perfect microcosm. Really. You're drawing something up in the steam on the glass door. He's over there banging out some pushups. Let's get ready To rip. There's there's levels to this. Yeah. Is there a chance that roam June day is gonna be in the slot this year?


Oh yeah. Okay. Moving around all over the place. I like That. Multitudes everywhere. Oh yeah. Yeah. Get Multiple same things. Looking differently and different things looking the same. I Love That. I've got a serious question. So you, you went back to Detroit a couple times when you had offers to be a head coach elsewhere, you wanna make sure that you were ready, you were committed to the team. I thought like actually probably a smart move. You're not ready to go until you're ready to go. And then the Bears position opens up. Now you go to the Bears and you have to play the lions twice a year. Did that influence your decision one way or the other? No. Listen, I, I think when you go from coordinator to head coach, you're looking for a great situation and that's, that's what I felt like Chicago had to offer. I felt really strongly about the ownership.


George McCaskey, president, Kevin Warren, Ryan polls, obviously I felt really strongly about that setup and I felt like we could, we could win not only in the near future, but long term as well. But just as a con consequence, it ended up being in the division. Is it ideal? Probably not, because I have a lot of love and respect for those guys that, that I just came from. But, but it'll make a couple Sundays each year a little bit more fun. Yeah, It will. Yeah. In terms of play calling, you're gonna obviously call plays, but you're also gonna be the head coach. Have you, like, how does that work? Is that, are you not worried about it, but it's obviously a difference because you're, you're now worried about the whole team, but also calling the plays.


Have you talked to anyone who does that? I know Sean McVay still does that. Some other guys, have you talked to anyone who does that and like tried to figure out, alright, this is what it's gonna look like, this is how it's gonna be different. Yeah, I experienced it when I was in Miami. Ga was the, was the head coach and he was calling it, and listen what, what I've done, what I've tried to do, at least when, when bringing all these guys together is what are my strengths and my weaknesses and trying to score up all my, my weaknesses. So I know on game day I'm gonna have a lot going on. And that's where having Dennis Allen in the building and on the sideline is gonna be huge relief because he's been there, he is done that. I have a lot of trust in what he can do on that side of the ball. Richard Hightower is a, is a carryover coach for special teams.


He's got a lot of skins on the wall, highly respected special teams coordinator. And then there'll be a, there'll be a game management portion that's up in the booth that, that'll have to be my, my eyes up top to, to help navigate some of those processes so that we don't fall into some traps there at the end of the game. Yeah. Because I'm always just amazed when guys do that. Like when they show Sean McVay sitting on the sideline, he'll like sit on the bench calling up the next plays and like, but you're also the head coach. But again, we're dumb, so. Yeah. Well It's, it's all about the people you put around you. Yeah. You know, it's, that's what it comes Back. Yeah. Help us. 28 guys that you have on your staff. Yeah. Yep. We got, we got a great mix of, of experience and, and energy and I think idea guys.


So I, I feel really good about where we're at. Are you an acronym guy? Do you have an acronym? No, No acronyms. Okay. Love that. Love that. That's a great answer. That's a great answer. Yeah. Motto. Dog guy, not an acronym guy. Love that. Okay. The center position I would assume, I mean, you're going from, obviously the Lions had an incredible offensive line. Bears are in a transition trying to figure it out. How important is the center for your play calling and your designs and, and what you're trying to do? I would say it's less about me and it's more about the quarterback. So with Kayla being a second year player and everything that that entails, he's still, I thought he had a productive first year in terms of exposure of a lot of things that can go on.


But to help him out the most here going forward, I, I do think we need a strong presence at Center Smart player that can help set the table from a run game and, and pass protection perspective. Yeah. Do you fi feel like your mastery of offense gives you a better insight as to how to like, lean in and give some examples of like, to your defense coordinator, some ideas that you can pass along and be like, Hey, if I wanna stop this, here's what I would do. Yeah. Yeah. We'll, we'll have those conversations and certainly within the division, I already have a good feel with some of these teams in the division. What, what may or may not be good ways to go against those teams. Yeah. Do you hate the Packers? I don't like the Packers. Yeah. Heat's a strong word.


No, don't I, don't You hate 'em? What about the, the sh you, you do, you do, you, you don't know it yet, but you do. What about this shot at our, our friend Matt LeFlore? I liked it. It was kind of different because a lot of times when a Bear's head coach gets announced, they'll be like, we gotta beat the Packers. You just kind of threw a subtle one in there. Do you know him at all? Not like that, no. Okay. No. Oh, I like That. No. Yeah. Yep. You don't know him like that? No, I don't know him like that. Yeah. Did He did, did did anything get back? Like did he No. Like listen, it's a, it's a friendly rivalry going on. Yeah. So it'll be Fun. Yeah. In 2025, the Bears are one and Oh, against the Packers. That's a fact. That's just, that is true. That's a statistical fact. That's A streak. You gotta keep going, going Only with facts here.


That's a fact. Alright, so in terms of the draft in the combine, you, you obviously been to the combine many times, but as a head coach now, like are you, how much does a combine actually matter? Does it actually, like, is it more just, hey, we gotta go watch the tape, this is just kind of an addition to everything we're doing? Or is it like, hey, we're gonna try to maybe find a diamond in the rough here? It's another tool. So I mean, it's the first exposure we get personality and football intelligence with the formal interviews. So just another tool. But yeah, I'd say the end all be all is the tape. Yeah. Yeah. How many, what's the longest you've gone without watching tape? Good question. Ooh, good Question.


That is a good question. I don't know if I have the answer for that One. Has it been like longer than a week? It's probably been about a Week. Have you taken a vacation and gone somewhere then bring the iPad off A little tape? No, You go private browser when you're in the bathroom looking at Some tape incognito mode, Incognito mode Money. I swear I'm not looking at tape right now, But you probably watch a ton, I would imagine. Oh yeah. Yeah. Like how many hours a week would you say? Shoot, probably 40 Full-time job grinding tape. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. I mean, particularly during the season, but yeah, off season it, it adds up. And is it, I mean, I, we're not tape watchers like that.


I watched some Twitter tape, but is there moments where you're like, aha. Moments that you find in those 40 hours that are just, I would imagine that's why you keep going back. That's Yeah, that's where those ideas pop up. Right. You know, last off season about the, the laterals and then we, we had some other cool stuff with Lyman splits, moving them around and, and things like that. So yeah, you kind of collect that as you're, as you're watching everything. Yeah. Big Cat asked you if you ever got rained in by Coach Campbell or he was like, that's too crazy. But have you ever had to reign yourself in? Was there a play that you designed and you were like, this is too much? No, I mean, I, the best example would've been that that stumble, bump play from Jared. I, I actually wanted him to put the ball on the ground. Yeah. And, And he's the one That's insane. He's the one that told me, Hey, I don't know if that's the best idea.


So Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I mean, really the players will start bringing this back down to earth. Yeah. Yeah. Did you, did you practice it with him putting the ball on the ground? No. No. He said he, he said, no way. Probably smart. That would've been one where if it, if it worked, it would've been maybe the best play ever. But if it didn't work, it would be like, this is the dumbest play ever designed. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Do you, do you have a certain amount of shots that you always wanna take in a game? Like you're like, all right, we gotta take at least five shots, or it's been this long since we've taken a shot. Changes each week. Yeah. So it depends on the opponent. Yeah. But yeah, some weeks you'll say, Hey, we need one each quarter. Other weeks it might be a little bit more conservative than that. Yeah. But yeah, I got a play call for you. Yeah. What do you got? It's called the fake punt. Punt.


Yeah. I can already tell you're intrigued. So you line up for a punt, you fake the punt, like you're gonna run a fake punt. So like maybe the guy, the punter catches it and like pump fakes, but then he punts. I like it. Yeah. 'cause then everyone comes up and then you get a free, you know, if you're trying to get them to not return it. And then you do the fake punt punt all season long. And then finally at the end you actually fake punt. It's like the fake flea flicker run. Yeah. Yes. Fake, right? Yes. But just the special teams. Yes. I love it. Fake punt. Punt. Yeah. Now we're talking, If you do the fake punt punt, I'd be the happiest guy in the world. I've seen Are you Coming to OTAs This year? Yeah, I, I'll be there.


Okay. Good. Fake. We'll install that. I've seen one team do it. I think they did it by accident in college. I think they just screwed up their punt. Those Are the best ones though. Yeah. All the Good Ones are accident. It works. No one returned it. Yeah, that's right. It just rolled down. That's right. Yeah. Pun punt. My overall football philosophy is that the check down is always open on a flee flicker. Mm. Always. If you can get seven yards every time on a flee flicker. Yeah, I agree with that. Every single time you got the tight end dragon across, make a whole offense out of that. Yeah. I'm also very stupid. I apologize. Do you like shovel passes? Okay. Why not? It's just been feast or famine. Yeah. I like a little bit more consistency.


Okay. So I like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But There's a time and place. Sure. Yeah. That's, I like to dabble, Keep 'em off the, yeah. Do you like sometimes shovel pass? Do you like fullbacks? Yes. Me Do love that about you. We have a fullback award, which you are more than welcome to have a vote for. I did not know that. The Lowman trophy. Okay. We've been doing it for, I don't know, six or seven hours. Crow from Boise State. Won it last year. Really? Yeah. Yeah. You Probably L teams have fullbacks. Not Enough. Not a lot. Probably count 'em on one hand at this point. They're Coming back. But it's more like an HVAC where you have to be able to be a fullback and a tight end and a lot of different stuff. Yeah. But there's something, I mean, what's your, what are your thoughts on bare football? On bare football? Yeah. Yeah. Bare weather. Chicago bear football. Bear football. Yeah. Bare weather's great.


It's gonna be a weapon for us. Yes. Yes. Some of these dome teams in December and January be perfect. So when me and Big Cat watch games, sometimes we just scream at the TV that you have to establish the run. Is that Im, is that important too? Because you're math guy, you know that if you run the Bo ball more frequently, you end up winning those games based on the numbers afterwards, which has nothing to do with getting a lead and then running the football to drain the clock or anything like that. But what are your feelings on establishing the run? Depends on the week. Depends on the week. That's not, that's not every week. Yeah. And yeah, there's different ways to win. Yeah. Yep. Okay. The choice to come to the Bears, I know you talked about it a little, you know, a few minutes ago, but it seemed like it happened pretty quickly.


How did it go down? You know, obviously the loss happens on Saturday night and then Sunday did you look at all your options and then wake up on Monday and be like, all right, it's Bears. Well, I think it started with having that first round buy the years prior, you know, didn't have the ability to really think through some things. And so we had some time off and all, all four interviews that I took, I, I was able to actually think about going into a little bit. And so I had a very good feel that this is the direction I wanted to go. I'm not saying necessarily Chicago at that point, but I knew I wanted to be a head coach this cycle. And then once I got on the interview and it just, it absolutely clicked with Chicago and the leadership group and Ryan, I, I love Ryan.


I felt really strongly about, about that place. And so that's right when that happened, it got off the call and it was like, this is where, this is where I want to go. Yeah. And so, you know, this season ended in such an abrupt fashion, give Washington a lot of credit. 'cause 'cause they did, they earned that, that thing. But you know, it was really planning on, on going deep in the playoffs there and, and making it the Super Bowl. So it was a tough way to go out and, you know, it all escalated very quickly after that, you know, had about 48 hours of exit meetings and everything. And then, and then yeah. It was, this is what's going on and let's go ahead and get it done. Yeah. Yeah.


What, what happens in an exit interview? The players come in, they have their physicals and just to make sure they're, they're healthy and then they'll meet as a team offense with your position coaches. And then some guys would come, come by my office as well as the coordinator and, and just, you know, what do I need to work on? Or things like that. Honest thoughts. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So, and I mean, it's a, it's a, it's a crappy time year. It doesn't seem like a very fun day Office. Yeah. 31 teams. It's just, it's the worst day of the year. Was Was there a part of you when you took the Bears head coaching job, where you're like, I'm, I'm losing a little bit of being the hottest name every single cycle. You're like, I'm kind of giving this up. 'cause you were, you're the hottest name every si like, I, part of me would be like, I just kind of wanna keep getting talked about like this.


Like you can't get talked about like that anymore. Yeah. I wasn't really part of my thought process. Okay. That would've been part, I would've been like part pros and cons. Like, people aren't gonna say that I'm the next genius. You know what I mean? They're, now I'm gonna have to prove it. I probably would've, I probably would've pussied out and been like, I'm just going to stay being an assistant. Yeah. It's good. It's good having, I'm undefeated as, as head coach. Right. The hypothetical of you as a head coach was incredible. Now, now you actually gotta prove it. Well ai, Ai AI said two simple been Wrong 10 years. Yeah. That's facts. That's facts. I, I heard that when you, when you did the interview with the Bears, you, you stopped at the last minute and you went back to 'em and you just said, I want this job. Yes. Is that true? Yes. Is that the only team that you said that to?


That is so that was the, the Bears were the one you had identified. Like, just so you know, this is the one that I'm interested in. That's right. That's a, I imagine a very powerful thing to say at the end of a job interview to somebody. I would imagine so. Right. Did you, did you feel like they they reciprocated in that moment? I think they liked that. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.


Alright. I got one last question. This has been awesome. Thank you for joining us Coach Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com promo code. Take last question. I know I joked about it with the Porsches and the mansions and all that stuff, but did you at least buy yourself something with the new contract? No. You didn't? No, he, Here's what, here's what happened is we found a house. Okay. And then my wife all a sudden she's like, well, I wanna redo the kitchen. I wanna redo that. All right. That counts. Yeah. That counts. Buying something. Yeah. That's Where yeah, that's where it's going initially. Okay. Okay.


Are you concerned about moving to Chicago from our personal experience? At least mine you put on a little weight when you move to Chicago. I need to put on some weight. I lose it, I lose it. During the season, I was down about 10, 15 pounds by the end of the year. Really? That happens every year. Morning. Is that Your stress? I, I don't know what it is. Maybe. Okay. Yeah. I need that diet. I don't think That's gonna be a problem in Chicago. Yeah. You keep squatting 4 0 5, man, what do you bench Not, not nearly as much. Okay. I'm, you know, Norwegian, Scandinavian? Yeah. So I got the thick lowers, you know what, What, what was your peak squat? Peak squat was probably like 4 55. Damn. Yeah. That's pretty good to still be at, like pretty close to it. Yeah. Yeah. How old are you again?


39, 38. Okay. What about It's always fucked up. We're old. Yeah, we're very old. Shit. What about peak bench? We at your max Three 15. That's Still, that's not bad. Yeah, I Can't get there. I I'm nowhere near that now though. What Are you doing on calf raises? Oh, I could crush you in calf race. How many, last, last question. How many Super bowls do you have to win to become more famous than Caleb Presley? Who you went to? Same high school. Both went to UNC. I think. You not only have to win multiple Super Bowl, I think you gotta to get the trifecta. I think you gotta get three in a row. Okay. More Than him. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe, maybe have glenny balls come and pump up the boys one time. That would be nice.


On a Sunday morning. Yes. Yes. I like where Your head's at now? I got his number. If you need a guy, I, I can contact you for him. Yeah. Just eating. But big bowl of ice cream, that'd be great in The background. Yeah. Win a playoff game. It's like with a secret sauce. You guys Balls, you guys get hard knocks and then you, you give your like, you know, big fiery first speech of the season. Glen's just sitting behind you in front of the whiteboard. Just eating. Yeah. Shoveling some rocky road. And That's not a bad thought. Yeah. I mean, it is very funny. You told us right before that you, you would watch Sunday conversation like before games just to kind of chill out. That As my pre-game routine. Dick bloody pulse. That's Right. What else is, what a world, what else do you do to relax? What would glad Do? Because would He call this reverse or not? I I feel like you're all football.


That's what, what do you do to relax? Three kids, three young kids. I mean they just, they keep me on my toes all the time. What age do they, Eight, Five and one. Yeah. All. Yeah. I got my hands full. It's football and its family. That's love that. That's life right now. Love that. Yeah. Alright, well coach, thank you so much. Great talking to you. And let's go win some games. I'm staying six outta 10 excited. That's my, That's the limit. Gotta win. Okay. Yeah, you're Right. I said a lot of reckless shit last summer. Okay, So Let's go win then. So we're gonna, Let's, let's go win Pro I, I I went and I, I looked at the process And we made some tweaks to the process. We go win and then it gets back to 10. I love it.


I love it. Let's do it. Yeah, it's a good plan. All right. Thanks coach. Appreciate you guys.


Ben Johnson was brought to you by Planet Fitness. Big, big deal. Alert. Friday, February 28th is the last day that you can join Planet Fitness and save $28 or more. $1 down, $15 a month. Cancel anytime. That is a great gym membership. That's a great deal. From our friends at Planet Fitness, we've got a Planet Fitness in the office. We've all been working out more recently. I've noticed that the boys are making gains, feeling strong. Hank, what have you been working on over there? Glutes and lats. Yeah, I mean, Hank, all due respect. Your body's been looking right. Thank you. You've been looking fit. Big Cat. I've seen you over there. Working out, getting Jack out, out Working out. I've been working out. Where are you hitting? I'm hitting squats. I'm hitting bench. Doing, trying to do a mile a day on the treadmill. That's pretty good. Yep. Yeah, I'm doing some of the, some of the stairs. I'm doing some upright rows. Getting the arms in Planet Fitness is the absolute best and this is a great deal. But you have to act before Friday, February 28th. You can save $28 or more on a Planet Fitness membership. $1 down, $15 a month. Cancel anytime. We're all strong on this planet. Join today in Club online or in the Free Planet Fitness app. Our amenities and offers vary by club. Check out planet fitness.com or stop by your local club For more information. Must be 18 years old to enroll or 13 to 17 with Parent or Guardian. Our good friend, our dear friend Jerry O'Connell. He always hits a Planet Fitness. He's got Planet Fitnesses in different area codes worldwide. Planet Fitness is the best. Take advantage of their offer today.


Guys on Chicks is brought to you by a rock on, let's talk about the elephant in the room. Erectile dysfunction. One in four men, 18 years and older experience ed. Which means that you or someone close to you might be experiencing it. That's why I want to tell you about this new ed treatment gel. It's called a roxon. It's the first ED treatment gel with clinically proven results that you can get over the counter. While it may not work for everyone, studies showed success in over 60% of men. The best part, no prescription, no online questionnaire. Pick it up over the counter. Why wait, try a Rox On today available in stores and online. Visit a roxon US to learn more. That's E-R-O-X-O-N us to learn more.


Okay guys on chicks. We have very special guys on Chicks Reader. Steven Che. Steven Cha is with us in the combine. His annual Make-A-Wish Trip. He was like, oh my god. Todd Bowles down the hallway. Wh why is he here? It's a combine, dude. You love it. Cha Cha's looking around with stars in his eyes. I do. Yeah. It's cool to see coaches rubbing elbows. It is one of my favorite trips that we do with you. Although we don't do a lot of trips with you, but you do love the combine more than anyone and it's like getting to see it through your eyes. It's Cool to see guys in the wild, you know? Yeah. Jungle. Real Wild guys in the wild Indie. Yeah. Yeah. He is real wild.


Who's the, who's the like biggest guy, not physically, but the one that, that you love the most that you've spotted in Indie the last couple years that you've gotten excited about? Ooh, Good question. I was excited to see Bucky Brooks of the movie, the six podcast. Rich Eisen, I've been a fan for, for a long time. Met him so Osworth. Yep. Chris Collinsworth we just saw on the way to to here. So yeah. All the guys that you see, like guys that I will watch press conferences for on YouTube for the Bucks. And I get to see them like, you know, he's not with us anymore. He's alive, but he's with a different team. Casey Rogers are a defensive line coach. Like yeah. You know, it'd be cool Case.


Yeah. It's Love it. It's a big, it's the biggest week for like adults with backpacks. I feel like. I don't know this hallway, this convention center, it's just, yeah, packs of like four people. Remember that time we saw rap port in his backpack. It was so big for, for Him. The little, he had the little shark backpack too on. Yeah. No, it's a big backpack week. It's a big, you see a bunch of dudes that used to be in shape are extremely well groomed when it comes to their facial hair wearing lanyards and backpacks everywhere. Yeah. Lanyards, big lanyards week. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But this is basically like my Twitter feed and you know what I watch on YouTube come to life. Yeah. So it's cool. Love it. Alright. Alright guys on chicks. It's like a fan fest but just no For Steven Che. Not a lot of fan.


Yeah. Just for me. I do like the description of like it's his Twitter feed. Yeah. He's walking through the hallways and he is like, oh this is, Yeah. Wow. Nate, I Didn't see Bonnie Blue here. Yeah. Anyway, Steve's A little, He got a little uncomfortable with that one. I bought my new BF underwear for Christmas because his are old and gross. But I realized this week he hasn't opened the new pack. When I asked why, he said he prefers the old ones because he is already broken in the heat sleeve. When I asked what the heat sleeve was, he said it's a slit in the front and he calls it that because on hot nights he'll pull out his package of sticking balls out of the heat sleeve and sleep that way so his balls don't stick to his legs. Okay. He told me that with the new undies, the heat sleeve is too tight and he can't get fully comfortable when his junk's out.


Should I leave him now or marry this man? I, It sounds like he's Got a hammer. Yeah. It sounds like he's got a package. I don't know. It sounds like he's also just very horny. I think he takes that out of his, out of his sleeve every night hoping that you'll roll over and accidentally touch it. Yeah. There's no real reason to, to pull the boys out. I didn't think he'd go heat sleeve. I will say in his defense, I'm a big time like get a package or get something and just not open it for a while. Yeah. Like I just have boxes. I'm just like, I, especially if I order something online and I know what it is. Like I, in my front hall right now, I have like a hat and new shoes and I, I know what they are. I just haven't gone around to opening it. They've been sitting there for about a week. I, I thought with heat sleeve he was going for like, you know, guys like to have our ass groove on the couch.


Right. We've, we've broken that in throughout the years. When you get a new set of underwear, you have to break that too. Yeah. It's like I know how, how I fit in my old stuff Or it could, do you ever get the underwear that just doesn't have a heat sleeve? No, just like a thing where you can pull your dick out in the front. That would be a heat sleeve. That's a heat sleeve. That's literally what we're talking about. Heat sleeve. How do you not know about a heat sleeve? I don't the first Describes what it was, But like I have some underwear where there's just nothing there. Right. You gotta Pull down no heat. You gotta, what are We talking about? We'll talk about heat sleeves. Oh, Alright. Everyone knows heat Sleeves. Heat sleeve is you wiggle your penis through it and then you pee. Okay. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. You just read the, you just read the question about the heat. We didn't know what a heat sleeve was until you told us and now you still don't know what a heat sleeve is.


How often? Well, He was saying that it's too tight. I'm saying that there are some that don't even have one. Okay. Like it's a wall with no door. Yeah. Yeah. Let's say you're, you're, you're, you got a heat sleeve on and you're wearing a pants with a fly. How often are you actually going through versus going under? Never. I go, I go over, I think if, if it's a, On like 10%, It's a big heat. 15% I'll go through there, but sometimes it's easier to just pull down. I don't even use my fly because I know I'll just end up pissing on myself. But then it, sometimes if you go over the top, it kind of pinches it off a little bit and then, well I go Pull this over the top Too. But when, when you put it away, yeah. Then you dribble out, you squirt out a little bit at the end. Well I dribble On my balls in that case.


Yeah. My big ass balls. Nature's hates tiny penis, big balls side pouch. No side pouch. But I want one. Hey guys, my boys. Do people Have sex through the heat sleeve? Yeah, definitely Mormons. Oh, What? Yeah, it's weird For sure. Mormons, Why would you not just pull a whole thing down? It's a good question. Why would you believe that Steve Young's great-grandfather was God? Who about you? My favorite quarterback run ever against the Vikings call the hi guys. My boyfriend's friends are pissed off at him because I made him go out to dinner with me twice last weekend. Valentine's Day weekend. It was for Valentine's Day. The other one was Saturday night. Two. His friends say he should just continue to be a bachelor for life.


Especially since they claimed he has changed and couldn't even get him to come out to watch USA skull fuck Canada. Are they overreacting on him? Overreacting on him for the time I am spending with him. Yes. I don't understand why, why they're were so mad at me for making him miss the hockey game. Well, they love him. Thanks. Well they, his, his buddies love him. And you're a threat. Yeah. You gotta give him some, you gotta give him a couple big ones. Like the USA Canada would've been a good one. 'cause then immediately guys are dumb. And if, if your friend is like, yeah, I'm coming out for USA Canada, they'd be like, oh man, you really are dating a cool chick. Yeah. I like her On Valentine's Day. I might try to take a passer. That would be a tough one to explain.


Like why are you skipping Valentine's Day? Well, because there's this tournament that just got created that I cared. Deep All Star game. If You're a hockey fan, you can, you could make it pass. But to be like, yeah I gotta lock in for USA Canada, you Know what you also Yeah. This is partly his fault. Like you need to, the sports calendar is set. I think most women know what the sports calendar is. When you have like a four Nations thing, you need to, you need to do a lot of prep work. You need to be like, hey listen, there's a tournament coming up because that's not, that's not something normal that's in the sports Calendar. You gotta say my country needs Me. Yeah. Right. It's also, Yeah, if you're gonna, is The guy sound young too? Yeah. Yeah. I think so. That's a classic young Thing. He's probably the first one with a, with a serious girlfriend.


Yeah. You're so whipped. You went out to Valentine's Day dinner with your, with your girlfriend. Yeah. That's crazy Dude. That's so gay. Yeah. Going out to Valentine's Day dinner end the next day with a new girlfriend is crazy because Valentine's Day dinner, that's gonna run you 200 bucks at minimum. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. There is. We can have chilies Minimal. It's like Yeah. There's a good chance that they like each other. It sounds like they made it official. Yeah. Space it out a little bit. You've Never gone out two nights in a row, Val. Yes I have. But Valentine Valentine's Day, Like the event you, this Is a situation where the guys are going through culture shock. They probably all are single and then there's one guy who's got a girlfriend. You just gotta ride the wave.


It'll be fine. They all feel stupid Busting a girls ball. They're not serious. Yeah. Even if they are. Yeah. Like oh yeah. That's just how we joke. Yeah. If, if you have some girlfriends True that are also single, you should introduce them to his guy friends. Correct. Yeah. That way hook 'em up. World's collide. Yep. Alright. How much would you say my boyfriend should, how much say should my boyfriend have in decorating our apartment? My boyfriend and I are about to move in together to a small two bedroom apartment. He has a plethora of sports memorabilia slash frat boy decor that he claims is non-negotiable to be hung in the apartment. Some of these items include a huge canvas of dogs playing poker. Cool. Yeah. Signed Awesome dude's.


Rock Signed Braves baseball bats. Okay. Light up vintage bush light sign slash other beers signed. All these count the absolute worst of them all is a four foot bobblehead of John Gruden that he threatened it together. Send it to us, send it to our Office. Being in a two bedroom apartment does not give enough room to have a man cave. Should all these items be up in our new apartment together? I was, I was getting ready to take her side in this and being like, guy, he probably doesn't want that much space. He doesn't care that much about decorating. 'cause if you go over to a woman's apartment, especially in college four foot and compare it to a guy, four foot rock, it's literally two different species. Yeah. He, I think what you need to do is you need to do the right thing.


Get him a, a storage locker and be like, when we have more space, you will have your own space. That's fair. Because, but the four, you cannot get rid of the, if you make him get rid of the four foot bobblehead, he, that will be a part of his life. That will die forever. Alright. That's, By the way, I think Hooters is back. Wait, no, there was one more. The one I texted you. I'll read it. Okay. I just broke it. I don't know what I did. I'm so strong. Shadow planet of fitness. I'm so fucking strong. Max, just hold it for him. Yeah. Like A fishing pole. Alright, well let's just, let's just end the show. What do you got? What's Up boys and Wally Pitt Max are wives and girlfriends justified to be mad, mad about your Instagram algorithm? Thankfully I haven't had to deal with this. No, but I was just curious what a girl would think if she saw My algorithm is a hundred percent big natural tits.


Same. Love the show. I will hang up and listen. No, it's ai. I think it's just like We, I do click on the tits though, so I get more tits. Guys And girls both love tits. Yeah, but it's ai. What are you gonna do? I mean, you can't, you can't get mad at technology. Right. Max, What's yours? Hank? What is yours? Golf. It's like 80% golf. No, there's some, there's some, there's some tits mixed in, but mostly golf. So mine used to be, mine used to be a hundred percent planes and dogs. The jello look at Mine. Mine's tits now. Mine's a lot of tits, sharks and tits. That's some good stuff right there. I curate it like if I see if I pass by tits because you gotta click on it that way you get more tits.


Alright. I haven't checked this in while It's like a, it's like a, a bottomless coffee cup of tits. It was, It used to be planes and dogs. Now it's dogs and football. Love that. I think I'm living right? Yeah. No, you can't get mad at technology. Take it up with Elon or Zuckerberg. That's not his fault. Just for you like what you like. And also it's, it's good to know that they're just So what is, what is yours? His is Mostly Bluman. Liam Blpp. What? You just have Bluman? Yeah, it's just a lot of bluman. NBA shoes. There is a tit tape. Did you say shoes or Jews? Shoes. Shoes. I mean, some of people probably statistically are Jewish family. And Bluman. And Bluman. All right.


Kanye Cha. Yeah. You can't get mad. You can't get mad at us for that. That is just technology. The phones are smarter than we are And we like tits. That's all you can do. Hand up. Hand up. I Tits. What a man love racks. Shout out to do. If you cut Me, you wanna not bleed? Alright, let's kick it to ourselves. We got lottery ball back in studio. All right. Number Five. Three. Four. Interesting. Hank, Are you going back up the Ladder? Go 61 99, 90, 93, 93.


Love you guys.