
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take Super Wild Card weekend, we're still saying it. We're gonna talk about every game Saturday and Sunday preview. We also have an instant classic Notre Dame Penn State that we're gonna recap at the top of the show. We got a good friend, Dan Orlowski, on the show to break down the matchups for the Super Wild Card weekend. And then we have Fire Fest to finish us off.


And we're brought to you by our friends at DraftKings NFL Playoffs. Playoffs. We're talking playoffs. You bet we are. Because getting on the action at DraftKings Sports work. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning in the NFL playoffs. And the key to you scoring big is betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to the Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to watch your favorite players crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs. The Draftking Sportsbook download the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


Okay, Let's go.


Hey, football. My take. Welcome to part of my take presented by Draftking. Score big during the NFL playoffs. The Draftking Sportsbook download the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on the Draftking Sportsbook. The crown is yours.


Today is Friday, January 10th. And wake up the echoes PFT because the Notre Dame fighting Irish are in the college football National Championship. What's that sound? Big Cat? It's the Echoes. Yes, It's the Echoes. But also there's another, there's a second sound. What's the sound? It's Lou Holtz putting in his biting teeth. Ah, licking his lips. And it was an instant classic. Yep. Like such a great game. We, I thought it was gonna be a snoozer. First half was, was neither offense really did anything. Penn State went into halftime up ten three. Whatever Marcus Freeman did at halftime. He deserves all the credit because that game was won in the third quarter.


And how Notre Dame came out and they took it right to Penn State. Took the lead. Obviously there was, you know, Penn State came back, they traded some drives. And the big story, as much as I would like to do the narrative, the James Franklin can't win a big game. Drew Owler was horrific. I agree, but I disagree. On one point. I think the game was won in the late second quarter. Oh, when an jelly came in. Steve And Jelly, and Jelly And Jelly did get him a quick Three. And Jelly got in and the whole vibe changed. It's true. Entire vibe flipped. Max got taken out by an Italian sub. Oh. People were Saying, oh man. And it was, I mean, listen that game back and forth, RI Leonard made a huge mistake.


Penn State takes a lead and then Drew Owler makes a, like Drew Owler threw three three interceptions today. And, and only one of 'em counted because the other two Phantom, well the first one actually was a real hold, but the second one was just, it was such a bad throw. They shouldn't have thrown a flag 'cause it had no impact on the play. But it's bad throw. It was a bad call Too. Yeah, it was a bad call. I Mean, I get that. He didn't turn his head around. Yeah. And then the fans had a little University of Texas moment. Yeah. You know how mad you have to be to make an Irish guy throw his Beer seriously? Like pretty funny. Give up on it. That's a bad call. Yeah, that's a really bad call. And so, but yeah, he, he came back and he, he had some really bad interception. Really bad interception. The last one was just 40 seconds left.


Why you can't, the one thing you can't do in that situation is make a throw like that. And he was so bad that even the last lateral of the game, he overthrew and threw out a bounds. But I like Drew Owler was, was horrific. PE and, and by the way, do we have a, a little do to-do with Brandon Walker? 'cause I think on this show on Wednesday, he said Drew Owler doesn't turn the ball over. And that's why Penn State's gonna win the game. That's our college football expert. We apologize on behalf of our college football expert who he's embarrassed us one one day into being our college football expert. Who, and he didn't show his face here to be on this show to take responsibility for that mistake either. See, It's crazy.


He's ducking it. Yeah. Very, very bad interception at the end. They got the ball back and it's like, okay, you have a chance. But the one thing that you can't do is turn the ball over and try to push too hard because then they're gonna be in field goal range. And that's exactly what he goes out and he does. I actually think that a big impact on this game was when Tyler Warren got taken out. You remember that on the sidelines? Yes. From the concussion. So, So they kept him out for a little bit and he looked like he was very concussed just from what you saw on the clip. And then he comes back on the field. He didn't look like the same guy when he came back. Right. He didn't. And, and He told the, the team doctor, they're trying to do the concussion test. That's a HIPAA violation. Yeah. Like good point. Get back in there, son. Yeah. Go play ball.


And then he goes back in. He, he seemed like he was outta sorts around the line of scrimmage. He didn't look right. He wasn't running fast, he wasn't making heads up plays. I think that there was that, that to me, when you take Tyler Warren away from Penn State, then you take away all the threat of their, their physical passing because they're wide receivers. Can't catch a ball. No, they can't catch a ball. You can't get open. I mean yeah, Tyler Warren is so much fun to watch because he is like, if you need three yards, he's gonna get you seven. Yeah. And he's after contact. But, so Marcus Freeman was incredible. I thought he coached a great game. I thought that play at the end of the game where they had third and whatever it was, five. And the conservative thing would be to just run the ball again with Riley Leonard.


And they ran, they rolled out Riley Leonard and he hit that perfect pass to Faiz, I believe, who ended up getting like 15 yards. And Riley Leonard, he wasn't great, but he made big plays at big moments. Like he made that throw, he made a couple big runs, alluded a couple big time sacks. That would've been like, you know, very detrimental. And it, I don't know. Like I Marcus Freeman, I'm a believer, like he last game when he, when he pants Kirby Smart. This game, how they came outta halftime because I, I think we all agree like halftime, it looked like Penn State was gonna win this game easily. 'cause they were just bullying Notre Dame on both lines. Well, it took 'em a second to figure out the fact that they could get their linemen shoving people Over.


Right. And they were, and they were in the backfield when they were on defense and they were just running the ball down Notre Dame's throat. And then Notre Dame came out, shot out of a cannon. And oh, we gotta mention Jeremiah love one of the, one of the best, like second effort, third effort touchdown runs. Three dudes hanging up. Holy shit. Maybe four or five. That was a great run. Also, Penn State's running backs all of em. Yeah. Had some great runs too. It was a really good football game. It came down to the quarterback. Yeah, it was. And and now it makes sense that Drew Owler is staying in school like that. I think people scratch their head. They're like, that meant that's not, that doesn't make any sense. He's, he would be a first round pick. He's got some things to work on. Yeah. Who said he would be a first round pick? I think. Is that The consensus? I think there were people that were saying, I've Heard people Say that in this quarterback class especially, I've heard people say he's like consensus.


The best NFL prospect remaining. Yeah. It's like a Christian hackenberg. Yeah. Hey, second round pick. Right. Canon Arm. Canon arm. So we should talk to Max. Oh, by the way, I wanted to mention Colin Coward. So I, I said this to you right before we started, he tweeted, you see Riley Leonard, I see Josh Allen. That sounds racist. That's, that's, I was like, okay. Guess only the only explanation for that is that he is, he's a virulent racist. Yeah. The, the running style I guess. But like, I don't know. There's literally nothing about it. I don't, I I think it's, I think it's bowling people over running the football, I guess maybe.


Yeah. And maybe, I guess if you gave, But Josh is a little, he's way more elusive. Yeah, He is. But I, I think that might be the only thing. But he sees, he sees Josh Allen. So Max, I muted Colin coward a long time ago. That was, I actually blocked him fake soup. Hell yes. That was, that was a bad one. Yeah. No, drew Aller just can't play it like that. The defense made enough plays to keep you in that game. You get that sack when Notre Dame is driving to kick the field goal to take the lead. And that play was so long developing and there was nothing there. Just throw the ball out of balance. You don't need to be a hero. There's 20 seconds left. The chances of you going down and actually winning that game are so slim.


Just take the stack. But that's just like a college quarterback who doesn't know what he's doing yet. Like he's still a dumb kid. Yeah. Like I felt, I felt, so he also d asked what was Bel like that that pick that, that Yeah. He had in the third or third, fourth. Yeah. He was the fourth quarter when, when Riley Leonard just didn't see him. Yeah. Notre Dame Looked like they were taking control of the game. We put together a nice drive. Tie it up. I don't know. I'm all over the place, but it's, it's disappointing, but I don't know. Yeah, that last kick was kind of weird too, wasn't it? That last kick was crazy. Miss going right the whole time. Yeah. And then right before the upright it just came back left. It Was very, very strange. And, and Mitch Cheater Mason Crosby type.


Yeah. He's been bad this year. He was injured, but he's been nails in the playoffs. I think he's seven for eight now in the playoffs. And Notre Dame. Listen, I don't know if they can beat Texas or Ohio State, but he, okay. You're shaking your head Max. Notre Dame's just coached really well and they've, I like, I don't know. They, they, Riley Leonard did make some mistakes tonight, but if he doesn't throw any interceptions, like they're a team that can just kind of hang around, I guess. I think they're good. I, yeah, I mean, I mean, it's gonna be, they're gonna be like eight and a half point underdogs probably to Ohio State. If Ohio State, I Don't know that they can hang around. I we'll see. We'll see. I, I just give a lot of credit to, to Notre Dame tonight.


Marcus Freeman has I Yeah. Think he's coached in incredible playoffs. James Frank. They, they, they went up 10 nothing and then took their foot off the gas. Yeah. They were dominating the game. They, and then, I don't know what It was that first drive in the, in the third quarter, it was the first drive it to start the second half. Notre Dame just went right down the field and it was like all the juice they needed was in that. And then they got a three and Out. And then Penn State went three an out. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And it was just like, this game has just flipped on its head. Whatever. Marcus Freeman just decided to adjust or do at halftime. It worked because they came out a completely different team. I think Penn State had seven plays in the th they went three and out. Then Tyler Warren got like a 20 yard catch and then they went, and then they were the fourth down on the next three plays.


Yeah. And now James Franklin, I mean, we're, we're not doing the narrative, but should we, he can't win the big one because they, although is it not the big one? I think that this was a big one, But hold on. It's not his fault. They, they, they went from underdogs to favorites right before kickoff. Yeah. That was weird. That was weird. Well, that's Drew Owler being on a yacht, which was a fake rumor that was put out there. We think we Had Notre Dame flu. Yeah. The, we had Notre Dame Flu. We also had Penn State having diarrhea. Yep. And then Drew er on a yacht. Drew er on a yacht. I don't know if any of those were true, but I would say Big Cat. It is a fact that this was a big one. Yeah, It was a big one. Did it win it? It didn't win it. No, they didn't beat anyone good this year.


It's not his fault, but it is a fact. Yeah. I mean they, they beat they didn't beat anyone on their level in terms of like Illinois beat South Carolina. You, if they beat South Carolina, would you say that's Illinois should have been in the playoffs? Yeah. Yeah. That's, That's, but That's all I got you. You know that like, they didn't, I mean they had, but I, I don't blame. This was their second big test and they, or they their third. 'cause they played Oregon, Ohio State and Notre Dame and they lost all three. It would be nice to have wide receivers. Penn State's wide receivers are Atrocious in the modern era. Zero catches Insane in the modern era of football. Insane. You typically want a wide receiver to catch the ball. Zero catches. And like, I'm, I'm not gonna go back and watch the film, but if you were to go back and watch the film, I don't think there were any like, missed wide open wide receivers.


No, no, no. Like they, every time that you, they did that little replay where you can look out on the field. He had nothing out there except for Tyler Warren. Yeah. Nobody's rooting hard for Notre Dame. What Gonna say in iu? No. I was just sad. You're not gonna watch the film. Yeah, I'm not gonna watch a film. Sorry. Why not? You gotta get better. I don't even know how to watch film. Hank, what are your thoughts? Tonight's Game, Hank, do you know what to watch film? Yeah. Tell me how to watch a film. If I wanted to go back and watch you all 22, tell me how I would do it. Ask Gruin. Google. Yep. Film. PSU film. I'll, I'll look into that. Okay. I'm gonna Google that right now and just see PSU film. Hank Seriously though, what were your thoughts on the game?


I had Penn State. I, okay. They choked at the end. They choked at the end. That was an absolute choke job. Like there's no world where that shouldn't have gone to overtime. Did you listen to our college football expert? Is that why he took Penn State? Yeah. Oh no. And Jack act, he's ruin he's ruining us. Brandon Walker Jack. That I should have known right then. My parlay wasn't that bad. No, I know. It went to overtime. If it went to overtime, all we did was Tyler Warren touchdown and touchdown. But Drew Owler. Oh, if we go to Owler overtime, drew. Yeah. And it goes to 2 3 4 overtimes. He's gonna get one. Drew Owler man. So I, I was, I was, I was mentally like in overtime already. Oh no. When you look up PSU football film, the first thing that comes up is paternal the film.


Oh no. Have you seen that film? I don't think I've watched That one. You should watch that one. Not great. No. You watched it. I Actually did. Yeah. Wait, the, the Pacino The, yeah. Pacino. Pacino one. Yeah. Jeff d Lowe's in it. Is he? Yeah, he's in the opening scene. He, he's like, he's like in the front row. They use like footage from a game game. It actually wasn't terrible. No. I'll watch anything with ache. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright, so two other things. Not college football related. Do you guys Ohio State tomorrow night? You bet. In Ohio State? I am. I think I'm gonna take Ohio State. Yeah. I like strictly it's gonna be Ohio State, but I think and over the Texas Notre Dame Championship is more fun for vibes.


Why's that? I Don't know. Just, just is. I never really liked the Ohio State as a non-college football fan, but I just, Ohio State's just not never been my favorite is the Scarlet Texas. I think it's the gray more Than me. It is scarlet and the gray. Yeah. Mostly the gray. It just, I feel Like they're always Really good. They're never really fun. But this team's more Fun. Cardell was fun. Yeah. But it went 59. Nothing against Wisconsin in the Big 10 Championship game. Yeah. Was there Yeah, it was the one We were at. No, that the one we were at Wisconsin only lost by like seven. So two, two other things. One is we already taped our preview. We obviously didn't know 'cause they reported it later in the day.


But the game in LA is being moved to Arizona. Obviously. We hope everyone's okay that Oh, actually we didn't talk about that game. So we will talk about that game on Sunday. Yeah. But we do hope everybody's Okay. Yeah. Yeah. We do hope everyone's game. But yeah, that's, I dunno, it's gonna be weird. I don't know if there's enough. I mean, there's gotta be, It's the first game, first playoff game that has changed location since like the 1930s. Oh shit. There was a game. It was, I forget who was playing against Boston at the time. 'cause Boston had a football team. But then they moved that game to the polo grounds. Mm. Because favorite Stadium. Because there weren't enough tickets sold. Polo Grounds is such a fun stadium just to look at.


Yeah. They should have played that game in St. Louis. Why? Oh, they should have. That would've rocked for The Rams fans. That would've rocked. Yep. Yep. You're right. Good point. They should have played that game in St. Louis. Fuck. That would've been cool. But Yeah, that is weird. Like you think a bunch of people from LA are gonna be able to go to that game. They're probably all just worried about their homes and figuring out what to do. Yeah. I don't know. And there's probably a decent amount of Vikings fans down in Arizona, maybe for the winter. I don't know. Yeah. Or retirees. Yeah. Right. So, and weird, weird setup. The other one was a stat that came from ZB 21.


And we should have, we should have seen this 'cause it should have been in the preview. But since 2017, Sean Peyton is 30 and 12 against bald head coaches. It's a pretty big sample size. He's going Up against Sean McDermott on Sunday. That makes me very nervous. 'cause I love the bills in that game. Yeah. So you, you read 'em off earlier. A number of those were Dan Quinn games. A lot Of 'em were Dan, A lot of them were Dan Quinn games. Yeah. There was a, was there a Caldwell in there? There was a Caldwell. He only, so Zan B 21 only showed he, he ba basically everyone was like this bullshit. And he's like, you don't think I did my work? So he showed 2017 through 2019. There was a Caldwell, there was, there was a Sean McDermott, there was Todd Bowles, there was four.


Dan Quinn wins. You also mentioned Mike Tomlin. I don't think Mike Tomlin is bald. Or at least I don't think that he was bald. Like he's, he's definitely thinning, but I don't think he was bald at the time. Ah, he's pretty bald. He might, I think he shaved his head recently. But if you go back like two years ago, okay. I think Mike Tomlin had hair. But Mike Tomlin 2017, can you even find that? Mike Tomlin? He coach Photo 2017. Yeah, you're right. He, he had a little more hair there. If, if this is correct. So maybe XB 21. Maybe we shouldn't trust this stat. I Don't know. I like the stat though. It's a great stat. I appreciate the legwork that he did. It's the kind of stat you need. Okay, let's kick it to ourselves For more football talk.


We're gonna preview every game for Saturday, Sunday max. Are you okay? Birds now? Birds? Yeah. Birds. Birds, birds. I like, I'm a Penn Safe fan, but I'm, this Isn't Eagles. This isn't Eagles. Connor Griffin. I feel, I feel bad for Connor gr that He's devastated. That was one that I felt bad. I feel bad for Connor Griffin. I feel bad for my older brother. Yeah, that's, that's basically how Jeff D low. Jeff D low. I feel bad for Jeff D Low. I feel bad for myself a little bit, but I feel more bad for them. What's That like feeling bad for yourself? Do you Feel bad for yourself? Like you should, you feel bad for yourself because you rooted for the same team as them is what you feel bad for. Like if it wasn't for you, Hank's Calling you a loser. I am a loser. Like if you weren't rooting for Penn State, then Connor Griffin and Jeff D. Lowe might have won that game.


Yeah. Yeah. But if I had to lose this game to win on Sunday, I I will take that trade. That's fucked. Fucked up. Is that what the trade is though? That's not How it works. It is. It could be. You don't know that. That is true. If you're such a loser that your mere presence made other people lose a game, then do you think rooting for your own team is gonna be better? You can't help it. You guys are Gonna win. It's Okay. I don't know what you want me to say. Eagles it. What? Its, You shouldn't laugh like that. Drew Owler is gonna be your next quarterback. Oh man. Me Meme just kept saying he wants Tyler Warren to be his next quarter quarterback. I mean he's the next Josh Allen. According, No, that's Riley Leonard. Riley Leonard. Oh fuck. Yeah. I Could actually imagine Riley Leonard running a Browns offense better than DTR.


Oh well Anyone could. Yeah, Could. Yeah. I think Tyler Warren could run a better Absolutely. To the dtr. That's a low bar. Alright, let's kick it to ourselves for some weekend preview then. Dan Orlowski talking more football.


Okay, let's get to our weekend preview. It's brought to you by our friends at Gametime. It is football season. It's football playoff season And we can't wait to get out to some games. With the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now with the brand new Gametime picks feature, they're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime Picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. We're looking at the Eagles Packers game. What do we got, Hank? You can get into the link for as little as $141. Ooh. Okay. The link's gonna be rocking. So go hit the Gametime picks deal for great seats only on Gametime. Just pull up your chosen event and turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deal near you on your Gametime Map homepage. Whatcha are you waiting for? Buy those seats. The Eagles Packers tickets now with Gametime Picks. Download the Gametime app today. Use code pm MT easily score great deals with the new Gametime picks. What time is it? It's Gametime.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Netflix. They've got an all new show out. It's a gripping series, new limited series coming called American Prime Evil starring Taylor Kitsch and Betty Gilpin. American Prime Evil is about one of the most beautiful, brutal and isolated parts of America in 1857. As men and women violently clash over land, culture, religion, and community, American Prime Evil is a very violent story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival. As one woman fights to save her son as they try to get through the land. American Prime Evil is brought to you by Peter Peter Berg. Mark L. Smith and Eric Newman. And American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


Okay boys, we got some bad news. We are not allowed to call it Super Wild Card Weekend. The NFL has nerfed super Wild Card Weekend. It is just back to Wild Card weekend. Fuck that. I'm gonna call it Super Wild Card Weekend. Insane. I'm gonna do it. Do It. Stop me. It's the biggest Wild Card weekend of them all. Do it. How do I say it? It's super Wild Card weekend. Thank you. We're not gonna let them take the Super Outta Wild Card weekend. Yeah. What is it? Just the bowl now. That's the listen, they take the Super Outta Wild Card weekend, the next thing is gonna happen. It's gonna be just the bowl. It's a slippery slope. Freedom of speech. Roger. Yeah. So that, that news that was also brought to you by our good friend Mike Florio.


Which I, I love that he was on the beat for that. He was like, the NFL is slowly taking away the super word in Wild Card weekend without anyone knowing. Wait, did they slowly take it away or have they taken Away? I'm pulling it up. Super Wild Card is no more. This is from Floria. Wild Card Weekend is no longer super in name. At least after noticing on Tuesday, the conspicuous absence of the name that emerged when the NFL added two more playoff bursts and created a six game opening round. We asked the league if Super has been sixth super debuted during the 2020 season playoffs when the NFL introduced a new wild card format in the addition of a team from each conference making the playoffs the first change since 1990. The league said via email.


I just love that Florio emailed the league about this Super was used the last four seasons to help differentiate from the previous 30 years of the Saturday Sunday schedule and the further drive awareness of the three days of wild card games. It's served its purpose as fans have responded well while it has been retired, there's no doubt the wild card games will continue to be super. This is the best story ever. Okay. I mean, Florio just saying, Hey, where the fuck is the super? I gotta email the league. That's, that's a eagle eye that he he had right there. He noticed. Yes. Mike Flores the king of noticing shit like that. I What do you think the NFL is taking it away? Because they're going to move the word super to something else that they're planning on innovating. Yeah. Must And that Must be confusing.


Must be. Yeah. Like the 18 game season. Is that gonna be the super season? Mm. Yeah. Because You can't have super, The mega Season mega this. How about Mega Wild Card Weekend? I'm in for Mega Wild Card Weekend. Let's get mega with it. Do You think they're ever gonna go to eight teams? I hope not. Actually. That would be kind of fun. When they put the team in London and they put the team in Brazil, then I think we might go to Yeah. Yeah. More football. More better. Should we say real quick before we get into the games? It is super Wild Card weekend. We still say that on this show. Do we wanna do a real quick updated, what teams do you think can win the Super Bowl this year? Okay. I, I have, I have five teams and it might look stupid.


I think they all Can Big Cat, they all can. Technically I have five teams and it might look really dumb when one of the, one of those teams is not in it and the other one wins. So, but my five teams are Philadelphia Eagles, the Detroit Lions, the Baltimore Ravens, the Kansas City Chiefs and the Buffalo Bills. Okay. I got the Kansas City Chiefs, the Buffalo Bills, the Baltimore Ravens, the Philadelphia Eagles, the Detroit Lions, that's five. The Washington Commanders you Gotta And the Dallas Cowboys. Okay. 'cause Michael Parsons just said that they've got the best team and going into next season they should be Super Bowl champions. It just didn't show on paper this season.


Just need it. No scoreboards. They're, they're the winners. Also an update from Dallas. It apparently, so the, the Cowboys blocked the interview with Mike McCarthy to the Bears. And then it was a report that Jerry Jones and Mike McCarthy spent significant time together. Tuesday and Wednesday. They're getting shit done. That's great. That's a power meeting. That's, that's awesome. Do you, are you happy that they blocked Mike? I am happy they Blocked Mike. Like thank you to Dallas, right? Yes. Thank you Dallas. It's also just like kind of fucked up what they're doing, where they're putting him in limbo and if they don't resign him, he might miss his window to get another job. Yeah. I don't like at this point you have to resign it. If you put Mike McCarthy in limbo, buddy, that floor is gonna get broken.


Yeah. So I think, I think what's gonna happen is they're gonna resign him. Yeah. I don't think that they would deny him an opportunity to look for a job and then say, yeah, sorry. We're actually not gonna resign you because Dion just agreed to come to town. So I agree. Agree. Good luck out there, Mike. I agree. I agree. Have fun. Go get a Mike. Speaking of, speaking of Dion, I know that he's been connected to the Raiders at some points. The Raiders also reached out to Hank's. Good friend. Mm. Bill Belichick. Mm. Tom Brady sent out an olive branch to Bill to see if Bill would be interested in joining the Raiders. I don't know if Bill has responded. He is I guess busy on the recruiting trail right now. I saw a couple pictures of him meeting with recruits. So he is actually like going boots on the ground meeting with prospects.


But Hank how would you feel if Tom Brady and Bill got back together one last ride, but it was for the Raiders? I'd be happy. I'd be happy to see it. It's, you know, I was saying it to you yesterday, PFT, it's like parents getting divorced. You know, I'm, I'm grown up. It's no longer, you know, my childhood. But I would like to see them come together and, and, and bring that joy and love to another fan base. That wouldn't bother me. That's very big of you. Yeah. To say that. Yeah. I think it's actually a fucked up move for the Raiders to do this. Like embarrassing for the Raiders to do this. Yeah. To have the, the two guys who are responsible for your saddest moment, your most heartbreaking moment. The Tuck rule that you're still angry about now you're like, Hey, can you just come fix us?


Yeah. After you broke us. Yeah. We, yeah. We need your help. Also, if you look at the Raiders coaches, they've had like 16 coaches Yeah. In the last 30 years. I think it was 12 and 20. It's insane. Yeah. So I think they're, they're averaging one and a half years per coach. Yeah. Which Is absolutely nuts. Not a way to do it. No. But yeah, that would be fun. No, I obviously it'd be fucked for college football if Belichick was just like, yeah. You know what, I'm, I'm going back to the NFL but as fans of storylines, which we are would be incredible. It'd be incredible. Maybe you can coach both. Yeah. Saturdays and Sundays. Yeah. Feeder system. Okay. Let's get to some games. I'm excited for these games.


I'm excited. This is, this is, I know I, I have a bunch of top weekends but in sports like wild Super Wild Card Weekend is is very high up there. Especially 'cause we have college football playoffs too. Like this is a weekend. I look forward to all year. Yeah. When you say that like Feast Week is your favorite week. That's it's one of, That's a whole whole week. It's have like seven favorite Fe Sports Weeks. Fe you got, you got Feast Up, hand up, Fe Feast Week feels like the outlier. The others are conference Championship week. Yep. First week into March Madness. Yep. Second week in March Madness. But really first weekend, the masters, Kentucky Derby. Kentucky Derby. You see when there's a big fight and there's the NBA and NHL Playoffs. Yeah. Wild super Wild Card Weekend Divisional Round Weekend Conference Championship weekend. I'm usually more of a fan of divisional round weekend, but for some reason this year I'm, yeah, the super really, it it got to me.


Yeah. It is super. And, and then just throw in a random like October weekend when the slate is just insane and it's like, you know, five awesome college football matchups and five awesome NFL matchups. Yeah. No, I'm, I'm very excited for this weekend. The game should be awesome. And yeah, this is just, it's an exciting time to be alive. It is. Alright, so first game up Chargers at Texans. I updated my lines last night. Let me make sure they're all good Chargers at Texans, I believe. Sorry, this is bad Chargers at Texans. I think the Texans are three point. Yes. So three point underdogs at home over under is 42 and a half.


This is a tough game for me because I, the Chargers should win this game. The Texans offense is not good. It has proven to be not good all year. They are 31st and early down success rate. But the Houston defense is very good And we also have a fun matchup. Lad McConkey is going up against his former teammate, Kamari Lasseter. And I think Ladd has said that he's the toughest cornerback he ever played in practice at Georgia. But I'm, I, I'm, I'm believing in the Chargers. I'm just a little hesitant because I do think Houston's defense is that good and they can keep him in this game and muck it up.


So is it gonna be against Lasseter or is it gonna be against Stingley? It depends on where he goes. I mean, if he's in the slot it's gonna be Lasseter. Yeah. I, I was thinking this, this game is, you know what it is, it's strength for strength. Yeah. All around because you've got good cornerbacks against Lad and then you've got some other wide receivers who are gonna have to step up. I actually like Josh Palmer in this game a lot. Ooh. But then you have the two defensive ends for Houston. You've got Hunter and Will Anderson going up against Alton Slater. Yep. Strength on Strength the anchor Strength on strength game. And then there's just a lot of stuff, a lot of cool shit to keep your eye on in this game. The Texans, according to Sports Info Solutions 25th in the league with a point 22 EPA per play when opponents are targeting the middle of the field.


But they are first in the NFL with negative point 11 EPA per play when opponents target the perimeter of the field, which would seem to say it will be a tough day for lad to eat. Yeah. The lad's not gonna eat on on Sunday. Yeah. And then, which is kind of why I like Josh Palmer on the Reverse side, the Chargers do play a lot of too high safety. And when Stroud goes up against these eight touchdowns, seven interception and his passer rating is 31st in the NFL against that type of defense, we also have Jim Harbaugh knowing Nico Collins, which is the only weapon the Texans have. Yep. Recruited him, played for him. Here's another one I had Houston verse top 10 DVOA defenses because the Chargers ranked ninth in DVOA Minnesota, the second DVOA defense, they lost 34 7 Baltimore the sixth, they lost 31 2 Detroit the fifth they lost 26, 23 and Green Bay the seventh they lost 24, 22.


So they are oh and four against those top 10 DVOA defenses. And like I said, the Chargers are a top 10 DVOA defense. Everything we just have said is just like, you should just take the Under. I was, I was just gonna say, did we become an analytics podcast? A little bit there. Listen to us. We touched On it. Alright, how about this? Let's, let's just get anti analytics. I have a, I have a dumb analytics stat for you. Okay. Yeah. It's just looking at game logs. JK Dobbins when he's hurt or he left the game against Baltimore. The Chargers are two and three. When he is healthy, they're nine and three. Okay. I like that. Yeah. It's just dumb analytics. I literally just looked at the game logs like, oh, he didn't play there. They lost. Okay, here's my dumb analytics. Jim Harbaugh hates losing. Mm. Hate. I think he hates losing more than Dmi.


Ryan's hates losing Jim Harbaugh also claims that he remembers the day he was born. Yeah. Yeah. I I remember wasn't this a, a thing a story that we heard like over the summertime, but then Justin Herbert brought it up Yes. In a press conference. He's like, when I knew that I liked Jim was when he told me that he remembers being born. Yeah. He's putting his head down. Hitting daylight. Yeah. Maybe hit the C gap if it was sliced open. But there's, there's a fun thing in this game that we always do every year. It's the MVP game. This is the slime time game on Nickelodeon. We gotta give the MVP to Harb if they win. Right. Oh, is that a possibility? He would love it. He would. He would. He would. Yeah. He would cherish It. He would earnestly accept that with just so much like love in his heart.


Yeah. He'd be like, this is what happens when you dedicate yourself. You put your mind to it and you, you fight with the ferocity that no one's ever seen. Yeah. It would be good for kids. Yeah. It would be good for America and America's children. If they could see Jim Harbaugh win the MVP. Yeah. Yeah. He'd probably have it presented to him by SpongeBob. It would be incredible. Incredible. Which Would be a fucking dream come true. Harbaugh Would be starstruck. There's no, He would be like, okay, first I'm, I'm gonna move my Championship trophy from college football to the side and the MVP goes right there. 'cause SpongeBob gave it to me. So is everyone, where's everyone thinking in this game? I do think the Chargers win. I'm a little nervous about three just because it does feel like it's going to be a low scoring knockdown, drag out fight.


Yeah. There's a pattern for me this weekend and that is, there are a lot of teams that it, it seems like every single analyst out there is picking the Chargers. Yeah. That makes me think, what, what if the Texans just play like they played last year? Right. That's stupid because we've been waiting for the Texans to do that. That Browns game. It was kind of a similar spot. I think the, I think the charge, I think the Texans might have been un underdogs in that game. I can't remember. But that was, yeah, they kicked the shit outta the Browns. And I think we thought last year, this might be the last time we see the Texans in this time slot. Right. But The Texans also, you kind of are what you are. They have not been a good offense this year. So last year they were a lot better of an offense.


I also, we should say, I mean the, the fires in LA are like horrific. Really, really sad. Hope everyone who's an A WL is safe and, and Okay. I wonder if there is, is there a human element? 'cause like the, you're living in a city if you're a charger and it's burning down right now. Yeah. You're wondering if your house is okay while you're gone. Yeah. I don't know. Just something to throw in there. I I just more hope that everyone's okay and, and, and all anyone who listens is, is doing okay. Yeah. Agreed with that. I, I do like the Chargers though. Yeah. I can't, I can't talk myself into the Texans. I will talk myself into one of these other teams, but I'm not doing it for the Texan Max. We gotta win this game and then we can cash out our future If we want. Yeah. The cash out. I, that's what I was just looking at.


It's, it's not, it's, it's not great. It's, it's even right now or a little less Right. It It's a little bit less. Okay. Right now the Chargers are 30 to One, but this was the Plan Chargers win one playoff game. I'm, I'm holding for the Chiefs. Okay. Yeah. I think the charger, if, if the Chargers play the chiefs divisional divisional opponent I'm holding for the Chiefs, They got a chance. Okay. Next game. Saturday Night Steelers at Ravens Ravens minus nine and a half over under 43 and a half. I'm very interested to see if Za Flowers plays. That's a big one because I don't, there's nothing that tells me the Steelers can win this game unless the Ravens have their number one receiver gone.


So Za Flowers has a 24% target rate, so a quarter of the targets. And he also has a quarter of the team's total receiving yards. If he doesn't play, maybe it's a Tomlin. Muck it up if he plays, I like, where's the Steeler's offense coming from? They've looked so bad. It's Non-existent. What about this Tomlin surprises? The world starts Justin Fields. Mm. Probably not any better. No, probably not. But I do think that if Za Flowers doesn't play, then that plays obviously into the hands of the Steelers who are very, very good against the run. But the Ravens are different against the run. The also the, the Ravens defense is since making the change.


Yeah. And since moving Kyle Hamilton back to more of a free safety role or playing him deep, the Ravens defense is like number one in every category. Yeah. So we're gonna talk more about it with Dan Orlowski. 'cause he breaks it down what they changed. But since week 11 when they made the change, they have the top pass defense in the NFL. So that's pretty crazy. Yeah. They were 30th one weeks one through 10. I Think Top pass defense, maybe top scoring defense since making that change, there Are just a all around sound team and I want like, part of me. So, so if I was gonna make the case for the Steelers, it's Za Flowers being out. It's Justin Tucker being a little shaky. Like this is maybe the fir this has gotta be the first time in the Ravens Justin Tucker history that the other team has the edge in kicking.


Yeah. Chris Boswell has had a better year than Justin Tucker. And then the Ravens are second in the league in penalties. 132 penalties this year. And you've, we've seen it. They've had games where they've been right there and that like little, you know, thing will happen and it's like not fully sound not buttoned up. So that would be my case for the Steelers. But I feel like that's not a very strong case and the Ravens are gonna win. I think that there's a path for the Steelers though. And This me Okay. Gimme the path. Let's close our eyes and do a Visualization. This is me talking myself into the, into the Steelers. They play very, very hard against the Ravens. Okay. I'm closing my eyes. This is not a good first round matchup for the Ravens.


How cold is it? Let's do, let's set the, set it For me. Okay. Here's a, it's night Game. Night Game. It is 27 degrees in Baltimore. Windy the flags on top of the gold post swirling. Okay. Like Acrisure Stadium, T TJ Watt. What's his hair? TJ Watt has a fresh bully. Cut. Okay. He looks healthy. Okay. Justin. Justin Fields is coming in not just on third and short. Okay. He's coming in on second down sometimes. I don't know why I still have my eyes closed. Okay. Lamar may be wearing a little too many undergarments. Yeah. And like a little too a Lamar. You're like, you didn't need all those layers. Yeah. Mike Tomlin has two hats on putting a hat on a hat.


Two wool caps on. And the opening kickoff returned by the Ravens. Mike Tomlin steps onto the field. He lays that motherfucker Out. Sets the tone. It's Pittsburgh football and that's it. What's the weather? Max cold game too Quick for Me. So I I also russy like George Pickens has to do something. Yep. And 25 to 28 degrees. I kind of nailed that, that degree. Yeah. It doesn't look like Well that's today. Oh, that's today. Oh, okay. All right. Give us Saturday 41 and sunny. Oh, wait, wait, wait. What's the night night game? It's Max, you dummy. That's the, Oh, that's, that's on.


It's be nine, gonna be 31 degrees at seven 30. Okay. Okay. It's pretty close. Probably. Yeah. That was Probably in not a lot of wind, but we can, we can manufacture wind. Yeah. We've seeded clouds. Just have one side of the stadium fart at the same time. Yeah. So there is, there, there's some bulletin board material going around. Okay. Have you seen the, we gotta get Jerry on this case actually. Okay. 'cause it involves cologne. Oh, so Lamar Jackson has his own, will he? Yeah. Oh, He's got it. Lamar Jackson has his own cologne. Okay. It's for men and women. So whatever that is. Unisex cologne. How does that work? I don't know. They passed it around the locker room in Baltimore. And you can hear guys in the background talking about the cologne as it's being passed around. They're asking how does it smell, how does it smell?


And one guy says soft smells soft just like George Pickens. Oh. That's been going viral. And you know that George just, he needs something like this to lock himself back in. Now it did come out later, I should say. They weren't talking about the cologne. It was somebody in the background talking about another thing related to George Pickens. They were looking at a picture of a guy. Okay. And they're like, yeah, the profile looks kind of, they were just saying this guy looks like George Pickens. Ah, but it doesn't matter because the clip already went out there. So don't pass. Do not Correct. Nobody show George Pickens the community notes on this. Right. If you're a Steelers. Right. I also, George Pickens might be the one guy that you would want to talk shit to because he probably is now just like, all I have to do, all I wanna do is fight.


Yeah. You know, this could, you can get him out of his game very easily. This Could be Art of War shit from Harbaugh here. Yeah. Also, I'm excited for this game though. I hope it's a close game. I don't want, this is, this is the one game that I'm very nervous could be a blowout. Just, just because the, I mean the Steelers, I think it's happened twice that a team has made the playoffs on a four game losing streak. Both teams lost and, and so I don't, Their offense sucks. Their offense sucks. They can't do anything. Their Defense got a little bit better. Their defense Is pretty good. I mean, they held the, they held the Bengals outta the end zone for 57 minutes of that game. Yeah. So there, there is a path here. If they can sum, if TJ can get a couple turnovers from Lamar, bully, Cut, bully Cut, then it could happen potentially.


But it's, it's unlikely. There was also a video of, I think it was her hard knocks of Cam Hayward and Russell Wilson after the last game, Russell going up to him on the field after the game being like, okay, we just gotta, we just gotta, we win four in a row now that's on us. We gotta win four. And Cam Hayward's just like, yeah. Yeah. Just like completely. Oh no. Can, can you pull up the video? I would like to, I would like to listen to this video again. Hey Pittsburgh. Hey, let's win the last four. Alright. Look at, let's go. We can do it. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Don't doubt now. Yep. You feel me? Let's go win the last four. Oh no. Yeah. Cam's just like, it's like A Russ's leadership is starting to maybe wear a little thin. It's like a fly buzzing around a horse's eye.


Yeah. The horse just like, get the fuck away from me dude. And they're, and like Cam really wants to just be like, Hey dude, how about just throw over the middle of the field? Yeah. Yeah. We, we just shut down Joe Burrow. Yeah. We held him. Yeah. We held 'em to 19 points. Can you please just try to win this game? Please do something. I I do think that Justin might get on the field a little bit more. It would be cool. Add an element. Yeah. Okay. Sunday, Sunday, Sunday. Sunday we have the Broncos at the Bills. Bills might eight and a half over unders 46 and a half. Very funny, when, when reporters asked Josh Allen what Joe Brady has brought to the offense this year, he said, 'cause they were asking about him interviewing for head coaching jobs. He said nothing Team should stay away from him.


I think I love the over in this game. I love it. Okay. Love it. Love it, love it. I think that the, I mean the weakness of the bills is their defense has not been great. They've had games where they've looked good, but they, they just have not like they, they were that Rams game, that Lions game. I know they won the Lions game, but they, if you ask any Bills fan, that's, that's the concern is their defense has not been in, you know, up to snuff for the back half of the year. And Josh Allen has been playing out of his mind and I think that he will not be stopped either. So I like the over, I think the Bills are gonna do everything they can to not let bow Nicks hit any deep shots. Yeah. And make bone, if you're gonna score against us, you have to take, you have to take your offense down the field.


Yeah. I'm gonna need, you know, seven completions outta you on this drive and, and bait 'em with stuff underneath. Yeah. That to me is, is the Bill's game plan. 'cause Denver's gonna try to run the ball. They're not that good at it, but they're gonna try to do it. The Bill's rush defense is pretty good. And then if you can make Bow Next play, if you can make one mistake, then I think the bills are definitely gonna win. If Bone X plays a mistake free game, they have a Shot And we got a shot. The, so this is one of the, there's three of these Cubies making their first Playoffs start versus Cubies who have playoff experience. The Cubies making their first playoffs start in that, in that situation are 34% against the spread since 2002.


So not great track record. You gotta think, I think one of the three quarterbacks that are making their first playoffs start this year. Jayn Daniels, Bo, Nick, Sam, Donald. One of those three is gonna win the game. I think the other two might be in trouble. I don't know how to pick those. It's kind of like a whack-a-mole. Which one's gonna show up and, and the other two. But like statistically speaking, a guy making his first Playoffs start versus a guy who's played in the playoffs before. It's a disadvantage for the guy making his first play. Right. Mean it's also dis disadvantage to be playing against Josh Allen. Correct. And Buffalo Bills. Correct. In Buffalo. Correct. All All true. As good as they are right now. All true. All true. So yeah. I love, I love Buffalo. Is Von Miller maybe revenge game here?


Ooh. He said it's a full circle moment. I don't know what that means. Full circle. What does that was that button on PlayStation. He Went full circle The spin move, spin move, spin, move. So look for Von Miller's spin move. That's what he means. How is This a full circle moment? Von Miller? Yeah, he's just, it's not like they beat the bills just full circle To go in the playoffs when they won. He's Just playing the Broncos. He's Playing against the Broncos. Yeah, I know. But full circle When Full circle be, if the bills were playing against Texas a and m. Yeah. Well, like if the, if they beat, if the Broncos beat the bills, you know, in their original run. Yeah. Right. Then it would be full circle Then it'd full circle. But Full Circle moment is just playing it against a team that you used to play on. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Full circle moment. I don't think it's full circle.


I don't know. I don't know what, what shape it is. Yeah. Like Yeah, I like the bills. I like The bills as well. I mean, we know what they didn't. Alright. Packers at Eagles. Eagles minus four and a half over under 44 and a half max. Do we have any reports at the time of this taping? Taping time of this at 10 45. By the time that you listen, Jalen Hurts will be out of concussion protocol. Let's, let's go wait. But wait Max, let's go Max. You told me several times this week that when he woke up on Thursday morning, he'd be outta concussion protocol. He is. They just haven't reported it yet. He's awake right now. He Doesn't have symptoms. How do you know?


I know you don't know. Me and my guy, we, I know You don't know. He doesn't have symptoms. He's, he's good To go. You said when he opens his eyes on Thursday, he's gonna be out. Correct. Because all, all he needs to do is wake up without symptoms. And I know that he woke up without symptoms. They just haven't reported to the media that they woke up. Nick Siri's trying to keep everyone guessing. Alright. Why would he give up information earlier than he has to give out information? I think he does have to give out information today though. Today. Yeah. Yeah. So by the time that the listeners are listening to this, he will be out of protocol. I actually agree with you. I think he's gonna be fine. Yeah, I think he's gonna be fine. Too. And I like the Eagles in this game. I, here's the problem, here's the thing, max, that we can't have happen.


The Eagles cannot start slow. The Eagles are, they always start slow. I know they're 21st in, but especially in this game, they're 21st and in first quarter scoring, and the Packers are fourth in first quarter scoring. That's not good. You don't wanna be down and have the Packers be able to lean on Josh Jacobs and, and have them be able to control this game. And there is a little, here's, here's my biggest concern. Jordan Love is not, I mean, I, I think last year he was ascending at the end this year. The Packers are probably a better team overall. But they didn't, they weren't playing better towards the end of the season. Like last year they were playing well towards the end of the season. That game against the Cowboys was crazy. He played perfect football game. That was his first playoff start.


I'm worried that, like, that guy's gonna show Up. They're the only seven seed to win a, a playoff game. Yeah. The other seven seeds are one in seven all the time. So they Okay. That team is the only one that's done it before. So that's My, that's what I've been saying all week. What's your biggest worry? It's nothing really about what I'm, what I've seen on the field the past couple weeks. It's really just the, the vibe of the, of the Green Bay Packers as a seven seed Yeah. Coming off of last year. Yeah. But the Eagles are better than the Packers in almost every category of the, of, of the game. But it's still the Green Bay Packers, they're still, they still have a really good coach and they beat the, and they've done it before. Yeah. And they know and they're not scared. Right. But that's what I, that's what I'm scared of.


Yeah. Is that we're not play, we're not playing a seven C that is scared of, of the big, of the big guns. Yeah. So let's do a guy off real quick. Is there anybody at the same position on the Packers who's better than on the Eagles quarterback? I would take Jalen Herz Running back. I would take Saco Barkley Left and right tackles. I would take our guy Like kicker. Yeah. No, you guys have a better Yeah. Kick kicker. Kicker. But yeah, you guys have a better and better wide receivers. Better cornerbacks. Yeah. What about Coach? Great. Best winning percentage in the NFL? He didn't answer the question though. No, he Didn't.


No. Not coach The, I also think Vic Fangio is gonna have a little bit, I mean, I think he already has an edge because Christian Watson being out is a big deal. Like that's, I know that he's, you know, Packers like, well he, he doesn't, he has stones for hands and, but he's a field stretcher. He is the guy who can, who can get open deep and you have to worry about his speed at all times. That definitely changes the dynamic of what the Packers can do and what the Eagles can do in terms of defending the Packers. And if you, Even, if you go back to that week one game, the Eagles still won that game. Jair Alexander was playing in that game. AJ Brown torched torched him. But then Jayden, Jayden Reed Torched.


Ivanti Maddox. But Ivanti Maddox is no longer our nickel corner. Cooper Deje is now our nickel corner who's been one of the best in the league since he's come in. So the Eagles won that game and they're in a better spot now than they were week one. Yeah. So like everything points that the Eagles should take care of business, but it's a Green Bay Packers. Yeah. And they beat the shit outta the Cowboys. Yeah. In week one last year. It's the only thing I'm scared of. Okay. Yeah. It makes sense. So not afraid No, I'm what? You're not afraid I just, at all, I just explained to you why I'm afraid. But you're not afraid. I mean, I'm, I'm confident but there, if there's still worry. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not gonna go in here and say we're on the week two or we're, we're on the divisional round.


Super Divisional round. Yeah. We're onto the super divisional round. I'm gonna give Siri compliment. That was a good decision that he made last week. Yeah. Got your guys a little mini buy. Yeah. He created his own buy. Yeah. Had to. Because if you're not gonna get the one seed you need, you need that little small little break for yourselves to get, get a little bit more fresh. For Super Wild Coach, assuming Jalen Hurts is healthy, we week one, all 11 starters on offense and defense will be playing in this game for the evening. Okay. Yep. And I, I just hope he's, 'cause that's the, the slow start and the fact that he's missed, what, two weeks now? Three weeks? Two weeks, Two and a half. Just gotta find a way to start, start fast. I'm Worried about to start, Have to find a way to scheme something up and, and get in a rhythm early, because that's where I'm gonna start getting nervous.


If the Eagles come out and they're like three and out and the Packers go down the field and now you're playing a different game. 'cause the Eagles are a incredible team to play from ahead. We saw it in that Steelers game when they had the fucking, whatever it was, 13 minute drive down the field to end the game. Counterpoint though they've been playing from behind all year. True. So even if they do start off playing from behind Yeah, they Can. It's just playing from behind in the playoffs is definitely a different Feeling. It's different in the playoffs. Yeah. It's different in the playoffs. But if like this, like the Eagles have found, found a way this year to start to play from behind in every game and still win by two scores Right. In almost every game. Right. I think with the Packers, that, that would be the one way that you could go about it though.


If you could just start handing the ball to Josh Jacobs. Yeah. We started behind in that game. Yeah. I'm pretty, pretty sure. Did you guys see that? You, you added another Georgia Bulldog. I think there's 11 total playing in this game. Who is it? Who's North Lewis scene? The former first round pick who was cut by the Vikings. I think he was on the Bills practice squad and he got a added to the Eagles active roster. So it's, it's a significant amount of Georgia Bulldogs. I love that. I'm Let's go win a football game, max. Let's go win a football game. Yeah. Max can, can you gimme a quick breakdown of the Howard Eskin stuff?


Oh shit. That was my Fuck. Whoa. So I, he Gave me a, he gave me a homework assignment That I gave him a homework that I, That I failed. Got I, I saw a headline and it said Howard es eskin, like the, the reporter in Philly got banned from the facility and then gave himself his own press credential. Oh. And tried to sneak in like he was still on the job. That's A horny guy who posted the, the Yeah. Picture of his daughter I think. But there's some other horny stuff in here too. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think Horness is to be, I I did not, I have not done my homework. I did. I hand up professor. I did not do my, I did not do my homework. Alright, So we need it for Sunday night show. Yeah. Okay. Correct. That sounds like you're not gonna do it then Either.


Yeah. It sounds like I, that's why I have to put it, how about this? How about by the end of class? I can get it by the end of class for Sure. Okay. By the end of class. Okay. Have it on my desk. Okay. Yeah. I like the Packers. I, I read, sorry. I like the Eagles. I I I think the Packers are gonna win. There might be something to that. The Eagle. I already bet the Eagles. That was A Freudian slippery there Max. I like the Eagles. They're gonna win this game. Just don't start slow. I'm not promising they're not gonna start slow, but you're more worried about starting slow Than I am. Okay. I would like very much for the Packers to win this game. Very much. I would like very much for the Commanders to lose their game As well. I'm aware. Oh, I'm aware. Nice. All right. Let's talk about that. Game Commanders at Bucks.


Bucks minus three over under 50 and a half. What are we thinking? PFT how are we feeling? I told you I had a path, right? Yeah. I told you I, I had this whole thing figured out from doing a deep dive into the old 22. I think Jayden is going to run the fuck outta the football. And I think Austin Eckler is gonna run the fuck outta the football. I think that Todd Bowles is going to, if he tries to blitz Jayden the way that he did in week one, it's not gonna end up well for him. 'cause Jayden will take off on him. He's a different quarterback. Fun fact, no team has ever beaten Jayden Daniels twice in the same year. Ooh. Ever. That is a fun fact, right? I think it's just three teams this year. Wait, That had the opportunity to do It.


Did he, he didn't play in an SEC Championship, Right? He did not play, no. Okay. When they lost it was Alabama and Georgia. Okay. Okay. And won. Yeah. So no team's ever beaten him twice in the same year. That's awesome. Which is pretty Good. Dan Quinn has never gone one and done in the playoffs. Okay. He's, I think he's two and oh in that the bucks were oh and four in primetime this year as well. This is a Sunday night game. Okay. So they haven't won a primetime game yet. That Cowboys game was bad. It was very bad. Now Counterpoint, if you're a Bucks fan listening to this, you can say, Hey, we beat you when you were the Reds skins in the Playoffs. We beat you when you were the football team in the Playoffs and now we're gonna be the only team to have beaten you when you're all three of those in the playoffs.


Okay. We haven't won a playoff game since 2006, which was against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Okay. And Chris Sims. Okay. But I think, I think the way that Todd Bowles is gonna attack this is going to be start off blitzing, get damaged a little bit by Jayden's legs and then he's gonna drop back more into more of like a rush four, take his foot off the gas a little bit blitzing, and then expect Jayden to be looking like he wasn't week one passing the ball. But Jayden is a lot better now. There's a different Jaden Daniels Yeah. We saw in week one. Yeah. So I think, I think there's a path to it. Now the, the downside to all this is that our defense is still not very good. Our defense is, I would say medium bad.


Which is Medium bad's not good. Which is Also, it's not good. But it's also a significant upgrade on what the buck saw in week one. True. When we were bad, bad, bad. True. Maybe worse than the league. Bad. True. I think I said after that, if our defense can just get medium, then we'll be a decent team. Our defense is like medium bad. They with an opportunity to escalate to medium. Yep. I think there's gonna be a lot of points either way. I do too. I think that it's gonna be a shootout, but Which would be awesome. Weird Stuff happens with the commanders at the end of games. We've won a lot of games, some against bad teams that we shouldn't have won. But for some reason Jaden at the end just figures shit out. Yes. He's A big figure shit out guy.


And he doesn't get too excited. He doesn't get too emotional besides happy. Yeah. So I, I like our chances. I think that we have a a very good chance of beating the Bucks. Yeah. I I I do too. I think this would be a great game. I think the Bucks are not like the Bucks defense is not looks great. They also have a lot of injuries and I don't know, I I think it actually helps that Jaden Daniels has played them before, like you said, like it's like, you know, the unfamiliarity of playoffs. Lot of pressure. It's like, but we've been to Tampa, we've played them. That was the first game of the season. I would be a little worried about the run game for the Bucks. I feel like Bucky's gonna have a huge day. Yep. Probably gonna ladder his overs. I would agree with that. Yeah.


We're gonna have a very hard time stopping Bucky Irving and Rashad White, Mike Evans. I don't know what to expect. I, I like, I like Lati more's chances more than I would like Benjamin St. Juice chances. Yes. Latimore or against Mike Evans. So yeah. If you look at Todd Bowles, he's got like two ways of playing defense. He will blitz quarterbacks that he does not respect and then he will take away the deep ball against quarterbacks that he does. That's what he did. To to, to Patrick Mahomes the Super Bowl. Yep. Where he just did, he just stopped blitzing entirely. Right. Right. So I think he's gonna try to blitz and then realize this isn't working and then Jayden's gonna have his way. Okay.


I I I think you guys are gonna be in this game. I'm rooting for you to get a playoff win. I've told you, I've been honest. I I I, if you want a Super Bowl this year, I'd be like, that's fucking bullshit. I would like you to win this game. Especially 'cause it's against Stephen Chaa. Yes. And that would be very nice for you to win against Stephen Chaa. I will probably do a friendship bet on the commanders and ride with you. 'cause I want you to just rub it in his face. I appreciate that. Yeah. And so, so the, the path becomes, here's what I'm also worried about. If we do somehow happen to win this game, I'm going to the, the next week I'm gonna treat like we just won the Super Bowl. Oh, You have to Because In in all likelihood, we're then going to have to play against the lions. Right. In which case I think the lions are gonna score 70 points if they play the commands.


That Would not be a great matchup for You. It would be a terrible matchup for us. Which is why I'm rooting so hard for the Packers. Yes. But yeah, this is gonna be fun. We're in the playoffs. Let's Go. I'm fucking, let's go. I'm, I'm above the moon. The fact that I get a play above the Moon, Above the moon that I get a playoff game Above the moon. Yeah. Damn. Okay. That's it. We'll, we'll do the Monday night game on Sunday. Yep. Hank, By the way, we had 12 wins this season. You bet us to not make the playoffs. 12 wins. 12 Wins is a lot of wins here. Yeah, it was A bad bet. You guys. Good team. I I have the Superbowl future. I'm hoping for this path to come through. Wait, you, you said on Monday that we were not a good team.


No, it was actually Sunday. Yeah. Sunday he turned to me during the game. He said the commanders are not a good team. Yeah. You just said you're a good team. Well, you made the Playoffs, you got 12 wins. There's, I'm not gonna, I'm not like, you're not, don't know. Well Made, we made the Playoffs the week before that And we beat the Falcons. Listen, I'm rooting for the commanders. I don't think they're like that good of a team. But the, the numbers stayed otherwise the win stayed. Otherwise you guys made the Playoffs. Like I'm just a hater. I don't, I don't. I'm I'm definitely hating. Yeah. And you guys basically lost to the bears. You basically lost to the saints. Like you barely beat the Cowboys. This sounds like this sounds like a loser. Those are bad teams. You have to fight. Target a loser, target bad teams Basically loser don't Care about in theory that you guys are gonna get smoked in the playoffs.


But I almost Lost to Kenny Pickett. I Hank Hank you basically dunked. Yeah, exactly. I actually did basically dunk us was pretty close. No, I mean it was, it was pretty close. At no point I have no problem admitting that I was wrong. And for the sake of this podcast, I want Commander's Eagles and I, the best case scenario outta that, I guess I have the Eagles future, but I, I want the Eagles to make a run for the sake of this show. I don't care if that makes me look wrong. Do I think it's gonna happen if you gave me, you know, true serum? No, but at this point I, I'll, I'll, I'll take my licks and say I was wrong and, and somehow hope the commanders, you know, make a run. No, That's fine. Well the, the reality is the NFL was very bad this year.


There were a lot of bad teams And we beat a lot of bad teams And we beat a lot of bad teams by, and You barely beat a lot of Bad teams. A narrow margin. But we also narrowly, narrowly lost to several good teams. You Are what your record says you are. Yeah, exactly. So true. 12 win team 12 And five. I'll take the number 12 next to the win column. Looks pretty good. I did put in a future on drafting sports book Ohio State parlayed with Ohio State to win the national Championship parlayed with the Eagles. I think it's 13 to one Eagles Super Bowl. All right, so I'm with Maxie. Me too. And I'm just, I'm I do waiting for catch. I think the Eagles the best team in the NFC. I've said it for months now. That's a fact. I think the Eagles are, are walking on a, on a minefield to get to the Super Bowl.


Why? There's just a lot of good teams in the NFC. I think there's, I think the AFCs Well the AFCs Packers Is tough. The the lines are tough. The Vikings are tough. Gonna say Commanders Rams like he's not gonna say Commanders. No, That's fine. He's used to the Packers too. He just named everything he, he just named every Commander Bucks not Tough. Yeah. He named 4, 5, 6. That's, am I wrong? 4, 5, 7. Am I wrong? No. Listen, Hank's, skip six Hank's not wrong. I think that all Those teams have a better chance against, I Think. Alright, so In my dream matchup, I had the Buccaneers in the Buccaneers dream matchup. They had the commanders here. Here's, here's what I was saying in pf t's defense and I, I I, 'cause like, you know, he's not, he's not trying to be cocky about it.


But I think that what the commanders are is they're not a finished product. They're not a great team. But the way Jayden Daniels has played this year gives you a chance in Any game. Any game. That's, that's really what it comes down to is you got a guy that is so dynamic that if he is, if he is hitting his long balls, if he's running, you know, when he needs to run, he's a matchup, matchup problem. I would say even if he doesn't hit the long balls and he's running well and hitting, you know, Zach Ertz and Zacchaeus and, and some of the other receivers on like intermediate stuff, he's still gonna keep you in games. Right. Right, right. And if he hits the long balls, that's when we win. Yeah, that's, that's if he's connecting on long balls and running well at the same time, I think we win the game. No doubt about it. Yeah. But you know, anything can happen.


It play, anything can happen. Anything can happen. Tampa Bay is own foreign primetime Memes. You got anything on the playoffs? I I'm all in on Steve Spagnola right now. Oh, Okay. I thought you second chance You guys are interviewing a ton of Italians. So many Italians. Yeah, I Like that. Need the League and Italians. Do you think the Rizz is in on any of these interviews? I saw somebody say we interviewed Mike Francesa for the GM job. Oh, Eagles definitely lead the league in Italians by the way. Yeah, but the Jets are are they're trying to get, it's a copycat. Trying To get They are, they have been trying to copycat league the Eagles for a while now. Yeah. Just Because they got Joe Douglas. Should we have an Italian off? We might have to, might have an Italian off. I mean, big Dom is accounts as like 10 Italians. He does, that's True. He's, he's the don He's a starting five for Italians.


We Have eagles. There's just eagles hats that have the Italian flag on the side of it for the whole coaching staff. That Is true. Must be Italian to coach you My brother. Like That is your terrible Tell The Italian brother has asked me so many times. He's like, can you get me that Eagles Italian hag flag? Because you can't buy it. Only the coaches get it. You gotta get it for him. Yeah, you gotta Get it for him. Memes are, are you rooting for Max? No. You're rooting for pain. Yeah. Yeah. Be honest. What are you Rooting for? I don't want anybody to win. I want everybody to lose. But, but if you're rooting for maximum for the podcast listeners, we need to spread out the losses. Like if you guys both lost this weekend, it would kind of suck.


Yeah. You know, Eagles are gonna lose in the Super Bowl in horrific or no, they'll probably lose in the NFC Championship in horrific fashion. Okay. No confidence. Loser, Loser talk. You say that and then you just don't look at me. Loser. Look at me, talk loser. Look at me. Speak like a winner. I'm the captain now. Speak a New existence. I'm a loser. Oh, in What? In what way do you're like Oh this is shocking. Max is acting like a loser. Max. You're acting like a loser right now. Yeah, I am a loser. Do you wanna Win? Did you beat Hank? And of course, of Course. Gonna act Like a winner. Not on this show. Yeah, this is bad. You're set in a bad tone.


Alright, let's, we have, we have a same game parlay for the people. We actually have two of them. So DraftKings this weekend with NFL teams playing to see who's the king of the Gridiron. Get in on the playoff action. See who's the king of the end zone at DraftKings Sports book and official sports book partner of the NFL playoffs. DraftKings has been The number one place to bet touchdowns all season long. And the NFL playoffs aren't keeping them outta the end zone. They're going all in with $2 million in bonus bets up for grabs every game day during the NFL playoffs. Here's how it works. Place a $5 pre-game bet on an off offensive player into find the end zone. And if they have the longest rushing or receiving TD that day, they're king of the end zone and you win a share of $2 million in bonus bets. DraftKings Sportsbook is crowning a king of the end zone. Every NFL game day download draftking Sportsbook app use code take Let's code take to compete for a share of $2 million in bonus bets only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age in eligibility varies by jurisdiction void. An Ontario one token per customer tokens expired the start of the final of NFL game each day when offered. Use token on day's longest touchdown score to receive equal share of 2 million in non-controllable bonus bets that expire in 168 hours. Additional wagering restrictions apply for additional terms or responsible gaming resources. See sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, what is your guys pick? Well let's do ours first 'cause it's the first game. Max and I are doing the Packer's Eagles game And we have a plus 5 75 parlay for the people. It's Eagles money line Devonte Smith, 70 Yards receiving and Devonte Smith Touchdown and Saquon Barkley 80 plus yards rushing. Okay, what does it pay Out? It paid 5 75. Okay. Hank and I teamed up on this one. Hank's a winner. Max is a loser. So teamed up with Hank. We got Terry McClure anytime touchdown. Terry McCluen 60 plus receiving yards. Jaden Daniels 40 plus Rushing Yards and Baker Mayfield over 18 and a half.


Rush yards. Double Dipping with Terry. Double dipping with Terry and quarterbacks. I might just bet on every quarterbacks over for Russian yards in the playoffs because they start to run more. Yes. So all that parlayed together is plus seven 50 Seems like a winner. I like that. All Terry does is catch touchdowns Bet for bet. I'm bet you're parlay. You bet mine. So go to drafting sports with They got everything this weekend's. Great weekend of football. Okay, let's talk some more football. We got our good friend Dan Orlowski on the show. Breaking down the Wild card. Super Wild Card weekend Matchups


PFT. You got a couple ads before we do that. Before we get to Danny's brought to you by Uber Eats. Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings, Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber eats the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See the app for details.


Dan is also brought to you by Campbell's, it's soup season. Get involved with Campbell's Chunky Soup. Today's episode, part of my take is brought to you by Campbell's Chunky Soup. The soup that eats like a meal. When you think chunky, you think players like Will Anderson Jr. You think of players like Montez Sweat, Sam Hubbard, Jason Kelsey, Dexter Lawrence, all soup guys. All Campbell's chunky soup guys keeps them going strong and this winter fuel up with Campbell's chunky soup. But even players like Willie Anderson can't compare to my go-to. It's the spicy Nashville style hot chicken. I love Nashville Hot Chicken. You guys like Nashville Hot Chicken. Love it. It is the best. And now it's in soup form. It's packed with great ingredients. Keeps you going strong, chunky takes satisfaction to the max of the soup season. Grab a cam of Campbell's chunky today and now here is Dan Orlowski.


Okay, we now welcome on our good friend Dan Orlowski. You can see him on ESPN. He's calling games now, doing a great job calling games. He was calling that Ravens Browns game the other night. It is playoff time though. We wanna talk to Dan about some playoffs. We wanna break down these games. Dan, I'm excited. Which, which matchup ha has you the most excited out of the six this weekend? 'cause I figured I'll, I'll follow your lead and we'll start there. Yeah, I I really do think it's Buffalo Denver because one, I think it's the game that most makes me feel like a real upset could actually happen. You know, I don't think that the Vikings beating the Rams would be like a quote unquote upset.


And I think that, you know, for Buffalo and Denver, obviously Josh has had an outstanding season and so it's elevated the expectations and he falls into that category. Like, Hey, you gotta win a Super Bowl, man. You, you can only get so many opportunities this quickly in your career to we start to have the worry of like, are you ever going to get there and or win one? I also think that it's a really favorable matchup or interesting matchup for the, the underdog for Denver. I think Denver's got a guy that could be the defensive player of the year in Ctan and he's as close to a thing to Derell Revis that I I I've seen when it comes to, hey, you go by yourself and shut down the field and you know, without getting too deep into the weeds of like the X's and O's like schematically, that's a huge part of this game.


'cause Buffalo gets into some unique formations where they try to kind of overload one side of the field and Ctan takes that away. And so, and then Sean Peyton, I remember Sean Peyton went up there last year with Russell Wilson and beat him and, and he's so well coached, such a good coach and he understands how to attack these defenses and get them into certain situations that are favorable to them. And so it would be a massive upset, but I, I honestly don't think I, I would be surprised, yes, but I wouldn't walk away going, oh my gosh, I did not accept, foresee this at all. So, Wow. If that does happen, we're big roadmap guys. Give us the roadmap of, of how it happens. How can the Broncos Outscore the bills? Yeah, I think one, number one, it starts defensively for Denver.


I I just talked about Ctan. So like what Buffalo does and every team in the playoffs does this is they get into these four by one formations. So they take one person and put 'em on one side of the formation and they take four guys and put 'em on the other side. And it's very simple like the quarterback. He says, if I like the one-on-one matchup, great, I'm gonna throw that. If not, I'm gonna throw something to the field that's easy. It's like a, a little flat router an RPO. And we have numbers, advantages, 'cause defenses are usually trying to be like symmetrical. You don't wanna vacate one side of the field. Well Ctan can go there by himself. So you, you Buffalo don't have the numbers advantage to that four person side. And so that might stunt their offense a little bit. And then I think the second thing is Denver led the NFL and Sachs and you know, they got dudes who are unbelievably big and talented.


You know, Jonathan Cooper's fantastic, Zach Allen on the inside and Benito's the the one for me because when you're playing against Buffalo and you're playing man coverage, which Denver loves to do, Josh is gonna be a runner. Benito's big enough, he's fast enough, he's athletic enough, he's physical enough to kind of, that's what he's done with Patrick. He's a little bit of a spy. So I think defensively they match up well against Buffalo. And then, you know, if you were gonna ask me how to attack Buffalo, you're trying to get Buffalo into where Taryn Johnson, who's an unbelievable nickel, has to defend the run they play, he plays every play. So like you can get 320 pound offensive lineman blocking him if you formation the right way.


And Sean Peyton absolutely will. And I just think that's beneficial for Denver to kind of control the game, run the ball. They are heavy RPOs and they've been hurt a little bit by quarterback run Bo Nicks really athletics. So, you know, I I that's the way I see it. They'll get into beefy, beefy dudes on the field that run the football. So the only question I have in this week we could maybe use this to jump to, to the Jaden Daniels Commander's Bucks game is obviously rookie quarterback, first playoff start, especially on the road, not the best record overall. What is that? Is that just simply like this is just a different, this is just a different level of football that they are not, you can't prepare yourself.


There's just no way you could have a great fantastic rookie year like bonus and Jay Daniels did and then you get into that playoff environment and it's just a totally different ball game that Yes. And also the playoffs become so game plan specific. You know, the, the regular season is so week to week to week to week and you only get, you know, you have all this evidence now and it, you become so game plan specific because you know it's, it's win or go home. And so you're a little bit less kind of like, this is what we do and you're a little bit more of we're gonna take away what you want to do. And, and that's the focus point and it has all your attention and you know, guys are just more hyper-focused in the Playoffs because you, you know that it's, it again, it's win or go home.


And so I think that's a big part of it as well is a lot of teams that go in with rookie quarterbacks, it's not, you know, they, they don't have the plethora of a wide open playbook. More often than not there's things that they do well and they live in them 'cause that allows the quarterbacks to not play poorly and, and kind of to play to a quote unquote strength and defense has just become so much more focused on, alright, they really love to do these three things in this formation or these two things in this formation. So we're gonna take that away and then force them to kind of play to that C game or D game. That's a huge part of it. Yeah. So one dude that I feel like America should know more or at least discuss more on the Broncos is Quinn Miners because that, that guy is a beast and he is, he just looks like a dude.


You're talking about like getting your beefy boys going. Yep. I feel like, I feel like that he, is he the leader of that offense? I mean obviously Bo Nicks a lot's been put on his shoulders as a rookie, but I feel like they get some of their attitude from that, from that strength on the inside. There's No question him and Bowles, you know, Garrett Bowles has become a, again, a high end left tackle. The Quinn Miners versus Ed Oliver Matchup is gonna be awesome to watch. You know, because those two dudes are outstanding when they play their best, their units usually play their best. That's the thing, you know, we fall in love with the past game and Bo Nicks and Sutton have been really good. They, you know, I don't wanna sit here and pretend that Denver's Philadelphia running the football, but Sean Peyton wants to run the football and then what happens is like you just become obsessed with stopping the running.


They'll get a perimeter screen to go 50 for a touchdown, but minor is, he's a stud. He he's a monster at guard. Yeah. Mines versus Oliver. That's like the most country matchup that you could possibly get. It's like one is the country of Canada basically. Dan you called that Ravens game last week. Yeah. And you mentioned something on the broadcast and I think that people have been watching the Ravens all year have seen it as well, but they have adjusted their defense, their secondary specifically and been playing really good ball down the stretch. What, what has happened and do you think that that is what was needed to like, they're now a very bonafide, like they're gonna win the Super Bowl. They're one of the best top two, top three teams in the playoffs. Yeah, Kyle Hamilton saved their season, so there's the butterfly effect to it.


So they were really bad on defense because the secondary was just blown coverages, missed assignments, poor communication ball going over their head. And so their best player on defense was closer to line of scrimmage. They had Kyle down there, the line of scrimmage a little bit like what the rams have done in the past with like a Jalen Ramsey and whatnot, which makes sense. The Chargers do it with Derwin. But what they did was they say, okay, the worst part of our defense is the secondary, let's take our best player and move him back there. So once they move Kyle back to the secondary, two things happen. One, he communicates at such a high level, he gets everybody in the right positions. And we often say that and don't think it's meaningful. It's enormous because in an era in football offensively we're teams are constantly changing with shifts and motions.


You know, those guys rules change. It's not like the defense goes, Hey cover two ready break and it just stays that way no matter what. And so everybody's kinda rules change once offensive shifts. And so Kyle goes back there and he, he is the quarterback of the defense. He gets everybody in the right places and everybody on the same page. And then what happens is Quan Smith, their linebacker no longer has to bear that responsibility. So then his focus is solely on the front seven and the backers in the rush and getting those guys 'cause their rules change as well. So like getting those guys into the right alignment and right set. So that's, that's the trickle down effect of Kyle going back there. I think the second part of that is twofold.


It allows Marlon Humphrey to go inside. 'cause Marlon is an all pro nickel. He, he struggled on the outside as a nickel on the inside. He's as good as anybody in the league. And then really Nate Wiggins their first round pick from Clemson has really played good football. And they and what down there when you talk to Quan and ask him about Nate Wiggins, the first thing out of his mouth is Nate thinks he's the best corner in football. You know, and you just imagine down there in Baltimore with that kind of off defensive like swag and moxie and mindset. So Kyle going back, there's been huge, van Noy has been phenomenal for them. So I I agree that that defense is plenty capable of going to the Super Bowl. Yeah. And when you get Marlon Humphrey on the inside, you also let him play more run support.


A hundred percent. He's, he's there to impact the run game a little bit. And I feel like that's a big difference too for that team because if you look at what happened, was it after the Bengals game when the, how many? Yeah, they gave like four they five points. Yeah. So after Jamar Chase had like 200 plus yard after that game, they've been one of the best defenses in football. Yep. Across the board. Yep. And it's a, it's as simple as just moving Kyle back and then the, the following adjustments that happened because of that wave. So on the offensive side of the ball, Trey Flowers or say Za Flowers, excuse me, I feel like Zays injury, that that adds the one little like ding into the ravens offense that could make me believe that Pittsburgh might be able to beat him like in a weird world just because he's that much of an impact on offense.


Do you think that he's gonna play this weekend? I hope he does. 'cause I agree it's a huge, it's a huge injury, you know, calling that game once Zay went down and Cleveland's good defensively once Zay went down the past game wasn't nearly what it was with Zay on the field naturally. Right. And so I have no idea if he's gonna play because you know, we haven't gotten a ton of information, at least to my knowledge of kind of what the injury is. I know he is day to day and so if he doesn't play that really hampers their past game just because he does so much for their past game, both down the field and the intermediate routes and kind of winning one-on-one, I do think Bateman's good enough to kind of fill that void a little bit.


I do believe that Thailand Wallace can step in and handle some of the role. Their tight ends are really good. I, it's interesting 'cause like the way to attack Pittsburgh defensively, Cleveland actually exposed this like six or seven weeks ago. It was like you spread 'em out sideline to sideline and you try to minimize Queen and Cam Hayward and, and TJ a little bit because you don't wanna play those guys in a small space. You wanna play them sideline to sideline. So we'll see if he plays, if he doesn't, I do think the game's closer than I would have if he, if he plays. Yeah. What about the Texans and the, the Chargers that game? I just can't, I can't get to it with the Texans in, in the way they've looked offensively this year. Even when they had all their guys, it was never like clean and, and I can't think of one game where I was like, man, the Texans looked awesome.


Yep. Their defense is great, but are they gonna get enough offense against a good Chargers defense? And, and like what is the fix when you're watching the tape? You're like, they're, if they could do this or this, they might have a little more success. Yeah. The one the fixes are gonna be in 2025. There is no fix right now. And then two, I honestly believe the Chargers would be a team that I would sit here and go like, that's a dangerous team in the long run outta the a ffc. I do think the AFCs that three team race in my gut. Yep. But I think, so here's the thing for the Chargers before I touch on Houston, like they just, there's no, they don't have negative plays on offense and they, they, they're always like moving the ball forward. They're so efficient and like there's never oh, second and 12 or third and eight and so like, they control the game in that regard.


Obviously the defense is phenomenal and, and their disguise is crazy. I'll go back to Houston and I remember the first game of the year against Indy and watching it and going on TV the next day and being like, Houston better figure out their past protection. 'cause CJ was running for his life and it never got fixed This year. The interior of their offensive line has been the weakest. We, we get part of their football team all season long. Obviously Nico missing time, but then, you know, Steph and Tank Dale not being there. I just don't see how this offensive line can hold up against the Chargers defensive line that's going to send crazy type of stunts and, and pick games and pressures against them. So I fully expect the Chargers to win that game.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean they send an impact free agent, Ezekiel Elliot, who knows what that guy's gonna be able To do. Give him The ball, accomplish so much. Shout out Jerry. Yeah, yeah. Shout out Jerry the ball this year. Yeah. Alright. So yeah, that, that makes sense. If you go to, if you go to Sunday now, obviously Jalen hurts whether or not he plays, he looks like he's probably gonna play. I think Max reported he, he was gonna play and everything would be fine. The Eagles look right now, like they are one of the most, I I'd say maybe second best roster in the NFL depending on how you look at the Chiefs. But they have a, a shit load of talent. Yeah. And going into this game, it feels like things have been clicking very well for the Eagles this season. The Packers, on the other hand, the injury concerns like Christian Watson obviously, and then we don't know how healthy love is.


Should, should the Eagles be worried. I don't think Philadelphia has to get worried if Jalen hurt's PR practices today. If Jalen hurt's practices today. I do think that Philly is, I agree, I think Philly's the most talented roster top to bottom in the N-F-L-I-I would say along with Baltimore Phil, as long as he's there today and he's able to kind of sharpen over the next three days. I think Jaylen's proven enough that he's, he's one of those guys that can figure out a way to get plenty capable to go play good enough football. I do think the, the interesting, no Jir Alexander's a big deal. I thought Jair was one of those corners that could try to play AJ one-on-one. They don't have that guy anymore, so they're gonna have to play a little bit more zone defense.


Playing against playing zone defense against Philly's offense is a problem just 'cause obviously the run game. I think a huge key in the game is Ed Adrian Cooper, he's a freaking problem at linebacker. He's athletic and like slippery enough. So the the, the best way to kinda hope if you're Green Bay defensively is that he has like an all world game, has a bunch of tackles for loss. But I think Philly's just so good and without Watson trying to stretch them vertically, I don't think there's a ton of fear in Philadelphia's defense going against Green Bay's offense. That feels a little bit sidelined to sideline now without Watson Dudes. So speaking of quarterbacks Jordan Love, I think he's good. I obviously hate the Packers.


He does throw off his back foot a lot all the time. What, what, what is, so what's said in practice, is that something you're trying to coach out of him? Is that something you're saying like, God dude you gotta stop doing this because there's sometimes they're incredible plays. Yep. But sometimes it looks like he's just doing it when he could easily plant and go forward. Yeah, I mean I one that's way more of an off season thing than it is in season. You very rarely can you fix that. I think you can get it a little bit better. I'll never forget being around a coach that one time, you know, kind of made the comment of you never want take a a guy stinger away. And I thought that was like an all encompassing thing of like, you never wanna take a quarterback like a quarterback that's really aggressive or he wants to push the ball or he thinks he can make all these throws.


You know, Stafford was the guy that they were referencing, you know, And we had coaches that were constantly trying, 'cause Matthew used to do it too. And they were constantly trying to get Matthew to be this mechanically like flawless guy, drew Brees type of player. And you know, it would frustrate Matthew to a point where Matthew would almost like sh I don't wanna say shell up, but it would make him be a lesser player in my opinion. And I think you gotta walk that fine line with Jordan. Like, yes, you want him to become mechanically as sound as possible, but I think that's a little bit more of one off season and two, as he gets older in his career, I I right now I still believe that he's such a physically talented guy that you really want him to, I'm not saying be sloppy, but you really want his kind of natural athletic instincts to be the focal point of his past game.


Yeah. Yeah. I, that, that does make sense. And I, when you're talking about Matthew Stafford, I thinking about Jared Goff and what he's done in Detroit after Stafford went to la that is the, the best example of a win-win trade of all time, I think. Yeah, I don't think, think it could have worked out any better for either franchise and I still think that the Lions are, are probably the team to beat in the NFC. What do you think do, would you put it like if you were to pick your winner outta the NFC right now, are you going with the Eagles or the Lions? I think I'm going with Detroit. You know, my wife is gonna be pissed off about that. I think them getting home, home field matters a ton. Angela, come. I'm gonna text, I'm gonna text her right now, Dan. Yeah, they do. Well hopefully you don't, we should tell her number story.


You have her number real, real quick. We are supposed to have Dan on yesterday and I wake up at like seven in the morning and I have a text from a number I don't see and it says, Hey it's, it's Orlovsky, my phone broke, I'm texting you from my wife's number. And I was like, oh, okay. And then we just texted on like, I texted your wife's number for like two times Yeah. Back and forth communicating. So I'll delete the number. Don't worry. Yeah, thank around the Face FaceTiming her. She is An Eagles fan, isn't she? Yeah. What I'm Gonna tell her I'm gonna te she's an Eagles fan, right? She is a maniac dude. Maniac. Yeah. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna have to text her. Yeah. I asked her, I asked her the other day, I'm like, Hey Sunday Eagles play four 30 in Philly, you wanna go? And she was like, I'd rather wait and just go to Detroit when they go there.


I'm like, okay, you're already, oh okay. You're already booking at, so, Okay, so why Detroit? I think that she thinks, oh, why do I like Detroit? I I getting healthy, you know, Anoni getting healthy matters a ton. I was so impressed with the way that they played on the defense side of the football. I think Detroit all comes down to can they get like two takeaways a game if they get two takeaways a game. And you could say that about everybody, but that's, that's not really reality. 'cause I think they're gonna have to score 30 plus to beat anybody and because the defense is still beat up and so I'm banking on Detroit. I think it's, they're as well coached as anybody. I think they understand like, hey, we gotta win two games and you know, I do believe that they match up well versus Philadelphia.


As long as one of those corners is gonna have to play out of his head kind of like he did the other night against Minnesota like Robertson or if Carlton Davis comes back or Terry and Arnold, like one of those cats versus AJ is gonna have to play out of his head. Yeah. Yeah. So with Tampa Bay, Washington, I'm obviously Commanders fan, so I'm gonna be biased in how I perceive your answer and I'll put you on the enemy's list if, if you, I don't think that you answered fairly in week one we saw the Commanders and the Bucks and that was a, a very different team I think probably for both teams. Yeah. But especially for the Commanders. And Todd Bowles did his thing where he just blitzes the hell outta you. Yep. And he put Jayden under a lot of pressure.


Jayden's grown a lot as a quarterback since then. Are we gonna see more of that Todd Bulls signature send pressure, pressure, pressure, pressure force him to make quick decisions and you know, and see what happens there. Are we gonna see the Todd Bowles where he takes his foot off that gas and ends up playing deep coverage to take away the deep ball from Jayden? I think that you'll get a little bit more of that softer, deep coverage protection. I, well one in that first game, you know, Washington did not run as much no huddle as they have throughout the season. And that kind of mitigates trying to get to all those pressures. I think two, you gotta be worried about blitzing Daniels right now because if you leave McCluen one-on-one versus the corners, you in my opinion, advantage Washington.


I don't think Tampa Bay can run with McClure on the outside and two, you know, kind of what happened in week one, if you don't get home, he's gone, you know, he's gonna get 80 to a hundred on you. And so I, I don't love the matchup for Tampa Bay, honestly. I think they play way too soft on the outside. I think Jayden's gonna have opportunity to create a ton of easy completions. I would be very aggressive down the field with McClure if I were them. I don't think either of these corners can cover 'em on a consistent basis. So I don't think that Todd comes after 'em that much early on and they try to just see if they could play really, really good red zone defense. Okay. Yeah, I I like that. And I agree with you because I've been watching the tape, Dan, so I'm thinking, and when what you saw in week one was Jayden, when he did get pressured, since it was all, you know, the game speed was new to him.


Yeah. His first NFL game, he would, he would either try to take off or there were times when he would try to just like drop back in the pocket a little bit. Yeah. That 'cause didn't have that con he didn't have the confidence necessarily to just go forward, step up in the pocket and take off. So he would try to escape the pressure by like backpedaling boom, he gets hit. He got a couple sacks that way. Yeah. I feel like this is a very different team. And then on, on the defensive side of the ball for the commanders, I love if he plays, I love the Marshawn Latimore matchup against Mike Evans historically. That's been a very good matchup for Latimore. Yeah. Yeah. Latimore has had the opportunity to have some success against it. I don't, I know keep, people keep saying that, but I don't know, the one time we saw Latimore was, versus AJ and AJ had his way versus him both in success and penalty.


So I know he was fresh off the injury. We'll see how healthy he is for like, I I, I don't feel the same way about that Marshawn Latimore kind of performance that as it did three or four, five years ago in New Orleans. So I think this game's high scoring. I really do. I think this game could sniff both teams getting close to 30. I think Washington's gonna struggle to stop Bucky Irving and Rashad White, you know, and Yep. You know, I I I think that this is the team, this is the game where both defenses are reeling a little bit versus offensive that are hot, man. Yeah. Yeah. I I actually think in a weird way that this matchup, it's a good matchup for both teams. It's gonna be a fun game. Yeah. How do you want I do, I do.


I I think the bucks are gonna be able to run the ball. I agree. Yes. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I and, and that's gonna open up a lot. Like, I think Bucky Irving's gonna have a big day. He's so Good. And I he's so good. He's so good. And that's, I mean, that's been the difference, you know, coming down the stretch, he became just a real dude. Yeah. It reminds me of like Brian Westbrook years ago for the Eagles, you know, it's like he's big enough where he can make any kind of run, but then when he gets the ball in space, it's like he's shifty but low to the ground and strong and tougher. He's a really big time player. We'll get back to Dan Loki in a second.


The Playoffs are here and every game counts. Awls know that when it counts, you can count on Chevy Silverado. It's a dependable partner with strength, capability, and true grit. Whether you're looking for a spacious interior to comfortably get in the game, the functionality of the Multiflex tailgate to get the most outta tailgating or the technology to make driving, towing and parking all easier. Chevy Silverado has got your back. Did you know that Chevy's America's most awarded brand for new vehicle quality over the last three years? According to JD Power, now is the perfect time to get into a Silverado or a Silverado HD or favorite truck in the official truck of, Pardon My Take. Go to chevy.com, check out all the great offers and even build your own Silverado today and visit jd power.com/awards For more award details.


And now here is Dan Orlowski. Alright, so Monday Night Football, we'll be on ESPN. So we'll see our, our friends, Joe and Troy, Sam Darn. I saw the clip. You said you think, you thought he missed five touchdown passes on Sunday night. Yeah. Is this a, Hey, the Lions had an incredible game plan. They, they did something that they, the Vikings weren't expecting. That's an anomaly. That's one game. Or is this, Hey, this is a big problem and, and Sam darn, as great as he is been this year. Like you have a little bit of doubt going into the playoffs. Yeah, I think it's a little bit more of a tip of the hat to Detroit. I really thought Detroit's game plan was awesome. That doesn't mean that Sam didn't miss those throws, but I do think, you know, just from a quarterback's perspective, when you get some of those defenses that you don't, one, expect or two necessarily have clarity of what you're looking at, you can start to kind of chase stuff.


And whether it's getting your eyes off the ru, you know, the guy too soon, or, you know, you're anticipating one thing and then it's another thing. So what you might be anticipating and doing something with your eyes to try to move a guy isn't exactly that. And so you're quote unquote doing the wrong thing. So I think it's a little bit more of a tip of the hat to Detroit. I'm not overly concerned about it. The thing that I'm honestly like more concerned about in the game when it comes to this matchup Minnesota offense and the Rams defensive line is awesome. And I what part of the reason that I think Sam played that way, and I, I thought the Lion's defensive line kicked the crap outta the Vikings offensive line. And so, you know, with a young violent, physical, nasty defensive line with the Rams, with Verse and Fisk and Turner, like, that's a little bit more has my attention, rather than do I think Sam Donald's gonna play poorly again?


So I fully expect Sam to bounce back. It's a different defensive structure, way more zone than man, than obviously Detroit run. So I think he plays a lot better, but I'll have my eyes more on their offensive line. I I, I got a question about this game as well. Can you explain just how good Puka Nku is and how, like, how does he get open all the time? And I know that you, you, you can't like just leave, you know, Cooper Cup is, is a worry, but Puka is, it just feels like every time they need a big pass, he's there and he's open. What the hell do you do if you're a defense? Yeah, He, I mean he reminds me so much of TJ Ushman, Zada. You remember TJ back in the day?


Yeah. With Chad. Like we, we would be playing against them and you would obviously have your attention to Chad, rightfully so, but TJ would just get open all the time and you would like be like, what the fudge route was that, you know, like, that's not even a route dude. You know? And he just has this great ability to understand, like, I do think he's crazy strong. He has this really good understanding of like how to use his body and his strength to lean into guys, to get him to kind of be where he wants you to be. And then he has a really good feel for space. I think he's crazy smart. Like if you ever watch him, I remember last year when he was starting to break out, I thought one of the things he did as good as anybody in the league would, as he gets to the top of his routes, he's always starting to peak to where the defense is.


And like gauging, okay, where is the corner? Where's the safety? Where's the backer? So he kind of knows how to get out of the cut. And is he going full speed? Is he going slow? Is he going deep? Is he going high? And so he's got a great kinda feel for that stuff. I also think, you know, I I, I've talked about this a little bit this year, like the Rams do and Sean do with him better than anybody, double motions, you know, where they motion twice before the ball gets snapped, they'll set the formation and they'll motion him over and he'll get set and then they'll motion him again. And so, you know, they did a really good job of kind of creating some leverage for him or getting him into some soft spots and he takes advantage of it. And Stafford and him have gotten just countless reps together.


So he's a problem. He's a problem to stop. Yeah. It's just crazy to watch. It is. He's so fun to watch. Especially without the ball too. Yeah. I love, I just love they should do it all 22, except it's all one and it's just, just Follow him. I like that. The Where's Waldo of Puka. Yeah. Yeah. So what about the Rams offense though? Because since that Bills game, the Rams offense hasn't looked great. Yeah. Are you concerned at all with your boy? I am. He hasn't played well in the last three or four weeks. You know, he had, he had that unbelievable game specifically on third down where he was just off the charts. And so, you know, since then I think that they fought a little bit of an offensive identity as well. You know, sometimes I'm like, you know, I love their keeper game where they bootleg him and I love their play action game.


And then sometimes it's like, whoa, how come you're not running it? And then I live in the world of, I love when they stack Puka and Cooper on the same side, but then like, well, you're getting a little bit too predictable with that. And so I think that they fought a little bit of exactly who they wanna be. I also know that there's such a good run game, you know, that you, you, it's a challenge and it's a battle of like, hey, I, it's almost like Baltimore as well. Like we're really good running the football And we wanna run the football, but we don't wanna become so obvious and predictable where teams just tee they get paid as well defensively. So like they just tee off on us. And so I think they've battled that a little bit. I don't believe that Matthew's thrown the ball incredibly well over the last three weeks.


So I, I think like, if you are gonna ask me the one thing that has to happen in that game for the Rams to win, I really believe Matthew's gonna have to throw the ball better than he has the last three weeks. I feel differently than when they went on their Super Bowl run. You know, when they're on that Super Bowl run. I remember the last three, four weeks of season, I was like, they're gonna win it. You know, like, he's just playing too well or too good. I kind of feel the opposite where I'm like, he's, he's gotta be the person that plays better for them to win. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Big Cat and I were big fans, at least at times on the Simpsons broadcast. I love The Simpsons. Huge fan. Grew up watching it. The only thing that we had, I think we were saying that the, the play was too far behind.


Yeah. Game. The game on the broadcast game. Yeah. The live game was, and I know that they do that because it's like a whole animated thing, but that must have been a lot of fun to participate in on, on your part. What was your prep like for the Simpsons game? Yeah, It was cool football prep wise, you know, it wasn't nearly what it is, you know, when you're calling an actual game, just because we knew one the game didn't really have any playoff implications or you know, kind of, you know, the results of it mattering a ton. So we leaned into a little bit more of the, let's live in the moment and the animation of it and the Simpsons part of it. So football wise, a ton, Simpsons wise, a lot. You know, the writers helped us out a lot. You know, they gave us a ton of kind of notes just to refresh our memories.


'cause I'm a nineties kid, so I grew up in many ways watching The Simpsons. I have a son who's autistic, so anything that has to do with animation is like his superpower wheelhouse. Part of it is because he thinks that they're actually real, no matter if it's a still shot, the animation. So, you know, when he found out it, he was the most intuit person on the planet and so he was constantly drawing. He wanted to watch it a ton. So we started having, allowing him to watch it a little bit. And so I would watch it with him just trying to refresh my memory with some of the episodes. And so the writers were great, you know, catching up on a ton of episodes, you know, kind of trying to make sure that I was up to date with some of the jokes, some of the one-liners, some of the kind of the personalities of it.


So it was cool, it was really cool to be a part of the technology is nuts. Did they have any, any prep with you on what they would do if there was like a fight on the field? Or if like somebody got injured? No, and it's like, no, that's, it's like Ralph Wickham that's laying out there. Yeah. No, they didn't. I think that they were prepared. They had so many elements built in, you know, some of like the cutaways of Mo and you know, obviously the jokes and whatnot. They had so many elements built in that, that my thought would, that they would like go to that. The only thing that they really had us kind of pay attention to in that regard was like when they brought somebody in the game, we more often knew, hey, that person's gonna impact this place somehow.


So, right. Yeah. You know, if Lisa comes in at running back, it's like, well I would give the ball to Lisa here. So like, that was the only thing that they kind of hinted to us. It's embarrassing. It took me like two quarters to pick up on that and I was like, Ralph Outta the slot right now Down. You know, like yeah. We knew he was out there. So. Alright, Dan, I got one last question for you, by the way, also, congrats on one of the best clips ever with Shannon Sharp the other day. Yes. You had that locked and loaded from people who missed. Did you see, Did you see kind of like that came out? Like, or how it came to be on Pat Show and I hit up mbo, I was like, it just, it during the commercial break I get up, I was like, I wonder if, and I texted Heba, who's the stats guy and he is so good at ESPN, has this ever happened?


He just texted back 1992 Sterling Sharp. And when Shannon started talking, I was like, there's no f way that you're going here right now. So, yeah. So for people who missed it, Shannon was like, when was the last time a, a guy won the Triple Crown, didn't make the Playoffs and Dan was just like your brother, 1992. And he was like, like it, it completely got him. It was just a great moment. Yeah. Yeah. It was great moment was I had, there's been, you know, the internet when when it's not on your side it sucks, but when it's on your side it's, it's awesome. And so the internet had and field day with that one in a good way for me. Yeah. That was very funny. It Was, the look on your face afterwards is priceless too. I'm such a prick. I'm such a prick Dude. Yeah, you got 'em. No, But you, you know, you nailed it. Yeah.


And you got, you gotta take a victory lap sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. Because I have plenty of moments when the opposite happens, so. Yeah.


Alright, so my last question, Rollback question RHO bac k.com promo code, take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take I want to do.


So I won't make you pick against the spread. Yep. But can you give us what you think is gonna be your winner for all six games? Yep. Wild Card Weekend and then give us your Super Bowl. Yep. So I think game one is Houston Chargers. I believe I'm taking the Chargers in that, that game. Yep. I think game two is gonna be Baltimore. Whether Za Flowers plays or not, I feel confident saying Baltimore wins that game. I don't think Pittsburgh's offense is good enough. The third game is Tampa Bay and Washington. I'm gonna take Washington. I think Jaden Daniel sniffs 80% completion in that game. Here we go. I just don't think Tampa Bay's defense is good enough on the perimeter. Hold up with them. I can pick Dan. Thank you again.


Number four. Philly. Philly Green Bay. I think the Watson injury's huge for their offense. I think Philadelphia comes out, the only thing that gives me reservation is the one thing that Philly's done a lot of times this year. A little bit less than the second half season if start slow. Jalen not playing, practicing for a long time. If they start slow, it does give me, if I was Green Bay, I would just bombs away early on in that game. See if I can grab a lead and control the game. But I am taking Philly and then a Monday Night Football fudge. Dude. I'm gonna go Yeah. Fudge. This is the toughest one for me. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna go Minnesota on the road. I, I don't think that Sam Darnell plays two bad games in a row.


Great game. But I'll go Minnesota on the road. And then I think the NFC title game is Detroit. Philly. I think the a FC title game is Kansas City Baltimore. And I'm going to pick, I'm gonna pick Kansas City and Detroit in the Super Bowl. Oh. And I'm gonna say Kansas City does it. That's very, that would be one those maps where like, what, what is the country rooting for? And it's just one circle in the middle for Kansas City. Are you Picking Kansas City? 'cause you're just afraid of, of not picking Kansas City? Or do you actually believe that they're good enough? I'm, I'm afraid of not picking Mahomes. No, I don't really. Yeah. Yeah. Like, you know, you, you've done this long enough where you realize people hate you no matter what type of stuff. So like facts. I just, I think that that's a different group when it's win or go home.


I really do. And I do think that there are better team this year than they were last year. And so I just think for some reason, 15 finds a way, man. And they're plenty good enough. It's not like, you know, he's dragging a team to the Super Bowl. They're, they're a really good team And they got healthy in the secondary, which is gonna be huge, healthy And secondary for sure. Watson coming back is huge. Bills Broncos, did we do that one? Bills bill, Bills Broncos. I did not do, I'm taking the bills, although again, that, that game has my attention. Okay. And Then obviously the Ravens over the bills. Yeah. Yeah. I think the Raven's over the bills. I just, dude, there's something about Baltimore after I've been around both teams this year, obviously I think they're both really good. They's something about Baltimore where Todd Monkin, they're played collar, said to me, as long as we stay ahead of the schedule, we're unstoppable.


Like, that's their philosophy. And I just think that they're in a unique place where like they can line up and say, Hey, here comes Stop it. Yep. Yep, yep, yep. They've run it down their throat. That's what happened in the first time they played this season. Yep. Alright, well Dan, thank you as always, man. We love having you on, love talking Ball. We appreciate it. And I'm happy you got your phone back. Thanks Boys. Always good to be with you guys. Enjoy the weekend


Dinner. Loki was brought to you by Amazon Prime, prime exclusive Wild Card game this Saturday. It's TJ Watt, the Steelers taking on Lamar Jackson and the Ravens. Join Al Michaels, Kirk Herb Street, Kaylee Hartung for this a FC North Playoff Showdown that you don't want to miss. The Steelers and the Ravens, this is going to be a great game at night. Good matchup. Can't wait to watch it. These two teams, they're, they're gonna play each other tough. I don't know what's gonna happen, but you know that the Steelers, this is a Tomlin game. He's a little bit disrespected right now. Everyone in the world is picking the Ravens. Are they 10 point favorites? They're nine and a half point Favorites. I'm taking the Steelers. I don't know if they're gonna win, but that's a lot of points for this. Matchup not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. Watch the Steelers and Ravens at 7:30 PM Eastern Prime's exclusive Wild Card game powered by Verizon. And it's only on Prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/see amazon.com/ Amazon Prime for details, it's Amazon Prime. Watch this game. You're gonna watch this game. It's gonna be incredible football, super Wild Card Weekend.


Danner. Loki was also brought to you by Experian. For all the awls who really know us, you know how responsible we are with our money. The secret reason we have so much to gamble with is because Experian helps us save money across other purchases. League rights are getting outta hand And we have to subscribe to way too many streaming services so that we could watch every single key game. And that's where Experian comes in. They're gonna find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions for you so you don't have to worry about paying for services that you forgot about. You can also have Experian negotiate your bills like cable, internet, cell phone, and you keep all the savings all around. Experian does the work so you can save money. It's a one-stop shop for your financial health. Download the app today. Results will vary. Savings are not guaranteed. Some may not see any savings. Not all bills or subscriptions are eligible for negotiation or cancellation and eligible paid membership is required. Download the Experian app and see how much you could save today.


Okay. Fire fest of the week. Henry, you're up. Couple Fire fest. Brandon Walker cued me outta my chair. Mm. I I liked having You Have a Cuch chair. The Vanny Woodhead chair. No, I had the Vanny Woodhead chair in here, but I got outvoted. So back back to the couch. We should actually have Brandon sit in that chair and watch. And then I posted, I posted a, a jumpsuit picture from my condo and people just, you know, it's, it's the internet, but they're just roasting my, my interior design. Oh, no. Said it looked like I lived in a timeshare in Florida. Oh, no. Old woman's home. Why do you have two? Why are the Christmas trees up? I I like the Christmas tree aesthetic.


Yep. I'm keeping them up till after the Super Bowl. Yep. That's, that's when winter ends for me like that. I don't, I don't care. People get mad. I'll take 'em down after Christmas. Yep. Super Bowl is the end of winter, as far as I'm concerned. That's the end of our season. Go on a golf trip the week after Super Bowl. And then when we come back, that's, that's the sign of spring to me. And that's when I'll take down my Christmas tree. I'll probably keep posting my Christmas tree just to piss people off. But it's winter. It's still winter. It's Christmas tree season. Yep. I agree. I I love keeping the Christmas tree up. So people Are saying, you gotta take your Christmas tree Down. People are saying, I gotta take my Christmas tree down. They said, which I, I guess I I was reading like, oh, looks like you have a timeshare home. Looks like a vacation home in Florida. That's the vibe. I'm, that's the vibe I want.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think who doesn't wanna live? Who doesn't wanna live where it's vacation all the time. Yeah. You You have a minimalistic vibe going in your place. Yeah. Get Some Jimmy Buffet stuff Up there. You know what, you know what you don't need. But it, it's one of those things and I I i, I get in my head because it's just people and I shouldn't 'cause it's random people on the internet. I that I shouldn't let it bother me, but it kind of did. But it's like, why? And you realize, you know, you can't, anything you post, people are gonna get mad about anything you say people are gonna get mad about. But I've never, I I love where I live. I like, I like the vibe I have. But now then I get, I, I start second guessing myself. Yeah. So the Christmas tree stays up. Christmas Tree Stays up. You don't need to decorate your house. You have the water right with the water that, that covers all the interior design. Yes. You don't wanna try to take away from the water.


No, the water is is what is it Zen? Yeah. Zen. Yeah. Yeah. Peace, tranquility Zen. If Marie Kondo went up to your apartment, would she say throw away the water? No. Throw away Lake Michigan. No. No. She wouldn't. And the the, the trees bring me joy, so I'm gonna keep 'em Up. Love it. I like it. Hank. Yeah. Yeah. Do you? Yeah. Do you Fuck Absolutely. Fuck 'em. Fuck the haters. PFT your fire Fest. My favorite festival week. I'm also in Jumpsuits. Oh, oh, okay. I am too. So can we mix in some non jumpsuits? If You're in there, if you're comfortable doing that. I Don't know. I've started posting these videos every day now I'm like, I don't, I don't know how to stop. What if people just send us more jumpsuits? Yeah. Well that'd be cool. That would Be cool. I got more jumpsuits. Well, Jamie January.


But yeah, It's called one piece. You looked like the, you looked like the Easter Bunny. The other Jammy. January. I was co I was the coziest boy on earth. You looked so cozy. January. I loved January. I was really cozy. Every the, okay, so the fire fest was wearing that. The cozy jumpsuits, which I got a lot of feedback on. Positive or negative. Many of, much of it. Positive. Some was negative. But I know you looked cute. I did look cute. I looked, I, like I said, I was so cozy. The problem with wearing such a cozy jumpsuit slash pajamas is that everybody comes up to you and touches you. Like I got touched by so many dudes with Bars, sports. Oh yeah. You can't have that. Last week, I think it was Jersey Jerry sat down next to me on the couch. He was just like, squeeze, gave my arm a squeeze.


I was like, oh, hey, what's up Jerry? I didn't see either. Yeah. But yeah, I, I still have some jumpsuits, but my fire fest is that none of them are as cozy as the ones I was wearing this week, which were all one pieces. And also Hank got me sick. Yeah. P ft Feels sick. Yeah. Now I feel sick. It's my bad. Yeah, it's okay. It's okay. I, you know what, Did you know if getting a flu shot by the way? New Year's resolution got a physical, so we're halfway down. Also got a flu shot. Didn't know that. Take getting a flu shot makes you sicker. Well, no, it, it get, you get a little bit of the flu. Yeah. I didn't know that. That was like, I, I was like, I got a flu shot if feel like shit. They're like, yeah, that's the point. Yeah. They checked you with the flu. Yeah. So you were already sick with the flu, then you went to the doctor and you're like, Hey, can I have a flu shot to take little late?


No, I was getting, I was getting my physical and I had to get a prescription refilled. And they're like, do you want a flu shot? And it's like, how do you say no to that? Yeah. They just hand 'em out. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. So I said yes. And then yeah, it got sicker afterwards. Yeah. We've done a pretty good job. Me and Big Cat have done, I should rephrase that. You and I, Big Cat have done a very good job of not getting too sick on show days. Don't say This now. Don't say This, don't say this Now. Because I, I had that one day when Heisman Saturday. Yeah. I was, I could not hold anything down. I was puking like 15 times. It happened on a Saturday. I was able to get back on a Sunday and, and I felt like shit. But we show up to your job. There have been so many times where Thursday night I drive home and I'm like, oh, I feel sick. My body just knows. Yeah. You, you're off the clock for a day and a half.


Yeah. It's okay to get sick now, but Yeah. Hank got me sick this week. Sorry. Yeah, it's okay. Hank I'll fight Through it. Okay. Alright. My fire fest. I got a big one. People who have probably watched Surviving Bar Stool. It has not been a fun week for me. But there's one thing I want to kind of address because I've obviously seen it in the comment section. I owe it to Awls. So I think a lot of people do this, but I'm just gonna say it. Let's just fucking do it because I don't know why, I don't know why I've been living in shame. Like I, I don't know why I'm ashamed of this, but yeah, I, I was, I was born and raised in Newton, Massachusetts. I, so growing up, I have family in Chicago. I would come here once a year.


Michael Jordan was my favorite athlete. I kind of rooted for both. I did Root for the Patriots. I moved away in 2003 for, for high school or for college. Never moved back Long time ago. Long time ago. Wasn't like a diehard Patriots fan, but I rooted for them. I moved to Chicago right after college and I loved the city of Chicago. I loved it. I loved it when I was a kid, when I would come visit and my uncle would take me to games and stuff. I, I loved it. I always loved it. So it was kind of like a, this is the city that, you know, it's the other city. Like my, my uncle was loose. I think he might have lied to me when I was a kid.


Like loosely friends with Phil Jackson got such an uncle move. Yeah. And I was just like that fucking awesome dude because they, they used to practice right by where they live. So I always loved the city of Chicago. Kind of just moved. Yeah. Moved out in 2003. Have not lived in Massachusetts since then. Still, you know, rooted for the Patriots. A little bit rooted. I I never was really hockey. And then I, you know, when I moved to Chicago, I started falling in love with, you know, the city of Chicago and the teams and everything. And so it was a slow, gradual thing where I started writing about it.


Dave hired me and he, I remember asking him right away, I was like, should I just say this? And he was like, nah, just, just do your job. Just blog and go ahead. No, I was gonna say, I, I'll let you finish. There is context, I think, and this is so long ago, like when I started Yeah. Like the 2012, 2013 Barsol was writing city-based. There was a Chicago person that was the Chicago writer before you. He was not from Chicago and either Yeah. The fans basically like ran him outta town. That's right. I forgot about that part. And we have other writers who, there was a writer from Philly who was from Philly. He, all he did was live in Brooklyn and people found out he lived in Brooklyn. They kinda ran him outta town.


So that's Philly. There was like, there was definitely, and and like you said, you asked Dave about it and I think there was definitely like a, you, you know, you, you want people to identify with you and Chicago. Right? Right. And I was ashamed That I'm so stupid. And that's the point of the, the writers, right. Like we had, you know, Kay, Marco, like is from, he, I always thought he was from New York 'cause he wrote for Barsol New York. And then I found out he wasn't from New York. And I was like, wait, what? 'cause yeah, that was like how it was supposed not supposed to come across. You're not lying. But like, there was, there is a lot of context with that that I think people have never understood. Especially with the MO and like the Neil, like all that stuff. Like, there was a lot of that where it's like, that was a big thing back in the day.


But I, I don't know why for so long I've let it bother me and like been ashamed of it. It's such a stupid trivial thing when it comes to like, you know, I listen, I I'm sure there'll be some people who are like, fuck this, I hate them. I'm not listening to PMT anymore. Fuck Big Cat. I get it. I, I would say to you, yes, I, I used to, you know, root like I, I have, I have a complicated, like Chicago teams were always kinda my second teams. I rooted for the Patriots. I I moved away in 2003. So basically all the, all the winning happened after I moved probably was, I'm probably a curse. I was gonna say, would you say that that would be a, a good choice to make if you were just trying to Like No, I wish I didn't make that choice.


Yeah. I wish I had just been like, you know, but I fell in love with the city of Chicago and the teams and, and I, listen, this is why I moved back here. This is why I'm raising my kids here. I just, you know, and, and my, my fandom of the Chicago teams are, is genuine. I've been doing this for 14, 15 years now. You think Someone would've subject Themselves 13 years? 14. 14 to the Bears over the course the last like 15 years. So if people and they didn't care about the Bears. Yeah. I mean, well the o my other fire fest is I I did get my tattoo. Thanks. Tyreek Stevenson finally got my tattoo paid that bet. So thanks a lot for not paying attention. But so I, I, listen, I've been, I I have, I think I've talked about it on the show.


I, I've, I started seeing a, a therapist a few months ago that was not, that's not because of this, that was because of the pressure of having an office where everyone gives you their problems. And I never give anyone my problems. I never tell anyone my problems. But I, I, I, it's something that I shouldn't be ashamed of. It's something I should just embrace. I had a great childhood. I like, I, I don't know why I, I I just, it's part of the context. Hank said, it's part of like, I just don't want people to, to hate me. And that's another fucked up. Like, I actually have talked to my therapist about this being a people pleaser. You can't do that. But I, I I should just stop, like stop being ashamed. That's the story.


I like Rip the bandaid, Rip the bandaid. My teams are the teams for the rest of my life now. And, and I don't know, you know, I actually, my uncle, I was looking at it because I was just like, last night I was just kind of, you know, I was, wasn't feeling great, wouldn't feel awesome. So my uncle passed away in 2018, kind of tragically it was cancer. Very quickly I looked it up. 'cause I was just like going through like kind of memory lane. It was actually 2019. And my last text to him is the Bears of the Bears. Again, an unbelievable defense and a maddening quarterback. Time is a flat circle. I'm starting to think Trubisky will never be the guy, which is so damn frustrating.


So like, it was, it was just funny. I was laughing about that 'cause I was like, shit. Like, but he, you know, he was part of why I always would, you know, have a second team. Like Oh yeah. You know, Jordan and everything. So, which Everyone, when they're growing up, like I, I was, I was, I was born in LA I mean when I was three, but like when I was growing up, I was like, oh, I was born in LA like the Dodgers were my second team. Like, that's just like a thing. And I still rooted For the Patriots when they were, you know, like when I was like 18, 19, 20, a little bit outta outta college. But then I slowly was like, I, I'm, I'm gonna be a bear. Like I want to be in Chicago. This is the city I want to be in for the rest of my life. I love the city to death and I wanna rep this city. So yeah, that's it. And then also the weirdest thing, I I I get, I get this all the time.


Yeah, I was, I was in a couple plays in, in high school. I did play sports growing up. I just sucked after. So when I was 12 years old, 13 years old, I tore every ligament and tendon in my ankle playing basketball, travel basketball, like whatever the au equivalent is. And I just was never, I was never good at anything after that. Like, I just sucked. I mean, I, I think people understand. I did play like little league soccer, basketball, that stuff. When you see me playing sports, when we do competitions, I don't look like a guy who never played a sport Also. Wait, I, I don't think that being in a, in a play no. People, just anything to be ashamed of. No, I I mean listen, I we're being totally honest. I was away to try to get chicks.


Okay. I, I like didn't work that well straight. Wasn't really fucking a lot school straight guy in theater. Yeah. So I was a theater guy. Yeah. I mean, but you know, people will pick it. And, and I, my problem is I let it, I never just said it. So then I let it bother me and I'm done bo letting it bother me. I have a fucking awesome life. I, this show is the best thing in the world. I I love it so, so much. Someone asked me the other day, PFD on Twitter. They're like, how long are you do this show? I was like, dude, I'll do this show for as long as people will listen. Like, I, I, and I truly mean that. And I know that it's, it's sounds corny and shit, but like, I will do this show with these people for till we're 60, 70 if everyone wants to do it because I love it that much.


And letting something like this bother me, just, it, it affects other parts of my life that I shouldn't let it affect. Makes me not as good of a coworker, boss, father, husband, all that shit. So I'm done with it. So that's it. And if people are going to hate me, I can't do anything about it. I don't think Anybody's gonna hate you. No, I know. But I, I, I think, I think that the, the, and obviously it's like, it's, it's something that has been like in the back of your mind for a while, but I think the, the, the fear, your fear of the percentage of people that are, are gonna be like, fuck Big Cat know, hosting the show is like minuscule. I know it's 0.001% and it's like those type of people like listening to the show, who gives a fuck?


Like Listen. Yeah, no, they, that fear Yeah. Consumes me. That's, But that's also not, no one's listening. This is gonna be like, I know slamming Their fist against their, their steering wheel being like, ah, And I appreciate everyone who's had my back. You know, everyone in this room, everyone in the booth you told Fans about also. Yeah. Yeah. I have Talked about it before, but I've never said that. Like, you know, I used to, you, you haven't said it on the show. I used to root for, you know, the, like, I used to have a kind of a complicated, I root for both teams kind of thing. And, and not like, I wasn't a full, you know, bears fan when I was eight, nine years old. And then I, you know, was like, you know what, I'm gonna be a Bears fan. I'm, I'm staying the rest of my life in Chicago. Obviously we went to New York for seven years, but we came back and my kids are gonna be here. They're gonna be raised in Chicago, which I'm happy about.


So Yeah. And I think a lot of people, yeah, I mean there's multiple times have said it, but there's just say, I, I I should have just said it. I should have just said it 10 years ago, You told me in 2016 when we first started the show. Yeah. And after having been around you for eight years and seen you probably more than anybody else, I can fully say that you are a diehard Chicago sports fan. Yeah. Like, that's why it wasn't a big deal. Yeah. It's like, okay. Yeah. A lot of us were born in different hand up. I used to root for Duke basketball when I was a kid. Hank knows that until I read Coach K's book. I did For the Braves. I know this guy's a dork. I did root for the Braves a little bit. Terry Pendleton, shout out Badass. So did I. But that's just because They were on everywhere. They were on everywhere. And I root for the Cubs 'cause I was in, nobody's gonna run with that.


I was, well yeah, he is. I was on the Cubs little league team and then they, I could watch Cubs games too. So I would watch Cubs games and Braves games. The, but yeah, go ahead. Sorry. No, I Was gonna say I, yeah. TBS watching Braves every day in the summertime. WGN watching Chicago. I didn't have a baseball team. Yeah. Closest with the Baltimore Orioles, which I kind of like. But yeah. Listen, people, people change a little bit as we Grow older. Yeah, I know. It's just, I, I'm in my own head. You guys know me well enough that I, my probably one of the faults I have is I do care. Like, not to sound like Michael Scott, I care too much, but I do, I do a little bit where it's like, Hank tells me all the time, he's like, dude, like Hank will text me, be like, dude, you have an awesome life.


You have a a, a beautiful family. You, you, you make an incredible living. Like you do you care. And it's like, I don't know. Fuck. I just still care because I, I want, I want people to like the show that we do. And I've always been like, oh fuck, they're gonna stop liking me. People. I mean, you're not that good of an actor. Like, no. Like You've, you watch, you watch what you do after a bear's loss. It's not Yeah. Who could possibly think that you're faking, you're F Right. I put my emotions and everything into it and it's like, I, yeah. And I get triggered when you guys say, you know, we should get Mike McCarthy as a j. Like, that's real. I wish it wasn't. And yeah, I probably should have just stuck with Boston Teeth. My life would've been a lot better.


But yeah, I I know we just had to say it. And then that Also wouldn't have, that's where it's like the context of the old blog. Yeah. Like that's where it's like that just wouldn't, it's not a thing. Yeah, no, I know. I know. But I, I, I feel good that I'm even saying it right now. So, you know, that's it. I just hope that, you know, people still like me. They will, they will. Good. I got got a tattoo. Tyre Stevenson also just, I was never obviously a in credible athlete. I don't think anyone in this room. Actually Hank peaked when he was, well, max I was an incredible athlete. Max In athlete in was incredible. 13. Yeah. 13-year-old. My worst memes was all American. 14 home runs. C Yeah, That's a good point. Memes All American. My baseball highlight was in, when I was 11 in the city series, I pitched, I was the third pitcher on our team and they started the game with me.


And the o our first pitcher only had three innings that they could pitch. And I pitched one hitch, shut out three innings and my coach pulled me for the, for the number one, one pitcher And we lost. Mm. And I've never lived that one down. I've, I've been so upset ever since I had unlimited imminent inning. They shoulda kept you in. I was the third ace. Not an ace. You would've taken state. Yeah. Third ace. It's also gotta be said that the, the two, like two biggest podcasters. Joe Rogan, Big Cat. Yeah. Yeah. Same time. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Although, yeah, I don't, he doesn't really talk much. I, I don't know if he talks about it much. John Krasinski, how Old? Oh yeah, that's true. How old is Joe? He's much older than me. Okay. 10 years older.


But it is, It is. Yeah. That is funny. I didn't even, I didn't even connect that, but yeah. Alright. That was my fire for us. And yeah, I got a tattoo so I finally paid my bet. It's a grateful dead lightning bolt. I think I'm already ready for another one. PFT. Yeah. We're kind of lowkey addicted to getting tats Commanders and bears. I hope part of hoping that we do this show forever is that we get, you know, 25 years down the line And we both have full sleeves and it's just like, all right. That was 2028. Yep. That was 20. You know, that, That's how they used to write down history. Like way back in medieval times is like a giant tapestry. Yeah. Our bodies are gonna be tapestries of losing important battles. Yeah. Yeah. And so that'll be nice to see. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, well thank you everyone, to all the fans.


I really do love all of you and everyone who's had my back. Should we finish with numbers? 45, 11? You want three? Eight Eight's gonna hit. I'll do three. Do people in Newton not have accents? My parents are not from Boston. That's What I, so that was, that's why I've never had an accent. Okay. My parents Are both from Massachusetts. They, it's always everyone I know that has accents. 'cause their parents have accents. Yeah. My parents, my Parents even being from Massachusetts didn't really have an accent, so I didn't, yeah. So neither of my parents are from, from Boston. But when I did the Dixie tour was down south, I would lay it on thick.


The Boston from, I'm from Massachusetts, from Boston. From Boston. Did they help you with the ladies? No. P What was your number? Not at all. You thought you were coming in there like speaking, but It was something. Yeah, it was like, you know, a little something, Little exotic. Needed Anything. 99 96. Whoa. Whoa. Close. Pug close. Love you guys.