
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music.


What if the golf ball you're playing isn't the number one ball for you? Meet the all new TP five and TP five X from TaylorMade. Whether you prefer the softest five layer tour ball in the TP five or the fastest, that's now a half a club longer. In TP five X, you'll be playing a golf ball that performs like it was built just for you. Available in white, yellow and picks. You can personalize it with my symbol no matter which you choose. Every TP five, TP five X is designed to help your game. Head to tailormade golf.com today to find the number one ball for you.


Say hi to can social tonics. Can Social tonics spikes their seltzer with weed. Each can is bundled with five simple, clean ingredients to deliver the perfect buzz. And a buzz that doesn't backfire can comes in three award-winning flavors. Blood, orange, cardamom, lemon, lavender, and grapefruit. Rosemary can comes in a variety of doses for every drinker, ranging from two milligrams to five milligrams of THC. Head to drink can.com. That's drink CAN n.com. And use code Barstool 20 for 20% off your order of can. And a free roadie six pack sampler can is not for use or purchased by persons under the age of 21. Can products contain less than 0.3%? Delta nine THC that is derived from hemp Do not claim to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and have not been evaluated or approved by the FDA.


On today's part of my take, we're in Lake Tahoe for Chill Week and we have an awesome interview with David. Wells coming. We interviewed him this morning. It was great. We're gonna talk about Chill Week. We've got Hot Seat Cool Throne. We're gonna do the Mount Rushmore of worse places to have to shit or situations to shit Or situations you find yourself in that you have to take a Poop like Gwyneth Paltrow's house If Yeah, diarrhea. Diarrhea is Different. Yes, that is true. And, then we're gonna do Partner take great show. It is Chill Week. We're also gonna explain Chill Week. 'cause I did a bad job of that. Didn't never, we never really told anyone what we were actually doing with Chill Week. I Was actually remarkably chill Of you.


That was chill Of me. Yeah. And it is un chill of, of a listener who complained. Well, It wasn't a complaint, it was Shout out FSU Brando. He was like, Hey, what actually is chill week? And I was like, good point. Never fucking said it. It's A fair point. But also if, if you're chill then you know. Yeah, that's true.


Guess what? We're brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. No. The beautiful thing about being a sports fan, there's only like two days the whole year without a game. Two, with so much happening and so much action that makes just about every day game day at Draftking Sportsbook, it's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to the Draftking Sportsbook app, select your team and place your first bet. It really couldn't be any easier, any simpler. And if you're new to DraftKings, you gotta check this out. New customers bet $5. Get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now and use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get $150 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just $5 only on DraftKings Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and W at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24 C terms at draftkings.com/ds.


Okay, Let's go Higher. It's Pardon. My. Take isn't by Barstool Sports.


Welcome To PardonMyTake of my take, presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just $5 only on DraftKings. Today is Wednesday, July 10th and welcome to Chill Week. I notice what's up with your guys hats. Is that not chill? Might wanna turn it around. If. you wanna be chill Colin Coward would hate this week. I don't know. I don't know. Come on. We can't have three backwards. Come on. Go do it. Yeah. What if I just, that's chill. Yeah. Look at Hank. Cracking open. Of course. Light. All right, so we're in Tahoe. We did a terrible job of explaining Chill Week.


There's probably some AWS who are like, does this mean grit Week's gone? No. Grit week is still coming. First week of August. This is chill week. An idea that we've been tossing around for a few years in that we see this golf tournament that happens in Tahoe every single year. It's seems awesome. American Century Championship. And we're like, we should go out there and chill and interview some people. And finally this year we got our ducks in a row and we're like, Hey, let's go do it. So we're out here. Shout out to people from American Century Championship. They were accommodating. They have been accommodating.


They're letting us do interviews at the clubhouse this week. And we're in Tahoe. And videos. And videos. We're in Tahoe. We're chilling. We play, we went, wake boarding video will come out. We went Frisbee, golfing video will come out Really good at both. Yeah. And we're just, we're just having a chill week. It is very chill. I like it out here. It's a very chill town. Lake Tahoe's great. Amazing. Hank Hank's approval. Yeah, Hank gets in love with it. It's one of the premier destination spots for VA vacations, as told by Hank Lockwood. It's a good place to get a bunch of interviews too. Yeah. 'cause there's a bunch of really big name players out here. And the good thing is, I think, I think people are more ready to talk to you when they get off the golf course. Yeah. They're like ready to go.


Well, I mean, David Wells was incredible today. Yes. He had stories for days. But yeah, it's, I mean, yeah, we're working a lot during show week, but we love our job. Like I had, I had a moment coming back from Frisbee golf today where I was like, today rocked. We just hung out with the boys all day. This Is our, Went on a boat, did an interview, played some Frisbee, golf vibes. Were high. This Is our phase. Me. Yeah, that's right. We're getting ready for camp. We're just Chilling Out. I'm Loving. Yeah. Hank did say that like two hours into today. He was like, yeah, I, I think I like Lake Tahoe. It's like, oh, no shit, dude. Yeah. It, it's really good. It's, it's where everyone goes in vacations. It's a beautiful, beautiful place. It, it's really good. I get Is there, is there like a, a bigger discrepancy in terms of swank level for an airport that you have to fly into, like a city that you have to fly into to get to the destination that you end up at because you have to fly into Reno to get here.


Yeah. And I wouldn't say that Reno, like Reno is a, a fun town, but it's also like If. You're laying low. If you're ducking some charges, Reno's a pretty good spot to go Reno 9 1 1. Yes. But you have to fly in there to get to Lake Tahoe. So you get like a taste of grit when you land and then the destination's really chill. Yeah. Probably the biggest discrepancy in terms of cities without, and We're just chilling. I don't, I mean, like, this is, we have a couple more days here, but if it's anything like today, sign me up. For more. I, I think that actually the boys behind the camera have a much chiller week than we do because they're in Margaritaville. Oh Yeah, that's true. That's the chill Margaritaville. I'm, I'm a little upset. I'm not in Margaritaville this week. They Are, they are also, they just shoot video while we were way forward playing first.


Yeah. They, they, and they also were gonna finish this podcast and they're gonna work all night And. then we have an interview at 8:00 AM But yeah, they're chilling. But Margaritaville, that's, if I could trade Places With 'em, I would, you know what if I learn, if I knew how to edit, I would edit for you guys today. That's how chill I am. Same. It is. Hey, so we should talk about what whatever's going on in the sports world, you know what's not chill. Mike Gundy. Mike Gundy had Mike Gundy. Whoops. Whoops. He double dipped into it today. Yeah. So, so the story is Ollie Gordon, the incredible running back for Oklahoma State got a DUI what is like a month ago or so. Mike Gundy was big. Or sorry, I was about to say. Oh, it was Big 12 still.


I got confused. Big 12 Media Day. Mike Gundy said, I looked it up on my phone talking about Ali Gordon's DUI looked it up on my phone. What would be the legal limit? Two or three beers or four. I'm not justifying what Ali did. I'm telling you what decision I made. Well I thought I've probably done that a thousand times in my life. Yeah. He said he is, he has been over the legal limit of driving over a thousand times in his life. You know how old he is. This made me feel old because when I think of, yeah, Mike Gundy, I still remember the, I'm a man. I'm 40. Mike Gundy's 56 now. Yeah. So I did the math. So that's 35 years. Right. That means that, wow. Wait 35 years Since you're 21.


Okay. Well 38 Years. He's, he's claimed to have over a thousand DUIs. Right. So it probably wasn't following the laws. This Would be like 32 times a year. Yeah. Is what we're looking at. Mike Gundy driving drunk 32 times a year. Wouldn't, I mean, it wouldn't shock me. I was trying to figure out what exactly his point was and it like, he could have just said, Hey, and, and you know, DOIs are not a laughing matter. It's like, Hey, he made a mistake. He knows he fucked up. We're gonna, we're gonna figure out a way to learn from this instead. He was just like, yeah dude, he had four beers. I do that all The time. Yeah. Mike Gundy was like, I think that the police need to be quit being pussies. Like come on.


It was a 0.1. Oh. So yeah, he said he broke it down by weight. Yeah. To see how many beers that he had. And then my favorite part of this was he said if there's any punishment, I'm probably gonna just give him the ball 50 times in the first game. Yeah. Right. That'll show him. I'm gonna give him extra carries. Yeah. I don't, I mean, Mike Gundy, I guess, I guess he's keeping the Big 12. Like I wouldn't have known Big 12 Media Day was happening today. Yeah. If it weren't for Mike Gundy. So credit to you for the big 12 being in relevant today. I don't think for the right reasons. The commissioner also said that he's not gonna rest until the Big 12 is the best conference in the country. Oh, good Luck. So he's just never gonna sleep. Never. He's never gonna sleep. Well They've had some good, they've had some good runs, but they losing Oklahoma and Texas does not help.


Yeah. Best in the country. Yeah. I, I think the new big 12 is gonna be very, very fun. It's gonna be fun for sure. Yeah. Yes. And I'm also very excited because no one ever talks about, you know, all the college realignment is always football centric. Which I get 'cause that's the, the main motivator. But like Arizona and Kansas playing big 12 basketball is gonna rule that Is gonna be good. Know it's two of things that you think about and like the, like BYU and and UCF. I'm getting a nice rivalry going. I need Some, I need some reminders of who's joining the A CC this year. Stanford and Cal. That's Right. Yeah. SMU And I think I got all of them. I think I got all of them. Yeah, that's gonna rock.


It is crazy looking at all like they, when they updated all the rank, or not rankings, but like If, you go on espn.com and you look for your conference. Like I did that for the big 10 and just seeing 18 teams is like holy fucking shit. Yeah. It's gonna be wild. Stanford and Duke. That's gonna be good rivalry. Yeah. Alright, so this is, so let's see the A, CC. How many teams will 17 total teams? So I must have missed some, I gotta find a list of all these. We should, we should just do this as a quick recap. 17 teams. That's insane. Yeah, I think it, yeah. Stanford, Cal, SMU And then big 12 is I, if we went down the list real quick.


I know. U-C-F-B-Y-U, Arizona. Arizona State. I forget who else joined the Big 12. I gotta Charles Utah. Yeah, I think so. There's a lot of teams. So yeah. Mike Gundy. Way to go, dude. Yeah. DUI. No big deal. A thousand times, a Thousand times in his life. Alright, what else? We got the, I have an update for us. Okay. So remember Kevin Durant? There was some speculation Yeah. On what was going on with him. He's un he's unhappy. Don't act like you're not interested in Charlotte to stingray that bitch is alive. Kevin Durant is unhappy and request a trade. But he, he did Well. I think he will. Oh, he Will. I think Kevin DUR is unhappy. We, we've been talking to some league sources.


Yeah. The league sources are saying Kevin Durant have confirmed he is unhappy in his current situation and would like to play somewhere else. Please Credit Pardon My Take Pardon My Take court. The sources we talked to. I also love the picture day one. Mark Few is a coach on team USA. Didn't realize that. Yeah. So he's gonna get a gold medal before he gets to a final four and two. Kevin Durant standing in the back row. The height truthers are back. I I don't even think it's a height truthing anymore. It's just Kevin Durant has always been seven feet. He just doesn't wanna say it. Yeah. Yeah. And then there was a picture of, of the French team too, and Rudy was in the background with, with Weby and he got on his tiptoes so he didn't look that much shorter than Weby Smart move by him.


Yeah. That is very smart move. Oh, Cooper Flagg, I think Cooper Flagg. Oh, oh yeah. And in soccer you have Cooper flag Is he might be a problem. We we were the first to, to say it three years ago. It's gonna piss me off so much watching him dominate at Duke. Yeah. But they're, they're not gonna, they still will like flame out. He was like the tanking this year is gonna be off The charts. Off the charts. Yeah. As it Should be. Yeah. It's gonna rule. And then, and the Pistons are gonna get the fifth pick. Yep. And that's just gonna happen. But yeah, Cooper flag, he was, he was showing out against team USA. That's gotta be like the coolest moment ever to be playing against all those guys. And actually, you know, be like, I belong on this court. You Hitting step backs over some of the best defensive players in the league.


Yeah. I think he's good. Yeah. I'm gonna say it right now. He's good. Yeah. Yeah. Spain. Spain, France played soccer. You see that goal? Gozo 16-year-old Yamal. Yeah. Yamal And. that was talking soccer. That's it. That's all. Oh, messy scored. Yeah. Canada lost. Yeah. Spain beat Canada. Spain beat Canada. Yeah, that's exactly what happened in soccer. Yep. I, I wish we had, I actually would've liked to watch the euros, but we were busy, but Yeah, it looked looked cool. Yeah, it was. It was actually Spain. France, France got a goal, which was nice. So they, they advanced all the way. I think this is the quarterfinals today. This is semi-finals. Semi-finals today. So they advanced all the way to the semis.


They scored one goal and I believe it was in the run of play today. All their other goals were either own goals or pks. Yeah. They Had zero open goal. They had zero open goal goals for the entire tournament until today. We gotta get their coach. Yeah. They just grit and grind. Yeah. Just grit. Just grit out. They're like Iowa football of, of football. Yeah. Just never even try to score. Just get to get to PKS or get tripped in the box. Yep. And. that was talking soccer. Anything else going on in the sports world that we need to be aware of before we get to everything else we got? I think that's pretty much it. Let's just look. I think that's sports for the day. Oh, I have a headline I could read for us.


You guys want me to read a headline real quick? Yep. I have one for my Hot Seat Cool throw but I don't dunno if I wanna burn it. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking too. Get The crew together and head off to the course in the new 2024 Chevy Traverse with impressive cargo room three row seating and the first ever Z 71 Trim Traverse can handle your buddies and their golf bags with ease. Chevrolet together. Let's drive. Oh, sports. Okay, here's, let's read a headline. Man uses funnel to pour margarita down woman's butt. Restaurant outraged. Why are they outraged? I think some people were outraged. The restaurant rodeo Mexican restaurant had to issue a letter.


That's, that's bad news when you have to issue a letter as a restaurant. I didn't even know they like that. When have you ever seen a restaurant be like, here's a letter that we're informing everyone of, Were people complaining to the restaurant because somebody butt funneled a margarita? Yes. That's not on the restaurant. Well, There was video of it. They, I guess it, i, I don't know maybe the vibes but as show week, like we should You could butt funnel anywhere. You could charge double. Yeah. The, the rodeo Mexican restaurant said, dear valued customers, we rec recently became aware of an inappropriate incident that took place in our restaurant. We wanna make it clear that such behavior is completely unaccept unacceptable and does not reflect our values or mission to provide a family friendly, you're a restaurant family friendly dining experience.


We're taking this matter very seriously and are conducting a thorough investigation in collaboration with the authorities. Any employees found to be involved will face appropriate action. We're committed to maintain the highest standards and ensuring a safe and enjoyable environment for all our guests. Thank you for understanding and continued support. Sincerely. Rodeo Mexican restaurant. That's what you're a restaurant. Yeah. And also that's putting an unreasonable ex expectation on your server. Once the drink is served, do you then have to sit at the table to make sure they don't but funnel it? Yeah. I don't know. I did say rodeo. It's rodeo probably. I was just thinking of rodeo drive. Rro rodeo would be classier. Rodeo. They should rebrand as rodeo.


Yeah. If it's rodeo, then you go in there expecting to see some buttholes. As I was reading it, I was like, this is definitely rodeo. What am I, why am I saying it like this? Yeah. There's people were complaining. This woman said, I've enjoyed dining in your restaurant for many years. Celebrated many birthdays there. Enjoyed your margaritas. Uhoh the one that went up the butt. I am far from a prude. That's a classic prude thing you say. Yeah. No one has ever said that that Wasn't a prude. But I have never been more disgusted in my life by the video of those people acting like animals in your restaurant. I strongly disagree with that. That's wish she wants to try some butt Also, let me see. Like could a dog butt funnel. I've watched watched A lot of Nat Geo. Yeah. I've never seen an animal butt funnel Margarita Could a gorilla Butt funnel could a fucking tiger butt funnel.


They don't have the thumbs. No. Or the, I mean they don't have funnels. Yes. I've seen the video and I know the name of the server and said video. I've also watched the quality of food and service decline over the years that that feels, it feels fake sounds That feels, Feels like you're piling on Supply chain. Like she was waiting for an excuse. Yeah. With this incident being the final straw, I'll be taking my business elsewhere. Damn. Damn. The final straw actually went into that lady's butt hole. Yeah, that was it. That was literally it. That's the final straw. Yeah. And then one person or, or Kate, our our coworker, good friend Kate left a review saying this place rules. And I hope they don't let any drama bring them down. And I vow to get there someday to enjoy many Mars with my mouth.


I I also liked that the restaurant was like, we'll be conducting a very thorough investigation just like watching the Yeah. The security camera on replay our, Our standards. Yeah. Are are, we expect higher standards than butt funnels. There. There's gonna be like, you know how on a menu it has that asterisk and it says warning consuming undercooked poultry or raw seafood made meat to salmonella. Yeah. Just on the drink menu. Have an asterisk. Be like not to be inserted rectally. And then you're covered. What else can you do? Just an x over any, any funnels going into butts Or you could just become the butt funnel friendly restaurant. Yeah, That would probably do. Well We turned a blind eye to the brown eye. Our guy Dana Beers has, has admitted to Poofing.


Oh really? Yeah. Yeah. Right up the pooper. Yeah. He poofed he did it. I think that's a bridge too far. Alright. I'm looking right now. Yeah. There's not, there's not many other headlines or anything going on. Tyler Glasnow got hurt. That's not even news. He gets hurt every year. I think Brandon Iuk wants to leave the 49 ERs. Oh. What would give you that idea? The fact that he keeps talking about wanting to leave the 49 ERs. That Probably would be spot on. Yeah. He posted a a, a screenshot of him watching Commander's film, which concerns me a little bit. 'cause it's like, how does, how'd he get that film? Probably from Jane Daniels or just he had a drone that flew over practice, but it seems like he wants to leave. I I would accept Brandon Iuk on the Commanders. Yeah. I think he's a good player. Did you see RG three?


He was, he he, he was like, Hey, this is a safe space. All Commanders fans. Do you wanna bring back the old logo? Really? Well they brought back The yellow pants. Yeah, The yellow pants is a big deal. Got it. Big deal for, for people in DC We don't have have a lot to really celebrate yellow pants in the last 14 years. That's huge. That's A yellow, that's banner worthy. No, I saw the yellow pants and I was like, okay. That's, they, we had two seasons where we were pretty good. Yeah, That's huge. You gotta have the Yellow pants. You can pee in yellow pants. No one will ever know. That's A fact.


Okay, let's do, should we do Hot Seat Cool Throne? Yeah. All right. Let's do Hot Seat Cool Throne. It is brought to you by our friends at Coors Light. We are sponsored by Coors Light all the time, but especially chill week. Chill Week is presented by Coors Light before all the hustle of football season. We're heading out west. We're here right now for our first ever chill week. With the help of Coors Light. We'll be hosting interviews with fellow golf lovers in town, enjoying the summer fun, the Tahoe s offer, and most of all choosing Chill with Coors Light. All week long we were choosing chill earlier today we're gonna be grilling and chilling later with some Coors Light. So when the mountains turn blue, it's as cold as the Rockies Coors Light is cold laggered, cold filtered and cold package for a smoother finish. Tune in for our adventures at Chill Week. And don't forget to choose Chill and reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by going to coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado. The best beer out there. It is Coors Light. It is the chillest beer. It's the coldest beer. There's no better beer than when you're coming off what? 18 holes of Frisbee Golf or getting off a boat. It's the best. You just have a nice cold Coors Light getting off the golf course. Coors Light. That's where it is. So thank you to Coors Light.


All right. Hank Hot. Seat Terron. We also Hot Seat. Anyone that hasn't seen the new shirts wearing mountains are blue. They got the mountains on 'em wearing that shirt on the boat on the lake. So with the mountains in the background. So sick just felt right. Yes. Some of our best shirts we've ever made, make Sure I didn't get my computer in that shot. My other Hot Seat is Joe Biden. Oh, Why? He seemed fine. Trump made a million dollar wager in a 18 hole golf match and he's gonna give him 20 strokes. Whoa. So Trump already won that exchange. Right? That's what I'm saying. Like if Joe Biden doesn't accept Hot Seat No, but like if he does accept, he's gonna get smoked. Like No, but 20 strokes If. you accept a 20 stroke. Like I don't care who it is. If anybody offered me 20 strokes and then I lost, like even if I, even if I beat 'em by the technicality of only losing by 18 strokes, I'm still the loser.


No, you gotta beat 'em straight up. Yeah. With the 20 strokes and be like, throw those 20 strokes in the trash. Yeah. So By, by even offering this to Biden, Trump already won. The way that Biden could win back is if he says I'll do it, but it's gotta be Frisbee golf. That'd Be, that'd be pretty chill. Two, two guys just banging chains together. I think they would die if they had to go Frisbee golf. Definitely. You know what we should do? We should actually demand that they both do it. That they both have to carry their bags. But it's four rounds. It's like a full four round tournament. And then hope that they'd just both die on the course. They, That would be over under one and a half broken hips. Yeah. I'd hammer the over Like no medics. Yeah, just the two of them outta the course. Yep. And then they, they both die and then we're good.


No, don't give 'em the rules. Yeah. Then we then we don't Have fucking let 'em, let 'em bang some chains back to the Drawing board then we're good. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's tough. The 20 strokes. 'cause you can't Yeah. If, you play that and you lose by 10, then Trump's just gonna be like, I won. Yeah. That was the best part of the debate though, where they were just talking about their golf game when they asked, It's the most relatable. They asked either of 'em, Ben, they Asked him a question about like, childcare. What are you gonna do about childcare costs? And then it just evolved into, well, I'm a six handicap, I'm an eight handicap. I beat your ass on the golf Course course beat your ass. All right. All right Jack. Play tomorrow. All right. Good. Hot Seat. Speaking of golf, my Cool Thrones Keegan Bradley. Yes. Ryder Cup snub. The Netflix, we, I, I only watched it recently, but the, the Netflix full swing documentary showing the details of how hard he got snubbed and, and the boys club.


Zach Johnson Spieth and Justin Thompson. Justin Thomas was crazy. I felt super bad for Keegan. And then today he got named Captain. He said he had no idea that that was even a possibility until he got the call being like, Hey, you're gonna be captain Of the backup cup. Yeah. This, which is crazy. It's, it does But awesome for Keegan. Yeah. It does feel like a, a make good, but it's, I mean, he's a great dude and he's gonna be a good captain. I just want him to be as petty as possible and like, maybe even call Zach Johnson and be like, Hey, you've made the Ryder Cup team, we need you on the team. And then him be like, really? That's awesome. Like psych you bro. He said Zach Johnson was the one that told him. Oh, that kind of, yeah. He also, yeah, he needs to like invite Zach Johnson and then take away his invite.


He Should say, Zach, I'd like you to be on the Ryder Cup team as a caddy. Yeah. What'd he say? Actually, you'd probably suck at that too. Yeah. He also said, do you wanna Valet our cars? I think he can say that he was gonna take any golfer. Like, it doesn't matter if you're on the PGA tour, live tour doors open for everyone. Hank. Yeah. Hank could even do It. Hank is eligible for the Ryder Cup. Yeah. Okay. Phil Mickelson. Bryson. Phil Mickelson. Yeah. Brooks Let off with Phil with that list. Huh? That Would be, that Phil on the Rodder cup would be the funniest. Like Yes. He's obviously super, but Greg Norman. But yeah. Get all the, all the guys, all the great Americans back. Yeah. Ian Poulter. Yeah. Okay. Good. Cool. Run. Thanks. PFT. Good Job.


My Hot Seat is us. Yeah. It's chill week, dude. Yeah, we're chill. We're fucking chill. That You know what, that was a, that was a chill cool throne. Yeah. My Hot Seat is us. Gimme a Little Uhoh. We got competition boys. Oh yeah. We did a bad job. We didn't talk about this when we got back from our, our little vacay. But there's a new podcast in town. Yeah. And it sounds fucking amazing. JOC was the one who who alerted us. Oh yeah, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. He says a text like, watch out guys. I, you know what, I'll say the podcast first, but JO C's banned from it. Yeah. JOC. And also shout out Jerry O'Connell because he literally, I think he just polices the internet for us. Yeah. Because he, he texted me in PFT being like, watch out.


Watch out guys. Watch your six we're You're in trouble. So Adam Shefter tweeted this out on July 3rd, California governor Gavin Newsom Super Bowl champion. Marshawn Lynch and Agent Doug Hendrickson are joining forces for a new weekly podcast called Politician that will be available on iHeart podcast. Newsom and Hendrickson have been friends since the nineties. Hendrickson has represented Lynch since 2007. They have been working on this podcast for the past six months. We're fucked. Well, So, alright. So I don't think we're fucked for Oh, the reason you're saying, I think this is like the big short, no big deal. I read the book before the movie came out. Book was better when they go down to Florida and they see like a stripper who has seven houses.


Marshawn Lynch, Gavin Newsom and Doug whatever, Doug. Doug Hendrickson Having A podcast together is the very sign that the podcast bubble is about to Burst. But you forget that Newsom and Hendrickson have been friends since the nineties. Oh Shit. They're gonna have, and Hendrickson has represented Lynch since 2007. You also forget that they've been working on this podcast for the past six months. You know, a podcast is gonna be, I love to see that group text. It's gonna be a fucking banger of a podcast when you spend six months working on it. I challenge them. We're about to do the Mount Rushmore of worse situations to shit. I challenge them to do a better Mount Rushmore of worse situations to shit. Yeah. You Do It the French laundry. That'd Be a bad place.


That'd be a bad place that would place take a shit. That would be a bad place. Yeah. This is okay. We're, I think it's Hot Seat podcasting in general. So when, whenever you hear somebody planning out a podcast, a good rule of thumb would be that it, it's like a sandwich. So. if you've been working on a sandwich for six months, it's probably gonna suck ass. Yeah. Because it's been sitting out for a while. They've just been like going back and here's what we're, but we did all their best stuff already. Yeah. Yeah. Here's what, working on a podcast for six months, sounds like six months ago. You say, Hey, we should start a podcast. Yeah. And then like a week later we should really do that podcast. And then the next week I've been thinking about we should definitely do that podcast. Yeah. And then you finally sit down. I'm sure it'll last pass election season too. This isn't, this isn't just like a short term thing.


Oh no. Politicking is not just for election season. Hank Politicking is life. Yeah. Every day you politicking. I Actually every day on politic, Just a Marsh on Lynch podcast would be infinitely better than this. Yes. The, yeah. I think this podcast we worked on for all of one dinner. Yeah. There was a dinner. We went to one dinner before the first test episode. No, we, yeah, we did a test episode remotely I think one time. No, We did one in your house in Austin. Yeah. That was the first episode. That was the first episode. Yeah. And all we did was a dinner before. No, but I think there was a test episode that was like, I don't think so. Yeah, that was like two weeks before that. I remember I was in a hotel room in Houston. It was like maybe a 15 minute test.


Oh, Okay. So there it is. Yeah. We Did an hour and 15 minutes. but we did Actually, me and Big Cat did text back and forth for like a couple years being like, at some point we should work together. Yeah. So really part of my take started in like 2014. Yes. We were working on it for two years. Yeah. But we're Fucked. Yeah. Jerry O'Connell, you're banned from going on politicking. Yeah. He would never, he would never. My cool throne is D's ankle who you see. Dak Prescott was wearing a walking boot on a boat when he was on vacation. Oh. And they asked Dak about it and he said it's absolutely nothing. So he said he hurt his ankle. He is closed hurt his ankle. Like what? Two years ago? Three years ago.


And he's saying that he's just wearing the walking boot as a precaution on a boat. I don't think, I don't know much about walking boots besides Big Ben, but I don't think that you just wear one because you're going on a boat. Maybe. That Seems like maybe the worst place to wear one actually. Okay. Since we are a big Dak Prescott podcast, we had him ranked in our top 18 of quarterbacks a month ago. Spin Zone. Maybe Dak Prescott is wearing the walking boot because in the past he has gone on vacations and got his ass beat. So if he puts on the walking boot, it's kind of a like, hey, I'm not here to fight guy. Yeah. You're not gonna hit a guy who's handicapped Right. In a walking boot. So yeah, that's a, it's a preco precautionary.


Don't want to get my ass beat like I did on spring break at South Padre Island. That's a, that's not a bad spin zone for it. Yeah. I just feel like if you're wearing it on a, you're not even allowed to wear shoes on a boat. But I guess if it's medical shoes, you can do that. You can wear shoes on a Boat. Yeah. If you you're, who says You're not allowed to wear shoes? I mean the boat owner might Well I'm thinking back. Yeah. I've only like rented or been on friends' boats. Yeah. You can wear shoes on a boat. If it's your boat, you can wear shoes on It. The walking boots. Hey, Your boat walking Boots. Seems like it really get in the way of, I actually think his shoes off. You do take shoes off? Yeah. I mean, I don't think people mostly don't, but you can. Like if it Depends on the boat, it's not legal. I think if it's like If, You own the boat outright. Your boat. I'd fucking sto my shoes everywhere.


A pontoon boat. Shoes. Oh yeah, for sure. Living room on water. Yeah. But if it's like a smaller boat, I don't know. I, I'm not a boat person. We Gotta get to, we gotta get a boat guy. Hank you gotta get out on the boat. Yeah. Okay. My That's Fine. Absolutely nothing. You said My Hot Seat is actually Hank because we went this morning to get breakfast and I did my customary, we went, got bagels, great bagels love. We're go breakfast, I'll go back tomorrow and get it for everyone. I got my customary backup bagel. So I ordered my regular bagel and a backup bagel. Regular bagel was a bacon, egg and cheese. Right. Let's just Put that on the record.


Right. And what? Yeah, great. Great order. And my backup bagel was an everything bagel with cream cheese and Hank scoffed at me. So I then tweeted it and everyone backed me up. I was like universal praise. Because here's a hard and fast rule. You're followers. One and a half bagels is usually the perfect amount. I usually eat all two, but one and a half is the perfect amount. You ca one bagel is never fully satisfying. A backup bagel is the most important. What about bacon, egg and cheese. Great. You need to finish it off with something. Keep it off with a bagel. You invented dessert. A bacon, egg and cheese breakfast dessert. So do you, is the backup bagel always like a sweeter one? It doesn't always have to be.


If it's, if it's like, if I think it's gonna be an awesome bacon egg, like there's a place I get a bacon, egg and cheese from in Chicago that it do it one does not fill me up one and a half usually does. But would you ever get like the cream cheese one as your first one, your primary bagels and then have the bacon, egg and cheese after that you always Have I usually lead off the Breakfast sandwich. Yeah. The bacon, egg and cheese. Yeah. But I'll do like, I'll sometimes do, if I'm not in the mood for bacon, egg and cheese, I'll just do two. I'll do a ba a bagel with cream cheese and a backup bagel with cream cheese. That's smart. Yeah, it's Max had my ba max actually was like, can I get a, can I get a whack of one of these? I was like, buddy. Well the, I got a backup bagel just for this spot. Do you get Backup bagels Max?


Does anyone here get backup bagels? Max does. He said he does. I've never done it. But I think a good rule of thumb is just like when you're on vacation or when you're on a trip somewhere. Mentions though you never know when you're going eat next. Yeah. You're being a hater. Hank The Hot Seat. You put me on the Hot Seat. Is this, is that on I It depends where the ba like New York City Bagels. No, like New York City bagels are massive About New York City bagels with bacon, egg and cheese and, But like if you're in other parts of the country, whether the bagels are a lot smaller then yes, I agree. I get backup bagels everywhere. New York. I do not. New York bagels are, are very big in fit. I actually went one further. I went Trust tree with Max. 'cause I was like, I had just given this guy a half of my backup bagel and I was like, sometimes I'll do backup sandwiches.


And he was like, that's a little crazy. But yeah, we agreed. You do like a if If you want to get two? Yeah, you go, you go like if If, you don't want to get If, you want to try two different things. I'll get like a buffalo chicken sandwich and a Cheesesteak and then, but you get the small Jimmy John's. I always get a backup sandwich. But you gotta get the small ones because you Can put that in the fridge. I just, I don't understand what the issue is of getting too much breakfast. Yeah, It's a ba I don't Have an issue at All. What happens if your fucking starter gets hurt? You got a backup. You just don't plan. It's different positions. The thing this is, no, they're both breakfast egg cheese is different now. It's curating about Hank. Is it Different quarterback types?


No one's. One's, one's maybe more classic like six five rocket arm bacon, egg and cheese. The other might be a little like elusive. Probably can't throw it. Downfield bagel with cream cheese. I I think a better analogy would be like a running back duo. Because you can't start Yeah. You can't have two quarterbacks as you got Thunder Lightning. Yeah. I got a little Darren Dash Darren s rolls to finish off my You got the Michael Turner. Brandon Jacobs. Yeah. Yeah. But that's, I'm, I'm not, you're never gonna catch me complaining about getting breakfast with Big Cat. There's nothing I love more. That's, It was, it's what's so infuriating about breakfast with Hank is if there's too much breakfast he'll complain. Yeah. If there's not enough breakfast, he'll complain. Just whatcha Talking Back. Bagel is, I Mean that's is something everyone should embrace life That is objectively Insane.


You never complain about having not enough breakfast. Only when we just drive for 12 hours straight and don't get breakfast at Any point. There's just no way. When you eat one bagel you're like, I'm full and satisfied. Wait, wait, wait. I couldn't use another half a bagel right Now. Also, Hank, I let fact check real quick. I give you all the pinocchios. We just left a, a fucking hotel room in the morning. We didn't drive for 12 hours straight. We slept in a hotel. We got outta the hotel, we went to the bus, we got breakfast and then Hank was like, why didn't we get enough? No, this is on. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. We had slept overnight in a hotel. Then we get up in the morning, we go to the bus and then you complain about not enough breakfast. Yeah. We actually had a very funny moment when we checked in last night at like midnight.


I, I love, we should do an interview series with guys who work overnight shifts at, at hotels. 'cause they're always a little different in like a good way. But this guy was a little different in a good way. And we were like debating. We're like, Hey, do you guys have breakfast here? They're like, no. And at first we're like, everyone's responsible for their own breakfast. And we're like, we agree And. then we told the guy behind the, the, the desk we're like, Hey, you're a witness. You hear this? He's saying that he's responsible for selling breakfast. The guy was like, I don't know what the fuck's going on. And then we're like, do you have breakfast here? He is like, no. He was like, alright, change that. You're not a witness for that anymore. We're gonna get breakfast together. Yeah. That guy, that guy had a look when we, he, we came in and we started talking and he was like, I usually don't deal with people who are talking.


I will get breakfast for us tomorrow. Okay. 'cause we have an 8:00 AM interview and you're gonna be a baby about it. That's a fact. He's gonna be a baby about it. And I'll get you a backup bagel too. Thank you. Yeah, no problem. Alright. My cool throne is the Twitter account. The hater central NBA hater. I dunno. If you. This one made me laugh. So, if you guys aren't familiar with NBA hater, it, he's very clear on what he is. He's an NBA hater. Some of his tweets, this is just from like the last two days. He said, Rob Poka this off season zero new signings, 143 MEWING sessions. I think that's when you get jerked off on a table With a cat.


Yeah. I don't, I I think Mewing Is when you like put your tongue on the top of your roof of your mouth. What's ING leaking? That's, That's mewing. I think ing is What's, when you get milked in a table. I need to mu more. Oh, okay. I think ING's complaining. 7 74 rejections held hostage by Rich Paul and LeBron. Zero working phones reportedly interested in signing point guard, shooting guard Savannah James. So these are the type of Yeah, he, when and Dalton Connect. Dalton Connect and Bronny James debut 10 points. Four for 19 field goals, one for six, three pointers. The ASK Connection is what he's calling them. Like he's, he and Franz Wagner Wagner who we love signed a 234 20 $4 million contract extension.


Wow. Yeah. Which is nuts. And he said never forget his Illuminati masterclass. So this is the, this is the type of tweets you're getting from him. He, so you see this, this guy, he goes after everyone and he does this all the time. And you're like, this guy, I don't know what his deal is. He had a tweet yesterday, he said, started this account in the 10th grade. Oh not thinking much of it. Now I'm going to college in a month with 105 K followers. The support has been unreal. Thanks to every single person who's ever interacted with any of the tweets. I hope I can give you a laugh whenever you need one. So the NBA a hater Central was was like 15 years old when he started this account. What Were the replies to that?


Like from the long term followers? They're like, people Are like, yeah bro, great. We love it. Great job bro. Keep Killing it. Love supporting you. It's so's been, it's been amazing to join you on this ride. The he called the Warriors have added depth This off season buddy Healed and Kyle Anderson. 32 huge teeth one receding hairline building the No Aura Avengers. I gotta see what this guy looks like. s it probably idiots. I gotta see a face revealed from this Kyle. He's probably idiots. Oh man. But shout him. I mean that's the dedication started starting the hater Central early. Yeah. I, I started following that other account that we talked about. Hater report. Yeah. Now I gotta start following Hater Central. He's Got a soccer one too. Does He really? Yeah. He's he's got like a whole network. Yeah, he's, yeah. He's building out an empire.


It's Be nation of haters. Exactly. Hater net. Yeah. It's kind Of respectable. And he's only 18 years old. He's starting college. Hopefully we'll see once he gets to college, you know, he might be partying meeting girls the hate might. Yeah. It might get soft. It might get soft. He, yeah, he said and MBA washed at 26. Love that. Yeah, love that. I also wanna know if this guy's taking like intern applications to open up other branches of hating. Yeah. Getting the heat going. Okay. That was good. Hot. Seat. Cool. Terone. Let's do Mount Rushmore then we'll get to David. Wells. You ready boys? Let's do it. Mount Rushmore of worse situations to have to shit. Yep. Who is up first?


So that would be Henry. Henry. Henry than Max. Then me, Ft Then me, then Big. Cat. Yes. So it's Mount Rushmore of situations that are worse when you have to shit. Right. Mount Rushmore of situations that are bad to shit in. Yeah. One, one. Okay. One, one during foreplay. Oh. Oh foreplay. Whoa. A big foreplay Guy. It's getting started. Things are, things are what Wouldn't have. Yeah. Which During sex wouldn't be worse. No. For No, because that you're not even gonna get to sex. Like you start making out with a girl, things are you, but If you're like thrust and you're like, I got shit that seems like really bad. But it If you don't, maybe you're mid, maybe you, you know, you entered the, the goal zone.


But like this, this, you don't even get there. You're gonna have to go, you know, take a shit and that's just gonna ruin the vibe. Okay. Is foreplay is like making out Everything. Yeah. Leading up to sex. Okay. Getting a oh, getting a butt funnel in a Mexican restaurant. Yep. Okay. That would actually be a very bad place to have to shit. Yeah, Absolutely. Alright. I didn't have on my list. Foreplay. Foreplay. What kind foreplay are you into? Nah, just regular, regular stuff. I mean, you Talking about the pod when, when the Trend or Frankie Guy? I know I have a story, but I don't know if I wanna say it. Maybe we'll cut it. But this happened not, not foreplay. Oh. But I was like first or second date with a girl.


We were walking back to her place and my stomach dropped. Oh. And I was praying that she had like a lobby with a bathroom in it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Did not had to walk up like four flights of stairs and shit and shit. And Then you gotta do the fast one. I I couldn't. You just flushed instantly was like, like, it was like, it was a disaster. Barbara was small. She could probably hear it. You find I had to be in there for like 10 minutes. Put the sink on. Dude. No, it was, was Exactly like you're really washing your hands. Yeah. Then you got, and then you'll just spray anything you can find. Put his Lysol fucking bleach. Like I'll spray any, I'll spray cologne, hairspray, anything. Just get the air going. Hank Doesn't have a match, so he just takes it a joint and lights it in there.


Disaster. But yeah. Did did You, did you still close? I just talk about that. Oh, Damn. Done in anybody. His shit. So this seemed very personal. Okay. Max, you're up. I'm gonna say on a crush or on a plane. Yeah. Plane. Yeah, it's good one. Great pick. Great pick. Yep. On a plane. Sucks. Yeah, but there's A Bathroom. I don't even think I would physically be able to Do that. Oh, I, I don't think I would fit in a bathroom. It made Me just start doing the single bagels and And. that would change. I didn't even, that wasn't Even was so un wasn't was so un of you bro. Was so uns. You know what? Not getting you breakfast tomorrow officially. Okay. Fine. All right. That was crazy. Everyone else bagels.


Max, you said that you don't think that you could fit in a airplane bathroom. You don't pee on an airplane. No. I, but like sitting is a different situation. It is. Max is right. Yeah. I'm gonna back him up here. It's a tight squeeze. And also I was I a Bathroom on the plane? I was also looking at This If you have to shit. You can go to a bathroom. You Don't wanna shit on a plane. But you don't want to be the guy who shits on a plane. Like on a plane. You want, you're gonna see these people again in your Life. Well, sometimes they might be a reporter. Yeah. Sometimes it might be a, a Reporter. Yeah, that's true. Because reporters everywhere. All right. PFT. Okay, I'm going to go with my first one. During sex. Oh, During sex. During Sex.


As you're having sex in the middle, in the middle of sex when you're, you know, doing the act and you have to shit, what do you do? Yeah. You see, you have to stop. Then you go to the bathroom. Maybe she's into it and then you have to shit. And then you're like, well now I, now we have to start foreplay again. Yep. And then If, you had to shit during foreplay. That would make it definitely worse, but I think having to shit during sex is bad. Yeah. During sex would suck. Okay. Good pick. Thank you. Alright, I'll go With yes. Oh, Hank's Mad Order order. He's mad about the backup bagel. Yeah. Mad about the wake quartering. It's been just Insane All day.


Can't it exist? Put me on the Hot. Seat. Okay, I'll go. I'm gonna, I'm Gonna fire back. Don't put me on the Hot Seat my one one significant other's parents' house. Yep. Is the worst. Because even If, you, even if it's a house where you can maybe find the bathroom that no one goes to, there's still always in the back of your mind. Like I max you, max and I, maybe the, I think you guys would relate, but Max and I especially a road toilet, you just don't know. Like, it, it's, it's like playing on a d it's like playing on a 12 foot hoop. You don't know the, the dimensions of it. You don't know what the flushing is gonna be like. You don't know if it's a bad flush, easy flush anything. A road toilet is the scariest thing in the world.


The the toilet paper may be extra thick, all that stuff. You don't know if the bathroom's gonna have the fan as one of the switches. So Many Variable. So you're just hitting every switch hoping one of 'em turn. And then when you walk back in, then you're significant other. Other is like, where were you? Right. And then everyone else hears their asked that, oh shit. And then you're like, I had to take a phone call in the bathroom. Or you were on the risk of like, like mother-in-law or si you know, sister cousin, someone standing outside and being like, oh, like the, when you wa open the door after a big shit at someone else's house and there's someone waiting right there. Yeah. And you're like, God damnit, Is there anything worse than being in that situation? You're taking a shit and then someone tries to open the door and you hear the click and you have to say, someone's in here.


Yeah, Someone's In here. Hey. And you know that voice. Yeah. Hey, you try to do a different voice. So they might think it's a different family member. Yep. Yep. The worst. And then my other big one is Right After, you get outta the shower, that's the worst. Yeah. Because you don't go back in the shower usually. And you can, you could do a good job wipe, but that just, it's just a different vibe for your whole day. Yep. You're, there's a vibe of shitting right before the shower and there's a vibe of shitting right after the shower. Your day is basically ruined by that moment. Yep. And it's like that's, I, I don't, it doesn't happen often, but when it does it's like that was just the biggest mistake. Okay. Max? No, I think it's me. PFT Sorry, you're wrapping back around after sex.


I'm gonna go no, after sex is great shit during anal. Check your phone. You could take it. Hank how were you? I'd take it When you're getting an anal, Seeing what PF T's gonna, you know, I'm gonna go with just at a bar. At a bar when you're, when you're out for the night, you're out with the lads. It, It depends on the bar. The definitely bathroom bar situation, definitely. Like if they, if I, I have taken many a shit at a bar. If they have the private stalls, Yeah. It's, I die bar is the worst. When you walk in, you're like, all right. There's the, the worst is like a, a bar that has the, like the, the barriers are so, so small that like If, you stand up, you can see everyone and everyone can look over and that's the worst if There's like one urinal and one stall and there's so much turnover of people using that urinal, but you're just using that stall to shit is, is Terrible.


I've told this story before, but one of the funniest things ever was the bar Duffy's in Chicago. And they had for a while there, I dunno if they fixed it, but it was like s it was like seven urinals and then a toilet. Put no barrier. Yeah. There was One time I was there watching college football and a dude, it was full and a dude just sat down and started taking shit and everyone cheered and was like, fuck yes dude. I thought you said that was like a fantasy football pun or no pun. That would be a great punish. That would be a great punishment. Like You have to go to a bar. Yeah. And shit. That shit. Yeah. Yeah. There was, there was a bar in Austin called Nasties. I used to go to where it was, the entire bathroom was just one toilet in the middle of the room.


Yeah. Like a sit down toilet. And nobody ever took a shit there ever. One time I walked in, there was just a guy standing there, he was like, ready to go. Like, pants down. Gotta go. Right. Gotta turn around. Yeah. Yeah. Shitting in a bar because then you, you also get that embarrassment factor of walking back and people are like, dude, were you just shitting? You just gotta, you just gotta rub your Nose. Yeah. In that moment, you, you have to act like you never shit. No, dude. Yeah. I would never. Shit. Alright, max, I, I guess I have a theme going here, but I'm just gonna go with on a boat. That's a good pick. I had that too. That's a great one List. I Too, I did a plane first and boat next, but it's like, There's boat mates will way better than a plane. 'cause there's no bathroom on there. Well, aqua dump, but yeah, There's, that's the, that, that was the reason I didn't do it because there are probably people who like to aqua dump.


Yes. There's, there are. I don't mind It. There are bathrooms on place. That's what I'm saying. And on boats too. Not Always. No. But those boat bathrooms are bad. Yeah. That's basically, I'm agreeing with Max. That's why's, even if there's Bathroom, I don't like small bath. I don't like shitting in small. Even if there's a bathroom on a boat, it's one of the ones that you have to like press the pedal on. Yes. Yeah. Yes. And it's like that stink just is gonna stay for a while. Okay. I'm gonna go with, at a sporting event, at a sold out sporting event. Got it. At It. Definitely A bar. And again, much smaller, much less people. Probably aligned, but still not bad. But a, a sporting event when you, like I'm thinking of all my situations when it's like you, it's like diarrhea.


Like you can't wait. Yeah. Like your stomach drops and you have to go and no matter what, you have to wait for probably 20 or 30 people and then you have to just, you know, unload with everyone inside. And when you get into that bathroom to take the shit, the bathroom, the toilet is always destroyed. War zone. Yep. Yeah. You go through all of 'em and you're just like, fuck, this is gonna be, you just know any high traffic situation. You're like, this sucks. And bonus for that. Pick the toilet paper's always the worst. It's the worst. It's single ply if it's there at all. Yeah. And it's just terrible. Yeah. And then I will go in another situation that there is no bathroom If, you're on the subway Because Then usually, usually I Shoot my pants on the subway. Usually. Yeah. When you, because even if you're on the subway again, your stomach drops.


You're like, fuck, I gotta go to the bathroom there. There's not a quick bathroom off a subway. Yeah. You have to get up and then hope you can find somewhere. But most places with subways are places like, you know, no public bathrooms. Yep. You can't just run in, so Yeah. Nothing worse. And then If, you have to, you know, fart it out. You're just crammed around people. It's, it's The worst. Yep. Agreed. Okay. Good Pitch. I'm gonna go with a music festival. Porta-potty. Oh, Good one. It's been used all day. It's so fucking hot. Yep. I shitting in any porta-potty is the worst. You walk out of there, like you literally were just came out of a sauna and it's just disgusting. And it's also like You're sitting on piss. It's, It's a fucking, It just shit.


When the porta potty, when he, when you look in and it's been rising. Oh yeah. There's a lot in there. Oh, You always have Worst You always have to peak too, right? Yeah. In a porta potty, you have to just take a look. Yeah. Like what's the situation like down there? Yeah. There's a bomb go off in here. Good pick. Good pick max. All right. For my next one, I'm just gonna go in Hank Max just keeps picking like small toilets. Yeah, they're, yeah. They're, But they're, it Plays Well, potties are also hot though. That Toilet, they're, you're In a toilet. I might make you eat a backup bagel tomorrow. Yeah. I might sit here and be like, we're not starting the day until you eat two bagels. Which one of his picks do you dispute? Not disputing. Just critiquing. I think they're all valid. They're all good. If you're on a plane, You're just mad because PFT got sex and you got fourplay.


Yeah. You, no, Fourplay is way, Fourplay is way worse When I'm going down on a chick. Okay. Or in reverse. All right. That's blumkin. That's You're up PFT. That's gross. Hank, you're gross. I'm just gonna go without a road trip. Yeah. And a car on a road trip because then you gotta make everybody pull over for you. Yep. You gotta find a bathroom. Sometimes you have to go into the gas station. Ask them for the key that's attached to like a hockey stick. Then go around the corner, open up the bathroom door. You go in. There's needles everywhere in the bathroom. Also looks like a bomb went off. It smells like shit. Just a bad, bad scene. If, you have to shit on the road Trip. Yep. Yep. Okay. I got two to finish off my picks.


This one's happened to me a few times. I'm gonna go with right before you have to puke. 'cause that's the worst when you're taking a shit and you're like, you're fucked up and you're taking a shit and you're like, this will solve it. And you're like, Nope, I gotta puke. And then you gotta puke where you're just shitting. I, when I was a kid and I had a stomach bug, I did both at the same Time. Yeah. It's The world. Like I was puking and as I was puking, shit came outta my ass. Dude. Having To do, having on Like, on the, the wall of the bathroom. I probably shouldn't have shared that, but it, it has happened. But You like, has it happened to you guys before where you're like so fucked up and you're like, A shit will solve this. And you're like, Nope, it's a puke.


It's like, but I already shit. So now I have to turn around. It's the grossest. You Got, you got two moves at that point. You can either shit, like, try to try to spew it between your legs. Yeah. Or if you're lucky there's a bathtub next to you. Oh, you just lean over there. Oh, The worst. And then my last one is, I, I can't say to it actually. Hank could say to it, prison, prison has to suck to Shit. That's a good fourth pick. You, I mean, like you, you, there's a shitter in your room with a roommate. Hank, you've shit in prison before I did shit in prison in front Of people. No, I was in my own, in my own stall. We were in the waiting cell. This was three o'clock in the afternoon and they said, we're not getting out till seven. And I was like, I'm not holding this for whatever.


Yeah. 20 hours. And I just started shit. And everyone was like, are you fucking pooping right now? I was like, what? I had, I had no choice. Yeah. I had no option. But every story you hear and every picture you see, it's usually like two people or three people or four people living in a room and there's just a toilet in the middle. Yeah, I do. You have to have like a schedule And it's just gotta Suck. Least know when someone's gonna use it. Yeah. And it's just gotta suck no matter what. Yeah, that'd Be bad. It's gotta suck for everyone. I would just stop shitting. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. PFT, your last pick. All right. My last pick. I was thinking about going super specific with this one, but I'm just gonna say in a foreign country. Mm. If you're out in a foreign country, you don't. What About bidets?


So here's the thing though. Never used One. I don't like bide. Never Used one. Here's the thing. Bidet. Bidets, you have to walk around with a wet ass afterwards. Agreed. I'm not a bidet guy. Yeah. I think it's a little suss that you just get water sprayed up your butt. I'm a real man. I like to stick my own fingers up my Ass so I don't wipe, I don't bidets combined with toilet paper. Not a bad scene. Just bidet. I don't, I would never trust that, first Of all. Yeah. You, it's a weird thing. You can't trust it. Second of all, you just have wet ass. It just, it just runs down your leg. Dumb Question. Where does that water come from? Is that recycled? Is that poop water? Yeah. No, I think there's, you spray Poop water Back up. Depends on what kind of bidet we're talking about.


There's some bidets where you have two stations. So you go from the poop station trust to the day station two f Some of them have just like a faucet in the wall that you spray. Yeah. But the sneaky, one of the weirdest things about shitting in a foreign country, especially if you're on an island somewhere or you're in like central or South America, the plumbing system isn't equipped to handle toilet paper. So a lot of places they have toilet paper, but you have to wipe and then there's a trash can right next to the toilet that you have to throw your, your used toilet paper up to on top of other people's shitty toilet paper. Ugh. And then also, if you're out and you, you don't know the language, then you have to ask people where the bathroom is and then they're like, oh, this, this guy wants to shit this American big shitter. Ugh.


Yeah. Damn. Okay. Max. Mine are all transportation. I've realized I thought others porta Potty is Not porta. Potty is not. This next one is in traffic, in standstill traffic. Yeah. That's like a panic move when Yeah. You really have to shit. And you're like, okay, I am almost home. And then you're and then you're in traffic and you can't get out of it. Yep. You start sweating such traffic. Yeah. I could PFTU, but I'm not going to. 'cause I, I have integrity of the game. What does that mean? Make a really excellent pick. Yeah. What is that? I was gonna say while you're puking 'cause that's basically the foreplay of sex. Of Okay. Do whatever you want.


Dude, you're, you've been so uns chill. I don't care. How is that A PFT? Well, you just took my picking slightly, slightly altered It. No, I had, I had during sex as my one one I Had, while you're puking on my list. That's why like, do Whatever you want, bro. I'll go with during your own wedding vows. That Was a great pick. Yeah, that's a, that's a good pick. That's a funnier pick during your wedding vows. That's a funnier pick. That's A great pick. Hey. Can't say no from experience, but that would, that would be a nightmare. Yeah. That Would suck. Big time. Alright. What do we, what do we leave off? I had kids' school, elementary school.


Like if I've had to, I have not had to do this, but like going to my son's school and like you see the toilets, they're two feet off the ground. Yeah. Or like a foot off the ground would never wanna do that. What About like during an assembly that you're in at school? Yeah. Or like during a meeting like, you know. Yeah. I, there's a bunch of people around, like, you can't leave for 20 minutes. Everyone knows Business. People who have like six hour like full day meetings and you just have to excuse yourself and be like, I'm sorry, I have to go to the bathroom. Yep. And then you're not back like too quickly. Everyone's like, oh my god. He just shit himself. Yeah. That was When you're wearing a suit. Yeah. Oh. When having to like maybe a, a tuxedo at a wedding. You got the suspenders and everything and you just basically you're like, I'm gonna shit somewhere on this suit.


You get like basically take off all your clothes. Yeah. That would be bad. Also if you're, if you're at a job with a boss that is like a serious job, not like a fuck around job, but a, a job that you care about. That's your career. And then you go in at the same time as your boss. Yes. He goes to the urinal. Yes. You go to the stall, then he, then he knows and then he, I'm then he sticks around a little bit too long and you have to start shitting. I Think it might be worse. If. you both go to the stall. 'cause then you have to sit there and be like, you know. I know like, yeah because, because he's not only having to smell your shit, but he also is like, this guy knows how I sound. Yeah. I did that one time with, with my boss back in Austin. We go in the bathroom at the same time, sit down, he goes to the stall.


I go to the stall and then he just screams fire in the hole, broke the ice and just let it rip. Yeah. Just Absolutely let it rip. And then I was like, okay, this guy's cool. He shit's loud. Alright. I had, I had two others that I was surprised that weren't picked. One is when you're in a pool, because not only like the fact that you have to shit while you're in a pool, but there's nothing worse when you're like in a pool or at the beach and you have to go to the bathroom and you're, you're not, you're gonna be wet so you're slipping on the floor. Your ass cheeks are wet. It's just a mess. The Beach is a Good one too. Yeah. Beach is a big one. Beach beaches. Aqua dump. Yeah. Aqua dump. Yeah. Aqua dump. And then what did you say? Go ahead. No, go ahead. I was gonna say in high school, after you've already wasted a bathroom break to just walk around.


Oh yeah. And then you come back and you're like, I have to go to back Fake. No, I used to, I used to just be like, every, every period I would go maybe once or twice just so I could sit, sit On the, you have to go in every single class. 'cause you know, You, there were times I went twice and then the teacher would get mad, but I was like, fuck it. Yeah. What do you say at that point? You're just like, no, I, the first one I was faking it. Right. You're like, no. Like I have to shit. Yeah. What about during, during the second quarter of a college football game and you're the coach. Ooh. Yeah. Sidelines. And you're old and then you have to stop the game to sprint across the field into the locker room. Yeah. You're flushed out. Yeah. Yeah. And then the other one I had that I was surprised, it's kind of similar to the significant other's parents' house, but significant other in a hotel room.


'cause that you could be with your significant other forever when you get into some hotel rooms and you're like, this hotel room is 300 square feet. Like you're, you we're men. The way we shit changes the whole vibe of an entire hotel room or a weekend. So like you have to go to the lobby or something, but If, you have to go in the hotel room. Max, you're looking at me like you don't Yeah. No. I let it rip. You do? Yeah. I let it dude, when it's such a small confined space, I'm like, this shit's gonna linger for days. That's how I felt. Yeah. The sound. Yeah. Exactly. Back to your story. Alright. Any, any others? Oh, gas station with only one bathroom.


You know which ones I'm talking about where it's one single bathroom and it's like, this is, this bathroom's been through hell. Like absolute hell. That's like if you're on a road trip that that goes hand in hand with what you just said. Like, you really have to go and it's the only gas station around and you're like, do you have a bathroom? They're like, yeah, but it's in the back for employees. Yeah. And it's like, okay, I can use it. And it, they're ugh. Yeah, I Know If, you get there, you have to walk through like their inventory of food that they had Back. That's Exactly what I one dur was Picturing. The other one is key. The key bathrooms at a gas station that you have to go outside for. Those are always the worst. Yeah. Truck worst. Those are probably getting their dick sucked in there. Oh yeah. During the NBA finals against the Lakers.


Yeah. That'd be Bad. That would be bad. That'd be very bad. Memes raising his hand during A marathon. Oh, I actually think That's kind of an okay. Time That plays. It might be the only time you can shit your pants and no one's gonna really judge you name. Who's the guy that or Davis? Who's I Or something? No, no. The Davis, Clark, Dave Clark, Davis Clark the influencer. Yeah. He's, that was a great video. Oh, I also feel like runners. They, they welcome you into an elite fraternity. If. you do that. Yeah. They're like, respect. Yeah. You left it all out there. Okay, let's get to our interview. We got an awesome interview with David Wells and we'll finish up with PardonMyTake. Your take.


PFT. You got an ad Before we start the interview? I do. David Wells was brought to you by Coors Light. Coors Light is the absolute best. We cracked open some Coors Lights on the Frisbee golf course today. The Victor got the spoils. The mountains were blue before all the hustle of football season. Pardon My Take is headed west. It's our first ever chill week with help of Coors Light. We're hosting interviews with fellow golf lovers in town, enjoying the summer fun that Tahoe has to offer. Most of all, choosing Chill with Coors Light all week long. When you embrace a chill mindset, it's a good time to choose Chill Crack open at Coors Light. Coors Light is mountain cold, refreshment, crisp and refreshing as the Colorado Rockies. Tune in for our adventures at Chill week. Don't forget to choose Chill Reach for Coors Light at Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by going to coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company Golden Colorado. And now here's David Wells.


Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. It is our first interview of Chill Weeks sponsored by Coors Light and Chevy Silverado. It is the legend, 21 years pitching in MLB David Boomer Wells. Can we, should we go by Boomer or how, how do you want to start that? I'm cool with any one of 'em. Okay. All right. I love that. Good. Let's start though. We're here at, at the tournament that's gonna be taking place this weekend in Tahoe. First of all, how's the golf game? Do you think we have a chance of winning? I have zero chance of winning. Okay. In this. So your money, you can't say Zero. What if someone, I'm gonna tell you zero. What if half of the field gets hit by a bus? There's another half And there's another half are some good players.


But no, I, I've come this year with zero expectations. You know, I had a shoulder replacement in December, so I'm just getting that back. So I've probably had about nine rounds. 10 rounds, okay. Since then. Yeah. So it's like, it's, it's not pretty. But I, I mean, I am, I mean, because I'm coordinated and I do play a lot of golf, it's just, just trying to find your rhythm in that and it's just, it's not there. But yeah. You know, I just try to stay away from the double bogies. What's, what's your handicap? Well, normally when I'm playing a lot it's probably, you know, anywhere from a six to a nine. Okay. Nice. Nice. You like that Number 69? That's like Joe Biden, right? That's what He said.


Yeah. It makes you a pink belt and tongue fu so you're good. That's, I love it though, that like, you're like from a six to a nine, that's a really good golfer. Yeah. And you're being very humble, being like, I, I am not gonna compete in this thing. No. And that's a good song. Yeah. And I don't, you probably don't know who sang if six was a nine, if Six was a nine rush. No. Damn, you gotta go way back, brother. Three dog Eight night. The Mamas and the Pops. No, What is it? Robert Johnson? Nope. Jimi Hendrix. Oh, Okay. I should have known that one. Idiot. Should've known that one. You're a big music guy. Huge music guy. So I, I heard a story that your favorite, obviously your favorite day was when you would start, but mostly because you got to control the clubhouse music.


Yes. So would you, what was the usual pick and was there anyone in particular who was like, what the hell, boomer, we don't wanna wanna listen to this. Well, a lot of guys didn't wanna listen to it, especially Joe Tory. But I didn't give two shits about that. Can we cuss? Yeah. Yeah. Fuck. Say fuck motherfucker. Fucking a Yeah. Yeah. So you can't say fart. I know you got in trouble with that one time. How About that? You did? Yeah. Yeah. It was all right. But anyways, I, I would, I mean, I got fired up so my ma my go-to was Metallica. Nice. A hundred percent. And then I'd throw a little disturbed in there. Okay. A little slip knot in there and just get it going. And then, you know, I'd wind down a little bit, played a little bit of Van Halen love Van Halen.


Yep. You know, do that some cheap tricks, some of the old school stuff and then finish it up with, with Wolf and man. Yeah. And then that was one of my come out songs, but played a lot of POD as well. So, wait, what? Because what was my boy San Diego Boys down there? What would Tory say? He would try to turn it down. I'd go back and turn it back up. Yeah. What did he wanna say? And I just told him, If, you wanna win, leave the fucking music alone. Yeah. Because I, this is how I get ready, you know, for my starts. Yeah. Just go out, go out in the, go out in the dugout, do something, but, you know, for the next 45, 50 minutes, lemme get This. Yeah. I respect that though. Like on days that you're working, you know, what gets you dialed in. Right. And it's some fucking Metallica, but He made it all about himself. So Yeah. To Me it was like, you know, what do you do?


But, you know, that to me that that just worked with for me and, and how I got prepared and ready. 'cause I just, you know, music, if music wasn't around, I don't think I would've been worth it. Shit. Yeah, yeah. You know, I just, I always gravitate and go to music in any time and, and if high or low, just go to music and you just find the songs that work for you to get you outta your funk. So. So what are your top three metal albums? You know, probably Ride The Lightning. I like, you know, obviously the Black album. Yep. Which was great. And probably masters. Okay. Yeah, Those three are pretty badass. Yeah. Yeah. Those, those really do. Like the old school Metallica, you can't, you don't have a Pulse If, you listen to that and you can't get up for it.


No. And I used to run with Lars back in the day, so it was quite dabbled. See quite a lot of fun. You know, James Hatfield didn't really gravitate towards me a little as much, but, you know, he was, he was nice. He wasn't a dick. You know, a lot of people can be, but he was, he was really cool. And I got to go behind the scenes and, you know, hang out in sessions with him and do all that. So it was pretty cool. And, but yeah, Lars, that was my man. I named my son after him, so, Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. That's really cool. So, and he's A drummer, so it's, so hopefully he'll follow in his footsteps. Yeah. Yeah. So when you sat down, you took your knee brace off, is your knee okay by the way? How's it Feeling? Yeah, I just, I had to put that on. I'm, I'm getting this done in December, December 2nd, I get a knee replacement.


So I was just, I gotta wear a tex from time to time, you know. Yeah. I was admiring the tattoo that the knee brace was covering. Yeah, that's, you got a skull. But the skull also is a baseball. And who's on that? That fucking babe Cone, Don Larson and me. Yep. Wait, you have your own, Get Your tattoo, your leg guy. Whitey Ford and Babe Ruth. And then the knee, the, the, the nose is the tunnel going from the state, from the clubhouse to the, that's, That's an awesome tattoo. And then, you know, all the teeth and all that stuff. Yeah. But yeah, it's just, you know, I like skulls, so Yeah. So, so a small guy. You mentioned, you know, some of the guys there, David Cohen and gotta talk about the perfect game. How hungover were you for the perfect game?


I was, well after, well, as the game went on, I got better. But the start, I got to the park that morning and CO's locker was next to mine and, you know, they were getting ready to go out on the field and he just looked at me and he goes, wow. I go, what? I'm looking around. What? And he goes, you stink dude. And he goes hide. He goes, if he goes, if Joe Tory smells you, you're done. Yeah. I was a brewery. How many hours did you see? A Lot of, a lot of vodka came outta that body that day. But I feel like sometimes when you're hung over, you just, you don't, you don't like it drowns out some of the anxieties, some of the, some of the negative self-talk. Yeah. You just go out there and you fucking do it. Yeah. And a lot of guys have done it, but to me, I, I just wasn't expected.


I, I, it was stupid to do it. But, you know, I, I did it, you know, Jimmy Fallon and Seth, my, all the guys, the whole cast, we were just raging till about five 30 in the morning. And then I got home probably about 5 40, 5, 6, just facial on the bed. And my son wakes me up two hours later, dad, I'm hungry. I'm like, go get grandpa to make you something. Gimme a couple more hours of sleep. And he's like, persistent. No. So I got up, started drinking coffee, and then that shit happened. Yeah. So, yeah, it was, it was incredible. Well, after, after that goes down, did you ever think as if it were me and I just pitched a perfect game after I was, you know, maybe half drunk, maybe still hungover, I would get in my own head and say, I have to do this every single game from now on.


You Think? I didn't, Not, Not to that extent, but you know, I, I usually went out the night before I pitched, you know, low key, just, you know, have a couple pops and not get too annihilated and just, but you know, because for me the next day just I was relaxed. Yeah. Yeah. I wasn't all, 'cause you know, you, a lot of guys get butterflies and, and I still got butterflies before every game, but, you know, once you couple pitches into it, you're, you're good to go and, you know, and then you just, you just go get into your rhythm. Yeah. But you know, not all, not all the time it works and, and all that. So it's like, you know, what do you do? You, you're gonna have good games, you're gonna have bad games. Yeah. Do you need a drink? I don't care the guy, I don't care the guys who don't drink, you know, they have bad days too.


Yeah. I was looking for my water, but I'll take a Coors Light There we ice cold Coors light. We'll All crack Open a Coors Light. It ain't that ice Cold. Yeah. The all right. So, so the perfect game. Two other things I had about that was, Cheers, gentlemen. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. This is going exactly how I expected when Yes. David Wells. Cheers. The legend is on you. I, I heard you say that the bullpen, which you took very seriously throughout your career and, and your warmups before the game were horrendous for that. So what are you thinking in your head when you're throwing warmups before your perfect game? Are you like, this is going to be such a shitty day? Well, if my bullpens were good, I was scared. If they were shitty, I was okay with it.


'cause you can't go any, you can't get any worse. Right. So you don't know what to expect. But, 'cause for me then I would just try to psych myself out. I would throw like some pitches like really bad towards the end of my warmup and start dropping the f-bombs and getting pissed off. And, you know, Mel Meyer's looking at me and go, what's wrong with you? You all right? No man, you see those pitches right there, but I'm not gonna tell him. Right. You know, it's just my own thing. It's just I get in my own head. Right. And that's, and that's what I did because my pole pins were just so good. Right. And perfect. You know, to me it was like, it's scary because you can go in there and just, and get caught up in it and not really know, you know, you see the guy in front of you got a face and you groove 'em one, it goes a long ways.


Yeah. So you just, you just gotta, that just worked for me. That was my mindset. Yeah. So, and then during the perfect game, at what point were you like, this is happening like this, is this About the fifth inning? Yeah. Yeah. About the, you were like, oh shit, like this could happen. Well, I walked into the clubhouse. I always walked up and got water. I just, I was very superstitious. So I, I, you know, with one out, I'd run up, get a water, and then come back down. I went into the lounge and I heard Michael k and John Sterling, you know, David Wells got a perfect game. I'm like, la, la la la la. Fucking ran out. And I'm like, got to the bench. And then I spit on the first step, second step, third step. Got a spit on those. And every time there's time, like I had cotton mouth, I couldn't get shit outta that when fucking feathers were coming out.


You know, it was like, like I ate a chicken, a old chicken. And, but yeah, to me it was just a very superstitious thing for me to do. And then, and I just, you know, I did that. So I just, I just tried to stay because I remember going and sitting next to Tino and he got up and walked Away. Yeah. I was gonna say, did everyone leave you alone? Yeah. I was very eerie. Yeah. Very, very eerie. And, you know, but I knew what they were doing because they don't want to be the ones to, you know, to jinx you and all that kind of stuff. But yeah. So I remember it was the eighth inning going out for the eighth inning. And David Cohen comes up to me and he goes, Hey, he goes, break out that, break out that knuckle ball. I go, what?


He goes, throw the knuckle ball. I go, I don't throw a knuckle ball. He goes, yeah, you Do I play catch with you every day. Throw that knuckle ball. I go, I go, are you outta your fucking mind, dude? I'm not throwing no knuckle ball. I knew what he was doing. I not right away. But then when I was walking out to the mountain, I'm like, Hmm. He's just trying to get my mind off of what's going on. Yeah. Ah, very genius. Move on his part. Yeah. So, yeah. That, that is genius. And he obviously then threw a perfect game. He coming the next year. Yeah. The next year. And did you have anything like that for him? No, I wasn't. I got traded. Oh yeah, that's right. You got, I got traded the first day of spring training. You Bounced around to so many teams. Was there ever a moment in your career where you're like, man, I, I, I kind of wish I could just stay at one of these places.


I think I was meant to be on a bunch of teams. I, you know what? I just had a lot of, I had a hard time with authority. Yeah. You know, I spoke my mind, I think too much. But, you know, that's just the way I was. I, it, it worked for me. But, you know, I want win. I want, I wanna make the guys around me better. You know, I want my teammates to, to do what they're supposed to do. You know, I didn't set a very good example by going out. Right. But I, I got my, if I didn't come and do my job to the park every day or every five days and do my job well then yeah. Then I would expect them to come and get in my face and, you know, have an intervention with me or something. But, but it was just, it was like, you know, I, I just wanted to win. And, and I just did not like authority.


I, 'cause I'm a grown ass man, So I got two. Don't tell me. I got two questions about the authority thing. One, how much of that is because of your upbringing with your mom, who was by everything? I've read an absolute badass. She was in the Hell's Angel. So she was, she was a, she was, you know, a woman. I guess she was her boyfriend. So yeah. She was an old lady as they would say. Yeah. But how was that like your mom, like that's kind of the coolest thing ever to be like, yeah, my mom was a Hell's Angel. You know, to me as a kid, you don't really, really, 'cause you're around these guys every day, you know, especially on the weekends, you know, when the party's at your house. Right. And in our apartment, but the apartment complex that we lived in, there was two on the, on the, on the same block.


but we were the bigger one. The other one was a little smaller and they had a big courtyard in the middle. And it was just, it was on. And it was cool because you'd have, you know, 150, 200 motorcycles around your whole block. People were scared of you. Yeah. I was gonna say, no one messed with you. I'm sure I was A shit talking punk little kid. You messed with me. My mom's boyfriend's gonna beat your ass, you know, and do all that stuff. So I I, I got away with a lot of shit. Yeah. So, but, but no, my mom was, she, that was just her lifestyle and, you know, it worked for her. And, but she always told me, she goes, don't take any shit from anybody. Speak your mind and persevere. Yeah. And that's, and I remember that as a little kid.


And then I took that into my life and, and it worked. Yeah. So the second question about authority is, I heard a story that you tried to, or maybe didn't try, but you told George Steinbrenner that you're gonna beat his ass. Oh yeah. So can you tell us that story? Because that's, I I would imagine a lot of guys on the Yankees didn't do that because he was the boss. Yeah. You get, well, it was Interleague game. We were playing the, the expos. And Pedro and I were going toe to toe. And I think it was the third or fourth inning, Darren Fletcher hit a home run. But the year before 96 when I was with Baltimore and that Jeffrey Meki Yeah. Leaned over and piece of shit. Yep. He did that.


'cause Tony Carasco was under camping underneath it. Yep. And he just reached out and Richie Garcia called it a home run, which was bullshit. Yep. And so I brought that up because same thing happened to me kid, or not a kid, some guy leaned over and Tony was right. And, and Paul O'Neill was right underneath it. And Paul was pissed. He's screaming and they called it a home run. So I, I think I went eight innings and, and then when I went in, George Steinbrenner was sitting right next to my locker, but there was a picnic table in front of my locker. And with Nick Pere, who was our clubhouse manager. And he, they were talking, I come and I said, Hey George.


I said, I said, you gotta do something with that fence. I said, it worked for you last year. It didn't work today. You know, we're losing, I think that time, I think three to one. And, and he, and he's like, he just looks at me. He goes, he goes, you ain't the picture I signed. I go, excuse me. He goes, you ain't the picture I signed. I go, well If, you don't fucking like me. Why don't you trade me? He goes, I tried. Nobody wants you. That pissed me off. Yeah. So I was just like, I was like, oh boy, here we go. So he just kinda looked at me, I said, If, you don't like me. Get fucking rid of me. I said, If, you don't want me. I don't care. I said, this is my dream to play for you, but now if you're gonna be a dickhead and then fuck off, I don't wanna be no part of it.


Yeah. You know? And I said, as a matter of fact, I'm gonna go get ice on my shoulder and my back and my knee. And I said, and when I come back, I said, if you're here, I said, I'm gonna beat the shit outta you. And he gets up, he gets right in my face and he's like, I'm not afraid of you. I go, we'll find out in a few minutes. Well, I went in there and I put ice elbow, shoulder, back, knee. And I come out and he's sitting right there and I go, son of a bitch. And I go, you still hear you motherfucker. And I started ripping shit off of me. He got up out the door, he went, oh. I just, I chased him. And Strawberry was hiding behind a pillow Going, Wow, this guy's fucking out of his mind.


He's like crazy. Oh man, man. He went out and then, you know, I felt really bad about it, but you know, it is what it is. I was hot. And you know, you say stuff when you're pissed off. And so like two days later during the game, I'm walking up into the clubhouse and the phone rings right outside of Tory's office and I pick it up and I go, Yankee Stadium second base, can I help you? And he goes, who is this? And I knew right who it was, I go, you called me. Who's this? He goes, this is George Steiner, god dammit. And I said, Hey George, it's Boomer. And I go, Hey, I just wanna apologize for the other day. I should have not done that. That was not cool. So I, I really, really feel bad.


And I go, I apologize. He goes, you wait right there. And he came down from his office, he came down and we went in in Joe's office and we hash it out. He gives me a big old hug, kiss on the cheek. He goes, you're my guy. Oh, I like that. But I think that's, you had to do that. Yeah. Right. You had to challenge him. Yeah. Because if he had you, you're done. Well, Everybody that he deals with in his day-to-day life just rolls over for Him. Yeah. So, if you are a guy that stands up, he'll probably respect That. So I told everybody, fucking talk shit to him. Get in his face, do that, challenge him, do all that. But Every me did that. Did anyone else do that? I don't know. I don't think so. I, Yeah, but it, you know, at least you give him a little bit of advice. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, you don't want to get rolled over. And it's like, you know, the same crap happened to me in Toronto.


You know, the front office always, always messed with me. And I think that's why I became a really, you know, bad boy of baseball because of the fact that they treated me like shit. And, and it was like, they were always worried about my, if I was, you know, I was 1 95 and they wanted me to one be 180 5. I'm like, I'm already skinny. I'm six four, I'm skinny as hell. Yeah. I go, no. And then I have 2 0 5, they wanted me 200. So they'd find me a hundred dollars a day and I didn't have a hundred dollars to pay. Yeah. I was low man on the totem pole. And that on that payroll. So it just, it really sucks. So Pat Gillick and Gord as were always messing with me and finally one day I just said, fuck you guys.


I said, I want to be a starter or a reliever. I'm not doing both right. He said, I'll be happy to do one or the other. 'cause when Dave, Steve went down, I spa start, I won 15 games. Right. And then he comes back, I go right to the bullpen. Right. So I was just like, whatever. So yeah. So I just, I went out and then they released Me and And that. Probably like that Toronto, the start of your career. Probably set the tone a little bit for why you got traded For the rest of my career. Yeah. For the rest of your career. but it also is why you were able to survive being like, Hey, I know I can do this. Yeah. Like fuck off. Yeah. That's why everybody wanted me in the playoffs. Yeah. Yeah. I was a big game pitcher. So you gimme the ball. I'm not afraid. What is it about a big game pitcher? 'cause there's something special about it. Like win big ball, all sports. Yeah. No, but like watching, like, you know, there, there's been a ton of guys throughout history, but like, even, I'm thinking like more recently like a, a John Lesser or Massen Bumgarner where it's like Kurt Schilling.


It doesn't matter what, what their season look like. If they have to win a game, they're gonna win a Game. Andy Pettit's probably the best big game pitcher I've ever seen, you know, in my career. He just, that guy just, he knew how to win. Kurt Schilling's another guy, he, he, he stepped up to the plate and big games. And that's where you wanna be. You wanna be on the biggest stage and, and take authority and walk off that in the ninth inning with a, you know, badass with your chest out and just, here you go everybody. Yeah. That's what I just did to your team. Yeah. That's what you want. That's a mentality that you want, you know, a lot of guys are going third or fourth inning looking in the dugout going, come get me.


Right. You know what, that's just not how it is. There's guys that, that just step up and there's guys that don't. So You're talking about the butterflies earlier. Like would you, you would still get those butterflies before a big game? Yeah. You would just lean into 'em. Yeah. How'd you make, how do you make those butterflies your friend? You just, you just go out there and make your pitches. I knew I could, I could throw, I could hit a gnat's ass at 60 feet, six inches, nine outta 10 times. I had good control. You know, I, I had control with every pitch, so I threw strikes. So you just try to make your pitches know what guys can beat you, you know, and, and pitch to your strength. I never, I didn't look at the, at the, at the scouting reports. You know, I would do it from time to time just to appease somebody, but I already knew what I was doing.


Yeah. I pitched to my strengths, not what some scouting report tells me to do. You know, if it's somebody I don't know that just got called up, then I'll go look at it just to see what their Yeah. What their scouting report is. But to me it was still, I just pitched to my strengths. What About your catchers? When your catchers are calling a game? Are you a guy that would shake off a lot of signs? Nope. Or they knew what you wanted To throw? Nope. We, I made sure they knew what I threw in every count in the pitch. You know, every pitch in the count. Excuse me. And so to me, they had to think with me. 'cause I hated to shake off. Now if I had a scuff ball, then they put number two down. I'm like, no, no, no, no.


We're going number one. 'cause I can make that ball move that much inside and out. So I'd rather do that and, and not speed up their bat when they're looking for something off speed. Yeah. But yeah. 'cause I If you get a scuff ball. I remember early my career, I'd get scuff balls, I'd throw 'em back. Yeah. I'm like, what a dumb ass I was. I don't know. I was just green behind the ears. Yeah. Then I got a little older and, and you know, talked to the veteran guys and they tell you, and then you start working with it, it's like, oh my god. Now they throw every ball out. Yeah. Yeah. You know, it's, it's, it's crazy If it hits the dirt Yeah. It's out. So You're pitching in, you know, the nineties, early two thousands height of the steroid era. Did you know at the time you're like, these guys are juicing and like, they're, They're just, we knew what guys were doing them Right.


And what guys weren't. Right. And you know, it's just, I, I look back now, I go, fuck, I wish I would've done 'em. Yeah. To be honest with you. Yeah. That's An honest answer. I, I wish I would've because I, I don't think I would've, I I think I would've gained velocity. You know, I, I, I think in that aspect, so with my ability to throw strikes, I think it would've made me a lot better. You know, I think injuries, you know, these little aches and pains you get, you know, the dead arm period and stuff like that that you get. So it's like, you know, that that might've been a big difference for me. But Yeah. But no, I never did 'em. So, you know, but to me it sucks that the guys that did 'em, that didn't need to do 'em.


Yeah. And you know, I guess so I guess I'd say allegedly they did, you know, we all know what guys did 'em. And so to me, but you know, that, that's just a thing. So, you know, I look at it in my situation, I pitched in a steroid era and I could have probably had, you know, 15, 20 more wins because of it. So that puts me at, you know, close to 300. Right? Yeah. Well, no, I had 2 39, so 2 60, 2 70. Yeah. But if the Blue Jays would've left me a starter my whole career, Then you close to three hundred's. I wish I always played for the Braves. Yeah. Because they always brought their guys up and they just let 'em go, you know? And that's how they learned. Yeah.


And that's why they were very good staffs. Yeah. All those years. And you know, So, if you take 10 wins If, you just take 10 wins a year. For those six years they stuck me in the bullpen. You know, that's 60 wins. Yeah. That's 300 Now you're getting 300. Yeah. I'm in the hall of fame. Yeah, that's true. So was there ever a moment or maybe a home run or a moment in a game where you're like, fuck, this is crazy what these guys are doing. I mean, when a guy that normally doesn't hit a hormone run off you and he's going 20 rows deep oppo, that pisses you off. Yeah. Because you know, they're doing it and you know, it's just, you see their bodies change and it's just like, okay, here we go. Yeah. It's gotta make your pitches. But even that pitch that you normally get 'em out on, they're, you know, they're so strong now.


I know. It's just like great. But, you know, it is what it is and Yeah. You know, Do I think those guys should be in the hall of fame. No. 'cause I didn't do 'em. You don't, they don't belong in it. And there's guys that think that they should, and I, I call bullshit on that because it shouldn't, it shouldn't be that situation. You know, it's like, and here's a case with Andy Petit. And when him and Roger would, I guess Roger gave it to 'em or whatever it was, whoever their trainer was at the time. And Andy was hurt. So he, I think he did, I don't know if, I don't know what it was that he did. I think it was the Cream, maybe he did The cream cream on, but whatever he was doing it to, to, to get to come back faster, you know, whatever it was.


And I think if it was under a doctor's supervision from guys that got injured, and if it's a healing process and it gets 'em over the hump and they gets 'em back on the field, that I would be fine with that. I think that would be, that would be okay. but it would have to be, obviously it would have to go as a league rule and then doc the doctors, the team doctors, and it's documented then. Sure. Why wouldn't you do that and then let him in the hall? Because Andy Petit, he's a hall of famer in my eyes. But you know, that one little mishap might screw him for the rest of his life. But So you're, you're a baseball historian. Like you, you, you collect a bunch of stuff. The the game that you wore, babe Bruce hat was pretty awesome. The don't you think it's crazy though that Barry Bonds like you is not in the Hall of fame.


He's one of, if not the best baseball player of all time. And you can go through the history of baseball. Like there's all these guys that pre you know, 19, 1950s didn't play against black players. They didn't play like the best competition. So you don't think that's crazy that they shouldn't, they should be in the Hall of Fame? Well, you gotta tell the history of the game, good or bad. Well, sure. But the thing is, if they did steroids and they're linked to 'em, so it's like, you know, I, I don't know. And, and I, I like both, they're both great guys. Yeah. They're both great guys. But you know, to me, when you're linked to it and everybody knows, then it's like, you know, it, it's, it's, you know, I don't know about the committee, what the committee's thinking, but it's the writers and eventually they're probably gonna get in because The writers will get younger and they'll realize, know and Well, yeah.


But there, there are a lot of stupid ass writers out there. Oh. That don't need to be writing and they should not have a vote. Yeah. The voting process for baseball is, it's stupid. It's crazy, Isn't it? Didn't dar Jeter not get a hundred percent? Well and that's the thing because there's one guy Yeah. I forgot his, I mean this is the BS part of it all is that everything's secretive to them. Right. And they keep going to Derek and Derek has to answer all these questions. And Derek's like, why don't you go to the guy who didn't vote for me? Right. Yeah. But they're saying, well, we don't know who it is. Well, they hide behind their pencil. They behind it. And that's bs They're a bunch of, I mean we call 'em pussies. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You all day, All day long. And maybe a few others because they're such afraid of their own shadow. But they could sit there and write BS about you your whole career.


And they not like you, so they're not gonna vote for you. But that one guy, from what I hear, doesn't like to vote for guys their first ballot first Year. Yeah. It's Ridiculous. Exactly. Then it's like keeping some idea of baseball perfection That doesn't exist. Yeah. Rivera was another one where it's like, he got it. He's the great, he didn't get a hundred percent though. He didn't get a hundred. Right? I Don't think he, did he get a hundred? Think he did the, the one who got a hundred. I think he Was the only one that got it. Did right for him. But yeah, so He might have been the only one. But like, that's the one where's Like Derrick Jeter, same way. He, he's a stud. You know, a lot of these guys, I mean that, that has been had to wait and wait or wait a year and then they get in the next year. Put 'em in. Yeah. I think the same thing happened to Roberto Alamar Rivera got a hundred All right.


Yeah. So like Roberto, he Lamar Yeah, he, I think he had to wait a year and then he got in. Dude was a stud. Right. One of the best players I've ever seen. Best sec, best infielder I've ever seen. Ken Griffey Jr. Probably the best outfielder I've ever seen. Yeah. But there's a couple guys behind him that were just as good. Yeah. But, but yeah. You see guys like that, but you know, they didn't get caught do anything. Yeah. You know, to me it's like, how do you not put Bernie Williams in the Hall of Fame? Yeah. How do you not put Kenny Lofton in the Hall of Fame? You know, they had great numbers. They had, they have Hall of Fame numbers. That's why you got a douche bag. What's it? The commissioner Manfred.


Yeah. Commissioner. Yeah. Yeah. Man. Rob Manfred. I just, I think he hates baseball. So he's just screwing it up while his tenure's still going. Yeah. And he's gonna see how much he could fuck it up. So wait, what? What guy? Guy, they had a, they should have booted him years ago. What don't you like about today's game? Everything. Okay. I like that. I, I knew whatever I asked them. Gonna watch be a list. I don't watch baseball anymore. Seriously. I haven't watched it in five years. Have you seen the bigger bases though? The, The only time I watched baseball is my buddy Chuck down in San Diego. 'cause he's a big Padre fan and I've gone to maybe two games in five years. So I can't, I lied. I've watched two games in five years. Do you have the card that gets you into every game? Yes. That is one of the coolest things. So can you explain it that when you retire 10 Years, you 10 If, you play 10 years in, in big league you get gold, big league card leagues, you get a gold card that you can walk up to any stadium at any time and you get walked right in.


You Get two of the best tickets available. That's, that's awesome. That's very cool. Yeah, but I don't, you just don't can I don't use yours. Can we have it? You gotta us, you gotta fight my kids. Ah, shit. My kids want it. Do they use it? They've used it before. Yeah. You get like snacks and drinks with that? Or just tickets? No, just tickets. That's so cool though. Just be able to walk up and wanna go to a game. Okay. Well, You know how much tickets are nowadays, so fuck that. They're ahead of the game. Yeah. So what would you do to fix baseball? I would get rid of the clock. Okay. I get, I'd get every analytic guy outta there. Fire all the nerds. Yeah, All the Nerds. Drop 'em off in the middle of the lake and let 'em swim in. Okay. Kill, Kill all the nerds. All right. You know, they're, because here's the thing, they're, they're, they're the guys that are making all, all the, all the calls and everything and, and giving it to the, you know, to the GMs or you know, whatever.


And then they're going off of that. It's like all that shit has been there since day one of baseball. It just took a couple cronies to go back there. Crunch numbers. Billy Bean, one of 'em, you know, and when with the money ball, but it, it starts like a lot. There's some validity to a lot of it, but a computer doesn't tell you it doesn't have a heartbeat. So it doesn't do that. You throw, you If, you throw over first base. The third time he gets to go to second. Okay. What part of that don't I get a guy on second in extra innings? 'cause they wanna speed the game up. Yeah. You don't wanna go to the fucking game for nine innings. Get the hell out. Yeah. Who cares. Yeah. That's up to you. Don't try to speed the game up the game. The integrity of the game is what it was.


Yeah. Would you ever try to throw, like pick off pitches to first base just to piss off the fans when they started to boo You, you know what Sparky Anderson was the man doing that? He would have you throw over six times in a row And he'd Put, fans are boon like crazy especially, and then there and you know, in the visiting one and they even just, he would do it. But there's a reason for that. 'cause they wanna see, they wanna try to, you know, they wanna try to see if the play up their hand. If he's gonna turn around and bunt, try to get the guy over. Right. So there's reasons for all that stuff. Right. You know, but now these kids nowadays, they don't have to think for themselves. 'cause they got these analytic guys that are doing all the thinking for 'em and it's like, learn how to play ball. They grow a sack. Let's go. I like that. I like that.


Bring back small ball. Steal some bases. A hundred percent. Yeah. I mean you could see It, you don't see it anymore though. You could see it in today's game. Like the, I know they've made a lot of rule changes. Some good, some bad, but like they're, the averages, batting averages are down so insanely where like no one's hitting, you know, over 300. Right. And it's like the, you know, the game, the action of the game. That's what people want to see. Right. And I know that I, I actually agree with like, banning the shift because I did think the shift like that just became ridiculous when a guy would hit, you know what Make that guy needs to make an adjustment. Okay. Alright. Make the adjustment. I'm not, I had no problem with that. It used to piss me off because then they would hit it the other way. Hit it down the line. Yeah. But I mean, did I like it? No, but I don't think they should have took it out.


I mean, the hitters are good enough. You gotta give them credit because they know how to hit bad pitches. You know, you don't need an analytics guy to tell you, you know, this is that. They just learn it. Did Robin Young guys like that. Paul Moer, you know, George Brett, all these guys that you know, were pure hitters, hall of fame hitters. They figured it out. Dave Winfield, all these guys. You go down the line from the 60, 70 or the seventies, eighties and nineties, 2000. Then before the analytics, these guys learn how to hit. Yeah. They pay attention. All you gotta do is pay attention. I watch the hitters, they watch us. Tony Gwynn. Tony Gwynn. Yeah. You know the pity. Wade Boggs?


Don Mattingly. Did you ever go out with Wade Boggs? Oh yeah. How, who, who would, who would end the night? He would, I would end the night. You'd out drink Wade. Not in beers. Yeah. So the story goes when he drinks 70 beers on a cross country trip one time. I've seen it. Something Like that. Do You believe that? I've seen it. Yeah. Yeah, I've seen it. So, and not get up to pee once. That's even more impressive. Jesus. It was like, it was like six beers. That's more impressive. Six beers in the clubhouse after the game. Right. And then he'd have another six pack on the bus taking the airport. Yeah. A lot of Guys would do that, but he was the king. Yeah. You know, but you know what? It worked for him. Yeah. He's there at the, he's there the next day early first guy there hitting, getting his his chicken, getting his work in, eating his chicken, whatever it may be.


And Wade was awesome. Yeah. It seems like a, a very cool hang. You mentioned Roger Clemons earlier and then that, that reminded me. You, you obviously have had run-ins with every manager that you've, that you've been involved with. Right. Roger Clemons managed you for a day. He did. He told you Right. We were only made a couple about a month ago, three weeks ago at a tournament. And we were, we were golfing. It was Ben Higgins, Roger and I, and we were playing and, and Roger brought that up. I go, so, 'cause when I looked up I'm like, what the hell are you doing out here? And, but Tory gave him manager of the day. 'cause he was, you know, I don't know if it was towards the end of it was, I guess a veteran status.


It was, it was, you know, it was a great gesture on Joe's part to, to do that. but it was, I didn't expect that. And he comes out there, I'm like, 'cause normally I don't want to come out of a game. Right. But, but it was pretty cool, Roger. Didn't I, lemme tell you, Roger's one of the funniest dudes you'll ever meet. His, his isms, excuse me, his isms. And he's, he's got a lot of one-liners. He keep you on your toes. Yeah, yeah. We had battles and all that over the years. We talked a lot of crap to one another, you know, over the years. But I'll tell you, he's, he's just, he, he, he's down there. He's a good guy. I Would think that if he was trying to take you outta a game though, you'd be like, get the fuck back in the dugout, Roger. Trust me. I think I said that.


But he's a bigger boy than me, so I'm not gonna give him too much shit. Yeah. Talking about old school baseball, when you're, if a teammate of yours got hit, were you kind of excited, like, I'm gonna, I'm Going to give justice back. You don't wanna hit anybody you don't want hit you just protect your teammates. Right. You protect him and you just, so my rule of thumb was hit the first guy. Yeah. Big, small, little, it doesn't matter. You hit the first guy and just try to, you know, squash it. And I remember in Toronto, Doug Linton hit like three or four guys and I'm like, well my rule of thumb and first guy up Albert Bell, Oh no. I Go, oh Shit, son of a bitch. That's That. So I said, you know what? Piss on it. And first pitch smoked him.


He just dropped the bat and stared at me. I'm like, oh boy, that's scary. I go, it's on. Yeah, it's coming. And he just, he walked all the way to first base and stared at me the whole time. And so obviously thank God I was a lefty. Yeah. Because I got him right here on my side and I'm like doing I think like two pitches later. Double play. Yeah. So it was, he wasn't a very fast runner. But then he's walked, he's gotta come by the mound. I'm just kind of, I stepped away from the mouth just to see what he was gonna do. And I watched him walk all the way into the dugout and he went over to Doug Lin and grabbed him by his throat and just started shaking. I was like, that's a man that knows baseball. That's, that's because he knows, knows that guy Got hurt. Yeah. Yeah. I remember that clip. I didn't, I didn't remember the reason why he grabbed his teammate by the throat.


That being Right. They were talking about that was a smart Player. Yeah. He just had bad, You know, he temper Well no, he just had antics from like, he'll run like 20 yards past, you know, ground ball. He'll run 20 yards past first base and then off with the helmet. Leave it there and make the first base. Know Come and get He that kind of shot. There was, There's egg like a Halloween kid. Yeah. Well he got, he got mad. No, he got mad. This is in Baltimore. I did too. There's a lot of punks out There. He got mad because no, it wasn't, it wasn't punk. He got mad 'cause some kids egged his house. Yeah. And, and then I think he chased him like on a bike, which is kicked their ass. Oh, I've done that. Have you? I've Done that. Kids egging and, and toilet, toilet paper. Toilet in your house. Oh hell yeah.


What did you say to him when you catch It? We had a catch 'cause my wife bought me a pitcher and a catcher. Big bronze in the front yard. She bought that from me years ago. And the Halloween kids took it and they took it like three blocks away and put 'em in somebody else's yard. Well I found out who the kids was. He scared the daylights outta him. You chased him down? I chased him down, but I didn't get 'em. They peeled off and I chased the wrong kids. 'cause I didn't know. 'cause they had golf carts and they had our thing. Yeah. But I did get some of the kids that were there and, and they were scared shitless. But they're little kids. But you grab 'em and you're just like, you know, I'm gonna kill you. I'm gonna beat your ass and all that. But then we found out who it was and went over there and you just have a, a talking and say, you know what?


I see you on my property again. I'm gonna shoot you. Yeah, Yeah. Getting chase down by David. Wells is not fun. Not something I want not fun. I would shoot a little Kid. Yeah. Okay. But like five, he, If he's adult, if he's 18 or over you, you're gonna get your ass. Whoop. I love that. There, there was, but Now nowadays you shoot him because our whole world's going to shit. But, but back in then he just beat the shit out of him. There, there was, I got my ass kicked plenty times. So back at you One time, Albert Bell got hit by a pitch and then he told the umpire didn't hit him because he wanted to stay in the box and try to get on him. Run. Yeah. Damn. The all time moments. Smart Guy. Yeah. A lot of guys did that. I hit me. Was there any hitter that you, I don't wanna say you were afraid of. 'cause you obviously, I don't think you're the kind of guy that was never afraid of anybody. Afraid of anyone.


But was there a, a hitter that you Respected or had your number? Mo vn. Yeah, Mo Vaughn Great swing. That's son of a bitch. I couldn't get him out. So I finally told him, I said, Mo, I love you buddy, but you know, if there's anybody on, I'm just gonna hit you. He goes, why? He said, because I can't get you out. I said, and you're a liability on first base. You can't run for shit. So, you know, advantage me. Yeah. And, but yeah, I think he had like eight or nine home runs off me career. Oh. Oh my God. I just tipped my cap. Yeah. And when he would turn on a pitch, I tried to take him out and get him drunk. He Could drink. So didn't, he didn't carry, he was in that lineup the next day. Who's the most underrated player you played with or against that you're like, he he deserves more credit.


Oh my God. Geez. I mean, Paul O'Neill, you know, he, He had a temper player. I think he, he was, I used to love sitting at the end of the bench and he just beat the shit outta that water bottle. And that water jug. I just sit there and get a laugh out of it. But he, I mean he, he had a, he made a good name for himself. But I, I think he, he's he's got good numbers. Yeah. And all that stuff. But yeah, he was, he's a stud. But there, I mean there's so many guys that just, You know, you played with so many guys. Yeah. Which I did. 21 years and 19. There's a lot of guys.


Yeah. You know, that, that played a lot. You know, a lot of guys, there was just a lot of gamers. I mean, who, what was, but to me it's just hard to pick 'em all out. Yeah. What was your favorite city you played for not counting the Yankees? 'cause I know obviously, you know, you loved Babe Ruth and, And Well, San Diego. 'cause I'm from San Diego. Yeah. I got to play there. But, you know, believe it or not, you know, because of the greatest manager of all time, Sparky Anderson. I loved Detroit. Yeah. But to me it was just playing for that guy and just getting the knowledge that he gives you. You know, he helped me tremendously Through my career. Yeah. Yeah. So what, yeah, what was different about him than every other manager that you had? He Cared for, he cared about you, he wanted you to succeed.


But he's just so wise and his wisdom and, and he would just tell you, we'd sit, sit, come here, sit next to me. He'd just say, watch these hitters and all that. And he just explained stuff to you. But he would do it with everybody on the team. You know, Joe Tory. It was that circle of trust and we were way the hell up here. We weren't even close. He didn't treat everybody the same. Yeah. You know, CDO Gaston, you know, I hated him as a manager. I love him as a, as a person. but we never saw eye to eye. We got, we went, got into it. But, you know, I didn't see, I don't, I didn't think he treated everybody fair. You know, there's a few managers that didn't. Jim Zi was a great manager.


He was a player's manager. But you know, Bruce b he was great. You know, a lot of good managers, but there's just some that just didn't really, I wouldn't, I, I don't think I could have played for Tony Larussa because he was kind of the same way. Could have partied with him. What's That? Could have partied with him. Yeah. I probably wouldn't have though. But, you know, I respected him as a man. A lot of guys liked him, but I wasn't a big fan. Just watching him and hearing all the horror stories about it. So, but you know, he's, he's a legend. Yeah. He did a lot of good things for the game of baseball. What about umpires? Did you get along with some of 'em or Some Very few. Yeah. But some, but I hated the rest of 'em. Who Was the your most hated?


Al Clark. Okay. Yeah. Douche bag of all time. He was terrible. Kenny Kaiser. He was, he was a tough son of a bitch. I got in a few altercations with him. Did you ever try to make nice with him? Just like smooth things over? See if that was You tried to, you tried to. Tim McClellan, the guy who called my perfect game. He was terrible, terrible part. Terrible. But that day he was good. Yeah. He had no choice. I was good too. What about Joe West? Did you ever get in with Him? Cowboy Joe? He was, I just, he's one that kind of intimidated me because he really was a big boy. Yeah. Because you just do that.


And he just was like, you know, I I, I run into Joe from time to time and, you know, I just, just keep your mouth shut because you're not gonna last long with Joe West. Just, you know. And he, he was a big boy. That's the One man that you're afraid of. Is Joe West. He Flipped the script on you A Little bit. Yeah, A little bit. But you know, I, I respected him, but he just, you know what, for me, I threw strikes. So with these umpires, they changed their strike zone late in the game. And, that was a strike early in the game. And then it's not, that's where I had the problem. Right, Right. What do you think about robot s No, I, I think, 'cause you know what, If, you look back and you look at replay, they get it right. Like high percentage of the time they do get it right.


But they do get it wrong along. And then that's what I think replay should, you know, comes in. Yeah. You know, they do that. But to me it's, you know, as much as I hate umpires, I would say Yeah. But I think it just takes the integrity away from The game. The human element. Yeah. Yes. Was there, what's the meanest thing you said to an emph that got you kicked out? Or a story about getting kicked out of a game? Call 'em a piece of shit or something Like that. That's it. Yeah. Not me. I, I really didn't, I got kicked out of not a whole lot of games, but a few just, you know, just for just calling 'em, calling 'em out, showing 'em up. And that's one thing that they, they didn't like. Yeah. Yeah. So, Yeah. Yeah. What about when you were batting, when you went up to bat? Bat? I hated the bat. Did you? Yeah. You were what, 1 23 career?


Something around there? Maybe lower, who Knows? Yeah. Would you like make an effort, go into the box or just be like, I'm gonna stand Here? I would say anything if like, if they called me on some crappy pitches, then I would say, well, I hope I get those. Yeah. Well that's the wrong thing to say. 'cause then I got happened to me in Miami. Sheffield hit a grand slam off me. And, but before that happened, it was a situ, no, it was my first at bat. And I had pitches, I threw for strikes, And, that was right. And then Sheffield hits a grand slam. And then I come up and I'm like, and then he calls a pitch like that far out and I go, wow.


I go, I guess I threw that same pitch to Sheffield and then should have been strike three instead I got a grand slam and I got thrown outta the game. I got thrown out, but we got rained out so that game didn't count. Oh, there you go. Sheffield's Granny didn't. And I tell him that all the time. That's Perfect. That's one grand slam. You'll never get back. Oh boy. That's perfect. Alright, so we, this has been awesome. We got a couple last questions by the way. We, we are at the American Century Championship, like I said. Awesome. This is the 35th annual championship of celebrity golf. And they've raised 8 million for charity. It's awesome event. Ton of people here. Who do you think, knowing all the golf games, who, who is the best golfer you've played with here that has a chance to actually win?


I mean, you, you, you look at Marty Fish, he's on fire right now. He won in Maine. He's, I always, you know, I, I love Mark Mulder. He's, he's a stud. He's won it here a few times. He's fun to watch. Is Molte playing? Molte is, I talked to Molte yesterday and he's playing. I go, how you playing? He goes, I'm playing really well. But you know, I just, I I put, you know, they're low because they're low odds. Try to find someone who's got better odds and you throw a couple hundred bucks. Yeah. You know, you got some good beer money. So, but, but yeah. Those, you know, those, those guys right there are, you know, you want to see win. But I, I like watching the underdogs guys that just come from behind and, you know, get lucky.


A lot of pictures on that. But Marty is just so good. Yeah. He's just so, and he hits it so far. And he's, he's spot on. He's just very seldom does he make a mistake out there. Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing. Yeah. The other question I had was the trainers, you mentioned your weight. Would you ever pay off the trainers? Oh yeah. To make them change your weight Damn straight. I did. What would you, what would you give them? I'd take care of 'em. Yeah. I'd take care Of them and just be like, Hey, make sure you change that number a little bit. Yeah. Or I would doctor, so the old school scales that you do the bottom and then you do the top. Well, back here they had a a underneath, they had a thing. So I would, so before I'd weigh ins, I would go in there when they weren't looking. And I would hit that son of a bitch and I would put it to like two pounds to the t to where I'd get on there and they'd see it and they'd go, okay, you're under.


And then I was doing that. I would just had hit it back. Do I. Love that. Oh yeah. That's Smart. Did did you ever take like the, the diet aspect seriously? 'cause I know there was an article that you weren't thrilled about in Sports Illustrate at one point that just, Well, I never did the story. So, yeah. So that Jeff Guy, whoever they went and did the rocker. Yeah. He followed me around for two weeks, told him, get the hell away from me. He was a douche bag. So I just, so no, but that, that was a story that was blemished or whatever. But you know, I was a big dude. The reason why I didn't care about my weight or anything, 'cause when we had the strike in 94 really pissed me off. 'cause we had a few of them. That's another, that's another 10, 10 15 wins maybe. Yeah. And so, so, and, and I went through what, what three, four strikes.


And to me it was just, the owners didn't care. So I didn't care. So piss on and I actually, it benefited me 'cause I got better. Yeah. I got better. And, and they're like, you don't look good on the, I don't give a shit what I look like. What is the results? What looks, is what you wanna look at. Yeah. Not, not what I look like. I don't have to look good in the lobby. Got games, I just, fat guys win too. You know. That's, that's A good point. Yeah. You know, I always tell 'em, I'm fat, you're ugly and I can diet it. So Have a nice day. You know, you don't run the ball the plate. So, but I was for big guy, I still filled my position. Yeah. Yeah. So to me that was something that I didn't care. But then, you know, but as you get older and, and I see the reasoning as you get older, your body breaks down.


And you know, like I said, I, I need a knee surgery, just had my shoulder down. But that my, I would see my knees and my back from my weight, but not my shoulder. Yeah. I mean you still played 21 years. But I Threw, yeah. But I threw a lot of pitches. Yeah. The, I think the longevity I think speaks for itself. You, you just had the shoulder done. Do you think you could still dial it up now though? Like how fast Did you pitch? No, I, I mean, I couldn't break a window from two feet The last 12 years. I couldn't throw a ball from here to the back of the room. And now I can throw a ball to the back of the room. But I, I'm just not a hundred percent still. I'm like 60, 65%. You know, I can get out there and golf and swing it and it's fine. But, you know, throwing to me to throw there. So like on 17 this week I can go out there and now I can throw a ball back for the last, you know, five, six years.


I just walked down there and I'm getting booed 'cause I can't throw the ball back to him. Yeah. So now I can throw a football back to him. I can throw baseball, whatever, you know, and it's to me, I'm, I'm back. Good. Good. That's big time bad. You're throwing it, be able to throw it 30, 40 feet. I'm Back. You're talking yourself down. Let's pencil David. Wells in as a dark horse this week. No. Yes. Yeah. Don't do it. Please don't do that. Yes. Save your money. No, no. Save your money. Come on. Why not you? Dude, there's a bunch of hookers walking down the street. They're pretty hot. Save your money. Go get a hooker. If. you, If you win. I will, I will get a hooker. How about that? Well, I hope I don't, I say you don't get one. I'm Not gonna say what I'm gonna do with the hooker. You can't get it on your own. Boy. There's something wrong With you. No. I'll, I'll, I'll just talk to her.


Know, she'll be my therapist for an hour. Yeah, I bet. I bet you you don't last an hour. You'd be a threes. Yeah. You'll be a three pump chump. They got it. Can last so long in bed. You don't understand. Do you think, why do you think they, they're there for re because they got mad skills. They're Professionals. Professionals. Alright.


So I had one last question is Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Awesome. Golf gear. QIPs polos hoodies joggers Rollback dot com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Go right now.


Alright, so my last question. That was good. Thank you. Yeah. Appreciate that. The, you're a collector of some really cool memorabilia in baseball history. What's your most prized possession or what's the one thing that you're like, this is the thing I just love looking at. Well, I have a ball here and it's Babe Ruth. I got Hank Aaron, I got Barry Bonds to sign it. I'm gonna get Albert Ol when he's there. Wow. 700 Home run club. I wish Arod would've got it. 'cause then that would've been five guys. Yeah. But four. I thought I I I thought he was gonna get a, it's a bummer he didn't. But but to have four, 700 home run guys on a ball, it's the only one.


That's Incredible. It's the only one in existence that I know of. Yeah. And You mean it's not gonna they're not gonna make one of those. Nope. Yeah. And I have another baseball that's got Hank Aaron and Babe Ruth on it. Wow. And those signatures are awesome on it. Yeah. Because when, when Hank Aaron says, are you sure you want me to, he's like, damn straight I want you. That's incredible Decided. 'cause it's, it's just cool. I have a bunch of Babe Ruth baseball's just solo ones and then Hank Aaron Balls. I have solo. But How pissed was Joe Torry when he wore the Babe Ruth hat so mad. Which is the cool, you wore the same hat that Babe Ruth wore in Yankee Stadium to pitch the first inning So mad. He fined me 2,500. Why, why tell him a tool and all that? Because he's a tool. No, no. I'm saying why was he mad?


It makes no sense. That's what I said. I said tell him don't be so shallow, Joe. Yeah. I said if anybody would've respected it, it should have been you. Right? Yeah. Because you're such a big baseball and a and a and a New York fan, a Yankee fan. And he did that. I just, he just hated me. Yeah. So That's, that's the reason why That's Yeah. That seems like something he should have loved. Yeah. That's, that's the most respectful thing you could do with that hat As long as you win. If David Cohen already would've been fine. Wait, wait, how'd you do in that inning? I got out of it and when, as soon I take it off. I didn't get, I didn't get to the out of the third inning. Yeah. Yeah. So you should kept it on against me. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. Well, boomer, this has been awesome man. We loved having you on. You, you are a legend and appreciate it.


And go win this tournament this weekend. I'm just gonna go have fun. No expectations. What's Your, what's your goal for, for shooting this weekend? For three try at 15 points. Okay. Yeah. 15 points. Okay. I'll be happy with 15 points. What does that mean? I in the good. Okay. Not behind. Not where Charles Barkley and Cable guy and those guys are at. Yeah. You know, I, I wanna be in the positive, not the negative. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, we can make that happen. You can Win it. I can I played really well last year. You need To believe in Yourself. Would You trust me? I believe in myself. Yeah. But I don't have as many rounds as these other guys do. Maybe we get some. So my, now I got, now I got full rotation. What if we got some and I don't know what to do with it. My body's all jacked up.


And don't, we don't have to include this ball every podcast, but what if, what if we got you some steroids? Yeah. You said you always wish that you would Done em. Let Yeah. What? Well, I, I can take whatever the hell I want now. You should get what If we got some old Hell's Angels guys to just roll up when, when your competition is teeing off. So I just go and and just scare the shit out of everybody. Yeah. Just Little rev the edge in right before, Well, I don't think they would scare anybody. Now they're all old guys. That's true. These guys in their like seventies, eighties now they're on, they're on Mopeds and Yeah. I'd have to get the younger generation. Yeah, You got the Rascal scooters that they're driving around. Yeah. Literally in the chopper bunch. Yeah. If I If you could read this. The bitch fell off on The back. Yeah. No, this, you know, it's just guy, there's guys out here that are just so good. Yeah, I, I saw Adam.


I keep saying Thon. Adam Thilan. So Adam Thilan and he's, he's a sleeper To win this. He wants to win too. Yeah. And I, on on the 10th hole today, he hit, he hit a little iron and he hit about 300 down the middle. I went, oh boy. And that And that well exceeds my driver. Yeah. My driver's like two 50. Two 60. Yeah. So. Yeah. So you can do It. Well Boomer, I appreciate the confidence. Yeah, Thank you so, so much man. Yep. We appreciate it. Got it.


David Wells is brought to you by Chevy. As everyone knows, this is a Chevy truck podcast, the greatest trucks ever built. And our good friends at Chevrolet have been a big part of the part of my take story from the Silverado helping us dig the biggest hole ever dug in Ohio during grit week to Silverado partnering with us to give college fullbacks all the rightful recognition they deserve with the Lowman Award. They also powered our nonstop cross country trip to the Super Bowl in LA behind the wheel of a Chevy Silverado Silverado has been a part of it all. We were driving around a Chevy today, did a sick, sick wake boarding video that's gonna come out soon using a Chevy truck to get us there. And that's sponsored by Chevy Chevy, Silverado, long time awesome partner of the show with truck, with commanding unstoppable grit, legendary capability and dependability too. So find out for yourself like so many other awls. Go to chevy.com, check out all the Chevy truck grit. Build your own Silverado for do-it-yourself projects, road trips, offroad adventures to tailgates. Whatever your thing is. It all starts with a Chevy truck.


Okay, let's finish off with PardonMyTake. Your take. Who's reading them? I am. Alright, you're gonna nail this. Hey dad. Kat balding. PFT summertime Hank loser Max and Jet Man memes. I'm not balding, I'm bald. Would you rather don't say you can't, that's that's, that's that's my Culture. Yeah. There's a lot of bald people that he'd be very upset About. I'm not bald yet. Would you rather have to get a tattoo of your rival team every time they win a championship? But know your team would win one championship at some point in your lifetime. Or have hope every year till getting bounced in the first run of the playoffs and have a too early championship tattoo not pan out. Mm. I would say getting the tattoo for your rival because the, who's the commander's biggest rival?


The Cowboys. Yeah. So I'm fine with that. Well, could you do it If? you could do it anywhere. Like you just, if I had a Packer's tattoo on the bottom of my foot, I think you'd probably, and you get one guaranteed Super Bowl. I mean I, any of these are like, hey, one guaranteed Super Bowl. Yeah. Okay, cool. What would you say Hank? Nah. Point. You have too many. Yeah. You got backup championships. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You won backup championships. I Mean, if it was beat New York, it's like they haven't, they can't even make the playoffs. They have 12 teams of fucking state fuck three down football.


But the NFL should introduce CFL pre-amp motion to rules to allow receivers to take running starts. Not only would it open up the game, but it would inevitably take us one step closer to having a football savant come in with rugby. Like plays that would change the game forever. Okay. I like that. Imagine a QB in shotgun with two backs plus tight ends and RBS on either side of him able to run either direction, go lateral madness. Wait, I don't, I can't imagine what he just said. I, I don't even Understand. Also, I, I think in the CFL you only can have one guy, right? You can have one guy and I think he gets like five yards. You can't imagine it. You just can't imagine it. No. Have you ever watched a CFL game? I'm, I'm trying. I'm trying.


Hank You're thinking of everybody. He's just watching a snap and then everyone's moving. Yeah, I guess. I think that's what they kind of do. That's what they do. That's what Tyreek Hill does every fucking play. Well there's a guy in motion, but no, the, in CFL you can literally run and like run towards the line of scrimmage. So you, you're like full. That's What Tyreek Hill does every time. Oh, he Runs sideways. You're allowed to run, run sideways and then you bend it at the last second. Right. Got it. Do you Get it? No. I'll have to watch. I'm a visual learner. Don't get it. I'm a visual learner. I I I like it in theory, but it's like so hard for defenses already. It's just adding another thing that would suck for them. Yeah. You You'd have to give them something. Yeah. Like if one defender got a knife. Yeah. Yeah. Then one defender got to be off sides once every four downs.


Yeah. Yeah. That would be awesome. Remember when you, you do that like in, in Madden you just stand next to the kicker to the holder. Yeah. And even though you'd get called off sides, you just fucking block the shit out of it. It actually might be a good idea. If, you're allowed to have every receiver in motion, then you have a snap count and you have to snap it on zero. Yeah. So the linemen know exactly when the ball's gonna be snapped. Yeah. Okay. Everyone envisions themself as a pro athlete at some point or time. So, if you could choose any moment in sports history to actually live out, what would it be and why? Also go Giants. Their time is coming. I think I would wanna be Jesse Owens and just win gold medal Right.


In Hitler's face. I don't know. And then you come back to the US No, you didn't let Finish. Not really a hero. You didn't. Lemme finish. Oh. And I would kill hit Of all the people. I would him all the people. I Would kill Hitler while I was there. Kill Hitler. I would like to be part of the 1980 Olympic team. 'cause then you're a legend forever. Yeah. Like those guys are all, No one, no one knows Jesse Owens. Good point. That's pretty damn good. No, but like, they didn't also have to face like, insane amounts of racism and, and probably live tough. You know, that's a, he's a hero, but that's like, that's a tough, tough life. But we're, I think we're just talking about the sporting event, right? Yeah. I don't Know. Super. Any moment in sports history to actually live out. What would it be and why?


Yeah. Super Bowl maybe. I'm trying to think what would be I'd Joe Carter walk off home run. That's pretty good to win the World Series. But would you do the same? I would be pretty sick. Would you do the same like skip dance that he did afterwards? No, definitely not. That was kind of weird. Yeah, that would, yeah. Maybe walk off home run to win the World Series. That'd be sick. That would be fucking awesome. Actually. I don't wanna, I don't want to make this guy. Well the, the Joe Carter home run was against Phillies, so I don't wanna make Max happy. But Chris Jenkins hitting a three to win March Madness is pretty fucking sick. That's pretty sick. Like any buzzer beater. Any final, like final, like second to win a championship is insane.


Yep. Insanity. All right. One with this. Was that, was that a dig? No, that's just, that'd be cool at New York sports culture. That was a great moment. That was Basically a banner. Yeah. Like yeah. He captured the hearts of the, of the world. Yeah, That'd be fun. Fact. Yeah. Last one is the celebratory teammate as slap disappearing from sports? No. We might have to ask some of the guys this week. I don't think so. They, we need, we need to know from, you know, the players that are on the field. We'll ask Blake and Josh, What sports do you think has the highest amount of ass laps?


I think it's baseball. BA Baseball for sure. Baseball for sure. Football probably second. But Yeah, football. Football's definitely up there. Yeah. Football's not, but baseball, that's how they shake hands. Yeah. Wwn. BA Do they ask that? I don't know. Why not? What do they tit slap? Just bump. Yeah. Chest bump. Do you, has there ever been A-W-N-B-A player who got hurt from that? They probably don't do it. They probably, yeah, they do The side side hit thing. Side one. Yeah. Yeah. Be like if we did dick bumps, Actually chest bumps might be gone. They, no one does a straight up chest to chest, chest bump.


That's not cool anymore. I think baseball's got the most celebrations for everything. Yeah, that's true. Like those guys chest bump, ass slap handshake. They do. That's, that's just their day-to-day lives. That's true. Okay, great. Show boys. Let's kick it back to ourselves in studio for numbers. Okay, let's wrap up the show numbers. 8 20 19 56. 19. Does It make you mad that I take 20 max? You what? 19 Nick. I'm, I'm at a position, position where I'm fucked either way. 'cause if 56 or 20 show up, It's Yeah, you really shouldn't done that. It doesn't matter. Have you ever gotten in max Three? No. Shane, I've, I've also accepted that. I'm just never going to get it. So It's whatever.


Okay. Oh shit. Now that makes me think he's gonna get it. Shane, what are you wearing? Charger with Crew Neck. Oh. Have you made a decision? I have made a decision and I just wanna clarify, is it just the Chargers team store? Or it can be just Like we can find other stuff I'm in. Okay, let's go. So we'll, we'll sit down. You and I, we could maybe do a pm TV. Okay. And we'll just go on a fucking shopping spree. Yeah. And then everything you buy, you have to wear at least one of those pieces of clothings on any first date. And Do, I have to like post these pictures anywhere or I would like 'em for my personal files. Just text it to you. Yeah, you can. And then we'll post it. Shane, word of advice. You gotta get something with Taz on it. Yeah. Taz as a charger would Be awesome.


Taz or Tweety Bird. Okay. Yeah, I'm Do I mean you're helping me out, so, okay. And I just am I Yeah, you just said we're gonna sit down and do it. You're gonna help me like pick stuff Out. Yeah, I know, but you're still, you still have to go on every first date wearing a charger or something. Wait, Do you think that it's not, it's not like I haven't done that before. Do you think that Big Hat's gonna be like your stylist here? The way he said that he is like, you're gonna help me out. We're gonna sit down and we're gonna, We're literally just gonna be like, I want this shirt. Okay, cool. Yeah. Big. Cat wears some nice stuff sometimes. Oh, thank you. I'm always up for, oh, I always up for some, some other plays. What? You're Paint black shirts. What about, Lemme see. Alright. Hank. Oh Hank. He wears a flannel.


Hank Literally you just have been wearing bar stool store stuff every day. Dr. The Truth Chargers Just wears championships. Bar store stuff. Every day is The best bar. Yeah. Bar store stuff is the best bar. Winning a championship. New. New Coors Light Mountains are blue merch love is fantastic. Shane? Yes. I have just found an incredible Chargers fedora that you can wear to one of these dates. No. What do you mean? No, I mean I, you said I get to choose. I'm not going for Dora on it. Why wouldn't you go fed Dora? I can't go for class it up. What? If you go to like a jazz club. It wouldn't have happen. What about Charger's, pants? What? Yeah, I would What about a boatman costume?


The Full bolt man. I mean we're just moving the goalposts here. This is, Well you gears had to expect that to happen. You said you, You agreed to the deal. Now you're in my hands buddy. You said we're one Chargers thing now it's a full bolt man. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. No we're gonna, we're gonna get cra What Would be the biggest red flag for, for Shane to show up? Like a jersey that a guy shows up for a first date for on the Chargers. I would think maybe Sean Merriman. I don't know if that's a, I mean maybe, maybe a little if You're wearing a lights out jersey to a first date. What about junior sale and you only talk about junior sale suicide the whole time? My That shirt I wore out the other night was a junior sail shirt. Had his number on The back. Oh wow. Oh that's not as cool of a shirt I thought then, I mean that's disrespectful.


It Was a cool shirt. Was it? Yeah, it was a cool shirt. And also Jersey. And also Hank said the other day that I was a double xl. I just wanna clarify, triple in in case the charges do send something. I'm just an XL Triple. It was mean Double xl. Okay, number same again real quick. 2019. 3 8 56, 21, 72. Love you guys Talking away today to find Away.


Oh, I'll be coming for your love Away. Oh, I'll be coming for your love. Take Me.


Life is okay. Say after Me. It better to be, say, better to be, say.