
Hey Pardon. my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music On. today is Pardon My Take. We have a twofer for the people. We have Derek. Carr an interview we thought we'd never do. Yeah, but it was awesome. He's A great guy. We are Derek Carr fans now. Great interview with him. Got some awesome stories. Talked about his career. We also have our good friend Shane Bacon on to preview the open championship. You thought this was gonna be the worst week in sports, but we have the open championship. We get to wake up at, I think 4 0 9 on Thursday to watch Max Homa play.


We're Gonna do a choose your own adventure of the All-Star game. We have the Mount Rushmore that will probably piss the most people off 'cause we're gonna do the Mount Rushmore of movies or shows that we have not seen. This is gonna make people very, very angry. I don't know how they're gonna react in the voting process if they're gonna see like, really all time classics that we pick and get mad at Us. Yeah. And then vote against us. Yeah. And not Vote For us. Yeah. But it's gonna be great. And then we're gonna do Hot Seat. Cool. Terone, we have guys on Chicks packed show for you on Wednesday.


And we're brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. It's finally here. Best Ball Week at DraftKings. Here's why it's a big deal. DraftKings Best Ball Millionaire Contest is their biggest fantasy contest ever. We're talking 15 million guaranteed prize pool with two. That's right. Two millionaires being crowned for first and second place. If you're a set it and forget it type, then best ball is for you. No wave wires, no roster management, bigger rosters. So injuries won't end your season. Only the draft. And that's it. You're set for the season. I actually did my first best ball draft on Monday and I'm hooked. It is so awesome. You draft 20 players and it's the best player. That week is just automatically goes to your starting lineup. You don't have to set anything, you don't have to add drop. There's no trades. It's just drafting and letting it go. So if you're still not convinced, check this out. This year's DraftKings is offering everyone a draft one get one special. Your $20 entry fee scores you a bonus ticket. Best Ball Week is here. Download the DraftKings app. Use code take. That's code take for all customers who enter the NFL Best Ball 15 million Millionaire contest to get a bonus ticket and get a shot at being crowned one of two millionaires. It's best Ball Week only on DraftKings Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and Wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs.


Okay, let's go. Down. Down. It's Pardon My Take ISN by Barstool Sports.


Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Best Ball week is here. Download the DraftKings app. Use code take. That's code take for all customers who enter the NFL Best Ball 15 million Millionaire contest to get a bonus ticket and get a shot at being Crown one of two millionaires. It's best Ball Week only on DraftKings.


Today is Wednesday, July 17th. And I'm gonna say it right now, boys. The Home Run. Derby's officially dead. And here's why. We've talked about it in the past. The home run Derby has lost its luster. The Juice Ball Home Run Derby. The way this the format was set, the Home Run Derby is dead because all it took was one horrific national anthem to steal the night. Yeah. That was a, a tough way to get it started. Very tough way. And That's the story though, of the home run Derby was that national Anthem. The story was how bad, I mean, shut Donald Trump getting his ear shot off. Maybe had the right idea. Didn't have to listen to that. Oh Man, that was bad. I, I didn't tweet that out last night. Oh good. I didn't. I thought about it and then I saw the memes happen and I was like, okay, now it's a safe space to do it.


Yeah. It's the Clay Thompson ear bleeding. It's a ear bleed. It was, it was horrific. It was, who was it? It was awful. I don't know. But apparently she's, she's been nominated for several Grammy awards. What? Yeah, it's, it seemed like a prank in real time. It really did it because it And it also, it was so bad. It was one of those videos, If, you pulled it up on your phone and started playing it. People would look and be like, are you watching porn? Yeah. Because there was like some shrieks in there. Ingrid and Dress. Oh, Ingrid. That's tough. Yeah. And then the end when she tried to really do something at the end with the scoops, it was awful. The home run derby itself stunk to it was bad. We, I mean, there's countless ways that you can improve the home run derby.


We just wanna see all the dingers. Yeah. We wanna see the ball hit the bat. We wanna see the ball sail. We wanna see it land. And then we want to wait for the next pitch. Yes. Is that so hard to do? It shouldn't be that hard to fix this. No. Shout out the Oscar Hernandez. Yeah. The Oscar Hernandez. L Oscar. Yeah. Had a, had a great night. Yeah. Winning the Home Run Derby, Pete Alonzo Bad Night. And that's all he cares about. Yep. But yeah, it was, I, I don't know. I I wish I, Homer derby used to mean something, man. We sound like old men. But I feel like it's the truth. It is the truth. Our, I think our idea that we had last year was one of the best, which is If, you test positive for steroids. You can get out of your suspension by winning the home derby. By winning the hormone and derby.


Yeah. Breaking moose. Give us a cow Max. Is that woo Woo woo. So we already taped earlier today, but the national anthem, Ingrid Andres released a statement saying, I'm not gonna bullshit y'all. I was drunk last night. I'm checking myself into facility today to get the help I need. That was not me last night. I apologize to MOB. All the fans in this country. I love so much for that rendition. I'll let y'all know how rehab is. I hear it's super fun. Hopefully she gets better. Also incredible move because now this goes down. Like if she gets better, it goes down as like the funniest, coolest national anthem ever.


This is how I knew to turn my life around. Yeah. Because I made America weep. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. I, I hope she's good. She says, see you in rehab here. It's fun. Oh. So I don't know if that's, if that's accurate or not. I don't know who Feels like not a good step about rehab. Yeah. If I screwed up the national anthem, this would be a good PR 1 0 1 move though. And. it, it's always a great move. Just whenever you screw anything up to say I'm seeking treatment. Right. I need to, I need to work on myself. I'm seeking treatment. But yeah, that was, I mean at least now we have an explanation for it. Because that would've been bad for her singing career if that was actually her. Yeah. And, and also in the actual home run Derby Max, was there controversy in, in your Phillies guy losing the semi-finals?


Yeah. Well are you talking about the foul ball? Well, I'm talking about that and also the format. I don't, I didn't, I don't know. I heard a rumor that they did a Different derby act. I didn't, that They did a different format than they were supposed to. Do I don't know if that's true Or not. Oh, I didn't know that. I did not know that. Yeah. And the foul ball didn't really seem that controversial, but I didn't hear that, so I just kind of guessed. Oh, well he had a home run. His last swing of like the regular round was close to being a home run, but it was pretty clearly Foul. I think some, some Philly people thought that it was supposed to be a 62nd swing off in the semifinals. Ah. But MLB changed it to just what, three swings. They screwed Schwarber the other year. They did? Yeah. Yeah. So this is, they got it out for Philly. Okay. That was breaking moves back to what we were talking about.


And then we have the All Star game, which we'll choose your own adventure. 'cause we're going to hit some dingers tonight. Paul Skees was electric. He was, Shout out MLB by the way, for actually doing the right thing and having Paul Skees start this game. Well, Rob Manfred said that if they didn't make the right decision, they would've stepped in. Yeah. So apparently the manager made the call. That's A, but then that's Rob Manford trying to get credit for something that he, that that's bullshit. I Would've done it too. Yeah. Is what Rob Manfred said. They Did. They screwed it on the al side because the al future al si young Tq Scobel is not starting. And he is going to be the al si young as that guy sent me the envelope. What are you laughing about? Oh, I said Per you In Detroit? Yeah. Per no, well, not per me not biased. Yeah. Per the guy who gave me the envelope that said bet him right now.


He is the odds on favor right now. Nice. Yeah. So he's having a great year. Did the NL win, how many years a row Is it? The NL nine and one Al I think in the last 10. Yeah. The NL did not win. Sadly tonight. Damnit, it's hard to win on the road. It's hard to win on the road. Hostile Crowd. Alright, so That's, that's another, another loss for the nl. Brutal. I, you know what I'm gonna say, the NL won. That way we can cover both our bases. You think they, they broke the streak this Year. Yeah, they broke. I don't know what the streak is at right now. What is it at? And I also, It's just been dominance, Losing streak. I do think they won one. Oh no, they won. They, they, they won one la they won last year.


Right? I think the streak was over last year. It was nine games in a nine years in a row. The Midsummer Classic. Who could forget? Yeah. They slapped in. Yeah. How could we forget last year the NL won. So, so a al's gonna win. Yeah. Yeah. Al's gonna win. Al's gonna win. Max is looking it up right now. By the way. We have our intern starting on Wednesday. Correct. Tomorrow. Today. Today. Today. Very excited to introduce him to you. He's gonna have to, because 'cause we, we obviously, you know, Jake left. We, we need someone who's on their computer who's going just be like, and this guy, by the way, I don't think this kid, he's not gonna be able to do that. But he's going to at least give us moments where we're like, okay, based on His past, I don't think we should allow him near a computer.


Yes, that's correct. We'll have him tell the story when he gets debuted on Friday. We'll, we'll, we'll we'll introduce him to the audience. And he, he had one story that, that basically hooked us for life based on content. But the, yeah. So the NL won last year. Who could forget? We obviously knew that, but the al had won nine in a row before that. So the streak is over. Al's back on top. Al's back on top. New streak. And a new streak begins right now. Oh, maybe A new streak starts with the nl. I'm back on the nl. You Think the NL is, it's flipped. This Has been some really interesting talk bigger Bases. PFT before we get to our Mount Rushmore and our Hot Seat cool throne. I was, I, I was, you know, cruising around the internet, trying to find some, some sports stuff going on.


This is the deadest week in, in the sports calendar by far. And that means that ESPN will do something that, you know, remember when they ranked states, I believe was it, was it states? Did they do states? Because I've got a, I've ranked states before, I can't remember. They did SVP did something back in the, in the day where it was either states or license Plates, whatever. Who's now, who's now was one of 'em. They're Doing the, the top a hundred actions. That was What I was gonna bring up. So top 100 professional athletes since 2000. And they released numbers 51 through 60 Today. American Pharaoh, Alex Ovechkin, 54. Okay. How do we feel about that? Also, which makes you don respect hockey.


That that one's Derek. This is a great hat tip to ESPN, an incredible engagement troll move. They ranked Derek Jeter 53 and that would get people very upset. But then you remember he won the majority of his championships in the nineties. In the Nineties. Yeah. So that was a, that was a savvy, savvy move by them. Takes out the meat of his career. Yeah. They should have done like MJ 100. That's Bullshit. That's bullshit. That Ovy is so far down. Like Hank said, it's disrespectful to hockey, it's disrespectful to the entire country of Russia. The man is about to surpass Wayne Gretzky for the top goal score of all time in the NHL. What hockey Players would be above him?


I don't know. But they also ranked, he, he was above two soccer players. Why do we have soccer in this? Luca Marick and Alexia Patels. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. It's garbage. Why would we JJ Watt 58. That's gotta make you feel a little better. Yeah. JJ Watt. He he should be higher though. I know. That's what I'm saying. It should make you feel better about Ovechkin. 'cause JJ Watt is very, very good. Well, These lists are designed to make you mad. Yes. That's what they exist for. It's like, oh, they have track And field. When Apple did their top 10 albums of all time, and I think they had Frank Ocean, head of Stevie Wonder. Yeah. This is a crazy list. They, they, they've gone every sport. There's, so there's more soccer and track. And Sean White's on there. Mookie bets. Hank 73.


Great player. I don't think there's gonna be a, a single Bryce. Harper's 79. Yeah. These are Chris Paul. 83. Yeah. These are just made to make you mad. We should do ours. Oh, we should Do I have a prediction. Do ours. We should do our top 100. I have a prediction. Yeah. I think e ESPN is gonna put Serena number one. Oh. Just to make people mad. Tiger's gotta be very high. Tiger's gonna be up there. But Tiger also started in the nineties. That's true. But his, The Masters win. Yeah. The dominant Masters win. But the Tiger Slam was in the 2000, Rory was 93. Yeah, I think you're right. I think they'll do Serena. They're Gonna go like Serena won and then like, like the rest of the top 10 is just gonna be the US Women's national team.


Yeah. American Pharaoh should be top 10 Flight line. Yeah. Flight line. Flight line should be number one. You Could forget Conor McDavid is 98. And Ed Reed. Charles Woodson 100. Okay. So yeah. This is gonna make us mad. Yeah, That's fine. They have now hooked me. They've hooked me into it. I gotta see. Do you think they'll do Serena over like Tom Brady? Because Tom Brady also has the perfect, his, his career was literally the last 20 years. Yeah. That it started. 2001, right? Yeah. It should be Tom Brady. Serena Duke in and out for number one overall. And LeBron as well. LeBron also was, so it's, it should be Brady, LeBron, Serena. but it will be Serena, LeBron Brady, Maybe Shanty car.


The cricket player. Yeah. That could, could throw him in there. This will be, this will be spicy. We're How hot does the homes go? I mean, shout out to ESPN for figuring out a way to fill up July. Yeah. Adrian Beltran is 52. This, this right now, today, this is when we should be talking about the N-B-A-N-F-L debate. Yep. This exact day Right now, Austin Rivers should have gone on McAfee Show and dropped that bomb on us. Yep. Got us through two weeks. This is hotdog is a sandwich day. We Wasted two weeks. Yeah. During the NBA playoffs and NHL playoffs when we could just make a meal outta that. We Said it in real time too. Yeah. Said this is not when we're supposed to do this. We're supposed to wait. But Yeah, I'm hooked now.


Now the, the real question is gonna be who is going to be the best male tennis player on the list? Is it Federer? Should be Djokovich. Should be Djokovich. I think we can agree. Nadal last. Yeah. Nadal for sure. Last. It'll Be Federer. Yeah. Which is bullshit because Kovich worked him multiple times and has more. Can he be Raz? He's 16 years older. I know. This is just gonna happen to me. Like the everyone it happened with Feder and Djokovich are a lot closer in age though. Are They gonna have any drivers on there? Are they gonna have any like F1 guys on the list? Yeah. Ever stopping Lewis Hamilton. Hamilton. Yeah. Hamilton Marins Hamilton. Yeah. Lewis Hamilton.


That Sir Lewis Hamilton. Yeah. Sir Lewis Hamilton. Are you Hank? Quick check-in. Are you okay with Jalen Brown and Derrick White? Yeah. Yeah. Why? Because Our NBA Champions, there was a little jab going back and forth. 'cause Jalen Derrick White got on the team. Yeah. Jalen Brown was like, I'm not on the team. And he basically was like, this is bullshit. And but they're also teammates. Yeah. Not afraid of you or your resources. Jalen Brown said the first thing he did was called Derrick White and tell me he loves him. Love that. That's the first thing that he did. What He saw when he woke up that day when he saw the news. Oh. Didn't take a piss When he saw the news. Also, Derrick White is the perfect fit.


And we like Derrick White, the, he's the perfect fit in this, on this team. That he's gonna go and just be a really good teammate. And like, you're the 12th guy now. Not that he won't play, but you want that Right. Right. Bench experience. Like If, you added Kyrie or, or Jalen Brown. It might be a little bit different. Correct. It might not wanna be the 12th guy. It'll be interesting to see in the top 10. How many of those are Nike athletes on the ESPN list? Very interesting. And, and start connecting those dots there. That's very And. it can't just be because Nike has the best athletes on the roster. It's gotta be because Nike's making the call. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Should we do Hot Seat Cool Throw and then get to our Mount Rushmore? Yeah. Again, the worst day in Sports Calendar.


I, I'd agree with that. And the All Star game. It, it is sad because I feel like when we were kids, maybe kids like the Allstar game. Maybe it's just old people never liked the Allstar game. Yeah. Although, no. So I think the all-star game ar got eroded. The all-star game still. The MLB all-star game still is the best all-star game by far. 'cause you can't half-ass throwing 99 miles an hour. So it's still the best. I I I did, I noticed it was the dumbest rule in sports. I did. Like, when it decided Home Field Advantage and the all-star game lost a little bit of its luster when Interleague play happened. Yeah. And you, because that was like the, the cool part of the all-star game is like, you'll never get to see Paul Skees versus Aaron Judge.


Yeah. They probably are gonna play next week. I Think. I think the all-star game fell off for me when Bud Selig ruled at a tie. That too, that one year when he just stood up in the stands and he waved his arms. He said, no, we're done playing right now. That was a bad one. And, and growing up, George W. Bush, our former president, his dream job when he was a kid and even as an adult, was to be commissioner of Major League baseball. If George W. Bush had become commissioner of Major League baseball, the world would be so much better. Baseball would be so much better. Say what you want about the man, the fucking Allstar game's not ending in a tie with George W. Bush. What If that meant Bud Selig was president though? Okay. It could have been worse. It could have been worse. Could've been way worse. Yeah. Way worse. No one gets a bigger pass than Bud Sig.


Bud Selig's terrible. I know. And you feel like he he just, everyone just kind of forgets Bud. Selig sucked. He's also the name Bud does a lot of favors for you. Oh yeah. If your name's Bud, people like you in general. Yeah. He was the, the least Right there in the name. He was the least bud of all time. Yeah. If. you look at Bud Selig. That's not his name. He's he's Enemy. Yeah. He's like a, he's like a Ernie Selig. Yeah. Ernie would've been a good name for Bud. Yeah. He, Ernie Selig would've worked. And then I remember he, he released something, they were doing like a profile on Bud Selig and he was like, yeah, I got my, I get my hair cut once a week every Thursday at the same time. Nice try, bud.


That was, that was not your hair buddy. No, No. You, you couldn't pull a fast one on that. Okay. Let's do Hot Seat Cool Throne


Hot. Seat Cool Throne is presented by Coors Light. You don't have to be selling out stadiums to feel like you're chilling backstage. You just need Coors Light. Coors Light wants to make your summer more chill. With limited edition backstage, six packs curated by some of your favorite artists. Because Music Plus Coors Light equals chill. Amplified Coors Light is the only choice. When you're ready to choose Chill. Coors Light is cold, lager cold filtered, and cold packaged. For a smoother finish, amplify your chill this summer with Coors Light. Choose Chill. Choose Coors Light. Visit coors light.com/summer music to see how Coors Light can amplify your summer. And be sure to keep an eye out on Coors Light Social handles and Coors Light backstage. Six pack.com All summer long for the drops. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado coors light.com. Coors Light. The best beer out there. The coldest beer out there. It's a chill summer. It's Coors Light.


Hank My Hot Seat is Jalen Brown. Oh, why? Oh, That's why you didn't wanna, I thought you were Gonna skirt it. I thought that's what you were bringing up. But I don't know. He is on the Hot Seat. He's really just spitting facts, but you know. Yeah, It's, It's headlines that he probably doesn't want to be involved in it. He was at these Celtics Summer League game last night. It was Celtics Lakers. So they were playing Bronny Junior. And He But Brony Juniors are the Lakers too. Oh yeah. I guess people call it Bro Bronny. No, no. Bronny is his, is his son's name. Give a name. It's in the box score. That'd be wild if Bronny b James Bronny had a kid who was also, is that True? I that's, we talked about that a couple weeks ago.


How it pisses me off that his In the box score, you can look it up And. it says B James. It's like his name is LeBron James. All Right. So Bronny Sr. He was watching Bronny Sr. And they showed him on the sidelines talking to his girlfriend and you could read his lips and he said, I don't think Bronys a pro. Yeah. And then his girlfriend said, yeah, he'll play on the G League though. And he said, I don't think so because of his name. He's gonna be playing for the Lakers. This is all lips being read. Yeah. The G League. You could, you could definitely say, he says, I don't think brownie's a pro. And then the girlfriend definitely says like, you can see or say G League. I couldn't really tell what he said after that.


But I think the way that he said, I don't think bro's a pro isn't that bad for him because he, it's also not wrong. Yeah. It's not wrong. No. And also it's not like he was clowning him. He was like, I don't think this guy's a pro. Yeah. He's Not a pro. Which is probably an accurate, unless we're talking about Call of Duty, in which case shout out to Bronny won the Call of Duty tournament. I Was my cool throne. Yeah. $10,000 cash. Yeah. He won the College College of Duty ver Summer league tournament. Which that wasn't the craziest part. I mean it one, if you're Bronny, you can't win that. Agreed. Like that's just you, you're just gonna get made fun of the fact that you're very good at, at video games and you're not good at, at basketball two. Grant Williams is still playing in Summer league. No, He beat out Bronny for the Summer League title in Call of Duty.


He's probably just there though. You think so? He's Not playing Summer League only two years. I, that's what I thought too. But I saw his name and I was like, why is Grant Williams there? There's gotta Be a different Grant Williams. Right. I'm gonna look, there's a lot of Williams'. I learned there. He, I'm almost Grant Williams. That's true. We have learned there's a lot of Williams. It that would be crazy if he Play there's, it's impossible. Alright. I don't see him on the roster, so maybe he's just there. Yeah. So he's just hanging out. So Jalen Brown, that's what he Does. Okay. Yeah. I guess he's just hanging out. Jalen Brown tweeted out, it's a flex to have your son alongside you in the NBA. It reflects greatness and longevity. Bronny has all the tools around him be successful. I look forward to watching his growth.


So kind of walking it back a little bit there. Okay, so that's what his statement is right now. But his statement Is a flex. He's basically just being like, yeah, LeBron's. Yeah, that's, this is, but he's not a pro. It's all LeBron's ego. That's what this whole thing is. It's, I don't want to, I I don't want to get into the, it's, you know what it's non-Sports Week. But some people could argue that LeBron, when he realized that he wasn't gonna win six titles and match mj, he's like, what else can I try to get that will, they'll say in my goat conversation and having Bronny playing with Bronny will be there mjs son. Even though it means Nothing. mjs son never played it Never played in the league. Right. That's facts. But that's, it means nothing. But that's exactly what's going on.


What Was Angel Reese's reaction? 'cause she was sitting next to Jalen Brown's girlfriend. Her mouth is kind of blocked, but she kind of says like, he's not, and like you can see play the clip. You can see her say something like kind of, you know, be like, yeah, no he's not. I don't think Brian's a pro. Yeah. See she shakes her head. Yeah. Ain. She's an Attractive lady. Angel Reese is deep in her phone. She's a big phone girl. So Do I have to go back to this for a second, but Grant Williams is playing Call of Duty Summer league. I gotta see what Is going on. They probably ask Grant Williams, Hey we need another player in this tournament. Can you come out and do it in conjunction with the summer leagues, I guess. Well he is on, like we said, he is the VP of the players association.


It's very, It's just very know Jalen Bryan's the VP of the, It's very confusing that he was in this tournament, but, okay. And Bronny did earn $10,000 for winning attorney. Yeah. So does that count against the cap? I don't know. I don't know either. So the Call of Duty thing, that was only for summer league players. Right? It's not like Bronny is, well a world class Call of Duty player. Apparently not. 'cause Grant Williams is right there. He's not playing in summer league. Yeah. I You can't win this. You cannot win this if you're, if you're brawny. Well, he's Cracked. He's Young dude, but He's in phase. Dude, The jokes aren't phase up. He's been so bad. Now. Did he phase up now Hank, did he get into phase on his own merits or did he get in because his dad's LeBron? No, He is a, like a sniper trick shotter His, so his godfather's Nick Marks.


Yeah. So he, he's really good. He got drafted. Yeah. And by the way, I did double check If. you go on espn. It is B James and he was one for five O for three from three pointer. B Hamas. B Hamas. Yes. Hamas. Okay. So Jalen Brown, I, I have no problem with te LeBron saying this hot. This is, this is why I ultimately, this whole entire thing I feel awful for for Bronny. I really do. Because he knows guys are saying this and he knows that like this is gonna be said in the locker room and it's gonna be said when he is going up against another team, everyone's gonna look at him and be like, you're only here because of your dad.


Which I'm not saying he doesn't deserve to be there because of his dad. 'cause LeBron James done a ton for the NBA and he's been the best player for the last 20 years. but it has to suck deep down to be like, everyone's talking about me in this way. That does suck. That part sucks. But I don't feel bad for him because he is in the NBAI know it's, he got an NBA contract. He gets to play in NBA games. He's a Los Angeles Laker. If he didn't want all the stuff that goes along with it, all you have to do is say, you know what, dad, let's be realistic. I'm not an NBA player. I Don't know why he didn't go back to college. Yeah, that would've been just as fun. It Would've been great. Yeah. Cool Thrones. Victor Holand. Yeah. You Guys ready to get you guys ready to get deep? Yeah, Let's get deep. Get deep on me.


Okay. Alright. So this is from Dylan death year, who is a death year writer for Golf magazine. Is That another Trump joke? Death. D-E-T-H-I-E-R. Okay. Dehi. Sure. Dehi. He said, what's on Victor Hoagland's mind a lot about the golf swing plus this, and this is a quote from Victor Holin, what do you think happens after we die? We don't know. The establishment will say, your neurons will stop firing. Your body will rot. Okay. The Establishment. That's one explanation. But If, you look at our ancestors, there's a huge culture that goes into preparing for the afterlife. Were they just idiots or were they onto something? Did This guy just discover religion? I'm just Curious to find out.


We've gotten sold that we have all the answers, but there's just so much we don't know. I find those questions super motivating and I just wanna figure it out. Okay. Yeah. I Don't think his, I think his mind is, I don't know how focused he is on the open this week. Hank just asking questions. What do you think happens after we die? Hank Reincarnated into a different, an animal. What animal? So like, it, it's different for every person, but an animal where you can't speak. So you can't share your knowledge With your words. Oh. So you, you just have to exist with all your knowledge that you have. You would be a moth because you'd just fly directly at that lighthouse. Yeah. Yeah. Or whale. So Victor Oland's just sitting around with this in his brain right Now. They're like, yeah, what's going on?


How's, you know, how are you getting prepared for the US Open Victor? And he was just like, what happens after we die? I think what happens after you dies? You get eaten by worms. We all just become worms. So this guy, I, this is not a championship mentality that he's in. I don't think so. When you're entering a major championship week, you don't, or Maybe it is Questioning him. Maybe He's so unfocused on golf, he's just gonna play well, How can you focus on golf? That's the thing. He's, he's, he's just, I don't know. I don't think he's gonna play well. Not to get on the Victor Havin thing, like going down this weird questions, but it is kind of weird that we bury people. Well, what are we gonna do with them? I don't know. But, but just smell like thinking about it.


That is kind of weird. Do you think in like 50 million years people are gonna be digging like on, you know, on Long Island there's the giant cemetery. Yeah. The giant cemetery that we have there. Yeah. And 50 million years are, they're gonna be digging there and they're gonna find that huge cemetery and just make oil out of all of Us. I don't know. But it's just, I'm just, this is one of those things you shouldn't think about things too much. Just thinking about like, you put someone in a box and you put 'em in the ground and that's it. That's kind of weird. Yeah. Or you could get cremation. You Could get cremated. Cremation's better. Which feels A little, little less weird. I want, I like cremation. I, it does feel a little less weird. You at least be like, you know, put put a little me here. Put a little me there.


Put a little me on the golf course. Yeah. Put a little me more on the golf course. You know what? Just pour the whole thing on the golf course. Ocean. Chop me up. Do line of golf course. Yeah. Oh, Hank. Oh, if Hank dies before us, we gotta get him cremated and we'll fucking sit his ass in a chair at work every day. Fuck you Hank. You're coming to work buddy. I'll haunt you. Yeah, you will. I won't be coming to work. I fully, I'll be retired. I Fully believe that if Hank had the powers as a ghost to choose If, you wanted to be a friendly ghost or a haunting ghost. Oh yeah. Hank would show up and just ruin everything. Put Hank back in like the 10th grade math class. Yeah. Like, here you go buddy. Take a seat. I Want my body to be jettisoned into outer space after I die.


'cause it's a vacuum, right? Yeah. So nothing, nothing eats away at you. So that way my body's just floating around space forever. I like that. Until like a civilization discovers me and brings me back to life. Puts me in a zoo. I like that. Yeah. I like that. Thanks Victor. Yeah. Thanks Victor. Yeah. Got us going. Got us. Got us talk. Who is the establishment in this case? Yeah. The Establishment tells you that the world neurons stopped firing Earth. God. N-W-O-N-W-O. Yeah. The WEF That is, yeah. The establishment's not the right word there. The establishment says that when you die, you die. Establishment will say your neurons will stop firing. Your body will. Yes. I think in this case, the establishment means people who are smarter of than doctors Or, or could the establishment be your own body?


His own brain maybe calls Him that his own Brady brain stops. The neurons stop firing. So he is at war against himself. Yeah. Okay. Victor, great thoughts starter. Yeah. Way to go, dude. What Happens after we die? I might, I might have to bet him I'm gonna do a death bat. Yeah. I'm betting him. Fuck it for a little bit. Yeah, he, we Got him gets, he gets the clearer jug and he's just all morose and sad because he's like, yeah, but you know what, like one day, yeah, I'm gonna die. And then what? Maybe he becomes a golf ball. That would suck. Yeah. Just Gets Smashed around. Maybe one of those old ghosts that hangs out at the golf course after they win a tournament there. And we seen the movies all the time. Okay. PFT Your Hot. Seat Cool. Throw my Hot Seat was gonna be Bronny. But I think, I feel like we've reached the depths of the Brony conversation.


So my cool throw Caitlin Clark. Who? Hot Seat. I'm just kidding. Charlotte Clark. Caitlin Clark. Caitlyn Clark might get a free trip to Paris. I don't know. We'll see. Cool Throne. Stephen A. Smith. Yes. Because he won the divorce officially. Stephen A. Smith has won the Skip Bayless, Stephen A. Smith divorce. It took a few years to get there. Skip seemed like he was happy with his new flame. Things were going well with him and Shannon. Then Shannon said, you know what I can do better. He goes off, does his own podcast, gets 5 trillion views on it. Works for ESPN seems to be having a good time. Then they tried to replace Shannon with like five different people on undisputed And. it just wasn't, it wasn't hitting the same for Skip.


So Skip is out at Fox Sports I believe at the end of the summer. At the August. Yeah. What are he gonna Do? I offered the intern spot on part of my take to skip Bayless. Love that. Love that. I think that if Skip wants to reach the next generation, this is a good place to do it. Have him on that couch over there. Yep. We need a Cowboys fan all the time. Yep. I mean there's always room in this world for Skip Bayless like taking off a Cowboy's jersey and throwing it into a trash compactor and walking outta the room. Those videos are always gonna hit. This is kind of a win for the world. In what way? Like Skip. I've always thought Skip is the, he sucks. Like I, Stephen A. Smith is playing a character. I like Stephen A. Smith. I know that he can be a provocateur, but he's doing somewhat of an act.


Skip is kind of just an asshole. But I kind of like that. Yeah, I guess, I guess like, I wouldn't wanna hit off Shannon. I wouldn't wanna hang out with him or work with Him, but I would be bummed if we didn't get any more Stephen A. Smith. I'd be bummed if we didn't get any more. Shannon. There's like a, like coward is weird, but like, he still is kind of funny. You know what I mean? Where he'll, he'll say stuff and you're like, oh that's funny. Skip doesn't really add anything. But besides being an asshole and running like the same three plays. Yeah. The the, he Just feels different than the other guys in that group. But I, I do love something about Skip Bayless. I mean, I don't want to have a conversation with him. I don't wanna hang out with him. I don't wanna work with him. But there's, I feel like the sports ecosystem needs a Skip Bayless.


Somebody that's so like dead set. Every single moment of Skip Bliss's life is focused on, how can I make this about LeBron James? Yeah. Or the Cowboys. Or the Cowboys. He, I mean he was heartbroken that Bronny wasn't playing well because I think he wanted Bronny to be better than his dad. Yeah. He'll come on the show now. I'm sure he'll have to like, I'm sure we'll have Skip Blis on in in like the fall or the spring. Him being like, you know, I have this new project. I think we should hire Everyone. Please go listen. I Think we should hire Skip Baylis. Yeah. Imagine him just hanging out in the office all the time. Ernestine dual package need Ernestine. Gotta Have Ernestine. Gotta have Ernestine. Jesus producing. Can't sleep in the same bed though. Yeah. Skip on the weekdays. Oh. Does that mean they're gonna, are they gonna start sleeping in the same bed every night?


They might start fucking, oh my God. In which case you're gonna, This sucks for Ernestine. I feel bad for Ernestine. What if, what if Skip and Ernestine start doing it and then all of a sudden like Skip Bales changes his entire tune on life. He's like, I found the love of a woman. Yeah. Getting laid is awesome. LeBron, you're actually a great player. Yeah. Cool Dude. I apologize For everything. You're cool dude. My bad. Tim Tebow. I tried the virginity thing. Having sex is way better. I no longer love you. Yeah. So skips out Sad day. It's crazy. Sad day for sports. Yeah. Okay. My Hot Seat is Florida State. Oh. They're doing top 10 quarterbacks right now. Seen that Max? Yeah. Top 10 quarterbacks in Jalen Hurts is notable Top 10 now it's a Jalen Hurts revenge tour this year.


It's gonna be great. I don't scenes. I don't seet a DAC on that list. Oh, there he is. 10. He's at 10. Number 10 behind Jared Goff, Florida State has been announced. So the A CC is still up in the air. Weird shit. Everyone thinks they might leave. The Big 10 in the SEC came out and said they are not interested in taking Florida State. They basically said it makes no financial censor league and they have not been a good partner. What Does that mean? They've not been a good partner. I think they've just been upset or just, you know, riled stuff up. They've been a disruptive partner was the quote. So reading between the lines, it seems like Florida State wants to be treated like they're now the star of the Big 10.


Yeah. But also this does mean this means nothing because this is essentially they're saying so big 10 SEC unlikely to add Florida State. If it leaves a CC and a CC survives, those two things aren't gonna happen at the same time. Right. This is like when, when the Big 10 was like, we're not gonna take Washington and Oregon if the Pac 12 survives when Washington and Oregon are gone after U-C-U-S-C and UCLA are gone, the PAC twelve's not surviving. Yeah. If Clemson and Florida State leave the A CC, they're not gonna survive. So the Big 10 and SEC basically are saying we don't want 'em unless the a CC is gone. Which if they leave, they'll be gone. In which case we want 'em. It also might seem like Florida State is They're on the Titanic.


Yeah. Which is the acc, which is sinking. They get on a lifeboat and they're like, why is there no open bar? Yeah. It's like the Big 10 feels like a great fit. Really anything S sec Florida State should be in the SEC just geographically would make a lot of sense. Yeah. The I understand disruptive partner part though is funny. I understand why Florida State would not want to be in the SEC with the recruiting in that area. Right. It's better if you're in the big tent for that, but yeah, they're they're gonna get out at some point. Yeah. It's, we're, we're still going. We're gonna get two super conferences and then My Cool Throne is the haters and the doubters of which there are many because I came back with Doug's last night or Monday night. We're gonna stream again tonight. Wednesday night, seven 30 Central.


I'm terrible at this game. Yeah. It's gonna take some time. What the fuck Hank you were before we started taping? You're like, it's fine. You'll be fine. Well, from You were definitely can Take, can take your headphones off? Take your headphones off. Take your headphones off. I, I'm not listening. It's better for you to be really bad to start, But I don't wanna be as bad. I Understand that. I understand that. I'm just saying From, I didn't from last, from a holistic point of view. I, I didn't sleep Last night. That Stanford box is gonna kill me. It's like, it's, it's training camp. It's like, you know, you, you as a coach, I'm not a coach, but like looking at it from, from from the outside, it's like it's better to have, you know, But what if I never get good?


Be like Belichick, like you, like even no matter how good you are, you wanna break down the the bad things. Like it's almost good to have things to break down and improve on. you Don't learn from you learn more from mistakes than you do from Success. And Big Hat has could, could learn, you know, textbooks from all the mistakes. Memes is my co offensive. He's my, he's, he's my Ernie Adams wasn't a great night for my first night with Ernie Adams. How's that working? Memes? I thought, I thought last night went Well. I went one And. it went well. It went, yeah, it went Well. It went well. It was A Why can't you just blame your defense? I did. Okay, good. I also blamed my kids. I blamed Xbox. The PlayStation. You said, you said that coach Doug's a one kid guy. Yeah. I said he is a one kid guy.


We're gonna, I'm gonna have to have a talk with kids two and three and be like, Hey, you might have to leave for a while. Yeah. 'cause I, I got a Coach minimize Distractions. Yeah. The, it was, it's great. The game is great. It's so much fun to be back. But I also feel really bad for Washington State because they're like, we believe in you. And they're, they don't realize Doug's is he'll. He'll be out as soon as he gets a better offer. That's how Doug's works. So if I win some games, I'm gone. Either way. The haters and doubters of which there are many get a lot of, is This a a lost season? No. Have you thought about expanding the playbook? Yes. But that's easier said than more you gonna say Max.


I just wanted the listeners to know that like you, you're tr this is real football coach. I you're a real football coach right now. I am trying. It's It's consumed all of your brain. Everything. I How many people was that the first thing that you said to today is like, Doug stinks. Oh, every single person I saw Every, like it's, it's completely consumed your Brain. It's all I've got on my mind. It's football coach. You're a real football Coach. It's back into, I forgot what it's like to be doing this where you're playing video games for a lot of people and it's just, it it, it eats away at me. I didn't sleep last night. I was like, God, damnit two and three is so much better than one in four If. you just didn't, weren't, weren't an idiot in that Stanford game. Have You guys seen the, the screenshots that are going around of players like people that I, maybe it's when you're a player in the game and you get like text messages from your teammates.


Yeah, I think a lot of them are fake. Are they fake? I think so. One's asking you. If you wanna come out? Memes is my recruit is is my recruiting coordinator as well. 'cause I need him to just, we don't have time right now so he'll let you know if that happens. Okay. If he gets hit up. Okay. Should we do the Mount Rushmore? Let's do it. This is gonna be a good one. This is going to piss a lot of people off.


The Mount Rushmore is brought to you by a friend at BODYARMOR. BODYARMOR is the greatest drink out there. It is something we drink every day. I have it right next to me. The water. They also have some great sports drinks. Real hydration, real ingredients packed with electrolytes, vitamins and nothing Artificial BODYARMOR sports drinks has all your hydration needs covered. Sports drinks, light, zero sugar flash iv and of course Sport Water. Head on over to BODYARMOR store on Amazon. You use code 15 Barstool ba for an additional 15% off your order today. Now stackable with Prime Day deals. 15 Barstool ba for an additional 15% off your order today. Now stackable with Prime Day deals. BODYARMOR Delicious. Great bottles, too lot of water.


Okay. Mount Rushmore of movies and TV shows we've never seen. Now this is going to be honor system. I think we all trust each other. Yep. We also all know a lot of like what we, where our blind spots are. Well Also these are deeply embarrassing things at times to admit. Yeah, Very. No, I I've had this theory for a while where I I, one of my picks might be out there, but I think that there's, everyone has one or two movies or shows that they just missed. And when you say it out loud, people are like, what? How is that possible? And you, I one on my and hear them talked about Yes. Where you're like, you don't want to because then you're just distracting the conversation about the movie show to everyone.


Be like, wait, you haven't seen that? I have one on my list that I actually think that I've, I've like just said Yes I've seen and I have not seen. And I know like, 'cause I'm so embarrassed about it and I, it, it like eats me up inside because it's something I would love. But yeah, this is gonna be Mount Rushmore. People are gonna be very upset about by the way. But Also everyone that's upset also has some that they like. It's like, yeah, everyone has these. Yeah. Guess what TV shows. I would, I would love for this list to be bigger because there's nothing better than being like, I haven't seen this classic movie or TV show and now I get to go watch it. Yeah. First time during Covid I got to watch all of Game of Thrones. Same for the first time. And. it was incredible.


Yeah. I was so happy. But, and people were jealous that I got to Right. I wonder there's might be one person that doesn't have anything they've missed Jeff Lowe. I don't think Jeff Lowe's missed Anything. Yeah, he's a Freak. He sees everything. He's A freak. By the way, did you guys, I don't think anyone responded to the a WO hit me up Who said that we could literally do cat in the hat in the punishments that one of the punishments could be getting a cat. I'm Down. Okay. Are you's five or six cats? Yeah. Max Allergic. What? So you have to get one of those skinless weird cats. Yeah, No thanks. Yeah. I don't think, no, there's hypoallergenic cats. Yeah. Perfect. I went through this process last time. I think Blake would make short worker that cat.


So you're, so you're out but the Listeners or do we wanna murder a cat? There's No content. True. Good point. Alright. I just, for the record, I was Down. I was down too. I've thought I've, I was in, I'm not going to, but I've, I have given it a little more thought. I'm down. But since Max. But I just think, I don't think Cat as a single guy. Yeah, no. Definitely be a weird mood. That's why you got to make it not weird and get three cats. That's how you make it not weird. All right. Gimme chill. Mount Rushmore. So what's the order? I'm going first. Yep. Big Cat. Hank Max. Me. Okay. I won one. I think this is gonna hurt. PFT. Yeah. It's the easy one. One.


I've never seen any of the Star Wars. Yep. Me too. Not a Single one. I I didn't even put that down on my list 'cause I knew you were gonna take it. And I know obviously Darth Vader. I know. Like the story. Never seen it. Who's Darth Vader's son? Luke. Luke. Luke. I am your father. Yeah. Like that's the shit that you know. But you don't, nothing else. I, yeah, I just never, I don't like Sci-fi and that was, I just never watched it. Who's Darth Vaers? The originals. Who's a real name? Anakin Lou Carrano. There you go. Oh, okay. I was close. Wait, Anakin Skywalker. Anakin is dark. That's Darth Vegas. Oh, this is gonna get Cle and, and Robbie so mad.


This entire Mount Rush story. I love this. And then, and then Yoda is the grandfather Roku? No, Roku is Yoda's son. Fuck. Nope. What's R 2D two in, in C3 po. They're just Computers. They're in all the movies. And then Chewbacca is R two, D two might be the sneaky main character. So Luke and Princess Leia is his sis his brother or sister Luke And Princess Leia are twins. They're, And they Fuck and they make out. Oh, And then Han Solo is, what's he, what does he do? He's a solo Raider. He looks Funny. Him and Chewba are boys. Chewba is his pet. Chewba is his partner. Pet partner. Does he have a leash for him?


No. Who made C3 po. Anakin. What's a guy? A robot. He's a robot inventor? Yeah. What's the guy you dress up as Phrases? Dar. Who's that? Episode one? He is a STH lord that gets killed by Anakin after Darth Mall kills. Oh no. He gets killed by Obiwan Kenobi. And who's that? That's Anakin's Master or what do you call it? Anakin was his apprentice. Denay Mentor Sense Kin was Anakin was Obi Juan's apprentice. And the Ewoks were all just baby Yodas that hang out on a Planet together. They were like little baby bears. Anakin is, how is Anakin related to Luke? Father Anakin is Luke's father.


So, but Luke came first. No, the but the, but in Star Wars it, it started 4 5 6, which is about Luke Darth Vader's the bad guy. Did they do that on purpose? Or did And then 20 years later they did 1, 2, 3, which is Anakin's beginning leading up to him becoming Darth Vader. And then they did wait 8, 9, 10, which are fucking horrible and ruin the entire franchise. And it kid is Darth Vader. Yep. And he is Luke's father. Correct. But the first, the OB one Kenobi is Luke's, is this Rushmore just going to be explaining every Single Movie or show that I do here? No, just this one. Just this one. Obiwan Kenobi was, Luke's was Anakin's master and then he was in the sequel trilogy.


He also was Luke's master and what's Jar? But then Anakin kills Darth Vader kills Obiwan. Who Kills Jar Jar? I don't know. I think Jar Jar Survived. So Jar Jar wins. What Are the things that, what People think? Jar. Jar was the ultimate villain. Smoke. Oh. But that got proven to be wrong. What's The, what are the big elephant things that you just, you ride around on play? I did play the video game. The video game rocked when the first video game, you just ride around him and you rope rope 'em off. And what is Bill Burr? He was a Mandalorian. Got It. Okay. Okay. All right. Star Wars. All right. My one one. I think you guys know this.


If people hated me before, I think this might be Yeah, Mike? Yeah. It's gonna be the one that I said. And if I need to be career with the A Ls, I apologize. I know the characters I've seen, you know, Twitter clips of read blogs. South Park. Oh, I never seen South Park. You've never watched an episode of South Park? Okay. Hank, That's not the one that Thought. Did we not talk? Can we talk Hank? I have seen enough episodes of South Park that I, I made myself ineligible, but I have probably seen less than six episodes of South park. I've had roommates that have watched it. I never have really cared for it. I've never, I've never sat down Yep.


By myself or with a roommate and been like, I'm gonna watch an episode of South Park. Yep. I've seen, you know, when they, like, someone will post a Twitter, like, south Park did this, you know, version of whatever, talking about current events. So I've seen clips. I know Cartman, I know PC principal, Billy Football, the big balls guy. I'm With you, Hank With you. There's a guy that always dies. Eric dies every episode or Whatever. Yeah. No car. Kenny, Kenny. Kenny. Kenny. I was with, say Carman. I, I'm with you, Hank. Like, I, I had to take it off my list because I have se I have sat down and watched probably like four to five of em. But I never have watched a full season. I don't really know, like the jokes. I know. It's funny. I just never got into it. Yeah. Did you watch the movie? No. No. I, and I see I, my TikTok algorithm has like the behind the scenes of them doing the voices.


Yeah. They're incredible guys. Hater. It's, it's, it's funny stuff. It's Like the funny, I I's one of my favorite shows. Love Park. It's one of like my favorite shows. Were you not allowed to watch it when you were a kid? That's part of it. Yeah. So I never watched it as An adult. I have one of those as well. I Have one of those as well. I think South Park for me, it just came out at a time that I like kind of wasn't watching that type of Tv. Yeah. I couldn't watch it in my house. So, and then I just, when I got older, I never got into it. My parents were very cool about letting me watch. If it was in cartoon format, I could watch any show. So it was like Beavis and Butthead Simpson, south Park from the time I was like really young. Which I'm, I'm thankful for. But South Park is a big one. Huge. I did not think you were going with South. I need to know what one you guys thought I had. We're not gonna say it.


Yeah. 'cause we don't wanna trigger something that gets you to say it. I mean, I I also just say it at the end. I also don't think, I don't know. I think Yeah. Whatever. All right. We have, we have more picks. Yeah. All right. Max. But that was the one. I don't know what now. I have no idea. Was it a movie or TV show? TV show Tv. Honestly, I didn't have this one on my list because I didn't even think about it. 'cause I've never seen it. But that just sparked me. I've never seen The Simpsons. What? Never seen The Simpsons. That's shocking. Ever. Never, never seen it. That's A, that's a great pick. I should have said that. Shoulda. I've never, God dammit. Like I, it didn't even cross my mind because I've, I've never even like thought about watching it. Wow.


Because it was one of those things, like, when I was a kid, I couldn't watch it. And then I just like, like South Park and Family guys. So I was like, ah. Like I don't care about the Simpsons South Park. I Mean, yeah. It may have been like something like Hank said, like, people around me have probably been watching it while I've, but I've never like, sat down and had the intent to like, watch an episode of the Simpson. Wow. I think, I think Seasons three through eight on The Simpsons are the best TV ever made. OG Simpsons. So Max does. Yeah. So Max gets OG Simpsons on this. Og Simpsons. Yeah. You get OG Simpsons. All, all right. All right, all right. Okay. A good pick. PFT My one one is going to be the Marvel Cinematic Universe.


I've never seen a Marvel movie. Any of em. I've never seen a Marvel movie. You've never seen Iron Man? Never seen Iron Man is the one that like, I feel you've seen at least one of these. You have to pick one of them. I haven't seen any of 'em. No. I think that counts because It's, but but has he It's like, it's like Star Wars. No, no, no. I know, but I, I feel like he war. No, no. I, I understand that. I'm saying I feel like there's one that he's seen that he doesn't realize he's seen. Okay. Unless That's my point. Unless It's Iron Man name. The, The most common ones. It's Iron Ironman And none of the Avengers Games. I, I did see 15 minutes of Ironman two, But that's in the living room. None of the Avengers. That's fine. I never seen Avengers. Any kind of Captain America? Nope. Spider-Man. Spiderman. I have seen Batman, Daredevil, Spider-Man.


but it has been Batman. Tom Holland. Spiderman Antman. Nope. No. Batman's not in the mar no Spider-Man. You've never seen, even the Toby McGuire Spidermans have seen any Spider-Man. Never watched the Spider-Man. That's insane. That's, I haven't that either. Even more crazy. You could put I haven't either. You Could even put the Spider-Man's on there. Yeah. Blade. Like the Toby McGuire Blade is not Spiderman is even Know what? Yeah. Isn't bladed a Marble? I don't think bladed is a marble. No. I don't know what that is. Yeah. I I don't know if that is, that's Gardens of the Galaxy. That's Wesley of the Galaxy is another one that's, I haven't, I haven't seen. That's the one with the raccoon and, and the tree, right? Yeah. The Trees Endgame. I, I've only seen the Iron Man's and like, one of the, the first Endgame movie or the first Offenders movie.


I promise you have never seen a Marvel movie. Yeah. And, and they're like, If. you go down the list. Black Panther. Oh, is that a Marvel movie? Oh, oh God. 'em, yes. Black Panther's Marvel. I did like Black Panther. I did not see Black Panther. Yep. Black Panther's. Marvel. Damn. Okay. I was actually worried about saying I hadn't seen Black Panther. 'cause I have not seen Black Panther. Black Panther's good. It was Good too. It's very good. I saw Airplane. Dang. Yeah. That's gotta Pick. Alright, so I'll take, that was honestly Integrity, right? Greatest. I'm gonna take the Avengers franchise then. Yep. That works. Okay. But also just know I've never seen a Marvel movie besides that. Yeah. Besides, I have literally never seen any of these movies. Not a single one. Blade is Marvel, by the way.


Is that the Wesley Snipes? Yeah. You've never seen Blade? I haven't, I haven't seen Blade from back in the, maybe I saw Blade too. So you ha you have what? The end game or Avenger? I've got the entire Avengers series. Yeah. Got it. I had that on there as well. I haven't seen any of these. Okay. Not a single one. I hate that you found Black Panther. I forgot. I knew you had seen one. No. I'm gonna dig into your choices now. Big Time. I mean, I, I knew you'd seen one Do I. I was gonna pick, I was gonna pick. Wait. You've seen Mandalorian, haven't you? Oh, What Baby Yoda. You never watch any of It? No. I like the memes and shit. I post the memes with the coffee.


The end game was what I was gonna pick as well. The Avengers. Avengers. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I got the Avengers franchise and then my second Harry Potter. Whoa. Never seen a Harry Potter. Also. That's a Show. Never read a book at Star Wars. But no, I haven't seen the Star Wars movie. You wanna put movie? I'm just, okay. We can say, we can put movie. I, I, I'm pretty sure I just post the memes. 'cause I thought he was the cutest thing ever. Maybe we should do like a different, like the show is, is Red and like the movie is green. And on the graphic and put Do A little I've never seen Star Wars movie. Yeah, Okay. But Harry Potter, You've never Seen it. Yeah, no. That's never, never read it. Those Are two heavy hitters From you.


Never watched it. People get very mad at me about the Harry Potter thing. I know that Max looks like that one guy. Hagrid. Yeah. I actually watched, I read the books as a kid, probably the last books I ever read. And I, I forget what caused it. But I got into Harry Potter, Harry Potter movie binge this year. I watch Harry. I watched 'em all. I do that like once every like three years. I I love Harry Potter. It's my favorite one. I see Harry Potter As well. Well, I went on a Harry Potter podcast a couple years ago. Never saw anything. They explained Harry Potter to me, so I understand part of it. And there's h there's houses, right? So you can be in a different clan. Yeah. Well, I don't know. I've never Would you rather be Gryffendor Hufflepuff Slitherin or Raven Claw Ravenclaw?


Easy answer. Slitherin. That's bad guy. That's a good one Guy. That's guy. That's the very happy people. Yeah. Bad Guy. Raven Claws a good answer. Raven Claw iss mid. Ah, Shit. You want to be, you wanna be Hufflepuff, right? Griffindor? Well, it depends. I wanna be sl Raven Claws not a bad pick. Okay. Max The Wire. Never seen a single Episode. It's always one that's been on my list of like, I have to watch this. I have to watch this. People are gonna hate this show. Never Done it. Wires favorite show of all time. Watch it. Probably once a year. They're gonna hate it. I have read the oral history actually, of The Wire. It's really good. Very good. So every Season is good. Every character's great. There's no good guys. There's no bad guys. The bad guys are good.


The good guys are bad. It's, it's incredible shit. You Don't know Omar, Omar Cummins? No. No. Not at all. Damn. Chain of Command McNulty. I say that all the time. I feel like even If, you haven't seen a lot of these shows. You've been exposed to enough gif from the show. See, I know nothing. Like, I don't even know if I, I probably have seen Wire gifs. I would've no idea that they're from The Wire. You've Definitely seen the gif of, you've definitely seen of We Bay scratching his, his chin when he realizes something's gone. Or we're we, that's the, oh Shit. Price of the Brick went up. Let Let, let him know. We back up. Yep. That one you've definitely Seen. Oh, that one. That one sounds familiar. Yep. Yep. You've Definitely seen that. Oh, Okay. It's such a good show.


Wait, Am I, oh, oh no. I went first. Yeah, It's in order. I'm gonna go. I said this on the show a couple weeks ago. The Matrix. Yeah. Red Pill, blue Pill. Good Pick Dodging Bullets. You Haven't seen any of them. We're living in a simulation. Yep. Like Red Pilled. Is Red Pilled political? Or is that Matrix? It's, it's become political. It's become political. But the initial reference of the Red Pill and the blue pill was the red pill. You can see what's really go going on under the surface. And the blue pill is just go back to your life and fuck around. So do you want the truth Or not? And what does he take in the movie? He takes a red pill.


He takes A red pill. Matrix one was so good. Loved that movie. Yeah. It was so good. It's a like, big time deal too. Alright. I got two. I think I've said this one before. I've never seen a full episode of Friends. That one's on there. I've just never seen a full episode. That's a banger. I I thought about putting that on my list. I think I've seen too many half episodes of Friends. I've seen clips, but like, I was a Seinfeld guy through and through. Yeah. I've seen every Seinfeld a thousand times. I just never liked friends. Once You, once you realize that they put a laugh track for every single like other word, it kind of ruins it. Yeah. It's Never, not that I ever Really loved it, but Listening to friends from a different room, it will annoy the fuck out you.


Yeah. Because you just hear pause, laughter, pause. And you're like, there's no chance. That show could be that funny. Yeah. All right. Here's the one that's really ashamed about really, really ashamed about, because I definitely have just been like, yeah, I've seen it and I truthfully have never seen it. And it's also m movies that I would absolutely love and I know I'd love. I've never seen a single Fast and Furious. Hmm. Yeah. It's good. And I, I saw, I'm like, this actually like, pains me to Say I'm actually kind of, I've only seen a couple. I, It pains me to say it because like, especially 'cause Heidelberg is like one of my favorite people in the entire world. Yeah. And his excitement for it gets me excited. I'm like, I know.


I'd love this And. it fucking pains me. I've never seen a full, a single Fast Furious. Yes. Fe Heidelberg turned me on those, but I've never loved the movies. I Saw the first two and they're, they're good that you can just turn your brain off. Yeah. But I, that's the type of movie I love. Yeah. It's a great Turn Your Brain off movie. Yeah. So that hurts. It hurts. Happy. I haven't been able to say it out loud. I, What's the, I don't wanna talk about a c Okay. It's me. Yeah. These are more, my last two are more from when we were younger or when I was younger. Okay. Jurassic Park. Okay. Oh, you stole that from me. I never saw that. People would always thought that's, That's when, that was the original when I said that like five years ago and people flipped On me.


Really? Yeah. I should have seen that. You can, you can get away with it Should, yeah. Feel like, I feel like there's movies that when I was younger, like I had a lot of movies on VHS and if it wasn't in my collection, I never saw it. It's really about the first one. The first thoracic park I think is, yeah. No, the first one Is the best. The first one with Chris Pratt where he is doing the thing to the Raptors. The Stop. No. Yeah. I'm talking about the Og. That one was pretty good too. But the OG Steven Spielberg. Yep. Yep. Yeah. I've seen Jurassic World. I don't Think I've ever seen Jurassic Park. Why the fuck don't we have Jurassic Park yet? Because why? Agreed. Why is that not a real thing? Agreed. Agreed. Why is that? Don't pick over the world. I don't give a fuck. Who cares? Instead of buying a website so that you can post on an Elon, buy a fucking dinosaur. Make dinosaurs for the people. Yep. All Hank or no, max.


Good Pick Hank. I had it on my list. Never seen Gladiator. Oh, That's A good one. Never seen Gladiator. That hurts. And that's one that I know is such a cool guy movie to talk about. Are you're not entertained. That's one though. That I'm jealous of you. 'cause it is awesome. And there's a new one coming out. Yeah. So you Can watch both. No. I'll, I'll, I'll wa I need to watch it, but I just never have. Yeah. Joaquin Phoenix. But that movie is, That movie holds up. Yeah. We should watch. Everyone should have to watch one of these and do a review. Okay. Okay. You, you guys have to watch eight movies. Yeah, I do have a lot of Movies. No, pf ts is like 20. No, he just got Endgame. Is that or Avenger? Avengers. Three or four. I have what set.


How many Fast and Furious are there? Oh, you have Fast and Furious. You have Star Wars. I think there's 10 Fast and Furious and 10 Star Wars. But that's also, it's easier to miss those because If, you miss the first. You just say no. And that's what I've done. Alright. You have two picks. PFT I'm deeply ashamed of this one because I do think at some point I have said that I've seen one of them. Yep. The Godfather. What? Geez, I've never, I've never The Godfather. I've never seen, I've never seen Godfather. There's no way That's true. It is true. I've, I don't believe that. The Scene, I remember I saw there was a grandfather that We've joked about it a million times about LeBron.


And you've known the characters. I know the characters. I, I feel like this is Well, no, you can't, you can't say that. Oh, okay. I'm, I'm, I'm I'm being No, that's fine. Honest. I know. I just, I'm Being shocking. I'm being I know, I know the, the, The amount of times we've talked about it. I know the, the Corleone family. I know that Fredo, I did it. I I know it was you. Fred And. it breaks my heart. Kiss him. Right. That's his brother. Right? What? Fredo Corleone is his brother. Yes. Kisses him. Says, I know that. I know the references. I know that the old guy dies having a heart attack in his garden. Yeah. Right. With his grand granddaughter around him. Son, I think Never seen. Okay. Any of the godfathers. I I've only seen him like twice, so that's not that crazy.


And the first one. No, it's, I, The first one I watched in school. So like, the Crazy part I was saying is we've made fun of LeBron like a thousand times talking about the God For reading The Godfather. Right. I have, I, there's been times where I've tried to watch Godfather too. And I, I feel like it's, it's a movie. It's long as It is. It puts me to like, I it's so good though. I've, I've turned it on and I fall asleep. It's so good. And so The Godfather three is the one with De Niro, right? No. Godfather two De Niro's in all of Them. No. De Niro's in Godfather two. But the third one is the one we don't talk about. Third one is just, just one. You I've seen Godfather three. Yeah. I've seen one in two I've million Times. I've seen Godfather Three. The gif. Yeah. Pull me back. They pull me back in. That is it. I do wanna watch him, but I, I Hank kind of put the nail on the head where it's a good pick.


It's a long ass movie. Yeah. You should watch 'em though. They're great. I will. First one you'll, you'll enjoy the hell outta em. I'm jealous of, You know. I know. And I will watch 'em. The first one I watched in like, film school, my teacher broke it all down. So it was more interesting. But I think if I was watching those on my own, like I, I wouldn't have got past one. Yeah. Okay. For the last pick, I wanna say I almost took one. But out of the spirit of fairness, I've seen over half this movie, I've seen probably 60 minutes of it. So I did not take Toy Story. Okay. But I almost did. I've never watched the entire thing. I didn't watch before Toy Story until I had kids. Yeah. Like, I didn't see it as a Kid. Yeah. So I'm gonna go with Hunger Games. Never seen Hunger Games. Good Pick. Good pick Good. Good Movies. Good movies.


Good books. I'm jealous of you. If you able to watch Godfather? I think I just read. I just, I've realized I've only read books of like, movies. Do you ever read the book? First Books Of movies. You, you watch the movie then read the book. Hunger Games. I watch the movie and then the, the next movie hadn't been out yet. So I read the book 'cause I wanted to find out what happened. Got It. Catching Fire. Okay. Max. I have the same one as P fts that I don't think that I've seen it, but I may have seen it so I'm not gonna take it. Which, which would've been the departed Hank Hank's seen it 17 times. The last two Weeks. Yeah. I don't think I've Seen, I sat next to Hank on, on two different plane trips and he's been watching on both plane trips.


I was finishing It. It's a good plane movie. Yeah. Well it was after Missoula and then I, I I was finishing it. I wasn't watching it again. Okay. Okay. You just go back and forth between the town, the Departed. Yeah. Goodwill Haunting A big Three. It is a nice, it is a nice big three for city movies. Yeah. The one that I know that I haven't seen that you guys are gonna get mad about is Peaky Blinders. Ah, that's not mad. I'm just like, that's kind like The Godfather where PFT I'm like, yeah. I'm actually kind of jealous. Yeah. See those are so good. Season one is really good. Yeah. So good. They're great. Those are great shows and Movies. What, what city are they in? Birmingham? Yeah. They, it's got a little Philly in it.


Yeah. It's like the Philly of England. Little Grit. Okay. Hank this one. I think about saying every year around Christmas time when the debate happens, die hard. Mm. I had that on my list. Mm. I had that on my list. It's a good Movie. Never seen it. Good movie. I don't know if it's a Christmas movie or not, because I've never seen it. Have you seen Any of them? No. With The Vengeance. I just know there's a tower. 'cause they put in Call of Duty one year. Okinawa Tower or whatever. Yeah. Die Hard one is awesome. Awesome. Awesome. So good. And I know that Snape from Harry Potter, I believe is the bad guy of Die Hard. Well, they don't know Snape, so Yeah. That I don't know. Yeah. There's nothing we think about That is Snape the hat.


They Don't, they don't know Harry Potter. And we don't know Die Hard. It's A Hat that A What, what's wrong with Harry Potter? Like a hat tells you where you have to go to school. I guess that's what Sorting Act people do on National signing Day. Anyways. It's a sorting act. I, I, alright, so my last pick is, I'm gonna go back to TV show. I, all I know about this show is that people were really pissed at the end. But I've never seen a second of Lost. I had that on my list too. Yeah. Not a Second of Lost. I also only watched that in school. Yeah. Your school played Lost for You. We watched the first season. Yeah. I know. The premise was awesome. What school did you go to? I forget what classes was. This was in high school. How Hung Over Were teachers? The Yeah. Dude, every day we'd go into class.


Season is and watch Lost. It was Sick. No Loss is great. That was the first show I ever binged. Like I got Netflix when I was in high school and like high school. And I learned that you could binge TV shows. That was the first one I ever binge. I stayed up to like 4:00 AM every day Watching it. What, what grade did you get in that class? Probably like a c In the Lost class. It was some, it was like a, it was an elective and I, I forget what the premise even was. We watched that. We watched Lost and we watched the the Bear documentary. Mm Oh g Oh, The guy who got eaten. Yeah. This show sounds, this class sounds awesome. Yeah. You just watched a ton of Tv. I think Hank's teacher was just hung over every day. Was it like a psych class? It was an elective. I forget what the like premise of the elective was, but it was a great, great class.


It was me and like, I don't know why. I just remember it was me and a lot of females were in the class. Like there wasn't any other guys. Female. Hell, I like that shit. Rocks for you. Look at that females job. Hank. That's Sick dude. Alright. What, what do we, what do you guys got? Let's do a brain dump. I had Star Trek. Yep. I've never seen a movie or a TV show. Star Trek. I I wouldn't, I don't even feel Bad about that. Yeah, no. That's a fucking, that's a nerd. Nerd. Shit. I, if, if somebody were to ask me like, are you a Star Wars guy or a Star Trek guy? I would immediately say Star Wars. Despite the fact I've never seen Yeah. Any of them. Yeah. Yep. Rick and Morty. Same. Same. Had that on my list. I've seen A couple episodes. It Rick and Morty. People come up to me all the time. They're like, dude, you would love Rick and Morty. Yeah. Like, they want me, they get mad that I haven't seen it yet.


Yep. Yeah. I had Mad Men. Yep. I had Mad Men. Mad Mad Men. I've, I like started that. But I, like, I couldn't put it in, in good faith. 'cause I've, I think I've watched like two episodes. I tried to watch the first episode, got about 20 minutes in. I was like, ah, there's something else going on. I I, I texted my wife just to tell me what haven't I seen? 'cause she's like, there's so many times where she's watching a show and I'm watching sports. But she wrote West Wing, Downton Abbey, mad Men Friday Night Lights. Oh, Friday Night Lights. Night Lights is a good one. I never Seen Friday. Friday Night Lights. It's a football show. I saw the movie. Yeah. It's like Loosely a football. I saw the gotta watch Friday Night Lights. Vital Berg is gonna kill you. Yeah, I know. I I had never seen Friday Night Lights until like two years ago when I watched the first couple episodes.


It seems like it's gonna be a good show. Dexter Dexter Throw It. Yeah. Boardwalk Empire, Yellowstone Lord of the Rings. Harry Potter. Lord Of the Rings. Lord of the Rings. She said Homeland Lord of the Rings is a big One. Lord of the Rings is a massive homeland. Just watch the first two EP or first two Seasons of Homeland. Yeah. So those are all the ones I haven't seen. She just, she just brain them. She was like, here you go. All these popular shows. Yeah. Okay. I've never saw Indiana Jones and the House of Cards. Those were the two that the big Ones on my, should I put, should I pick Lord of the Rings over lost? Yeah, I think so. So which one? Bigger Do I Think You have Lord of the Rings and Star Lord of The Rings is Yeah.


Is Bangers Lost? I, I don't even know. I've never even thought about even like, looking at Lord of the Rings. That's how uninterested I am in it. I think the second movie is like three and a half hours long. Never Lord of the Ring. It's never even crossed my mind to be like, oh, I should check this thing out. Like, I don't want, I know there's a Hobbit and a ring. So probably The reason why Big Cat took Lost is the same reason I I was thinking about taking Lost, which is when that show came out. Oh yeah. It was massive. It was all you talked about massive. And you had massive, you had weeks between episodes. So you would just fill in your school week or your work week, just talk with people about like, what do you think is gonna happen? Where are they? So it was like a big part of, of life in the early two thousands. Yeah. Just talking about Lost. Yeah. That was big. By the way, Hank, we thought, I thought you were gonna say The Office.


I thought you were Gonna say that. You'd never Yeah, we thought you'd never seen The Office. That's like the only show I've watched. Oh. Why did we get, why'd that rumor start? I Love The Office. Oh, we literally, I watched The Office. Never seen The Office. One thing, I That's Shane, Shane's never seen the Office. Shane's Never seen any of this. I watched seen the Show. Show. She ain't never had a Television. I think there's people that watch The Office in real Time and then people that watch it after the fact. I've done both. Same. But like, I was watching it in real time too. Yeah. I was watching it in real time. The, the episode after the Super Bowl was Like, yeah. We, for some reason, Iconic, iconic episodes of all time. The Rumors started that you had not seen The Office. We were just sitting around being like, how do you not see? No, I might continue to believe That. I mean like, parks and Rec have only seen a couple episodes, but I have seen a couple episodes.


Have you seen Seinfeld A million times? I had the Seinfeld, Seinfeld, DVDs, office DVDs were like the two shows I had on dvd. I've watched every episode like a million times. The People in the office are chatting and they, they're saying that you've never seen The Office or Seinfeld, Bro. Let's go head to head. I'll, I'll take you all. Maybe not Big Cat, but I think I could, I think I could go head to head with anyone in this office. On, On on the Office. I have no idea. Michael Scott office. I, I stopped watching after he left. DeAngelo Vickers was pretty good. Yeah. Like sometimes I'll go, I'll be scrolling TV in and I'll turn an episode. I'm like, I haven't seen this. And it's 'cause Yeah. Michael Scott Left. What was Dwight's cousin's name? Moose. You have seen it. You're good. Damn. I also Wrote the show. I have no idea.


What was Andy's acapella group called The God? Oh, I got this one. What the fuck is It's the someone with the mascot. No. Was it? Here comes Treble. Here comes Treble. Oh Yeah. I Didn't know that. I didn't know. First I asked that question, then I was like, wait, am I thinking of Pitch Perfect. Can you name one of his cos singers? And here comes Treble. Yes. Broccoli. Rob. Broccoli Rob. Yep. Great show. Great show. Great show. Hank, I don't think you've ever seen the Office. Can can we go see The Godfather together? I can't wait to see The Godfather. Yeah, I really wanna see it. Which one should I start with? One. Okay. I think everyone should have to do one of these.


Yeah, one of these. I'll do all the Fast and Furious. And should we, we should do a recap. I'm screwed. I don't have, I don't have anything I can watch. I'll do Gladiator. I get Gladiator. I have 10 movies, seven movies. A show that was syndicated on for 15 years. And, and how many seasons of Lost were there? What do you think? So many. What What's the best Fast and Furious because I feel like you can jump into Fast and Furious at Any moment. Just do one Fast and The Furious. You Probably the, when I see you again. I like Fast five. Okay. I've only seen like the first two. I think I tried to do a Furious, would like binge Fast and Furious. Like it was a TV show and then I stopped after like, I think like movie three. Yeah.


Before we get to Derek Carr, he is brought to you by Chevy. As everyone knows, this is a Chevy truck podcast, the greatest trucks ever built. And our friends at Chevrolet have been a big part of the part of my take story from the Silverado, helping us dig the biggest hole ever dug in Ohio during Grit Week to Silverado partnering with us to give college fullbacks all the rightful recognition that they deserve with the Lowman Award. I currently own two Chevys. I got a Chevy SUV and I got the Chevy El Camino, which is per and by the way, driving it around town. Awesome. I love Chevy. Sounds great. To our nonstop cross country trip to the Super Bowl in LA That was behind the Chevy as well. It was a Chevy Silverado Silverado has been a part of it all. Chevy Silverado is a long time awesome partner of the show With Truck. It's got unstoppable grit. It's commanding legendary capability. It's dependable. So find out for yourself like so many other awls. Head to chevy.com. Check out all the Chevy truck grit. Build your own Silverado for do-It-yourself projects to road trips off road adventures to tailgates. Whatever your thing is, it all starts with a Chevy truck.


Now here's Derek Carr.


Okay, we now welcome on a very, very special guest. It is our Chill Week interviews sponsored by Coors Light and Chevy Silverado. It's four time pro bowler New Orleans Saints quarterback Derek Carr. Derek, first of all, thank you for joining us. Absolutely. We Appreciate it.


Yep. Let's start, let's, let's ease in with some golf. How are we feeling about the golf? Golf? The game is nice right now. Okay. So I don't know what that means because you could wake up in golf And it could be terrible again. Right? Yep. Right. So we'll see how the weekend goes. But I feel confident. Yeah. Golf's a weird sport where, for me at least sometimes when I wake up and I feel great, yes. I play terribly when I wake up and I feel awful. Yes. I go out there and I just play really well. So I don't know. I, it probably says more about me mentally than Anything else. Yeah, definitely. For sure. But yeah. So what, what, what's the expectation this week? What would you be happy with? Expectation top 10. That's expectation I've got. Oh, wow. I've gotten better every year. Top 20 last year. And, oh, You're a stick.


I I mean play quarterback. Yeah. We have to be. Yeah, that's true. It's pitchers and Quarterbacks. Pitchers and quarterbacks. We have to be. Yeah. And so hopefully, hopefully top 10. And then try and, you know, If, you got a chance on the last day. Go and win. Win it. Yeah. How, how is, how's the body feeling? Because you, I think you broke the record for most injuries last year. Yeah. What was the full list? Full list. Oh man. Two concussions. Some stuff about my shoulder that just, it was jacked up. Okay. Jacked Up Shoulder jacked up shoulder. And then two, two different broken ribs. Oh my God. How many ribs have you broken in your career? Ooh, I think I'm up to five. Five or six. Okay. Man, nobody will ever break the record for, for Drew Brees That broke a lot of ribs that year on That one on one hit too.


Yeah. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Yeah. And then just like being a rotational athlete like you, I did one, then it got better and then I did the other one. But like, you may been doing that many at once. I know. Yeah. And still trying to throw was like, that's miserable. So how long after the season ended did you feel like you were back to a hundred percent? Or maybe the answer is you're not yet. No, I definitely, I, I feel a hundred percent going into camp. Okay. So that's, that's awesome. Okay. I was able to do everything. My shoulder didn't feel good until like, probably when we were coming back in, in April. That one, it just took a while. Yeah. Yeah. You know, Now, it just took a while, but they told me it was gonna take a while. but it is what it is. Yeah. I think Big Cat mentioned this to you when he mentioned yesterday, but we were, we were feeling for you last year and you were the most injured quarterback and we were just not because we had anything against you.


Yeah. We were like, Derrick, please take out, take a seat for a week so that Jamis can get in. We just want Jamis. We All love Jamis. Just one week and Jamis. So he does seem like the best locker room guy ever. Yeah. Jamis is one of the greatest teammates I've ever had in my life. Like, there would be things like, if I said something in practice, Hey, I need hey, like this man. He was like, times 10 louder. And like, Hey, he needs it like this, blah, blah. And like, just as a quarterback, you know, you're walking. I walked into a situation where, you know, he was their guy, you know, and who knows what happened the year before. I didn't pay much attention to it, but I know it was tough on him. Yeah. And, and now I'm walking in that situation. So who knows what it's gonna be like, you know, the organization wants to go in a different direction, all this kinda stuff. But he like blew my mind on just the kind of person he was.


Yeah. You know, like he, I, I love him as a player. You know, we all love watching him 'cause he does not care. No. And it's, yeah. It's like, you know, you're gonna watch something exciting. Yeah. Whether it be good or bad. It's gonna be exciting. It's Gonna be exciting. Someone's band's gonna play. Yeah. We just don't know which one sometimes. But the one thing I love about Jameis is, you know, he doesn't get enough credit for just how good of a player he is. Yeah. You know? 'cause he is hilarious. He is a funny teammate. He has all the sound bites and all that, like the memes galore. Right. But he's a great player, but he's just one of the greatest people. Yeah. You know? And you guys know that. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. So you, I mean, you have an interesting career because your older brother David gets drafted. Number one overall goes to the Texans. I think he broke the record for Mo most Sacks taken.


Still has it. Still has it. Tim didn't take it from last year. I know. It was like neck and neck for a while. Yeah. He still has it. He still Has it. It it was an expansion team by the way too. So it's like an impossible spot to get into. You're what, like a teenager when you're watching all this? Yeah. Was there any moment where you're watching it? Like, football might not be for me because this, I mean, I, you have to see like, you, you're sitting there and you're like, I, I feel for my brother because he's just put in a terribles spot. Absolutely. You know, just as a, you know, I'm just a kid. I'm like, I'm pretty good at basketball. Yeah, right. I'm a good shortstop, you know. Right. And you know, but like at the end of the day, I knew what I was just blessed and called to do. You know, football was just, it just came easy to me. And so, like I'm watching that and I was like, well, what a great opportunity for me to learn.


Yeah. And I remember Reggie McKenzie, our GM with the Raiders, he said, the reason I wanted to pick you so bad was you lived, you know, a very difficult thing to watch. Right. And you and your brother taught you, you were there with him, like you were at his house every day. Right. And my brother just grew me, taught me everything he could, you know, got me around all the guys. And, and so like football at that point it was like, that path looks so easy. Yeah. You know, it obviously it's not, but you know, just it, it looked n normal. Right. You know? Right. How hard was it though? Because I, you know, we're fans. We sit on the couch, a guy gets sacked for like get up, like, you know, like, come on pussy, get up. But it's your brother. Yeah. And it's your, your family is watching this and him, he's going through basically literal torture.


Yeah. Was it just like agonizing at times to watch, you know, him try to make it in the NFL and have that go down? Yeah. You know, the hardest part for me was like, I didn't understand the why yet because, you know, I'm just, I'm 15, 16 years old. I'm sitting there watching it. I don't know why, you know? Right. I don't know what the protection, I don't know what's going on. And the hardest part was watching like my mom, my grandma, and like his wife. Like that was the hardest part for me. Just as you know, we have a close family. We all love each other so dearly and deeply. And so I felt like their emotions, you know? Yeah. Like watching his wife go through, I'm like, golly. Like, she's like a nervous wreck every game because like, is he gonna be okay after this? Yeah. It wasn't like, are we gonna win?


It was like, I just want him to be intact. Yeah. Just try not to get sacked more than five times today. 100%. But you wanna talk about, like, I always prided myself on being a tough, tough, tough football player, play through anything, all that. But like some of the stuff that he went through, like, I was like, that's where I learned it. Yeah. Yeah. But I didn't, I haven't had to deal with some of the stuff he did, but, you know, thankfully. But watching it was hard, but it also gave me confidence to know like, alright, I, you know, he's like, teach me protections. You know, If you maybe if you're not so good here, you know, this is a way to fix that. Yeah. So it was a really good learning lesson. It's also I would imagine like difficult because the NFL and all pro sports, a lot of it is the situation like where you end up and who you're around and, and the situation that you're put in.


Like, was it difficult for him to watch that and be like, if I had just been drafted a little bit differently, different team, different circumstance, things could have gone a different way for me. Yeah. You know, like he, he won't say it, but like, for me watching, now that I know Right. What was going on, I can go back and watch his games. I'm like, holy crap. You know? Yeah. Like I know what I'm seeing and you know, I go back and I'm like, dude, like he's, he's way more talented than I am. Yeah. He's two 40, you know, runs a four, six throws the ball, 85 yards. Like genius smart. It's like when he went to New York and he was with Eli, like, it was really cool. He is like, I got an organization with like a great team, great system, great defense, all this kinda stuff. He's like, I'd go in the game And, it was like, we go right down the field.


It was easy. Right. You know? Right. Like, he's like, he is like, I never felt football like that since college. Right. And so it yeah, of course you think like, man, what if, what if he was in a different situation? Yeah. You know, so you, it'll never happen. But if, but It's a tough one to deal with. Yeah. 'cause you just have to sit there and be like, what if It's, it's interesting because the where he got drafted, you ended up moving, the family moved to Texas, right? Yeah. And so you played high school football in Texas for a little bit. Yep. The fact that he's on the Texans. I know how seriously they take high school football down there. Oh man. You get like a period in, in your school day. Yep. Dedicated football. That's right. The fact that he was with the Texans might've made you a better quarterback just because of the environment that you got to play in. Which is kind of crazy to think about. Yeah. 100%. Like I got to play against, you know, Houston especially, you know, Texas five a football.


Like, it was, it was insane. You know, we're going against, we played one team had 11 D one dudes just on their defense. And you're like, you know, that's, you're not gonna give that competition in Fresno, you know, no offense, but yeah, that's my hometown. but it was like, you're not gonna get that. So it absolutely helped. And then being able to, you know, throw routes to Andre Johnson wasn't bad. That Doesn't hurt either. That would de definitely, that's a fair point. That be fun. And one thing your brother's really good at, he, he is the number one Derrick car defender. It's true. It's got your back and it's good to have family in your corner like that. And he will go after anyone that says anything bad about you. Yep. When, when you were, when you were growing up and he was in the league. Yeah. I know. You don't listen to your own media. You know, you gotta try to like tune it out, not listen to Yeah. Good Or bad sports talk Radio. Yeah. Yeah. It's rat poison.


Right. Even if it's good, it's like just false sense of security. Yep. But when you're growing up and your brother's in the league Yeah. Are you listening to, are you listening to what the media's saying about him? Yeah. And then are you like calling up sports talk radio shows? You're like, Hey, this, this is Derrick from Sugarland. Yeah. He shut your mouth about David. A hundred Percent. No. You know what's funny is like, back then media was so different. Y'all, y'all remember like, it was like blogs, you know? Yeah. So I'm not going on a website to look at a blog. You actually have to like, opt into it. Yeah. Yeah. You have to like, choose, I need to see this. And so for me that was like, it was just newspaper, but like I'm, you know, teenager, I'm not reading the newspaper. Right, right. The like, and even like the team, like, I would play against people and they would just think it was cool that your brother was in the NFL.


Yeah. You know? And so like, I never, I never had to deal with anything. I don't like what he dealt with or his wife you dealt with, but like, for me as a kid, like, it was just like, my brother's in the NFLI got sick, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then you have another brother, right? Do Yeah, middle brother. Yeah. He's, he's the one who blocks everyone on Twitter. Oh, he's good. I love that. That he's ride or die. He's aggressive. Yeah. His, I think we're all blocked. His f Yeah, His, his fuse is about this big. He's like 6, 6 3 hundo, you know, benches four 50. So it's like he, I mean, he can do whatever he wants. Yeah. He and he just, he patrols the streets for you. Do you know that? Like, that He just has everyone blocked. I Didn't know that he had everybody blocked, but, which is hilarious. Yeah. No, I I it's like the most ride or die thing that I love.


It's like, I love that it's your brother. Like of course he's gonna block anyone who says shit about you. Of course. Yeah. And, and I, I'll take him blocking someone rather than him reacting. Yeah. Because there's times, times like where he'll react and I'll be like, bro, it doesn't matter bro. Like Yeah. Like they're doing a job. Like, at the end of the day, like if I saw him, they'd probably be like, what's up Derrick? I'd be like, what's up? You know? Yeah. Right, right. And so I was like, bro, don't, like, don't react to him, but like, for, for me to say that to him, I'm still little brother. So he is like, yeah, bro. Like shut up. Yeah. Right, right. That's probably a good time to bring this up then. You actually blocked me on Twitter. Oh, I did. And so what was it about? Well, so I, I I did some research. 'cause when you Okay. I'm not blocked. When You left, I checked you left the Raiders and then you posted like a goodbye statement. Okay. And then the guy sent that in the group chat. They're like, Hey, Derek, Carr just said goodbye.


Yep. I couldn't see it. And I was like, oh, what's going on? He's got me blocked. So Hank looked it up. We did this live on, on PMT like three years ago. Yep. So you tweeted out, this is like seven years ago. Okay. Those who control their tongue will have a long life opening. Your mouth can ruin everything. Yeah. I've done, and I, I replied, are you talking about herpes? So I think that's a fair reply, right? Yeah. That is. Yo, that's so funny. That's a fair reply. Yeah. Fair. So I think that's it. Did it fair? But I maybe you just saw herpes and you were like, block, block. Yeah. Maybe. Yeah. 'cause like that doesn't seem like something I'd block you for usually. Honestly, if I block you, it is probably something to do. Someone said something about my teammate, my team, or me.


Yeah. Because I And it has nothing to do. Like I had this, this one dude with the Raiders like media. He was like, you blocked me, da da. I'm like, you probably said something stupid. Yeah. Right. And I, and I just don't want someone to like it or what. And I see it. Right. I said, it has nothing is it's freaking social media. Right. It's not personal. Right. You know, but I was like, my mindset is like, I know I'm emotional, so I try, I have to defend myself to get away from that. Yeah, sure. And so, I don't know. I don't think the herpes thing would've got me. Yeah. It could have been something else. But this is the one interaction I think that's hilarious that we had. But to I'm totally fine with you blocking me. I think it's probably good for you to block me. You don't need to see my thoughts. That's true. I'm very dumb. Yeah. If everyone in this room is agreeing, I probably should agree with that. Yeah. Yeah. Just keep me blocked. That's actually keep him blocked.


You should do that at the rookie symposium. Just put out like a list of people. Block all the aggregators. Yeah. Block. PFT commentary. If I'm not, if I, I'm not blocked. So if p ft has something he wants to tweet at you, he can tell me. And then I'll be like, this is coming from PFT. I think that's a great way to do that. Yeah. And then you can judge from that And I'll get blocked. That's Fine. I don't care. Yeah. That's Hilarious. I mean, you, you, you said it, you you are emotional, which I, I feel like everyone has always been like, Derek Carr, iss one of the best teammates and like, he's the heartbeat of the team. Especially with everything. You guys went through that Raider season coaches, you know, the, was it rugs? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Same here. I, I blanked his, I blanked his name for a sec. Sorry. Yep. Do you think too, that maybe because your eyebrows and your eyelashes are a little dark, people think you're wearing mascara.


Everybody look. I can try. Have you ever wor mascara? Never once. It's a better way to ask. Never once in my life are you sure. Try and prove it to you. Yep. Nothing Coming off. There's nothing There. Nothing coming off. Is it Tattooed on? No. Have you? I have a lot of tattoos, but no. Okay. Yes. Do you, do you realize that sometimes it looks like you're wearing mascara? Absolutely. Like I, my whole life I had to deal with that. I used to get made fun of when I was a kid. And, it was my mom's fault. 'cause she prayed like that. I'd have like these bright blue eyes and I was like, well God maybe just made my eyelashes darker so my eyes looked better. Yeah, right. I was like, mom, that's really your fault. Yeah, that is. I get made fun of all the freaking time, bro. I'm like, I don't know how else to prove it to everybody. I think you should start wearing mascara because then it's like, it actually be ridiculous. Yeah. Right. Like, then everyone's like, what do like, yeah. Oh, it looks like Derek Carr wears mascara.


It's like, yeah, I do. Oh yeah. What are you gonna say now? Oh yeah, I got the whole goth thing. I got the whole Oh. I was like, bro, like, I, I don't know how else to react. Yeah. I did think that you were the first goth quarterback ever when you got drafted. Yeah. I expecting you to show up wearing like a cannibal Corps shirt and just like sulking around all the time. Gruden would've had a lot of fun With that, I would imagine. Oh, Gruden, Gruden used to tell me, that's what brings it up is like, he would be like, we'd have like a bad game or we'd lose, he'd be like, he'd look at me with his little growl and he'd be like, you love the misery. I really don't. I really don't. I don't The misery. Yeah. I mean that he's an all time football guy. I would imagine he's, he gave it to you guys a lot. I'm sure. Absolutely. You know what, what people don't know about him is like one, everyone on our team loved him.


Yeah. Hands down. He, he came out and told us everything. He said, this is what I said, this is what I meant guys. Like hopefully you know me by now, how I feel about you. And we were like, okay. And we went on with our day. We didn't know it was gonna lead to Yeah. What it led to. Yeah. And then I guess when you call the commissioner certain things Yeah. It's probably not gonna end well. Yeah. Football puy. Yeah. It's probably not gonna end well. That was kind of a cool line though. Yeah. I'm not gonna lie, but He, but he just, like, he would obviously rip everybody. He would tell me going out to practice, he's like, look, I I'm gonna cuss you out because I need to cuss somebody else out and they need to see the quarterback getting ripped. I'd be like, absolutely, dude. Yeah. Like, I don't care. Would would he ever go like extra when you're like, all right's? He, he would keep going and I'd be like, all right bro.


Like, we better be squabbling. We Did, we did it. We cussed out. Yeah. You proved your point. Yeah. Yeah. But He was great. 'cause like he, he, as you guys see like all the clips of him doing that to guys, like, there's not enough clips of how much he would love on a guy and encourage 'em. Yeah. Like any, any free agent, we would sign veteran. He would put like clips of them up in the team meeting and he'd show like their three best plays. And he'd be, he'd just be like, look at this dude. Da da, you're gonna play your best football for me. This is what we're gonna do and I'm gonna put you in position. And like all of a sudden everyone's like, I'll run through a wall for this guy. Yeah. You know, so he just, he doesn't get enough credit for that side of him too. Yeah. Yeah. Would He just walk around muttering to himself? Like Spider two y Banana. Oh Yeah. Spider Two y Banana. Jeff Leonardo is like one of his like closest friends.


Kay. And what Jeff Leonardo would do is any saying he would have, or a play that he always said he'd make shirts. So we'd come in one day and there'd just be like a picture of a spider to and a banana. Yeah. And so every day it just, he would've sayings, he would literally be mumbling them to himself. And the next day Jeff would've a shirt with it. I love it. It was great. He, he loved running spider two wide banana. Absolutely. That was one of our favorites. Was There ever a time where like, all right, maybe this doesn't call for spider two wide banana coach. Oh, You know what's crazy with him is he's the king of that play. He called it like, I wanna say we were like a hundred percent on that play. Hey Listen, if it works, bam. It, yeah. He's like, he's playing Madden. He's just spamming a, a play over and Over. We used to do the Y banana, the corner, then we would do like the little hide one.


You know, you always see like the, you've looked this way and then throw it to the guy wide open over here. Yep. Yeah. We hit that play. I'm not kidding you. I was like, there's no way it's gonna work like four weeks in a row. Right. And, it was open every time. That's crazy. Oh yeah. And you can't shake off Spider two wide bay banana. You can't be like, no, we're not rolling that You, that'll be in every playbook for the rest of my life. Yeah. Yeah. I I imagine that you gotta spend some time with John Madden as well. I didn't get time. You didn't meet him? Just family members, but, okay. Which is, it sucks. Yeah. Yeah. Him and Kenny Stabler, like, I met Kenny Stabler's family, but never got time with him. Yeah. Okay. The, the other all time football guy you, you played with or played for, I know it wasn't your full career, but Pat Hill Yes. Is my favorite. We actually have a gambling trophy named after Pat Hill. Do you really? Yes. Because I love that.


I mean, and he, his anytime, any place anywhere. Yeah. Fresno State teams where he'd be like, yeah, we'll go play Oregon, then we'll go play FSU, then we'll go play USC. Yeah. The best. So what, what was like the recruiting process? Obviously he knew you because of your brother, but like, w was it a no-brainer that you were gonna go play for Pat Hill? Yeah. Like I Your dad offered you too, right? No, no, no, No, no. So he called my dad. Yeah. Right. Okay. So I, I was getting recruit. So I was in Houston and I was getting recruited, like starting in freshman football by everybody, you know? I was like, what? You know, I didn't see this in California. So I'm getting recruited. I'm getting offered, I'm starting to get, well, pat calls my dad, he's like, Hey, I'm, this was my junior year. He's like, Hey, I'm checking on Dave. How's Dave doing? You know?


'cause Dave's not gonna answer his phone, you know? Right. That's Dave's doing. And my dad was like, oh, Dave's doing great, but Derek's waiting for you to call him. And as you could tell, he, pat was probably saying a few words, that little m effort, I didn't know he wanted to come to us, you know? And he offered me, like, through my dad. My dad's like, Hey, Fresno offered, I was like, what? And I wanted to commit right away. 'cause like, the whole time, like, I just loved that city. I loved the ramp. Like, I was like, I want to get my name up there next to Dave's. Like, I'd just be like, what a, what a cool thing that would be like, just for our family. Right. You know? And, and like, he was like, I called him the next day. I was like, I'm coming. He's like, okay, good. Don't tell anybody. 'cause when we get good players to commit to us, like USC offers, like get, I was like, man, screw that.


You know? I told him. And sure enough, USC showed up the next day Oh. At my school. Like, all this. But like, you Sure? Yeah. You sure you want to? Yeah. But nah, I, I was like, I'm gonna Fresno. So it worked out. He's an all time football guy. He's my favorite. Yeah. Oh my gosh. What was He like, just like, day to day you'll Love this. Like, so this is like perfect Pat Hill. He's, he's aggressive. Yep. You, you what, what you see is what you get. But I'll never forget two stories. My freshman year we kept dropping snaps. 'cause I was in the shotgun my whole senior year. Right. So I gotta learn how to play under center. Well, I drop a snap and he goes, that's it. Get in here. And he gets down, grabs the ball with two hands like this. He's like, get in here. And he's only wearing grays.


I'm like, bro, it was the nastiest snap I ever took him off. But I got the snap. And then he think, and then right there, he's like, that solved all the problems. Yeah. So, so we did that. And then like, later in that practice, I remember it was my first practice. And I go to take a snap in like nine on seven or half line run. And I, I say, said hu and they snapped it too soon. And I break my finger and it's like, out like this. I put it back in. He's like, time to learn how to be tough. Get back in there. So I, man, I went back in there broken finger. I, I handed the ball off right handed all day. But like, that was Pat's way of like, like pushing you to become a man. Yeah. You know? And he did that for sure. And It was great. Like tho those Fresno teams, like, he, he basically was like, we're not afraid of anyone.


We're I, we know we're not on the same level talent wise, but it doesn't matter. We'll go play football. It's, and it's beautiful. Yeah. And, it worked for him. Yeah. You know, and hopefully we can bring that back someday. Yeah. Yeah. And talk about spamming plays. There's probably a lot of like devonte's down there somewhere. Yes, absolutely. Especially with some of the people we were playing, like, yeah. Like we played one team and literally at the coin toss, this was when me and Te were like, at our peak before the game, we're throwing routes. And the coaches are like, we have no chance. I threw a ball from like, the back 40, like threw it 60 or 70 yards. Hit the goal post. Like, they're like, we have no chance. Come out to the coin toss. And like, they had a couple dbs and they're like, but please take it easy on, honestly, College football's a college football game. Geez.


I believe it though. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You guys were electric. What, what was the, the scouting process like for the NFL coming outta Fresno? Did you have to answer questions about like, why'd you go to a small school? 'cause I know they, they like lean on you on that stuff. Like Yeah. They're trying to find any, any bit of mental weakness that you have. Yeah, 100%. And like they, they, they picked on that a lot. Like, you didn't play against good competition. How you gonna play against the NFL? And then like, you would have to be like, I mean, I did play against good, you know, this guy's in the league that I played, Bobby Wagner, you know, like all these guys. And, and so like, I was like, I understand I didn't play in the SEC, but this was my choice to go to school I love. And hopefully that just bruised my loyalty and what I'll do for a team. Right. Yeah. Was, was Mark Davis involved in those conversations? I never talked to Mark.


No. Not, not before. Not before. Not before. Just, just Dennis Allen and Greg Olson. He seems like the coolest guy ever. Yeah. Have you ever gone to PF Chang's with him? I never went to PF Changs, but he was there every Day. Yeah. I know. We want to, we want, like, that's our dream, is to go to PF Changs with Mark Davis. He would absolutely. I, yeah, he Has to do that. I know he's There, so it's easy for him. Right. We should just show up. Yeah. Honestly, he drives a little van around, drives A little van. He's got a little mini coup. He's got, he's got a lot of cars. Yeah. Yeah. But that guy, he's, I'll tell you this man, like Mark was, mark has been, and will always be, he's been so good to me. You know, he is like the biggest critic of his football team. But at the same time, nobody loves him more. You know what I mean? Right, right. And so, yeah, sure. There's times where he's probably super frustrated with me.


You know, why didn't we do this? Why? But he just wants to understand 'cause he didn't come like from that football, like, you know, coaching background and all that. Right. And so he just wants to understand the why. Yeah. And so, you know, as he keeps surrounding himself, you know, Tom's there now in the ownership, And, it looked like Seymour may join and all that. Like, as he keeps surrounding himself with like football people and all that, and understanding that the process and that, I think that they'll have more success. Yeah. And so, And he also just swaggy as hell. I fricking love it. The the white Jeans, the all white, all white is such a good look. Oh yeah. I mean, the haircut. Yeah. I mean, you, It's A crazy haircut. He's the only one in the world who can pull it Off. He told me, he's like, so when I signed my first contract with him, he's like, I'm gonna buy you a car. I was like, all right.


Sick. Like, Do I need to take it outta the deal. He's like, no, don't even worry about it. You know, Ferrari Got you. I was like, sick man. 'cause we always talk about cars together. And so he's like, I'm coming over. So he comes over and he pulls out this car about this big so Ferrari. He's like, I got for your kids. I already gave you enough money. I was like, but it was, I was like, this dudes awesome. Oh Yeah. That's a good prank. Did he get his haircut cut in the facility? Never saw that. Okay. Yeah. I would love to just be there to watch his Hair. I would like Find He might cut his own hair. He Could. I know. I know that there's one person that does it and wherever that like, he flies them in. I do know that. That's perfect. Yeah. That's perfect. I, I, yeah. We need to get pf James Mark Davis.


Absolutely. He'd be a great interview. Yeah.


We're gonna get back to Derek Carr in a second. He's brought to you by via tour. Hank and I went on a nice little trip thanks to via tour last year. We did a little riverboat cruise in Chicago. Got to know the city via tour's. A tool that you can use to plan and book travel experiences all around the world. The app and website make it easy to explore 300,000 plus travel experiences. So you can discover what's out there no matter where you're traveling and what you're interested in. If you're planning a late July vacation, August vacation, go into Via tour, see what Vitor has to offer in the city that you're traveling to. They can get you hooked up with great experiences, perfect travel experiences for you. They have free cancellation. It helps you plan for the unexpected and 300,000 plus travel experiences to choose from. It means that you can plan something that everyone that you're traveling with will enjoy. They also have 24 7 customer service. So you can know that you'll get support at any hour if things aren't going as planned. And they have real traveler reviews. So you get to hear inside information from the people who've already been on the experience that you're considering. Download the Vitor app now. Use Code Vitor 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. Find travel experiences for you. Do more with Vitor. Download the Vitor app now. Use Code Vitor 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app.


Derek Carr is also brought to you by our great friends over at Keeps. That's right. Keeps, helps men reclaim their identity. Keeps is all about confidence. If your hair has always been a part of who you are and something that you want to keep around keeps can help hair or no hair, we think you should be the one to decide. With a full suite of products designed to regrow hair, maintain your hairline or help you cover bald spots. Keeps, helps you find the exact product suited to your hair loss needs, keeps, offers hair thickening, shampoo, conditioner, styling, pomade. These products work together to compliment your treatment plan. And they enhance results by making thinning hair look thicker. Using a special formula designed by hair loss experts. They support healthy hair growth with natural science ingredients like biotin, caffeine, green tea, and saw Palmetto thanks to keeps for sponsoring this podcast. Hear Loss Stops With Keeps for a special offer to get started, go to keeps.com/pmt. That's KEEP s.com/pmt. They're shampoo, by the way. Smells fantastic. Some of these other hair loss treatments doesn't smell good. Keeps us good smelling stuff for sure. Results may vary. Not offered in every state medications. Prescribed only if clinically appropriate consultation required.


And now here's more. Derek Carr. Speaking of teammates, what was your favorite memory of Antonio Brown that week? Was it a week? So me and ab, I loved ab. Yeah. You know, I loved AB even at the end. Like he was like, you know, Derek Carr good dude, but couldn't handle ab. And I was like, you know what, you're probably right. Like, wait, that also is like kind of telling on himself, like, couldn't handle ab. It's like, well dude, like could you just tone it down? I like, you're Probably right. And I, I was waiting for him to say something crazy. 'cause I got like, you know, that's when I got mad at Pat McAfee actually. 'cause Pat was like, Hey, B, probably couldn't get the ball in practice and probably just wanted to leave. And I was like, bro, I got about 40 clips. Yeah. Of, I thought I was gonna win MVP that year. Yeah. You know, Getting him the ball.


Oh My gosh. I was like this. He's the Hardest Practicing player I've ever seen in my life. Yeah. And he practices hard. He competes at just a different level. And you know, hopefully he's a hall of famer, like as a player. He's A hall of famer. Yeah. Or insane. Yeah. Insane. Yeah. And I, I love my time with him. I let him borrow my car. You know, like when he was in town, like, he came out like, it's like a little three, four seater Mercedes. Like eight people come jumping out of it to come film. I was like, I'd freaking love this. Yeah. You know, And, it was only, what was it, like two weeks we Had it. Well, I, it, it depends like into camp. I think it was two Weeks. Yeah. Yeah. But so we had him in the office before, so we had A lot of time together throwing and, but my, my man, there's so many freaking stories.


Yeah. I mean, the hard knocks is like, it was just an electric hard knocks. My favorite part of that is like, you wanna see my feet? He's like, I would love to see your feet. I need you out at practice. But I'll never forget, he came, he comes out to practice the first time after all that, he comes out in training camp. He runs a post corner and usually we run the post corner and we want him flat at about, you know, 25, 30 yards. This man runs a post corner and takes off to the back pilon. I'm like, oh crap. I had to throw this thing like 70 yards. He just runs it down, catches it, ah, goes like this. And then to nobody, you know? Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, wow. He comes running back, he's like, let's go again. He said, throw me a go. He goes over there, runs a go out. I launch this go route. He freaking takes off touchdown.


I'm like, I'm looking at Gru. I'm like, bro, I'm, I might throw for 6,000 yards with him. Waller, all these. I like, Holy crap. Yeah. And then his trainer comes out. Yeah. A's done today. I Was like, I was like, okay. Yeah. I was like, perfect. He showed enough. Just Get him to Sunday for Yeah. Right, right. You got a buried lead on that though. Did you ever see his feet? I did see his feet. Were they were they messed up? They were messed up. Wait, how did he get frost by again? It was like in a cryo bathroom. Cryo Oh yeah. Maybe wet socks in a cryo. Yeah. Which I did not know that was a thing. Yeah. I didn't either. They, I've never heard anybody tell me that, so I'm glad Yeah. I didn't walk in there and do that. Yeah. There was the sock thing. There was the, the hot air balloon. And hot air Balloon was awesome. Yep. It was great. He had the helmet. He didn't like his helmet. Didn't Like his helmet. Tried to fight Mike Mayak.


Yes. Oh, okay. So just like, it was Like, it was like the most impactful two weeks ever. He was really heard from, I, I thoroughly, I'll say this, like, I really enjoyed my time. Like, you sit down one-on-one you like, you have a great conversation. Like he is awesome. Yeah. But then he'll do something. It's just hilarious. Yeah. And everyone would like come to me like, Derek, can you go talk to him? Like, I was like, bro, just let him be. Yeah. You know? Right. If that's the biggest knock on your career that you couldn't handle ab I think I I like that. That's the line where you're like, yeah, you know, I'm gonna agree with the media on this one. Yeah. I Was like, you know what, I couldn't get it done. Yeah. You know what? You're probably, I I failed you. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah. I did my best. You Do seem like the best teammate ever. And and we give you a lot of credit for the way things shook out in Las Vegas.


I'll just say, 'cause you won't say you're too nice. Josh McDaniels was a snake and the way that whole thing went down was it was very snake-like, and you just put your best face forward. Yeah. And then you have an opportunity to go out and, and kind of select your next steam. Yeah. Saints are talking to you. The jets are talking to you. Right. Yep. Yep. So with the Jets thing, that was weird because you had to know they were also, they wanted Aaron Rogers, right? Yeah. Yeah. And the thing which was different in that situation, like, you know, Aaron's a 9 billion time MVP Right. And all that kind of stuff. But you still have to trade for him. Whereas I'm free, you know, and you can still keep those picks. You can still, I, I'm, I'm not, I was not asking for as much money as, as whatever your market, whatever they say your market is.


Like, I was like, I don't wanna do that because I want wherever I go, man, I just wanna win. Right. And so use the money. I don't care. And, and so that situation, I remember sitting there with s he's like, look man, we'd love to have you. Like, it's like, up to you. You know? I was like, I would love to make that decision right now. I, because Robert saw it is he is like, I am like probably his biggest fan. Like I absolutely 10 outta 10 love him, would run through a wall for him. Even if he's not my coach. I'd still like, if he was like, I need you to do this. Yes sir. Like, I would do it. Yeah. And, and so like that whole situation, that was the hardest thing. 'cause my brother knew Coach sla and he was like, he knew I love New Orleans, but he's like, you're gonna see sla. He was like, you're probably gonna stay. Yeah. Like, he, he was like, thinking I was gonna sign 'cause of 'cause of sla And I remember going there and I was like, I promised myself I had to go through the process because I didn't want to sign and then think, well, what did that team think?


Right. Or what could they do? You know? Right. And so that was hard. But yeah. I mean it was, it was a weird situation, but at the same time, like trading for Aaron wasn't a guarantee. Yeah. You know, for them, you know, at that time. Yeah. Yeah. So you could have made the decision. Right then It was, it was in your court there. They were like, we want you to be the quarterback. I Could have. Yeah. I could have. But there was, it just wasn't the right time for me. 'cause I had, there was still like four or five teams that I had to hear from. Right. And so it just, it ended up working out, you know, for really, for both of us. Yeah. Yeah. So then you go to New Orleans. How long after you became a saint did you actually start hating the Bucks? It didn't, it didn't take me long. Because literally, like, they talk about the Bucks and the Falcons Falcons obviously. Yeah. Yeah.


Like, I was like, well, I was like, what about the Panthers? You know, like Yeah. Right. But like, like the Falcons and the buck, like in our building and like around town, like there's like a real hatred. Oh yeah. For some southern really kind people. Yeah. They really hate those teams. Yeah. The Bucks. Yeah. The Bucks. Saint schemes. I feel like there's been a million fights too. Oh Yeah. Especially Marshawn. I Know. Yeah. With La la lad's competitive. So him and Mike, they'd be getting after it always. Yeah. You can pencil that in. Like, Mike Evans probably will get ejected in the second quarter this Game. Yeah. It's crazy. 'cause I know the fan. I think If, you were to ask Saints fans, they would say they hate the Falcons. Yeah. Like, that's, that's the big one. Yeah. But in terms of like, on the field stuff that we've seen, it's been like Saints bucks. Yeah. Just like a, a like World War Ii.


Oh yeah. I think there's some like deep personal stuff there. Like where people are just like, I just hate that man. Yeah. Yeah. Like when we, when we come in that week and you're like, all right Sean, you got Mike. It's like, he just blacks out like for five days. Yeah. You're like, oh he'll, he'll, he'll be ready on something. Yeah. He's ready to go. Yeah. Yeah. What do you think the media gets wrong about Derek? Carr? Oh, I don't know. Or like, what do Yeah. Like, you know, I, there's, there's definitely perception about every guy. Yeah. but it, it's always good. I always like to give people a chance, be like, Hey, look like this is who, who I am. This is what I'm about. That people get wrong about me. You know, it's hard. Like, I know it sounds so silly, but like, I really have done my best, especially the last few years.


Like, I just don't read or hear. Yeah. You know, I try and block all that out. But for me, like I can tell you like, about me, like I'm, I, I absolutely worked my tail off. I've tried from the beginning to be someone that kids could look at and be like, he does things the right way. Yeah. You know, like he, he grinds, he's maxed out whatever God gave him, you know, and he's gonna be a great teammate and he's gonna play consistent, hopefully good football. Yeah. You know, and I think, I think, you know, the way with the Raiders, how it ended and stuff like that, you know, the one thing I can't get rid of is on Instagram, these people put these lists out of quarterback rankings. Yeah. And that stuff, People, those people are the worst. Where was, We're not gonna look at us. I don't know. I don't know what it was A Jack at 17 just to piss people off.


We do, we do them as trolls. And it's so much fun. And my brother actually does the same thing too. He, he'll be like, yeah, Joe Montana's not one of the greatest. Even though, you know, he like, people just start responding. Yeah. They go, they get, people get mad about quarterbacks. 100%. And so I think like, I think the disrespect of like, you know, some of the stuff I've been able to accomplish and like stuff I've put on film, like even the last half of last year, I was like, bro, that was the last half of last year was probably my best football I've played, you know, and, you know, 2016 MVP season that people wanna talk about in this season that's like, bro, like I feel like I'm going getting better. You Know? Yeah. That's Awesome. I got comfortable. I feel like I'm getting better. I love my teammates and I don't know.


So I don't know what people are saying, but like, I just feel like, like I'm still that guy. Yeah. You know? Yeah. I'm still that guy. Yeah. And you know, none of it matters until you go prove it. You know? But we won nine games and we didn't really even play good. Yeah. You know? Yeah. And So, yeah. You guys have felt like it was always like one step forward, one step back, or two steps back kind of thing. Yeah. That's how it felt. So hopefully, you know, we can just go out there and prove it. You know, that's what we wanna do. But I still feel like now I'm at the, you know, at the best part of my game. Yeah. So hopefully I can go out there and prove that. This Year, I think we had you at 15 and I think we had Tsum Hill at 14. TAs TSTs, him. Iss the best football player I've ever played with. He really is awesome. He's, he's a jackknife. He does everything. He's unbelievable. A jackknife Swiss Army knife. Yeah. There We go. So Ronald Curry, who is the greatest athlete of all time, I'll say that was our quarterback coach last year.


RC was like, bro, when Esso runs the football, he sees red. Yeah. So I know that you're out there on the edge, probably wide open. He won't see you. Yeah. So we're playing in Carolina, I think it was Monday night Football. We're on the five yard line. He runs a keeper right at me and I, I see my corner take off. 'cause they're like, they always talk about don't touch anybody. Yeah. Don't jam a finger for no reason. Right. So he takes off and I slip and I'm open in the end zone. And I look at tso's face and for the nicest person in the world, I looked at him as the most violent, angry. And he just puts his head down between like three dudes and pretty much trucked him all. Yeah. Yeah. And I was like, dude, that was like the most violent, impressive thing I've ever seen. Yeah. But he can do everything. He can do Everything.


Throws, runs, catches, fullback, quarterback, tight end Receiver slots, puns, blocks, punts. Yeah. Personal protector. Yeah. I was like, I don't just 'cause of how stats work. I don't know how toll work, but like that man is a hall of fame football player. Yeah. 'cause he does every, he's, he's the true sense of a football player. Yes. He plays everything. He Really is. Yeah. Love it. He just looks at a linebacker and then you just know he's gonna run at that linebacker's face. That's it. Like I'm, I see a face, I'm gonna run through the face. Yes. I feel like Sean Payton was in love with him. Oh yes. But he like had a weird man crush on 'em. Right. Big Time. Absolutely. Big time. Oh gosh. Yes. Sean Big, they like, they taught, I got nervous when, when I came. Especially like, I didn't know how, how we handled the cap situation in New Orleans.


Somehow they always figure it out. Yeah. They're always in cap out. But somehow like all of a sudden we're signing Chase Young. I'm like, how did we just do that? Yeah. You know, but I was like nervous like, oh man, Sean's definitely gonna try and trade for him or try and get him out. But thankfully I'm like, dude, please don't let Tasso go. Yeah. Like that's my, that's my guy. Like don't let him go. Yeah. Have You ever caught a touchdown? Not in the NFL. I was wide open. Darren McFadden, we ran a wild cap play my rookie year and I'm wide open down the side and he was throwing it And. it ended up getting tipped at the line of scms. Ah. That would've been my one. That Would've been the one. So hopefully the other football guy we gotta talk about real quick, 'cause we're big fans of him is Rich Versace. Yes. When he came into the locker room, was it just the vi because a again, that was the season that everything could've gone wrong, went wrong for the Raiders.


Yeah. But he, like, we wanted him to get the job. He was, he felt like such a football guy. Yeah. It, I would imagine it would felt like that when in the locker room. Like everyone just rallying around this guy. Yeah. Man's man. Yeah. Yeah. Man's man cared just as much as he cared about us winning and all that. He cared about you as being a husband and a dad. And like two, two quick examples of him. Like he, the whole Cleveland game like gets postponed. We don't know if we're taking our flight. Like we're about to get on the plane and they end up getting us off the plane. So they end up postponing the game like two days. He's like, guys, next two days take 'em off. Rest your bodies and you get your mind Right. And prove to me that what I did was the right thing. We came out and we were like the most aggressive I've ever seen our team.


Like everyone did it because we didn't wanna let 'em down. You're right. For giving us those two days off. Yeah. You know, which I was like two days off before a game. Right. That's insane. Yeah. You know, but crazy times. But he does that. And then the other thing, he's like, you know what you need to do? He's like, you need to write a letter. And he said, you need to start writing letters and you know, during this busy time and let your wife know how you feel about her. And I was like, I was like, I was like, write a letter about like team, you know what? Yeah, yeah. Right. Write a to your wife and just tell her thank you. And he said, sometimes I'll do it and I'll put it in the mailbox for my wife. So she'll find it Whenever she checks me. I'm like, this guy's the most, well-rounded all around person coach I've ever been around. Yeah. And so like, he had the heart of our team. We all wanted him. We all, we all are like, okay, we have everything set now, Derek, go figure out how to get Tay here.


Yeah. And we're good and we'll just build on what we have. And they ended up obviously making a different choice. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. They did. That was bad choice. Different vibes. I was just saying for sure. They hired a snake for sure. Different vibes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So that, that must have been an interesting time for you guys. The craziest game maybe in the NFL in terms of like, the way it was set up and what we almost saw happen was that game where you could have tied the chargers, right? Yeah. Yeah. Where both teams could have gone to the playoffs. It's a good memory. And, it goes into overtime, right? Was it 29? 29? Yeah, I think so. I think, yeah. Was there ever any talk about maybe we just let the teams tie and everybody wins.


So I think there probably was on the sideline, but in the huddle, like all of a sudden, like, so we, we had a third down and I hit Zay Jones on a bench route. I, I remember I stepped up hit Zay and so I'm like, oh, here we go. Like our mindset was like, go score. This is a rival. Kick them out. You know, like our mind like Yeah. We like there was, that was one of the most violent games I played too. Yeah. Like it was everyone's battling for their life. Yeah. Basically. And, and then we, we ran the ball. I think we ran it. I'm like, wait, what's going on here? So I remember there was a timeout and I walked over there. I was like, let's end the freaking game. Send them home. Yeah. I was like, even if we miss the kick, like the worst thing that can happen is we get it blocked and they run it back. Obviously. I get that.


But I was like, you got Carlson who never misses, you know, especially with the game on the line. I was like, let's just get in there and let's run the football. So then Josh ends up making a great run and get in us in position. And then they were like, all right, run it down. Take the time out. We'll kick it. 'cause there was a thought of if we just let the clock run out, we're In. Yeah. We're all in. Yeah. And Pittsburgh would've hated that. Yep. Yep. So hopefully I think a lot of fans would've hated that I You guys did the right thing. Like you played a win Football play to win. Yeah. And, and and Rich was that way too. Yeah. So maybe they were talking about it, but at the end he was like, no, beat 'em. Yeah. Like let's go beat these guys. Yeah. Especially he gets to send his kicker out there. Yeah. It's his special teams likes. That's true. Good. That's Good point. You know, let's, let's do it that way. So, Yeah. Alright, well Derrick, this has been awesome. I have one last questions.


Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos. Hoodies. Joggers, shorts. 20% off Rollback promo code Take.


This has been so much fun. We really appreciate you sitting down with us. How often, this is a tough question. How often have you watched the inadvertent whistle from the Bengals game? Oh Man, that was crazy. That's still, I I I watched it last night before this interview. Yeah. And the whistle did come after Joe threw the ball. but it still is like the craziest thing. 'cause you can see everyone stop playing. Yeah. And it's like, what the hell just happened? That one was hard because like, it was, I mean, whoever won that game, to be honest, like we felt like it was set up for that team to have a good chance to get the Super Bowl. Yeah. Just the way the seatings were and all like where you had to play and all that kind of stuff and the matchups. Right. And so for us, we were like, I sit back there and watch 'em, like how, what could have been, you know?


Yeah. And the one that I think the one that hurts the most is the last play to me is when I had to force the ball in there, you know, the last play of the game and I got jammed this ball in there and it's like, you know, even even our coach, like I wish I, I wish we just got everybody in the end zone on c on a certain play. Yeah. So you could read it out and try and give someone a one-on-one. But like, I think of those two plays like all the time when I'm working out. Yeah. Like I'm like, I'm gonna get back to that situation. Yeah. You know, and like, it just, it fuels you, you know? Yeah. You, you gotta find like I'm my, my, my caddy who was my best friend. He is like, you're a psychopath. Because like, I'll make stories up. Like you talk about like, I see Jordan do that. He's like, I make stories up. Like yeah. They, they thought I, you know, couldn't do this. Or they thought, you know, I'm like, he's like, bro, you're freaking weird. You know? But those are, those are two, that's a game and that's a play like, and the whistle thing.


You're like, I gotta get back there. Yeah. You know, you will like A, like a, a vision board. Just think about that. Do you ever think about when you're working out like getting way, way stronger in case you have to make a tackle? Like, like Mac Jones did when they did that double lateral against you guys? How crazy was that? That was nuts. So I remember sitting there and first of all just being a Raider and Raider fans know this so I'm not being mean about it. We have lost in some crazy ways. That's a fact in the last 10 years plus. Right. And I remember when he broke the last scrimmage and took off, I was like, there's no freaking way we're about to lose it Like this on a run where they're trying to run the clock out. He threw that ball back in the air, which I've never seen before.


And Chandler caught it and I was like, there's no way Mac tackles him. Yeah. Like the Chandler's just Chandler's arms are like from here to there. Not a fair fight. And when he broke that tackle around, it was the craziest thing ever. But what I have learned is I tried to hit Mike Mitchell in Pittsburgh one time. There was a fumble, which was a blown whistle. I didn't hear the whistle 'cause it was so loud. And he takes off, I take off and I hit him as hard as I could, which probably looked just normal. Yeah. And my whole shoulder went numb and I couldn't move it. And my coach said, If, you ever do that again? I just won't play you. Yeah. And I was like, okay. So now I let people get past me and I just grab 'em. Yeah, There you go. Yeah. Smart. I'll take a horse call. Smart move. Yeah. He's a Backpack on him. Just let him go by and then jump on. I'd do a pick against Kansas City.


I let Breland get in front of me and then I went and because I could chase him and then I grabbed him and throw him back. Yeah. You Just gotta show a little bit of effort for the tape. you don't have to make the tackle. Yeah. You just gotta try. Yeah. You gotta be like, all right, there he is running down the field. That's fine. I Try, I had one last year. I threw a pig against the Rams. It's terrible throw but I, I didn't see the guy throw it and I'm standing there and I'm like, please cut back. And he runs right at me. I was like crap. And then finally he cut back. I just jumped on the tackle, try and get a stat. So yeah, there You go. Yeah, exactly. Well Derek, thank you so much man. We appreciate it. Absolutely. Appreciate you guys. It's been a lot of fun. Tell your brother to maybe unblock us. I'll talk. You don't unblock people Don, but Tell your brother we Got a system now. I'm not going to. 'cause I like our system. Yeah, yeah. But your brother could unblock us. Yeah. And we'll probably get blocked again like two seconds later but that's fine.


That's okay. s part of the game. Yeah. It's all love. It's cat. Cat and mouse. Nah, I appreciate you guys for real. Yeah. And Good luck to you so much. Thank you. Yep. Thanks. I hope you win. Yep. Thank you.


Derek. Carr was brought to you by Shady Rays. Get ready for the season with the official sunglasses brand of Barstool Sports. It's Shady Rays our friends have you covered with our newest and bold premium polarized shades. They're kicking off the most anticipated release of 2024 with a limited edition of the rival collection. It's a new single lens style. It's in Barstool Blue with a premium stool and stars lens etch. They are aggressive, they're awesome looking shades perfect for the summertime. If you're looking for something more casual, the classics are also getting the Barsol treatment. Both of these styles are perfect for all day, everyday comfort and performance. They have hundreds of options to choose from. So you're bound to find the perfect pair for your style. And If, you don't love your shades, you can exchange them for a new pair or return them worry free within 30 days. There's no risk with shady rays. The team always has your back. You have personal fast support. Head to shady rays.com, use code PMT get 35% off polarized sunglasses. That's shady rays.com promo code PMT 35% off their polarized sunglasses. Try for yourself the shades rated five stars by over 300,000 people.


And now for something completely different. Okay we now welcome on our good friend Shane Bacon. You can listen to him on Get a Grip and Ping Proving Grounds. He's got a book, the Golfer Zoo, great children's book. He is a golf guy through and through. And we wanted to do an open championship preview with Shane. So Shane, let's start with this. Let's start with a, I know you always have great stories and backgrounds, but Royal Troon give us the background of Royal Troon, the golf course and what we should expect when we're watching this weekend. Early mornings, which I actually love at the open championship.


Yeah. So I, I got, I went over to Scotland after college Big, Cat and actually caddied at St. Andrews for a summer. That was like my job outta college. And I went and played Royal Tru and didn't know much about it and I walked away and said to myself, my dad was there with me and I said this is my favorite links course that I played to this point. So I love it. This is its 10th open championship. It's hosted first since 2016. Had both some awesome winners and some random winners. Todd Hamilton of course beating Ernie ELs there back in the day. I think that was in 2004. But this is a pretty demanding driving golf course for an open, you know, you go to places like St. Andrews and you can kind of hit it all over the place. Even with Fescue up. This is a place where If, you start missing fairways, you can find yourself in the go.


I mean some of these corridors are really, really tight and they've done a good job of kind tightening those up for this open championship. So I love it. It's, you see a lot of water when you play this golf course. Probably as much ocean as you'll see playing any of the open road of golf courses. And like I said, I mean I get obsessed when, when they return to rural tune just 'cause it's one of my favorite personal golf courses over there. So with the water, if this, if this golf course is windy any day, is it become almost unplayable? Because I feel like that happens sometimes at the open championship where if the wind is really whipping, it's like these guys got no chance. Hey I don't think I'd go as far as to say unplayable. And the word I'm hearing from people over there is that this is a little bit of a greener golf course than some of the ones in the area.


The RNA kind of making sure that with some of the weather they're predicting later in the week that the balls aren't gonna roll off the greens. If, you guys remember 2015 Brooks Kka when he was not Brooks Kfka basically told the RNA, I'm not gonna keep playing at St. Andrews 'cause it was so windy and this was like when he was just the European tour golfer, not, you know, kind of the stud that he is now. That I think is the fear for the RNA is that if it gets super windy and there's that much exposed greens like you see at St. Andrew's and you see at Tru, then maybe they'd have to pull people off the golf course. So I think that's part of the reason you're gonna see a little bit of a greener rural tru and then maybe you'd expect, or even some of the golf courses in the area. Yeah. Okay. So, so the wind is gonna be the real X factor. 'cause I feel like with, with the US Open, we root for the course.


It's our favorite thing to do. Yeah. With the British Open, it's almost like, excuse me, the open championship. Yeah, please. I'm, I apologize. You root for the weather. Sometimes you root for like the, the conditions. Yeah. Mother Nature is like the top pick at this one. I think you can also root for the course PFT. I mean I think this is a place where they've condensed the golf courses on the road over there. So you only see six or seven courses really. So I think it's a chance to kind of root for your all-star team, right? I mean, you get rural Tru and you get St. Andrews, they, you know, occasionally will pop over to Ireland, but for the most part, there's six or seven places that we know and we love. So you can root for both Mother Nature and the golf course. Yeah, I like that. So yeah, it's, it's gonna be very interesting.


We've already got some drama to start the week off Tiger and, and Monty are going at it. Yep. Colin Montgomery, what did, what did Montgomery say? He said like, maybe it's time for Tiger to retire talking about hi his, his recent play. And then Tiger fired back and said, well they let you play here for the rest of your life. If, you win. Ooh. Yeah. Yeah. Co Montgomery was basically saying, this is not the Tiger Woods that I grew up watching that I grew up competing against the fiery competitor, I think is the terminology he used about Tiger. And he was basically saying, this isn't, you know, this is Roger Federer playing tennis at the age of 50, right. And Tiger fired back and said, I get a chance to play the open until I'm 60 years old. That's basically the cutoff at the open. Colin Montgomery does not get, so Colin Montgomery never won a men's major championship, arguably the greatest player in golf history not to win a men's major.


So yeah, tiger firing back. Listen, Tiger's never gonna dig deep into who you are, but he is gonna lay lines out like that. Like you remember the Steven Ames thing, his answer about the, the talk from Ames back in the match play days. He just simply said nine and eight is what you, what he beat him at. I think this is kind of typical tiger in terms of the response. I'll say this, I think it's good for Tiger. I think somebody taking a shot at this guy, you know, you guys follow golf, you know, around the major championships. I know you guys follow Tiger Woods. When's the last time somebody took a shot at Tiger? Yeah. It rarely happens if ever, so if he needs bulletin board material or some reason to get a little bit more fired up and go out there and play, well maybe this helps him this week. Maybe, maybe he'll even make the cut.


That's, that's right. I Mean more, more bulletin board. He's, he hasn't shot around in the sixties since Riviera last year. So that's about 18 months ago. So yeah, anything that could maybe help him go out there and play a decent round of golf would be helpful. Okay, so the other story, Rory, coming off of maybe the worst loss you could have as a golfer, he peeled out of the driveway after the was open. Everybody was safe. Everybody was safe. He almost hit several people. Yeah. He, he, he, he didn't talk to the media. He released a statement afterwards. So he's talking to the media this week. I saw that also, there was a funny story that Tiger texted him two days after, gave him a couple days, but Rory had changed his number so he ghosted Tiger.


But what, where do you think Rory is at mentally? Can he win this, this he feels like the guy, especially in the last few years where he has been so close so many times and played such great golf and he has nothing to show for it. I think he can absolutely win in a, any major championship. I think it's so easy for golf people to go, I like Rory this week. Well, you like Rory at every major he finishes in the top 10 every single time. There's a big difference obviously in finishing in the top 10 and winning. I think for Rory, he can look back at 2011, you know, that that complete, you know, like second nine at Augusta National, you know, basically debacle from Rory McElroy, he started hitting balls left and making huge numbers and loses the masters. He won the next major championship after that by eight shots.


And that has been something that Rory has been great throughout his career. Is that kind of bounce back ability. So in that regard, yes, I think it could be a good week for Rory. I don't see this being a great place for him. I just, I feel like the unpredictability of of links golf, the weather expected with the high winds. I'll give you guys this. I know you guys are an NFL podcast for the most part, the masters is the Super Bowl. The PGA championship is opening week of the NFL. Everybody gets excited, but it's not the most important part of the season. I feel like the US opens kind of divisional championship weekend where everybody that makes it to that point has a chance to win. But it's gonna be very, very tough to do. So the open is a snow game. There's just so much unpredictability involved in a snow game.


Maybe you can throw the ball, maybe you gotta run it. You don't know If, you can depend on your kicker at all. That's what I look at here. And you gotta go back to 2010 with Rory, the opening round of St. Andrews. He shoots 63 and should have shot 62. The weather picks up, the wind starts blowing, he shoots 80 the second round. There's just so much unpredictability going into this week and what we should expect from Rory. He played fine last week. I just don't see him as, as a winner at Royal Troon considering the golf course and kind of the weather and what we expect To see there. I love that you just mansplain golf to us in football terms, but that was the perfect analogy. I get it now. Yeah, You don't know. you don know if there's so great talking. Yeah, if there's so much snow that it's going to be really good for the offense or there's just a little bit of snow, so it's just gonna be a mucky game altogether.


I like that. Yeah, it was, it was an aha moment for me. I was like, oh that, oh shit, that makes sense. So if, if we were to pull on that thread a little bit and extrapolate it, Lasha McCoy was like the greatest running back ever, the greatest snow game play ever. Who is the the LaShaun McCoy of, of golf who can play the best in the worst conditions? I think Brooks would be my answer to this. Ooh, I like that. I feel like Brooks is the kind of guy that if it's windy, if it's nasty, if it's fine. Obviously he's played well on golf courses with no wind at all. I feel like Brooks is one of those guys. Kinda like Jack Nicholas back in the day. Or Jack, sorry, Jack, Nick lost, right? How do you say it? The Klaus pronounce Nicklaus. The Klaus, My bad. Sorry. The, the famous golfer.


But you know, you think back to, to the way Jack kind of approached major championships, you said anybody that was a complainant of the US Open, I knew I could beat. I feel like Brooks is very similar in that vein where he goes into these weeks going, I hope it blows, I hope it's nasty. And if it's not, that's fine too. I can still shoot 65. Yeah, thanks. Yeah, go ahead. Can can you, can you do a comparison for Bryson de Shambo? What NFL player would he be? I mean, I mean maybe Aaron Rogers. Yeah, I mean maybe that's the comp for, for Bryson where either love him or you don't like him at all. I mean, I know Big Cat has had an interesting relationship with Aaron over the years. I mean Aaron Rogers, you know, the one, the one Super Bowl, right. And I mean, if that's his legacy, that'll be a very interesting thing to follow up. I mean, for Bryson, I think the biggest difference for me is Bryson's ability to play these types of golf courses.


You think about the way he played Piners, he's not winning at Piners three years ago, but he's changed his game and he is kind of opened his mind up to playing different types of golf when it asks, the one thing about this golf course is this is the most demanding driving golf course that you'll see all year long in terms of major championship golf. And Bryson can get a bit squirrely with the driver. We know he hits it forever. He doesn't always hit a ton of fairway. So that'll be kind of the thing I pay attention to. Is Bryson willing to hit the driving iron or the long iron off a lot of these tees like so many of the other players? Or is he gonna try to bang driver like we saw at Pioneer all over the place. So this golf course, correct me if I'm wrong, but like I I've been reading about like who to bet on and who, who has a good chance. And the name Colin Morikawa comes up a lot because this golf course doesn't penalize guys who can't hit it a million miles, you know, right down the, down the course.


So that, like, speaking about o Rory, like he, his his biggest strength is a little bit neutralized. Is that fair to say? And is it, is it a golf course that guys who don't hit it, the distance that Rory or Bryson hit it are gonna have just as good of a chance to win? Yeah, the the PGA championship and the US Open have kind of become, and even, I mean even Augusta National for that matter, I mean you wanna be able to hit the ball as far as humanly possible. That gives you the best edge. I got a great Justin Ray stat for you on that. Big Cat, Justin Ray on Twitter, who has all the great stats and does an amazing job. He said since 20 14, 50 5% of the masters winners PGA winners in US up US Open winners have ranked in the top 10 that week in driving distance. None of the last eight open champion winners have done so to your point, you don't have to bang the golf ball to do well here.


You look at Brian Harmon a year ago, not a long hitter of the golf ball, he contends this remains the random major championship. Right? Yeah. This is the one where you can be older. you don't have to be the young dude, you don't have to be the young stud. You could be an older player. We've seen a lot of randomness across the board over the last 20 years in terms of winners at open championships. So yeah, I think for Colin Morak, you heard him talk after the masters, you know, he goes, I'm hitting five iron when Scotty s Scheffer's hitting eight iron. That's not so much the case at an open, he can get around in similar fashion to somebody like Scotty o Rory. It's a thinking man's tournament. Yeah, absolutely. I think it's a thinking man's tournament. I think it's an old guy's tournament as well. I think this is the place where you could still see someone in their forties or maybe even in their fifties compete content and potentially win.


Well What about Scotty Shuffler? He's mentally kind of like a 55-year-old. He kind Of looks like a 55-year-old as well. Yes, he does. I, I mean I, I mean I love Scotty everywhere. This is the one major he hadn't quite figured out yet. But I'll say this about Scotty, he's had an unbelievable year. We talk about his wins. Obviously he wins the second time at Augusta National. If Heath Throw goes through this season like he did last year without another of the majors, I think it'll be slightly glaring. Because when you talk about Scotty, you're talking about one of the greatest of this generation of thought, the greatest of this generation. He's only quote unquote, only won the masters, right? So for him to go through these US opens and PGAs and be close and not win I think this is as important a week as, as it is to Roy McElroy as it is for Scotty Scheffler in that regard.


Because if he doesn't win this, do we look at the season as a great year where he only won one major championship if he wins this? You're talking about one of the great seasons we've seen over the last 25 years. One of the great seasons over the last 40 years in the non Tiger division. Yeah. And what what about our good, our dear friend Max Hoa. Is this a, a tournament that can shape up for Max's game? Tell us, give, tell us that Max has a chance. Max. Max absolutely has a chance at an open, I just feel like with the way he can drive the golf ball, he hadn't played great golf as of late, but I feel like Max is one of those guys that, like I said about Brooks, he's one of those dudes that can kind of lean into nasty conditions. Winds are up. I'm not gonna let it affect me like some of the other guys that are maybe weaker minded out on the tour.


Okay. I like that a lot. I like that very much. And yeah, I think, listen, we're all, we're all rooting for Max here. It feels like the last couple tournaments, he hasn't been at the top of his game. Is that fair to say? Yeah, I think over the last, I think he'd be the first to say over the last five, six months really since the masters, he hadn't played his greatest golf. He didn't play great at the Scottish last week, but the open last year was really important for Max. So maybe you'll get some good vibes from the way he played at the Open last year and go out there and put together something like we saw at Augusta. Okay. So what about long shots or, or even any, any, any picks. 'cause I will probably bet you I Got so I got so many for you by the way. Big Bitcoin. Bitcoin. I did wanna, I wanted to say some, I wanted to ask you this question. Yeah. Because we were talking about snow games earlier. I think I've never won a bet betting on the weather, like betting the under and snow games, rainy games.


How are you in terms of looking at the forecast and then making your bet on that? Snow games are my favorite because everyone like thinks, oh, this is gonna be an under and it's, it, there's snow verse for a reason because it's so hard for the defense to get off and to be able to like when you, when the offense knows where they're going and the defense is trying to figure it out and they're sliding everywhere that that Lasha McCoy game that had like a million points. So yeah, whenever there's a a snow game, wait till the last minute and then hit the over. 'cause it always comes down. Everyone bets the under and then you just bet the over right before kickoff and it's usually a good bet. It's gotta be good go. It's gotta be like a good amount of snow though.


It can't be just like a light dusting. It has to be real snow. Like you need to be using the plow, not the shovel. Right? Yes. Right. Like that's kind of the deal. I like that. I like that. All right. I got some, I got some names that I like this week and then I got a couple sleepers for you guys. I like Shane Lowry this week. Top 20 in his last two major championships. Been very, very consistent this year. Seems to get good vibes. And also he is 16th on tour this season in driving accuracy. So hits a whole bunch of fairways, already won an open championship. I like Corey Connors this week a little bit. He's played incredibly consistent golf. I think he's made 26 straight cuts. Just feels like one of those guys. The open championship doesn't demand a ton. A ton when you get on the greens, that's the part of Cory Connor's game that maybe he isn't as as good as maybe a Scotty Scheffler or Rory McElroy.


But he is an incredible ball striker. So I like Corey. I like Aaron Rai a lot. The 29-year-old Englishman. This just his seventh major championship. He's played incredible golf as of late. I think he's finished in the top seven in his last three starts and he is played well in the majors this year. So those are my sleepers. I got my pick. Do you want the, the guy I think's gonna actually win this thing? Yeah, I'm going to Adam Scott. He played well last week so it's not as kind of like shocking of a pick. He's 44 years old finishing the top 10. Hasn't finished in the top 10 in a major since 2019. But I feel like he's one of those guys. It's Adam Scott and Sergio Garcia that shouldn't end their career with one major title. And so I feel like Adam is playing well.


He is is talked a lot this year about prepping his game around the major championship. Still feels like he has a chance to win one. And you go back to 2012, he came so close, made bogey on his last four holes to lose to Ernie ELs by one. I think Adam's gonna be a factor this week. Okay. Okay. And and you used a word earlier in this interview, I know what it means, but I don't think Big Cat does So. if you could explain it to Big Cat GOs. Yeah. What What's the Yeah, I'm an idiot. I idea What go, I, I know exactly what It is. I thought it was a, a type of duck. I know exactly what it is, but I just don't want to say it. Yeah. So I was hoping that you would tell him, well Please tell me. Yeah. Yeah. Some some would say it's a horse that kind of hangs out around rural tru, but it's the big green bushes with the stickers inside. You can't go in there. You can't search for a golf ball, but it is nasty, gnarly and If.


you hit it in there. It's basically like you hit a ball out of bounds. So that's the no zone. And when I was caddying at St. Andrew's, if a player hit in there, hit it in there and asked me to look for it, I would just kind of like walk slowly away from the player until I couldn't hear him anymore. So, So if it goes into the go, there's a tournament of official that comes out and says, you can't even look for your ball in here. I mean, you can look for it, but like legitimately the needles and, and somebody from the UK is probably gonna correct me on this, but I've, I've heard, and this might be like the caddy thing, we used to do this in Scottsdale a lot. When people come out to play like true, I worked at True North and we'd always tell 'em it was rattlesnake season just simply to keep 'em going even if it wasn't rattlesnakes season. So they wouldn't go out and spend 20 minutes searching for a golf ball. I heard that there are bacteria on the end of like the sticky parts of gors bushes.


So not only do you get pricked And, it hurts, but it also gets infected quickly. Again, that might just be a catty tail, but that was what I was told back when I went over and and looped it. I like that. I like that. Yeah, don't touch that. Yeah, They should Pull up like sick, A blue injury tent If. you get scratch One Big Cat. It's, it's what we tell our children that's basically a lie all the time. Right. It's like, it's like the children stuff. Oh, I had that happen to me. We were, we were on vacation July 4th week and, and my kids like picked some berries and I was like, do not eat those berries. And then my wife was like, no, they can eat those, those are like blueberries. And I was like, oh Shit. But then you have to explain for every berry now. Yeah. I was like, no, no, don't. Yeah, just say don't eat random berries. Just Say the the Gors is hot lava. You can't touch it. Yeah. Right. Just Say, just say no to everything your children's ask and then you can go back from there is what I've, right.


I've basically learned in my, in my young run of being A parent. Yes.


Alright, I, I got one last question. It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code take.


How are the pop bunkers? That's my favorite part of the open championship. What are the pop what would you rank the pop bunkers at Royal Troon versus some of the other courses they played? The open championship at, I mean, some of the best pop bunkers. Oh hell yes. Great. Pop bunkers all across the fairway, around the holes. There's a hole you're gonna see a lot this week called the postage stamp. Very, very short par three, I think it's the shortest par three they play on the open road, 123 yards. Tiny green ton of pop bunkers, Big, Cat, So. if you don't hit your wedge on the green, you're gonna be kind of scrambling to make, to make four. By the way, my dad, only time he played Rule Troon made birdie on, on the postage stamp, but he basically wanted to walk off the golf course. So shout out to to Monty B on, on the Great shot into there.


He Should Have's. Awesome. Yeah, a big walk off after eight. Yeah. Is is wait, Mon B is, is Bacon not your stage name? No real name. Real name. Wow. So your Dad's name. I, it was like a porn star name. Your Dad's name is Montgomery Bacon. It wasn't Montgomery, it's just Monty by the way. Marty Bruce Bacon. So very old school in terms of the one-two punches there. But MBB Yeah Bacon's the way to go. I mean it's, it's you know, big cat's your name, right? That's your Real name? Yeah, that's my given name. Yeah. Gotcha. That's, that's crazy. What a name. I mean that's awesome. Powerful name. W Was it one of those names that people made fun of when you were like a little kid? Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. But then you realize like this rocks. Yeah. 'cause no one's gonna forget your name When you're five to 13. It stunk.


And then at kind of post 13 people thought it was pretty cool. Yeah, That is a very cool name. Wake up with your friends at like 7:00 AM hit a joint. It's waking bacon time. Yeah. Ever Do I mean. I may have done that before. How? How hard is it not? Yeah. Yeah. How hard is it not to do like every show that you've ever done trying to work bacon into the name? Well, I mean I get a lot of people, you know, the weirdest thing question I get Big. Cat on a kind of a weekly basis is If, you give somebody your name, they ask you how to spell it. Yeah. And I'll always say, how do you not spell it? Like there's only one way to spell bacon, right? Yeah. But yeah, I don't know if I always squeeze it in interviews, but I might start, I mean I think that might, could that propel me to another planet you think? Yeah. Yeah. Bacon and fried eggs. The golf podcast.


Eggs and bacon. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think there's something to work with here. So wait, what? Going back to the postage stamp, why is it called the postage stamp? I think 'cause it's the green so small, these are the smallest greens on the open rota and the postage stamp is tiny, tiny, tiny. So again, like it's a wedge. I mean it's, it kind of one of those hit a good shot or you're gonna make four. And we've seen guys make holes in one there. We've seen great shots, but you can make a huge number on it. If, you don't hit a great shot. And the wind on Thursday, it's supposed to be very windy on Thursday, the wind's kind of coming in from a different direction. So I think it's gonna be in the face on the post-it stamp. So you might see eight iron, seven iron from these players from one 20. Oh Wow. Interesting. So one last question for you. There's a Swedish golfer, a Barrick.


Yeah. And he seems to be always kind of hovering around the top of the leaderboard at least recently at, at some of the majors from everybody that I've talked to, they say that physically he's one of the best golfers in the world bar now total Stud. Yep. So is, is this a course that sets up perfectly for his game or is this one where it's like, okay he needs more experience? The physical tools don't necessarily translate over. I mean, it, it would be to me and, and I don't wanna like get above my skis here with Ludwig 'cause he is so young and he hadn't played a lot of these things. but it would kind of be like asking does this basketball court work for Steph Cur Curry? Like shooting wise, I mean all of these, the dude hits it a mile, he hits it incredibly straight. He's an awesome iron player. Really the only thing he's gotta figure out is how to kind of close these things out.


He struggled in final rounds, but absolutely like this golf course he could play well. He's gonna hit Driver a lot when a lot of guys won't because he hits it so straight. I feel like he's one of those dudes that is gonna play well at open play well at Augusta, play Well at us opens like he's kind of the next it dude in my opinion. Okay. Okay. Alright, love it. Well Shane, thank you so much. The, the finale for the, the major championships, it's always kind of bittersweet. Feels like, I know there's more golf to play but it does feel like this is kind of the end. But we're excited to watch and we appreciate all your insight. 260 days comes Sunday night until the next men's major round. Okay. That's the first round of the master. So yes, it's long, it's a long, long break.


Thanks boys. Always appreciate the time. Alright, Thanks Shane. Shane. Okay, we'll wrap up with guys on Chicks. Great interview with Derek Carr. Great guy. We're we're Derek Carr fans Now. Great guy. You can't it, it's like the Kirk Cousins interview. Yeah. He's such a nice guy that you can't help but root for And he addressed the mascara allegations He did. Which is good to hear. Yeah. Alright guys on chicks. Hank my Husband claims that to be considered athletic, you have to be able to play multiple team sports. In his mind, the best athletes of all time are people like Danny Ange and Dion Sanders because they excel in multiple sports. According to his logic. People like Michael Phelps and Usain Bolt are not necessarily athletic unless they can play multiple sports. Yeah. Michael Phelps is water merchant. I disagree. This argument started after he claimed that even though I was a nationally ranked figure skater, I'm not athletic 'cause I didn't play sports like soccer, lacrosse, et cetera.


Should he be admitted to a mental hospital or am I in the wrong here? Yeah, I think he has a fair point, which is you can specialize in certain things. Yeah. But to get to the top that Field I figures you have to be athletic to be a fucking figure skater though. Yeah. That's Not like, his idea is that Michael Phelps is not athletic. I think he's just trying to, you know, put his, put his wife down, I Guess. Yeah. Also saying Usain Bolt isn't athletic is a wilder take I think than saying Michael Phelps isn't, the Olympics are just basically for not ball sports. Yeah. Usain Bolt is the fastest human being that's ever existed on planet Earth. He's the epitome Athletic. Yeah. And so is Michael Phelps. Michael Phelps. But take away the water.


What do you got true? Probably a guy who would've been like an awesome Rower. Tight end. I guess that's water. Awesome water. Yeah. Michael Phelps bum. Yeah. Just some random pothead sucks. Happened to find a pool when he was young. Sucks. Come On The pod. Michael thought it was a gravity bong. Yeah. My girlfriend has paid for a wedding venue for a wedding on May 31st and has started buying everything for it. The kicker is we just went ring shopping and I haven't proposed yet. Do you think this is strange? Yeah. Wait, so you're engaged but not engaged? She she got you engaged by renting a bank? Yeah, But those things fill up. So she had, she acted fast, but yeah, that's, I'd be worried.


I'd be a little worried. That feels also like after you get married, she's gonna like, she's gonna name your, your children before you're pregnant Kind of thing. Oh, she's already got 'em. Weird. Yeah. That is a weird, that always Weird me out. A weird, weird thing to do. There's a notebook somewhere in your house with your signature, with your boyfriend's last name written In. Yeah. My third child went almost 72 hours without a name. We were just like, we don't know mail. Because we were like, we're like, all right, we'll figure it out. It's like, all right, we toss. We were tossing around different names and then finally when we like had to leave the hospital, they're like, you need a name to leave the hospital.


So I'm curious, just from her perspective, do, do you feel like a little bit of a psycho getting a wedding venue rented out without being engaged? Yeah. You gotta be, this Has gotta be the girl that's like all her friends are already married. Yeah. Like she's on Yeah. She's got, she's trying to, yeah. Yeah. No, she's, she's already got the, she's already probably got a house picked out where the baby room's gonna be. Everything. Yeah. She's got her, she's got her vision board. You gotta propose to him and he just hasn't said yes yet. Yeah. All right. Last one. Not we Don't want to, we don't want you to break up with, At what point do Watch Out, at what point do you start thinking to yourself like he hasn't, he hasn't asked me yet. Oh, She's definitely like Also who goes ring shopping.


But actually no, He doesn't come. Dude. Do guys and girls go ring shopping together? No. Usually it's like best friend to Ask. Yeah. We just went ring shopping. But Also PFT. I think she, that's, I thought that's the whole Point. She might also be the type of girl that just doesn't care that he's not asked. Like, we're doing this no matter what. Yeah. Whether you ask or not. Yeah. Or we're getting married, there's Gonna be some tough questions you'll have to answer Come Thanksgiving. Yes, exactly. Regardless of whose house you go to. Yes. All right. Last one. My Boyfriend plays in Beerly Hockey. When we first started dating, I went to everyone. Lately with life stuff, I haven't gotten much. The last fee I went to was the only, the last fee. Last time, I guess. I'm assuming it's the last time. Last time I went, last game I went to, I was the only wife girlfriend there and worried that maybe I shouldn't go anymore.


'cause I didn't want to intrude on a guy's thing. I guess my question is, do guys like it when their girlfriends go to stuff like that? No. For them, does it make a difference? No. When they're not? No, because I feel like when I asked my boyfriend, he doesn't want to make me feel bad. No. Not going. But I also don't want to intrude on Guy time. Yeah. Since the last few times I was the only girlfriend there. Yeah. And do not go. And also, when you're the only woman in the stands, what do you think his teammates are talking to Him? Yeah. Do not go, there's I, I don't, don't go to your boyfriend's intramural games. Guys Want to feel athletic. They don't want to think about how their girlfriend's looking at them being like, you are not athletic. And they also want to be able to have the freedom of always being like, do you wanna grab a beer after?


Yes. And they want to be able to come home whenever they're done with that beer and tell you how great they played and lie to you and If you were there. Then they can't do that. And they also want to be, they wanna say, Hey, I'm grabbing a quick beer with my, with the team after I'll be home in a little bit and have six beers and be home in a lot of bit. Yeah. He wants the freedom to to go on like a road trip with his Beard League jeans. Yeah. And sleep like six people in a one bed hotel room. Get hammered until like five o'clock in the morning, smoke cigarettes and not have you be like, Hey, when are you coming home? Credits you though, because you at least had the awareness. Yeah. Feels like you were halfway there. Yeah. Step one. Yeah. Okay. Good. Show boys.


Don't on a heater. Heater. Let's do numbers. 38 56. This Is gonna be 20. Today's gonna, no, it's not three. Today's gonna be 20. I'm picking number three. I'm picking 20. Shane pug. 29 T did you pick? I picked eight. How about 23? Three. 3 55. Oh my God. That would've been awesome. Ugh. Hey look, Love you guys.


Say up me. It's better to be saved than all things I've.