
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, it is time. We have dingers only draft, max still hasn't done his punishment, but we're doing our dingers only league for the 2025 MLB season. We have Brandon, we have Steven, we have Zach, we have Jerry drafting our teams. We also have a great interview with Diamondbacks pitchers, Meryl Kelly and Zach Gallen in studio. We also are gonna talk to the greatest athlete of all time, Joey Chestnut before his big return to Nathan's hotdog eating competition on Coney Island on July 4th.


And we're gonna recap some NBA stuff. We're gonna talk some NFL trades. We got Hot Seat, cool throne.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. Nothing says summer, like long days Clutch plays and firing off a few bets on the game, all with DraftKings Sportsbook as the season heats up. So do the bets and DraftKings Sportsbook has you cover with live betting, home run props, odds boosts and more. Whether you're chasing dingers or jumping in mid game, there's always action to be had. Never bet on baseball before. It's easy. Pick a guy to go yard, hammer some live odds, mid game, or just ride with your squad and hope for the best. No spreadsheets, just vibes and dingers. Here's something special. For the first timers, new DraftKings customers bet $5 and get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings Sportswear app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y and 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem. And call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino, and resorting Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire seven days after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dkg.co/audio. Okay, let's go. Football guy. My take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, July 1st. And boys, I know it's vacation week, but we gotta talk some NBA. We have a big show. We have a big baseball show. Dingers only is back, back two great interviews, but NBA free agency has started and it's a dud. I'm gonna say it right now. It's a dud. Wait, you weren't thrilled with like a couple minor pieces moving here and there and then Miles Turner being the big, the big implication, actually the biggest news of free agency was that Dame Yeah. Is getting waved and stretched. They're stretching and waving Dame. So I guess he's technically a free agent right now. Ironically, stretching would've prevented this entire thing for Dame to begin with.


Exactly, exactly. But I guess Dame might get to go to whatever team he wanted to go to a couple years ago, so that's good for him. Yeah, it's, it's been, it's just been not as exciting as it has been in, in years past because the new CBA, a lot of people are saying that cj, CJ McCollum, our good friend, ruined free agency. I would say he probably did a good job in making the league more parody in the league and teams being able to, to get good quicker and not having super teams. But listen, a lot of NBA fans love the off season drama. I have. I have a, a a take PFD I'd like to throw at you because we know Adam Silver listens to everything And we can easily bully him And we'll talk about who's the winners and losers and, and Dame and all that stuff.


And LeBron James. Alright, two part, take one. They gotta get rid of the apron word. I'm so sick of it. It makes it li listen, I, I I read, I basically googled explained the second apron to me as a five-year-old. I found a bunch of posts. I read an article, I watched a video. I think I fully understand it except for the fact that they keep calling it the first apron. The second apron. If they just called it jail and prison, I think it would make a lot more sense because that's really what it is. The second apron is prison. They basically, for people who don't understand what they've done with the, with the, with the salary cap, is they used to have all these like rules where if you go over the salary cap, your owner has to just pay extra money.


And these guys are really rich and it doesn't matter now. They've made it. If you go over the second apron, you lose future draft picks. You lose ability to trade cash, you lose ability to, to like mid-level exception signs. So they, they restrict you. They put you in prison. If they tell you if a team is going into prison in free agency, I understand it a lot easier than the second apron. I think instead of jail and prison, it should be jail and hell Fine. I was second, Second apron. And it's very confusing that they use the word apron and Right. It's like teams getting under the second, like, it, it's kind of sexual. It makes it, it makes me think that we're, we're getting busy now. It, it's, I don't know if it's sexual. I I never thought of it as sexual. That might be a bonk.


I thought getting Under somebody's apron. Yeah. I thought of it more as like you're just wearing an apron in the, in the kitchen and you're getting splashed with oil. I Want to get under the apron. I wanna see what's underneath there. That, that Were two aprons p ft. Like, oh, they, they're getting on the second one. Second apron. If you get on the first apron, that's okay. That's like first date shit. If you get under the second apron, now we're talking like we're moving in. But, But what you just, but what you just explained it, jail and prison makes sense because then you could say your team got out of prison. Well, jail and hell, I like jail and hell But you, but, but prison is more than jail. It is, yeah, that's true. So it's like first apron, second apron, prison and jail. I, I mean, I also thought like you could just do like a, a fire here in the firestorm or you know, a volcano eruption.


I don't, I don't care. They just need to get rid of the apron. Especially because it's hurting guys. Like my good friend PFD who's like getting rock hard every time he sees the word apron. First guy ever. Dude, I love it's You and guy fii. No, no, no. It is getting, getting under the apron is what gets me going. I don't care if there's, I don't care if there's two aprons, but if I'm getting under two aprons, then I'm grinding, man. I'm bumping. But either way, do you like my idea? Jail, jail and prison. Explain it to us better. No, I I I do like the idea just jail and prison. You did it one time. You, you conflated the two. Because jail and prisoner are so close. Like they're so similar. That's why I'm thinking jail is first one and then hell is the second one.


Yeah. Wait, What do you mean? I conflated the two. You switched them up one of the times when you explained it because it's confusing because they're so similar. No Prison's always the second apron or maybe it's the alligator alligator. Alcatraz is the second apron. That's fine. That's fine too. So that's the first one. Fix that Adam Silver change the name. I don't care. Just make it so that it's relatable to us. I don't give a fuck about this apron. First apron, second apron. You sound, you're basically making a bunch of people walk around and sound like nerds when they say it. When they go on like, whoa. With bon Yeah. The war. Yeah. With Bon the war. Yeah. They're in cells. They're nerds who can't get their bon touched. The Warriors need to get under the second apron. No, the Warriors have to get outta prison. Okay. That's the problem.


That's it. And you're making America hard. Yeah. You're Making America hard. All right, here's the other one because it's, it's, I miss the days of just chaos. I don't think this should happen every year, but I think it should happen randomly. It could happen during the season. It's essentially what it's video game rules. And Adam Silver just says for the next hour salary caps off. I kinda like That. It's when you go to the menu and your video games and you turn off salary caps. You could do any trade ever. And, and you have to get it signed. Like you have to get your player signed in that window. And so everyone would just go crazy. Like, it'd be like, all right, the nuggets are gonna sign yoic to $1 billion, 10 years salary caps off for the, but the, but it actually has to be signed.


The, the legal document has to be signed and you have no idea when it's coming. So you basically have an hour to scramble, try to get ahold of your, of your players, try to get ahold of free agents, everything. Get the deal done. And then he is like, boom, salary cap's back on. And then it would be great 'cause like four years from now you're like, oh shit. Why is, why is KCP making like $400 million? Oh, that's because they, he was the only guy they could reach during the salary caps off window. I like that idea. I, I also like the idea of designating one guy maybe per roster every two or three years who's allowed to, just his individual salary does not count towards the cap. Yeah. Yeah. You have one guy that's immune to the cap.


Yeah. I mean SGA we should talk about that. That's a congrats. That's a spicy meatball. Congrats fleeced. He fleeced the thunder. Four years. $285 million. What is that, 71.25? Is that right? 71.25 mil per year. Someone did the math. 'cause it obviously escalates. I think it's in his final year of the contract. He'll be making over $1 million per game. So, and he's he's he's still not the highest paid player. Jason Tatum still has that, but SGA pretty nice, pretty Nice. Hey, he, Hank, I have a question for you. Yes. PT With the, with the dame stretching and waving.


Did the thought cross your mind? What if we did that with Tatum? No. Mm Didn't, you didn't even think about it. Stretch and wave. No dam so much older. Yeah, but you didn't even think about it. They In the gym. Tatum's already grinding. What if you stretched him? No, Dame's wash Not waved him. No, no. Not waved him. Just stretched him. No Wash. You don't even know. You don't even know how to do that. We don't need to do that. They, they, wait, we're talking, we're talking like a probably eight to 10 year difference. Okay. Somebody did the math. They said SGA is gonna make $106,000 per free throw next season. That's awesome. Fuck yes. That's Pretty good. Good for him. Fuck yes. So I'm looking at the calendar right now.


It is Bobby Bonnet Day. Does that mean that Dame also gets paid on Bobby Bonne Day? Mm, I don't know. I think he gets, so I think his cap, he gets all the money and then the cap, like the stretching part of it is the next five years, the Bucks have it count against their cap like $20 million or whatever it is. Okay. So that's the stretching part. And then they waived him. I also don't know, can you guys explain to me Chris Haynes, I, that guy's weird. So I, I he's maybe related, he's maybe married to someone who's related to Giannis. He's also like best friends with Dame. So the Bucks, he was the Bucks Insider. But then there's the story that he said that Giannis was upset, that Dame was stretched and waved and then Shams had a story that Giannis essentially recruited Miles Turner and Miles Turner wouldn't have been able to be recruited if it weren't for Dame getting stretched and waived.


I don't really understand the situation. I think Giannis probably, I probably am gonna agree with Shams here and say that Giannis wanted Miles Turner and was okay with the stretching and waving, but the whole thing. And he also got caught. He did, he tried to act really quick during free agency. I think it was maybe James Harden. He did? No, wait, who was it? Oh yeah, I think it was James Harden. He he did ai? No, no. It was someone who changed to the Clippers. He did AI for them in a New Jersey. And it spelled the name of the, the the town wrong. It was, it was Dallas. That's what it was. Okay. It was Dorian Finney Smith. And he said, or whoever went to Dallas and he, it was like D-A-L-L-I-E-S because it was ai.


So he's a weirdo. Yeah. I think that Giannis just kind of had to tell him that I'm sad that Dame is leaving because he doesn't wanna be like, I'm so pumped that he's not gonna be on the team anymore. Yeah. You know, like there's no harm in just him saying like, I'm, I'm bummed out that he's gone. I think he's probably pumped to have Miles Turner. I think he's probably very excited that the, the Bucks are gonna try to remain competitive somehow. Should we talk about LeBron? Yeah, but one last thing about the Bucks though, that does suck for the Pacers because this is the, the reality of having Halliburton get injured where you can't just run back the team that was in Game seven in the finals and the Bucks and Pacers hate each other. So that was kind of a double whammy for, for Pacers fans to have Miles Turner go to the box.


But yeah, we should talk about LeBron. I've a question for you. Yeah. Is LeBron scaring free agents away from Los Angeles? Mm, They don't really have any moves because they've paid everyone a ton of, they paid Luca, LeBron and Brony, I think like $90 million. I, I heard someone add all, he added Brony. I was like, that's a great move. I think, and this is, okay, so we're not experts in the NBA, so I'm just gonna throw this out there. I think LeBron thinks he still runs the league and he doesn't run the league anymore. Yeah, I think that's what's happening right now. I think he, he, he did the whole old LeBron of like, I'm taking the money and listen, no problem with him taking the money.


He, he, he's LeBron James. He deserves the money. He shouldn't, I'm not gonna sit here and be like, take less money. I mean, if you want to, if you wanna maybe win a ring and have flexibility, you should take less money. But that's not, never, never look at another man's pockets. I think the statement where he was like, we're I'm gonna be monitoring the situation, he was expecting every team to be like, oh shit, LeBron, we could trade for LeBron. And everyone's like, ah, why would we wanna trade for a one year retirement tour at $53 million for a guy who is gonna basically like hijack our entire franchise? So I don't think he has the power that he used to have. I Like to say that people are scared of the Lakers because of LeBron just because it puts more blame directly on LeBron rather than saying like he's, he's out of his depth right now.


I think the reality is that the Lakers didn't really have a whole lot of options. They might try to go after Aon. He's the other, he's the one like big that's still out there that could potentially sign with him. But he did when he, when he signed his, his contract, he said like, I'm doing this because I know it's a challenge, but I want the Lakers to remain competitive and build for the future as I'm also on the team. And when I saw that statement, I thought like I, I don't know what LeBron's trying to get out of this, but he surely he must know that it's gonna be impossible to build for the future and win now when he's taking that big contract and getting his maximum value. Correct. Correct. All that's true. But He he might just be dumb.


Well, that could be the case. I think he also just setting it up being like, I made it clear I wanted you to build a contender. He's, he's, he's Tim Robinson who, you know, we're all trying to find the guy who did this, who, who made it. So we couldn't sign any players because they can't sign any players. But he made it clear they, he wanted them to sign players so when they don't sign players, he'd be like, wasn't I clear? I said, I wanted you to sign, I wanted you to make a championship team for me. I just heard Dave McManon say on ESPN that he expects the la the Lakers might get involved with another team that signs a big, thus making their starting center expendable and then move that person to the Lakers. So any center in the league right now that's currently on a team is on the table per Dave McManon.


Mm. Yeah. Wendy had the report. He was like, yeah, everyone was shocked by this. They were like, yeah, we don't want to trade for LeBron. There's no takers right now because obviously it instantly becomes the calves and, and everyone talks about the calves. I feel like the calves have kind of moved on from that. Why would they, they had, they had the one seat. I know they got injured and they got bounced in the second round, but why would you wanna do that with LeBron again? I don't know. He Doesn't have the call. $15 million. He doesn't have the pull that he wants to add. If it was, if it was, if it was 30, not 50, then it's a lot different. Yeah, right. That's where he is just selfish. Right. Alright. Winners. I have the nuggets as a winner. Feels like they finally got bench depth, got a real backup center and that was a good Michael Porter Jr.


Trade where they got someone who's half, half the money and then able to actually get some debt. They got Bruce Brown back, which is nice. I also have the Rockets. The Rockets might be my pick are like, I know that you don't win championships July 1st. The rockets are gonna be really good. I'm, I'm a big, I I I think the Rockets are gonna be awesome. They basically have, they have three centers now and they added Kevin Durant and I'm a Rockets believer. I love what Bruce Brown did by the way, when he left in free agency after, after telling the nuggets. Like, I'm not gonna go anywhere in free agency during the parade and then waking up the next day and be like, oh yeah, I can make, what was it, like $30 million? More like 40 or something? Yeah, 40. Yeah. Somewhere else. Yeah. You know what, I'm actually gonna go, but I'm gonna be thinking about the nuggets the whole time.


I'll come back as soon as these checks stop coming in. And he, that's a great move. I I I really, I appreciate what, what Bruce Brown did And he's gonna be like really good again because he is gonna play with Yoki. Like he, he, he, he basically took a sabbatical where he is like, I'm gonna make the maximum amount of money. I'm probably not gonna enjoy playing basketball the same way. And then I'll just come back and it will be awesome. Yeah, no, it was a good move. Why do you like the the Rock so much? Kd Kd they're, they're depth with like their center depth. They, they have three big, they got Clin Clint Capella back obviously Steven Adams, she goon like they're gonna, Steven Adams can just, he, they can just basically rest everyone all year.


I, I think KD iss gonna be, I think kds got a little fuck you going tour coming? I, I don't know. I think he's gonna fuck you tour coming. It does feel like a let him know season. Yeah. I, I let let him know. He's just feeling it in my bones. I think he's got one more of those in him. And I think this might be the year and I think the more I thought about it, I know we talked about his legacy and all that stuff. The Rockets is perfect for him. Where it was a really good team last year, the two seed. And now he can be the old guy who brought the young kids along. I I think this might be a KD legacy year. I think he might win it all and then be like, now this one counts Is Chris Paul, he's a free agent, right? Yeah. So he's still out there Played 82 games last year.


82 games. As healthy as he is ever been. I I do think that Katie's got a lot left in the tank for sure. But I really like what the nuggets, Sid? Yeah, I think that the nuggets like Cam Johnson. That's good. Michael Porter Jr. He's been a great player, but his back is just fucked up right now. He can't really count on him. So I like Cam Johnson whose brother's name is Puff. Did you know that? No, that's great. His name is Puff not Great right now. Puff Johnson. Well, we don't know. True. It's out. We do know Four outta five. We do know On four. Do do you think there's any chance that on four out five charges they're like not guilty, but maybe on that one? Yeah, maybe on that one. He is.


Maybe I also, the Hawks have done a great job. The Hawks are, the hawks are gonna be good. They've got, they've got, I mean it goes back to the draft with the pick that they got from the Pelicans. I feel like the Hawks are doing some things. It's all vibe check for me too. I don't know, like the Celtic Hank Hank, you lost Luke Cornett, you've gutted you, you, you did get out of prison, but you were in prison. Yeah, no, we're, it's it's a sad, it's a sad state of affairs. Yeah, that's it. It's just the championship team is gone. You know, Drew's gone. Horford isn't gone yet, but he's gone. Zenga gone. You got Luca Garza though. I mean Big 10 Beast.


How is that even news? I don't wanna be mean, but like he doesn't play. But, but I think it's news because How is that news? It's like he's not But did You hear all the reports? It was like, yeah, they've, they inquired about Luca Garza the last two, two years. And like they were looking at, by the way, at breaking moves. Oh no breaking moves. This Is bad breaking. I don't like this Halftime injury update. Red Panda fell before getting started. Left court clutching her left wrist. Oh my God. No. Please be okay. Oh my God.


Not the red panda. Does she have an off season do you think? No. Fuck no, dude. Come on. Halftime Of what? Probably a, the, the Champions cup. The the Cup Classic whatever the Oh, the NBA does? Yeah. The World. The World Cup of Clubs? Yeah. Yeah. No, no, no. The Champions Cup for the WNBA. Oh, okay. Got, got it. Yeah. Yeah. One. They have one of those too. Yeah. Yeah. Caitlyn Clark's not playing in it. It's the Commissioner's Cup. Commissioner's cup. But I think it's, is it the Commissioner's cup in the WNBA? Zach, can you look that up for us please? It is actually called. It is. It's still the commissioner's cup. Damn. They copy everything. They want to be us so bad.


Wait, are the courts different? He's giving us the thumbs up. He's giving us thumbs up. What'd you say? Did they make the chords different? That looks like a thumb On his, I don't think so. The video video, it doesn't look different on the, No offense. Wait, what'd you say? I Said Zach looks like a thumb on the video feed. Yeah. He doesn't have the Best, like you can't see his face. Yeah, he, he's not working with the best wifi. Zach, what's going on there? Dude, My, my bad guys. If I look like a thumb that's on me the wi if the WiFi's cutting now I tried to get as close to router as I could, but I didn't wanna, I didn't want you guys to get any background noise, so I was trying to stay on different side of the house. What's, What's, do you look great? What's behind you?


Like a little office? No, but what's on the wall Situation? Oh my, my mom makes these picture frames that are like, so it's Beachwood and a picture frame and then they're like put together. I'd like one of those That's, I can get you one of those if you'd like them, man. Yeah, I would like one of those for the, for the studio. Couple Different Now I like What what's that? We Got another one over there. Oh, Nice. Got little Rascal Flats action on the wall there. Okay. That's Acal Flats melt. Great song. I like that. You're, you're using a laptop right in front of another bigger TV or a bigger computer that's right behind you. Yeah. This, that stationary. We already had the one lighting issue. I wanna make sure we are mobile for you guys.


You need, you need the frames for for, for rivals. Yeah. Also, yes. I need all the, I can get. Alright, I have a, a couple other NBA notes I wanted to throw at you guys. I'm gonna throw a potential trade at you. I want, I want to tell you, you gotta just say yes or no. If I offered you, you have the one pick in the draft. If I offered you the fourth, fifth, and 10th pick, would you trade For the first overall pick? Yeah. Fourth, fifth, and 10th. It's pretty good. It's A deep draft next year. Deep draft. I have no idea if it is or not. I'm just saying that. Yes, yes. Okay, great. Alright. So the Bulls should have Anthony Edwards on their team. That's Perfect. Okay. All right. 'cause The bulls have officially completed the trade.


They have the, from the 2020 draft, they now have the fourth, fifth, fifth and 10th pick in terms of players from that draft. Because they have Patrick Williams, they drafted fourth, they got a coro from the CS who was drafted fifth. And they have Jalen Smith who's drafted 10th. So kind of stacking the 2020 draft boys. That's pretty good. Yeah. The bulls are incapable of trading for picks. They don't actually don't know how to do it. They traded all their player good players. Zach Levine, DeMar DeRose and Alex Caruso, Lonzo Bald. The only pick they got back was their own pick. That's it. And that was just outta spite just to get their own pick back. Yeah, They don't know. I, they actually, I don't think that they have Well in their defense is like, They haven't read that they can do that In their defense.


It's a lot harder to trade for nobody to be like, Hey, we're gonna get nobody back. But It's a good strategy when it's good pick when you get picks It, it is the correct strategy. Yeah, it is the correct strategy to do for sure. But if you're a very, if you're a stupid person, it's hard to conceptualize a player that doesn't exist yet. Yeah. But I I, I do appreciate that they listen, they're gonna be bad again and they're, they're run by incompetent losers and owned by incompetent stooges. But if you can stack multiple picks from one draft class, I always will kind of buy in because I'll be like, dude, we had three, three of the top 10 picks one year.


Like that's to be good. They probably played McDonald's all American games together, went to the same camps, familiar with each other. Yeah, It's gotta be good. Alright. I like what the bucks are doing outside of Miles Turner because they now have 66% of the Gary's in the NBA. Okay. Kinda like that. I really do think that if they, if Giannis wants a trade or the buck season goes sideways, they have to do everything possible to try to get Gary Peyton the second on the team. And imagine if the Bucks could, could basically sell tickets being like, we have 100% of the Gary's in the NBA.


Yeah. So there are, I'm guessing three Gary, there's Three Gary, there's three Gary, they, they, they, they already had one and they added another, which is significant in Gary News. Like if you add, if you add the second, it's basically, it's basically playing Monopoly. They have two thirds of, of an entire property now they just gotta get the last Gary and they can charge everyone a ton of rent. You wanna hear something crazy? Yeah. The Lakers have a hundred percent of the LeBrons in the NBA right now. Mm, That's true. That's true. Corner of the market. They don't have a hundred percent of the Lucas, the Celtics have half of that share. What if, what if the Lakers could get a really good player in a trade but they had to give up.


Like obviously you had to trade probably Dalton Connect and then the other team was like, we need Bronny or it's a no go. Yeah, I think they would, they'd have to do it right. Would you trade your own son away? You'd have to trade him. You'd have to trade him. And you knowing LeBron, he'd probably make it like a viral moment where he goes up to him in the middle of a game and does the, well he probably didn't get to that part in Godfather two yet. But he, someone would tell him, Hey, you gotta go kiss him like he's Fredo and let him send him on his way. What the Lakers should do to see if LeBron is actually committed. They should tell him we have to trade your son 'cause we're getting this great player.


And then once LeBron agrees to it, then they say, that was a test. You get to keep your child very good. King Solomon. No, king Solomon. Yeah. King Solomon. Yeah. King Solomon. Yeah. See if he's willing to sacrifice his own child for the betterment of the team. See if he's the true king. Yeah. And if he, and if he won't do it, then you know he is not the true king to begin with. Yeah. Then You rebuild. Yep. I like that. Make it a whole decision. Make it like a, a deal or no deal. Put Bronny in a suitcase. Yeah. Just drove out. Alright. And then the last thing, Duncan Robinson, our friend, recurring guest made a ton of money going to the Pistons. I like that.


Also crazy because I didn't know. But he is the leader in heat franchise history for three pointers made and by like a large margin, which is something that kind of shocked me a little, but also makes sense with how the NBA has gone with the three pointers. But I Did you guys know that offhand? Not offhand. If you had asked me, I probably would've guessed I James Jones, Mike Miller can't. I would've guess. Mike, I'll tell you this. You can guess number two. You can't guess number two, which is just as shocking because obviously I've revealed that Duncan Robinson is one. Tyler, Hi. Yeah. Alonzo morning. You did guess it. Tyler hero number two. Yeah. It's Crazy. Would Yodon Haslam just, just out of sheer longevity, Yodon Haslam Not, not not on the list.


Yeah. Dwayne Wade all the way down at number nine. But shout out Duncan Robinson. He has 200 more threes than the second most threes in heat history. So Record's about to be Dames. Yeah. It might be Dames. Well, no, because Dame no chance Dame plays enough games. He'd have to make, like maybe if he made 600 threes for two years, What if he's just so happy to finally be in Miami? It's like, what if Dame was right that he just needed Florida to, to unlock his, his best potential. He goes down there just buries threes all day. That'd be, that could happen. Hey Max did the, did the Sixers do anything?


No, they lost Yabu and then signed Tyrese Max's friend. Oh, okay. Well that's cool. Where'd Yaba go? I, I forgot to, to the Knicks, Huh? Oh, oh, you mean New York? John Staley's Knicks. Yep. Memes. She, she's a good coach. She's a good coach. A good coach. She's a Good coach. Silly Trendon Watford was the guy who we signed, by the way, I forgot his name. Do you like what the Knicks did? Memes outside of maybe hiring Don Staley. Yeah, the Knicks are broke. So they got Jordan Clarkson and Yabu on Vet Minimums. Okay.


That's a nice player though. Yeah, Yahoo's good. Jordan Clarkson. There was a clip of Mike Bre roasting him during the game, but I'm sure it'll be fine. Yeah. So you're gonna get, you're gonna get Mike Brown as your coach, right? Yeah. Mike Brown's gonna be the guy. Is he? For officially He's come, he's the only guy coming back for a second interview. Oh, okay. Yeah. I guess Rick Brunson too is still in the running, right? Yeah. And Don. And Don and Don. Alright. Should we talk a little NFL? We had a trade these Steelers got, they traded Mka Fitzpatrick to the Dolphins for Jalen Ramsey. They also got John who Smith, which I think was a separate trade, correct? Yeah, I think it was The reporting on all of this was a little weird because I don't know how you guys experienced this trade.


I experienced it through our good friend Jersey Jerry, who's will be on Dingers only with us. He texted me Super Bowl on and was like, I can't believe this trade. And then the reporting came out that, so I think Jerry thought they just got Jalen Ramsey. Yeah, because the way it came out, it was just Right. Well it wasn't even that Big Cat. The way I found out about it was through Adam Schefter. I have notifications on 'cause I need to know what's going on. So I saw his post about a trade. It said Jalen Ramsey has been traded from the Miami Dolphins to, and then it was the.dot dot. It cut off right there. I think that Shefter knows exactly how many characters to use to make people actually click through and, and look at his tweet instead of just looking at the notification.


I think that he's that good. So I saw that, I clicked on that and then they didn't say what they gave up for it. They didn't say anything about the details of the trade. It just looked like the Steelers were getting Patrick or Jalen Ramsey and then it did come out. Yeah, it was actually John W. Smith was, I believe it was in the same trade. Okay. It it was, it Makes sense. It was, yeah, Steelers got Ramsey John W. Smith and they swapped 2027 seventh rounder for a 2027 fifth rounder. So they ended up with a fifth round pick in, in Pittsburgh and Miami ended up with a seventh round pick.


Got It. Because if you believe some of the things coming out of the Steelers at the end of last year, there were, there was belief that possibly Minkah Fitzpatrick was the guy who remember there was that there was a weird press conference. It was either, I think it was Cam Hayward, I think TJ Watt said something as well where they're like, it's hard when 10 guys are doing one thing and one guy's doing another. And that some people thought might have been mah Fitzpatrick. So maybe that, maybe that's an addition right there. Just getting him back to the Dolphins. I don't know. I thought it was TJ saying that he's the one guy doing the right thing and 10 other guys are all collectively doing the wrong thing. But yeah, Mika is a fine safety, but he does freelance from time to time.


Ramsey is still a really, really good cornerback. They have Ramsey and Joey Porter Jr. So I think it's all in all it's good for the Steelers. It feels like this is the Steelers all in season, right? John U. Smith is also like that. He was a really good, he's been a really good tight end the last couple years. So that, that part for their offense, I feel like is significant. Is he Pittsburgh though? Mm, I don't know if he's, you always have to worry about that. I Don't know if he's a Pittsburgh tight end. You gotta always worry about that because They got Pat Remu Pittsburgh tied end. He's a guy that you could easily mistake for Heath Miller and then you got Big Ass Washington.


I that I'm mostly concerned that Darnell Washington isn't going to be playing as much because whenever he steps on the field, you just look at him and be like, holy shit. Who the fuck is that guy? How is he not the best player in the NFL? Yeah, I mean you like Darnell Washington and DK Metcalf lining up on the same side will be like what Bain did to Heinz Field. Like don't just it, it will just completely tilt. But yeah, I don't, I don't know if Darnell Washington catch the ball. That's the only problem. But I, I do like when he gets on the field, I, I like the John W. Smith. He was good last year. He was good. He, he like started to come on, was it, was it the end of two years ago and then last, last year he was very good.


I feel like he was, yeah, he was really good. And then, and then two years ago, I think he like started to, to pop a little as well. He had a big season and then the, the Dolphins replaced him by getting Darren Waller from the New York Giants. Darren Waller was retired and so I think they swapped like a sixth and a seventh round pick with the Giants to get a retired guy that was still on their payroll to come down to Miami and play. Yeah, just don't make him fullback. That's the only thing. 'cause that clip came out that he, he basically retired when, when the Giants made him be fullback in Buffalo for like three, three consecutive plays. He's like, what the fuck am I doing here? The big story though is PFT, we're officially in football month. There is a football game being played this month.


Absolute. I know it's preseason, but that's really, it just starts to get the I was, I was walking, I went on a hike with, with my kids today and I'll, I'll, I'm not ashamed to admit that I started daydreaming about like the first NFL Sunday and I was like, this is gonna be awesome. I'm so excited. Yeah, we're pretty much here. Yeah, we're pretty much here. Like July is, it's great at the start we got, you know, the 4th of July. That whole week feels like just a vacation for America. And then, you know, it's hot outside. Still gonna be, we're gonna be tan from how tan we are. We're right now we're still gonna have that same Pantone on our skin once football season kicks off once we get actual live football played.


Yeah. It's the Hall of Fame game. But we're gonna see all the guys. They're gonna be wearing the jerseys. We're gonna see the coaches. It's gonna be great. And we're, we're pretty much there, so congratulations. It's gonna be great. Should we do Hot Seat cool throne and then we can get to all of our interviews and dingers only. Yep.


Alright, so Hot Seat Cool throne brought to you by our friends. It truly, truly unruly Lemonade combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite Lemonade. Lemonade let loose 8% A BV 100% delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors. Bump and blue Ra OG original lemonade punched up pineapple wild pink. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take Level up your lemonade with truly unruly today. We love I I love the wild pink. We were out golfing last week. We had some trulys. It is the best. There's nothing better when the sun starts beaten down, you're like, hey, I need, I need something refreshing. I need something to get me loose. That's truly unruly Lemonade. 80% a BV 100% delicious level up your lemonade would truly unruly today.


Okay. Hot Seat quilter on Hank. My Hot Seat is Malik Beasley. Mm Oh Yeah. He is under investigation for basically, what would you call it? Rigging games. Games, gambling on games, Gambling on games in, not insider trading, but like What, what was the, what was the hard part of that? It's not insider trading. It's, it's called Gambling on games. Gambling on games', Playing in, Gambling on games, player props. The videos that came out after the investigation came out were, were very bad to say the least.


I don't know if it's one of those things where if you, you could do this for any player. I feel like it's not obviously, but the videos that came out were absurdly obvious that he was probably gambling on games There, there was one where he took the ball to full length of the court with like three and a half, four seconds left to cover the spread. And he was the only one out there trying and, and you could see like the relief hit his face when he got to the other end. There was the other one where, so he, he had also tweeted at Anthony Edwards to hit, what was it like six threes tonight in a game? There was that one and then there was another one where he was playing defense where his controllers just unplugged. Yep. And, and he had blew by, I think it was Halliburton blew by him and he didn't move a single one of his feet.


Both feet remained firmly planted in the ground. It, I don't think you could do that with every player in the NBA And, and and not only that, but I'm sure you guys saw there was like, you know, the, the gambling circles like people know and, and shit gets out there and there were tweets from like January where it's like if you're investigating Terry Rossier like investigate Malik Beasley. He's the one. And a lot of that stuff where he is still innocent but there's a lot of smoke also Got proven innocent. Yes. He, for the record we should say that. So it's like it's, this might not be, you know, it might not be guilty. And the same thing happened when Terry Rossier, the allegations came out. There was videos and it was like he was clearly gambling so this could all not be true.


But Would you rather be, I'm Gonna let him at this day in court. Yeah, same. Would You rather be accused of betting on your own personal unders when you didn't actually bet on your own personal lenders and then being validated and they're like, it turns out you just suck or would you rather get investigated and you did bet on them and you made a ton of money betting on them and they found out that you were gambling. Yeah, I mean listen, I just Don't think you can make that much when you look at free agency. Yeah. He Was about to make the money. A bunch of money is the greatest, like the greatest lottery ticket you can have. Obviously you have to be an NBA player, but it's like they get paid so much money, there's no way you can make enough money gambling that it is worth doing that.


It is kind of a compliment to be like, you're good enough that you can control the outcome of these things. You know? Yeah. You like If you told me if It's your own overs. Yeah. If you told me like, Hey, we're gonna play five on five basketball at the bars still Chicago like office and we're gonna, we're gonna put lines out there and I had, and like, I wouldn't be good enough to be able to affect the game, you know? Yeah. I wouldn't, the total point spread. I I agree up. I could maybe I could not make a shot. I could bet. Yeah. You could bet your unders and just not make a shot. But other than that, like you can't, it's, it's basically a comment. Malik Beasley, you are an impactful player. Yeah. If you are proven guilty.


On the other hand, I feel bad for NBA players. Sure. They make all this money and free agency get, you know, any woman they want. But at the end of the day, they don't get to sit on their couch and hit a four Legg parlay on an NBA game like I do Facts and and they'll never have that joy. That makes me sad. Facts. Yeah. He's not gonna get signed now. That kind of sucks that he was a free agent. Yeah. Crazy story. How pissed do you think hockey players are right now? You gotta move your free agent Extremely. If you're hockey, you can't go head to head. What was Luke CTE's deal? That he's a fine player, but what was his deal? I don't know. I think he got 40.


He got 40 million guaranteed. Yeah, four for 40 I think. So he's getting paid Connor McDavid in the money. Yeah. Yeah. I mean Sam Bennett, Sam Bennett's contract. That was like this, this guy was the most important player on the, on the team. He was eight years, 8 million. Oh man. Yeah. By the way, the Panthers are gonna just gonna be good again. They got everyone biz might be right about the state income tax. I also love, I'm assuming NBA players are the same way, but like, and this is more like we were just with the Chiclets guys last week, but, and like I love hearing them talk just strictly money when they talk about other players, like, oh, how much that guy get. Like how much did he make like that They just stalk strictly in like how much they made in their career.


Also, when It's public, it's very funny. Whitney told us a hilarious story about how when he was like two years out from retiring and he talked to his financial advisor and his financial advisor was like, alright, so like when you retire, like you'll get a job. And he was like, what do you mean? He was like, I wasn't planning on That. Which is very funny. The Knight got better too. Yeah, they did. But the ch the Panthers brought everyone back, didn't they? Yeah. It's fucking crazy Team dinners, man. I'm, it's all about team dinners. I'm gonna talk about the pa Zach talk about the Panthers for 20 seconds while I turn the light in in this room. 'cause I realize that it's just pitch black in here.


Yeah. The sun's going down. So, so I did see the Panthers, they bring all the boys back. They're, they're, they repeated that the whole whole game come back. Do you guys think they're gonna be this dominant again? Is it gonna be that much fun to watch? Or what are we thinking about? I like that. Good question. Great question Zach. They, Zach, they all go to team dinner every night. Like you can't, you can't get in the way of that. I think, think can rest this eight Dairy queen money Keep success of their wins to just like, we all went to team dinners together. Unless this aid into their Dairy Queen budget, I think that we're looking at another championship for the Florida Panthers. Hey, congratulations, it's July 1st. Congratulations. The Florida Panthers on winning the 2026 Lord Stanley's Cup. Hank I think team dinners can be attributed.


We dinner together a punch. I know. Yeah. I didn't realize it until like all the post-game interviews. I was like, yeah, this team, team dinners, Everyone was there. It's gonna, it's it's gonna force some team that absolutely hates each other to try to do this. And it's gonna be so awkward because like a team dinners work in theory if you like everyone, but if they, if if you have a team that doesn't like each other, it's gonna tear 'em apart. All right. Your cool throne. My cool throne is WNBA pettiness. Yeah. Caitlyn Clark was voted number one all star team by the fans. Number nine by our fellow players.


I have some takes, please. Did you have a take On the Kaitlyn Clark situation? Yeah, I have a take. I think that it is good for good for the league. Okay. I Because we're, because we're talking about the league right now. Okay. I agree. I'm gonna piggyback on your take tag me in first. This is about this year. Caitlyn Clark has missed almost half the games. So I mean, she's, I I I know that she's incredible and I think she's one of the best players and she's also like the WNBA just expanded. They're bringing back Detroit Cleveland and then what's the other one? Nashville. Nashville got a franchise.


The Caitlyn Clark defenders are such losers now. Like what, what do we care that she's the most popular player? What, what should her like rivals do? Should they just be like, oh, we love you Caitlyn, thank you so much. We we want to kiss your feet and like, and, and, and hope you do just Of course they don't like her. She's better than them and she's more popular. Like of course they're petty about it. I think that's good for sports. They're trying to hurt her though. But the hurting part, I agree that's too far. But like, this is like to be like, this is bullshit. I can't believe they don't like her. I can believe they don't like her. She gets all the attention. They're jealous. Who cares? That's good for sports. Kaly Clark will have a longer career, better career, make more money.


She's gonna win in the long run. It doesn't have to be like a World War III every single time there's a slight on Kaitlyn Clark. It just, it it loses all of the like, oomph for me when you're just, when the Kaitlyn Clark defenders are crying about her constantly, When have we ever cared about the, the breakdown of all star vote percentages in the WNBA? Right. Has, has that ever happened? We we do care now, right? So yeah. Is is she worthy of a, a higher percentage? Probably. Yeah. But she also has been hurt. And it's also good that the league hates her this much because it, it pisses everyone off and it gets more people talking about the WNBA and then she's gonna go out there with a chip on her shoulder and she's gonna be great.


Shove it in their faces and prove to them that she's better and that's gonna be great for the league too. Not only that, but what is like one, one of the, the, the number one complaints we see online about sports, specifically the NBA specifically basketball is, well they, all, these guys don't hate each other like they used to. They used to hate each other. They used to like the Pistons and bulls hated each other. The Pistons and Celtics hate each other. MJ hated Isaiah. All this stuff like hate was, was what fueled the league. And now you have that back in the WNBA and you're gonna complain about it. Like, who cares? They, her peers don't like her 'cause she's more popular than them. That's just a fact. Yeah. And she can just be better and win championships and shove it in their face.


Like I just don't, I I I would not be offended if I was a, if I was a Caitlyn Clark fan, I would not be going to my pitchforks because she was voted ninth in a season when she's played half the games. Okay. Counterpoint though. Isn't it also a sign of the growing league that we have this many Caitlyn Clark fans that get this pissed off True 'cause of perceived slights. Right? This is, this is like the Caitlyn Clark defenders that have to show up and, and stick up for their person. I think it's all good, I think. Agreed. I I think what we're gonna see though is we're gonna see, like Caitlyn Clark is going to go on a little tear. She's gonna be great. The fever are eventually gonna win a championship. She's gonna to get some players from teams that maybe used to hate her.


Ken Clark Win the big one though. That's a good, good question. We, we don't know, but pft, I, so when she gets like, like Clotheslined going through the lane, that's when I'm like, yeah, Caitlyn Clark defenders, that's when you need to rally the troops and go after her on a fucking vote. Like Tyrese Halliburton was voted most overrated and then he went to the finals. Who cares? You know? I need to see the athletic poll of the WNBA for most overrated player in the league There. What do think, What, what do you think the result would be? I, I don't know, but I, I just, there are things 90%, 95% Caitlyn Clark, There are definitely pitchfork moments for Caitlyn Clark that are like, yeah, you have to defend her a vote that essentially, it basically should have just been a poll to every WNBA player.


Do you like Caitlyn Clark? Yes or no? And they would've voted no because they don't, 'cause she gets all the attention and she's good for the league and she outshines everyone, even if she's only playing half the games. The injury aspect is actually a valid point. That's a good point. If you're right, if you're gonna go just by a sports breakdown of it. But yeah, there's the, the difference between the fan vote and the player vote was crazy. It was crazy to see. But again, let's, let's not burn out all of our, our emotion. That's what I'm saying. And defending Caitlyn Clark right now, there's going to be, there's gonna be play. Listen, you gotta rest up for the playoffs. Okay. She also, if she was not in the All-Star game, I'd be like, pitchforks do it.


She's the captain of the All Star team. This was totally irrelevant. It was a completely irrelevant vote. That just doesn't matter. Right. I don't even get mad at the hard fouls because I also like Sophie Cunningham coming to her defense and like knocking people out. That's also good for the league. Yeah. Agreed. Well that is, yeah. Did you see Sophie CU Cunningham take a shot at Detroit? That was a little weird. What'd she say? She Was just like, players don't want, like, why didn't you make up? Miami players don't wanna play in Detroit. It was like, okay. I don't know, Detroit, like, Detroit's kind of Detroit's kind of back in terms of sports And now we're gonna Hoss mode, That's gonna be on a quote card right before they play against Detroit.


A playoff series at some point. Yeah. Also the, the other team was Philly and those teams aren't coming till 2030. Okay. So yeah. Oh, Philly's the other team, not Nashville. He said Nashville. She's like, why didn't you pull in national? Why didn't you, she's basically just like, why don't you put 'em in Party Cities? I don't know. Cleveland and Detroit love their sports. Do you, how, how successful do you think A-W-N-B-A franchise would be in Miami? Probably not that they can barely, they can barely get outta bed to watch their Stanley Cup. Champion Panthers. Yeah. I'm pretty sure Detroit won like three WNBA championships. Right? You fact check that like three or four.


Weren't they a dynasty? What was the name? Was Lamb Beer? The coach? Am I making all of this up? I think The lamb beer was coach what They were. Lisa Leslie. Yeah. Yeah. No, no. But Bill NBI remember the NBA when they would do the All-Star game and it would be like the WNBA player. Yeah. With the NBA team. So there's history there. There's big history there. Detroit's back s Scuba. Did you guys watch S Scbu on Sunday night? Yeah, It was lights out. What A fucking Hoss. Detroit shock. What? A lot. Yeah. Three time. WNBA champions. There you go. I know. My WNBA history. 2 0 3. 2 0 6. 2 0 8. No one's ever said it like that.


2 0 6. 2 0 3. Why did you say that? Alright, PFT, what's your Hot Seat? Cool. Own. My Hot Seat is Shado Sanders. Yes. So the, the quarterback room in Cleveland right now is Joe Flocko. Can you pick it? Dylan Gabriel Shado. And everyone's kind of looking for Joe Flaco to take on some sort of mentorship position, some sort of leadership role for the young guys. I think Joe Flaco iss more concerned about just winning a starting job and keeping his career going. But lucky for Shado Sanders. He found a mentor in Cleveland that's taking him quote under his wing. Do you know who that person is?


I Do. It is Deshaun Watson. Deshaun Watson has stepped up to show the young guy the ropes. I, that's a bad phrase. I should not have used that phrase. He's taking him under his wing to kind of, you know, introduce him to the NFL and what it's like to be a pro. Show him the meaning of being a true professional. So shout out to Shado. You got a good mentor there. Good luck. Good luck. I don't know if this is like a contractual obligation where they're like, Hey Deshaun, I know you're not really playing right now, but if you could kind hang out with young guys and, and lead by example, You think this is maybe a situation like who saved who, like an old person getting a pet.


Yeah. It could be Who saved who here. It, it could be like that, that type of responsibility might be good for Deshaun also, if Shado is literally under his wing all the time, then he's not gonna be getting jacked off in massage parlors because the beds aren't wide enough. So that's good. Well, Shado But the bed's not wide enough for Two at a time. Right. But Shado could go skiing. He could. Yeah. Shado could be Shado could be the lucky Pierre in between Deshaun Watson and Joe Flacco just going to town. Joe, I'll tell you this. I've sha I've, I've shaken Joe Flacco's hand. I would not want a hand job from him. No guy's got fucking monster hands.


No, he is meant to. He's meant to beat off in cold weather. That's why the Steelers, that's why the Steelers in the Ravens wanted him outta college. Joe Flacco gives you a hand job. He'd just be like, whoops, I broke it. Yeah. This guy's, this guy's got hands that could jack off a clevelander. Oh, we gotta, we gotta tell Joe that we had this conversation when we see him maybe in Tahoe. I mean, shake his hand. Shake his hand. Tell me if, tell me if, if that could make you come. The answer's not Mount ru Mount Rushmore of, of people you would least like to get your hand job from. He's Andre the giant. Greg Abbott. Greg Abbott? No, not Greg Abbott. Jason Pier. Paul. Wait, who's Greg Abbott The pitcher.


The Paul. No, that's the politician, isn't it? Oh, Jim Abbott. Jim Abbott. Yeah. Also Greg Abbott. Greg Abbott as well. Well, he's probably got some strong arms. Yeah. The guy, that Indian dude with the, with the like hundred year fingernails. Yep. Yeah, the ones that curl around. That would suck. That would really suck. Alright, you're cool. My cool Is the US men's national team. The lads boys. We're, we're in the semi-finals now of the CONCACAF Gold Cup. Hank is locked in. I know you watched that PK Shootout against Costa Rica.


Mm. The Good, the good news is, sure, this is the good news is we got a, we got a goalie now. His name's freeze. He's the ice wall. Oh. Ooh, that's that actually, that plays. Yeah. The goalie's name is Freeze. And he was awesome in pks. He was a beast. What I, I didn't realize though, is once we got rid of Greg, 'cause we were a Greg out podcast, we got Greg fired. There's another halter. His son is on the team, but his son is on the team because I think he just made the team not through nepotism. Oh shit. But he, but he also missed a penalty kick. He boggled a penalty kick top left and, and Sky did.


So I don't know, maybe we might be all bur halter out now. Was Greg there? Greg was in the stands like upper deck. They had him sitting like in the 400 row and he was watching his son take the penalty kick and they got the whole reaction. Tough, tough moment for a dad and a family to watch at the same time. But yeah, listen, I think, I think Greg bur Holzer way better human being than a soccer coach. Yeah, totally agree. So he, he was in the stands for that. So that means that we beat Costa Rica. We're playing Guatemala in the semi-finals tonight. Tonight. Hank Lock the fuck In. Who? The two teams. Who are the other two teams? Mexico and some team that's gonna lose to Mexico. So we're gonna, what's gonna happen is this your first CONCACAF Gold Cup?


Hank, what's going to happen is, I guess not by not by not like, not willingly. You're Not, you're not consenting to this. No, No, no. Yeah. Let me break it down for you. Hank. Here's how the CONCACAF Gold Cup works. All right. The US is gonna play against Mexico in the finals. We're going to beat Mexico in the finals and we're all gonna be like us soccer's back. We're good. And then we're gonna blow it again in the next tournament that we play. We're Automatically in the World Cup. Who cares? Agreed. It's, it's the pageantry and the spectacle of the Gold Cup. Hank Got it. And, and Saudi Arabia's in this. So Yeah, they're a fame CONCACAF member.


I think Qatar was in it last time too. Yeah. We just let anyone in it just hanging Out the bag's big enough. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. My Hot Seat. I also had Shado Sanders. I'll, I'll pivot. It's myself. We're not doing a Fire fest this week. Reminder. We don't have a show Friday on 4th of July. This is an extra long show. So if you have to work Friday, save Dingers only for yourself. We have two great interviews coming up. Zach Gallen and Merrill Kelly in studio, and then Joey Chestnut. So extra long show. And then we'll be back three times a week, obviously on Monday. But my fire fest, or sorry, my Hot Seat is me. I went to dinner with my wife last night and there was a couple fans. There was like a, a table of young kids that, that were like, asked me for a picture.


And I was like, oh, that's cool. And then there was this table with, with this guy, with this big beard and older, and I, and he like was like, what's up? Love your podcast. Like, oh, that's sick. And I mentioned my wife, I was like, look at me like we're doing the, the young kids, we're doing the old guys. And she's like, that guy is the exact same age as you. And I had like the moment where I was like, fuck. He totally is because he had a beard. I was just like, and I, I had one of those moments where I was like, oh yeah, I forgot I'm 40. Like he, he was, he looked exactly the same age. That's great. I was like, I got the old guys, I got the young guys. So We're old. Yeah, we're old world, World, world old. Yeah. Like I'll see like another guy came and he had like two little kids and he was like, big fan.


And I was like, oh man. Like look at this. I'm getting, getting the older generation like, wait, those kids are the exact same age as my kids. Fuck. What the hell? Yeah. Yeah. Go ahead. Anybody older than Hank is is old. Yeah. Yeah. That's the way to look at it. Yeah. And then my cool throne is dudes, dudes named Ryan. Because this happened, this happened a few days ago. I think it happened last week, but I, the ESPN had a, a article about it. Did you guys see the, the Ryan Ryan's Day out in Colorado? It was pretty fucking awesome. So the Rockies have three Ryans on the roster. I think they actually have a fourth who's on il. And there's a group of Ryans who just like do meetups around the country and they tried to break the record for most Ryans at a baseball game.


There was like 500 Ryans out in the bleachers. And then Ryan McMahon on the Rockies hit a home run for him. And it was just like such a dude's rock moment where they just have, they have, they just basically go around. They did a St Ryan's day in Boston. They did another, another random Ryan's outing. They just get all the Ryans and they all just meet up. I like that. That is very cool. Yeah. Do you think that, you said the Rockies have four Ryans, they Have three currently on the roster. One is on the Iil Iil. Do you think if two of the other Ryans go on the Iil, they'll send Tom Hanks there? Yep. To pull the last one out and save them? Yeah, they have to. No, they'll send Ryan Day.


They'll Send Ryan Day out there. But yeah, it was, I mean, I don't know. It's pretty cool. Like Yeah. World's kind of a cynical place. These people are just hanging out and they actually have, when you go, you have to show your ID to confirm that you're or Ryan, by the way, our guy Zi not invited. It has to be RYAN And they also have like, rightfully so, they have like a notary public guy there who can ch legally change your name to Ryan if you want to join. Oh, if you wanted, if you want just be part of the festivities. Yeah, That's, I I like that. But also there should be somebody that, there should be somebody that monitors the Ryans to make sure that they all go by Ryan.


Yeah, because Ryan, Ryan is probably a pretty commonly skipped first name for people that just go by their middle name. That's true. They had a, so they had a, a St Ryan's Day in Boston, they had a Ryan Rodeo in Austin. They had an all Ryan's game show in San Diego. They just party with just Ryan's fucking awesome. I like that. Yeah. Alright, Zach, finish us off before we get to our interviews. I do, I do have a, a cool throne for you guys this week. My cool throne Is Hot Seat. Oh, we can go Hot Seat first. My, yep, we can do that. So my, my Hot Seat this week is recently, gentlemen, we all played Dungeon and Dragons. It did come out in the last couple of days. I did see that in the moment while we were playing together.


I, I did not realize just how indecisive I may have been in some of the decisions going back and watching the game film. And I would like to say, Hank, I do want to apologize for contributing to messing up your birthday. It's Okay, Zach. It was, It's not your fault. I did not my fault at all. Didn't realize just how bad some of that went. And I just want you to know Hank, I'm sorry. And I hope it was a great birthday after that. Man. It was a great birthday and I, I I don't want you to to worry about it for a second. It was funny. And I do have a Hot Seat as well, or no, I, I did think big. How was paying you to do that at one point? But that's all right. You Hank was so mad at me So bad. There was no, no hand to hand transactions on that, that was just a misstep.


Is Zach, in terms of like watching the YouTube and seeing how the, the costume shopping went for Dungeon Dragons. Any, any decisions you would've made a little bit differently there? Or are you happy the way things turned out? Most of 'em, I, you guys didn't have full costumes. That's a hundred percent on me. It, I dropped the ball. It's okay. We listen. We played Dungeon and Dragons, by the way. Thank you for everyone who listens to that episode. Shout out Tim Woods. We play it twice a year around our vacations. And so you'll have another chance sometime in February you'll have another chance On the costumes. Yes. On the costumes. So it'll, I would love a redemption costume if that, if, if that's okay with you. Can We keep the time limit? No, no, no, no, no.


The time limit starts tomorrow and then Yeah. Same costume shop, right? Is that cool? Yes. I think, I think we, we stick to, he gets an hour. He's gotta get it done in an hour. He's gotta get it done in an hour. I think we also should, next Dungeon and Dragons. We should get one of those sand timers for Zach. Yes. Yes. That's great. We walk in, we, we, we get an hour sand timer and once it starts that's it. But Also in the game too, when we make him make a decision each Oh, okay. Flip it and just be like, all right Zach, here we go. I'm gonna become hyper away of time, I promise. Gentlemen. No, I don't want you to change. I don't want you to change. Okay. I can that too. We can, I can, I can work on that.


PFT you, you, you bounced out for a second. He, Zach decided that he was gonna work on being more decisive. Then I told him don't change. And he's gonna also work on that. Okay. Which one are you gonna work on first? The decisiveness. I'm gonna, I'm gonna lock that in for you guys. That was, I decisive. I don't want you to Change. Oh no. Yeah, you're right. No, I got that wrong. I got that wrong. The timing stuff? Yes. Good answer. Yes. That was a, that was a brain fart. Yeah. No, That was good. That was good. Which one are you gonna work on first? Yes. Okay. Your cool throne. I do have a cool throne for you guys. My cool throne this week goes out to the gentleman at Optic Texas.


They defeated the Vancouver surge or CDO. They are Call of Duty World Champions and Call of Duty Black Ops. Six shot to those guys back to back es back first ever in history. Back to back champions. I'm not even optic guy, but you can't deny greatness. That's so awesome. Mercury's coming up. They did some roster cuts earlier in the season. Another one doing too good. Kenny got dropped. They picked up Mercury did some shifting around. He wins. MVP. Shout out to the young guy. Everybody just frying. It was fantastic. Huck Shotsy, Dashy, all the boys. Congratulations. Mercury back to back. Never been done. Is Mercury next? Is he he's he's the new goat. He's, he's good. I wouldn't say New Goat. He's got a lot, lot long way to go.


But he was a great contributor to the team. Jack didn't get dropped from the stallions. He, he is a little bit of a redemption. Yes. Wait, great. Bonno there, Hank fantastic ball. They Get him off the street. No, he's getting dropped and picked up, but now he's with the boys, now he's with the hitters. Hex picked him up. Daddy Hex said, look, come over to the Green Wall, we're gonna show you how to do it. Right. And they might just do it again next Year. Said, he just said, wait, Mees that like, to Merck someone is to kill him. So that's an incredible nickname, right? Oh, it's awesome. Matchup Hercules. Merck Mercuries. Fantastic. It's 10 10. Okay. Yeah. That's, that's a great nickname. Wait, Zach, did you watch it live? I didn't. I I wasn't able to catch all of it, but I've watched all the clips since then.


Yes. Okay. Zach, I got a question for you. In, in this Call of Duty tournament is, are all the players like in relatively good shape? This is Champs, this is a Super Bowl. P ffc. I know Champ. Let's call it a to, let's just call it a regular tournament. This Is, okay. Alright. World championship. Are, are all the players in really good shape? Mentally or physically? Physically. Like, is there, are there any big boys that are playing Oh's? There's, I mean, yeah, there's some big boys at the desk. Hank is like, yeah, for sure. Because like in my day, that's how you identified a gamer. Usually had a little heft to him. And from what I've been seeing with the advent of, you know, speed and, and a DHD medication, it feels like all the guys are like real thin. And I, I would like to see some of the bigger boys coming back.


I, I don't think, I think the Heftiness isn't going anywhere anytime soon. But maybe some of these guys maybe dial back on the Ritalin a little bit. You know, maybe get some more carbs in 'em and be All right. They're all short. They're little guys. That's pretty cool. They're, They're all Like five posture's. Not the best, but those fast twitch muscles immaculate. Is there, Is there a tall fat guy that we could call Kendrick Merkins? That'd be good. Not on Optic, but I can find you the tallest fat guy they got in the CDL right now. Okay. PFDI had a short king stat for you. Fuck. That's weird. 'cause I'm not that short, actually. No, You're not. But I had a stat for you and I saw it and I was like, oh, I'm gonna save this. Fuck. I don't think I have it, but I, oh no, I have it.


Here it is. Jose Altuve 242 Career home runs every other player listed five six or shorter since integration, 241 home runs. So he's, he's lapped the crew. He's literally the pound for pound greatest. He stands head and shoulders above the crew. Yeah. Yeah. Everyone else combined. 2 41. He had 2 42. Good for him. Pretty Sick. Okay, let's get to our interviews. Merrill Kelly. Zach Gallen, Joey Chestnut, and then our dingers only draft, which I'll just say it. Not our never our best work, but still with baseball season, It was actually way better than last year's. Last Year's.


We called some of the players too. Yeah. We, we got some of the players on the phone and also last year we had a lot, we drafted a lot more players that had already been taken And we drafted a lot more players that were already injured, like on the disabled list. Right. So I'd say like, in terms of getting it right, for the most part, I'd say we hit like 80%. Yeah. And also Zach realizing his decisiveness might be an issue. We did tape this last week before he realized that. So might still be an issue in this draft. I, and, and as of right now, we're all live. So all the, all the teams are live. I've been watching my guys being pissed off every time they hit a home run, being like, save it.


Save it. Yep. But it's officially live and we'll update it every single week. Okay. Let's get to the interviews.


Okay. Before we get to our interview with Zach Gallen and Merrill Kelly in studio, I want to talk to you guys about one of the biggest fights coming up on Netflix with two of the most dynamic and fierce female athletes in the world. Facing off all eyes are on Katy Taylor seeking Ultimate Glory while Amanda Serrano is fighting for redemption and revenge. Stakes have never been higher for women's sports, as we await for one of the most highly anticipated rivalries to unfold. And first ever women's boxing trilogy fight. Who will win? Well, the fight is accessible globally and included as part of your Netflix subscription. No expensive pay-per-view fees. I've actually seen both of these women fight in person. They will not disappoint. This is going to be all action from start to finish. It's giving the Big Cat guarantee that this fight is gonna be worth it. And guess what? If you're like me, you already have Netflix. You already use Netflix all the time. You have this fight ready to go with just a click of a button. So sit down, watch Katie Taylor versus Amanda Serrano Friday, July 11th at 8:00 PM Eastern, 5:00 PM Pacific Standard Time live on Netflix. And I'm telling you, this fight is going to deliver.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Chevy. You grind all year, early mornings, late nights, fantasy drafts, hustle mode on. But when summer hits, it's time to chill. And Chevy Silverado makes that possible. We're talking, towing the boat to the lake, off-roading into the woods like a legend. And still having room for the squad and all your gear inside Silverado's. Comfy, like a recliner outside, built like a linebacker. Chevy Silverado work hard, chill, harder football guy approved. We know this firsthand. We've been able to drive the Chevy Silverado, a bunch of our trips. It's super comfortable inside and it can get the job done. Long road trips, hauling stuff, moving stuff, boats, everything. Chevy Silverado. So head to chevy.com to check out more about the Chevy Silverado today. Chill harder with the Chevy Silverado. The best truck in the world. If you're thinking about being a truck person, Chevy Silverado, tell 'em Big Cat sent you with the Chevy Silverado.


Okay, here they are. Zach Gallen and Merrill Kelly. Okay, we now welcome on to very special guests from the Arizona Diamondbacks. It's Zach Gallen. Merrill Kelly. Best friends. Let's start there. I was reading that you guys are best friends. Are you both saying that the other one's your best friend? Yeah, sure. I would say so. Of Course. I mean, on The team. Meryl said that a lot faster than you, Zach. Well, I don't wanna talk over him. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That's best friends. That's a best friend trait. It is. You don't wanna talk over, Are we talking best friends on the team or best friends in life? Let's Talk Best friends in life. Oh, I mean, I feel like we both have circles outside of baseball. We can't Trump, but, but on the team for sure.


Best Friends on the team. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. We've been together, we've been in there longest. We both have been here since 2019, so, Okay. It's been a long time. Okay. So If we've played the Newlywed game right now, you guys be really good at it. That's a good question. That is a good question. Good question. If it was the baseball, like a baseball version of that, I think we'd be all right. All Right. So what Or golf. Or golf. Yeah. What, What? What's Meryl's favorite pitch? Zach? Change it. Okay. What's Zach's favorite pitch? K Ball. Okay. Is that right? Sounds Like you guys are good so far. What's, what's Zach's favorite movie? Ooh. Zach's favorite movie. Yeah. That one would probably stump me to be honest with, I don't even know if I know the answers to my favorite movie. That's Perfect. You guys are in sync. There you go.


Meryl, who's the guy that absolutely owns Zach In the league? Yeah, There, I, I don't know if you get this. It'd be, it would be impressive actually. Oh, So someone we're not thinking of? Yeah, Someone, I'll give you a hint. They're not active, that's the Thing. Oh, they're not ever, they're retired. Is it some guy on the Savannah Bananas? I'm might hang 'em up if that was the case. I don't know if they're retired, but they're just not in the majors anymore. Got it. We used to play him a lot in division. Yeah. Mm. Charlie Blackman? No, no. Who is it? Ry El Tapia. Oh. And what was the Reason for I've known that Ry topia for, while, I think last time I faced him was 2023 maybe in Milwaukee.


And I, I swear to you, I think it was like he's hitting 600 off me, like 12 for like 20, like whatever that math comes out to be 10 for 19. And I'm like, oh, at least I'd never give up a home run to him. Give up a home run to him that day. So, But what, what is that is? Well, that guy killed us, bro. That Guy. Is it in your, is it in your head or is it something he just figured out? I think it's just something that he does. Like, he just 10 for 18 with a home run and two rbis in 19 plate appearances. Vince Gallen. Yeah. That's pretty Damn good. And if you do the ai, the AI overviews as Ry Mel Tapia has had considerable success against Zach Gallen and their considerable, Considerable is an understatement. Yeah. I think if you asked me, yeah.


I'm like, here comes this fucking Guy. Alright, so who, who owns, Well, I would imagine if you looked up his numbers against the Diamondbacks in general, they'd probably, They'd probably really Good. Yeah. Who, who owns Merrill? We were just talking about this. Fuck, we were just talking about this. Someone who's still in the big leagues. I know. We just played him too, right? Gimme, You can guess. You can guess the team. The team should be pretty obvious. You just said it, you're like, I don't understand. I'm, I'm drawing a blank. No, you're thinking of the guy that I think shouldn't beat me. That does all the Time. Oh, Who's that? But the guy who owns me is different than that guy.


Wait, who's who? Who shouldn't, who's the first one? That better Guy on Blast. Not gonna me put this guy on Blast. Yeah. Yeah. He says, Who is it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Jacob Stallings. Okay. Catcher. Oh, That's right. Stallings. I don't know. I can't think of player. He's been in the league for a while. And so when he gets player you, you're like, this is Bullshit. Oh my gosh. Damn it. This guy got me again. Every single time I watch him, I'm like, there's no way this guy's getting hit off me. And every single time he does, he will drop one in for a two RBI blooper over the second baseman's head. Knock me outta the game sometimes, but Yeah. All right. So who's, who's the answer to who owns you? I dunno, I can't think of who it is. La Freddy Mookie Close.


Freddy probably does too. But Muncy, Muncy Muncy. I wouldn't have guessed that we went on a, a family vacation with my wife's family and her uncle's pretty funny. He puts together like these gift bags for everybody. But in there, there's like a, a dark joke for everyone, right? Like, and he literally hand typed a letter from Max Muncy to me, and the Dodgers thanking me for my services against the Dodgers. But I think Muncy is probably hitting, I would guess 500 off me, something like that. Okay. And Meryl, what's, what Barstool Sports employee has the most unhealthy obsession with Zach?


Mm. That's a good question. Do You know Zach? Yeah, I'm not the, I'm not the one to ask about that, To be honest. There's, there's a few teammates that would get this right. I don't know that he would know this. Yeah. Okay. So don't I'm, but there's A handful guys that right off the bat would be like, I know exactly who you're talking And who's that guy? That'd be Rico. Yeah. So, so this is a real topic we have to talk about because Zach, I, I obviously was busting your balls And we were walking in being like, oh, I'd love seeing a Cubs uniform. It, I won't, I won't push any rumors, but you are in a contract year, so it's gotta be like, it's gotta be in your head a little bit. Do you think if Scott Boris walks in and is like, Hey Zach, we're ready to get a new contract, but this guy Rico, he's bringing us down and teams are gonna see this relationship and they're gonna be like, you know what, the price went down.


I mean, you have to, you have to cut him loose because he does, it is bad for, for you how much he rides for you. And he, he Turtles when you have a bad game, Does he really? Yes. That was the big Well, I, I respect that at least. I mean, he's just so Ride or die, He's so ride or die, I don't think, You know, he would kill, he would literally murder you for Nate Oats. So you don't mean anything in the grand scheme Of this, in the grand scheme of it. Yeah, this is a good point. And I never thought that I would be over Nate Oats, so I, I'm fine with that. Okay. So I, I I don't think he actually rides as hard for you as you think that he does. I think that this season he's kind of gotten off because Oh, He's definitely gotten off this season. Yeah. So, because I'm probably losing him money this year, so we're being frank about it.


Yeah. Well, first start of the year, March 27th, happy gallon day to all who celebrate. Yeah. That's what he posted. Then your next start Happy Gallon day to all who celebrate your next start Happy Gallon day to all who celebrate. He hasn't done that since April 7th. Oh No. Well, I haven't pitched goods since April 7th, so that's probably why he's probably like, I'm losing money every time this guy's out here. So no More happy Gowning. But but To be fair, he was, he was at least riding for whatever it was. Yeah. It was a long time. And we love Rico. I can't can't, yeah. We gotta plus the ball. But it was, I think it was the NLCS where I think game one where you got touched up a little. Yeah. In Philly. And then he, he went silent and then he, when you guys won game three, he went after Max and it was like, dude, where were you Game one?


He, he does that. He goes silent on Twitter when things go, don't go his Way. And then Game seven went good Too. Yeah. Are you guys, I mean that did Max Even on game seven, I mean he, that was an all time meltdown for Max. He looked ridiculous. You guys, I've heard you talk about Meryl because you grew up a little bit in the area, but like the Max was just convinced that the bank was going to win that series. He was like, they can't go and win two at the bank. There's no way. Yeah, because We're pitching against the crowd. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That, that is how he thinks. He's like, I think it actually would've been easier to pitch against the crowd if we're being honest. Yeah. Some guys, some guys that are yelling at us, we bring 'em down into the box and see how it goes. I don't know dude. He was the Matt Star of the ca a ba baseball hra, so he could probably take one off you guys.


Maybe We should make that happen when we, We should make that happen. But you Played h bring you bring you Eric Sim out and we'll make a whole thing out of it. He does have to pitch against against a college lineup at some point. Yeah. 'cause he lost our fantasy baseball league last year. Do you have any advice for him? Pitcher to pitcher? How should he approach that lineup? What lineup are you, fa who are you facing? We don't know yet because Max keeps putting the punishment off. It, It was supposed to be, it was supposed to be Tennessee and then we A couple Tennessee. Yeah, Tennessee. And we had a couple of rain outs and then I broke my foot on a whatever. We don't have to get into how I broke my Foot broke, broke his foot being drunk. Okay. Just walking, just walking home. That sounds a little intentional. That sounds like You're trying to get outta it. No, I mean, maybe.


Do You have any pitching Background? No. None. No. I, I I I, we, we got a radar gun out. I think I was topping out at like 62 at the moment. That Might actually be good for you. That's, That's below the hitting speed. What? That's what Scobel said. Yeah. If You threw like 85, I'd be like, they would like, you wanna wear 85 On Yeah. P ft did it against UIC baseball only. Give up what two earned runs? Two. Yeah. Earned runs. Asterisk. I balked a lot. Yeah. I had like four ball. How many, how many innings? Two Innings. Two innings. Okay. Struck A guy out. Big Cat threw out the strike out at first base. I dropped, I dropped the third strike but still threw him out at first. That's good. So It's like we both got a strike out. Yeah. Yeah. Which Is the stupidest rule in baseball of all time. I love it. I love it.


It's so stupid. Really? You think that's the, You swing at a pitch that's that bad that that is. Yes. That bad. And then just because the ball like bounced away, you get to go to first base. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta, you gotta, you gotta catch it. Like Participation trophy Is what I thought. Even think about it. Like I literally made you swing at a pitch that didn't even make it to the plate. It was that bad. And you get to run to first base. It Still counts as a K though for you. Yeah. If We get 'em. Yeah. Yeah. So You could get, think about it this way. You could get unlimited Ks in a game. That is a good one. You think about it the positive way. I've made that joke to get catch before. I'm like, you just wanted me to get another strikeout, right? Yeah. That's why we missed that one. Four Punches in the Inning. Yeah. When you guys like, so Zach, what was it, when would, when did you have your 13 strikeout game against the Yankees?


Was it last year? No, this year. It was this year. Beginning, yeah. In April. Did You, that was probably right after that guy stopped. Right before that guy stopped tweeting. Yeah. Rico. Yeah. Did When you, when like, do you know when you have it like that on a given day? Or how fast during the game are you like, oh shit, it's, it's different today? Yes and no. I mean, there's been games where I've, I go back, there's a game against the Dodgers where in the bullpen I felt like shit. I'm like, well, let's just see what's gonna happen today. And then wound up punching at like 12 or 13 that day. So like, you don't really know until the game's going on. And in that Yankees game, I didn't know that I had 13 Ks. Like stuff was just moving how I wanted it to.


They were swinging at pitches that I wanted them to. So it kind of worked out. Yeah. But I'd say like, probably by like the third inning you're like, okay, like everything's kind of working how I wanted to, like you've been through the lineup like one time you're like, all right, I got a pretty good idea of what's going on. Do You think the Rex specs help you because you do look like a nerd and like, guys don't take you as seriously, It's like an opposite intimidation there. Yeah. Right. Like no way can this nerd strike me Out. Yeah. That's probably probably how I Telling you had the long hair. Yeah. The the long hair. Yeah. It's, yeah. The, the astigmatism That's, that's I'm what I'm chalk It up to. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe it's a reverse kind of intimidation thing. Yeah. Have you guys noticed the stitches on the ball being any different this year?


I just talked about this the other day. The, the drag. You seen that? Yeah. I don't You the drag set for, oh, you Guys have to say you don't notice it. I haven't Noticed it. I honestly haven't noticed it to be honest with you. I Give some, I've given them some far home runs this year, so I must be using different balls. They must just have the ones specifically for when I'm pitching. And then the other low drag ones, I mean, I will say the last couple years, I mean, I'll get balls back that are exit velo like 73 miles an hour. And the whole half of it is just dented, like the whole half is just lopsided when you get it back. Huh, huh. And balls that aren't even like scorched. It'll be like a little jam shop pop up and I'll get it back and the whole half will just be like cut off. The Other thing I'm, I'm interested in with the, like how they prepare the balls is the mud that gets put on 'em.


So do you have like a specific way that you guys like to have your balls handled? We actually give our bull, we actually give our bullpen catchers a lot of shit for this. 'cause they're the ones in charge of rubbing our balls up. Yeah. Yeah. Some days they don't rub our balls that Good. Yeah. And some days they're a little dry. Yeah. So we tell 'em to get a little bit more moisture on the balls. Yeah. It's a little bit better. But I like that. Yeah. Yeah. If you pull one out and it's a little chalky, it's like, ah, come on, come on man. Yeah. Yeah. Take some more time rubbing those balls please. What'd that mouth do? Wait, so Meryl, you, you, you were the, I think you're the only pitcher to pitch in the World Series in the Korean World Series. Is that correct? I think I saw that somewhere. That's crazy. That's wild. Yeah, it was Fun. Both of 'em were fun. So what was it like pitching in Korea?


Awesome. Loved It. Like is it just the same game? Like is it the talent level Pretty much, yeah. The talent level was getting there when I was there. It's, it was still to be desired a little bit. Like there were guys that could play in the big leagues all the way to guys that probably wouldn't even sniff the field on my junior college team. Really. And anywhere in between that, the game pretty much is the same. Right? Once you get in between the white lines, it's the same. There's a smoke break after the fifth inning. They do a fifth inning break rather than a seventh inning break. 'cause obviously Koreans just pound cigarettes. Yeah. So the fifth inning break is funny. All the starters will come off and they'll go pound their cigarette and all the bench guys and the relievers will go out in the field and stretch and run around and warm up and stuff.


And then we will come back out and resume the game. That's hilarious. And you were on the, the wives, right? Yeah. Yeah. Do you know what is a wive? It's like a mythical dragon. Yeah. So, and the best way to describe it, I think we, We play Dungeon and Dragons a couple times a year and couple Times a year. Yeah. Yeah. We, we, So whenever you're feeling frisky Or less fun, we do it on the show. Yeah. Okay. And, and our dungeon master Tim Woods is obsessed with Wyvern. Okay. He thinks that the wyvern is actually the purest form of the dragons. Something to do with like the wings and the legs. You think He's an SK fan Or what? Maybe. Maybe we need to get him a SK jersey. Get him some. I don't if they make 'em anymore. They sold, they're so, it's a different team now. But, So when you're playing in Korea and you're going up against a guy that you said like probably wouldn't even play junior college ball, do you have to like lock yourself in more when you're facing that guy because you're like, I, I can't, I can't let up a hit to this guy that sucks.


Honestly, I just try to throw it right down the middle and want 'em to hit it. Yeah. 'cause they're pesky over there. They'll just foul shit off until they die. So I would rather just, here's the first pitch fastball. If you hit it the best you can, it might make it to the outfielder and otherwise it's gonna just bloop into somebody's glove. So I'm just gonna give you a first pitch heater and hopefully move on. Yeah. And then focus back on the guys that couldn't Actually Play. Yeah. Basically. Yeah. Yeah. Do you, do you guys miss batting? Were you still Nah, no. Batting was the best For Nation. No. Batting was Tough. The worst. It was the worst. No. But home runs like by a pitcher was so cool. So Cool. Yeah. It was the only time that the pitcher hitting was good was they'd come up with like base loaded one out and like a big spot and you're like, ah, thank God I can either get a straight out here or a double play unless you're facing like the couple of guys that could hit.


But for the most part, like my dad used to get, he would be like, swing the bat. I'm like, dad, they don't pay me anymore. Or less if I'm getting hit, I remember you and Bum, all I could do is get hurt. That's all I remember. I remember you and Bum got into it that one day at at bp. Yeah. Because that's his argument. Like they don't pay me to hit. And you know, mad Bum was a good hitter. He liked to hit Homer so he like really took pride in it. So the fact that he said that like really offended. He got mad at you? Yeah. Yeah. He got mad. He was No, They literally do pay you to hit You. This is when they were like negotiating between the DH or no dh, whatever they were doing. And I just was like, all, all you can do out there is get hurt. Like, I just saw the total downside of it. And I like was a decent hitter, like a bunt. So like I was fine. It was just more of like, this seems like an occupational hazard that can Be.


And you did, you ended up breaking your arm? Yeah, and I broke and then I had a hairline fracture in my elbow. So Wait for bunting? Yeah. From taking BP in the cage. Like one of the first weeks in like spring training, I was just like, ah, this doesn't feel right. They couldn't figure out what it was. And they finally got an MRI and they were like, you have this tiny hairline fracture in your elbow. Oh Shit. So you're never gonna take PPP again? I haven't. Oh, I, I took it that year 'cause we were hitting, but like I had to be like, I had to bont the first like two months of that season. 'cause they didn't want me to swing. It was like a Yeah, it was a whole thing. Wait was hitting Sucked. Was Baumgarter like, was he actually pissed? 'cause that's a guy you don't want to have pissed at you. I'm not sure. I think he was like, he was upset. Upset. I think he was like 60 40. He was upset. I think he was trying to gimme like the young guy, like rookie like kind of hazing type of deal, but also was like, I wanna keep hitting.


Yeah. He was upset. He Loved it. What is the the rookie hazing in in major league baseball? I feel like it's just like wear a weird costume Nowadays. Don't do that Nowadays. Yeah, nowadays it's nothing. Really. Yeah. Damn. How society's gone. It's like, it's gone. Yeah. You can't really do that much anymore. Like The last probably thing is like, have bring beers on the bus, would you say? Yeah. Oh man, that's real. That's real. Every once in a while. And even that Doesn't even, yeah, exactly. That's even Every once in a while somebody might get up there and sing. We might, you know, have somebody get up there and tell their life story and sing. But even there's a couple guys that don't really like that either. So it doesn't really much. Yeah, there's not really much of that that goes on anymore. At least in our organization. That's the only organization I've been with.


So I can't speak for other teams. I don't know what they do. But as far as we go, we, there's not really much. You Should just have Rico come on the road with you and be like, the hazing is, you have to stay in a room with him. He sleep talks. He like screams in His sleep night. Terrors. Yeah, he has Nightmares. I've seen him of that from surviving guitars. That would be awesome. He just, you're with Rico About what are the night terrors? He Screams. Knows. So he sleeps with the lights on. He screams in the middle of the night and he plays show tunes on his speaker phone. That's Not real. There's no way dead. That's how he sleeps. Every night he falls Asleep to show it to, To show tune. She had the rent soundtrack. I had to share a room with him for a couple nights and I couldn't believe any of That. Sound mess. The soundtrack is so random Too. Yeah, no, I didn't have a sleep mask on or anything. It was just like, this is, this can't be real. Like just raw dog.


Like people, raw dog flights. You were just raw dog and sleep. I was raw Dog and Rico. Yeah. I had to Raw dog Rico And, and trying to fall asleep in that environment is Oh, miserable. It's challenging. It's like, you can't believe that this is real human being. That's no wonder. He is fucking crazy and I love him. But he's, he's nuts because he stays up all night screaming and listening to show tunes. Would He, does Rico know the rent soundtrack? Like by heart? Probably. I don't know. It's probably absorbed into his brain. Yeah, Right. Like os like, what is it? Osmosis? Yeah. Just kind of, He probably like if yeah, if like he went to see rent and like the, you know, the lead got sick. He could like ju jump on and just be like, I got this. I got It. I'm good. I got it. I I'm, I'm, I'm I'll handle it. Hey, Me in Korea, did you ever get to see the Bunting Derby?


I was a part of it. You were Part of it? Yeah. That's, to me, That's it. I'm sure there's some YouTube out there somewhere. I don't know. But MLB needs to incorporate the bunt derby into the Allstar brand. You think so? You think that'll draw a crowd? I I love watching it. Yeah. So what was that like? What, what did they have you do doing that? It was cool 'cause my, I flew my brother over, my brother who came over for the Allstar game, so he's the one that actually threw to me. But yeah, they just have these three targets set up one to the left side, one of the like down the first base side and then one right in the middle. And you just, yeah, just like it sounds, you just bump, you try to get it in the target as much as you can. How'd you do? I did. All right. I didn't win. My brother was a little amped up, was firing him in there a little bit, a little too hard. He was a little excited. And then we, we do it and then we watch the next guys come up and like, they're literally just like lobbing these balls in there And these guys are just like Softly tapping it.


Yeah, yeah. Placing them in there. I'm like, yeah, we, we didn't, we didn't talk strategy before that. I Guess they, they gotta bring that to major league baseball. It used to be AA derby. Oh yeah. In the AAA Allstar game. They would do it in 18. I was in it. Really? And I was like, this is Like, yeah, it was, it was To your point, like the BP was coming in too fast. I'm like, there you can't stop this though. It doesn't, yeah. I mean I just think it would be the most electric thing to gamble on. Yeah, I could see that. I can definitely see that. So, because then you're trying to look up stats of like, all right, if this, this guy actually a good bunker and in like the games Yeah. You take that into the blunting derby. Yeah. Every time you make contact, like I'm watching to see where the ball's gonna land. You have a good like five, six second rush of adrenaline watching on TV being like, oh, that's going fuck.


It'd be great. Yeah. How much of your guys' success is pitchers do you owe to Dan Herron. And is it all, What are you laugh at though? No, I, I was just, it it, I was surprised it took this long to get it Dan Har Person. Yeah. Mean we give, we give, we give him all the, all the credit. You tell me if that's wrong, but he is a genius. Yeah. I talk to Dan a lot. What Does he do? Actually, because I actually don't like, in real honesty, I don't think he does anything. He puts together, he writes up all of our scattering reports. Okay. Picture. So all the starting picture scattering reports. Dan is the one behind About the other lineup. Yes. And he's really good at that.


Yeah. That's pretty sick. Yeah. Yeah. He's an awesome dude. He's the best. Awesome. Yeah. Hall of famer. Yeah. He's, he, he puts good reports together sometimes too. Good. What does that mean? Like, there's so much information on there that like Yeah, I'm like, damn, how did you, how'd you find this number? Yeah. Like, and then I gotta go look at it and be like, damn, he found, I don't know how he found that number. Does he come out like every now and then and like actually like talk to you guys about pitching? 'cause I know he still lives in California, so Yeah. He was just in Yeah, He was just with us. Colorado. In Colorado. Yeah. Does He give you like tips? 'cause Dan's careers like fascinating because he basically, he was such a stud and then obviously got hurt with his back, but then continued to, you know, be in the MB reinvent himself for a really long time.


Yeah. Where he basically pitched two different ways. Yeah. Yeah. So he kind of knows everything about pitching it would seem Like. Yeah. The cool thing about Dan is that he always is like, I, it's I'm, he never wants to bring like make it about him. He's like, I'm not gonna talk about like what I did. Yeah. But like if you got questions he's got, he will try and answer 'em. Yeah. Which I think is cool. 'cause people who play a long time could be like, you know, me, me, me, I did this, I did that. And it's like, he's like, do your thing if you need questions, like I'll answer questions if you want me to. Yeah. We, That's why we give a lot of credit, all the credit because we know it makes uncomfortable all The credit. He's not that type Of guy. He's not that type of guy at all. So we like to really give him A lot of credit. A lot of credit. So much credit. Yeah. You guys should give him a lot of credit just to make him uncomfortable. We do, we do give him a lot of credit.


Like, you wouldn't be here without the inheriting. Should we text him right now? Yeah. Yeah. Give you so much credit. Just, Hey, I haven't said it in a while. I love you man. Just want say thank You for all you've done for me. He'll get uncomfortable. Yeah. He'll definitely get uncomfortable. Ask Him how his pugs Doing too. I'll say he's got a cool pug Mero, RIP Bernie, right? Myself. Yeah. And the PMT boys give you so much credit. So much. Great. He's gonna hate listening to this because he just gets so, he just Not want, he doesn't want any of it. He does not want, doesn't want any of it. He stays in the, he stays in the shadows. Meryl, I, He'll, he'll expect because I told him we were Coming. Yeah. So he's like, I I know something's gonna come outta this. Well I asked him, I was like, Hey, if you got any good questions for Meryl or Zach, let me know they're coming in.


And he just hearted the message. I was like, thanks Dan. Fucking Thanks for nothing. He was looking out for. Yeah. If I was a starting pitcher, he would, wasn't Gimme A full report, but he didn't gimme shit No. Good for him. See, I, I respect that because I've gone on other podcasts where like, they've been like, we know you eat this for breakfast. And I'm like, Who is your source? Exactly. Who, who are you talking to? Yeah. You call your dad said Dad, what's on? Yeah, The source was actually kind of a like out of the blue. Like, I was like, wow. Really? Oh, like there was actually, yeah, yeah, yeah. Wait, Marilyn, what, what does he eat for breakfast? Yeah. What's, yeah, I saw him at Kit the other day in, in Toronto eating french toast, so. Oh. Oh that's kind of heavy. Yeah, I Got a French. Yeah. What do You eat for breakfast?


No, that like most of the time it's like either French toast. I like chicken and waffles or eggs benedict. Or like my, Most of the time a French toast is kind of crazy. So that is worth the question being like what you have For breakfast And french Toast. No, I wouldn't every time. Most of the time is eggs benedict. That's what I go with. That's my go-to is Like I start every day with french toast. Yeah. No, that is a crazy move. Admittedly I'm not even a breakfast. You wanna pitch in the big leagues? Eat french toast. Eat French toast. Yeah. Eat like shit. Eggs. Benedict though is a theme though. That's my favorite too. Do, do you eat differently on days that you start? Not really. Like I try to keep it the same. Like, which is not the same every day.


Make sure just eat breakfast, you know, go about my day. Like Just try to your body off balance a little bit. Yeah. Keep it on its toes. Like make sure we're do Do you lose track of what day of the week it is? Yes. Yeah, absolutely. All the time. I would imagine that would be something that would be, that would be different about baseball players. Yeah. I mean we're in our third city in a week and a half, third time zone. A week and a half. Yeah. Everywhere. You Don't know. Yeah. You don't know what day is, you know what day you're pitching. And then after that it's like, I Don't know, you kind of know by like what time the game is. You're like, alright, it's a day game. It's probably Sunday or Wednesday or Thursday. Anything else? Flip A coin. And you know, it ends in, we know it ends in y like, yeah.


Okay. Quick break from Zach Gallen and Meryl Kelly. Talk to you guys about Friday, July 11th. Netflix and most valuable promotions brings you two of the fiercest female athletes on the planet. One ring, one final chapter. Katie Taylor and Amanda Serrano's. Last fight on Netflix was the most watched women's sporting event in history. And this is the third fight in historic trilogy. There's nothing like a boxing trilogy. Katie Taylor is chasing ultimate glory. Amanda Serrano is fighting for redemption and revenge. I'm telling you right now, you need to be sitting on your couch on Friday, July 11th and watching this fight because it will not disappoint. Watch Katie Taylor versus Amanda Serrano. Friday, July 11th at 8:00 PM Eastern, 5:00 PM Pacific Standard time live on Netflix. If you already have a Netflix subscription, guess what? You already have this fight. So there's no reason not to be watching 'cause it's gonna be that good. I'm telling you, it's giving the Big Cat guarantee. If you don't like it, you can complain to me on Twitter. This is going to deliver, this is going to be an incredible fight. Katie Taylor going up against Amanda Serrano for the trilogy on Netflix. Friday 11. Friday, July 11th at 8:00 PM Eastern, 5:00 PM Pacific Standard time live on Netflix. Okay, let's get back to Zach Gallen and Meryl Kelly.


Yeah. What's your, what's your favorite day of like the five day, you know, like starting and then the, like, what's the day? Because I, I, I always, this is very sad and, and pathetic that like, I'm not motivated, but I always daydream of being a pitcher the day after I had a start. 'cause I feel like that would rock just being like walking around the dugout being like, all right boys, I took care of business yesterday. Up to you. Yeah. That's if you took care of Business. Yeah. If you took care of business. Yeah. Well, in my, in my dream, I'm always taking care of Business of Yeah. Yeah. They call those dig me days. Okay. Spa days. Your spa Days. Some people call spa days. Of course. Oh, like look at me like dig me day. Yeah. I was like, I got to pro ball. I'm like, what the fuck? Dig? What is that? And they, they explain it to me. So, but Does if it's gotta feel good, right.


Even if you're not trying to look for it, like being like, I, I had a gem or I, I pitched great deep into the game and then the next day you just kind of could chill. Yeah. There's definitely something to be said knowing that you just pitched really well and walking into the stadium the next day, knowing that there's absolutely zero way that you're gonna contribute to that game. Right. Other than cheering on the boys and you know, doing whatever in the dugout. Like there's no way that I'm gonna enter the field of play today. Yeah. Yeah. That's gotta be great. Yeah. It's good. Like a little mini vacation that you're on. Yeah. Do you guys get butterflies when you have to pitch? Yeah, I would say so. Not as much as when I was younger, but it's, they're, they're still there Because Yeah. It's more like an anxious, like let's go, let's play like the game.


Sometimes I'm like, I wish this game would start. So you must love pitch Clock. Especially we wait five days. Do You like pitch clock or no? Oh no. Yes. And as a fan, as a fan watching the game. Yes. Yes. Yeah. When I'm pitching in the game, there's times that I would love for the game to slow down a little bit. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Like sometimes you're out there and you're just like this, it's five seconds already. Yeah. Like what are we doing? Feel like you just turned around and it's three seconds you have to throw the ball. Yeah. But To your point, you're watching the game and it's over in two hours and 30 minutes, you're like fantastic. Pretty nice. This is the greatest invention of all. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty nice. I thought I was gonna hate it, but I don't, I don't mind it. How do you feel about the robot? S Tough question for, I feel like for us to answer 'cause we haven't experienced 'em yet.


Yeah. The guys in AAA have done the whole a BS system and they've seen what it does. I like the idea of the challenge system a lot better. Yeah. I think it kind of brings everything together. It's like, 'cause in my opinion, the pitches that are missed throughout the game. Right. Like if you miss a pitch in the first inning, like is that really gonna make a difference in the ninth? But I go back to the World series that strike three that Moreno got called out on that was this far off the plate. You know, if he taps his head right there to ball four, he is going to first and the game changes in a big way. So I think the A BSI think is a little bit much. I don't know how you make that consistent over 30 stadiums. Yeah. But I like the idea of the challenge system. Yeah. Yeah. What about pitching on short rest?


You guys both done it? Is it, is it brutal? I don't think, dunno if I've ever done it. I dunno if I've ever done it. Yeah. I don't think, I don't think I've Ever done it. Because that's one of those things where from a fan's perspective, like yeah, why not just go pitch on short rest? Like, just fucking suck it up, dude. Yeah. Just blow your arm out. If I could, I would do it. I'd put it On short rest, take a couple anti inflams and just run out there. But when does your arms never done start to feel good again? Is it really? Does it take the full four days off? Probably depends on the guy. Yeah. You In theory, you probably could, like, most guys could probably pitch on short rest day four, like one day. But over a period of the season, like the compounding factor would be like a problem I think.


Yeah. But yeah, you could do it. Like, I mean, you see guys doing the Playoffs all the time. Yeah. You get the adrenaline boost, like it works out. Yeah. But probably not the safest way to go about. Yeah. How sore are you after a game? Let's say you go eight innings. How sore are you when you wake up the next day? Pretty sore for the most part. If it's, except like if we're in Colorado, you're like extra sore just from like, the elevation, the lack of all that stuff. So like, you get super sore. I would say I get sore on day two for me. Yeah. I'm the same. That's when I'm like, like day one I'm like, all right, like my body's sore. Like I feel like I pitched eight innings, but like my arm is sore on day two. Yeah. Like trying to play catch and move and you know, you get that delayed onset or whatever.


Something called doms doms. Delayed onset and muscle soreness. Yeah. I wouldn About that. Yeah. What, where's your least favorite place to, to pitch? Not Colorado, not taking out Colorado. 'cause that's an easy answer obviously in division for you guys. But what's, and maybe it's like time of day too shadows or whatever, but what's the place you're like, man, this sucks Regularly when the wind's blowing out. Yeah. That's, yeah. That, that one is not fair. Yeah. We were just talking before the, the, the game that you guys played against the Cubs this year where it's, I think it was 16 runs in the inning and a half. Yeah. Where it's just, you guys aren't even, are you like, what do you, what's even your strategy in that? Try to keep it on the ground. Yeah. Throw some Sinkers. Throw a sinker for the first time. Yeah. Throw some the sinkers And change up and cutters and try to get 'em to hit it on the ground.


Yeah. Yeah. It's not good for me. 'cause the, for me, I, I induce popups, flyballs like, whatever. So I'm like, pH this is tough day. Everything's going. Yeah. Is there another one though, that you're like, oh, this is a tough place to pitch or it's like so bad. Friendly Of the Yeah. Well I got, I got Another one. I'm gonna do a two part. Is it because of the team that you face in that stadium? Or is it the stadium itself? Like, ah, this place just sucks pitching in? Gimme both. For me, I love pitching in the LA stadium, but I get absolutely shellacked there. So I, yeah. I don't like pitching there 'cause the, because the Dodgers just light me up. Yeah. The lineup's not fun to pitch against. Yeah. But the atmosphere is my, probably my favorite place to play.


Yeah. In the league. They're either there at Petco. Yeah. Cincinnati's tough. Yep. That's what I was Gonna say. Cincinnati's pretty brutal. It's all flies out there. The ball flies in the mound. I know. We, I know they're supposed to have regulations on how high the mound is, but whatever they're doing, they're cheating for sure. Because it's, What do you mean It's way Lower? That mound is so flat. Oh Shit. So Flat. We're gonna have to look into That. Look into it. That's crazy. Yeah. Like our mound at home feels like a mountain compared to Cincinnati. And you can notice right away when you stand on it, You can see, you can notice it from seeing the dugout. You just looking at it, you're like, that's a flat, that amount is flat. Wow. Why would they do that? My guess is like, maybe Like their pictures are like, this sucks. I have to picture all the time. Well, if you think about like, they could then try to acquire the pitches, pitchers that like pitch best on that type of mound, like sinker ballers or whatever it is that works on that mound.


Yeah. They'd be like, all right, we're gonna stick with these guys. 'cause it benefits them, but it's disadvantage. It's really worked out for it advantage. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. What's the highest mound? I don't know. I feel like ours is pretty Big. Ours is pretty big. I feel like, is San Francisco kind of high? San Francisco? I didn't never even thought about This. Denver's not Denver. Miami's high. Miami. Miami is pretty high. Miami High Mountain. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause it, it is supposed to be all the same, right? Yeah. Yeah. You would think. But I don't know that there's a, I don't know that there's a rule on the, the angle of the slope. Like, got it. It just has to be like, whatever it is, height, 10 inches high. Ah. Ah. That makes, but I don't know that it says like, okay, well then where you land has to be four inches high. Right, right. Like, I don't know if there's a rule with that. Yeah, you're right.


10 inches. I didn't know that. Didn't know that on top Head. Or can't just throw that out. And I Yeah. But they can Make it 10 inches and then just have it be like 10 inches across instead of Yeah. Right. Have you guys been operating with this thing the whole time? Oh Yeah. Yeah. No idea. Yeah. We got Max back there. I noticed you didn't say the the bank. What about the bank? Not, not a tough place to play. Yeah. It's definitely, I mean it's that those games in the playoffs were the most hostile Yeah. Sporting event that I've ever been a part of hands down for sure. But I, I don't know. It also makes it fun for us. You know? It's like that's, You feed off it Like COVID. One of the reasons why playing in COVID sucks so much is 'cause it was silent. Yeah. You know, it's like you could pump in the crowd noise and you see cardboard cutouts in the stands and it's just quiet.


Like Yeah. For us, baseball's fun with fans. I mean, that's the only reason. That's one of the reasons, yeah. Why we play, you know, it's like, so When it's that loud, it's like white noise. Like you don't realize, you don't really hear it at that point. Yeah. As opposed, like, I played New Orleans where there was like 30 people at each game, and you'd hear that like one idiot, like in the corner being like, ball Ball. And you're like, that's way worse than just like 45,000 people just screaming the whole time. Because Whether they're screaming for you against you at least it's like it brings energy. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's fun. What was it like Meryl being called the worst pitcher in the league by your own coach? He actually said that. Yeah. He said, I'm not gonna lie to you. I said, he said, since the Allstar break, you are the worst statistical starting pitcher in the big league.


In the big leagues. You, You should have reversed it. You've been like, well, you're the worst coach for putting me out there in Five days. Like, you moron. Yeah. And then my ass would've for sure been in the bullpen. I was trying to avoid the bullpen at all costs. I literally went to Asia to avoid the bullpen. I wasn't gonna try To do it here. Wait, you didn't like the bullpen that much? I mean, that's yes and no. My, my role in Tampa was like, what the, what's called the swingman? Yeah. So like, I was a long relief. And then if somebody got hurt, I would start. And then when that guy came back, it didn't matter how good I did. I could be the best starter for six straight starts in the rotation. But if that guy came back, I was going to the, I was the guy that went back to the bullpen. That'd be frustrating. Yeah. And I just, yeah. I hated it. Yeah. Yeah. It wasn't fun. That, that nine game stretch was probably the lowest point of my career.


Yeah. I couldn't get past, if I made it to the fifth inning, it was a miracle. So how did you get out of that? Honestly, my back was against, just against the wall. I didn't really have a choice. It was like, I, I tried some different mechanical stuff and I just, I started doing like a Felix Hernandez turn and just started letting the ball absolutely fly. And it worked. Stuff started ticking up. The velo ticked up stuff started moving again. And then once I got a couple games after that under my belt, then the confidence started coming back. And after that it, it kind of just took off. Yeah. Pulping pitchers, that's gotta be just a complete mind fuck. Not being able to prepare like the same way every single time. Not knowing if you're gonna get into the game. How do you manage that? I, I understand it sucks and that's why you, you know, you're like, yeah, fuck it.


I'll go pitch in Korea. Yeah. I hated it. But like, what's that? What's that like day to day? I mean, one of the reasons I like starting is what you said. Like, I know what day I, I am pitching. I know what days I have to do, but that's how my brain works. Some guys, some guys don't like that. Some guys can't handle knowing when they're pitching. Some guys, they work way better in the bullpen because it's just, they turn their brain off and then once the phone rings and their name calls, then they turn it back on. Yeah. It's a different mentality. Just 'cause you're never, unless for me, I was a long guy. If I threw three innings or four innings in a game, I knew the next couple days I was down. But for normal bullpen guys, like, they're pretty much on call every single day. Yeah. So the thought of not being able to turn your brain off is different than, like I said, that day one, it's like, I know a hundred percent I'm not getting in the game for those guys.


They never have that feeling. And that's, I didn't, I didn't enjoy that. Who's the best hitter on your team? You got some all stars coming up. Yeah. You gotta get some guys in the Allstar game. Yeah, I think for, I mean, for sure my guess would be Cattel Cat's. I think Cattell's leading. Yeah. Yeah. Second base voting right now. Yeah. Corbin's Probably up there too. Gino G Gino. Gino. And then Promo and even Nailer. Sneaky, like Nailer having a good year. Yeah. Having a Really good year. Eight something OPS. Yeah. 300. Yeah. Yeah. So, I mean, offense, our offense is so good. Yeah. It's like, it's, it's honestly incredible. Yeah. Dude, it's been our strength. If you ask, in my opinion, our best overall hitter is pro.


It's my mind. Gotta be, could tell. Yeah. Yeah. He's an absolute beast. Switch hitter hits for power hits for average. Does He talk to his bat? Was that, what was that, that clip? I thought. Yeah, it was, he does talk to his bat. Right. What does he say to his bat? I couldn't tell you. It's in Spanish. He's just, He just is he like, well, tell me this is, is it, is he angry at his bat or is he like, happy with his Bat? I think in that clip he was probably angry with his bat. Yeah. I think he was telling him to pick it up. When was he Talking to his bat? I can't remember when it was. There was A clip. Yeah. They Got a clip of him sitting there talking to it. He was like having a full conversation with his bat. Yeah. Yeah. Did the bat Talk to Marty? Say, I don't know. I just, but I had saw it and I was just like, oh shit. Seems like the bat did something here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Marty's, Marty's funny.


Marty's got all kinds of stuff going on. Yeah. I, I Read that you guys had a, was it officially a players only meeting? Yeah. Yeah. What Happened? What happens in a player only meeting? Well, For starters, it's players only. Well, Pretend we're players. I'm, We're, We're in here. Just us. Yeah. We, we struck out UIC. Yeah. Yeah. You struck out U us. CUIC. Oh. They said UIC I'm, I don't talk in the meeting. I'm not a very vocal leader. I'm just like, Oh, you snitch. Yeah. I'm a snitch. I just dry snitch on it. I run right to record. I'm like, he's recording out on the back. He's got his phone. It's more just like, it's try to, it's basically try to nip whatever's going on in the bud.


Like Right. If anybody's got something to say, say it. Now. If, if you got something against, you know, if, if you don't like what a teammates are doing, if you don't like what the manager's doing, if you don't like how, whatever you don't like or whatever you think is going on at that time, it's just a, it's a just a come to Jesus meeting and try to figure it out. Most of the time it doesn't always work. Yeah. You know, it's like a, it's kind of a thing that we just feel like, I feel it gets to the point where you feel like you have to do something. Right. Right. Somebody needs to say something. 'cause it's just gotten to the point where it's just that bad. But yeah, it's just kind of like, air it out.


If you got something to say, say it. Pick your stuff, pick your shit up and let's go. All right. Very important question. If Dan Herron was in town when He would not be running that meeting, Would you, would you invite him to the players only meeting? No, he would, he would, if he was like, please guys, he Wouldn't, He would, he wouldn't never wanna be, He Would wanna be, he would not wanna be part of That. He was just like, please guys. I just, I wanna feel like a player again for one second. Probably not, honestly. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I can imagine like maybe 10% of the time a player's only meeting works really well and the other 90%, it just turns into like, just an argument. Yeah. Honestly not. No, It doesn't Because the player's only meeting happens and it's like, all right, the A veteran calls the meeting and then it's like that veteran calls, it talks and then there's probably like two or three other veterans that talk.


And then it always, the question is, if any young guys wanna say anything, get up and say something and then no one says no. So it's like, unless it's promo. Yeah. Like, so it's one of those things of just like, all right, let's talk about this. I guess. I don't know. Yeah. It's, it's not a tough A Yeah, it's a weird thing. It is a Weird thing, Zach. Is it true when you were five years old, you refused to play T-ball so that you could play little league? Yeah. I didn't wanna play T-ball. You said you, So you just like, I'm not doing this then. Well, I just thought, I was like, okay, well, 'cause okay, so my brother's a few years older than me, so I kind of knew like the lay of the land of how it worked. And I was like, every game ends in a tie.


Everyone gets like a dollar at the snap. I'm like, that it sounds terrible, Isn't he? And my dad coached the seven, eight, 9-year-old team. So I was like, why would I go play T-ball when I could go play real baseball? That's, that's so funny. That was you at five. It's, that's like, it fits Perfectly. I'm like, I want no part of football. That's so Fun. I'm not a baby. That's So funny. Exactly. Even though I was like, I was like this tall and like the grass was taller than me in right field. It was, yeah. Did Your brother play baseball? Like continue playing Baseball? Yeah. My brother played all the way up until college, through college and then just was, he was a good player. It was just under undersized. Yeah. So like, just he was, if Dustin Pedroia would've came a few years earlier, maybe he would've had a little different career.


But that's good. Yeah. The undersized guy wasn't getting any love then. Yeah. So wait, you're five years old and you start playing with seven year olds. Yeah. 7, 8, 9. How Were you like, you were facing off against nine year olds as a Five yearold? Yeah. I didn't get a hit the first, like, when I was five, like I didn't get a hit. Like I was just up There the entire Year. The entire year. Like, And the funny part is all the nine year olds are saying, there's no way I'm gonna a fucking hit to this, this guy. Look at this guy. Like, there's no chance I would've Drilled you if you're like a 5-year-old. And I'm nine. So like, who is this fucking guy? Exactly. Yeah. I'm, he's gonna wear one. I'm just gonna drill This kid. Yeah. I had to wear like A, I think they, I forget if it was like five and six or whatever you had to wear like a vest. Like if you got hit with a ball, like, 'cause like you could stop your heart or whatever.


Yeah. Wear that with like, the face mask, like batting helmet. It was a, it was tough, but I never got a hit. So I'd come back to the dugout and be like upset, like cry, like, 'cause I want to be good. So I get to six and I struck out at six and like the first at bat, I came back and my dad was like, no more fucking crying. Like, we're not doing that shit anymore. And I was like, alright. And then I got a hit and I was like, all right, all as well is good. So yeah. But yeah, he was like, we're not doing that shit anymore. That's awesome. Dan Air needs to include that in your writeups. Like, hey, no more fucking crying on you. Yeah. Remember five, five year. I see your dad saying that too. I can, he Didn't actually curse, but he just said, we're not doing that anymore. Yeah. Like, that was five year-old stuff. This is 6-year-old. This, this is big. This is big league stuff. See, I could have seen him, I could have seen him cussing at you.


I could've seen him Said no, but it was good. And yeah, they, they made my dad draft me like in the, in the town draft. Yeah. My dad was like, let just give him a uniform. Put him, I'm gonna put him in right field. Like he's gonna play like once every other game. Yeah. And the commissioner was our next door neighbor. He was like, Uhuh. He's like, you gotta draft him. My dad's like, I gotta draft a 5-year-old. And like, And my dad gives my brother credit. He's like, listen. He's like, take him with you gotta take him in like the third round or whatever. He's like, take him in the third round. He's like, 'cause next year you're gonna have take 'em in the first round. He's like, so if you take 'em in the third this year, you'll get your first round picked next year too. Yeah. Oh. So my, my brother jammed it and it worked out. Yeah. That's Incredible.


I love that. I think that's Fair though. GM and little league race. Yeah. Gm. Yeah. I think that's Fair to make your dad draft you like Yeah. Yeah. If you want him to play at five. If you don't wanna play T-ball, you gotta do what you gotta do. Yeah. This 5-year-old is not gonna be somebody else's problem. You have to Take it. You have To take him. It's your problem. Imagine if I get drafted by, if I got drafted by somebody else, somebody else's dad was like, no, no, I Won't. I want the 5-year-old. Gimme the 5-year-old. Yeah.


Well this has been awesome guys. I got one last question. Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts, Rollback dot com. Promo code take, I pitch this to every pitcher, but efis, come on just once.


Honestly, what's, so I think about just like the, when position players go out there and pitch. Yeah. And they, they Get every get Out. Yeah. Like sometimes when I'm like getting hit, I'm like, Kik Hernandez is the best pitcher in the league. Maybe I should just throw an ethos up there. But It would screw 'em up. Yeah. You know, they would be like, what the hell was that? Maybe I'll mix a palm ball in there from time to time. Yeah. You actually have one that's like a real pitch. I would be throwing like a just Yeah. Rookie of the year. Oh yeah. Rookie of the year, like Yeah. Yeah. Just floated in. Are you guys, do you guys get pissed when someone pimps a home run? No, Not so much anymore. Yeah. Yeah. You just gotta pimp a strikeout back out. Yeah. If it's directed like at you, there's some sort of Then he stares at you. Yeah. Something like that.


But like if you want do a cartwheel, like around third base, like whatever, like cool. Like it's, it's just the game now. Yeah. It is what it is. Yeah. It kind of goes back to the rookie stuff like that stuff is acceptable now. Yeah. It's not like, oh, you watched it for a half a second too long now I'm gonna drill the next guy in the head. Like that just doesn't happen anymore. Yeah. You sound upset about that though. I'd be upset about that If I was a venture. Yeah. I mean, I don't love it, but I mean, what are you gonna do? You know? Yeah. Don't give up the home run. Don't give up the home run. Have you guys been kicked outta games before? I've gotten tossed twice. What'd you do? Yelled at? And both of 'em are the same way. It was a check swing happened this year. Check swing. No call walk. I forgot You got tossed this year.


Check swing. And it was like a like blatant, blatant swing. Like, and it was las Check check swings. By the way. We agree. The umps are just guessing. Yeah. And they're not paying. They're not paying attention. They're not paying attention. That's the total guess. Because this swing was like almost, if he hit it, it would've been a double. Yeah. So no call Las Diaz at first base and no call next pitch. Walk him. And I think I got taken outta the game after that and I just turned around and told him it was as you were walking off as I was. And the two times I've gotten thrown out in my career actually are funny. It's 'cause I've been leaving the game. So it's like, all right, cool buddy. Like, I'm literally fucking walking to the clubhouse right now and you're gonna toss me. It's like, what does that do? You Should just make that your thing. That's the good thing about being a pitcher.


Yeah. Is that like, you could, you're out and you're like, oh, I'm just gonna get tossed. Yeah. Yeah. You should make that your thing. Every time you get pulled from a game, you get down, just Yell at at the umpire for no reason. Start chirping at 'em. Did You get fined for the last one? I don't know. Honestly. I have no idea. I think it comes out of the check. I think it's only, I think it's like 500 bucks. Something like that. Yeah. There's been times on Czech swings. I've seen the umpire. Like they're just like looking in the stands. Yeah. It's like they're not Like, they're always the games Over Here because some of the calls they miss. It's like, dude, I don't know how you didn't see that It was right in front of you. You have one job in that moment. Yeah. You're supposed to be looking right at it. And you missed it. By the way, I, I didn't mention this, but Meryl, do you know that you're the only Merrill in MLB history? Which is kind of crazy. I didn't, no. I feel like a hundred years ago there had to be meryls just walking everywhere. Yeah. Right. You know? And you're actually, Zach, you're the only, the second Zach spelled Z-A-C-A-C.


There was one before me. Yeah, There was. Hold on, I'll find it for you. That's crazy. Yeah, We got a, we got a Zack of our own. That's ZAC here. Yeah. Yeah. Really? Yeah. See I thought ZAC was just like very uncommon. It is. But there's more people now that I've with ZAC. Do people think that your name is Zach Allen? A lot. What's funny about that is that there was the, the guy that plays for the Broncos now. Yeah. Zach Allen. My dad's watching the game back when he used the Cardinals. And he's like, Zach Allen went to S Zach. And my dad was like, huh? Like is he playing football now? Like, not realizing that there was another play. Like, so a little bit of a confusion there. Yeah. But Zach Curtis, who debuted for the Diamondbacks in 2016.


Oh, Curtis. He hasn't been in the league. His last appearance was in 2018 When I was in aa. There was Curtis, there was a bench clearing brawl that I think he was involved in at, at one point in time. Zack, on Zach crime. I was not, I was on the Yeah. But I think there was something that happened where like the bench is cleared for some reason. I do remember that name. Yeah. He got called out from like high A. Yeah, I remember Zach. Yeah. Do you guys have move ready to go if somebody charges at you? No. You gotta throw the glove. I think. Yeah. That's the first. Dis him A little bit. Yeah. It's really, Or just try to get the ball back as fast as possible and act like I'm gonna throw to them. We gave Cal Happens, we gave Cal Row the tip that like what catchers should start doing is just like, just throw your leg out there and triple. Yeah. Because if you get tripped and you fall on your face, you're not, you're not.


No, you're Not. You're so embarrassed. It's over. It's over. You just kick their foot. Yeah. It's over. Yeah. You just tell your catchers to do that. Yeah. Just stick your foot out. Yeah. Right. You ever seen it is done. You guys ever seen the video of the guy like judo kicking the catcher in the chest before he ran Up to the Yes. That was pretty gnarly. Have you guys been charged before? No. No. Yeah. I mean, most of the time I Try to You would've fucked him up. Most of the time I try to hit somebody I miss. Honestly, That's like the worst thing. It Sucks. It's way harder than, it's way harder than, it's Way harder than it looks. Yeah. Like intentionally trying to hit somebody. Yeah. It's the, it's just a terrible part of the game. Yeah. Yeah. The only thing you can't do is just run. If you run then it's bad. Yeah. You have to just, the, what the infielders tell you is like, just give us enough time to get there.


Right. So you like, just Kinda like hold them off. So You gotta throw the glove to like stun 'em a little bit and then just, you know, if you want to get a punch in, throw The rosin bag at 'em. Yeah. Raag, pick up some dirt. Yeah. Throw it in their eyes. Yeah. Gladiators. Just try not To get hurt. I think is Like, basically Don't get hurt. I think the move is like, like what's his name? Cranky. Yeah. Broken collarbone. Broke his collarbone. That's Right. You Do like a little sidestep to the left and then you swing after he runs a little bit past you. And then by that time the shortstop should be there. Yeah. Yeah. So it's A wrap up. The first base I can see line and just like put him in Hot Beast. I can see Jay Naor getting over there and tackling somebody for us. For sure. That, Yeah. For. Alright. Well thanks so much boys. We appreciate it. It was awesome having you guys here. And best of luck rest of the season.


Appreciate you guys. Guys, It guys was fun. Cool.


Before we get to Joey Chestnut, it's brought to you by great friends and Netflix. Big News. Friday, July 11th, Netflix and most valuable promotions bring you the fight the world's been waiting for. Katie Taylor, the Bray Bomber. She's from Ireland. Going up against Amanda Serrano, the real deal from Puerto Rico. We've seen the first two parts of this trilogy before. I'm going off the script right now because this is, whenever they get together. It's my favorite fight to watch of the year. An awesome fight, great matchup styles between Amanda Serrano and Katie Taylor. Katie is seeking the ultimate glory against Amanda Serrano, who is fighting for redemption. It's the final bout of their history making trilogy. If you like watching people punch each other in the face, this fight is for you. Great matchup. I'm gonna be watching it Friday, July 11th on Netflix. Katie Taylor versus Amanda Serrano. 8:00 PM Eastern, 5:00 PM Pacific Standard time. Live on Netflix, check it out. And now here's our great friend, Joey Chestnut.


Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest, recurring guest, the greatest athlete of all time, which we have said for many years on this show. It is Joey Chestnut ahead of his return to the Nathan's hotdog eating contest on 4th of July Co Coney Island. Joey is back. So let's start with that Joey. How good does it feel to be back? And are we feeling like this is, hey, this is gonna be a special one. You gotta you gotta prove, Hey, whatever happened last year, there's an asterisk there. The king is back. Oh yeah. It feels really good. It's last year things didn't go as I wanted, but we, we worked it out and yeah.


I'm, I'm hungry. This is, this is what I love doing. It's 4th of July hotdog competition. Yeah. How did it feel last year, not being a, a part of Nathan's did, did you feel like an, an absence? Did it feel unusual for you? It was very, it was weird watching the guys eat and like, I, yeah. I told people I didn't watch, but I watched and then I, then I went off to do my own little event. But yeah, so it, yeah, it, it, it was weird watching them and like, oh man, I could've, it's, it just, it that's way, that's life sometimes, sometimes you're, you're, you're on the wrong side. When you were watching it last year, did that make you hungrier? Yeah, it, well it made it easy. So last year I was, I was, I was at a military base, Fort Bliss in Texas eating against some soldiers, but they were awesome and it was their, the group of five versus me, I ended up almost beating their, be beating what Pat did in, in five minutes.


Wow. So it it it made it, it it was, yeah. It was, it motivates you to see, see people when, when you're not there. I, I have a question that you probably get a lot, but I, I'm genuinely curious how you break this down. How much further can you push yourself? How much further is within the realm of human possibility to go when it comes to eating hot dogs? Because every year I see you eat and I'm like, well he he'll never beat that. That's insane. How do you, how do you approach that? Yeah. The last record, 76 in 10 minutes is a tough record to beat. It's gonna be a hard one. It totally take perfect conditions. Like not too hot, not too windy. If it's, if it's windy, the hot dogs get cold.


But you have, you have enough warmth, like 78 degrees, 75. And then it's, it, it's, if it's, if it's kind of dry outside the, the buns get, get the buns get stale. So, so you need to have like fast buns and warm dogs and not too hot. 'cause dude, I'm, I'm getting older. I'm, I'm a little bit fat. So it, so I'm sweat. I, I, once I start sweating, I it really hard. I'm in trouble. I, I like that the wind comes into play like an under in, in football where it's like, oh, they're not gonna be able to pass the ball today. The wind is gonna, is gonna really dry out the buns and we're gonna have problems and they're gonna get cold. Yeah. It, the wind, it affects everybody has special like their, their water temperature that they like for drinking water for dunking this year.


I'm thinking, I, I'm, I did that event with Netflix last year when that was a no dunking event. And I, I learned that like towards the end of the contest it's actually a little bit easier to not dunk. So there's less movement involved. So, so I'm, I'm trying to plan it out. So I'll I'll make, make the switch. 'cause sometimes I slow down bad when I'm dunking. Yeah. So you're tinkering. I like that. So what, like, you know how marathon runners, they'll, you know, a couple weeks before they'll try to run 20 miles. What, what is the lead up? Like what, is there a lead up where a week before or two weeks before you're do you're pushing yourself as hard as you can to see where you're at? Or have you done that yet? Oh yeah. Every, every fifth or sixth day I'm doing practices.


And so I, I'm in the cycle, I call it, before every practice there's a cleanse. After every practice there's a recovery period where it's super high fiber food trying to get back to normal. And then there's one one day of normal eating, then there's the cleanse again, then another practice. The last two practices. Yeah, this is, it, it it's go time. It's close to breaking records. Oh. So it's, IIII would've let one, I don't need to break the rest of records necessarily in practice in the last two practices, but it, it, it, it, it would, it would help. But it, it's, it's, there's been years where I, I smashed the record in in my last practice and then, then didn't get, get the record in the finals, but, we'll, we'll see.


We'll see. I, I'm, I'm feeling good. So can you describe your ideal setup? Like if you were to plan the weather for, for a day or two leading up to the event and the event itself. What, what are the perfect conditions for slamming hot dogs? Oh, perfect conditions, 75 degrees, little bit of cloud cover. Not, not, not completely, but, but sunny and then, and not, not windy and, and not, not too humid. A little bit. Humidity is good, but, but, but if it's, if it, because if it's too dry, the buns get stale real fast and then yeah. Maybe Rains the night before like a golf course. Like soften, soften the air up a little bit. A little bit.


Yeah. Yeah. Soften the air up. So you were talking about your, your training regimen have, what's the most that you've ever eaten in training? Like outside of competition? Oh, outside. So what Oh, for, yeah, for the, for 4th of July contest. I want wanna say it was, geez, I think, I think I hit up to 82 in practice one time and that that was just perfect. Eating in, well that's eating indoors, fresh, perfect hot dogs. And then that's just not realistic when, when 4th of July everything's cooked ahead of time, everything's sitting for a little bit and you got those out outdoor conditions. So, so it's, I I've, I've learned to actually, I've been eating outside in Indiana, so it's, it's hot right now.


Yeah. And I'm last practice, I was sweating so bad. It, my numbers went down a lot, but it, it, I'm hoping I can, yeah. It, it's, I, I'll, I'll be all right. Alright. So we have this debate in football. Kurt Warner always says that football should be played in a dome in perfect conditions. Do you think that hot dogs eating should be an outdoor sport? Or do you think it should, it should go to dome And we should, we should be playing this in a dome? I I think it's, I well, when there's history involved in Coney Island, it's, it's gotta keep it outside. Yeah. But I think for a lot of other events, like I did the net Netflix event that was indoors, they wanted a record. So they, they made fresh hot dogs and really fresh hotdog indoors.


We, we, we smashed, I I did 83 that day and that they were a little bit smaller than, than the on the 4th of July. So they're different record. But indoors, you, you're, you're seeing some massive numbers. So when you get there on the 4th of July, are you, are you even thinking about anyone else? Or are you just going against yourself? 'cause like it's, it's crazy how much further you are than everyone else in terms of the hotdog eating and, and like the winter last year at 58, I don't think, I mean, you, you, I don't think you've had a, a 4th of July where you've been under 60, right? So are you, or maybe like 10 years ago, 12 years ago. But are you, are you even thinking about the competition or you're just like, it's me versus myself?


Yeah. It's, I think, I think that's the best. Anybody in this kind of, yeah. In this kind of competition. You need, you need to just really, you're going against yourself. If you worry about other people, you, you're, you're, you're not focusing on your training, your numbers that you've hit the things, if I, if I'm worrying about what any anybody else is doing, it is taking away from what I'm doing. So it's, I, I'm, I'm really just trying to go back to good practices and yeah. I'm not, if, if I, if I, if I'm doing, if I'm doing okay, I should blow everybody else away. Are are you in your prime right now for eating? Fuck, nah. I mean, there, there's different primes. There's like my physical prime shit that was probably that, that, that was like 35.


I was, I was a beast. I could get away with doing less practice. I, I, I could recover quickly. My body was just an animal. But, but, and I know my body's so much better now. It, it, it's, it's ridiculous. I, like, I I I can, I I make a choice. If, if I like, all right, if I'm breaking my diet, I know what I'm gaining weight. I know what it takes to lose weight. But, and, and I also know, I know, know how to train muscles in my throat and to make, to make 'em stronger so I can just keep swallowing the meat. Yeah. It's like sports science at this point. Yeah. I I I hate to ask the question, but is retirement on the horizon anywhere for you right now? I Don't know. Retirement would be death. I'm doing this thing until the wheels fall off, baby.


Actually. Yeah. No, you can, I love that. If you've retired from eating, you can die. Yeah. Either, either Either I'm or somebody knocks me off and if they knock me off once, they'll have to do it again. 'cause I'm gonna come back. But it, you know, it's I to be the man. You gotta beat the man and I'm not, I'm not gonna walk away. Yeah. Well this is, I don't think I've ever asked you this, but is there one record or competition that you did that you can think of and be like, I would never do that again? 'cause it was so disgusting. Oh fuck. There was, I did crab cakes in Delaware and, and these, oh, there's casino. They did us dirty. They, they had 'em all sitting out there.


Oh. And they were, as soon as we got on stage, it was, you could smell fish and, and like people got sick during the contest. I, I, I got sick right after the contest. I almost, it was the closest I've ever been to getting disqualified and, and it turned me off to the food for like two years. And so I, it, it, it's weird 'cause like it was the grossest contest, but now, now that, now now that I'm eating crab cakes again, I was like, alright, I really want, I wanna make a crab cake record. This is so, so I want it now. Yeah. What, what, how many did you eat that day? Oh, I, I did 39 and Sonia Thomas. This was like my first year comp in eating competitive eating 20 years ago. Yeah.


So I did 39. I think she did 42 or 41. Oh wow. And there's nothing worse than eating, knowing you're gonna get sick and not winning. It's just, it's just painful. What, What about you have you ate 141 Hardboiled eggs in eight minutes one time? That had to be gross. No, it was actually really good. I liked hardboiled egg. It was perfect weather, dude. So it was, it was weird. So like, it this, this weather, like it was perfect for this food. So they were like, we were in Kentucky and like, it had this downpour, it was like raining on us and all the hard boil legs were like slippery. And like, they were sliding down. It was like, and, and it was like, oh yeah. And then I smelled like sulfur for two days.


Oh God. Is is there a record that you've attempted or a competition that you've done where the aftermath of it is especially bad? Like I'm talking about, you know, the toilet situation afterwards. Is there one that was so gross that you're like, I'm not doing that again. There's there's a couple that like, I know going in, they're gonna be rough. Like anything with bratwurst. Yeah. Bratwurst, man, there's, they add extra fat in there and it, it's, it's running through you. It, it, it, it's, you're not in control. It's there. There's, there's accidents bound to happen there Slides right out. What about a food that you've, you've never competed with that you would like to try? Oh dang. Yeah. I, I wanna go to Alaska eat king crab.


I think they, they have the big, big ass legs and they, they cut 'em in half with a saw with like a, a circular saw. So I I, that'd be rad to get it like a thousand dollars racket of a thousand dollars bill at a restaurant. Yeah. They should put you on the deadliest catch, like as a punishment. You have to go on, on one of the guys' ships and then you eat the crab as they bring it in. So you deduct from their total points on the season. Oh yeah, that would Rock. So if you win on 4th of July, that would be your 17th title, which is incredible. Will it be the most gratifying one because of the one year band last year? Or is there one that you look back at and you're like, no, this one was the one that I always think about.


Like, that was special. Oh man. They're all, they're all special in a weird ways. Like, doesn't have to be records or just diff different parts of my life. Like the year I, the year I had the, the protestor, I was there, I was competing. Yeah. Oh, that was, that was your year with The protestor. Yeah, I got covered in yeah, Multiple years with the protestors. Yeah. Yeah. The first one was Rat. That was, that was a long ass time ago. Yeah, it was like 10, it was almost 10 years ago. Yeah. They got you with paint. Yeah, they got me with paint and I was next to, I was next to the guy who, I can't remember who he was. He was like kind of a hippie guy. He only ate one dog. He was like, he said he was going crazy Connie. Yeah. Yeah. He said he was going back in time to the, the first Coney Island hotdog eating competition.


He was gonna want eat one single dog. Yeah. Yeah. He's definitely a hippie. Yeah. Yeah. That was wild. Yeah, that one was crazy. But yeah, there, there's, there's some special ones. Like, yeah, there's, oh, the first time I beat Khi or, or even the next time, the overtime year. So it, it's, it is weird. Like this is my 20th year going. So it's, there's a lot of weird memories, lot of history. It's awesome. I mean, 20 years, 17, hopefully getting 17 this year is gonna be, it's gonna be special. I'm excited. It, it didn't feel like the 4th of July without you in it. I, I'll say that we, I think we said it on the show, but it did not feel like I, I kind of canceled 4th of July in my mind last year.


No, 4th of July is always gonna go on. And I was eating hot dogs somewhere. But it it, it is good to be back on Coney Island and thank you so much. Yeah. You guys, you guys are awesome. Yeah. So a couple last questions. People don't know this, but like, how quickly after you finish the contest, are you drinking beer? 'cause you go out that night A little bit late. Yeah, usually my goal is to try to make it out. Right. Right after fireworks. Sometimes I, I I I get outta the hotel room and I'm Oh yeah. Fireworks are still on. It's a good recovery. It depends on the, the year. Some, some years if it's super hot, then, then, then, then I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm not gonna do anything. But it takes longer to recover. But yeah, right around 10:00 PM I'm on a liquid diet and things are, things are, I'm, I'm trying, I'm I'm trying to get there.


How many Beers do you drink after eating 70 hot dogs? I don't think we should say this. No, You can say it. I mean, I you have, It's not gonna make it. I, I, I ended up time traveling. There was one time when I woke up and I was like, yeah, I think I'm, I'm in like the green room for today show. That's incredible. There are a few haters out there of, of the entire sport of competitive eating. I don't like to give them the time of day. I don't like to give them any, any mental energy of mine. But do you have a case that you can make to any of the haters out there that might have in the past, not watch the Nathan's hot tub eating contest. Do you have a case that you can make to be like, Hey, this is actually a, a competitive environment.


It's athletics. This is sports and we're pushing our body to the, the fullest limit. It's Yeah. PE it's really easy to be negative. It, I, I, I can't think of it offhand of anybody I've had a, a conversation with, but it's been a while. But yeah, there's, there's people who are always gonna be negative. They're gonna, they're gonna say, I remember there's people who used to say golf wasn't a real sport. Yeah. And there's people who, who just knocked and knocked and knocked WNBA for years and years and now it it's people eventually they Yeah. Eat their words and while, while, while I'm still eating. Yeah.


Alright. My last question is the Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com. Promo code. Take.


So we were, we were texting. I was gonna try to get you up here for the first day that we opened our ice cream machine. So we have a full soft serve ice cream machine in the office. We're still gonna do it, man. Verse machine. How many ice creams do you think you can eat? Can you think you could put the machine outta business with, with the amount of ice cream you can eat? I want, I wanna try. It's, it depends like some ice cream machines that it comes out super frozen and hard. Some of it's a little bit more creamy. Ours, Not ours. We're soupy. We're soupy. Oh, a little bit soup. Oh, oh. Soup and cream. I like it. Yeah. Yeah. IIII would, I'm thinking close, close to two gallons worth.


It'd be, it'd be like, so I did an ice cream contest and after the contest I was like shivering because I was so, it was like everything was cold. So I, I think close to two gallons would be in, in about eight minutes. It'd be close to, yeah. Okay. Maybe that's what we'll do. Yeah. We'll build the machine up with two gallons and be like, have at it. I, I mean, it would be awesome if you broke the machine. Like, this is John Henry. This is a story of, of John Henry against the, the steam powered driller. You could do this. I wonder if it slow, does it slow down? Yeah. If, if I hit the, The machine starts shaking. Yeah. That's when you know you've got it. Yeah. You've got a beat. Oh man. Well, Joey, we're, we're so pumped for you to have you back. Want, wanna say a number you're going for?


I mean, you're going, are you going for the record? Are we gonna get a record? Yeah. I'm, I'm trying, I'm trying to hit that record. 77 would be perfect. The last, anything above 70 is really, really, really tough. So, but yeah, if, if, if it's, if it's good conditions, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'll be feeling good. Is there a, is there like a minute mark where we, we should look for you to be at a, a specific number to make 77 possible. Oh man. Should I say it? Yeah. Yeah. If I, if I'm at 50 hot dogs in, in five minutes, that, that, that's almost a lock. That, that, that means I have five minutes left. All I have to do is average just o just over five hot dogs a minute. Five, five and a half hot dogs a minute.


And then I, then I'm there. Is is a hundred possible, will we live to see a hundred hot dogs? Probably not by me, but Yeah. I, I, it, it's, it's, it, I I think competition. I, I, I, I'm a little bummed out. There's nobody pushing me. Yeah. I, I, that's the best way for me to get 77. Like last year when I, when I did the contest against coi, I, we like, all right, I didn't know what he is capable of. So, so I, I was willing to really just go all out, no holding back and not worried about like on the 4th of July, I'm a little bit worried, like if, if I, if I have a bad burp, it, it might look like a barf. So, so especially towards the end. So I, I, I have to be really careful to make sure I, I don't have those burps.


Yep. So, so it's oh seven. Yeah, a hundred, a hundred be up there. I like the most I've ever, like even eating after the 10 minutes, the most I've ever gone up to is 90. Okay. We gotta push ourselves. You, you eat after the 10 minutes. Like you're not full yet. Yeah. No, you have to. So I, I do the 10 minute practice, then I take a breather, and then I, then I start eating. I, I try to convince myself, all right, let's eat like you is like, like you did in the beginning. And then I, so you have to practice eating fast while you're full. So then you convince yourself to that you can do it again. You're Beast. That's, That's you're a monster. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're an absolute. I'm so glad that you're back on the 4th of July at Nathan's. We're all gonna be rooting for you. Yeah.


Let's set some records. Yes. Greatest athlete of all time. Greatest athlete of all time. We'll be, we'll be saying on 4th of July. Thank you. Alright, Thanks so much, Joey. Thanks Joey.


Joey chest out was brought to you by Morgan and Morgan. Have you ever stood at the top of towering water? Slide with your heart pounding and ask yourself, what's the worst that could happen? One visitor found out the hard way, what was supposed to be a thrilling day at a popular Florida water attraction ended in a life altering injury while riding on one of the park's fastest slides, he was violently thrown from his tube, landing hard suffering injuries that still affect him. Nearly four years later, that's when he turned to a law firm known for standing up to the biggest names of the business. The suit claims, the slides design, coupled with a lack of clear safety communication oversight created a hazardous environment, especially for guests outside certain body specifications. Now this guest is living with permanent pain, scarring, and a drastically diminished quality of life, all from what was supposed to be a routine thrill ride. 'cause when safety isn't the top priority, fun can turn into something else entirely. And that's where Morgan and Morgan comes in. Morgan Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. They over $25 billion recovered. They've been fighting for the people for over 35 years, helping over 500,000 clients get the compensation they deserve. Hiring the wrong firm can be disastrous. Hiring the right firm could substantially, substantially increase your settlement. With Morgan and Morgan, it's easy to get started and their fee is free unless they win. Just visit for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law. That's pound 5 2 9. That's for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound 5 2 9. This is a paid advertisement.


And before we get to the Dingers only draft, it's brought to you by Fruit of the Loom. For some reason, guys hold onto their underwear way too long. Why? Who knows. But when a fresh, comfortable, well designed pair of fruit of the Loom costs less than your morning coffee, there's really no excuse. Refresh your underwear drawer today with well-made, well priced Fruit of the Loom. It's the best time of year. Do a full swap out. Say see it to all your old underwear. Get brand new fruit of the Loom in. It's comfortable. It's reasonably priced. It fits great. It looks better. It's the best when you change out all your underwear at once. You look forward to every day. Fruit of the Loom delivers legendary comfort and iconic style that you can trust With nearly 175 years of expertise. We craft essentials that feel like a designer, but at a fraction of the price. It's time to refresh your underwear drawer with well-made, well priced fruit of the Loom. And now here's Dingers only.


Okay, it's time. Dingers only league third year in a row. For anyone who's not familiar with this, we do this. So there's a third year dingers only. It's our fantasy baseball draft that we do halfway through the season. And the only stat is home runs. That's it. Every team has to draft a nine positions, every position on the field. Obviously DH instead a pitcher and home runs. Is it whoever has the most home runs wins. Whoever has the least home runs, loses and has to get six outs against a college baseball team like PFT did. Like Max. Oh did. Oh wow. Oh, Attempted to do.


Attempted To do Did you get there? Attempted to do twice. And then there was an unfortunate accident that prohibited that up until baseball season. Whose fault was the accident? Mine hand hand up. Accountability. Why don't you explain to people what happened? I was actually, no, I was overserved. Oh, So bartenders saw Issue. I don't have to shout out the, the exact bar that's Also on You because you should Just be able to drink more. I was overserved. There's no such thing as me being overserved. You Also could have not drank anything because You were, were in training for the baseball. Yeah. Well, whatever Brandon. Oh fuck. By the way, Brandon, I don't know why I said it like that. Brandon was in it last year. He is in it again. I won last year. Jerry was in it last year.


He's in it again. Zach is a new entry. And Stephen Cha is new entry. Who's a commissioner last year. Are we worried at all about Stephen Cha being the commissioner and also participating? Yeah, I am. I'd just like to say I am. I would, I, you know what? I'm Gonna match. Yeah. Because really I'm not. But if he wins somehow Yep. Then I'm gonna be very, very concerned. Would anyone like to double the concern? I'll sign off on that. Yeah. Alright, so we got match. I'll match. I'll match Jerry's double. Okay. I trust Steven. I'll say it. Thank You, max. Okay. If, if Steven wins, I'm gonna be going like this. Yep. Remember, remember who trusted you by the way. So Max, are you going to do this ever? Yeah, we're gonna, Because it kind of ruins dingers only. No, we're going to Like, imagine that you're in a fantasy football league and the person who finishes in last, they don't do their punishment for your fantasy football league until after the draft for next season.


What do you think should happen to that person? I'm, I'm willing to take last pick. Although that'll make things more Confusing. No. And also it's snake draft. Yeah. So you kinda just gave yourself an abandon. I guess what I, that was a terrible Are you gonna do it? Yes. The How are you gonna do it? What Steps have you taken recently Are advance ourselves into doing this. Where Are you gonna put it? What do you mean? What are you gonna Put it? Where do you want it? Where you gonna put it? Probably out on YouTube. We'll probably, we'll probably film it. Record it and put it out on Nice. Is that what they call you Butthole? When, when do we start talking about butts? Where, When is this happening? It's happening maybe after grit week. Okay. So maybe, maybe two months from now.


That's why you're, that's you're telling the Aws Well, yeah, the AWS are upset. I think they have and They have every right. Be rightfully. Rightfully so. And they have every right to be. But we had two dates set. Two dates got rained out and then I broke my foot and then the college baseball season started. And teams aren't gonna do that in the middle of, in the middle of the season. Okay. So it's not like I just didn't try for a year. There was ample amount of trying. There was a lot of trying. I think you Should have to do four innings. Three. I think you just double it. Three, You've, You've waited the whole year. This is A negotiation task. Shake his hand three, shake his hand For three. No deal. Shake his hand for 3, 4, 2. No, he's going backwards. You're Losing. Get three, two, get Three.


Get three, Get three. Right. Two. College, baseball and then two Softball, Women's softball. Two inning. But that will make it so hard to plan To winning speech. Two, one in one. Okay. How about three plus you, you have to, you have to wear one. What? You gotta get beaned With what? A baseball by a pitcher. All of us. What? You have to get to throw one at you. No. No deal. Why we can't throw that hurt? Can't all, yeah. Yeah. No deal. Not at the same time. 1, 4 1. The winner, the the winner of No, that's a The winner of This.


I know. 'cause then that would just be buying myself more time. Yeah. Yeah. I thinks I have to think about getting hit by a pitch for the next year. Three innings. Two one. Two people. One three innings. One, none Of us can throw hard. I try. It's not, if I went through this entire year and was like, and, and just didn't do a single thing about it, I would be more, Well This year, 2025. Yes. The teams were playing. But You said this year. Yeah. You tried last year. One guy get one of us gets to be you. But it has like, they get multiple pitches till they hit you. Five pitches.


You can't duck it though. It should be done. Five. You gotta stand in the box. You can't like jump around and shit. No. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's fine. Deal. Deal. All deal. Deal with that. Good deal. Alright. So three innings. You're gonna pitch Three innings. Okay. All right. Good. Good, good, good. Good. Negotiation. Should we get to the draft? Anyone got a question about the rules? Zach, you got a question about the rules? Steven, you got a question about the rules? We discussed outfield. As long as they've played that position. Left field, center field, right field. At least 10 games we're good. And they can be in that position. Fluid. And You said it, You do get a drop, right? You get one drop. If your player's accused of pedophilia. Pedophilia, That's the, what's his name Rule Wonder ffr. Wonder Franco.


Wonder Franco. I had Wonder Franco. I had to drop him. Had to take a stand for what's right. You also get an injury, right? You Get one injury drop one Injury slash pedophilia. But you have to specify if you're dropping the person for injury or for pedophilia. Okay. But it's only one injury. And so if you drop someone and then another guy gets injured, you can't. And if Another guy gets pedophilia, It's also one pedophilia. Correct. Okay. Those are separate. All right. Yeah. You have to keep the second pedophile. Okay. Right, exactly. So if you draft two pedophiles, you're outta luck. You're in a, you just hope that they don't get caught. Okay. But you do hope they get caught eventually. I Hope they Get caught after the season. You don't want them to just not ever get caught. You just don't want 'em to get caught while they're on your team. Where's Wonder Franco these days? I think he jail.


Did He did I think he went home. Did He do a DUI or something? I think he did something else. I think he added something onto his Charges. He just went home Tampa. No, that wasn't what I was talking about. That's not where he is. He's in court. I mean, the smartest thing he could do is to get another charge. And then everyone's like, wa Fgo. Isn't that the guy that got Ddu? A DUI guy? Yeah. D UI guy. Wonder Franco? He's from the Dominican Republic. I think he went, oh yeah. Prosecutors seek five year prison term for Franco. At Least he blew Above a plate. Oh, that was 42 minutes ago. Basically. He's in court literally right now. Okay. Hey, he's currently on Major league baseball's restricted list after initially being placed on administrative leave. Okay. So he is restricted.


But for the record, I dropped him before MLB acted. That's True. You were the first person to speak Out. So credit to me. Did you hear about Wa d Franco? At least he blew above a 0.18 this time. Mm. That's the jokes that would happen if you got a DUI. Alright, we ready to go? Let's do it boys. Let's get some juice in here for the dingers only league. All right, Jerry, you have the first pick in the dingers only league draft. Then we're going around the round the horn here. Snake draft. So Steven will have the eighth and the ninth pick and then coming back around. Yes sir. Okay. Alright. My first pick. Tough one, but looking at the at bats right now blows everybody else out the water without at bats.


I'm going Shhe. Ani. Okay. D Why did you say that was a tough one? I Like that. Well, well, because do you have an extra judge? You know, judges. Judges There too. Best player in baseball. Someone In the I got you. I got you. I got Nice. I wanted to pick my guy, judge. But I'm, I'm gonna cross off, I'm gonna say Jerry for a few Minutes and then I'm gonna stop You. Blew that first pick. Just absolutely blew it. You blew, you blew that first. Pick how people are gonna be studying this draft for years to come. And they're gonna look at your first, that's, that's like daro. Milicic going in top three. Yeah. He's got 27 home, 26 home runs. Okay, good. Good for you. Was that the AUT draft? Zach, You Hey. What, what, what position does he Play? Dh. Okay. Yeah. Interesting. Positional value. Zach, you're, I think that's Pretty good positional value, to be honest with you. Okay, Max?


I, I would Like to take Aaron Judge as my first pick in this draft. Okay. Okay. Is that a bad pick? No, it's a great pick. That's an awesome great Pick. Great fucking pick. So I have him as a right fielder? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Because he plays right field. That Would be where he plays. Good point. Okay. So I am going to, once again, I was rewarded with nothing. I won dingers only in a route last year. That what? That's how all of winning means. Nothing In, oh, max, shut the fuck up. I'm just saying. I am simply talking. Okay, go ahead. A member of my team I got in the eighth round last year. I'm getting him in the first round this year. No, Don't. I am doing it.


Why wouldn't I do it? I'll have to do it. I'll trade pitch with you. I have to do It. I'll Trade with you. It's so, he's so far above everybody else's position. I'll trade with you. I wanted to call him. You can't call him you. I had him last To my team. I had him the year Before. I know, but I had him last year. I'll Try. I'll make a trade for you. How You gonna trade When we come back around? I'll let you pick in front of me. I don't think that we do This. Take, take his whole second round pick Steven, make make him skip a second round pick mean TRAs are allowed. Trades are allowed in draft. Yeah. Trades are allowed. So I get your first round pick and your second round Pick. No, no. You get to jump in front of me. I'll let you jump in front of me. The, the two times two times in a row that it comes back around. So you move up twice. Yeah, but I, I, I won't be able to get anybody this good. I can't. Why? I'll get, I'll just, why do you get to, to just play the guy I was asking Three times.


I'll let You know. I'll just give you my second round pick. For what? Not even, not even a pick swap. Just give it to you. For this guy. For this Guy. What are you guys doing? How come you That's a Pretty good deal. That's a pretty good deal from PFT Max. I'll give my second round pick. My second rounds more viable. Just take him. Just take him to Cow Riley. Catch fuck. Yep. It's stupid. I couldn't, I couldn't not take him. No, He's won one. Yeah. Yeah. I know. I am a little worried. He's hit too many home runs so far. Yeah. It's gonna be tough to keep the pace up, but Correct. What, what are you doing? Ask Him to be on your team. Oh, alright. He's probably at the ballpark or something. Already's probably pooping. He's Big. Might Be pooping. If he doesn't pick up for Brandon, then he's back.


This is your phone on. He's back on the wave wire. He's your, he's picking your pick. He's back on the wave wire. He's not answering. He's back on the wave wire. No. 'cause that's your phone. Fuck. Cow row catcher all. He's got 31 home Runs. I know he is. That was the one, one pick the second Catcher. Fucked up. Second best catcher at 17. Jerry, he's a catcher. There's Logan. Logan O Hope is good too. Had him last year. I'll take, I'll take my guy. Kyle Schwarber then. Oh D right Left field. Yeah. What'd you all for? Wait, Because I was gonna pick him. Schwarber's played more than 10 games left field. He definitely wasn't to you. How Many games is left field on? How many games does Kyle Shor play? Left field Max. He's played left field a bunch. This right. He get a little squirrel Like it up.


I think you would prefer him at dh. You think so? I don't know. Max. I think for sure there's so many left fielders. There's so many D Yeah, they're about the same. Okay. PFT are up. Okay. So I guess he's my dh. I gotta take my guy. I gotta take James Wood. Mr. National left field hitter of the highest pop flies you've ever seen. James Wood, 22 years old. Love that future Face of this league. Good pick. That's, That's beautiful. Jay Woody, I will be taking, This is where it gets really boring for the listeners. I know.


You know what? You know what? Yeah. What I'll be taking P-C-P-C-A. Yep. It's a good pick. Yep. Good pick. It's a good pick. It's a great pick. Inside the park runs count two. It's a great pick. Who's that guy? Max? MV Pete Pick Crew Armstrong. Steven was gonna take him. I Was I center. I wanted to stick him bad. It was a good Pick. It's a good Pick center field. A good positional value. Yep. Yep. Alright, I'm gonna go positional value. I'm, I'm up in the air. I guess I will go with Euo Suarez of the Arizona Diamondbacks third base.


He's got 25 bangers. Not even close to how you say his name? Good. How, how to pronounce it? Brandon Eugenio. A uio. Okay. That was way off. A hu Nio RAs. That's my pick. 25 Dongs 19 second place. So that's good positional value. That's a lot of dongs. Nice. Did he say he's third base? He's third base. Okay. Okay. Steven, do you have two pick Picks? You nio? I am going with New York. Met Pete Alonzo. Okay. Oh, polar Bear. First base Polar bear Run Derby Home runs not count. No, I think it did. I think we said it counts as one home run if if you win. Yeah. You counts as one home run If you win.


If You win. Yeah. Oh, sick. Okay. I think we did make that rule. Yeah. Very dumb rule. And then I am also going positional value. I'm going Logan O Hoppy. Great. Pick Steven. Terrific. Terrific. Great pick. Great pick. You guys are picking well right now. Yeah. A lot of good picks. Damn. All right. My next pick. We won last year. We were doing a Stella Blue thing at the Cubs game. We were there during bp and I watched this guy legitimately hit 15 straight home runs during bp. And I was like, Big Cat. Who the fuck is that guy? His name? Ak Suzuki. AK Pat Sajak. Say yeah. Say one not in town. Wiz Khalifa.


Left field. Say ya, Suzuki. So you can do left field or dh. You choose left field. I choose left field. Okay. Good pick. I I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna say, I'm gonna say good pick for the cub. Yeah. Yeah. You've Said go pick for every player. Just About, I think your pick was bad. You wanted my pick tremendously. Very Badly. We'll Still talk. Zach, how do you think this is going so far? We Could make a post I Ready's going Great. I'm ready For my pick. Going. Great. It's alright. Couple Of missteps. But I am going to make my second pick with shortstop from the Cincinnati Reds Boo. All De la Cruz. Good pick mother. Terrific fucker. That's a great, that's a great pick pass. That's A fun pick.


You got, you got two fun guys. Dammit. Max's team is fun right now. I one of them so bad. That's fine. I'm gonna go with Mr. National World Series Champion Juan Soto. Good pick. Right field. Right field. Good pick. Fuck, fuck, fuck. I will go with, I need him. I'll do Kyle Tucker. Right field. You say Good pick. Good Pick. That's a damn good pick. Hopefully they resign him. I will take a right fielder as well. He is way down the board as far as home run list. But this is a future list. Ronald AIA Jr.


Ooh, That's a good value. Good pick Brandon. Good value, Brandon. Yep. All his home runs are ahead of him. Zach. Zach, I would like to go with that. Salvador Perez. Ah, What position is he see Catcher run on Catcher He has not caught this year. Oh boy. Wow. Oh, max. Oh boy. He hit you with that one. I'm pretty sure that most of it Check, check, check that. But I'm pretty sure they switched him to DH this year. Wow. He got you on that one, Shane. He did. All right, you're back up.


So he's dh. Oh, you picked, did You, Did you get any stats on that, Shane? According to Shane, he said he's caught 40 times. Oh. Oh, okay. Okay. I might be wrong. So Yeah, he is one of the most Little bit. I know. I remember there was a, a Story that should be a fourth inning for that mistake. There. There was a story that he hadn't caught at all this year. If he wasn't gonna catch, I don't think he Didn't, didn't talk about it on PMT. That he, that he switched it Or wait. No, no. Salvador Perez. No. Okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm, he was on the Seamed Express. He's great player. Okay. Jerry? Yes. I will go with first baseman.


Spencer Torkelson. Yep. The Tigers. Tigers Good Yak gauntlet time. No bad yak. Golet time. Okay. And you have another pick. Oh, Okay. Perfect. I will go with, I would surprised you. I have DH and I have first base. Next up I will take shortstop Francisco Li. Ooh, good pick. That's a good pick. Really good pick. Perfect. Thank you guys. Thank you. Really fucking good pick, dude. How do we feel about taking this is, how do we feel about taking Mets? It's the worst. It's the worst podcast we do every year. How do we, how do we feel about taking Mets, knowing that Frank, the tech is gonna scream about how much they suck for the entire season.


Won't do it. Will not. I might just take all do it. Will not do it. Okay. Who's up Zach? I would like Brandon Lowe. Second base. Lau Brandon Lau. Correction. Okay. First, Second baseman off the board. Good pick. How do you feel about that big Zach? That's A good pick. Feel decent about it. I'm sorry about the Salvador Press thing. All good, man. I appreciate all the information. It's huge. All the information Someone took Junior Ro No Shit.


I Yes Brandon. I'm working on two guys. Oh yeah, that's normal. That's so hot. You going skiing? I gotta keep my Mississippi State boys together. He was also on the team last year. He is gonna get hot again. DH Brent Rucker. Ooh. Okay. Nice Little, little early for him. But I want him And that's A reach. That feels like a reach. He hit 38 home runs last year. Hank We're in 2025. Man. He said it felt like reach. He say Sam baller. I know what I'm gonna take center fielder.


Brian Buxton. Okay. Byron Buxton. Sorry. Bty. I'm gonna go with a friend of PMT Atlanta. Brave First baseman. That's Good. Pick Matton one. I Feel Great about that. Pick. That's a great one. I feel really good about that. That fucking Pick. PFT. Good guy. First team. All good guy too. Shout Out everyone who's listening right now. You're trudging Through voted least likely to be pedophile. Yep. Amongst his peers in the athletic. Hell yeah. We, we are putting Joey Chestnut and Zach Gallen and Meryl Kelly in this show. So it's not, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like this wasn't a total loss of a show, even though I don't listening to us just say names over and over is, I don't think I saved Matt Olson's number.


Big Cat. Can you call him real quick? Yeah. I just wanna tell him. 'cause when, when I got a chance to talk to him in Milwaukee, I said, I'm looking at you for dingers only. I'm gonna say made a case. I'm gonna say I got, I got your coach on the line. Okay. Like they do in the drafts. Yeah. Okay. Hold on one sec. We're over for one on these. Is he playing right now? It is pretty close to Gametime. Yeah, it is. Which is Also, I don't think I've ever called him. He's Got three hours Text Playing the Mets. Yeah. I don't think, I don't think he's gonna have his phone.


Hello Matt. Big Cat from the dingers only league I'm gonna put you on right now with, with with the manager that drafted you. Okay. Hey, Matt Olson. This is PFT Commenter. I just took you in the dingers only draft. Wanna say we're excited to have you as part of the program. Let's give him hell this year, buddy. Hey, it means a lot. Happy to be a part of this program And and part of being a part of the program is you get unlimited ice cream at the office. Whenever you wanna stop in, I'll send you a card. I did notice that that worked for somebody recently. Yep. Yeah. Kyle Row. There you go. Kyle Row. So anytime you want 24 7, you're in Chicago, let us know. And you get the ice cream machine.


Can we like move it to the clubhouse for a series? No, absolutely not. I'm hearing from the cream Team that we can't, we can't do that. But you do get access to it on site here at Parcel Sports. Okay. Sounds like a deal. Alright. Alright. Glad to have you part of the program. Give him hell. Alright. Thanks coach. Thanks Matt. God bless. Alright. That was nice. See you Matt. Thanks. That was a nice moment. Dingers only means more. Steven has a lot of phone numbers of baseball players, so he will have to call anyone who drafts guys. That's fair. Okay, great. Pick Max. That's your name. I'm going to go with second baseman. Catel. Marte.


Good One. Is that how you pronounce his name? Brandon? Good one. That's a really good pick. Yeah, sure. Really good pick. Alright, I'm gonna go with a guy. He, he missed, he missed a lot of the beginning of the year, but he's back now. I think he's gonna make a a go on a tear to end the year. We're going right field there. Mike Trout. Oh, he's just looking up his stunts. All right. Steven, would you like to call? I knew that was coming. That's Why I said that beforehand. Yeah, I mean, I can call him. Yeah, give him a call. We so I don't wanna hear this. You gonna Get awkward. You don't, you don't have to call Him. Oh, okay. No, I thought, I thought I had an outstanding text him.


I do not. So yeah. An outstanding text. What do you think he's doing right now? You think he's reading like Eagles season Previous? Is he or is he playing? He's Been playing. He's playing. Yeah. He came back Recently. Got 12 homers. Yeah, I'm sure that's, that'll continue. Alright, Here we go. You gotta tell him he's live or he is on there. Yep. Is he gonna pick up you think? I don't know. I hope we've talked on the phone a couple times. Thanks. There's a lot of pressure on you. I would love To be a fly on the Wall. I mean, we've, I Knew this. We texting him With the fence. I knew my Trot was gonna get picked and I knew Steven would have to call. Please don't answer. Please don't answer. Probably not.


Your call has been, take a picture of Hank and send him a text saying Hank just drafted you in Dingers. Only let us know if he gets back to you. Okay. Alright. I'm disoriented now. Let's go with Corbin. Carroll is injured, so I'm not gonna go with him. I'm gonna go with right fielder La Dodger. T Oscar Hernandez. Mm. The Oscar. That's not really how you say his name? Steven Te Oscar Hernandez. That's not it. How is it? It's the Oscar Hernandez. The Oscar Hernandez. And this Whole draft was made leading up to me picking the Oscar Hernandez.


Yeah. Damn. You a real fucking asshole. All right. You have another one? Share His birthday. Birthday with my son. Oh great. Wow. I'm sure he is so excited about that. Who do you share a birthday with? Steven Elmo? Yep. Perpetually three and a half years old. I'm going shortstop it Spanish for the mo Shortstop Dansby Swanson. Okay. Okay. Good pick. Yeah. Got it. Good Flow. Good pick. Thanks. Alright. This might be a reach probably, but Im gonna go God. Dam it. Go first. Baseman local kid, south Shore Cohasset, mass. He is a New York Yankee that goes by the name of Ben Rice.


Okay. Okay. Sure. You have the name right? We say local kid. You meant Local To you specifically? Yes. Yeah. What position's He first base? Southie Coho Donny's. Donny's. Donny's. Stanley Southie. They call that Southie Coho in Boston. He's A, he's a skip. He's Wicked strong. Clipper skipper. Forget what the call, I forget what their mascot was in high school. Okay, you're up. I am going to go with outfielder, specifically. Rightfielder, Fernando Tati Jr. Okay. Oh, good Pick Bam. Fine pick.


Good. Lot of aura. Yep. I'm going for, I'm going for Aura On this squad. So much. Aura. Yeah. That's a good pick. All right. You're up Ft. Really glad this guy fell to me. Colorado, Rocky first. Rocky. That's what I was going between positional value Hunter Goodman. Mm. Alright. Catcher playing at altitude. All right. I'm gonna, I'm gonna play a little defense on myself here. Let's see if I can, Are any of these guys hurt? No, I don't think so. Quite possibly. Yeah. I'd say it's a high Probability. Definitely. Definitely some hurt guys. You're trying to, you're trying to get my pick before I get my pick.


You have the pick before me. What would, what value would it be to me? What if I, I Lose my time on the clock. You're running the clock. Your call has been forward pick up. Alright. I'm taking friend of the program. Christian Yelich. That made sense. Is he Right field, left field. Left field. Okay. So I'm gonna take a risky pick here. This guy is hurt. I think he's coming back within a week, two weeks, three weeks. I don't know whenever he is coming back. Yeah, I'm doing it. Max. God damnit. I thought no one was. Of course I'm doing it. I was looking at you like you should do it. Well, I, you have plenty of time to do it. I know, I know. I understand. But I think I'm getting great value if he gets back healthy. Bryce Harper first baseman. Mm. Oh, That's great value, Brandon.


Great value. You Really love Philly, huh? Great Value. That's my first Philly. Yeah, I do. It's important. Philly. Great value, Zach. I'm Like, max, how we feeling? I thought I was Gonna Feeling okay if, if it's possible still on the board, I would like to go with the junior common from the Tampa Bay third base. Oh, They, they just cut him. I, that's terrible. That's we're confirmed. Okay. Well I'm not gonna go with him. No, he's, He's fine. No, He's fine. He's fine. Okay. I'm going with him then. Zach, how do, how would you feel pitching against the team? A college team? Headgear or no headgear? You could have a net in front of you if you wanted. I just don't, I, I don't know if I can keep it striking so I might hit him with the ball.


I wouldn't wanna do that. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't throw too fast. But I wouldn't wanna hit anybody. Okay. But you could do it. You're worried about them. I'm not too nice on the mound. Yeah. I don't wanna hit anybody with a ball. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Alright. Jerry, you're up. Okay. I am going to go with is on my squad last year, I believe. Yes. He was third base. Jose Ramirez. Okay. That's a damn fine Pick. Good pick. Thank you so much. And I believe I have another pick, correct? Ooh, I will go. Center Field O'Neill Cruz. Good pick. Damn. Good pick Good one.


Thanks guys. Fun player. Appreciate That. That's an or Pick too. Yeah, it is. That's a Great pick. I had him on board. I had him on my board as well. I think he was on my board. Everyone had him on the board. Okay. We're about to get to the portion where we start picking guys who've already been picked. Yep. Yeah. And super hurt guys. And super hurt Guys. Just like really hurt guys. Super hurt guys. Some guys, it might not be alive. Okay. You're up. Is it possible to go Byron Buxton Center field? Oh, It's not perfect timing. Timing. I picked him two rounds ago. Oh, that's terrible. My bad. Sorry.


Okay. That's terrible. I go Trent Grisham. Okay. Okay. Has been Picked. What position? What Position is that? Trent Grisham. He's a center fielder. Okay. Back to back center fielders. It's about that time. You better Believe. Yep, it is about that time. Brandon, Lemme call this guy. Oh, Yep. All right. You got him. Whose Number does Brandon have? Mississippi State guy.


All right. Lemme just, okay. I just call him right now. Sorry guys. Just, No, you got This. I had to look it up. Who's he calling? Who do we think he's calling? I'm calling my guy. Who Do we think he's calling? Oh, is this not Stowers Shit? Oh no. Is it? It's a Oreo, Mississippi State Checking. Bobby Whitt Jr. Oh. Shortstop doesn't have that many home runs yet.


But he's gonna get hot. He will get hot. Bobby BW will Bobby Whit Bobby Jr. Takes bw. Will get hot. Alright, I'll go. Wait, lemme make sure he's not hot Shortstop. I'll go third baseman. Manny Machado. Okay. Aura. Fun to watch. Big time. Aura. All the Padres Pods. Big time Aura. Pod heads. Alright. PFT. All right. I'm gonna go center fielder for the Milwaukee Brewers. Jackson, Cheerio. Oh, Nice. Pick Fun name to say too. Chip. Chip. Nice. Cheerio. Nice pick. Nice pick. I I, I have a guy that I'm struggling with posi with position.


Okay. Raphael Devs is the pick that I would like to make. But He all this Position listed as a dh. How many games is he? How All of of them we've clarified before it be 10. Shane just said all of Them. He's been a D All of them. He's been a D That was the thing, right? D Okay, fine. I'll, I'll keep him at dh. That's fine. But, But he's listed as third base in baseball. In his own words. He said I am a third baseman. Right, Hank? Yeah. But he hasn't played there. So, but he said For the Rules of the Said, I just said, I'm fine with keeping him at third, third base. I'm, are you fine with keeping At third base At at d? Yeah. Alright. It should be up to him. Would you think he'd want a DH or do you think He'd rather play base?


Yeah, you might have, you might have a clubhouse cancer on your head. That's, That's fine. That's tough. All right. Similar to Mike Trout. This guy missed a big chunk of the season. He, his, I think he made his return on, he is had six at bats this year. But he hits bombs. He's gonna hit a lot of bombs. No, he is had 19 at bats, zero home runs. Okay. Gian Carlos Stanton. All right. Oh, DH He's Battling back from double elbow to tinnitus. Forgot He was Stan. I didn't know he played baseball still. Yeah. What position is he? DHDH. He will probably stay healthy. Does he go by Mike now?


No. No. That's been eight Years. Actually the opposite. He, it's, that's him though. Yeah. Alright. You looked him up and it still says Mike Stanton. No, my, my memory reference bank. Your Memory reference bank. Your, Your brain. Yeah. Alright. It's on me. Is anybody? Yeah. No, it's memory reference bank. Let's go Center field. Have I taken that? Nope. Let's go. Andy Pages. Whoa. Ta That's A reach. Big time. Reach. Really bad pick. Is he Hurt? No. I'm just making fun of that. Just a reach. Okay.


Back to back. Alright, let's go. Center Field's. Off the board. Right. Field's. Also off the board. I love my squad right Now. I do too. Let's go third base. Isaac Parais. Esoc Esoc. Hopefully he doesn't suck Cub for life. He was in the Cubs last year. Oh hell yeah. All right. I'm gonna, I'm gonna keep, I'm, I'm going for just sex appeal.


I'm just going for a lineup that, that pops off the lineup card. I I'm gonna go Mookie Bats shortstop. Mm. He's, he's had some injuries. I Was just looking at him. He's nine, nine home runs this year. Lost a lot of weight. He, he had a tow injury, but he is back. He's playing. But he, I was looking at it. I was looking it up. 'cause I was about to maybe take him, but then I looked at it and I was like, oh, maybe it's because he didn't hit home runs when he lost all his weight. He's only hit one home run this last month. He's had a toe and he is battling, but he is, he's, he's, again, like, these are all big time players that are gonna, you know, have to contribute to going down the stretch and, and live Up to their names. Yeah. I'm also gonna go with, I mean, Mookie, Mike Stanton. Okay. Mike Trout.


That's, that's a, that's a power. Power Set This one out. Max, you Just interrupted Max. That's okay. Max. I'm also gonna go for a vibes guy. I, again, I'm struggling with his position, but I'm available at both of his positions right now. I'll be going with Vladdy Jr. Yeah. Okay. Team. Is he on? He's on the Blue Jays. I believe he's a first baseman now. Not a third baseman anymore. How many homeowners does he have? Not at, not, not as many as I think he has like Nine, you Would think. Or he is 10. But, you know, you gotta you gotta go for talent at this, at this. That's fast. Yeah. You gotta go for upsides. Yeah. You're drafting for upside right now? 100%.


I'm gonna go with a Saber Metric pick. I got deep into the math on this. Ideally, you want your players to get as many opportunities to hit home runs as possible. Yes. Why not take a guy that hits lead off shortstop. CJ Abrams. Mm. He's gonna get like four more at bats than some of your guys' clowns. That's good. Saver metrics. Why would you say clowns? Because you guys got a bunch of clowns on your team. That's gonna mean he's right. It's true. I will go with shortstop. Jeremy Pena from the Houston Astros. Pena Spanish for pineapple.


Seven of eight teams right now. Have a shortstop, Big swinger. Oh, that was a mistake then. Yeah, I'm going. I wish I, I knew that where you could wait on, but just no idea. I'm going to go Whoever Doesn't have a shortstop, don't I have a don't pick 'em. That's me. Yeah, that's, no, I got Bobby. Bobby got left Fielder. Okay. Has anybody picked Taylor Ward? Nope. No. Then I've, I, I'm picking Taylor Ward. Who Does she play for? The Angels? Well, that's a bad pick. Taylor Ward. That is, that is generic player number 45. Shit. Can I change my Pick? This is just called Dingers only, right? Yeah. We're just hitting dingers. Yeah. Why did I do that?


I'm not worried about sex appeal. Yeah. Check. I'm not worried about noise. Taylor Ward. I have, I I'm drafting player. First name, last name. If you Met a girl named Taylor Ward, she's hot as fuck. Yeah. If she's a chick. Yeah. How do you know mine isn't a chick? That's a good point. Can I switch my pick if the person picks up? Yes. No, If the person picks up, He's gonna get a next, his next pick. No. What are you talking About? But it's A shortstop. Everyone else has a shortstop. Who are you throwing back? I, I, I, I would've rather had Gunner Henderson just 'cause I, I could root for him instead of Jeremy Pena. Oh, can I just do that? You have To call him. I'm actually fine. Yes. Pick up. I'm actually fine with that. I mean, everyone has a shortstop On I know, but I just wanted to see him pick up. All right. Fine, fine, fine. If he picks up.


Otherwise I'm keeping Jeremy Pena And whoever doesn't have a shortstop, just pick Gunner Henderson whenever you want. Gunner hasn't responded to me since I asked him to go on his spot party. Well, you're not Dan. Well, since you what? Ask Him Party. You guys made me ask him that party. Fuck. He's not gonna pick up. Damn it. All right. I guess I got Jeremy Pena. He's a fine player. Yeah, I know. I just wanted to roof for Gunner Henderson. I was stupid. I don't know why I did that. He's, he's only hit eight home runs, so I didn't see him on the board. Hey, this is Gunner. He fuck. Oh, that's a strong message. Hey, Jeremy Pena. Be a hero.


Hey, it's Me, gunner Henderson. But you already knew that he's gonna be so mad when he finds out he didn't get drafted. Oh, one person might still person still. Yeah. He might still, who still needs a shortstop? Does anybody know? Okay. Don't draft him right now. But you know what? If you draft Gunner, I'll trade you. Jeremy Pena. Can I think about it? Yeah. Awesome. All right. All right. What'd you decide? I I I'll go next, right? Yeah. But what'd you decide about the trade? Yeah. Oh, right now? Yeah. Oh, you feel good about Pena this year? I, I mean, he's got 11 runs.


Obviously. Doesn't feel good about him. Zach, he's, no, it's, it's literally, I do feel good about him, but I just would rather have Gunner Henderson. But it's fine. Don't, you don't Have to. Is it cool if I keep, if Can we think about mid-season? Maybe a swat. Can we table it till now? And I, I go Gunner The deal is now officially off The table. Okay. That's fine. Okay. Alright. We won't try then. There You go ahead. Make Your pick. I got you. Sorry about that. I'm gonna go with, has, has Ezekiel Tover been taken? Nope. I would like to take Ezekiel Tover. Okay. What position is that? Young man Shortstop. Wait, you're not, and you also taken a short stop. You need to, everyone, I already had this conversation.


It's three home runs. Why are you taking him? I was just keep trying to get, keep track of who was taken and who wasn't taken. And I, I know he was on the non taking board and Ezekiel sounds like a strong name is I was really going off first name. I thought you were like, were like friends with this. No, I don't, I don't have too many guys. I don't know too many guys in name LB, but I feel like he might. Okay. He might be a stick later in the season. Terrible pick. That's Fair. Yeah. Okay. Jerry, you're up. All right. I need a second baseman. I will go. Ooh. Okay. I will go with Jackson Holiday. You bitch motherfucker. Yeah, I'll go with him. Yeah. I like him. It's a good pick.


Good pick. Good pick. Great pick. Great Pick. And then this is gonna be a reach. 'cause I don't think this guy has zero home runs this year. Okay. He plays left field. Okay. Oh, left fielder with zero home runs is hard to do. Jord on Alvarez. Oh. Oh, that's pretty pretty. I see. Is he hurt gh But He, he is hurt. He is returning sometime in the next two months, month and a half. Yeah. Good. Okay. That's good. He hits home runs. Yeah. Yeah. Astros, Jord and Alvarez. No progress. I'm pretty sure they come out the fracture. I Think I drafted him last year. Right when he went on the start of like a 60 day dl. Yeah, he's He's, he's a Great player when he plays.


Yeah, he's coming. He's returning though. They said. Yeah, that's what they said last year. When was the last update? No progress. No Progress. We'll see, I read a different report. We'll see. Yeah, we'll see. I mean listen, if he, we don't know. Nobody knows. Yeah, I know. He was supposed to. I think he was a setback. Yeah, we'll see. Yeah. But we're good. No, well no progress means no bad progress either. True. Alright, back up Zach. Alright. Would it be possible to take Brent Rucker or has Brent Rucker been drafted Draft? He's been on my team for about 45 minutes. That's fair. I missed that one on the lineup. That's, I won't happen against, sorry, Brandon. Ezekiel won't do that again. He's just picking guys that no one would've drafted.


Ian Hap of the Cubs. He available. Great. Great pick. Very Much so. I'll take Ian. Great pick. That's A great pick. It's red hot right now. Two home runs on Friday, which if you're listening to this right now was like two weeks Ago. Yeah. Center fielder of the Seattle Mariners. Julio Rodriguez. Ooh, good one. That's 10 home runs but is averaging 29 over the last three years. Jro. Good one. Good one. Alright, I'll take Michael Bus first. Baseman. Okay. I'm gonna go with Matt Chapman. Third baseman Giants.


Good. Pick. PFT. Good. Pick. Pick. P ft. Has anyone taken Riley Green? Left Fielder for the Tigers yet? That's a hot sounding name. Yeah. Robert Green. Well, that, that chick has got fans. Fans. Like really? I would click on the Ole fans just to see how Much it was. Yeah. Super shiny. Lip gloss hammer. Pt. Who did you just take One? Took Matt Chapman. Okay. Thanks. I feel like this person's been taken from the Colorado Rockies catcher. Hunter Goodman. Yep. He Has shows. Yeah. Wild. I got him A long time Ago. Long time ago. It felt like, it felt like that was true. Yeah. Does He Good. Good intuition. How does he Play into really good intuition? Hank your Aura team. Hank.


He didn't, he just was high up on the board, which is why he had been taken already. Alright. Oh man, this is tough now. All right, I'm gonna go just because I loved his walkup song in 2016. Javi Baez. Nice. I'm in love with He's back. He's back. What's his position? He's a center fielder for the Tigers. Okay. Good pick. Oh, he, he got traded for PCA, right? Yeah. Correct. I'm going with, it's Great like being around Steven because his baseball know knowledge literally started this year. I am going with what's his fa, left field New York Mets.


Brandon Nimmo. Okay, thanks. Frank's gonna be mad about that one. And then I will go with designated hitter. I believe that's his position. Lemme double check. Would you give Frank a team in this YY Diaz and have it be all Mets? Yeah, He just gets all the Mets. This is gonna be analytics. Good pick check By the way. Good. Pick Analytics. Pick short. Short porch and right field Jazz. Chisholm second base. Mm. That's just a real solid pick. Good Value anchor. It's A real solid pick. I will be taking catcher not to be confused with actor Will Smith.


Mm Of which one are you taking the The catcher? Not, not the actor. Okay. The actor also hits, so I'm up. We're only taking Right? Mm. I got pick a DH here. Actually, my favorite part of this dingers only draft is when they do the team that we didn't draft. Yeah. That we should have draft. Shane, are you working on that or memes? It's memes. Sorry. Shane has tried to talk. I don't mic anywhere near. Doesn't know How I can Okay. Do it right now. Okay. So I'm up and I am going to be taking, has anybody took Wilmer Flores yet?


I have not heard his name. I have not heard his, he designated hitter. Wilmer Flores. You sure? He is still in the league. He's hit 11 home runs this year. Huh? Yeah. And the 11 is red, which I think means good. Good. Also fun fact about him. Wilmer Flores bio. He's the brother of Wilmer Flores. I'll be god damn. Wow. So there are two Wilmer Flores's. That's sick. Which one did you take? I took Wilmer Flores. Cool. Has anyone taken Mr. October? Tommy Edmond? I have not. Dodger. Okay. Yeah, he's good. I'm gonna take 'em. Great pick. Mr. October. I have, I have an issue, By the way, this, by the way, just so we're all clear, the official first day of this league is July 2nd.


Wednesday, July 2nd. So these home runs don't count. Home runs count for the next eight days. Last year y'all did the same thing. And then you started text message say, should we just start now? No, we You gonna do that again? No. Just depends on how many home runs you do that. Yes. Yeah. I think last year it was like, should we just start today? Should we just Start today? No. Whatever. Okay. I have a, it Doesn't really matter. I have a Guy who I Yes. We would Like vote Yes. If you'd like to start today. What's today? Today. Today. Today or today? Today. When it comes out. Today, tomorrow. Today. Today. Today. This day. June 20. No, let's just start Ju July 2nd. Okay. When every Bryce Harper gets me. All Right. What position is your guy? Second baseman. Okay.


Tell me who, who'd you say Mr. October? Yes, Brandon. I have a problem. I have a guy that has almost assuredly been picked, but I haven't heard him be picked and I haven't scratched him off. So I'm gonna ask and he's definitely been picked. So just tell me he's been picked. Okay. Who's got Jose Altuve? He's not been picked. Not been picked. I'd like to pick Jose Altuve second baseman for the Good Pick. Houston Pick. Houston Not as good as Tommy Edmond. He has way more home runs Than Tommy Edmond. Yeah. Are you sure About that? No. 'cause Tommy Evan's not even on my second base list. How many home runs does Jose two? They have 12.


Tommy Evan has 10. Not way more. Few more. Yeah. That. Okay. Has anyone drafted a Ben Rice from the New York Yankee? How do you keep doing this? I got my list swapped. That was my fault. Good Kid. Local kid. Yandy Diaz taken, also been taking, yeah. Okay. Has Jose, Jose Altuve still been playing all second base because he's been playing left field too. I wrote it. It said second base on, on the thing that I Google. I I was, Yeah, but he's been playing left field. I think he's enough second base that he should be a second baseman still correct. Steven. Shane, I'm looking. Alright. Can y'all look Okay? Alright. Okay. We, we good? Yeah. That's why I was more upset at myself 'cause I didn't see him on my second base.


On List. Vinny PAs, Canino, Who's that first Base? Italian Royals That he Is, correct? Yep. Pick 'em. That's who we're picking. All Right, Jerry. Perfect. I will do I need a catcher. This is the last round. Or not? Not this. Oh, there's one more round. Last round. I need a catcher, but yeah, fuck it. Let's go with, let's go with Wells. God dammit. Austin Wells. Goddammit. He wasn't gonna make it to You. Hank Austin Wells. Let's go with him. God fucking dammit. Catcher. Okay, now I need a oh oh my ray field there.


Yeah, right field there. Okay. I will go. Man. I don't know much about this guy, but a name sounds like he hits home runs. And I remember a couple postseasons ago he was heading home runs Nick, cast Castellanos. Yeah. He's had a good year. And his power numbers have been a little bit down, but, all right, I'll go with him. My wife there. Yeah. Perfect. Sneak. Zach, you need a dh? Is Sya Suzuki available? No. No. Not, not. He just looking at my draft. I think he was second round pick. Was he a second round then?


Yeah, Third or fourth. Yeah. Great. Pick 10th. Overall solid pick. 10th. Overall Solid. Great value. I Mean, that would've been an awesome pick if you got I go the Jonathan Arata. Okay. Okay. Doesn't it hit her a 10 Bay Dove rays. Okay. Just the rays Now. 10 bay rays. Yep. Brandon Needs a third basement Eight years ago. Eight maybe more. Another injury guy coming back. Jordan Westburg, Baltimore Orioles third base. Where'd He go to school? Wow. Mississippi.


Motherfucking state. All right. Pick Mississippi. I'm gonna take a injured player, but he's got a lot of pop. He's only, he's got 10 home runs in How many bats? 200 bats. Shay Angier. Okay. From the A. He should be back. I just Googled it. He should be back in in the next week or two. Yeah. So Jackson Holiday, we've ruled him as a shortstop. Yes. No, someone already picked him. I picked Him. He Picked a second baseman, right? Yeah. You need, you need a second baseman? I need a second baseman. Yep.


So I will be going with at second base, Ozzy Alius. Hmm. Let's go pick Atlanta. Brave. Good pick. That's a Pick. Good pick. That's a good pick. Good pick. Thanks. Mostly because it's the name I recognize. Yep. Yeah, I'm saying that's, that's my, I guess this is the, in the injured round here where someone takes someone who is going to be off of injury soon. I'll be taking third baseman. Alex Bregman. Good pick. Great pick. Great pick. Would you like to call him Chuck? Damn, I should have done that. Bregman. Yeah, No, please don't answer. He, he'd be likely to pick up.


We'll See every article about Ozzy Alby is about how bad this current slump that is. He has been awful. Yeah, but he's gonna be better. He should be better. He only has six home runs. Outstanding Tax. He's gonna hit 25. So I think getting drafted on this team is the spark that he needed. Yeah. I think he's betting 100 for June. Ooh. All right. I'm gonna go recurring guest for end of the program. Catcher for the Seattle Mariners Cal Roll. Hey, great pick. Thank you. Great pick. Thank you. Oh, Bradman's calling back. Oh, There we go. Nice. Hand it to Max. Tell him we're doing the junior call. Alex, What's up buddy?


You call? Yeah, we are doing what's You are on. Pardon my Pardon My Take right now. I'm gonna pass you to Max. You've just been drafted in the dingers only league. What does that mean? Hey Alex. Pleasure to, pleasure to speak with you right now. I just want you to know that you've been drafted by Team Max to the dingers only league. And Pardon My Take. Do you accept? I don't even know what that is. Alright. Alright. That's cool. Tell him what it's, that's cool. It is a fantasy baseball league between the members of part of my take plus a a few more. And it's just a fantasy baseball league. Homers only. Alright are, how's your health? You feeling good? Yeah, I'm feeling Good bro. You'll be back soon. I love that. Love that.


Thanks for joining my team. See You. Have a good One. I don't know if he did join your team. I Don't think he accepted. You Were too nervous, Max. I was nervous. I was nervous. Couldn't wait to get off the phone. I was nervous. I was nervous. Damn, dude. Maybe send him a follow up text chain and be like, sorry for Max, he's A loser. I felt like that was pretty, I, I thought that went pretty smoothly. No, you, you blew that cha. I thought that went pretty smoothly. Zach, what do you think? You Were so fast. I thought it was On our first interaction with somebody. I feel like it went pretty decent. I was pretty, yeah. Chase? I don't know why. Like, I don't know. Okay. Clean that up. There's something about a, there's something about a phone call that's nerveracking Up. Max. Look at it. Clean that up. I don't want reman to hate us. Sorry. That Was weird. Gimme a thumbs Up or what? Yeah, your thumb is completely blocking your face.


Okay. Alright. Alright. Steven. Pregnant's been drafted. Wait, who did You pick? Wait, who'd you take Power? What are you doing? Fuck. I thought it was, we thought we were gonna move on. Has anyone taken Ton a clerical error? Oxton Ramirez of the Miami Marlins? No. Alright, I'll take him. Good Pick. Great pick. Hank. Oh, He, I had him on my board. He's actually better than Cal Rowley. Steven last pick. Mr. Irrelevant. Mr. Irrelevant. I'm just checking to make sure this guy is healthy. He's got an absolute dynamite name. Oh, yep.


He's hitting like one 50. This Could Be anybody. He might be second baseman. Oh, Arizona Dyna backs. Tim Awa. Oh, Dynamite. That's a dynamite name to you. Tim Dynamite. Tim Tawa. Yeah. Okay. I feel like we left a Lot of Wait. Who's your, Yeah. Augustine Ramirez. I wanna say third base base. We, we left a couple guys. Well, Corey Carroll. Cor Carroll's out there. Yeah, But he's Hurt. How hurt Though? I don't know. He think he's getting an MRI. But he is has 20 home runs. I think I drafted all guys from the National League. How's that possible? Yeah. Entirely National League team. Every, everybody on my team is in the National League.


Corbin Carroll is a A big miss. Big Miss. Big Miss. Big Miss. Think hurt. Thought Stash him. He, Well you can't stash him. We don't have any Oh, you're saying Stash him just eat, eat his non home runs until, yeah. Yeah. So it's a race to see who's right. Fielder gets hurt first. Yeah. Memes. Should we miss Anybody take Freddy Freeman? Nope. Nope. Yeah. First Base Soderstrom is a really good hitter too. Okay, who Else want me to go down the list right now? Yeah. Yeah. Sean Murphy. Catcher Braves, Tommy Edmond.


Nope. Nope. Got him. Yes. That feels good. Sean Murphy might not be the best hitting catcher on that team. That feels really good knowing that I got a pick that the baseball guys knew. Daniel Schneeman, the Guardians for second base. Zach Netto for shortstop. Yeah. Austin Riley. Third base. Okay. It's not a bad year. Tyler? Soderstrom. Centerfield. Joe Adell. And then Wright Field. Corbin Carroll. Okay. I think we did pretty Good. Yeah. I think that was a good draft. Boys. I love my team. My team pops off. I love my team. Yeah. Hank's, you said something earlier of like They, if you posted this lineup card, Oh shit. Yeah. That, that you wanted like an A star power and that's what I, I kind of Went for Read your lead.


You read your team real quick. Eugenio Ao Suarez. Nailed it. See ya. Suzuki. Mike Trout. Ben Rice Drew and Carlos Stanton. Mookie Bets. Javi. Baez. Jazz Chisholm. Yeah. Augustine Ramirez. Everyone. Everyone say their name. So you wanna say all of our names? Everyone say, I mean, I'm Brandon. No, I don't. I actually think if you put my line up, player names next to Hank. I think mine pops with a Just as far. God, I forgot. I think mine pops better. Think pops more as well. I think we're doing a pop Off. Yeah. Yeah. Let's Pop off. Let's pop off. Pop Off for y'all. Hey Hank, you listen to this. Tell me guy for guy. James Wood. Juan Soto. Matt Olson.


Matt Olson, hunter Goodman, Jackson, Cheerio. CJ Abrams. Matt Chapman. Wilmer Flores. Ozzy Viss. Yeah. No, there's no zero. End of end of the I. I'm popping so harder than y'all. There's zero pop. No, I'm popping harder. I'm popping harder. Zero pop. So you wanna pop I'm, yeah. Let's you pop Pop you pop first and then I pop Cal Riley. Last guy Pop Has to eat. Cal Riley Pops Ronald Laconia. Yep. Pops. Bryce Harper Pops. Julio Rodriguez. Yep. Bobby Whit Jr. Yeah. Jose Altuve Pops. Yep. Now I go Brent Rucker. Taylor Ward. Jordan Westberg. I, I didn't pop Taylor Ward. So can I pop? I mean, Mike saying Pop, I Like I'm popping better Than me. Okay. I'm Will Smith. Nah, nah. Vladi jr. Pop a little Pops Pop. Marta, eh, Bregman pops.


Ellie Bregman done. Pops, Pops. Bregman. Pops. Pops, pops. Bregman pops. Ellie de La Cruz Pops. Riley Green. PCAS. Devs. All that Pops. Pop. That's a good pop. That's pretty good. That's a good pop. You wanna my pop? There's a lot of pop in there. All right. My bunch of pop you start. I'll just throw these. Shaylan, Lias, whatever. Michael Bush is good. Tommy Edmond. Gunner Henderson, pop. Oh wait, did you make that trade? Oh wait. Oh yeah. Yeah. Fuck. Jeremy. Pena. Manny Machado, pop. Pop. Christian, Yellich Pops, Kyle Tucker Pops, Kyle Schwarber Pops. Byron Buxton Pop Decent Pop Am my outfit. I mean, I have two. I I have the Kyles guys. I think you, Kyle, Kyle have one too. Kyle Schwarber and Kyle Tucker.


This Is gonna be the most competitive year of dingers. Only ever. You wanna pop Jerry? I'll pop A little bit. Pop it off. First base. Spencer Torkelson. Okay. Wow. Man. H Tani Shits Pop. Shortstop Lin do pop. Center Field. O'Neill Cruz. Third base. Jose Ramirez. Pop Pop. Second base. Jackson Holiday Could pop Left Field Potential for Pop Pop Jord on Alvarez Pop. Well, he's, he's dead. I don't think he's gonna play for the rest of the year. The The pop was Actually the name. The name is Pop though. So the name Pop. Yeah. Name is pop. Name is Pop. Pop. The name is Pop Poper also as Pop is Labrum. Okay. And right Field. They're Castellanos. That's Pop. Yeah. Pop. What do You got Steven? Say a little Pop Catcher. Logan O Hoppy sick name.


Nah. Your definition for sick name is Just Logan O Hoppy. It's just Names. Really Weird. That's a cool name. Pete Alonzo. First base, second base. That pops. Yeah. I, Tim Awa. That's a cool name. That's Pop. How could that be the coolest? Tim Tower shortstop. Dansby Swanson swag. Oh God. They seems not Third Base Ice. Esau. Parais. Esau Parais. No. Pop the left field. Brandon Nimo. This is the least amount of pop. Can we agree that this team, well we Haven't heard Zach yet. Centerfield. Andy Paez. Okay. There's no PA Stages, right Field. The Oscar Hernandez. Yeah. There Incredible amount of non, You know, sex appeal.


Here's the thing, You don't, you don't know 90% of your team. No. I I, no. Yeah, absolutely do. Peter Lonzo. Logan Hoppi and the Oscar and Dansby. I know all of those guys. If you were to make it, Brandon Nimmo, I've Heard of a team logo for your squad. It would just be beige. Yeah. It be Bei and gray. Yeah. Toby Fenderson. Zach end us with a pop. Aaron Judge. Pop. Pop. Salvado Perez. Pop Pop. Brandon Lowe. Pop. Wow. Junior Ero. Trent Grisham. Okay. Ezekiel Tover. Pop. Ian Hap Pop. Pop Pop. Vinny, Paskin, Sino PAs Canino. I think if you'd said it like it, right? With the Italian hands, it pops PAs, Vinny Scatino PAs Canino.


Yeah. Yeah. Gotcha. And Jonathan Ada, Why didn't you take Gunner Henderson? It was a mix up. It was miscommunication, Memes. Do you and Shane, do you have any like grades? Like which team? Which team pops the hardest? Give Max an A. Mm. Let's go Give Brandon an A. Yeah. Brandon's really good. Are you? Why don't you say, That was really good, max. Yours is really Good too. All right. Thanks. I like big Captain P fts. Mm. Here you do. Wow. Hank. You're not gonna pop. No. Hank's was good. No it wasn't. You don't mean that. So who, Who's bad that that's, that's a better question. Unfortunately, my man, my man Zach had had a tough time.


Lot of ball left. Lot ball Left. Lot Of ball left. We also last year picked pitcher, tie Breaker. Yeah. We're not doing, not doing that. Okay. That was, oh, it was just tie breaker. It was just, it was strike. Oh, Yeah, yeah, yeah. We could do that, I guess. Okay. Tie breaker. We can just go Same one through eight. Okay. And it's strikeouts. It's just Strikeouts. Most strikeouts. Just purely tiebreaker for last place. Correct. And last year we just, we just spoke up. So Kins, gimme, gimme. Garrett. Crochet. That's what Pick. What are we doing? We Just spoke up. Ion Just, just take it. Oh gimme SCO ball. What? Wait. Alright. Fine. Go in order. Go order. I'll take the order. Well order. I don't know his name. Who? It's the Asian Guy. Wait, no. It should be going back.


Show Tani. No, no. Who had the Last pick? No, it's, I did. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Paul. Skees. Wait, what is this? What are we talking about? It's not gonna happen. Paul. Paul Skees for Me. Good. Pick Hank. Yeah. Sorry. I'm looking for any pitcher. That's the home run this year. No Strike Interest anymore. It's only in the event of search for That. They're all DH as heck. Oh Man. Ani would be a great pick. Alright, I'll gimme Scoble. Good pick. Nice. Good pick. That's a great pick. Crochet. Brandon. Brandon was the one. Actually, no. Gimme Zach Wheeler. Zach Wheeler. Mm.


McKenzie Gore. Why can't I? Why can't I get this for, for strikeouts? Where are the strikeouts? Oh, lemme see. Lemme see. Lemme see. Lemme see Here. Crochet. Chris sale. Ah, hurt. Thank you. What? Didn't he hurt? He got hurt that night. Logan Webb. Mm. Hunter Brown. I don't know who that is. Wait, I think we fucked up too because so many names got thrown around. So Crochets still Not Picked. Crochets picked. Max picked. No, I, no, he was not.


I switched to Zach Wheeler. We both paid up. I switched to Zach Wheeler. There's so many names thrown around. Am I take Crochet? Matt or Zach? I'll take crochet. There you Go. We got CRO sale. Fractured ribcage. Yeah, That stinks. I got It. Doing a diving play with two outs on the ninth of a shutout. I just wanted to fill and it's not gonna matter unless it does matter. Good. You gotta pick there Jerry. I can't, I can't find him. The Asian guy on the Dodgers have amo. Tony? Yeah. Have a Moto. That's his name, right? They're sne. Yep. Yep. Take it. There's definitely like five Asian guys picture For, I'm pretty sure he's talking about Yamamoto. He's A picture.


There's, then they have another guy that just got hurt, right? Sasaki? Yeah. No, I'm not thinking Of that guy. He's talking about Yamamoto, right? The guy the most strikeouts. She noble. Yep. Him. It's like the whatever. It's like the one team. Like you can't that you can't say Can't Say Asian Guy. Are they just filled with Asian players? Yeah. Well, I don't know. I don't watch the baseball. Yeah. Alright. Good job boys. All right. That was a great draft. I think this was good draft. Gentlemen. Guy for guy. The best draft yet. Yeah, except Cor. It's gonna be a slug fest in the league this year. It's gonna be, it's gonna be scenes. Who? Who do we think does the pitching challenge first? The loser of this year or Max? I thinks The loser of this year. I think Zach's gonna do before Max does. Yeah. You are saying Zach's gonna lose. I was making a joke. Ezekiel.


He's going to lose. We haven't even gotten to the second yet. Alright. Okay. That was our show. Reminder. No show Friday numbers three. No-show. Friday for the 4th of July 99. We'll be back on Sunday night. Our show on Monday And then it's chill week. You got one there? Memes? Did you hang in there? Memes? Yeah. One for one for four? Yeah. Wait, no, I got it. No, I know. Before. Yeah. Yeah. Outta the four. We just did. Yeah. Oh, Okay. He says it so quick. Yeah, I'm gonna go with 59. Oh oh. That's not gonna hit. Okay. That's terrible.


Terrible number. Me? I'll take 11. What did you guess last memes last year? 59, 21. Alright, I'll do 21. Fuck is wrong with you. 59, 27. Come on. 27. 71. 71. The Meaning that fucking takes Love. You guys Love.