
Hey. Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We've got a two for, we're talking Black Monday. Firings Hirings with our good friend Diana Rossini. And then we're gonna do a little college football playoff preview with unfortunately our college football expert because he won the dual with Tom Ferelli. Has it been won? It has. He's got three outta four of the la the last teams, Brandon Walker. He also, we, we haven't taped Brandon yet, but we're, he will be in this show. He'd said to me before, is it my coronation? So basically our worst ca worst case scenario. Wait, so do, does, is Tom totally outta teams? Yeah, he's got one team left, but statistically he can't, can't make it out. But we should put some stock if he pick the champion. Yeah, that should mean something. That should mean something. We're winners on this podcast. We haven't decided yet. We're gonna do Hot Seat Cool throne. We're gonna do some pressure rankings. We're gonna do Guys On Chicks. We got a great show for everyone and it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings NFL playoffs. We're talking about the NFL Playoffs Playoffs. You bet. We are getting on the action DraftKings Sports Rec and official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring. Touchdown is touchdowns is key to winning the NFL Playoffs. And the key to you scoring big is betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to the Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to watch your favorite players crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL Playoffs. The Draftking Sportsbook Download the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $20 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio. Okay, let's go Football. Yeah. Welcome to part of my take presented by Draft Kings Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $20 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on trafficking sports book. The Crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, January 8th and PFT. Black Monday has occurred. And we just wanna remind everyone that those guys have families and Kids have to change schools. Yeah. It getting fired is not fun. No, this is, it's a very somber day. Thoughts and Prayers. So anyone that takes joy Yeah. In their coach Being fired is a sicko. See ya. Doug Peterson. Adios bitch. So it was crazy. We're gonna get into more with Diana Rossini about it, but that was, I think the, the most shocking news was TR Balkey staying in Doug Peterson going, because TR Balki is a, he's a cockroach. He just sticks around for every, he has been the GM of two teams and he's now about to hire his sixth head coach.


And I looked it up, Trent Balkey as the GM of the Jacksonville Jaguars is 26 and 58. Or sorry, he started as like a, I think he was a senior player, personnel or whatever, and then became the gm. So his time in Jacksonville, 26 and 58, Doug Peterson's time in Jacksonville was 22 and 29. So Tr Balkey without Doug Peterson was four and 29, 22 And 29 sounds pretty good. Yeah, It does. And but, so Doug Peterson got fired, but tr Balkey didn't. Yep. And you separate those and you're like, wait a second. Now I'm not saying Doug Fisher should have kept his job, but it seems like the Jag should have hired both Of them. Yeah. So Trent Balkey, he was there for the 49 ERs. The, the Jim Harbaugh.


Jim Tomah days. Yep. I believe he hired Chip Kelly. He hired Jim Tomah. He hired Chip Kelly. Yep. And he was part of that whole scene where allegedly Harbaugh may have told some high up people when they walked into the room. Sorry, this room is for men only. Yes. And then that, you know, you know what he is really good at. He's really good at sitting next to the owner. Yeah. And being the one with the most face time around the owner. Even how he got the job in Jacksonville. He started as a, like I said, senior player personnel or something. And then they fired their GM and then he was like, I'll be the interim gm. And then after a while I was like, wait, I guess I'll just stick as the gm. Yeah. He just, he's, he's a survivor. Sitting Next to the owner during games is actually worth a lot in terms of job security.


And he's very good at that. Yeah. So that was the big news. Then the Giants also big news keeping both Dbol and Joe Shane crazy. I, I mean, I guess John merrier deserves credit for being a man of his word. I guess. So he, he also really kind of threw him under the bus while saying that he's keeping them. Yeah. He's like, this is one of the hardest decisions I've had to make. But we're not firing Him. And it's, it's a, it's a dumpster fired decision in this, in this respect. One, you have a gm, you, they both are on the Hot Seat, the hottest seat possible going into the season. So what is the GM gonna do? He's probably gonna spend as much money as he possibly can at in free agency. I think someone posted last night, like Getman spent the most money in his Hot Seat ear who was their GM after Getman.


Can't remember his name, but he spent the most money in his Hot Seat ear. And now you have the coach and GM in their Hot Seat ears. Gonna just try to spend as much money as possible and hope that that keeps their job. And also probably draft a quarterback and then maybe I would say that the pressure would be on them to play that quarterback on the early side. Yes. Rather than on the delayed side. Yes. So I I'm not saying that if they get, like Cam warden, he's great, they put him in too soon. But if they get Cam Ward or Shado or somebody like that and they wait around for, you know, four weeks into the regular season and he doesn't look great in practice, they're going to be more likely to be like, fuck it, let's just pull the emergency start rookie quarterback lever so that we can save our own job.


Correct. But I do think that Day Bowl, I think he's a, I I've changed a little bit as the course of this year went on, but I still think that he is a guy that can be a very good head coach. I agree with that. If He, if he had the right tools around him, they gotta do a lot of other stuff. Like the roster's not so great, but Yeah, they're gonna be sticking around. And, and Mr. Mera, I would have, I, I would feel so bad if I was, if I was the head coach and the owner gave a press conference being like, I know everybody in the world wanted me to fire this guy. Yeah. And I wanted to fire this guy, but I'm not gonna fire this guy. Yes, yes. By the way, was Jerry Reese before Gman? So he had a Hot Seat year where he went Max in the, in the free agency. I think they made the playoffs and Telman did the same.


So it's gonna be, they're gonna be all in. Also, I saw this, so Jordan Renan said, how rare is it for a coach to get another season after winning just three games in their third year? It's only happened twice since 1980. Bruce Coslet in 1999 and David, Dave Shula in 95, both with Cincy and both crashed out. Definitely a weird thing for year three. Like year one, three wins. You could keep your job. Year two, maybe even year three, three wins. Definitely. Usually is you're gone. I think They both made such an equal amount of mistakes that it was hard to pin most of the blame on one of them. It's kind of smart. It's very smart. They cover Each other's ass. So they're like, they can, if they both get a little bit better, then we're in a good spot.


Yeah. Yeah. But I can't identify which guy's the issue. And then the names are, are piling in for each job. The Bears are gonna hire or are gonna interview every single person ever. Michael McCarthy, David Shaw, Kafka, Robert Sah, The list just goes on and on. I did see an old friend though, memes. Are you excited for Matt Nay era in New York? He's just gonna interview. He is not, he's not the next coach. Yeah. Who Do what's wrong with talking to guys? Yeah. Who do you want? Because Ben Johnson is not going to the Jets or the Saints. 'cause he, those teams did not offer him an interview, which means he basically was like, don't even, don't even bother interviewing me. Ben Johnson would've been Adam Gates 2.0 on the, on the Jets.


Nice spin zone. That's good. A hundred percent. He's very, I don't like his attitude when it comes to taking meetings either. Yeah. I don't, I don't either. It's, it's kind of crazy. We got three three, we got two teams in the playoffs and three teams looking for new head coaches here on this podcast. So who do you want? Either Vrabel. Okay. I mean Hank just went like this. You, you sad, sad boy. Yeah. I mean, it's still possible. Aaron Glenn. Okay. Brian Flores. I'm sure Dolphins fans are probably like Yeah, take him. Yeah. But I Well I'll take him. That's pretty much it. Okay. Sounds like you're thinking about kidnapping. Like I'll take that guy.


Yeah. It doesn't seem like you're very enthused about this. I think You should want Rex Ryan. I think you should want Rex Ryan more than anything you've ever wanted because at the very least it's gonna be a fucking blast. Yeah. Yeah. But the end of the Rex Ryan days weren't great. Right. And I'm sure but the beginning were And what would you be doing when you hire him? You going back to the beginning. Back to the beginning. But he's old now. You don't know how he deals with the new players. He's he's thinner. He got the Rhino glasses Or whatever. We need fat. If, if Rex agrees to put on 200 pounds Fat Rex back. Yeah. Fat Rex. See, I'm in the, I'm the reverse. Mike McCarthy. If Mike McCarthy, if the Bears decide to hire Mike McCarthy, it has to come with Ozempic because Like, 'cause be the first person ever to move to Chicago and lose weight.


Yeah. He'd have to do it. He'd have to do it because I, I was talking with Eddie, our good friend, and he was like, he, he basically was like, I don't want Mike McCarthy because of the face he's gonna make. And I explained to him, well, there's no big jumbotron in Soldier Field, so at least he won't do that. But I agree. You gotta lose weight if you're Mike McCarthy. I want Mike McCarthy to, to the Bears just for Becausecause. You're, you're root you're rooting for my demise. No, not Not for your demise. Specifically torture. Because he's a good coach. Right. You know that The honesty is that Mike McCarthy, the Bears would be a disaster. I think he's, it would be funny to watch. I think he's, I tell you, I'm fine with people wanting to have Fun watching anyone. The bears would be a disaster. That's The reality. I think he's good Coach. Not A coordinator is not a proven good head coach. There's been many examples of stud offensive coordinators not working on his head coaches.


Mike McCarthy has at least proven himself as a head coach. Like you have a better chance are doing with Mike McCarthy than Ben Johnson. I'm not even joking about that. You'll at least be honest. You just wanna see my pain matter and Mike MCC makes it funny matter. But yeah, I think, I think honestly if I really wanna see your pain, Ben Johnson would be more painful because you'd get so much higher up and then when he sucked, you'd get, I'm never gonna, I'm never gonna higher than six outta 10. But that's a lie. Not a Pat Johnson. That. Not kidding. If I really wanted to take glee in your pain, I would root for Ron Rivera to the Bears. But I'm not. And I'm rooting for Michael Car. But you'd also love That. No, I actually, I don't think that I would, I don't think I would. You'd Find a way to Love it. No, because he's so nice and he'd probably stop in. Probably have to be nice to him again.


Yeah. That would be too close to us. If You get Ben Johnson, Six outta 10 You that, that's such a lie. That's such a lie. And you know it, Like, that's awesome. Good Job. So if you get Ben Ben Johnson, six outta 10, you get Mike McCarthy. Where are you at? Two, two outta 10. I'm Rooting for Mike now because I, I feel bad for the way he's been treated in Dallas. I mean, you got a raw deal. So You're, you, you'll be more excited than if you got, if you got Mike McCart, you're gonna be excited if you get Ben Johnson. I want you to get Ben Johnson just 'cause I wanna see Six outta 10. See you walk back this take. So if, if it sounds like they're gonna get Ben Johnson, then Big Cat gets to watch the rest of the playoffs and see every play and be like, oh fuck yeah, that's Mine.


Yeah. But it stays six outta 10. Hank, what are you, what are you guys gonna do? You got it set. Vrabel. Vrabel. It's just un you, you're just, you don't even have to worry about any of this. You Have a backup plan That's so annoying that you're just like, he's look at his Smile. Aren't you? A little bit, are you a little bit worried about Tom Brady? How, how much joy would it give Tom Brady the guy that demanded his release from the New England Patriots to then take their potential next coach and put 'em in Las Vegas? I don't, I think Tom Brady and Mr. Kraft have a good relationship. So I, I don't think it would give him that much joy. Like there's no, there's not bad blood. He's Not even thinking about anything Besides that. The release with the Patriots, that was a Brady Belichick thing.


Gimme A backup plan though for Boston, for New England. Probably Ben Johnson. Yeah. He's a UNC quarterback. Drake Mays, UNC quarterback. There's that connection. That's your backup is Ben. I would take Mike McCarthy proven winner. I I, I don't know a lot of ball, but I would rather take a proven head coach than a unproven coordinator. Okay. You are rolling the dice a little bit. Yeah. There's a lot that go, there's a lot that happens. But we we're getting A coach. Like it's not, it's, it's that you don't, You don't get practice for as an OC and he has the best guy ever to manage that team and be the leader of that team in Dan Campbell while he gets to try all his function. Josh McDaniels. Yeah. Hank Keeps saying this thing where it's like you've seen head coaches.


How often is it that a head coach goes to his third team and is more successful? Yeah. Because there's just as many instances as offensive coordinators. Good offensive coordinators being good. Yeah. And going to a new team as there are head coaches going to another team. Yeah. Your whole thing of like Yeah. Offensive coordinators going to a new team. Sometimes it doesn't work. Sometimes head coaches going to a new team also doesn't work. Yeah. Sometimes. What also like Andy Reed. What about Sean McVay? What about Kyle Shanahan? What about that was, what about Matt La Lare? That was the second, not his third. I know, but I said he, he just said going to a new team. Alright. Remove The remove, remove the Redskins and then, then, then let's do it again. Huh? Remove the entire Redskins coaching tree. Okay.


Like you just named one organization and that's just 'cause the Redskins are, we Build coaches. We, I Said Matt Lare Malore. He was on the team. He was On that team. I didn't know. Yeah. Say Kevin O'Connor, Kevin Stefanski coach the year twice. No big deal. I mean No, I mean that's, I'm talking, I'm basically just talking. John Harbo was a special teams coordinator. I'm basically just talking specifically about McDaniel's. That's, I'm obviously have a, a Patriot's bias. But that, that is how I see it. Just, you have to, you have to have already coached before. Sometimes it doesn't work. I'd rather take a proven winner. Okay. I mean I think it's probably the same. Like it's probably the same success rate proven winner. Doug Peterson.


Doug Peterson was a head coach that went to another team and did not work out for The second team Max. Let me give you one 'cause we'll, we'll adjust it now. We'll not go second team. We'll be John Fox. We'll go third team. Bill. Belichick, UNC. No, I mean, Oh, you're counting the Jets? Yeah. Browns, jets. Patriots. Okay. Third time's the charm. Yep. I guess Whatever. I don't want Mike McCarthy, but I'm probably gonna end up with him. Did you guys, I'm gonna end up with Brian Flores. They're interviewing a hundred people just so that Ryan Polls can hire the guy he played college football with. Did you guys see Jerry Jones on Landman? No. His acting job. What is Landman? It's a, it's a show. It's got like Billy Bob Thornton, John Ham in it. Okay. It's a crazy show. But Jerry had like a 92nd cameo.


Was it good? It was incredible. Whoa. Like this guy can fucking act. Whoa. He started to tear up and like have sniffles during it. He gave it a passionate speech. He out acted John Ham and Billy Bob Thornton in the same scene. Mm. That's what Jerry should be doing. Yeah. Be An actor. More time acting Jerry be an actor, Jerry. But it made me think Mike might be coming back. Like if this, the emotion that he was able to demonstrate He was, he was thinking about firing Mike McCarthy. He was talking about just life and family and having people around you that you care about deeply and it made like he meant it. Yeah. And obviously he feels that way about his son. But Yeah, it made me think, I think he's, he's not cut out for firing guys anymore.


Hmm. Yeah, he hasn't, he doesn't fire guys. Yeah. Jason Garrett was there for way too long. Do you guys wanna do some pressure talk? Who's got the most pressure? I also, I also did a rankings of which QB I'd want in this playoffs. I dunno if you guys wanted to pick apart my rankings or we could do it together. I could rip through it. You could tell me. I think you would like it. PFT. Okay. My rankings are Patrick Holmes. One. I don't Like it. Josh Allen two. Lamar Jackson. Three. Matthew Stafford. Four. Jared Goff. Five. Justin Herbert. Six Baker Mayfield. Seven Jayn. Daniels eight. Jalen Hertz nine. Jordan Love 10. Sam Darnold 11.


CJ Stroud. 12 Bo Nicks. And then Russell Wilson last. You're head of Jalen Hertz. That's a, it's a lot of, it's a lot of names to try to remember the exact order of 'em. But there's also difference between quarterback and quarterback in the system that they're currently in. Yeah. I'm Just saying which quarterback I want. I just want like who I trust. Yeah. It's my trust rankings I think. I think that's pretty, that's pretty good. Would you go any different than Patrick Mahome, Josh Allen, Lamar Jackson in your top three? Maybe not Lamar Trust in the playoffs, But based on how good Lamar's been this year. I Understand His interceptions aren't really interceptions. We could do a quick, we could do a quick snake draft of drafting the quarterbacks of quarterbacks.


Yeah, Let's do that. Alright. Hank, you ready? We'll do a three man draft because it's, there's, we each get four quarter, no wait, it's 14, right? Yeah. Yep. It's 14. So shit, that's a number that doesn't work in this. We could do two just left out. Two left out. Yeah. Okay. I like that. All right. That's the do not trust list. Hey, do you wanna start? No. Okay. PFT. Do you wanna start? Yeah, I'll start. All right. I'll take Patrick Mahomes. Okay. Good pick. Thank you. Good pick. I'll take Josh Allen. I'll take Jared Goff. And then you also have one coming back And I will take Laura Jackson.


Okay. I'll take Matthew Stafford. Mm. Super winner. Yeah. Okay. I will take Jaden Daniels Baker Mayfield. Mm. Okay. I will take Justin Herbert and Jalen Hertz. I will take Super Bowl winner Russell Wilson. Oh wait, no, I only have one. Sorry. Justin Herbert. I dunno why I picked two there. That was really stupid. Justin Herbert. Jalen Herz. Okay.


Super winner. You pick him. Did you just take Jalen Hurts? Yeah, I, I took two by accident. Justin Herbert was my pick. This is, we're doing a great job. And Russell Wilson. Okay. Okay. My last pick. CJ Stroud. I kind of wanted to take Sam Donald's. Damn. Seems like You guys do I get a last pick? You guys certainly have the pick at my last pick. What's our type? Well, I wasn't gonna take Jordan Love. I'm gonna go Malik Willis. Mm. Good Pick. No. Can I change it? Yeah. Tanner McKee. Mm. Malik Willis and Tanner McKee. Yeah. Malik Malik McKee. Well put it up for Vote.


Blind Vote and Loser has to do an hour standup. Nope. Loser has to go to a bachelor party. Yes. Yeah. Okay. You wanna talk pressure rankings or who's under the most pressure? I have a few that I want. I, I had listed. I've got, I've got a one one and it might be different from what you had talked about. Alright, so give gimme your one One. My one one is Sean McDermott. Mm. Okay. Okay. Are We doing individuals or teams? It's, it could be individuals and teams, but I, I make your case for Sean McDermott 'cause I have a different coach that I think might have more pressure. Okay. Because Sha because Josh Allen has been an alien this year. Yeah. He's been incredible. It's his best year ever. He might win the MVP and he's probably going to be incredible in the Playoffs again because Josh plays very well in the playoffs.


The playoff losses. You can look at all of them and say, that's not really on Josh. Yeah. Like he played out, he played good enough to win 99.9% of games. He played two perfect playoff games the year that they lost the chiefs in the 13 seconds. Right. So who gets the blame for those losses? Sean McDermott? I think deservedly, I don't think that, obviously there's a narrative out there because he wants to beat Mahomes. He wants to say, okay, I'm the guy in the A FC, I can lead my team to Super Bowl. I get that. But in reality it's a lot more on his head coach than it is on him. Yeah. And McDermott, I I thought this after the Heartbreaking loss last year. And it would be shocking if it happened, but if they get bounced in a terrible fashion again, I wouldn't be surprised if the Bills moved on from McDermott.


Even though he's been a great coach for him. He turned the entire franchise around along with Josh. But at some point these win or these losses add up. Yeah. And you just, you become that guy and then it breaks your brain and you spend all your time thinking about how to get over this one little hump and then things just fall apart. It's a good point. I don't know if they'd fire, I don't know if they'd fire my coach that I picked, but it's kind of similar vein. I think Mike Tomlin has a ton of pressure because Mike Tomlin, he hasn't won a playoff game since 2016. Yeah. And if you look at his playoff record, 'cause he's been in Pittsburgh in forever, his first four years in Pittsburgh, he was five and two in the playoffs, including a Super Bowl.


And his last 14 years in Pittsburgh, he's three and eight. So it's not been good. And I think the way this season has ended, I know he, there was some murmurings last year, like I don't think Mike Tom gonna get fired, but this is just another year where it's like, hey, you can't, like, you have not won a playoff game then we're gonna be going on almost a decade of you not winning a playoff game. What's going on here? We're Pittsburgh, we're the Steelers. We need to win playoff games. Yeah. So that was my coach. And also I think Russell Wilson, there's two guys that are under pressure in terms of money. Yes. Russell Wilson and Sam. Darn. Sam. Sam Darnell was gonna be my next pick. Yeah. Because the, the difference in how much money he's going to make next year based on how he performs in the playoffs is there's probably a hundred million dollar difference.


Yes. Yes. If He, if he stinks, he could get franchise tagged. He could get picked up and signed for some team. If he hits the open market, some team will overpay for him. So it probably won't be in the 25 to $30 million range. Yeah. They'll probably pay like a little bit more. But if he plays really, really well in the Playoffs now we're talking about like $150 million. Yes. 175, 200 million The way quarterbacks get paid, you don't know. So this is like, it's a hundred million dollars difference based strictly on how he plays, I would say, in the next two games. And like, it, it, it, you know, you can't just take a small sample size. But that's, this is also the reality of it. Like the game on Sunday was, you know, a very consequential game playoff atmosphere.


If he comes out and has a dud in the actual playoffs, that's two pressure games where you're like, what just happened? Yeah. And the most recent games you've seen. Right, Right. And yeah, so Sam, Donald and Russ, I think Russ is the same way. If Russ comes out and he's just awful again, like who's gonna sign him? Yeah. No one, no One's gonna sign them. As for the quarterbacks, I had a little pushback when I said it on Sunday from people online, but I do think Lamar is under more pressure than Josh Allen. And that's because something that you said, Josh Allen has not been the reason why the bills have lost in the playoffs. He's been an absolute alien. He's 24 touchdowns, four interceptions. He had those games, the chief's game, he played perfect.


They, their defense couldn't get a stop in 13 seconds. Lamar Lamar's two and four in the playoffs and he is had some really good teams and he is had some years where, I mean his, his qb his passer rating is 75 in the playoffs. He's had interceptions, he's had, I looked it up last night, four outta six of the games. He has not gone over 200 yards. Two of those games, like the, the other two were catch up games. Remember the game when they were the one seat against the Titans and he was just throwing the entire second half and then last year when they were down against the chiefs. I think there's just a lot of pressure on the mar just because this is, you gotta like another insane season If they get bounced by the Steelers especially, it's like, what is going on here?


Yeah. I I actually agree with that. I disagreed with you I think on Sunday and thought that it was mostly on Josh. But that's, that's a good point. Yeah. I think that Lamar is, yeah. Especially the season he has, especially if he wins MVP. Like if you, if you lose in the playoff, if you're Josh or Lamar and you lose early on in the playoffs, you probably don't wanna win MVP. Right? Yeah. You're like, Yeah, plea. Maybe Josh Hasn't got one. Maybe Josh hasn't got one. Yeah. But if you're Lamar you're like, oh, well I got a third one. But again, it, it almost serves to like magnify your playoff losses. Right. And, and, and Josh definitely has pressure on it. The bills have pressure on it. Sean McDermott, like you said, it's just that if you look at both of their, those guys and what they've done in the playoffs, and obviously it's not all on the quarterback, but that is how it works, is if the quarterback doesn't elevate their game, Josh's elevated his game in the playoffs.


Lamar has not. So Lamar has to do that this year because this is like, if, if not now, when the good news is, have you guys seen that? I believe it is every 12 years the Ravens win the Super Bowl. Yeah. And it's always with a 28-year-old quarterback. And Lamar is 28. So Trent Dilfer won it in 2002 as a 28-year-old quarterback. The Joe Flacco won it as a 28 quarter, 28-year-old quarterback in whatever year that would be. Do I have, oh no. Flaco won in 2012. T Trent Fer won it in 2000. Yeah. Flaco won it in 2012. And it's 2024. Yeah. All 28-year-old quarterbacks. All right. So we've got, we've got right now a sample size of two for that.


Correct. But this would fulfill the pattern Significant sample size. It's like 17 years from now there'll be another darts champion. Yeah. Because that's how the prophecy's been for tools. How sick would that be if someone was just guaranteed like, Hey, every 12 years you can win a Super Bowl. I can wait that for That long. I would easily take that. Easily take It. That's about when you would get restless for the next one. You Kidding me? Yeah. The second, I think Cam Dicker, the kicker for the Chargers has a lot of pressure on it. Just because Harbaugh Yes. If you blow a kick and you should Justin Herbert would be my actual Pick. Yeah. Justin Herbert also the kicker for the Vikings Will will Riker. He's got a lot of pressure on Him. Yeah. But Herbert Herbert definitely has pressure. He's got pressure. They were beating the Jaguars at one point, but the narrative will be out there that you can't win the playoffs.


Yeah. Even though he's a very good quarterback. Also fun. I just found this out yesterday game in Houston, the annual wild card game there. You know who's leading the Texans out onto the field? Who? Arian Foster. Oh yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. So that's awesome. I don't know if that's good or bad for the Texans. I think it's good. I think it's good. Is he wearing the jacket? I need to get in touch with him. They they want No, they lost that. They lost it. They got fucking Killed. They lost. That was JJ Watt's jacket. It was his idea. But yeah, Arian Foster will be leading the Houston Texans onto the field for this playoff game. So Guy Rocks, I'm pumped for him. But yeah, in this game I would say there is some pressure on CJ Stroud, but, but not nearly to the extent of Herbert And CJ Stroud also has the, as weird as it is in the Texans going into the season where Dark Horse Super Bowl, and it looks like it's, that's not gonna happen with the amount of injuries they've had on offense.


And CJ Sra just having not a very good year overall. It can be like, hey, even you could tell yourself even his floor is playoffs. Yep. So we're gonna be okay. And yeah, there's gravy teams, there's team. I mean the commanders, I actually think the commanders are gonna win on Sunday night. We'll, we'll talk, we'll do all of our picks and and analysis on Friday. But the commanders, you know, everything's gravy. The, the Broncos, everything's gravy. I even think the Chargers, Justin Herbert has pressure on 'em, but this was a lot quicker to get to the playoffs than they might've expected. Yep. So it's a little bit of a gravy. The Rams, like I, you gotta Matthew Savage getting old. But that was another one where they had a bad year last year and they were able to flip it pretty quickly.


And then the other two pressure teams I had, one was the Packers. That was simply because like there's word out that maybe the bears broke the Packers. So the blueprint Copy that League. Yeah. I, I hope that's not the case. 'cause I want to have, I, I don't want to just be one of those teams that just beats their rival all the time. And that's unfortunately so far this year, that's exactly what's happened. Sometimes You see that happen, but the opposite way. Yeah. Like this might be a, a Michigan, Ohio State thing Yeah. Where you beat them and then they get, now they get really, really Good. Yeah. But they, they can't, they literally can't beat us as of recently. So I'm, I'm Packers have pressure 'cause that we might have just broken him. And then the Eagles, Nick Siri's got some pressure. I actually don't think he has as much pressure as he did in the beginning of the season.


You think he has just as much? No, I agree. I'm saying I am nodding in agreement. So what's the pressure count on, on, on Nick Sirianni? Like is if you guys flame out, what, what happens? I mean, nothing. Nothing. So he Might not even be, he's not Gonna get, he's not gonna get fired, but, So he might not even be under pressure. I mean, it's still pressure from, there's always pressure from the city to win. Yeah. And you, the team is, so this is the most talented Eagles team that I've ever seen. I think. Whoa, whoa. Of all time. Shot at Ja. Shot at Jason Kelsey. No, I think most, most People who by the way has another show. Shout out.


I watch the whole thing. Good show. Of course you did. Yep. What's Your favorite part? I liked when you watched the whole thing. He had a, yeah, no, he had a nice panel. He had Lil Dickie, Charles Barkley and Baldy on it. Our guys, I I liked when they, they were just, there was, there was a couple bits that they did in the Be beginning. Your favorite part was the other people? Yeah. That's what's, no, they did like a, I liked when they were just talking ball. Okay. I didn't, I I wasn't a fan of, they did a, a lot of bits that I wasn't a fan of, but I did like when they sat down Called. Okay. So you liked Charles Barkley and then you didn't like the bits? I I loved the whole show. I thought it was Great. Yeah, me too. You Asked me my opinion. My favorite, my Favorite part was when it was just Jason.


No. When it was Jason and his wife. Yeah. Yeah. That was awesome. His wife was great. Yeah. Queen. She has a name. Kylie. Yeah. Queen. Queen. Queen Kylie. What, what are you doing? Oh, Alright. So not a lot of pressure on her. Nick Sirianni. I mean, there's just pressure to win in Philadelphia, but there's no job, there's no job pressure if that's what you're asking. Right, Right. Okay. I Do You think there's any job pressure for Kevin O'Connell? No, I so Not, not in the sense of he'll be fired, but kind of in the sense of this is he's getting a new contract. He's Getting a new contract. I don't think so. I I obviously saw that the, the Kevin O'Connell could be traded report that to me, just I assumed was his agent writing that, you know, telling someone, Hey, can you report this?


Because we wanna put some pressure on the Vikings to actually sign this guy for what he deserves. It'd be insane if you, if you're the Vikings and you traded Kevin O'Connell. Yeah. So I don't, I I don't think he has that type. I think they're gonna give him a lot of money no matter what The, I think that there might be some truth to what you just said because he was upset that he didn't get a contract extension earlier. Right. And so he's like telling his agent, yeah, it's okay if you Leak this. Yeah. Make some, make some noise for this. Because there are probably some teams that would line up to trade for him. Yeah. Now I, the, the last one I had was the Lions. If Ben Johnson accepts a job, I don't know if he'd accept a job while they're still in the playoffs, but he might like, I dunno how that would work.


I do. So I do think that there is some pressure on, on the Lions. Yeah. There is. Well, you might lose both your coordinators. You might. So you never know how long that's going to, you know, it is not that the lions will all of a sudden be bad, but any team that has success and loses talented people in the organization, it makes it a little bit more difficult to get back there the next Year. And if Dan Campbell, if he makes one of his super aggressive decisions and it doesn't work out for him, then there's a lot of pressure on Dan Campbell. Yeah. Then people start talking. Yeah. But he is like, he will make super aggressive decisions. A hundred percent. That's what's going to happen. And he's a winner. He's a winner. He's a winner. Did you see the post game video? It was awesome. In the locker room.


Awesome. When I grow up, I wanna play football for Dan Campbell. Yeah. This is like all roads through Detroit. Like all the, the entire thing was, you understand why those guys will just do anything for him and why Alex Sansone will rush back with, you know, a broken arm and they'll, they die for Him. That quote from, what was their quarterback's name? The guy that said they tried to bury me, but you can't bury what came from dirt. Yeah. That's Great. Great quote. Yeah. Great quote. I'm just excited for the playoffs. This is one of my favorite weekends of the year. Excited to get into it. We're gonna, we're gonna break down each game on Friday show, but it was good to set the stage. I'm also just excited not to, I'm sure memes you agree Just to not have our teams playing to, to make football look worse.


It's nice to watch some good teams play. Are you feel, where's your, where's your confidence at right now? PFT midweek? It's actually pretty high. Okay. Like, I, I agree. So sometime memes gets pissed at me for not being as like super confident about my team as I should be. But I feel like I'm also realistic also. These are, this is the result of decades of scars of being disappointed by my team. Where I think most normal people, they, they take that forward and they are less likely to get excited about things. Memes is not a normal person. No. So he's just like, yeah, jets will be great next week. I I think that we have a very good chance against Todd Bowles and the Bucks Defense. I'm now back big time thinking that Jaden Daniels is gonna put on a crazy display where I'm talking.


I think he's gonna run all over the bucks. Ooh, that's, and I know they have a good rush defense, but I think I know what Todd Bowles is gonna do. I think I'm one step ahead of Todd Bowl. Hell, yes. That's gotta Feel good and I've got an answer for it. That's Gotta feel good to know you're, it's Tuesday and you're already one step ahead. I've got the game plan and guess what? I've got an answer for it. I like, I I, when we do our picks, I, I like the commanders in this game. I I like 'em too. But again, like you mentioned, it's a really no risk. Yeah. It's a free roll. Yeah. Where if we lose in the playoffs still great. 10 outta 10 seasons. You just Don't wanna look bad. Yeah. I, I don't wanna look bad and I would like to see Jayden play well in the playoffs. I would like to see Dan Quinn make good decisions during games.


Yeah. And I would like to see some, some spark out of a run game. It's Also a win no matter what. Just because there's always like so many bad stats about rookie quarterbacks making their first start. Yeah. Or, or just guys making their first start in the playoffs and you get this one outta the way as early as possible. Yeah. I mean, Jayden, he luckily he played in big games in the SEC back when the SEC used to mean something back in the day. But I think, yeah, I'm, I'm confident we'll talk more on Friday, but yeah, I'm, I'm gonna bet on the Commanders for like, the first time in a very, very long time. I usually stay away from those games. Ooh. And I've got, I've got a little parlay cooking too. I, I like it. Alright, let's do Hot Seat.


Cool.


Hot Seat. Cools. Brought to you by our friends at Gametime. It's football season. You wanna pull up tickets for the game in Tampa Bay? Yeah. It's football season. We can't wait to get out some games. The help of Gametime it's playoff season. The official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime Picks feature. They're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Looking at tickets for Bucks Commanders Sunday Night Football Bucks Commanders Sunday Night Football, pulling it up on Gametime. Right now it looks like the get in price is a $102. Ooh. To get in, they've got some sweet lower level end zone seats. 216 bucks. That's the super deal they have there. I actually might buy Commanders' NFC championship game tickets. Mm. Just in case it's Commanders Packers. Mm. $2,000 a pop right now. I like that. And then give them away. I Like That. Wow. There's no chance I'd be allowed to go to, you Know what I'll match. You wanna match? Yeah. I'll match. You wanna get tickets? They get refunded if Yeah, no, I know it doesn't happen. I know I'll match. Okay. I'm not gonna buy 'em till it happens, but I'm matching. Okay. I think I'll, I'll buy the tickets and then I gotta, I gotta figure out who I'll give them away to. Yeah. We'll find someone. You know what, in the spirit of bipartisanship, I will give them away to Donald Trump and Joe Biden. I love that. If they would like to attend together and send a strong message to America that all politicians are great. Yes. No, I, I want, I'll give my two away to just anyone who's not a Packers fan. 'cause I don't want Packers fans taking over Rajo. I love that. Yes. Alright, so buy the tickets of Gametime. Just pull up your chosen event. Turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deal near you or are on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? Go buy those tickets now. Download the Gametime app and use code PMT to easily score great deals of new Gametime picks. What time is it Gametime?


We're also brought to you by our friends at Planet Fitness. Start the Year Strong Planet Fitness offers high value memberships that support any fitness journey. A judgment free environment where you're free to get strong your way on your time. Feel your strongest best self. The best in class equipment for a full workout. From strength training to cardio, to stretching brand new plate loaded machines like Hack Squat and Supine Bench. Planet Fitness has the same high quality best in class equipment as other more expensive gyms. Their classic membership is just $15 a month. We have our Planet Fitness in the corner of our court now. It's elite. It's awesome. So we get the full gym. We love Planet Fitness Hours, amenities and offers vary by club. Check out planet fitness.com or stop by your local club For more information. Must be 18 years old to enroll, or 13 to 17 with parent or guardian. We're all strong on this planet. Join today In Club online or in the Free Planet Fitness app.


Hank Hot Seat. Rum. Hot Seat. Yeah. I mean, you said that we, we have the gym now. We also have an in-house golf instructor. So I was thinking about it earlier and everything, everything. Everything's come together in this office. I've Fixed my golf shot. Yep. People are not gonna like the new one. I would like to hire a long drive coach. Ooh, I Like that. Kyle Berkshire, if you're out there. Yeah. Kyle, let's do a video together. Well, He's out there. Yeah. Well, if he's listening. Not hank. Not right now. Hank, you're trying to interfere with my training right now. Hank, How do you think people are gonna respond to my new golf shot? If it's, if it is good, I, I literally walked up and tested it today and I hid it four feet from the pin from a hundred yards out. How do you think people are gonna respond to it though?


Listen, people online hate. There's no perfect golf swing. Tiger Woods could post a swing and people online would be like, blah. But you just gotta do what works for you and that swing works for you. Okay. Even though it's a drill. I Haven't seen it yet. It's, he got told to do a drill and Yeah. He just had my swing. Me showed me a drill where you just put all your weight on the front foot and you put your back foot all the way back. Yeah. And that's just my new swing. I like that. Like a, like a closed stance in baseball. Yeah. My Hot Seat are North Koreans. Oh. Oh, you actually took mine. Hank. Yeah. Oh. But good pick. But yeah, if you were thinking about, you know, maybe moving to North Korea, you heard some good things. I don't think anyone, You might wanna rethink it. 'cause North Korea has banned eating hot dogs.


Oh, I'm out. Yeah. Yeah. Cooking and selling hot dogs as part of a crack down on Western culture infiltrating the hermit kingdom. Yeah. They, they crack down on some other stuff too, besides just hot dogs. You can't wear jeans. No leather jackets. That's fine. That's fine. Okay. No microwaves. Okay. Air fryers Or the Air fryers. I don't see air fryers on here. No weed, Hank. Ooh. They probably already list. That's fine. Actually. That's fine. That's fine. Yeah. You Quit. Yeah. After A panic attack. No slang. Yeah. No Slang. No slang. That's actually good for us. Yeah. That is. No, no Slang Porn. No porn. But I think that was already a rule. Okay. That's why the North Korean soldiers that went to Russia and fought against the Ukrainian, they all kind of just kind of went away because they got addicted to porn.


Yeah. Yeah. Which is pretty cool. Okay. That was your But no Hot hotdogs. No hot dogs is a deal breaker for me. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's my Hot Seat. My cool throne is wwe. Yeah. They are on Netflix now. I'm not a, you know, WWE guy. I think you guys were more wrestling people when you were younger. I was not, but I mean, Netflix is the answer. Getting anything on Netflix. Like I went on Netflix last night to watch something else and I saw wwe. I was like, I'll watch this for a little bit. I I, that's never happened. Yeah. I've been on TV a million times, I've scrolled past it. Never watched it, but it was like open Netflix, WWE EI was like, oh, what's this about? And I realized They just own everything. Yeah. They own our eyeballs.


But that's gotta be great. It's gotta be great for ne for wwe. Yes. Yeah. Yes. And I heard it was awesome. Did you, did you enjoy it? Yeah, I mean it was, I watched it for like 20 minutes and then turned on Dune. Okay. What's your favorite part? The, the panel. The promo? Yeah. A couple great promos. Cody Rhodes, I think The Rock that was our wrestling talk. Yeah. I've never, I've never wrestled My, my Hot Seat is meth streams. Mm mm The site we all love and have agreed silently to not discuss on the show because you don't wanna talk about meth streams 'cause you'll get taken down. It was a big part of, I'd say my entire twenties first crack streams.


Then it was meth streams and the sites have been taken down and there's a note on there that says I, I believe it's from the owner of the site. I'll be taking a break from live streaming. Reminder that the only domains in which I operate are meth streams and crack screams. Mm. So no more meth, no more crack. Is there, why did this happen? This guy, this guy made so many people happy by having this website. Did he just get bought out? FCC? Yeah. Yeah. Or the fbi. I, Dana White showed up to his house and fucking beat him up. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. This sucks. It's a very, very sad day and Very sad day. As I always loved the chat on the side of these streams Trying to trick you. That's where you got the real Oh yeah. Yeah. I was actually, I was watching, I was watching the CAPS game yesterday and for a second I had to pull up the score app and I just went over to the chat and every single comment in the chat on the score app was tie game.


Yeah. Like people that were like, I'm at the game. They just scored. Yeah. That's Elio. It's Elio's in there. It's it's awesome. He does that. He's a troll in the, in the score app. It was very, very funny. Then my cool throne is MAs bets. They're back on. This is the time of year in playoff season where the MAs come outta the closet and they just make a bunch of bets with each other. It's always for the dorkiest shit that they send back and forth. But this time the mayor's bet is actually between JD Vance and Ted Cruz. Okay. For the UT Ohio State game. Ah. So Ted Cruz says, Hey, JD Vance care for a wager loser brings beer and food from his home state and delivers it wearing the winning jersey. And then JD Vance says, alright, which Texas ice cream should I have Ted bring when the Buckeyes win?


It's just me be season. Wow. And they're always quirky. The stakes couldn't be higher. Can't wait for this. Yeah. Also, shout out, fuck you to Aftab pur all the mayor of Cincinnati. He still owes me a case of Skyline Chili. He Also, they don't Pay up on that shit. But I'm waiting for my case of Skyline. Aftab Didn't, it wasn't, haven't the Bengals not been in the Playoffs since he got all cocky Since Travis Kel called him a gioni. Yeah, I think it's been a while. Well they were. Yeah. They weren't. No, they they, their last playoff game was a loss to the chiefs. Yeah. In the a FC championship game. I think there's an Aftab curse. Yeah. Until, until you send me my skyline. You're never gonna make the playoffs buddy.


Yeah. Okay. My Hot Seat is concussion protocol. Oh, why Jalen? Her's still in it. But isn't that cool throwing concussion protocol? 'cause they're taking good care of him. That's true. Good point. I, I'm nervous. It's crazy. Chefy tweeted that when he didn't even have the concussion test that day. Correct. Yeah. It's crazy. He literally could Not have been out of concussion protocol yesterday. It's crazy because I needed that tweet to have this. You're you're, I mean it's crazy. I told PFT my panic level was at a four out of 10 yesterday. It's at a two, it's down to a two out of 10. Oh. The tweet made it go okay to Two. Well then a lot of people, 'cause I got it, I got worried and then a lot of people were like, he literally cannot be out of concussion protocol until Wednesday.


So yes, that is technically correct, but you won't, we won't know anything until Thursday because he has to practice a full day and then the next day wake up with no symptoms and then you're out. Sounds like we're running outta time. So if you practice his Wednesday, You want him to play I know. I do. Like this is what I'm saying. I Want you to respect concussion Protocol. This doesn't work. Yes it does. This doesn't work. I want him to play. Let you like the Packers. No, I want him to play Big Cat. But I want want, I want you, I want you to acknowledge that it's a concern. It's not until Thursday. Okay. Wait. That's not, you told me yesterday was a concern, But that's because I didn't know the rules.


But No, sorry, sorry. I was concerned of my stupidness. You should be more concerned. Max kinda has a point. I I been concerned. No, but he's whatcha You talking about? No, this is, I'm the one who's concerned. I'm saying get him outta concussion protocol hack. Dan. This is crazy. I know how the concussion protocol, you don't respect it. I do. Part of you wants him to not play. No, no. Absolutely not. That's 'cause if the Packers win that game, then I got popped. Pft. Look At pf t's face. I I mean There is A part. No, I'm not saying it's a fake part. No, there's zero part wouldn't Be trolling this hard. There's Zero part. You got some joy outta the concussion protocol too. I told yes. I told you on Sunday. I wanted one more. More one more day and then I need him out.


So what happens on like, what, what would happen on Thursday? Are we getting an Update today? A problem? No, that's, there's no update Until We're still not in problem territory. You, you can't get out of concussion protocol until you practice a full day. Correct. And then wake up the next Day. If he's in concussion protocol on Thursday max, I will be more concerned than You. They're not practicing today or tomorrow. Wednesday is their first practice. I'll be very upset if he's not out tomorrow. Oh, correct. Yeah, yeah. Whatever. And today, when the show comes out, I told you my timeline. I have a timeline for the concussion protocol. I mean, no, you're packer Dan. That's fine. No, I'm not. I have a timeline. My timeline has expired after today. I said it this to you on Sunday. I know. I wanted one more day. And Chefy doing that tweet was awesome and crazy.


It's, I mean it was just absolute rage, babe. That's all it. I mean Whatever's. How long has it been? I think he did that. I think he did that tweet just for you. Maybe. Has it been what, 12 days? I don't know. It's been a long time. Gosh, your protocol's bad. Like I care about him as a person first and foremost. Yeah, Me too. Is Jordan Love. Okay. I you say he is like the 10th best quarterback in the playoffs. Oh, that was trust. It was trust rankings. Yeah, Because I, I did not, I did not. All of the Quarterbacks ahead of him have played good, good Super Bowl games. Right. What? Jalen Hurts nine. I had him Nine. Yeah. Ahead of Jordan. Love.


Call me Pack in again. Jordan Love Stinks. Also, me, Big Cat and Hank each took four guys. So the, the least we could have him as number four True On our personal rosters. Yeah. Yeah. No, I, I was speaking Of Big Cat. I had him, He said had nine. He had him at nine. Okay. Well that's because he's in the concussion protocol. You fucking idiot. My hor is fart coin Farco. If you bought fart coin a month ago, you outperformed the entire stock market since 1869. So we're Is it at the moon? I It must be at the moon. I don't know. I'm pissed that I missed the fart coin. Are we in a fart bubble right now? Farco. I'm an idiot. How long has Farco been around?


1869. Okay. The wait, the, the market cap on fart coin is $1.2 billion. Love It. Fart coin's going crazy. I might get in on, on Hawk to a coin. Oh, I feel like that's gonna pop. Not by The dip. That's gonna pop By. The dip is, she's just gone. No, she was back. She closed. She was asleep. She was Asleep. She, no, no picture of her came out. She was just chilling on the beach. Oh. Rocking. $2,000 swimsuit. Oh yeah. Nice Respect. Good for her. Okay, let's get to our interviews. We've got Diana Rossini. We're gonna talk some Black Monday. Coach Firings, Hirings coming up. And then we have Brandon Walker, our college football expert talking about the college football playoffs.


Before we get to Diana Rossini, she's brought to you by Experian. For the Awls who really know us, you know how responsible we are with our money. The secret reason we have so much to gamble is because Experian helps us save money across our other purchases league rights. They're getting outta hand. We have to subscribe to way too many streaming services so we can watch every key game. And that's where Experian comes in. They'll find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions for you so you don't have to worry about paying for services you forgot about. You can also have Experian negotiate your bills like cable, internet, or cell phone, and you keep all the savings all round. Experian does the work so you can save money. It's a one stop shop for your financial health. Download the app today. Results will vary. Savings are not guaranteed, and some may not see any savings. Not all bills or subscriptions are eligible for negotiation or cancellation. An eligible paid membership is required. Download the Experian app and see how much you could save today.


Diane is also brought to you by our friends at Kevin's Natural Foods. We got a bunch of Kevin's natural foods sent to us. It was delicious. Their coconut chicken soup, one of the best soups that I've ever had. The general SO'S chicken stir fry is incredible. If you want a delicious protein packed meal on the table in five minutes, Kevin's natural foods heat and serve entrees are your MVP. They're clean, nutritious meals. They taste like something you get at a restaurant. Kevin's entrees include fully cooked, antibiotic free beef or chicken and incredible sauces. So all you need to do is heat and eat. Plus, they're free from refined sugar, gluten and soy, making them the perfect mealtime solution for anyone looking to fuel up without sacrificing flavor. It's hard to believe something This tasty can be ready this fast. Skip the greasy takeout. Grab Kevin's natural Foods instead. It's the perfect mealtime hack when you're too busy to cook and you want healthy food and you won't regret it later. Kick off 2025 with Kevin's and make it your healthiest and tastiest year yet. Find Kevin's Natural Foods in the refrigerated section of your local grocer.


And now here's Diana Rossini. Okay, we now welcome on our very good friend. It is Diana Rossini, senior NFL Reporter for the Athletic. You can find her on the Athletic also Scoop City podcast. She does very good. She has her ear to the streets of all the NFL coaching and GM Hirings and firings. So Black Monday's done. I'll start with this. Diana, what was the most shocking thing that happened on Black Monday that you league-wide, you were just like, everyone's confused as to why this occurred. Yeah, it was less about the firings and more about who was being retained.


Yeah, like I would say from the, like let's just start with the firing category. I'm shocked the Patriots really did it. There was a lot of chatter about it, but I can't believe they really pulled the trigger. But in terms of those that were retaining, like I can't believe the giants kept Joe Shane and Brian Abel. I cannot believe it. From everything we saw in hard knocks to obviously Saquon Barkley having the most ridiculous season to the Mess with Daniel Jones to winning just three games. All of the drama in New York, just, it just seemed like this was the time this isn't working. And, and just even from things, I know this isn't working, but John Mars sticking with his words that he said in October, which was that he didn't want any change yet.


Did you hear him talking about retaining them? Like it's like painful for him? Yeah. Yeah. It's saying that he like, these guys are gonna have to win every game, otherwise they're going to be walking up the field going, am I getting fired today? And I just think it's a really, they're being put in a really, really hard spot. And in Jacksonville too, with gm, Brent Trent, bulky, I think that one was pretty surprising. A lot of people thought he'd be out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And with Doug Peterson being gone, and it, it shocked me to find this out yesterday. Our good friend Uncle Chap sent me a very sad Jaguar stat that Doug Peterson actually has the third best winning percentage of all time for the Jaguars and the history of their franchise. And so Balkey sticks around.


He's a survivor. You can't get rid of that guy. What does that mean for the Jags coaching search? Does that make it like, which, which coaches do you think would be less likely to work with a guy like Trent? Bill Belichick. Yeah. Yeah. Jim Harbaugh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good one. Look, I think that job is actually more coveted than you'd realize. You know, when you take a look big picture, I would say, let's just put it in order. I'd go Patriots, bears Jags in terms of openings of what coaches I know that I've been talking to want, and the Jags roster with Trevor Lawrence.


There's not this belief around the league that Trevor Lawrence is not the guy. Right. Even though he hasn't been great. Every coach wants a quarterback. You have to go to a place to have success that has a quarterback in place that's decent and that that can win you games. And, and those are those three teams, which is why everyone is trying to get those interviews. And you see everyone is off running. But the Trent bulky situation is, is to me that just, I read it as the owner doesn't wanna go through the process of searching. Yeah. For a head coach without some guidance. These guys are not football guys. They don't know. Look at the Jets. They hired a search firm of people they fired just to do it so they didn't have to. Right, Right. That sounded mean, that sounded like that was targeted at, at memes.


That me sounds, yeah. Did you mean to target that at memes? Be honest. No. I look, I don't like memes, but I don't not like, like I like the Jets. Yeah. It would be, It would be. That's, I don't know about that. No, it'd be good for you. I think if the Jets were, were good. Right? People Don't know this. I grew up a Jets fan. Oh, they, I live Here. It'd be your own people. It'd be your own people like that. I, I wanna do see them be successful, but it's the same story over. And memes, you feel this and, and you're a lot younger than me, so you don't, your pain is different than mine. And mine is much worse. They've been making these mistakes that are so ridiculous every single year.


And it just seems like they can't get out out of their own way as, as you guys know and have been following all the reporting. Yeah. So let's, let's talk about the Jets. So Mike Greenberg got an interview to be the GM for the Jets. That sounds like a dream job for him, but who are you hearing in terms of their, their coaching options right now? Well, last week they had Ron Rivera in the building and Mike Vrabel in the building at Florham Park with, with the team out practicing at the same time. Just wild. But that's what they chose to do. They're casting a very, very wide net as you're seeing, almost, almost to a point where I wonder if Mike Tana bomb's getting paid per interview. It's just like every, I'm sure you guys were following along yesterday.


Yeah. How many slips went, I, I must have typed the word jets 50 times yesterday in terms of, you know, coaches that, that are going to be taking and general managers interviews with them. Look, I think Aaron Glenn, Brian Flores, Brian Greasy, Arthur Smith, Joe Brady, I mean, Matt Na basically Matt Naggie. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Matt NA's gonna to get a job. Yeah. I think in this cycle he's getting a lot of love by the scenes from teams. And I, I think, I think Nagy was, I think the best move he made was to go back to Kansas City, sort of reset, figure out where he messed up, but what mistakes he made.


Get that confidence back up by being around the, you know, the greatest to do it. And, and he's ready to go. So I'm interested to see what his staff is gonna look like. 'cause that's obviously gonna be an important element in all this. Yeah. Yeah. That, is that an unusual thing to do, to have two coaches that are interviewing for your job go out and, and watch practice at the same time? Yes. That is Weird. It's very weird. You, it's also like, like look at the Bears, right? They technically could have had Ron Rivera, Mike Vrabel come in last week, you know, they had that ability to do it. Right. They chose not to do it because, well, first of all, the Chicago Bears, their first round of interviews are all virtual.


Okay. So you're not like Mike Bel and Ron Rivera are not flying in there. Not Ron's not going there, by the way. Yeah. But everything's virtual first. And then through those virtual interviews, then they're gonna pick the guys for their, for, for the next round to come in to, to meet in person. See, and obviously the Bears don't think Mike Vrabel is too big to interview. Yeah, yeah. That's, he should like Guys, I, I, no, no. What No, you reported that I, I was amplifying your reporting. We've done this, we've done this so many times and it's So how Big is too big Annoying? If he lost 20 pounds, would he get a job? Okay.


I, I was thinking about, I was like, I'm not telling them this, but I'm gonna tell you Yes. Somebody from the Jets said, damn, he's really big. Yeah, I Know. Why know, I've been saying this. That sounds like Brick. Yeah. Brick was like, damn. Yeah. Yeah. Brave Standing next to Brick. For sure. Yeah. And no, brick and Jack were not in the interviews from, from what I heard, and they're not participating in the ones that are going down with Rex Ryan, you know, in Palm Beach. But you're the awesome listeners of the show will come up to me and ask me if I've destroyed my Abel's career. Because I said that teams don't like that he's fat.


Which is so not what I report. No, we never said he was fat. We never said he is fat. He's a big man. He's power football. He's Powerful. Power Manager said to me that Mike Vrabel is very intimidating to a lot of people. That he, he, his personality, his size, that's all I said. And it wasn't just one general manager, it was multiple. It's also like, Oh, this my trip. It's true. It, it's also, that's, that's on the general managers. 'cause Vrabel is not that intimidating once you get to know him. He's just a big guy. He's a strong guy. He's a strong masculine man. He's a leader of men. I want him as the Bears head coach. So, alright, let me ask you about The Bears. This is my thought process. You can grade my thought process. Tell me I'm crazy.


Whatever you, you want to go with this? So the, I want VR or Ben Johnson, the Patriots are probably gonna have Vrabel, right? I would assume Ben Johnson has not done an, he he not accepted an interview with the Jets or the Saints. They never, never, they never reach out. 'cause he basically was like, I'm not doing it. So it's, Yeah. People are back channeling like, hey. Yeah. And so he is not doing that. So it's down to, there's, there's two seat, there's two guys, Vrabel and Ben Johnson for three seats, the Jaguars, the Patriots, and the Bears Bke coming back. Does this mean that once Vrabel takes a job with the Patriots, then Ben Johnson might be the target for the Bears or vice versa?


Look, as someone has had a report, a lot of crappy news to you over the last few weeks. Yes. I, I think this will be, I think it's good for you. Okay. I think when the print balking news broke you that for You're back. You're back. Yeah. Yeah. Right. I think Ben Johnson still has a lot of questions about management in both of those organizations, which I think is pretty well known at this point. There are questions. Ryan Polls is leading the search. Ryan Polls is not going anywhere. I think there's some Chicago people who are, who believe he's gonna get fired at some point here when the search ends. Kevin Warren and Ryan Polls are in lockstep in this search. And they 100% have their eye on Ben Johnson and Mike Vrabel for sure. As, as their top candidates.


So, you know, let's say in, in this world and in in it would be, I guess Hank's best world. Graves goes to New England. Yeah. I think Ben Johnson prob they, they, the chance of him landing in Chicago are, are much better now that Trump, Bucky is in Jacksonville. Which, if you're a Jags fan, it's like Yeah. Oh my goodness. Are you kidding? What are we doing? Yeah. What are we doing? You know, but I, I'm interested to hear what happens after these interviews. 'cause you find out a lot about these organizations and what their plans are and how they envision themselves and what the philosophies are. And when you find out what kind of questions they've been asking. Yeah. So we'll, we'll see what they're after. Do, do you think, what, what would the percentage chance be?


Because I've, I've, I've played this whole thing out and obviously I want Ben Johnson, but I do think that him staying at the Lions is still a possibility. So what, I'm so glad you said that. Yeah, I, I'm so glad you said it because I had somebody yesterday text me was like, Hey, don't forget there's a world where Ben Johnson stays Right. And looks at this coaching cycle and goes, this is, this is not for me. Right. This, this is not what I'm signing up for. Damn. And weirdly like that drives the price up every year. Yeah. That he says no, but it's like, oh, I got, I gotta get this guy. I Learn from him. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Like, look, he's great. He's an awesome play caller. He, he, I love his self-awareness. His, he's understanding of, look, I've only been to the playoffs twice in my life.


I wanna, I wanted to come back to Detroit to just watch not only this team get back, but watch how they handle success. 'cause that's another part of growth as a coach, of not just dealing with the problems, dealing with when things are good and, and how to manage your team and how to make good coaching decisions. So I appreciate that emotional maturity. But at some point here, you gotta jump in the pool. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta, you gotta do this thing. Well, A, a good, a good cautionary tale is is Lou Anna Ruo, Anna Lou Anna Ruo from the Bengals, who was a, you know, a hot name in the, in the NFL coaching circles three years ago. And he just got fired by the Bengals.


So it's, you, you, you might not, it might not last forever. You might not be the guy that everyone's lusting for forever. So I'm hoping that that will push Ben Johnson to the Bears. You look at it this way, the second the Detroit line stink, he, his chances are gonna go away. Right. That's just ha that's just the reality. Right. How many times have we seen this where the, like you just mentioned, Lou defense was tremendous in the Super Bowl. He's considered the Patrick Mahomes killer. Right. And we fired him, you know? Right. Is he, is he gonna get a job somewhere? Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think Lou's one of those coordinators. I I know, I don't mean to be insensitive to the process because I'm sure he was hurt and upset about it, but he's one of those, they get fired and you go, all right, which head coaching candidate is going to bring Lou outta Ruo on as their DC Yeah.


And, and I can tell you there are several right now who are, who are talking to him to try to see what he wants to do next. Ben Johnson to the Bears with Lou, they put, they, they coach together in Miami. I've already done this all in my head. I've gone way too deep with all the connections. I, I Do like that format though, when you get a younger head coach, and then he brings in a guy that's just been around for forever to kind of like, show him like what Wade Phillips did in LA when McVay was out there. Pinnell was, he's like the guy for a while there where like you bring that veteran presence of like, nah. Oh, look at Brian Callahan in Tennessee. Right. He brought his dad. Yeah. Yeah. To just help out, you know, Tennessee Titans fired their general manager, Rand Kartha. Yeah. So the statement that they put out today was really, really strange.


They said that Rand was hired to be, like, the description of the job was different when they brought him in, which was to be in lockstep with the head coach. Now the description of that job has changed, which also implies that now Rand's job is to be like Brian Callahan's daddy and tell him what to do all the time. And he didn't fit that job description. What, what happened in Tennessee? Well, he's got a daddy. His daddy's On the team. His daddy's daddy. He's two daddies. That's true. Look, I I, I'm going more big picture. Right? So you just go back one year ago, just one year ago when they were making a decision of what to do with the general manager position after John Robinson obviously was let go.


And we know what came with that, with the AJ Brown trade and all the things with communication issues that he had with the owner, they move on. All right. So they collaborate with Mike Vrabel at the time and say, okay, what do we wanna do next? Vrabel goes, I wanna go with my, my player personnel guy, Ryan Cowden, who's now currently with the New York Giants guy, kind of understands how I work. We, we view things the same way. And he's like a real football guy. He's a true scout. And the Titan said, no, we want Rand Kartha. He's the guy. And from what I understand, we able just made the suggestion of, Hey, like, I like Rand too. He's a great dude.


Let's just make him an assistant GM and let him grow on the job with Ryan. And then when the time is right, you know, he can get a GM job. And they didn't wanna do it. And then in the end, they obviously fired. Mike Rubel gave the power to r to Rand Kartha here. And now a year later, Rand Kartha is out. Yeah. Yeah. So to me, this says they don't know what they want. This also says to me that they make emotional decisions. Yeah. Which are the worst times. Which is, you know, I think there's a difference too, in making emotional decisions. Robert Kraft was emotional talking about the Gerard Mayo, but I don't think that's emotion. I don't think that's just a reaction to a bad year that's, this is not up to the standard.


I need this team to be. Right. Yeah. This in Tennessee is, I I have to blame someone. I'm sick of it. Go, someone needs to fix this. Ran. It's not you. Goodbye. Yeah. That's gotta be such a shitty feeling as a gm, you have the number one pick. Like, you're excited for a couple weeks, like after week 18, you're like, fuck yeah. Okay, now it's ran season baby. And then it's like, no, you don't even get to make that choice. You don't Get to open this present. Yeah. That sucks. Yeah. But yeah, no, I, I can see that that's, there is a difference between being emotional about a decision that you made and then making this the decision because your emotions took over. Correct. Yeah. And, and look, it's, it's human nature to be emotional about it and be frustrated and angry. But I think they were emotional when they fired their head coach last year.


And it sounds like they're emotional here. I I don't, I don't know if that's a great quality to have when you're running a business.


We get back to Diana Rossini in a second. She's being brought to you by Prime and Wild Card playoffs. They're coming on Saturday. We got TJ Watt and the Steelers taking on Lamar Jackson and the Ravens in the playoff showdown between a FC North rivals. And it's only on Prime video. Is there any love lost in this game? That's my first question. Second question, what should I do with the record books? Should I keep them or should I throw them out the window? Do these teams like each other? A lot of questions should be answered. If you're not a Prime member, you can sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. The Steelers Ravens, it's a big spread. But you know that these teams play pretty close. So it's gonna be a great game. It's playoff football, Steelers, Ravens. What could be better than that? The Steelers in the Ravens in Prime's exclusive wild card playoff game powered by Verizon Saturday at seven 30 Eastern only on Prime video.


What's Gonna happen with Mike McCarthy? Because his presence and it's a large presence. Is it too large to get a head coaching job? It might be. It's, it's messing me up mentally. Because what the bears are really good at is they're, they've inter, they're interviewing every single person that's ever coached football. And there's some names on that list that scare the fuck outta me. So then I find myself being like, well, Mike McCarthy would better than this guy. And then I have to take a step back and be like, wait a second. Am I talking myself into Mike McCarthy? So can he just stay in Dallas so I don't have to talk myself into Mike McCarthy? No, I, I think the, the chances of him staying in, in, in Dallas are fair. Like, I think that could happen. Look, I know that they did a little bit of work on some head coaches behind the scenes over the last few weeks.


So it, it wouldn't shock me if they also move on. I just don't like how they're going about their business. How they're, they're just kind of hanging 'em out to dry right now. Trying to figure out what he's gonna do next. This entire year is really hard if you're him. Yeah. Of, you know, not knowing what's gonna be next. Look, I, I think if Mike McCarthy does wind up moving on, or the Dallas, Jerry says, yeah, we're gonna go in a different direction. I 100% think he has a good shot at getting that Chicago bear shot. Ah, That would be the funniest possible act. Yeah. Funniest possible outcome. I think what's the Worst, I've thought about this, about Dan. I've like David Shaw, I, The why I'm imagining you're pain haw. I have Davids David s I'm like, what would Luke Dan so angry that I don't even wanna be around him.


Ah, David Shaw, I, I've like, I don't want Brian Flores, but I've somehow talked myself into maybe the second time around he'll be better. But I, I am, I just don't want defensive guy. I except for Mike Vrabel, who he, he's a different cat because he's Well, who, look at who he's hired in the past at oc. They go on to be head coaches. Right. Arthur Smith, Matt LaFleur, he obviously knows how to pick a good oc. Yeah. So I, that's a good point. Anthony Weaver is a name don't that I'm hearing a lot of teams are putting in for, he spent three years with the Baltimore Ravens. Right now he's the DC for the Miami Dolphins coach who's with the Texans. Another, another large man.


Yeah. But he, I don't wanna say he's like Vrabel light. 'cause that's taking away from, from Anthony's abilities individually. But he has a great way of connecting with players, holding them accountable. But he's just a little bit more laid back. Okay. Like, he's, he's, he's cool, but he's smart. So, you know, I can tell you people in Baltimore were, they think that this is gonna be the run he gets. This is the cycle. He'll be a head coach. Yeah. It, it's time. So you shouldn't be disappointed if that becomes a real thing. I just Don't want a defensive coordinator. I want, I want an offensive guy. I want someone who's, who's gonna come in here and be like, KLE Williams. We have to do everything.


This organization has to do everything in its power to make Caleb Williams great. And so that's all I'm scared about. What other name in in Chicago is Cliff Kingsbury that people have thrown out. I I don't want want it, I top myself into that. I don't want it because I, I selfishly want to keep him around in, in Washington. And I think he's a, yeah, he's a very good OC didn't work out for him at all as a head coach. And he's one of these guys where when they get fired from being a head coach, they immediately say like, in that moment of truth, after, after you realize what you just got freed from like Yeah. Being a head coach kind of sucks. Like, that might not be for me. Yeah. Then I love that. Then a year later though, these guys are like, yeah, I want to coach football again. Like, they forget so fast. Well going, it goes back to what we were talking about, how everyone knows there's such a small chance of getting those jobs.


So you do it, you take it, even if you're not ready, you just, you just do it. But I think Cliff has had some time here time off away as we know he traveled the world to sort of recenter himself. And now that he's having so much success as a coordinator, and he's told me in the past too, I like play calling. Yeah. Like all the other crap that comes with being a head coach and all the headaches that you have to deal with and the things that you have to think about and manage is, you know, it's exhausting. So I, I do think he will take an interview, but I think when it comes down to it, it may be one of those situations where he decides to just stay in Washington. Yeah. I Would love that. Alright, so memes I think has some questions for you.


Before we do that though, a question on Max's behalf, is Jalen Hertz gonna ever clear the concussion protocol? I I am not happy about this. This is concerning to me. Yeah. This has been over two weeks. Look, Wednesday's practice day is going to be the most, IM important part of this process obviously. 'cause we'll know if he's cleared, but we're obviously starting hear the Playoffs and the starting quarterback is still in concussion protocol. Yeah. So yeah, max, you should be, you should be freaking out my friend. You Should be freaking out. Freaking out. The word I heard was concerned. How are things in, in your, what? What Max? What? Yeah. This is obviously PFT just texting her ahead of time to say, to say this.


No, no, a hundred percent. Why Are concerned for Max? Are you saying, are you saying that, that her integrity as a reporter is so low that I could text her and make her put out a false report? You don't respect women. That's not what I said. That's not what I said. You sound like memes. What I am saying is that actually, I don't know. Don't you need to, can't you not clear concussion protocol until a practice day? Correct. So that there was no way of clearing concussion protocol yesterday. But It, she did tweet it On Wednesday. But remember Max, this is, this is, this is the news that you have to watch. He will get tested again if he gets tested and fails. He's gotta go through the whole thing again. Oh no. He's gotta do the colors.


Yeah, that would be bad. Alphabet. Everything. Count backwards by seven. How are things inside your own house? Is is your husband as, as deeply into the Tanner McKee lore as Max is? Oh yeah. It's, look, I'm at a point now where I manage Kevin, the way you guys manage Max. Yeah. Like it's the same, you're the same person. So I'm underst Guy. I understand what he's doing. I know what he's dealing with. Just all the obnoxiousness and the concerns and the, my favorite thing to do because we're, we have a big calendar in our kitchen. 'cause we're busy And we The big calendar. You need the big calendar. Yeah. We need The big We're we, we we're like a 1983 home. Like it's just gigantic. Instead of using phones, you know, and I will just do this. I'm like, well if the Eagles get bounced out of the first round, da da da.


And I mean, just, you wanna cause havoc. Lemme tell you guys, I've been planning things on. He goes to all the games. I've been planning things on Sundays and I put them in there. He is like, I don't know why I'm putting things in. I dunno why I'm doing That. That's great. Alright, memes, you got questions? I have two questions. Okay. The first, first one's from me and the other's from Tom Lay. He's a coworker, also a Jets fan. Mine is, who's your source inside the Jets building? And why do they keep showing up for a job they hate? Okay. And then the follow up from Tom Le what's your fucking problem?


It's good questions. Good question. Would you like to address either of those? Yeah, it's the janitor. Everyone always says it's the custodians. It's the security guard. It's the cheerleader. It's, it's actually sala. He's still at the building. Yeah. Yeah. It's Jo Bonino. It's, it's any New York jet fan. If, if you come up to me and just tell me a story about the Jets Pub reporter, why Not Memes gonna, memes doesn't, it's the New York Times. They don't care. Memes doesn't know sarcasm. He's gonna be like, she said it. Yeah. She said it. I knew that. She finally admits it. I know memes, you, you do hate my reporting. I have noticed it. And I realize that you, I think, I don't think you hate me.


I just think you hate the information that I'm putting out there. Is that true? Yeah. He can't separate it. Yeah. No, the whole don't don't shoot the messenger. Shoot the message. He shoots the Messenger to him. You are the news. Yeah. Like he, it's easier to get mad at you than it would be to like I'm a mad rating. Yes. Like I'm the, I'm the one who did that. Yes. So speaking of the Jets with the Rex Ryan thing, do you think it's a good strategy for Rex Ryan to say, like, I'm gonna go in there and tell Aaron Rogers that the country club days are over. It's brilliant. It's brilliant. I love what Rex is doing right now. I'm all behind this campaign. It's ridiculous, but it's smart because he's telling the Jets, I want this job.


I'm gonna do this job. You know, when you're so overwhelmed by someone's confidence that you're like, wait, maybe they are good. Yeah. He's telling them what he wants them to believe. Whereas you think Mike Vrabel was sitting there going, I want this job. I'm doing this job. I know how to fix this. Ron Rivera wasn't doing that. Yeah. Right. So if you're getting a different message, so he's gonna separate himself, stands out. Yeah. And it's, to me, it's worth the risk. Yeah. It'd be fun. Big shot. It'd be fun to see. I, I have one question about the Raiders, because we talked about the teams that didn't do anything. I'm not sure that we can put the Raiders into that category just yet, because I think Mark Davis is kind of just like thinking it over. I don't know. He is taking his time. What's going on with Tom Brady and the Raiders and the relationship with Mark Davis?


And do you, is Antonio Pierce safe? Yeah. So it, it's the Tom Brady influence is bigger than I think people realize. I know he's the minority owner. And there were some question marks of like, all right, well, he'll be in the background to Tom Brady's not gonna be, has Tom Brady ever been in the background of anything? Right. Right. Like he, he's full on in the decision making for the Vegas readers. He talks to Mark Davis all the time. And I think you're gonna see tons of Tom Brady ways and, and just influence on how this team's gonna run. So I think the question that we probably need to consider is, is Tom Brady an Antonio Pierce fan?


Does he like what he sees? I'm gonna guess probably not from his personal history with the Giants. I don't even think it has to do with the Giants. I just think, look how Tom likes to do things. It's Discip, it's New England. Right. It's the Patriot way. It's, it's, it's tight. It's accountability. It's all the things that we know. It's everything that Hank is. This is just, I don't think Antonio Pierce runs his team that way. Yeah. You know, I'm not saying one is better than the other. I just think when it comes down to it, it's, it goes back to that, that comfort of I know I can operate with that. So who's on, who's left that can do something in the way that Tom Brady wants it? Brian Flores. Mike Abel. Right. That there's New England again.


Shiano. Shiano. No one's talking about Shiano. Are we doing this again? No one's talking about Shiano. Are we talking about Shiano? We should talk about Chio. Is it Mike Vrabel to the Patriots is done? I don't think so. Hmm? He's meeting with the Bears. He's meeting with the Saints. Okay. Okay. I'm curious when he is gonna meet with the Patriots. That, that, that's the one I haven't seen yet. Okay. I haven't. Go dig on that. Okay. And Hank is all in on this, right? Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. He he reported it already. Yeah, he did. He reported it. So you he Reported my verbal to the Patriots. Yeah. Based on his feelings. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. It's, that's our reporting standard here is Do you feel Something I actually think that's the least interesting hire though.


Like, it's like, yeah, it's great and it's cool and returns home, but that, that's not like a shocking move if that happens. No. Yeah. I, I actually like, expect it to happen. I want it to happen. So it's like the, the chess board starts to clear up a little. Yeah. I mean, if he picks the Jags then I'm like, holy cow. Yeah. Like that, that came out The way. Yeah. Do we have time for one last question? I know that you have Yeah. Another thing coming up.


Do the Rollback question. Rollback question joggers, hoodies, shorts. R-O-B-A-C-K do com. R-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code take 20% off joggers, hoodies, shorts.


Okay. So is there, is there a college coach that is drawing interest that maybe we haven't heard about as much? 'cause I'm thinking about two guys, not Chio, Dabo. Mm. 'cause he hates coaching college now it seems like he's fed up with the, the transfer portal, NIL stuff and then sarc Fine. Like those are, I don't think those two are gonna be in the cycle. Okay. Aggressively. I, I don't know what SARC wants to do, but every coach in college likes that buzz of the NFL. Bill O'Brien is the name I'm watching. Oh, interesting.


I I know he loves Boston College and they love him up there. But that's a name I'm watching. Matt Campbell is a name I'm watching. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know about, but Bill O'Brien, I think I said Raiders would make a lot of sense for Bill O'Brien. There's another New England connection. I forgot about that. I didn't, I didn't connect that. That's great. Yeah. Look, I I, I, the question was, could I see these college coaches maybe getting an opportunity, like Yeah, but I haven't heard any of these yet. But tho those are the names. If I had a guess at this point, I, I'd keep an eye on them. Okay. Okay. Do teams have to announce when they do an interview? Teams, they just like to do it.


Okay. It's not, it's not. But They don't have to, they could interview someone that we don't know about and then all of a sudden it's like, well, that's the coach. Yeah. They just like to let the world know. They just like to let the fan bases go, look, we're working. Yeah. The, the Jaguars publishing their list of people that they've asked to interview for the job was pretty strange. Yeah. See, I would What about The teams putting out comments that they retaining their coaches and GMs, when did we start doing this? I know. Yeah, I know. Yeah. If I were, if I were running a team, I would just go like cry. I'd be like, yeah, we're interviewing the ghost of Vince Lombardi. We're interviewing just, you know, George Washington, leader of Men. I would move in silence. Yeah. But that, that's how I would do it. But don't you think if you have to put out a statement, like, like do you think the Chiefs are gonna put out Andy Reed?


Is they That'd be funny. Yeah. After they win the Super Bowl, decided To retain Andy. Re gonna, we're gonna stick around. The Rams are like, we love Sean McVay. He's allowed to return back. Like, nah. No. Yeah. Alright. Well, Diana, thank you so much. We appreciate it. We love having you on. And we'll see you at the combine. We'll see you Super Bowl week. We'll see you at the combine. And you know, don't just let me down easy. If, you know, if you find out something before I see it, just let me down. Easy. Look, I'm hoping this all comes together on your 40th birthday, Ben Johnson. That is the hope for me. So I can't wait to give you that big, big present. Ben Johnson, that Josh McCall's your head coach. Hi


guys. Diana Rashid was brought to you by Morgan and Morgan. If you get injured by a person, place, or thing, you deserve to get paid. Life can be pretty crazy sometimes, and one person's negligence can result in another settlement. If you're in an accident, not calling a lawyer means that you could be leaving money on the table. When you're seriously hurt, your injury could be worth millions. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. They have over a hundred offices nationwide and more than a thousand lawyers with over $20 billion recovered for over 500,000 clients. Morgan and Morgan has a proven track record of fighting to get you full and fair compensation. Submitting an injury claim with Morgan, Mor and Morgan is so easy. Walking off a curb at night is hard. Submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is easy. Dunking a basketball is hard. Submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is easy. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR the people.com/pmt or pound law pound 5 2 9 from your cell. This is a paid advertisement,


which is also brought to you by our great friends at Uber Eats. Uber Eats get involved. Get some delicious food delivered right to your door. Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza. There's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one, get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber eats the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day, what do you guys want to eat this weekend? There's a lot of football going on. We got five days of football. That's five days of food from Uber Eats. I'm thinking wings one night, maybe barbecue one night, maybe some Thai food one night. Mix it up with Uber Eats terms and conditions apply, see the app for details.


And now here is our number two ranked college football expert, Brandon Walker. And now for something completely different. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest. It is our college football expert. Not by choice, but by a stupid tournament that we did. And he happened to win. It is Brandon Walker, who has already made demands on this studio. He demanded the couch be put back because Hank was sitting on Vinny Woodhead chair, which Vinny Woodhead is near and dear to our heart. Yeah. Vinny Woodhead, it's our van. Sure, sure. And Hank, Hank just said unilaterally that he was gonna move the chair, install the chair, and then whenever we'd have a guest off, he'd force memes to come in here and move the entire couch back. Two things.


Oh, did you just do hook up longs Two, two things. Okay. A I'm, I'm not a guest. I'm part of the show now as the resident college football expert. And B, the couch has nothing to do with me. I'm sitting on the couch. But you guys are engaging in the couch. Fight with Hank right now. True Or false? You sat down on the chair and you said, what's this chair? True. But I really was con I I didn't case know what the chair was. Case I arrest my case. I didn't know. But Hank is the one. But as Part of the show, shouldn't you know that it's Vandy Woodhead Aren't you and Hank fighting? But didn't You just say you're part of the show? You don't know Vandy Woodhead. I Don't know the intricacies of Van Woodhead. I'm aware he's part Of the show. Part of the, you know, who knows about Van Woodhead? Tom Ferelli. Well, you know What? He doesn't know about college football and that's why I'm here. I Walked into That. Well, Brendan's also not, his ass isn't really built for a chair. It's more of a couch ass.


I, I sat in the chair. I immediately got concerned I was gonna break the chair. Yeah, yeah. There were concerns with the chair Hef. But Hank and is fighting the chair battle. Not me. I don't care if the chair's here or not. Well, Clearly, Well, you a little bit have an opinion one way as a Well I Do have a, I want our guests to be as comfortable as possible here. Yeah. Okay. Alright. So you're here. I'm here. Alright. Wait, are you a guest on your own show now? No, I'm not a guest. But you might be a guest on your own show. I'm in a pretzel now. What, what do I, how do I get out of it? S trigs Make Brandon really fat in the cover art. Yeah. That's how you get out. Why? Go Ahead. Why'd you do that? No, I was talk. I wasn't talking to you. I understand that. But why would you do that? You don't even have to do that much. I Wasn't talking to you. I was talking to tricks. Wait, wait in at 2 73 yesterday?


I'm trying to, I thought it was 2 65. Oh Yeah. Brandon told me me that he ordered dark chicken for lunch instead of having the chicken breast meal that we had for lunch. Yes. For the whole office thinking it was healthier. I think that's actually way worse. So you're probably up to 2 76 now. I love that Dark meat. Brandon. Yes. Jason Whitlock over here. College. Yeah, I know what I'm catching. Watch it. Cans stay away. He said, he said cans. He said A huge rack. Yeah. He said a huge rack. He several times gotta stay away. Yeah. I've never seen someone cope harder with not being able to get laid. Yeah. I, He Knows I's capable of, I wouldn't allow myself around her because I knew, I knew. You get me in the same room as that. Yeah. John, I'll tell you one thing. Huge Rack Know me, me and my wife have a deal.


I can never be in the same room as Sidney Sweeney. That's Right. You know, I'm capable. You know what I'm capable of. Alright, so Brandon, college football playoff. We wanna talk about the matchups. Sure. We're Down to Four. Yeah. Overall, how would you say the first college football playoff has gone? Are you one of the, the, the, let let me ask this a better way. Why is it that college football seems like there's just an endless amount of fans that just don't seem to like the sport? It's the only sport that really gets meticulously picked apart for the quality of its games. Doesn't really happen to the NBA playoffs or the NHL Playoffs. Doesn't really happen to anybody else. It's the only sport where if there's a bad game and is suddenly an indictment of the entire sport. Correct. Whereas a playoff is just that you are playing off to find out who's the best team at the end.


There's no guarantee you're gonna have some aesthetically pleasing games along the way. You've just collected through a 12 team, a 12 game sample size. Who deserves to be here? We pretty much got that this year. I don't know that it was perfect, but we got that we can't help it. Some of the games weren't as good. The Super Bowl when PFCI were growing up, you were in your like thirties in the nineties was always a blowout. Yeah. It just seemed like you're just, you're going outta your way to take shots at sometimes. Like, oh, You're part of the show. I, I think that because they, they installed this new playoff then there are now a bunch of people out there that are looking at it and trying to tweak it, trying to move around, trying to add things, trying to inject their own ideas into it. You gotta be careful with that. You gotta be careful. 'cause if you do it too much, you're gonna become the NBA and you don't want that.


People believe that the playoff was implemented because it was supposed to be some grand fix. Yeah, well it wasn't fixing 'cause nothing was broken. It was just a, a better way to determine and champion. It's more seats at the table, it's more excitement. And it gave us an October in November that were unparalleled in excitement. November had games. Would anybody have cared about Ole Miss Florida in previous years? No. Would anybody have cared about certain games? No. It gave us a great November. It gave us a bad first round, but then it also gave us Texas, Arizona State, which was remarkable. But the other, the, the pushback I always have for people is, so the first round sucked. What was the alternative of the first round? It would've been Indiana and Tennessee playing in a bowl game that half the players opted out. Right. And no one gave a fuck.


That's exactly right. So yeah, it was a blowout, but all the players were playing and they were trying their hardest. And I'd rather watch that, even if it's a blow up. People are nostalgic liars about college football. They're like, well, we should go back to how it used to be 30 years ago. Penn State goes undefeated and gets nothing. They get nothing right there. There, there are these times in history where we're just letting sports writers decide. So we've, we've come step by step by step. The 12 team playoff I think is the best way to do it until we have a 16 team playoff. Which, which even better. We'll, how about we compromise? How about we keep the current format, but the winner gets the old trophy. Mm. That could work. Now, I will say this year it might've, and you don't know this, this is year to year, maybe eight teams was enough for this year. But you can't go based on You can't do that.


Yeah. And, and and and the fixes that I do think should happen are you don't do the automatic buys, the Seating. That should be, it Should just be the four best teams get a buy. Yeah. And there should be, the first two rounds should be on campus because I do think what we're finding is part of college football, it's obviously the game, but it's the atmosphere as well. And when you ask a fan base to travel potentially three times in a three week stretch, you just aren't gonna get the same atmosphere. You're just not like the, the, the fan, the crowds are not gonna be the same as they were when it was like, here's our one big bulk game. Yeah. It also takes time to build up to that schedule to make it part of a fan base's routine. Where if you're a, a big school that has national title aspirations every year Sure.


That you just pencil in. Okay. Like late December through mid-January. I I gotta keep my calendar open. 'cause it might be on the road. Yeah. I mean, if you're a Texas fan, you're in your second straight playoff or you're going to I don't even know where they played that last game. Were they the Fiesta Bowl? Were they Yeah. Yeah. No, they weren't in the Fiesta Bowl. They were in the peach. They were in the Peach Bowl. Are you going to Atlanta knowing that you might have two other trips in the next two weeks? Maybe you're not, maybe you say, well, I'll get 'em the next time. So it creates some, some some issues and stuff. But there are small issues we have to work towards. Overall. This is a better way to do it than we've ever had. And it is going to get tweaked. The buys, the, the auto buys for conference champions gotta go away. That has to go away. It created a, a spot where the seed had the easiest path to where we are right now.


Which I think Penn State probably was good enough to get there anyway. I'm not gonna hold it against them. But they had an easier path than say Oregon. Yeah. Oregon got screwed. Oregon should have just lost the Big 10 championship Right. Game. And they still probably would be alive. Yeah. Yeah. They would've gotten a home game. They would've won it than they would've gone on. They wouldn't have had the rest that they dealt with against Ohio State. Now Ohio State killed 'em so much. I can't really blame that. But still there were issues and we'll, we'll fix 'em along the way. Ohio State. Yeah, go ahead. Oh, I was gonna say, I think the other thing we agree on, Brandon, is that the national championship game should be at the Rose Bowl. We, we don't believe in that. We, we you and you try to make it personal with me about the Rose Bowl. Mm. Because you try to make it personal with me a lot about a lot of things. No, I don't. You make it Personal. You like to point fingers and say, Brandon Walker hates a Rose Bowl, and you turn everyone against me by saying, no, I don't hate the Rose Bowl.


I think the Rose Bowl is magnificent and wonderful and it is also absolutely in love with itself and thinks it's bigger than the sport. And the Rose Bowl needs to be taken down a pick. The Rose Bowl holds up college football progress. It's done it before. It stands in the way. It has to have things its way and it is not that special. It Special Are you describing the Rose Bowl or the SEC? It Is special. A good one. PFT Love That. And literally everything you said, not The worst counterpoint I've ever heard. Yes. Not the worst counterpoint I've ever heard. But it's better than his counterpoints where he just says, I hate it. No, I don't hate it. Yeah, you do. I just think it, it, it's in love with smell because don't park You hate you, you get a migraine. If you want The, the, the fucking, the Texas, Arizona State game, they are in overtime on the playoff game. This, the Rose Bowl will the sunset, the Rose Bowl will not hold up the sunset. Yeah.


They, the Rose Bowl keeps, goes. You keep saying the farts thing, but the farts smell incredible. Yeah. They smell like roses. Yeah. I Don't think the Rose Bowl farts smell that good. Oh, well, Brandon, they had to, they had to kick off because the game is built. It's not, it doesn't go by. It's about sunset, your fancy Fox. It goes by the sun football. So You don't Respect the sun. Fucking, it's About sunsets Also was imagine That not respecting the sun. There was a, there's an airplane that was, you don't even know what they fly over for the Rose Bowl. No, you don't. You didn't know either, did you? He always knows. Fucking Kidding. What? Fly over. Did you not know? Are you fucking kidding? There was a fly over. You Didn't know. No, he knows all the flies. Yeah. There was a, there was a flyover, but that was like an experimental aircraft that I couldn't What Was a stealth that flew over the Rose Bowl. Right. It's Called a B two bomber. Yeah. Come On it. It's a B two bomber. All right. It's called, maybe you knew, don't we call it the Stealth?


Somewhat. Yeah. Like casuals, we call right. A stealth bomber. People who don't respect the Rose Bowl. Ah, I respect stealth bombers In the Rose Bowl. I respect the Rose Bowl. Here's the problem with it. You turn it into this where you either love it unconditionally. Well, I, I'll, I'll, I'll admit to one thing. My feelings were hurt a little bit because I didn't Usually I can pick up on your mocking tone. And when we were January 1st, we spent the whole day together. And I did not pick up your, on your mocking tone for about three hours. And then when I did, I was like, goddammit, he's been mocking me this whole time. Well, that's kind of on you. You live your entire life with me on a mocking tongue. I know. But you then also, I found out, bought a gift. He bought me two gifts. Guess where the gifts are from PFT Spencer's the Rose Bowl.


He's buying me mocking gifts. No, He's mocking me with gifts. Gifts. So Brandon, Brandon was nailing you for three hours and he didn't realize it. Yeah. If I, If I bought myself Rose Bowl gifts, that's mocking gifts. He was mocking gifts. Mock me with the gifts. I know that he loves the Rose Bowl, so I got him Rose Bowl gifts. Honestly, Big Cat, if I were you, I, I would be fine with that arrangement. If somebody wanted to buy me a mocking gift that I actually enjoyed, I'd be like, okay. But I don't know if I enjoyed anymore, because every time I enjoy it, Brandon's laughing And you just Picture, you walk Up there and you see Wisconsin Badgers, 1994 Rose Bowl champs, and a picture of the Rose Bowl. You, you, You don't, I'm like, God dammit, he got me again. Yeah. Yeah. That's how our friendship works. That's A great friendship. Yeah. So as an SEC fan, Brandon, how do you feel about the, the mighty shoulders of Texas carrying the mantle for the SEC? Still Big 12.


It's been a, it, it, it's, it, it is weird. It feels weird. It's been a bad bull season for SEC. It's been a bad season for the SEC. Would you like to apologize for the SSEC 100%? No, because fuck the SECI am. I'm a fan of Mississippi State University when Georgia loses, I think it's hilarious when Alabama loses. I think it's fucking hilarious. So this myth that you guys think that we're all sitting in our trailer parks down south is waiting for Alabama and Georgia to bail us out is wrong. Didn't saying about trailer parks. It is wrong. I Was gonna say Super eight. Yeah. Oh, whatever. Wherever we're hanging out back of a pickup down south, the dog fighting ring, wherever we're hanging out down south. Not the prosper. We're Not the cousin fucking fast. We're not just waiting. We would never talk football with cousin fucking fast. We we're, we're never talking, waiting for Alabama to bail us out.


When they win, we're like, God damn. This is proof of how tough it is down here when they lose. It's hilarious. So I like that. But In, in a weird way, the SEC school, Texas going up against Ohio State, kind of built like an SEC team. Ohio State. Yeah. Yeah. They've been the one team constantly. And, and Clemson touched it for a few years that have been built like an elite SEC team. And it's not built like an SEC team. It's built like an elite SEC team because there's teams built like, you know, Florida right now and Kentucky and a and m and then there's teams built like Alabama and Georgia over the last 15 years, which is just take the fives of the five stars and put 'em in every position and destroy everybody. And Texas is like that. Ohio state's like That. So if Ohio State, Winston National Championship, shouldn't we be saying that Georgia's built like an elite Big 10 team?


I don't represent the Big 10. I don't have a big 10 accent that's on you to start turning around the, the Narrative. No, I actually find the whole thing funny. And it's like the the big 10 cat thing that I do. Like, I don't actually, I I'm kind of with you. Like I'm not rooting for Ohio State. It helps you. None as a Wisconsin fan. No, I know. I'm not rooting for them. I, I, I will, I will benefit if they win at all. I will benefit by saying, wow, toughest conference. Look at me. But when you get to, but I know that I like, I'm not rooting for him. When you get to the end of the season and, and it's happened to the SECA couple times, it might happen in the Big 10 this year and two SEC team play for a national title, and your team like went nine and three in that conference. You're like, look at what we had to, to deal With. No, we're never, I'm never winning anything ever again. Neither of you. It sucks.


Speak for yourself buddy. You're talking to a 2021 College World Series champion. Okay, well I've actually got a dynasty going with women's hockey, so Well, yeah, but you don't really three Outta the five years Never actually watch one Of the games. Oh, I did. I watched a third period of one of the championship games. Yeah, But you can't name any of the players. Like I can name all the Mississippi State players, baseball players, Chad, Austin, Cody. Alright, let's talk about the games. Let's Thursday night. Sure. Penn State, Notre Dame slug face had to get here. Penn State, nothing. Right. Haven't had to play a big game. Notre Dame acquitted themselves very nicely against Georgia. Marcus Freeman Pants. Kirby Smart Absolutely. Pants team. Correct. Pantsed him had him crying like a bitch after.


Loved it. And Georgia, by the way, is gonna be back. Like, I don't, they're they're gonna be fine long term. Oh, They've already gotten two of the best wide receiver transfers in the country. This, they're fixing their problems now. And Kirby Smart is one of those coaches that like, kind of like Nick Saban, when they lose, it's actually bad for everyone else because they're just gonna come back with more vengeance. Well, I Kind of say that about the entire SEC If everybody wants to shit on the SEC right now, that's fine if you wanna do the collective conference thing, but embarrassing Alabama and embarrassing Georgia them going through that, it's just gonna turn 'em into monsters as off season. Yeah. And it's gonna be nastier than It's gonna, I I think most of the shitting on the SEC is because the SEC so vehemently defended itself going into the playoffs. And also they openly lobbied to get more, they've had a 20 year run where they've just kicked the shit outta Yeah.


But everybody would lobby in that, in that scenario, I think. But then that's, I didn't, I didn't think Alabama deserved it. Or South Carolina or Ole Miss. That's very True. You hate South Carolina. Alright, so this game. Yeah. You've Actually predicted the playoffs perfectly so far. I have. Yeah. That's our college football expert Folks. Yeah. Yeah. Who do you have winning this game and why? I have Penn State winning this game because I think Penn State and Herra are very, very, very similar. I think Penn State's a little bit better version of the team they're going for. They have a better quarterback, Great defense, better quarterback. Both elite running game. Both very, very, very physical. Penn State just has one more explosive playmaker than Notre Dame has. They have the incredible tight end Tyler Warren and they have a quarterback who I think is not going to make the mistakes that the backup quarterback for Georgia made.


Listen, Notre Dame, they're both built to win games the same way. Get a seven to 10 point lead, use their defense, ride it out, win the game. Right. And Notre Dame pulled that off to a tee against Georgia. They had, Notre Dame had two plays. Yeah. They had the sack fumble to get the ball at the nine yard line and then they had to kick return. That gave them two touchdowns of separation. And they never let Georgia breathe. They never let 'em get into, if those two plays don't happen, they had 250 yards of total offense. They're playing a more physical defense and I don't think ER's gonna make the mistakes the backup quarterback made. I just like Penn State as a little bit better version of what both teams are going for here. It Does. The Tyler Warren piece is, is a good point because when you watch Notre Dame Yeah. Like Jeremiah Love is is electric. Ry Leonard can run very well.


He is a tough runner. It just doesn't feel like anyone's getting like crazy open. No. Whereas Tyler Warren is one of those guys where it's like you just throw it up to him and he'll get it. I think Notre Dame had 80 yards passing against, against All Georgia Fon, which is all All Faison Great. Touchdown by Fon. Yeah. Which Was, which was all, which was all fine. You know, that's what they needed to do to beat Georgia. But I just don't know if, if that's gonna be Penn State. Yeah. Yeah. Because I, I think Penn State's gonna get a couple touchdowns from the combination of Aler and Warren and, and I, I know that a lot of people, it feels like more people believe Notre Dame's gonna win then believe Penn State's gonna win. But I think that's totally due to the path that Penn State had and the path that Notre Dame has. Yeah. Do you think that Aller is, do you trust him? I think he is very good. I've been on the Drew Aller train for two years to my detriment last year when they lost Ohio State and Michigan, people were like, see we told you he's terrible.


That Was a bad game. That was a bad game. It was a bad game, but it was also due the two best defenses in the country. Well this year I, he doesn't turn the ball over. I think last year he might have had four interceptions this year. Three something ridiculous. I don't know if those are exact numbers, but he doesn't turn the ball over. Doesn't make mistakes. If they had elite receivers, this would be an elite offense. They don't have elite receivers. So it's a really good offense. Okay. Did you plan on this when you're thinking about who's gonna win this game? It's the hundredth anniversary of the Four Horsemen Canoe. Rockney. I don't believe Rick Flair and Arn Anderson were together hundred years ago. Yeah. Yeah. So that, Are you familiar with Canoe? Doesn't that I Am familiar with Canoe. Doesn't that feel like Yeah. Win one for the Gifford. Right? Gier. Yeah. Doesn't that feel like Team of Destiny vibes?


Do we know if there's any a hundred year anniversaries for Penn State? I know. Probably don't wanna look in their past. Have we checked? Yeah. This is Catholics versus Catholics. Well, Or Catholics versus convicts? Yeah. Both. Both of versus Both Catholics versus Catholic convicts Catholic. Yeah. Sure. Okay. Well Catholic convicts versus Catholic convicts. Good point. Yeah. Yeah. Match. Okay. They really are the same thing. Question about this game. Yeah. Big game James. Sure. Which I think we should start calling him big game James. Remember when we called James Shield big game James? Right. It's like, well, like Why? It's just, it just rhymes with goes what? Great with James. Yeah. So big game James. Yeah. Are we worried at all about big game James not being big game James?


I think about it. Is it fair to say he hasn't won a big game when he just won two playoff games? I understand Those aren't big games. Right. Max said they weren't big games. Isn't that rich? Okay. So is, could I argue that Georgia without it starting quarterbacking? No, it's still Georgia. Okay. It's still Big game. So We're really massaging the word big game to, to fit our narrative. Right now It's a team that's like, you know, he's not greatly favored over. Yeah. And you know, it's so toss up game against a top five team. Penn State has not been able to overcome when Michigan was at the top of the sport the last three years, they couldn't overcome him. And when Ohio State's, they haven't overcome Ohio State once. Can I ask you this?


Yeah. Over the last four years, what's Notre Dame's record against those two teams? What would it be? Because it'd be the exact same as Penn State, isn't it? No, it's a fair point. And, and, and, But that's also a little Brian Kelly in there. And, And, and Freeman, who I think again, he pants Kirby smart. He looked great. Yep. Oh, this is, this is the guy that lost Northern Illinois this year. This guy who has lost some Tough team. One of the best mountain west teams. This, This is a guy who's, who's lost some games he shouldn't lose, but suddenly because he beats Georgia, all the questioning is still on, on James Franklin. I don't, I don't Think this is, it's called narratives. I don't think this is all about the coaches here. I think this is, this is one team has a better quarterback than the other. That's what I think. I Agree. I agree with you. If you, if you extrapolate, if you go out the whole playoff, it's four coaches.


Somebody's breaking through for the first time. Ryan Day gets rid of his problems. James Franklin gets rid of his problems. Marcus Freeman ascends to the top of the sport for the first time. And Sarkisian battles through everything he had to battle through. Yeah. So it's a fascinating coach narrative playoff. I agree. It Is. So, so with Marcus Freeman, the Pantsing really occurred on that, that fourth down. Yeah. The fake po They made him jump Off The fake go. Did you know that they, that Georgia had a giant banner on the sidelines that said dj JO like you, you remember that dj JO That was like on the bottom of, of the screen the entire game. 'cause it's boom right there on the side sidelines. So what Did DJ JO stand for? Don't jump off sides. That makes sense. That's what the banner meant. Yeah. And then they jumped off sides. Well, they also have posted speed limits in Athens, Georgia, and they don't really pay attention to those either.


So They also should probably have had a banner saying, don't get in the way of refs. Don't get in the way of refs. Yeah. Don't drink and drive. But I think that having the don't jump off sides banner makes you more likely if that's the one thing that you're emphasizing, it's in your head. If the last word you Read don't hit the ball in the water. Hank Yeah. If the last word you read going onto the field is off sides, it's in your mind to jump off sides. It's in your DNA. Yeah. Correct. Alright, so officially Penn State, I like Penn State. What would You be willing to put your reputation expert On the line? Penn State? I have already earned that reputation via winning this battle this year. So I don't know that I have to put it back on the line. Do you need a banner to hang behind you? 'cause I don't think you won the big game Boomer banner. Big game. Boomer hasn't put one out yet. Okay. So you haven't won it, Right?


I haven't won it, but I haven't lost it either. Okay. And we went through all of 2024 without, without a new banner. True. I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm with you. I think I'm gonna bet Penn State. Yeah. What's the current line of draft Case? Two and a half I think. Or maybe two. I think it'll be a pick em by Gametime. I feel like the, the late money's coming in on Penn State. I also Hate to do it, but it, I don't know, under it's low 44 and a half. You can't have a kick return or a college football play. Something stupid happened. But these teams both wanna play. Like, I mean, both those things happened in the last game and the way the total ended up at 33. I know. So the one thing That's been jumping out to me about Notre Dame is their secondary. Yeah. Very good. So good. Yeah. Xavier Watts is one of the best players in the country.


So I I feel like Yeah. As much as, but they're Good at every level of their Defense. As much as you want to, you wanna trust Penn State and you wanna trust Drew Owler, that is gonna be a tough battle for Him. Oh, it's gonna be very tough. Especially because his receivers don't really get much separation. But it's not so much just trusting Drew Aller. It's trusting Drew Aller more than you're trusting Riley Leonard to throw the ball down the field when he play. Right. Right. So I think, I don't think Penn State is gonna go out there and throw for 350 yards and four touchdowns. But if you had to tell me, you know, the one team's gonna win by throwing for 215 yards and two touchdowns. I would say that's Penn State. Yeah. Okay. Max, do you have any Penn State questions for Brandon? No, I th I No notes. I think you did a great job.


It's gonna be a great stream. We'll have, we'll have Max there. We'll have chief there representing Notre Dame. I think Frank's gonna be here representing Notre Dame. Connor Griffin, Penn State, Jeff D. Lowe, Penn State McKenzie, Notre Dame. Yep. Wow. It'll be great. It'll be packed house. Okay. Second game. Yeah. Texas, Ohio State. Now the knee jerk is Ohio State looks unbeatable. Right. And Texas has not looked like incredible. Not at all. I mean at all. They kind of played a little around with Clemson. I know. That was never really in doubt. Right. But, and then Arizona State probably should have won that game, but Got right to the edge of losing That targeting call. That changes everything in a Fourth and 13. If he, if the elder throws it by an inch zero Blitz.


I know. So is this gonna be Ohio State kicking their ass? So if I went by what the two teams have done in the playoff, it has to be that. Right? It has to be. 'cause Ohio State got the embarrassment against Michigan. Three weeks. They heard how terrible they are, how, how big of a, a train wreck they are. And they came out and their play calling was different. Their attitude was different. Everything was better. They had fixed it. However, I wonder about this Ohio State now, by virtue of their two performances they put on, does the pressure now circle back around to get on their shoulders again? Because they had that pressure going into Michigan the last couple years. They've had that pressure. And Ryan Day traditionally doesn't do that. Do that great with pressure. Now that they have shown they are unequivocally the most talented and the best team in this playoff, does the pressure come back and then do they go into that shell again where their play calling isn't as aggressive?


Where the play calling isn't as down the field. I wonder about that. Otherwise, if Ryan Day and Chip Kelly don't hold this team back, if they call plays the same way they've been calling plays, I think they win about two touchdowns. Breaking moose. Breaking cow cow. You get cow. A cow, you get a cow breaking moves. That's good. That's good cow. Because we don't want to have to retape it. Raiders fire Antonio Pierce. Oh, they do? Okay. Yes. Interesting. So Raiders fire, Antonio Pierce. That is another Vrabel opening. It is. Possibly Vrabel bring Josh McDaniels back. Yeah. So do we have any thoughts on that while we, before we get back to college football? You're not, you've watched one NFL game in your life.


I've Watched a bunch of NFL games. Okay. But they play every Sunday still. Yeah, every Sunday. Yeah. You Here on Sunday, right? No. No. Absolutely not. Okay. How many vr I know how many openings there are. How many Vrabel openings are there? Five. So are, are all the openings VR openings? Yes. Whatever opening he wants, he takes. Yeah. Okay. Jacksonville's not a Vrabel opening, right? Sure. They're not hiring Vrabel. They might, I think they, they probably want to. Yeah. Everyone wants to. Right. But you can't be a Vrabel opening of Vrabel would never get to you. He would pick a a another job before you pick that one. Right? Yeah. Maybe Ohio State. Y'all Got, you guys gotta be honest about your Vrabel opening. I'm, I'm this, this immediate reaction is bad for the Bears because that's Your immediate reaction to everything. I agree. But I do think there's a chance that Ben Johnson goes to the Patriots and Vrabel goes to the Raiders.


And then Why would he choose the Raiders over the Bears? Tom Brady. No. Vrabel. Yeah. Tom Brady. Why was Vrabel Tom Brady? Tom Brady's the part owner of the, the Raiders. Now Raiders? You probably didn't know that. No, I knew that. Like I needed Vrabel to go to the Patriots so Ben Johnson could come to the Bears. Now it's, it's back to, there's multiple seats open for those two. I I understand they were long time teammates, but is there any, any personal evidence that says he's gonna tie his future career into whatever Tom Brady wants him to do? I think Mike Vrabel iss a pretty good coach. And I think he, yeah, I You don't have a quarterback though. Actually Raiders is not Ben Johnson. So that Raiders could be, Why wouldn't Raiders be Dion Sanders?


Why wouldn't Vrbo, why wouldn't VRBO be Patriot Patriots? What's A laugh was kind movie. I think he's not, he's not a good enough coach for it. I Think he will be Patriots. I don't know where, I don't think Ben Johnson be Raiders 'cause they don't have a quarterback. Okay. But I need Vrabel to go to the Patriots so that Ben Johnsons could go to the Bears Fair. Alright. So that's where I'm nervous. 'cause if Vrabel goes to the Raiders, then Ben Johnson will go to the Patriots. And you believe in the year of our lower 2025, the Patriots are a more appealing destination for Ben Johnson than the Bears would be. I am The quarterback. Maybe Big connections guy. Hold, I mean, I feel like both Quarterbacks are No, They're both good. What I'm saying is like, it's not so the quarterback obviously is why somebody would be interested in New England. Yeah. Second is Robert Kraft feels like he would typically be a good owner to work with.


But I bet for a coach, an offensive minded coach, I know I, whatever he put on the field this year, I bet Caleb Williams is really fucking enticing. Yeah, I bet you think you can unlock the best of him. Here's the, I do all my coach Hirings and firings on connections. That's why Mike Vrabel to the Raiders, Tom Brady. Sure. Ben Johnson played quarterback at UNCE. But Drake may also did. It's as simple as that. All right. That's what makes me nervous. I Also think that the, the guy who is the longtime offensive coordinator of a team, that he's been very committed to the Lions. He stayed outta the coaching search last year. He, he took himself out 'cause he wanted to return to the Lions. Yeah. He's super close. I think it'd be, it's not impossible for him to do it, but I think it's, it adds another reason why he maybe wouldn't want to go to the Bears.


But guys, we can talk about the NFL when the season starts again next year. Season's over. Yeah. No, I know. We just, we were gonna have to include this in the podcast anyway, so why not just do it over to, are They doing, they're not, are they doing a playoff this year for the NFL? So we actually Do a transfer portal after the season's over. I know that sounds weird. That Is weird. Yeah. And the playoffs actually, it's not based on just a bunch of old dudes sitting in a Room. Why not? Yeah. It's, it's weird. Alright, so Texas. So you think the pressure on Ohio State, I Think I, I could, Could surface, I think it could resurface and we've seen Ryan Day not be able to deal with that before. Right? Yeah. If all of a sudden he's the heavy favorite again and, and you have no excuse not to not to win. I feel like that could creep back on him. Him and Chip Kelly. Who, how does Texas win this game? I'm, I'm personally, I'm kind of done with Quinn.


Yours experience. So Texas is the, is probably the most interesting team. I believe they have Ohio State ceiling in there somewhere every now and then for like two drives. Maybe a quarter. That Texas offense looks like. Oh my God. Sark will get in his bag, a misdirection play. Sark get Play in his bag. Yeah. Quinn will be throwing darts. 'cause every now and then Quinn viewers just throws fucking darts and then he'll throw a floater into triple coverage. And you're like, what? Where did this guy come from? If they could for four quarters tap into their actual true potential, which is gonna be tough against Ohio State, which I think is the best defense in the country. It's gonna be tough against them. But if they could, they're as talented as Ohio State. Yeah. Or they're, you know what? They're not as talented. Nobody is, but they're as talented as anybody not named Ohio State.


And that would give 'em a puncher chance. Yeah. So do you think that the formula is gonna be run the ball, get physical for Texas? They they have a very good offensive line. No, I think it, I I don't, I don't think so. That defensive line's really, really good. I think it has to be making plays 25 yards down the field. I think it has to be Marcus Golden. I think it has to be even maybe get Isaiah Bond involved. It has to be Quinn ERs hitting at least three or four game breaking passes Or put on Michigan uniforms Or put on Michigan uniforms. And that causes Chip Kelly and Ryan Daye to fucking freak out and wanna win the game a certain way that they shouldn't be wanting to win the game like that. They do have a golden and a blue. Yes. It's, I know it's not in maze and blue. Right. But it's close. Well, golden and blue would be, would be Notre Dame, wouldn't it?


No, but Blue and Gold would be Notre Dame. They Got, they got two players. Golden, blue and blue. Yeah, but that's not Michigan. That's his name isn't Maize. That's true. That's what I said. Which is Mexican. I said, I know it's not maze, but It's close. May is Mexican corn. Right? It is corn or Native American corn. Native American. Oh it Native American Corn maze. Yeah. So your, your official pick is Ohio State. I kind of wanna take the over in this game is Texas. Texas defense is good though too. It Is very good. It also gave up 510 yards and 31 points to Arizona State. That's thing that wasn't a fluke. Arizona State didn't fluke that game. They just bullied him in the second half. The bigger fluke. I mean, Arizona State had the ball in the red zone in the first half, four times. Didn't score any points. Yeah.


Like they, they moved the ball all day. Finally scattered Booo and, and Levitt got it going. But they scored fi 31 points. It's overtime. So they scored 24 in regulation, but they had 510 yards. Yeah. That's a lot of yards. How do you shut down Jeremiah Smith? You don't. Not possible. You Don't. You just, you either, you either just hope you shut down everybody else or you hope Chip, Kaley and Ryan Day don't force feed him like they've been force feeding him. You Hope that they probably should. Yeah. You Right. They didn't force beat him against Michigan. Like they didn't force beat him against Penn State the first time. Yeah. And, and they, they kind of, they kind of pussy footed around it. They came out in the playoff and realized, Hey, we have the best receiver room in the country. 'cause it's not just Jeremiah Smith. He's the one getting the inlines.


But PCA's been great. Like Cornell Tate's been pretty good too. Like they have their third best receiver would be the best receiver on any other team. And you just hope they go away from that. Yeah. You gotta get inside their brain somehow Against Penn State and against Michigan. Ohio State ran the ball on first down, ran the ball on second down and tried to be tougher upfront. Tried to be out and out physical teams and they couldn't do it. As long as they don't try to do that again. I don't know how you stop 'em. So the the thing that concerns me is, and I agree with you, I was planning on betting on Ohio State. Yeah. I feel like they, they're not gonna make the same mistakes that they made against Michigan. They just can't, that was like shock therapy where they woke up. Right. And they're like, okay, we can't do that again. But it also seems like everybody else in America is saying Ohio State by two touchdowns.


Well, Texas is a hell of a lot better than Michigan too, right? Yeah. They beat the fuck outta. Yeah. So, so Texas, I don't want them to get disrespected here. I just don't think they have the high end. They don't have the high end potential of Ohio State because Quinn ERs can never be that guy for a full game. They have not played, played a full game yet. It's consistency. Yeah. They've consistently, they they played, you know that SEC championship game, they played Georgia very tough. Yeah. They got killed by Georgia when they, when they played at home in Austin. And then all the rest of their resume is, you know, Not much. Even like I said, even the Clemson game, I mean Clem, they were killing Clemson. Clemson again, it was never 14 points. Yeah. Right. But it was, it was also like, wait, whoa, do we have to look at this game again? Yeah. And I can imagine like a NFL scout as they get ready for the draft and I think he's gonna go back to college and transfer somewhere else.


But like looking at Quinn viewers has to be one of the most frustrated things you can look at. 'cause you will see three throws and you're like, this guy is a top five pick. I can't, I, we gotta trade up and get this guy. And then the next three throws, nobody get near this guy undrafted free agent. Yeah. The game winning throw against Arizona State was incredible. That was a great play by him. Yeah. Like standing in the face of pressure 13, that one. Yeah. That was a great throw. Gotta give him credit for, he's capable of doing great Things, but the interception he threw was six minutes left when they nursing eight point lead was among the worst throws you've ever seen. He throws in a double coverage and he floats it. It just basically an armpit. I would trust him more if he brought the mullet back. I'd agree. I kind of would agree with that too. Yeah. Yeah. It at least indicates, you know, some, some swagger to him that he really doesn't have. Right. It would actually transform this entire discussion from like, ah, he really fru frustrates me with the interceptions to That's Quinn.


He's a gun slinger. Yeah. Right. He's gonna take his chances. What? So Ohio State beats Penn State in the national championship. I I Think Ohio State beats Penn State in the national man. That would be such a imagine. James Franklin wins a national championship over Ohio State. It would basically Right. Solve every one of his life's problems. Who's that a bigger kick in the dick for? Is it a bigger kick if James Franklin finally breaks through, gets to the national title game and he has to play Ohio State a team that he just can't beat. Or Ryan Day fights where everything gets to the national title game and then loses to Penn State who he's never lost. Oh, you know what it'd be? Ohio State fights through, gets to the national championship, loses to Notre Dame. Lou Holtz laughs in his face. Mm. Oh, I didn't even think of that. Should Well, When wakes up the next day, right? Yeah. When he wake, they should actually, do you know how ESPN always does like the seven different simulcast Sure.


Than Natty Sure. A Lou Holtz can, one should be like the Lou Holtz cast and it's just him asleep on his chair. But To answer your question, I think it would probably be a bigger kick in the dick to Ryan Day. Only because James Franklin is kind of used to it. Yeah. Yeah. Like he's, he's been there done that losing to Ohio State. No one will be like, oh man, James Franklin lost to Ohio State. If Ryan Day loses to Penn State in the national championship game after losing to Michigan at the end of the season. Sure. And you're already in, you're January 20th, you can't fire him. Right. That would be very unsettling for Ohio State. Whereas Penn State would be like, listen, we just got to the national title. We we gotta stay the course. Yeah. You know, keep taking shots. James Franklin. Yeah. He can't beat Ohio State, but maybe someday we'll get there.


And as, as much as I, I like Penn State and think they're a very good team. They, the roster's not as good as Ohio State's like. Right. Them losing to Ohio State would not Be, they don't have a Jeremiah Smith. Nobody does. Right. But they never Yeah. Like, it, it feels like they're always missing that one guy on the outside. Right. That can be just everything. Yeah. They Are. Is it any, any home field advantage at all for Texas? I don't think so. I I think Ohio State travels well enough and it'll be 50 50 worse. What? It'll be 60 40, something like that. I don't think there'll be a home field advantage. Ohio State's very concerned about the temperature at Gametime. We saw that with Tennessee too. I think it's gonna be very cold actually in Dallas. Is it? Is It It's indoors it's world, But it's gonna be live outside. Might Bump the ac they're having some What If someone leaves the door open? They're expecting some snow. Yeah. Yeah. What if someone leaves the door open?


What the, the in jerry world? The big door? Yeah. There's a giant window with the sun. Yeah. Wouldn't but you don't respect The sun. Wouldn't Ohio State want to leave the door open? So it could be the northern Texas. Yeah. I don't think so. That's actually my favorite sunset in sports is that like 15 minute window when it's at Jerry World and it blinds all the receivers. Yeah. Remember? Yeah. I guess they still have that. I guess I, I remember Texas Stadium when I was a kid too that had the whole directly in the roof and it was just awful. Oh. It's the dumbest thing ever. It was the Leon let one of the Leon let games. Yeah. Where he the the fumble against the dolphins. Yeah. So that God could watch the Cowboys. That's what they said. Yeah. It Was snowing. Snowing in an indoor stadium. That's Right. Yeah. Crazy.


Okay, I got a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com promo code take.


Who's gonna win the 2026 national title? That's a great question. Thank You. Great question. Thank you. So Jeremiah Smith will be back. Maybe he transfers To, to where Wisconsin, Whoever wants to pay him $10 million. He should just do it. Yeah. See if He could probably make more money in college football in the next two years. You think Portnoy would try to get his rich uncle to buy him too? I don't know if he's related to Larry Ellison. How big? He's probably gonna call him that soon. Yeah. How big of a Michigan fan is Larry Ellison's girlfriend? Gotta be the biggest in the world. 12 million. Who? So when the Texas with Arch Manning.


How about Texas? Oh, okay. I think they're still gonna be real damn good. Is Ka Borg gonna Be okay? No. Oh. He will be a two and out guy. Whoa. He will be a who's their quarterback next year. It is very funny that Alabama, like they're kind of not screwed in NIL but they are not the same as Ohio State or Michigan. Or Texas. No. Like they don't have the same, or, and boosters. Yeah. Listen, Alabama, not to brag, but me and Elli didn't sit on his couch before the year and said Alabama's not gonna be competing for national hockey. Melrose is not good enough. I Also said, Travis Hunter win the Heisman, but Mil you did. But Millrose was still the best they had. Like what's, what's coming down the pipe in Alabama and running back? They, they've been normal forever receiver.


They're normal. Well, Ryan Williams, They're just Ryan Williams. Sure. Yeah. Just A good point. Big Cat, not Normal whatsoever. They are way closer to a normal SEC team than they've ever been. And nothing is happening to make me think that's gonna change. So Nick Sas gonna have to come back and save him. I don't know. I guarantee you if if they go nine and three again or nine and four with the, with a bull out, he's out. I got two words for you. They will not let that happen To, let's come down to the pipeline of quarterback Jaden Rashada. Mm. Jayden Rashada. Do you want, do you want in on him? I, no, no. He doesn't want in on him. He won't stay anywhere long enough to be in on something. Okay. He Does have a pretty crazy resume. He's been, he's one, one year in school. He is been to three schools. Yeah. And Then I think in high school he went to two or three different high schools. Yeah.


I just, he's guys, He's a friendly guy And Oregon has a guy who, who signed In December. Yeah. Who signed in And transferred and already transferred. Like, these guys don't understand. Just go somewhere and plant yourself for a year or two and see, just, just see what happens and see how it unfolds. Don't just leave Immediately. My, my big fix for the transfer portal is, 'cause now schools coming up, schools are gonna be able to pay directly. Yeah. To the players. What you should do is freshmen should get whatever, let's just say round numbers 50 K. Yeah. Sophomores get a hundred K, juniors get 150, whatever it is. If you transfer, you go back to freshmen. That's not a terrible idea. I, I thought of maybe, maybe if you sign outta high school, you have to stay somewhere two years.


Now that's not very American and it's not very free, but it, I think it's better for the players like I do too. If you transfer, if you transfer immediately, you're never going to 'cause it's gonna make it, it's like a concussion. Right. And once you get one, it's easier to do it again. Is that true? I think so. Like Jill and Hertz having two this year. Did he have two? He might have had one of the first commanders. We have so many of these transfer zombies that are out that four and five and six and seven schools. Schools. He Post game interview in that game. It's ridiculous. He's wearing glasses. Yeah. It's, we're Doing Jalen Hertz now. I don't no, He's just in the concussion program. We're worried about him. I don't know what it's gonna look like when the schools start paying directly, but you are gonna be able to, you can have contracts. I don't think that's un-American. If you sign up for a contract and you like, probably have some sort of collective bargaining with the players.


Well, what people don't realize is this is college football. It's great that the schools are gonna be paying 'em and everything, but the behind the scenes and the under the table, money's still gonna be flowing bigger than ever. Of course. Yeah. So all these freshmen that are Oh, he is only getting 50 k. Yeah. He's not getting 50 k. He's getting 500 K somewhere else. Right. So it's all, it's all gonna be nasty. I I've My take on the whole transfer portal and NIL stuff is the pendulum has swung as we, we for the longest time, guys couldn't make, they couldn't even fucking get a job. Yeah. Now we've swung all the way the other way and we're gonna find somewhere in the middle. I just feel like some players, you know, I like player freedom. I like guys going to find an opportunity. And some of these schools lie to players, but sometimes when you go to a place and you leave immediately, you never give yourself a chance to grow into anything.


Correct. And if you're always looking for the quick fix, the school is too and you're never gonna find anything. Right. And you're just gonna be that guy for the entire five years you're in college. It never gonna work Out. And if you don't have an NFL career, having a college career at one school, that means something. Right. Is very valuable. Yeah. You look at a guy like Jalen Hertz, he stuck around, right? Yeah. He stuck through it, showed that he's a good teammate. Then he got outta there And then he got concussed toys. Yeah. He, yeah. Packer Dan, he went to the school that valued loyalty the most. He's probably a, a great backup quarterback. That's the, that's what you can say about that man. So you guys are just transitioned fully into messing with Max right now? Yep. Well Would you say it's, if your quarterback's a concussion protocol the week of a playoff Game, that's not great.


Big cat's trying to play this game that like he's huge Eagle Max this week. I am. I need the Eagles. This, I need him outta concussion Protocol. I need him to beat the Packers, but I need him, but also really wants concussion to call me about jail and her. Well Max, so it's Packer Dan, you would've admit You would've meant Max the Monday of a playoff game here in the work concussion protocol is troubling. Thank you. It is troubling a technicality. It's a bad technicality. It was impossible for to get out of concussion protocol yesterday. But is That not a troubling technic? He's concussed? No. He would've had to have gotten out of concussion protocol last week if he was going because he wasn't out a con concussion protocol last week. He had to still be in concussion protocol Monday.


I think Let just, I'm to get, I'll just say this. I think the fact that Max is talking so much about the concussion. No, you're Talking about the concussion probably. I'm, I'm, I'm not, I'm not triggered pack. I know what you're trying to do. Why Packer Dan? When Barstow big pack was right there. Yeah. Because Yankee, Dan Packer, Dan, Let's get him out of concussion protocol. And he did have, that is his second. If you look at the video after the Washington game, the first one. Sorry, he might have been concussed. I was just here. Oh yeah. So PFT just is a constant state of concussion. No, we just, we just hit guys hard. We played physical Football. You said that. Yeah. Because you were wearing sunglasses in the concussion. Well, yeah. If you wear sunglasses inside, actually P fucked Up with your Brain. Did have a concussion. The salt. She I've, yeah. I had multiple concussions. I also may have gotten bit by a rabid bat.


So still came out. Did the show the next thing? Bang. Brandon, thank you so much for joining us. Yeah. Appreciate it. College football expert. Do you have any questions for us? No, no. I just as my first official appearance as the official college football expert on this show, officially I had a good time officially. Okay. Okay. Officially, good job. Can, And we never did actually say but the contest that I won, I had three schools left in the college football playoff. Four. Elli has one. He has Penn State. Okay. If Penn State wins it all, I think Fornel should probably win. That's what I said. Yeah. But No, he, even if they win at all, he is still short of my point total. 'cause I've been so dominant So far. But if you don't get the champion, it's Kind of un-American. That's not what we said. We'll Have to review the tape.


You, you can review the tape. He also like two bi schools. That's him. That's him. If you choose by That catch, That's Counts choice. Are those are wins too. But yeah, if you, we'll review USA Rugby does the same thing. If you finish in second place long enough, you get first place. It's like Kobe Bryant's career. It's like he was never the best player ever in the NBA. Sure. But he was always like number two, three. Now guys, I have officially already made an appearance as the, as the expert. I don't know what we, we can't undo it now we're Re that out. It's clip what out. We're gonna bleep out me saying expert at any Time. We, we can bleep out the Kobe stuff too. I don't, I don't have time for the Kobe stands to Bleep out Concussion as well. And then the whole entire podcast will just be a bleep. Alright. Thanks Brandon. Yep. You Fat bleep


Brandon Walker was brought to you by Netflix and their gripping new limited series coming called American Prime Evil starring Taylor Kitch and Betty Gilpin. American Prime Evil is about one of the most beautiful, brutal and isolated parts of America in 1857. As men and women violently clash over land, culture, religion, and community, American Prime Evil is a very violent story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival. As one woman fights to save her son as they try to get through the land. American Prime Evil is brought to you by Pete Berg, Mark L. Smith and Eric Newman. American Prime Evil. Only on Netflix. January 9th.


Alright, Let's finish up with Guys On Chicks. Henry, Hank, how Many of these questions are hey, as a female, A WLI was greatly disappointed to hear that Max would not attend my bachelorette party. A lot. A lot. It's, And that's sad. I didn't, I I was just abiding by the rules. I was obliging to the Obliging. Did anyone tell you that? You were saying that word incorrectly. Oh yeah. Yeah. Isn't that disgusting, Hank that we have a producer that can't pronounce words. Yeah, it's Sickening. Did you guys hear the other day? I would, I, if I lost that bet, I would be at So many Bachelor parties. That's the Thing about me. Yeah, you would would, that's the thing about Hank, that's the thing about me, is he loves women. Did you guys Yeah. They had respect them. Yeah. This unlike Max, I have a girlfriend.


What is that? So you can't respect women. Women if you have, She could go too. If you're in a relationship, you can't respect women. What do you Mike Pence can't be in the same room. Must respect women are your girlfriend. Max is afraid to get in a room with some of that peanut butter skin. Yeah. You just know what you do. So you gotta stay away from It. Oh God. Those those cannons. You, You know what you're capable of. Max. The, I meant to bring this up. I don't know, I was like, maybe, I think it was over Christmas. Maybe Char do you Charles DI think it was Charles Davis. We had a, because I was talking about a, a oblige and how you said that wrong, he said it was a Nicklaus situation. He said Cano.


Rockney. Oh yeah. And he was like, that's actually, if you, if you look it up, that's actually how it was pronounced. That's how he would've read the word. Yeah. So, Hey Cano, Rockney. Am I, am I wrong? But is this the hundred year anniversary of the Canoe Rockney? I don't Know. Is this, was it the Four Horsemen of Notre Dame, right? Yeah. I'm pretty, What are you guys talk? What what Is that? I'm pretty sure that Was Newt Rockney is a famous football player. I'm pretty sure that was 1925. Way Back When. If so, Or, or coach. Sorry If so that would be like, I mean Team of Destiny Notre Dame, right? Yeah. Not the Echo is getting, literally getting woken up. He coached from 18 19 18 to 1930. So Cano Rockney, shout out the legend. Yeah.


The, the four horsemen. 1924 included the four horsemen backfield. The Harry stole Dre, Dre Reer, Don Miller, Jim Crowley, and Elmer Laden. Eler Laden don't see a lot of Elmer's in the backfield anymore. Elmer Laden was a problem. Elmer Laden. Alright. Hey Guys, On Chicks. Speaking of pronunciation, this actually kind of plays into it. We also gotta note about this. KETO. Keto. Keto, Keto, Keto. Yeah. That, that's the correct pronunciation. Okay. Fun fact. Okay. My boyfriend decided he was going on a keto diet to start the new year. I thought, I always thought it was keto too. Ketosis.


Yeah. Yeah. Is it ketosis? Ke I guess. I don't know. Is it ke keto? Keto kalin. My boyfriend decided he was going on a keto diet to start the new year. I thought he was kidding. But when I came home from work the other day, he filled almost the entire fridge and freezer with meat. Yep. Like a fridge almost entirely of fish, beef, and chicken. He's not crazy. Chunky. And I never said he had to lose weight. I actually liked the little plump. I actually like little Plump. That's mean. But He's fully doing this and it's kind of annoying. Probably smell piss smells bad too. Right? Am I a bad girlfriend if I tell him to stop because I don't want our entire fridge and freezer filled with meat. Do I let him go for this? I'm thinking this resolution will ends soon. Anyways, that's that's the answer. Yes. You Gotta just ride it out. He's Gonna, he's gonna want carbs by Friday.


Yeah. The, the every diet goes the same way. We're Like, especially the January 1st one. Yeah. In the, in the keto. You're like, damn, this is awesome. I can eat steak, I can eat bacon. All I have to do is eat meat. And then you do it for like two weeks and you say, shit, you know what I would like die for right now is a piece of pizza. Yeah. Guys see like an influencer who's in tremendous shape. He is. Like, all they have to do is eat as much meat as I want all the time. And it's very easy for a guy to say, yeah, that sounds like the easiest diet ever. But at the end of the day, he's gonna want a bag of chips. I I went through this with the dunk when I was like looking up the easiest and or no the fastest ways to lose weight without, you know, losing like muscle or strength and it's keto. Yeah. But it's, then I looked into actually how would you do it?


And I was like, I'm not, that's not possible. Yeah. No it's, it's, it's kind of one of those trick diets where if you say, Hey, it's a Google, like how do I do this? How? Yeah. And, and you say, Hey, do you like steak? Yes. Oh, do you like chicken? Yes. Well I have a diet for you. But then you eat it and you're just like, this Sucks. Yeah. Also, you know what else I really like is all the sides that come with steak. Yeah. Yeah. Gimme the gimme, gimme the cream of corn. Gimme The twice baked potato. Yeah. Gimme the mashed, gimme the sweet potato fries. Gimme all that shit. Gimme the lobster Mac. It turns out that everything has carbs in it. And sugar. And sugar, which Is the Carb. But I'm not eating candy. But you're right. Grapes. When I found out grapes were carbs blew my mind.


It did. Yeah. Yeah. Hey guys, my husband is a huge Baltimore sports fan. We are expecting our first child and he's adamant on naming the boy Jackson. Well I do love the name Jackson. He wants to name the middle. He wants to name the middle name. Either Lamar or Holiday is enough. Enough. Or do I bend the knee? Has his sports fandom gone too far to run for the hills? Oh, you gotta go holiday. I mean that's 'cause you, you cover both or does that then take away the Lamar? What, what's the question? I Don't think it covers, I think it's just Jackson Hollow. Yeah, He's just naming him his name I Think. And Jackson Holiday is also, he's a great prospect. But Yeah, you might want to be, be Lamar Jackson would be a safer bet.


What if Jackson like it happens a lot. That good prospects. Yeah. What about Jackson Gunner? That would be good. I like Gunner. I think Gunner Jackson flows a Little. Gunner Jackson is great. All right. Yeah. Gunner Jackson Jackson's cool. If you want to go with like a tried and true Baltimore guy, you could go Calvin Jackson Then. He sounds like a, a future president. It's true. I Jackson's actually not a bad first name because you can, you can do things with it. You can shorten Jack. Like, you give them chances if you, if you're, if you're naming your son something after a sports player or, or something weird. Give them a chance. Give them a chance to change it if they want. So they become Jack. That's not a weird thing. Yeah, I've I've Also don't do the XI don't think he would.


But the J-A-X-O-N is crazy. Also Jackson to me sounds like more of a southern name, doesn't it? Yeah. Like if you're from Georgia, you're name Jackson. That's different from if you're from Baltimore. A Nashville suburb. Yeah. How about this? How about Jackson Stavros? Mm, That's good. Jackson Stavros The Wire. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I think Jackson Thoughs a good name. Maybe don't do Jackson Holiday because then that's just then your name after Jackson Holiday, not Lamar Jackson. And also, like Max said, prospects don't always pan out. Also The one Jackson that we know sucks. What's the Jackson McCarthy? McCarthy's Jackson. Oh, he's Jackson. That's, I should know that 'cause I'm his dad.


Also, there's something weird about naming, naming your son after like a 21-year-old that's not related to you. Right? Yeah. You want, with Lamar at least he's got some age and he's, he's become a part of Baltimore. Yeah. When at this point it's like you're naming your son after a 21-year-old who's good at sports. Yeah. I I think you were right with the cow thing. Like you wanna name a after a guy whose career's over 'cause you can't change it now. You could change it in like, I don't know, hypothetically like a double murder kind of situation. So maybe don't name, name Moj. But you can't, you, you can't change what they tid what they did after they retired. So maybe Go Cal or Lamar Jackson safe. Just because at bare minimum he's got two MVPs.


Yeah. And he was electric. Like if he never wins a Super Bowl, you still would be like he had an insane career. But Would that, like if you were from Miami, you named your kid Marino. Hmm. Yeah. Maybe Go Joe Flacco. Yeah. Flaco Jackson. The wire. Flacco Jackson. Gunner Flacco Jackson. The wire gunner last name. Alright, we'll end with a pardon in your take. Hey boys. New take. Why hasn't anyone tried to block a field goal at the crossbar? Obviously it would never have to be, obviously it would have to be a long field goal. So the kick has a chance of landing short, but I feel like there's enough there to at least give it a try. The Lions could have tried against the Ravens back when Tucker kicked the 66 yarder.


The crossbar is 10 feet above the ground and anyone who can dunk could give it a shot. What do you guys think? Much love. Go hawk. I I agree with this. I don't know if it's legal. Can you? I'm looking, I'm goal tend Field goal rules right now. Okay. I'm not sure but we're gonna find out what would make It illegal. What's difference? I, I don't dunno if there's goal tending, What's the difference between five inches and I agree and 50 yards because agree. I, because if not, why not use you sign wimpy for a playoff contract and just put 'em back there On field goals? I'm guessing you can't put your hand on the crossbar, but if you're just straight up jumping up. Alright. So entire Ball must pass through the vertical plane of the goal, which is the area above the crossbar.


If the ball passes through the goal and returns through the goal without striking the ground or some object or person beyond the goal, the attempt is unsuccessful. It's so I'm reading right here that Morris Stroud of the Chiefs used to do that and then they changed the rule. Rule 12 section three. Article one is formerly known as the Stroud rule goal tending by any player leaping up to deflect a kick as it passes above the crossbar of a goalpost is prohibited. The referee could award three points for a palpably unfair act. Huh. That's bullshit. That is bullshit. I think you should get, what would be interesting is if they changed the rule where you can goal tend, you have to catch it though. Or it's a live ball. That'd Be hard.


I know. But it would be, you know, at the end of a game like, hey we gotta, this guy's gotta, 'cause then how electric would be if the guy tipped it to himself and dropped it and then it became goal tending. And If you, if you rejected above the crossbar and catch it and return it for a touchdown that's worth 10 points. I Like that. That's automatic Super Bowl. Yeah. I like that a lot. That This is a weird penalty for them to implement because the, the chance of this happening gotta be very, very rare. Right. Yeah, I'd agree it doesn't, I mean I guess someone was doing it but yeah. Yeah. So it sounds like they made it illegal. That sucks. That'd be fun. I also wish that the Arizona state field goal counted people were trying to say that it did. Oh, The one that bounced in?


Yeah. Yeah, That'd be cool as well. Okay. Numbers What? Were like a week into 2025 and meme still has never gotten it. I'm gonna go with 5 11 3. Do you want Three? No, I'm thinking 33. Let me find that number in Here. Memes. What are you most worried about? PFT Getting it for a second time or Jack getting it and then you being literally the only one to get It. Pft Hass never gotten it by himself. Oh, that's actually not true. Yeah, He actually has gotten it. I got it By, by Himself on this machine. I've gotten it on the old machine. I get it several times.


You've never gotten on any machine ever. That's crazy. I also think memes like something people don't under, like people underestimate the fact that you never got it in the old office either. Yeah, they never got it. I also think something's up with memes. I think he like got concussed over the break or something. 'cause he seems like a little bit happier. I don't know what it is. It's the jumpsuit. Oh really? He's really excited about the jumpsuit. Like he was smiling to me today. I was like, this is weird. Memes got hacked. Great. We've never done this before. Yeah. And the jet season is over. Yeah. And we're winning the Super Bowl this year. Nice. Okay.


3 8 21 99 Pug. 48. 40 eight's. Jack, what was yours? PFT five Max. What was yours? 11. What was yours Hank? 33 57. 57. Love you guys.