
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We have a two for, for the people. We have Dickie V on the show talking Final Four. We only had 'em for about 15 minutes because his voice, he's still working it back, but it was have to have Dickie V on when offered. And then we have WWE Champion Cody Rhodes in studio. Really awesome interview. He was great. Cool, cool guy. So we had a lot of fun talking to him. We're talk some Final Four. We're the hell is Aaron Rodgers gonna play football next year.


We also had some NBA stuff go down.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The finals for March Mania are here. And the only thing for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball this season. It's been an amazing ride to get there, but full of unexpected happenings. Maybe there will be more getting on there. All the action expected and unexpected with DraftKings Sportsbook. With live betting, exclusive content promos and parlays. DraftKings is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple First time. Here's something special just for you. New DraftKings customers bet $5. Get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Bet the unexpected with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. Football. My, yeah, my, my yeah, my Welcome to, Pardon My Take. Presented by DraftKings Bet the Unexpected with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Friday, April 4th, and then there were four.


March Madness comes down to San Antone. Do you say San an Antonio or San Antonio? You can say San Antone if you wanna sound like you're selling Salsa San Antone. I realize too, Charles Barkley having to do live shows in in San an Antonio is great. Listen, Charles Barkley, when he is talking about the big old women, don't act like Charles doesn't sneak a peek. Yeah. San Antone, Who amongst us doesn't. So we have it. We're ready. Duke, Houston, Auburn, Florida. This will be I it is the best Final four I think ever. Just if you're looking at statistics, I have to tell myself that, yeah, I have to tell myself that this weekend is gonna be the best weekend of college basketball of my life. Every single team in this Final Four any other year is probably a champion without, you know what I mean?


Without this type of competition, that's how good they all are. And I have been saying for a month and a half now that it is Duke's year. And I do fully think that they are, they feel like even though it's a loaded Final Four, they feel a little step ahead. But I'm excited to watch the games. I will not be rooting for Duke, but I am also resigned to the fact they will probably win if, If Duke doesn't lose. You talk about an all time wasted meme from the White Lotus. Right? I know. Like it feels like that that has to be used at some point. Yeah, it would, it would be a real shame if it wasn't. I do find myself also rooting for Duke 'cause they're fun to root for. Well, I'm not rooting for it, But then well I find myself enjoying them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because they're, they're fun to watch. But also then I think about what would those crying faces look like?


And they would be some good crying faces, Some really good crying Faces. And you get crying moms. Yeah. That you've seen. I think Con con nipple might be a good cry. He Would be a great cry. Yeah. That's what I'm focused on, is like, the cheeks would get extra red. It would be a solid cry. Yeah. So I'm gonna be rooting for the Cougs, but I do think that Duke is gonna win. By the way, side tangent. Should we do a finale review of White Lotus next week? Because I have a lot of thoughts on this show and it's, it's starting to piss me off. Should we do that? I think we could, yeah. Do you want me to watch it? Does everyone watch just the finale? Yeah. Yes. Okay. Yes. No spoilers. But yeah, watch just the finale. Hank is not watched any of White Lotus. The finale is Sunday night.


I've watched two episodes of Season one, but I'm told that doesn't matter or they're Not related. They are. There's one a little tiny, there's a thread. One thread. See if you can pick up on the thread. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Watch the, watch. The first episode of season one, the first episode of season two, and then the finale of season three and see if you can figure out This. Right. I just keep thinking to myself like, this is the place that Cliff Kingsbury bought a one-way ticket to. Oh Yeah, that's right. Remember that? I forgot about that. I think that's the horniest move that an adult male can do. Yeah. Is to buy a one-way ticket to Thailand. Yeah. Yeah. I would say so. But now he's back. Yeah. Horst and weirdest. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we know from what's, what's Sam Rockwell's character. Yes. Yeah. Which I, well I got a lot of tips.


We'll save it for the recap. I just, yeah. The, the Greg Gary Guy pisses me off. Yeah. He just, he just keeps staying at white lotus's. It's fucking crazy. He loves it. He loves it there. Hey dude. Go to a different, Go. Any hotel anywhere in the world. Yep. Just keeps going to white lotuses. But yeah, basketball, yeah, basketball Pump for the Final four. I don't know what to expect in Florida. I can't, I I've closed my eyes. I've tried to visualize this game. Basically if, if Clayton is hot, Florida wins. Yeah. I, I'm curious to see what Florida's gonna do. 'cause Conn's a really, really good defender. And I think they might just be like, Hey look, we're gonna, we're gonna let B Broome do what he does and if he scores, you know, in the post, that will be fine.


We can't let the, you know, their guards Denver Jones and, and Pettiford just go crazy. But I'm, I both, these games are gonna be great. I'm, I'm very excited. I think they're gonna deliver, I think we're gonna get two close games because I, I keep going back to like Florida. Auburn to me is a complete, like, toss up because I, I just think though both those teams are battle tested. Auburn was the best team for 29 of the 29 games of the regular season. Obviously the end weren't as good, but they found their footing. Florida was probably the hottest team going down the stretch. Houston Duke. My only like hope as someone who does not like Duke is that Houston has man strength that Duke's not ready for.


But I know that's also not true because Cooper Flag's so good. Malak is so good. Proctor's so good. Like Nipple is so good. So they're, and by the way, I know that I'm not saying his name right, but I'm calling him Nipple 'cause that's just what We're doing. It's way more fun to see them. It's so much more Fun. Yeah. You, you might be right. I, I don't know. Houston is a lot older. Are they? I do think that makes somewhat of a difference at that age. Yeah. The only problem is Duke is like, so Duke is so fundamentally sound in every like, portion of the game that like Houston, the, the way Houston wins these games a lot of times is, you know, they, they are not the best shooting team but they get so many offensive rebounds and then Duke is just gonna get all the defensive rebounds.


'cause Duke is just fundamentally sound. So it's like all those Houston, Houston, Kelvin Sampson's, Houston always has that calculation where they're like, we don't have to shoot great because we'll just keep shooting and we'll get 15 more shots than the other team. They Shot pretty good last week. Yeah. Yeah. Hank, do you have any thoughts You rooting for Duke? I'm rooting for Houston. I have a Houston future that I put in after the Eagles won the Super Bowl. So I have Houston straight up, I think it's nine to one. And then I have a natural parlay of Trey Young to win Clutch Player of the Year and Houston and make Final Four. What's the, I just said, you know, hand in hand, like obviously Oh you would parlay those things. Yeah. Naturally you had to also parlay Trey Young.


Yeah. Like if you're gonna bet Trey Young be win Clut for the, you have to win. You have to also bet Houston to make the Final Four. What Were the odds, like how do you go about setting the odds for Clutch Player of the year? I just ask Steve and Shea, it was right after the Eagles won and I'm like, Steve and I just want a bunch of money. I want to basically invest in some futures is how I think about it. Like store some money away. And he gave me some very Steve, she analytical answer about how Trey Young is a, is a definitely gonna win clutch player of the year. This was in February. It's not looking great right now. Yeah. So, and I guess he missed like three shots in the last two minutes last night, including the game winner. That could have been it. Yeah. So that's an issue. But I also have Houston straight up to, to win the championship.


This was before the tournament, obviously. Maybe get a cash out. Well, I Don't think you can call Steven Cha also, I, I unfortunately sat down in the gambling cave two days ago and over Oh No. On the cell blue call. Oh yeah. It was sell blue. Yeah, it was sell Blue call and they were just talking about it. And so now I am rooting for Anthony Edwards. Anthony Edwards Win Clutch player of the Year. Just to go against Steven. Chet? No, Steven, No, No, no. Which I would understand Stevens Like Stevens's incredible value. Yeah, he made me bet. I bet it. Okay. I have Anthony Edwards to win Clutch Player of the year. Such a made up award. Yeah. Can I, is that, is that bet still open? Can I be on that? Yes. Jalen Brunson is minus one 70 right now, but he's hurt and there's a chance he doesn't meet the Game requirement. Game Requirement player of the year.


Yoic is gonna win. Yeah. He's plus one 90 Trey Young's plus five 50 and that's dropped significantly like it used to. He was plus, you know, one 90 for, for a while And Anthony Edwards was like 51 51 And Steven Shea thinks that they just decided on who scores the most clutch points. And Anthony Edwards is only four points behind in the clutch points. Scored The most ridiculous award of all time. And it was also Steven be, I'm like, Steven Wil, I, you know, I need a, a good, good future. He goes, oh Trey Young clutch player of the year. That's completely made Up. What the fuck? Yeah. A fictional award. Yeah. But he's got a hot feeling for it. There should be an opposite award least Clutch player. Yeah. I I did like JJ Reddit. Did you guys see him? Yeah. Just trashing the awards. Yeah. I like that.


The most improved player he is. Like, this is the dumbest award because it's just a lottery pick who finally got good. Yeah. A good player that that figured out how to play good in the NB. Yeah. Good. Better. And he was just like, yeah, none of my guys are gonna win. So why would I talk about it? Yeah. There's also Ja Morant being investigated again. Yeah. The NBA has launched an investigation against Ja Morant and I believe buddy healed too for simulating a gun, which I, I think this is progress. Yeah. This should be sim this should be celebrated. The fact that Ja Morant is now not holding a gun. Yeah. It was an assault rifle it looked like. But he, I dunno if you watched it, But I did see it. Yeah, he did do the two hands. Could have been a shotgun, could have been a shotgun gun, it could have been a sporting gun. It Also could have been one of those like Super Soaker Spearfishing Guns.


Spearfishing guns. Yeah. I think also Draymond kind of a snitch. Huge snitch. Yeah. Around Looking immediately was like, guy, did you see that gun? So how He's gonna win the defensive player of the year. That's crazy. Who Draymond? Yeah. Have favorite. I just make up your mind. NBA do you want John Morant to hold a gun or do you want him to not hold a gun? Because that's all I saw last night was him not holding a gun. He Was not holding a gun. He was simulating it. His hands were empty. We Also taped early on Tuesday, so we missed Russell Westbrook ruined Yoko's maybe greatest game ever where he scored 61, had 10, 10 rebounds, tennis assist and then full Westbrook at the end of the game, missing a layup, which he did need to take. Well he was, and then following a three point shooter with no time Left, he also did the Rus Russell Westbrook thing where he just decided to go full speed.


Yeah. Like down the court. He is like, like, I'm gonna sprint. Yeah. I'm gonna go as fast as I can. Then misses it and then comes back and, and and blows it again. That was a great game though. It Was a great game. It was a great game. And Hank, I feel like the Celtics gave up on the one seed kind of following what you said because didn't they sit players? They haven't worried about the one the one seed's been Yeah. Yeah. Been over for months. Yeah. There's no, there was never really a path. Yeah. The Cavs would've had to have like gone on a insane losing streak. Yeah. Thing. Things do look pretty bad for Mr. Bingbo too, for Jerry, for his Knicks. Because don't Even bring that up. It just feels, it feels every time they play one of the two teams they're gonna have to play. Yes. They get their ass kicked. Yes.


You're Knicks. Oh, I cashed out. Oh, I, I bet on the Knicks to win the NBA finals. And I think it was less than a week later The Celtics 40 piece them, But I think it was, I think it was the Cavs. I think they lost the Cavs. And I was like, fuck this. I am, I'm not gonna just spend my money. Hank let me ask you a question because you're not worried about the calves. Are you worried about the thunder? 'cause the thunder are really fucking good. No, too Young. I just, they're saying the Celtics are healthy, they can beat anyone. Thunder Are Really, really good team. The Thunder are really good Team and they could do everything, But they don't have the experience. And I think even if both teams are fully healthy and playing their A games, the Celtics still win. I don't know man watching the Thunder.


They're just, I mean they're just, they have the MVP. What? You don't think so Max? No, I think Hank is acting way too Confident. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. I would agree. They're 64 and 12. Hank And they, their defense is really good. Who defending champions. Okay. Yeah. But how often do defending Champions win Again? Yeah, it was a year ago. I mean, it's happened recently. You're Acting like, because you're, you're the defending champions that it's just Automatic that you to win again. No, it's not automatic, but it's, I'm Said not wor like, Hey Max, are you worried about winning the Super Bowl next year? Yeah, of course. Exactly. You should be because way To get worried League the right time league Max knows Ball. That Was smart. But if they had the same exact team more or less, then I, I feel like he'd be like, we won the Super Bowl with this team, we can win the Super Bowl again.


But you also didn't play the, like you're playing different team who said That they thought they were gonna advance You said you're gonna advance. Mm, True. We're gonna get, I mean NBA what are we, we're Like end of April, two weeks. No, but the playing games are coming up I think. Yeah, there's two more weeks. Regular season and then way To go Jerry Reinsdorf the Bulls officially clinched a play him game. So that, that's all he wanted. Love That for you just Yeah. Just end hang the banner every year. 38 wins and a loss in the playing game. That's fucking so sick. That's how you build a team. But you had an exciting march. Yeah. You know what, you know what's fun about having an exciting march in the NBA March NBA does not fucking matter because half the teams are not even trying.


Yep. So when you say, oh man, look at this team so hot in March. Turns out that's all Fools Gold. January, February Bulls Fake fake ass month. Yeah. It's like if you look at the NBA any given night, I mean there's, there's the clear tanking teams, but then there's also teams that are like, we're gonna just take this night off and then if so, if you start playing well in March, you're just a fake team. That's really what it comes down to. Yeah. Unless you obviously were already a good team and you just keep rolling. But any team that's like, wow, man, they're coming on strong in March. Fake Any, any team that's like, oh, that we took a nosedive in March. It's like, well you did that intentionally for probably a smart reason. Right? Like the Sixers.


Right. And just like, oh, oh wow. You beat a bunch of teams that aren't trying to win, that are actively trying to lose and get better. Draft position must must be really close to, to winning something Big. Max, can you sim send the lottery one time? Oh yeah. I like This. Give us one sim. There We go. Oh no, no, You just said, there we go. Oh no, I saw the Wizards logo. I saw the Butthole basketball Ft. I'm gonna have to just celebrated the Sixers getting the first pick. It's fine. They're not allowed to have it. Oh My God. I'm just gonna have to Screenshot this one for Pug. I can't believe you. Why did you celebrate that? 'cause I, the Wizards logo was the last one that I saw and I thought it stuck on it. It's sixth. That'd be a nightmare. I You got sixth. I gotta be honest. I'm really, I'm terrible at Tanka hon at the simulator.


I, I can never get, like, statistically I should get it once every what? Eight times, seven times. Every morning I wake up, I go to Tanka hon and I simulate it probably 20 times until it happens. I'm no good at it. Hank, Are you kind of sneaky rooting for the Sixers to get Cooper flag just so you can get max off the mat when it comes to basketball? No. Okay. Okay. Wait, what? I was just wondering, What do you mean off the mat? Like you've just been dead. Oh no, I'm actively looting for rooting for the Sixers to lose. Right. Yeah. What I'm saying though is like, you've been dead. If You, if you get Cooper flag, you'll have to come back and then when we beat you, it'll Be fun. Right. And Joel Bead is probably never gonna play basketball again. And so, like you are, you're gonna be heading back into a deep process and if you get Cooper Flag, you could be outta the process pretty quickly.


But they, it doesn't matter if they have like, you know, an all world talent on their team, they're still gonna lose. Yeah. Why is that? They're The Sixers. They're the Sixers. He's cocky Hank. Yeah, he is. He Is feeling himself. Hank big time. Big time. Did you guys see Anthony Edwards also just paid for his entire child support at once. Respect Wild lump Sum. Wild move. Yeah. She took the lump sum. She Took the lump sum. It was like $1 million. Yeah. For the next 18 years. You see what Elon paid that girl Ashley? No. He paid her 2.5 mil up front and then 500 grand a year. Whoa. It's a pretty good. That's a great job. Damn. Rocket baby. Rocket baby. What's that noise I just Texted?


They're building the mini golf. Yeah. Oh, they're building the mini golf. That's max farting. We Got masters next week. Oh, I'm excited. Very excited. Some Great sports coming up. Ah, I gotta download the Master's app. Yeah, that is, it is the greatest piece of technology to ever exist. I'm It's a great feeling. They're doing, they're doing like stats from the range. Yeah, I know. You can watch every Single rain shot. Oh, getting really clued Insane amount of data. Yeah. The sickos are gonna love this. The golf purpose, the Gambling sickos of golf that are like well his range session, he was a little bit all over the place. Like that's, it's gonna be, it's too much information Process by analysis. It's exciting to I'm excited to see how people overanalyze range sessions.


Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Alright, let's, we, we gotta do, we gotta pick our Final Four teams. 'cause we, we got a little competition we're gonna do also, if you're trying to go to the games on Saturday or Monday or the Women's on Friday and Sunday, Gametime the best part of college basketball is here. And we know you're as excited as we are to watch some big upsets throughout the tournament while we're streaming in the cave. You can get out to see action. The action in person with Gametime, the official ticketing partner. Barstool Sports Gametime makes getting tickets faster and easier. Prices on the app actually go down the closer it gets showtime. Hank, can you look it up for me? Yep. The Alamo Dome on Saturday. You can even find last minute tickets for the tournament for up to 60% off quickly and easily. J just pull up your chosen event. Turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen or browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are the prices get in $256. Okay, that's pretty good. See, see maybe what could be the best Final four ever this weekend in San Antonio. So go use the Gametime app. Take the guesswork outta bringing or sorry. Take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account. Use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime? Gametime has the best stuff out there. Oh yeah. We got Hey. Or Max just pulled up Padres of Cubs. Home opener pods We're looking at like, I I'm actually like tomorrow. This is a thousand percent my plan. I'm gonna go to, I'm gonna go to the bar and then use Gametime right before the, Right before it starts. Love that. Use code. PMTI wish I was gonna the game. I'm gonna San Antonio. Yeah. Use use code PMT max. And you ready to go?


Alright. The other thing we also brought to you by DraftKings. DraftKings, the finals for March mania are here. And the only thing for sure, it's the last time to bet on college basketball. This season players are sweating out who will be taking home the championship but you aren't, don't miss your last chance to bet on college basketball this season with DraftKings Sports book. Bet The Unexpected with DraftKings Sports book. Download the DraftKings Sports Sportsbook app use code take, that's code take to get a no sweat parlay every single day. Only on DraftKings the crown is yours. So all customers are no sweat parlay every day for the final games of the season. How's it work? Opt in place a bet on any eligible parlay. If your bet doesn't hit you, get a bonus bet back in the amount of your original bet. Okay, so we have to pick teams, right? Max, how are we doing this? What's the order? What's the draft order? We gotta figure out an order. So we get, so we're picking a team in the final four And we get money line, we're picking money line and then it's a rollover. So it's gonna be with DraftKings. We're picking our teams. So if you bet Duke and then you obviously a thousand dollars would win you 600 bucks. I'll pull it up right now. Let, let's do a, let's do a lotto ball to figure out the, the order and then we'll go and, and Okay. In order we, we can go zero to 25. 25 to 50, 50, 75. That's Fair. That's fair. Okay. I like that. That's Fair. I'll take three And then we'll just go in clockwise. Okay. Hank you have zero to 25 max, you have 25 to 53, You have 51 To 70, 75 5. And then I have 76 to 99 or 144. I hope it's three. I really hope it's 3 39. That's max. So that's me. So I get, so I get first one And we Go clockwise Counter. We go Counter What? What? We never go counter. My first pick will be, Well it's your only pick. Yeah. My yes, but my first overall pick will be Auburn at plus one 30. So that would be 1000 would be 1300. Okay. So I would get a $1,300 bonus bet. Okay. I will go Florida. Oh, okay. So if Florida wins, My first pick's Still here. That's minus 1 55. Same. You'll get 1645. Yeah. Yeah. I'll take Houston. Long as odds. You're real Piece of shit. I mean, what did you, I don't know why they didn't take Houston. That's plus two 20. I know, But it's free bet. So it's like I just wanted to fade Max. Yeah, Well I I just, I like Auburn. Okay. I like Houston. Can I take a crown game? Nope. You're taking Duke. Yeah, you have, you can't, you actually wait. Cannot you love Duke? The, the fall from Grace with Hank and Duke is crazy. Duke is also minus two 70. Where did Duke touch you? No, I'm just kidding. I'll take two. It's when Coach K died. Yeah. It's sad That that was the death of of Dukey Hank you were a fan of a coach. Imagine that. That's not true. It's more just like I, again, I've talked about it and maybe I'll you and him are A allowed oflike. I'll talk about you Are a rider. The my dad chance of him watching this game are, are are low. So it's like what? Well now you just called him out. Yeah. Yeah. You better watch the game Mr. Lockwood. Yeah. If it's game, if it's the early game, it probably will. He'll be listening for sure. No, it's The late game. It's the late game. So they already have the schedule out. Hey, you're Like if as if the Well I didn't look at that. I don't know who knows what games to vote for time they play at you don't Think he's gonna watch. I actually kinda like that Hank I might, I might start taking that strategy when it's like the tournament or like maybe even NBA and NHL Playoffs. Just not looking at the schedule and just being surprised with whatever game's on. Well, You know, it was like, oh Shit, that's cool. This game's on now. Yeah. That's how I with networks. Yeah. Like I always wait till the last second to find out what network a game is On. Yeah. No, my dad shouted my dad, but he, he will probably wake up at like 4:00 AM Sunday And check the score. Got it. Early riser. Early riser. Early riser. I got a question for you guys. Does Shhe Otani have Aura? Because I think he has maximum Aura. I mean he hit a walk-off home run on


Bobblehead night. And If you watch that clip, so the Dodgers have not lost. The Braves have not won. They were tied five five in the bottom of the ninth. Shhe comes up the fucking place goes electric for his entrance. First pitch home run. Just, he doesn't change anything about his like expression, swing anything. It's just business as usual. I think Soge Tani has reached the next level of Superstardom where he just has the most aura in the Game. I, this is an interesting debate. Yeah. Soge Oan does, does the best player in baseball have it? Does he have the it factor? I think he has the aura factor. I think because I think, I think He's had the aura factor, But we haven't had a best player in baseball have Aura for a While.


Well for a while we knew that we didn't have that because the debate was who is the face of baseball? Correct. And I think It's settled. Shhe Is the face, shhe is the face. Face and the arms of Baseball. He's Everything. And his dog is the dog of baseball. Yeah. He's everything. I just, I watched that clip and I got chills and that's when I knew, oh my God. Now what You also like, it's not necessarily like, Hey, he's so good. That's why he has Ora because obviously there's a language bearer barrier and he's not, he's not marketed in the state. I mean he is now, but for the first whatever, six, seven years of his career at the Angels. But now I think it's just maximum more and he's the face. It Was against the Braves. Yeah. Who are not having a great season so far. No, I I think Braves fans, they need to burn blooper and effigy.


I Think they need to kill blooper. Yeah. I I said yesterday light 'em on fire. I realized that was going a little too Far. No. Run 'em over with A truck. I think just lighting. Get your blooper dolls out. Yeah. Have a little bonfire. Yeah. Run run the dolls over with How many losses until you say run 'em over with a Truck? Like two. Two more. Okay. Two more. Two more. And then, and just run 'em over a truck. Yeah. Max, You Agree? I think it's three more. I think right now they're oh and seven, right? Yeah. They, to get the double digits. Oh. And 10, I think there was a stat No team has ever gone to the playoffs after starting oh seven in baseball. Yeah. It's a fact. Yeah. I I feel like that doesn't happen that often. Oh and seven Just because you usually win one. The Padres are also undefeated. They are. So that's interesting for that that division.


Yes. That is Whatever. That was a bad that hand up. Hand up bad edition. That's, Hey, we're just happy you're back. We're happy you're here. I opted in taking shots. I'm Glad that you're listening to the show and you're contributing it to it. Yes. That's very good. Not everyone can do that. No, Not everyone can do that. Correct. That's a fact. I'm happy that everyone on this show Can Everyone on this show can, Hey, where's Aaron Rogers gonna play football next year. So I, I've been thinking of this for the last like two and a half, three months. It's very strange how he hasn't made up his mind obviously. And it's very strange how the Vikings took a while to commit to JJ as their started quarterback.


It took, it took longer than you think that it would if they had a first round pick that they absolutely loved, they would just be like, oh yeah, Sam can go. No problem. This is J's team by the way. Can but there was, there was a, you have to admit there was a flirtation. Yes. There's been some flirtations. Can I make One point? I think, I think JJ McCarthy needs the last name. He hasn't earned JJ Yet. JJ McCarthy. He Hasn't earned full jj. That's fair. Don't you Agree? That's fair. That's fair. Yeah. JJ McCarthy, He's gotta earn that. I Think if, if he was just jj Yeah, then it's like he's the starter, right? Yeah. Once he's yeah. When, when we just call start calling him jj he's been doing it for, Because we already have a jj. Right. Exactly. Justin Jefferson. So if j is, gets the starting job, like right off the bat, if they're like, Hey Mr. McCarthy, we know that you're a guy for next year.


I don't think they would even, they wouldn't pause. Right. If they, if they were firmly committed to it. But it took 'em a while and then they kind of got sick of the Aaron Rogers thing. So then they said, yeah, JJ McCarthy's going to be our starting quarterback And we fully committed to him. Meanwhile, I think Aaron Rogers is waiting to commit to the Steelers until he knows for sure that the door is shut in Minnesota. Yeah. That's what I think is happening. That makes sense. But it just, we're getting, we're getting pretty close to the draft. Yeah. And I don't know, like if Aaron Rogers, I mean he's old enough to retire, so it's not like a, if Vaon Rogers was 32 years old, I I wouldn't, it wouldn't even be a thought in my head because he'd be like, he's obviously playing.


But as we get closer, if he wants to play for the Vikings, the Vikings say no, we're committing to JJ McCarthy. Could he retire? I don't, he, it all depends on what he saw in his most recent vision quest. Like he could come in after a long week and be like, no, I'm not playing football anymore. Yeah. Or he'd be like, yeah, I'd like to sign a five year contract. He never replied to my Steelers question mark from a week ago. Disrespectful. Yeah. So Did he say lose my number bro? No, but I wonder if that means no Steelers. He has not confirmed it Or denied. He has not confirmed interest in the Steelers Confirmed or denied. Okay. What else we got? Oh, Hank lost his QB of the future.


Yeah. Joe Milton Bazooka. Joe Bazooka Joe is a Dallas cowboy, which both Max and I are upset about because we like Bazooka Joe And we wanna root for him to be successful. And it's just impossible to do that with the Cowboys. So it's kind of a bummer for us. That's my analysis. I think Bazooka Joe could be fun to watch. Yes. And I, I wanted him to go to a, to a spot that he could like compete to be a guy. I mean, Dak doesn't always play. That's good Point Guy. A that's A good point. He's not, he's not a guy. He's literally, he's literally a guy. Well you don't know that. You can't assume that that's true. He he is a guy. He is not the guy yet, but Ever From the outside it's fun to root for Bazooka Joe.


Bazooka Joe has a sick arm. Dude, He would knock that schoolboard. Listen, I've done the Bazooka Joe experience when he was in the Big 10 and then at Tennessee. Like he's, he's bazooka Joe. Yeah, but that's, he's not touch past Joe. That's the beauty of Bazooka Joe is that we've all seen Bazooka Joe And we know what he is. But it's fun to get reci for bazooka Joe. Yeah. I just, I would, I would rather him just be in like, you know, you know what would make me excited if Dude Perfect signed Bazooka Joe. No, That would be in the, I would Hate that. That would be sick. I would make undefeated sick videos with dude. Perfect. What Hank You're sad about bazooka Joe. I'm not, I mean we got Drake May That's, that's my quarterback of the future. Okay. Fifth round pick kind of tells you everything you need to know.


I think. Well, I mean, got some good analysis. He improved in value. He got two rounds better last year. Yeah. But like I, a fifth round pick, Bill Belichick built his career off. Fifth round picks. That's all. He only drafted in the fifth round. What was Tom Brady Sixth? Yeah, that's what I thought. Good point. Not fifth Checkmate though. But he, Yeah. Hank hates fifth. He hates, he thinks sixth is better than fifth. He'd rather be drafting in the sixth than the fifth. I mean, The Belichick model was trade your first, your second, your third round picks and get 25 picks in the fifth round. Drake May, although I did Mil. Mil and Tough was a great nickname. Would've been a great shirt. We, we made those shirts.


I don't think we sold Them. I'm pretty sure when he was the quarterback at Michigan, Dave was like mil and tough and then he Threw Oh, I'm, I'm talking We had, we had a Patriots version that we made and then we were waiting for him to do something. No, we A lot of great Patriot quarterback Shirts that we haven't put out yet. We, we sold, we sold Joe Milton Tough shirt or Milton tough shirts for Michigan and I think he threw his first screen 3000 miles an hour and then Dave took 'em Down. Yeah. Was probably what Happened. We also changed the rules for hard knocks. Did you see that? No. So now a team that made the playoffs last year can Oh be the hard knocks team. That's awesome. So my ass is in the jackpot now.


That's Awesome. Is that why you brought it up? That that's what made, made the news stand out to me. Yeah. Wait, so what, what are the other rules? Are there any other rules? That's the only change. It's The only change. So new new head coaches out. You can't have it. You still can't do that. Can't Do that. Yeah. And then, so that's it. Yep. So I, that's fun because now we have actually some decent teams that Can watch. We got some good teams we could go to. Yeah. I mean Pittsburgh would be awesome if Aaron Rodgers there get to run that back. Yeah. I'm trying to think who I'd won on hard knocks this year. I almost kinda want the Pats. Well you can't New head coach. New head coach. We just said that you don't listen. No, I never Max is, Max is being proven correct.


He just forgot. He forgot that Vrabel was a new head coach because he'd been a coach in the NFL before. So. So I understand what he was thinking there. We should be room max. We should be rooming for the Chargers. Chargers would be awesome. Harbaugh Chargers would be awesome. Harb Knocks Maybe made you a new head coach. Okay. Alright. How's it going? I dunno. I dunno. I dunno about you just run back with the lines. Yeah. Or Dan Campbell Also. Kirk Cousins had a meeting with Arthur Blank. Okay. Apparently it was an hour long meeting. And Arthur Blank says that he took five pages of notes. Wow. During the conversation. I don't know what he could possibly, how many Of that were Doodles? I don't know, five pages of notes. What would the notes be about? I might be a new chapter of the Bible.


I don't know what Rich guys love taking notes during Meetings. Oh yeah. Fake notes, big time. Fake notes. Just writing Things down. Look how productive I was. But I will say there's something about showing up to a meeting with pen and paper. I always feel like such an asshole. 'cause I never show up to meetings with pen and paper. And then there'll be people with pen and paper and I'm like, fuck. Like The, this should be a one. If anything. A one cheater. It should be, yeah. It kinda sucked when you drafted a quarterback. Yeah. Or or it could be five pages of notes where it's just like Kirk Cousins passing him a note saying, can I start? And him passing it back saying no. Yeah. Back and forth. Over and over. Yeah. How about now? Still?


No. Write down a team that you would be willing to go to. Not that one. Yeah. Write down another team. Not that one. Not That one. That's an interesting five pages of notes. No idea what that would be. I would pay a good amount of money for those notes. Yeah. Good amount. Yeah. Okay. Do we have anything else? Oh, did it, was there another, I I gotta say something. I'm, I'm officially done with conversations comparing eras in the NBA. I feel like that's all that is talked about at this point. I'm, I'm getting tired of it. I know LeBron said it in relation to other people saying it, but wasn't there a recent one that like Stephen A. Smith or someone said someone from the the eighties said that, that Steph Curry couldn't even score like 15 points against us 'cause we would've hurt Him.


That is the most insane thing ever. It's also just, I'm, I'm, I'm tired of it. We're never gonna, we gotta, we just gotta get the playoffs here. This is a late March Situation. Yeah. I mean we had a debate the other day of Shaq versus Yoic. Yeah. Oh yeah. That was a fiery one. They Play different positions. Yeah. And I'm sure that both could be successful in the other person's era. Yeah. I would say both. I'd say Prime Shaq will be dominant anytime. And Prime Yoka should be dominant anytime. Yep. Agreed. Yeah. Why can't we just say all the good players would be good in their era? Why can't we just be like, these guys are really good at basketball. Let's enjoy watching them play. They're so sick that we do need someone who, there needs to be someone in the media who just, actually it was JJ Reddick.


That's the, that's the problem. That's, I, maybe that's what's happened. The vacuum for this debate is like the power vacuum. 'cause JJ Reddick is now coaching. JJ Reddick was the guy who just was like, yeah the players this like now are just incredible. Like let's just enjoy that. Yeah. And if you took them and dropped them back into the 1980s, they'd be really fucking good. Really, really fucking good. If you made them grow up in the 1980s, they'd probably be very good at basketball. Still good, but not quite as dominant as they are now. Right. Right. Case closed. Case Closed. Happy we had that debate. Basketball Is good. There You go. Good basketball players are Good. Yep. Agreed. Alright. Do we have anything else in the sports world that's going on? Let's getting people upset.


Let's getting people ready. So Dickie v we we Dickie V we only had him on for 15 minutes. People were wondering, he's still working back with his throat and his voice. So we were offered, we were like, Hey, you get Dickie V wants to come on PMT, he only can give you 10 minutes. We're like, we'll take anything. It ended up being closer to 15. He's the best. Yeah. He's the absolute best. And Cody Rhodes was awesome in person. Really, really fun. Great time. Is there anything else Max? I guess we'll talk about a fire fest. We'll do a little recap of what happened on Wednesday's show. I'm good. I'm show show. Thank you everyone for subscribing after Wednesday's show. Yeah. Appreciate That. Yeah, please keep subscribing. We appreciate all the subscriptions.


Okay, well, oh, also San Antonio. I will be there Friday and Saturday. We're doing live show. 6:00 PM Central and 2:00 PM Central on Saturday. 6:00 PM Central Friday. 2:00 PM Central Saturday. What's, does anyone know where we're doing it? River Ice House River. Can you find it for me? River Ice House. I'm gonna chip myself to Death River Walk. I'm gonna eat so many chips. I'm gonna go to Austin. Solidarity and have some breakfast tacos and some chips and queso and barbecue. And it's gonna kick ass. Yeah. And cold beer. I'm back on beer. Oh, beer's back Beer's Back Beer's. So good. I would agree. Beer is very good. Wait, would I didn't tweet it so, Hank, you got it.


I'm looking. Hank's got it. I don't know who would've tweet Dave. Torpedo bats Also. Ovy is three away. Oh yeah. Three away. And now I'm, I'm moving up my timeline. I think if, if he gets to one by Sunday after Sunday's game, I think I'm gonna have to go to a game next week. I'm gonna try to chase this Record. Are you going to withdraw from mini golf? No, but Tuesday or no, he only plays on Thursday next week. Fuck. Alright. I hope Ovie doesn't score until after this week. Okay. And then he breaks the Record. That's fair. Going goat chasing River North Ice House. There we go. River North Ice House. It's that first tweet you just scroll by a million times.


Yeah. Bars still live River North Ice House. So come on out. 6:00 PM Central Friday and 2:00 PM Central Saturday. I think Johnny Fanta is gonna be there on Friday night. And then yeah, let's have some fun. Final four. Let's, let's get some great games. We need some great fucking games. All right, let's kick you to ourselves. Dickie V. And in a very, very, even if you're not a wrestling fan, the Cody Rhodes interview was awesome 'cause he's just a really cool guy and his whole story, so, and he was in person really, really awesome interview.


Okay, before we get to Dickie V, we are brought to you by our friends. It truly, truly unruly is the first high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. Truly unruly is a hard seltzer that breaks all the rules. Drinks light party hard with 8% A BV. It's hard. It hits hard, but still tastes amazing. Comes in four fresh flavors. Tropical twist, berry blast, citrus Crush, strawberry Smash. My personal favorite. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. The weather's starting to turn. We're about to get to baseball, summer golf beach, backyards, everything. We're gonna get unruly this summer with truly find truly unruly at a store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com Again, it's 8% A BV. It hits hard but still tastes ama amazing. Find truly unruly at a store near you or visit truly hard seltzer.com.


We're also brought to you by our friends at American Home Shield. What do your Marsh Madness brackets and your home appliances and systems have in common? They both tend to get busted now as a benefit with select American Home Shield warranty plans. You can conveniently video chat with a live repair expert to help assess or fix an issue. Listen, they're taking it to the next level with American Home Shield. Thanks to American Home Shield, we were able to video chat in Hank to get an expert assist as you pick your favorite teams for the 2025 tournament. Hank BYU holds the record for most tournament appearances without making a semi-final. 30 times that's happened 30 times, they haven't made a semi-final. Wow. Thank you Hank. We're here to help prevent a busted bracket. Just like American Home Shield is here to help with a busted home appliance or system. I've had issues. I had a, a sink issue two weeks ago. Fixed American Home Shield. This is where our friends, American Home Shield come in. When you have an American Home Shield warranty, they will help fix or replace covered parts of home systems and appliances no matter their age. Plus, as a benefit with select plans, a HS offers a convenient video chat feature that lets you connect with a live expert repair expert to help assess or even fix a home issue in real time. If you're a homeowner, you know things break down home, American Home Shield is there for you. Listeners can get 20% off any plan today. Just visit ahs.com/pmt to sign up. Don't wait until something is busted. Get ahead of home repairs with ah hs. Go to ahs.com/pmt for 20% off any plan today. See ahs.com/contracts for coverage details including limit amount, fees, limitations, and exclusions.


Okay, here he is, Dickie V. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very, very special guest. Someone we've wanted on for a very long time. It is the legend, Dick Vital Dick EV, we appreciate you so much coming on. Just so our listeners know, you are still, you know, working your way back all the way through health. So your doctor said maybe seven to 10 minutes that you can talk to us, but we said a any minutes if we had two minutes with Dickie V, we're taking it. So first of all, how, how are you feeling? How's everything going? Well, first of all, you're very kind. I'll tell you, you guys really I know are so very, very popular. My grandkids call me me up and say, oh my God, you're gonna be, I'm a Big Cat PTF.


Unbelievable. No, I I, you know, I, I feel really good physically. I, you know, when you're a cancer survivor, it's scanned by scan. My last scan I was totally cancer free. I'm get all nervous again when I gonna go for another scan in May. You can, let me tell you guys, my heart goes out to every cancer patient. I know that feeling and I've coached for years and you get tense and all in the game when it's close. But there's nothing like waiting for the results is that phone call is life changing. If he tells you scan's, great, you're cancer free, man, it's heaven. But if he tells you cancer came back, it's back to chemotherapy, radiation and all that.


And it really gets nerve wracking. And I can feel for every cancer patient and on my message to the cancer patient listening as well. Always think positive and have faith because really that got me through what I did. I, I, as you guys know, four different battles. One with melanoma, one with lymphoma, vocal cord cancer, which was the toughest for me. Couldn't speak for unbelievable weeks and weeks and just, and then I got lymph node cancer. So again, through it all I want to talk basketball. Yes man. We got March madness. Yes. Yeah. So by the way, everyone May 2nd his gala Dickie v's. Gala to benefit the V Foundation for cancer research.


So we're raising money for pediatric cancer. You're doing a great job. So let's talk final four. Probably the best final four we've ever seen in terms of these four teams any other year are worthy champions. Is there a team out of the four that you see as a cut above? Well, you know, certainly we got the best of the best plan. But you know, also when you think about, I was just thinking the other day, 1985 was pretty good too. When you had certainly Villanova and you had Georgetown and Memphis and St. John's. And we can take a lot of children, so pretty good. But it's, it's special because these are the four teams that have enlisted basically all year. The best of the best. So you're getting the best against the best.


And we got some great matchups. The one thing, and I've right from day one, I have figured Duke to win it all. And that's gonna change my mind right now until we get results. But there's a reason I picked that. Number one, any time a team is top five guys in offensive and defensive efficiency, I mean they got a great chance to win. Because if you're not shooting well and you're defending well, you're gonna stay in the game. And that's where Duke's the only team in the country that's top five by Ken Pomeroy in efficiency in both areas. Yeah. And, and if you were to pick apart Duke, what, what is their weakness? What would that be? If Houston finds a way to win this game, how do you think they do it?


Well, I think Houston, number one, if they're gonna win the game, they're gonna rely on their great defense. I think there's gonna be a lot of motion in the game for Houston as well. Because last year they really had two kind of ropes. They had him on ropes until their star got hurt. Sheet was now with the, he's with the Toronto Raptors. I believe he got hurt and that game turned around when he went out. So they're gonna be playing a little chip on their shoulder. Plus, let's face it, when you're Duke, I don't care who you play, it's like my son-in-law told me, please play quarterback at Notre Dame. And I once was, I'll never forget saying that, oh you got a cupcake this week, now gonna play Navy. I said, that's a cupcake. So you're outta your mind. He's never a cupcake for us.


Yeah. 'cause everybody here at no, when they play Notre Dame, they're at another level. Well same with Duke. You play Duke in basketball, you play Kentucky and basketball, you play schools like that. Teams play at such a high level they commit. So you gotta match that. And I think John Shire's done a great job with that. Getting his players to understand, understand how it really is important to play at a higher level because people want to beat you so badly. Yeah. And, and with Cooper Flagg, is he the biggest diaper dandy of all time? Because he is, he might be the youngest diaper dandy. Right? Because he, he enrolled early. Well, you're right about that Patrick. He is so young, there's no doubt about it.


I, I look at the kid, he, I saw him in high school and I said this, I said it on ESPN. Some people took it the wrong way. They got all over him the case because they said, oh, how could be putting his name in there with LeBron? It would, would Kobe and Magic. What I said was, if they listed, I said at the same age in my 45 years at ESPN three guys that I've seen with skills and ability that he has and that was LeBron. I did his game in high school. I'm talking about games of kids. I did in high school. I didn't do Kareem in high school, but I did LeBron in high school. I did a game with Kobe Bright in high school and I saw magic a number of times in high school.


'cause I was recruiting him and I got rejected. He went to Michigan State, I was trying to give him the keys to the City of Detroit. Yeah. But anyway, the bottom line is I just think he's so special. What he does is so rare in that he doesn't have to score to be probably the most valuable player on the court. Yeah. He does a phenomenal job. He, he draws so much attention. He creates angles and spacing for K Nipple and the kid inside. Wow. Is he gonna be special model watches? Unbelievable what he does defensively. Hey guys, when you got three players right now, I looked at the draft yesterday, a mock draft, three guys, they're gonna be drafted in the top seven.


Several others going in the second round. My god, you got a chance to win. Yeah. Yeah. And so PFD mentioned Diaper Dandy Cooper flag what? I mean PTP or it's gotta be Walter Clayton and Janiah Broom. Both those guys, that's, that's two PTPs going up against each other in the other side of the bracket. Well Clayton certainly has been Mr. Clutch, he's been unbeliev, you know, he played for Rick Pitino down at Iona, but he wanted to stay in the state of Florida where he is from to go to his next stop. But he went to St. John's. Wow. Wow. Best Pitino was my coach of the year this year. The job he did with St. John's. Yeah. Agreed. Dickie, are you, I know you had a, a stretch there where you only ate out.


You never ate in, you never ate at home. Did you keep that alive? How long was that stretch for? Because I used to join your Periscopes when you'd go out to breakfast every morning and I'd just be sitting in there basically eating breakfast with you. Wow. That's really cool, man. I'm really proud, proud of that Big Cat. But the bottom line is we go out every night. I love people. I love it. You know what it did for me, even through my chemo, even through all my, my radiations, I told my wife, I want to go out. I'm not gonna sit home and mop and cry. I'm like, you know, and feel sorry. And, because let's face it, when you're a cancer patient, you're doing your chemo and your radiation, you're always there.


A tendency, tendency when you are alone to think all the worst is this. My last day is this. But you get out and I used to love to get out with people and be around people. Plus I love people, guys. I really do. I, I, I love, I've been that way. I've been a hot dog all my life. You got mustard on me. Hot dog. And, and I, I've been that way. And little wacky, like you guys, when I was younger, I was wacky like you guys. But that's why you're so popular, because you are real, you're genuine. And that's what makes you guys the whole arsenal. Start with David. Yeah. The bottom line is guys are all real. You tell it from your heart. You're not afraid to share an opinion.


And people appreciate that. Yeah. I think people, a lot of people appreciate you, Dickie. I'm sure that you've had a lot of people that reached out over the last couple years and, and let you know exactly how loved you are, how they're rooting for you. I'm curious though, when you were going through the treatment and you couldn't talk, what was that like? Because you're a guy that loves to talk. Like that's, that's your thing. You, you love talking to people. Would you go home? Would you, would you write, how did you get these thoughts out? Yeah, I would tell you this, Patrick. No, no doubt about it. It was the toughest time for me. I felt trapped. I felt trapped. I had a whiteboard and I would write on a board and all that for my wife. You know, get me this, do this, do that. But even when you do that, you really can't communicate like you want.


You get. So I've, many times I got so frustrated 'cause I, I want, especially when I was in the hospital doing chemo and I had couldn't talk and, you know, writing a PA paper or write on a, a trunk I had there white by board. And you can only write so much. You can't tell what you are really going through. And, you know, my darkest moment was, and, and I'll tell you this, I've told other people this and I, I think about it all the time was in the hospital doing chemo and had a bad, bad day. I mean, it was a bad day. So much so that normally I would go home after the chemo and the doctors came in and they said, Dick, we can't let you go home.


It's, we gotta monitor everything. And my family was there with me and wife, daughters, grandkids. And I got three. I Duke, they helping Duke quits. I got two to at Notre Dame. My Notre Dame is on two time lacrosse, national champ. And my dog grand, she's watching right now, Sidney's scores with my granddaughter. She loves you guys. She's watching. And she, she graduated Notre Dame played tennis. And I got three right now playing tennis on top 10 teams at Notre Dame, at Duke, rather in tennis. So they're cheering for their dookies. But they were all in the hospital. They were there visiting me and it was time to leave at nine o'clock. And they left.


And when they left, I really, as I tell people, I cried like a baby. I'll never forget that day's long as I lived, I was like hysterical. And the nurse came in and the nurse was terrific. She said, Dick, what's calm down? You're gonna be fun. I, she said, why are you crying so much? I said, I don't know man. I'm wondering if that's the last time I ever see my, I jumped up, think I last time I see my family. I said, it's been such a tough day. But anyway, bottom line is I came through it, messages. I can't tell you how many messages. I haven't used my phone that day for about six, seven hours. And all of a sudden I went to my phone, I have messages.


You name a coach, they patino and Clec Perrys. And there those right down the line, all the Italians, naturally how. But the bottom line is they all, you know, wishing me the best. Keep fighting. Remember Jimmy V, don't give up. Don't ever give up. And all of that meant so much to me that it made me really say to myself, I'm gonna beat this suck. I'm gonna beat, I'm gonna get outta here. I'm gonna beat it. And fortunately it worked out that way. But like I said, cancer patients only know this like I do that you go scan to scan and you wait for that next scan. Like I'm really count days ready until may you mention my Gallup, I mentioned Mike Gala.


I appreciate that so much. Bp the bottom line is we've raised $92.8 million since I've started for pediatric cancer. If people, I know you got a lot of fans, they wanna help join my team, we're gonna go over a hundred million dollars on May 2nd. And we got great, great people. We're honoring Michael Strayer, who knows a lot about pediatric cancer. His daughter Baron Brain Cancers now cancer free. We got Grant Hill Superstar, we got Danny Hurley coming in. We got John Cala Perry, Nancy Lieberman, I mean Hannah Storm. It's gonna be a special night special.


But we're gonna raise, and if anybody wants to join my team and help me raise those dollars, they, whatever they donate, $50, a hundred dollars, $2,000, you guys will donate more. 'cause you're make a big cash. I'm only kidding. But the bottom line is, bottom line is just go to Dick dick vital dot cox simple committee dick five.com and you can donate. You could buy any of my merchandise. Every dollar that I would make on a purchase of any item basketballs books I give to the Vfa dish. I Love it. I love it. So I I know we, we've taken you a little over time. So we have one, I have one last thing. So that's all I, I have my voice is okay. Okay. Yeah. I mean, we listen, we, we, we, I hope you understand how loved you are.


We're this show that we've been doing for almost a decade now. Our big thing is sports are supposed to be fun. And you always were that guy. You were the guy who sports were fun and you welcome people in. And like you said, you're a people person. I have to mention one thing. So I met you a couple times before. One was actually you were nice enough to take a picture with me. 2006 when I was a student at Wisconsin, we beat Pitt, Aaron Gray, they were the number two team in the country. You were, you were, you took a picture at halftime. That's how great of a guy you are. He's calling the game at halftime. He's taking pictures. The other one though was maybe the coolest power move I've ever seen in my life. It was Florida State, Notre Dame football, 2014, I wanna say.


And you showed up and you just walked right into this frat house that we were doing a show at. Used the bathroom. Your wife, by the way, ride or die, she stood outside the door, made sure no one went in. And then you had like these postcards that you were handing out that were signed postcards. I loved the move. 'cause everyone wanted, everyone wanted to talk to you and you're just handing them out. And I was like, this guy's the best. He's the man of the people. He's going to the bathroom in a frat house. He's the best. That's you. Well, that's so nice of you. I really appreciate it. And I can tell you this, you went to Wisconsin, you a hell of a student then because I couldn't, bell was constantly asked me to go there. But the, the bottom line is, you know, I love people. I do, you do.


People, Hey, hey, when people don't recognize me, I'm in a restaurant. I put a sign in, I'm back. Hey, I'm thinking me remember me Picture. It's, it's the truth. But I, I like, you know, you meet people who are celebrities or in the, in the public eye and sometimes they're not the same person. You are the same person. The two encounters I've had with you, just salt of the earth, just regular guy. And it's, it always struck me as like, man, he's exactly like I see on the TV and I love that about him. Tell you guys, man, I'm gonna make you my PR agents, man. I love you guys. Call me anytime if you want me on. Tell David, tell David try some pizza here in beautiful Sarasota. Yes, I know they said he came, he was here one time.


But he's gonna try the pizza. That's really, I think good at a place called CIA ballerina. Okay. Chip ballerina. Okay, that sounds great. Okay, so Dickie, thank you so much for joining us. It's a a dream come true to get to talk to you. And we hope you enjoy the game. So you got Duke against who in the championship? I got Duke, Florida and the championship. Duke winning the championship on the woman's side. You got great games man. Tomorrow. Yeah. You got great semi-finals. You got Gino RI really were, my heart wants Connecticut. I love Paige Becker's and I want to see her get to the championship game. But UCLA is really good. They got a young lady named Bets who can really play. And then on the other side you got Texas against South Carolina.


I'm going with Dawn Staley. Man. She just knows how to win. I'm hoping I can see Staley and Ora in the finals. Yes. Two coaches that know what Whitney's about and Paige Becker's is special. Really special. Hey guys, I just figured something out looking at both of you. Yeah, now I know why I got fired by the Pistons. My guards look like you suckers man. I know You can't fly. I know you can't fly. Oh man. Yeah. You nail this. Yeah, you did. You got a eye for talent. Yeah. All right, well Dickie dick, you so, oh, one last thing I got. I got a special friend who we work with named Steven Cha. Can you just say, Hey, Steven Che, you're awesome baby Steven Che, man, you're awesome baby. With a cap leg.


You're a PT beer. You know, I lie a lot, Steven. Thank You Dickie, you're the best. We, we really appreciate your time and we're huge fans and keep fighting the good fight fight. We'll make sure we donate for that gala on May 2nd. Hey, thanks a lot for having me. Remember dick fights out.com people. We'll do it. Absolutely. Alright, thanks. Thanks Dick. Dick, it was great to see you. Best appreciate it. Enjoyed The games. All right, see ya.


Dickie V was brought to you by Tax Act. Tax Act. Do you know what day it is? It's actually April already. You know what day is coming up soon? That would be April 15th. Tax day taxes are due. Hank do you have any tips? Don't wait. The time is now. We're getting towards the finish line. So go to tax act.com. Use all the tools they have and they can, that can help you do your taxes, including expert assist. All tax experts are US based the best place to get your taxes done. Tax act.com. You said it. They're a hundred percent credentialed. A hundred percent US based. So they know the ins and outs of the tax laws. You can get the answers that you need starting at just $20. If you need a little help or a lot, they can answer all types of tax related questions. It's crunch time and you want to get it right. Tax Act makes it easy so you can get them over with and be done for the season. What's that website again? Hank tax Act.com. You said it.


Dickie V is also brought to you by our great friends over at NASCAR. Talladega Super Speedway is NASCAR's biggest, baddest track delivering heart pounding action pack racing thrills. Keep drivers, keep three wide and bumper to bumper at 200 miles per hour. Playoff implications on the line making every lap more intense. Unpredictable finishes mean anyone can take the checkered flag. At Talladega, the fan experience is unmatched Camping tailgating, electric infield energy tickets are selling fast. So secure your spot now at NASCAR dot com. Experience the rush at Talladega. Get your NASCAR tickets now for edge of your seat action. Secure your seats today at NASCAR dot com.


And now here's Cody Rhodes. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very special guest. He's the undisputed WWE champion of the world. It is Cody Rhodes. He's got big, big time Wrestlemania coming up April 19th and 20th at Allegion Stadium in Las Vegas. So Cody, first of all, thanks. Thank you for coming by. Let's start with how it feels. So it's gonna be about a year now that you've been the champion. Yeah. How are we feeling? Is it everything that it dream you dreamed about? 'cause I know it was a lifelong dream, but a year being championed, was it everything that cracked up to be? I feel like it's definitely a positive.


It's not that it's a negative, but I'll say that it's nothing like I anticipated it to be. What I really quickly found out is that it is almost a defacto position in the office. It's almost, it's, it's a bigger position than just man and tights wrestling, which is great. I love it because I love the infrastructure. I love the industry. I grew up in the business. My dad was behind the scenes in front of the camera, all that. But that was a part for me that I thought, oh, there's a layer of responsibility. Right. Like a team, team captain. Yeah. You know, and, and, and I tried to lean into it in the last, you know, several months where, ah, I'd like that. I like being the, the big dog here.


As long as it's gonna, you know, it's gonna last. But it's been amazing. It really, and especially for being a good guy character, right. To have the title this long is, is rather unheard of. 'cause everyone just tries to murder you every week. Right. I'm, I'm, I'm very lucky. Very Lucky. Is that so, so speaking of like being babyface, 'cause I, I think in today's day and age where people are more cynical Yeah. A little edgier, whatever you wanna call it. Do you find that hard having to be the good guy when you're like, man, it's probably easier to just be the bad guy once in a while. Well, it's, it's always easier. Right? I feel every week I think they're gonna boo me. And every week we've been lucky where it's been like, no, we like you.


It is our, I genuinely find a surprise. And every night in the way they do my entrance, I'm surrounded by all this cryo. And then it does this little sparks, these cold sparks. And then I can really hear the audience. And it's legit the coolest thing ever. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know the, I don't know the formula. I think there's a element of being in the family and the love they had with my dad and the connection we have. I think it's 'cause I took them on the full ride from the time I was back at wwe. Also, when we, the suspension of disbelief in what we do, everything about me is I don't, I don't have a character. Right. I am me. This is, and, and I'm, I'm really happy that it's worked out. Yeah. But I'm always expecting like, yeah, Today's the day.


Barclays Barclays or something. You know, like, or Chicago's always notoriously a tough wrestling market. And then it's in those places they're like, nah, he's cool. So It's, that's Gotta gotta feel awesome. I'm, I'm, I'm very lucky at a certain point. Yeah. You know, who knows? But it's blessed. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, your story is incredible. For those that don't know, like you bet on yourself. You actually, our good friend Robbie Fox Yeah. Who works here. You and him became pretty close. He like drove you around. He showed me a picture where he took you to the emergency room. Yeah. So, so tell tell our listeners the story about how you bet on yourself, the road that you went on, that you brought people along. When I was at WWE the first time, and I was a legacy hire, you know, my dad was in the business, my brother was in the business, godfathers, uncles, all that.


I was in a great position. And then in the last three or four years, I, I technically, I hate using this term, but I technically became an enhancement talent. A, a jobber. And I was under the alias of Stardust. I was pain in my face. It's, it just was very much, I say beneath me, but I wasn't doing the work to out kick it either. And I felt like I was trapped. So no one ever does this. What I would do next is really what set this all off. I ended up quitting. WWE wasn't gonna get fired because of the legacy I had. But also things weren't gonna get better. I quit WWE and when I left, that's where I got to do bet on myself, as you said.


And got to mobilize the audience. I put the a list together of various opponents, all different companies, all different continents. All this stuff I wanted to do. 'cause I was a lifelong WWE kid. I'd been made in their system. And to be able to break out and do independent wrestling, death match style stuff, new Japan pro wrestling, all this stuff that you didn't see as often. I was able to bring everybody who had, you know, all the equity I had at WW and bring them along with me. And it was all a real journey in terms of, I'm gonna try and get, if this place holds 400, I'm gonna try and get 500 people in there. You mentioned Robbie Fox. We were at La Bo in Queens, New York. And hey, there's only a hundred something people here. Well guess what? We're gonna buy pizza for each and every one of 'em.


We tried to make what I was doing, everything destination, even though it wasn't Wwb, it wasn't USA, it wasn't Fox, it wasn't one of our television partners. I tried to make it destination 'cause streaming was becoming a thing you could find me. That turned into all in, which was at in Schaumburg. There's a plaque on the building still. I'm terrified they're gonna take this plaque down at some point. Me and Mad Nick Jackson doing the first show ever. 'cause the bet was nobody could get more than 10 thou. No company other than WWE could get 10,000 people. 20 minutes later we had 11,000 people. We had this Woodstock for wrestling. And really everything since that moment has just sparked off of that.


An alternative wrestling promotion now exists in terms of a EW and being a founder at that. And then being able to come back to wwe, be so well received, be so trusted and take up the first journey I had in the business, which was this, you know, my dad in 1977, wrestled superstar Billy Graham in Madison Square Garden wins the match but doesn't win the title. But he got to do the thing where he held it up for the audience before the inevitable shoe drop from the announcer. And as a kid, that was it. Right. That was my legitimate, no matter how you look at our business, not real, real. However, I wanted to win the damn belt for him. And when I came back, that was the one thing as, Hey, this is what I'm going for.


It's as real as we will be presented on tv. It's the, it's as real behind the scenes as it is in front of the camera. And I, I was able to do it. That's very cool. That's very cool. Do you carry the belt around with you Of, I mean, like What's the longest that you've ever gone without touching the belt? That's a great question. I feel like I touched, I feel like I touched the belt every day. Yeah. Because I mean, how boring is it if I came in here and I didn't have the belt? Yeah. Yeah. You gotta have the belt. Yeah. To me, I, I have, I I, there's multiple belts, right? There's, there's one that's on TV and there's one that you can kind of take on the road with you. But I keep the same one each time. Which was the one that I know Roman War to the Ring at Wrestlemania 40.


I've never even seen like touched the other one. Yeah. It's somewhere in case I was ever to forget it. But I get hands on it every day. Yeah, yeah. While you Have it. You gotta, you gotta you got advantage. Well, don't give it up. Just Keep winning now. Well that's, that's the bittersweet thing about Wrestlemania this year is I'm excited. This is another headline match. This is Cena Retirement Cena's. But that's the, that's the bittersweet part. Yeah. I have to do what John did for all those years. Just win. Right, Right. But That's not as, that's not that exciting to everybody who maybe he'll break Rick Flare's record, but yeah. Maybe he won't. Yeah. And like you said, keep winning. Yeah. So the, the story you told it, it is great. Did you, have, you had moments where you're like, this was the path I had to take because you're, you're, you mentioned your dad, dusty Rhodes legend hard times and the Every man, and you kind of had to, 'cause for a while you were, I, I don't wanna say what people thought, but like, I'm sure there were people like, oh, he is a Nepo babies.


Oh yeah. He's in there because of his dad. And then you found it on your own the hard times. That's a really cool full circle moment. Yeah. Where you're like, Hey, I was given a lot, but then I had to go earn it in its own way. It's, it's almost a reverse situation from a lot of guys who worked their way up. Whereas I got so many things afforded to me early. And then this is gonna sound like a silly parallel, but really the best way I can think about it's, if you've ever seen the movie The Lion King, I went out there and like found my Timon and PBA and you know, I had to find, had to find what was inside for me. That's such a silly way to look at it. But being a Nepo baby or being a second or third generation in our industry, that's one thing.


When it's dusty, you know, I think about some of these kids whose dads are essentially Mount Rushmore dads. You are forever behind the eight ball in a way. You're forever trying to, you don't even wanna say it out loud 'cause it sounds mean, but you're trying to be better than he was. Right. I think the first person at WWE who realized, oh man, I will accept nothing less, is Mr. Haman is Paul Haman. I think he's the first person who realized, oh, he's, he's trying to do essentially with The Impossible. And I, I'm, I, I got flanked. It feels so good. But I got flanked by the best team when I came back. Yeah. I mean, there are people there and I, I, if I could shout 'em out, Michael Hayes, triple h, i, I can't believe I'm gonna say this guy's name, but The Rock, the Final Boss.


Yeah. They, as much as what you see on screen is pretty volatile, the tools are right there. It's, you know, when you WWE b right now, all those guys are right there to get that information from. And, and Triple H has been wonderful with me. He's been like a coach putting me out on the field and just calling the plays. And they've been great plays. Do you think the Rock one-on-one, is that gonna be in the future? Ah, he did pin you last year. He did. And I, I'm a, I'm a I'm a bit of a ego-centric individual who wants his win back. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? He's got one over you. He could just retire tomorrow and you'd be screwed. I think, I think he's due For more than one match. And I would love to be penciled in on, on one of those.


Obviously that schedule is as intense as it gets, but he's still so involved with wwe. He could have easily been the final boss and just kind of taken that as a customary title. Right. But he has really gotten his hands involved in, in, in what we're doing. And the thing I, even though we may not like one another, the thing I do like about him is instantly, no matter what he's done, record breaking Disney movie, whatever he did that weekend and then showed up. When you look at him, you can tell Oh, brother's a wrestler. Yeah. Yeah. He, it's, it's in there. It's hidden the ropes and, and, and what the reaction you can get from doing wrestling moves in the ring and, and the, the promo in the interview.


I, I really have enjoyed that connection with him. I'd like to, yeah. I'd like to be one of those. I think he has two matches he has to do. Okay. He has to do. And I, I'm not putting any pressure on anyone. Put The Pressure on. I think he does. I I'd love to see if him and his cousin R Rains ever have this encounter. Yep. Maybe it's the greatest match we never get. Yep. Just because timing and whatever it may be. And I think we need to finish our own story with, with him and with, with myself. But we'll see his Cheat days are bullshit. Where he is like, oh me, I'm the rock. I'm so, I'm, I'm, I have huge muscles and I'm eating a hundred pancakes. Like Yeah, dude, eat a hundred pancakes when you're already full and fat.


That's, that's hard work. A you know what I mean? A lot of like, anyone could eat a hundred pancakes with a six pack and they be like, back to the gym. A Lot of people have a lot of opinions on his cheat meals. Yeah. That's my opinion. Feel like I think they're fake. I think, I think he embellishes them. I don't think, like when he stacks up all those pancakes, I think he eats maybe a Quarter of 'em. And, and, and it just, like, if you're in really good shape Yeah. And you eat a lot of food, that's not hard. You know what I mean? Because you're just gonna go back to the gym the next day and you're gonna take a big dump if you're already fat. Yeah. And you feel like shit and you can only wear a sweatshirt and you're like, I'm still stuffing my face. That's hard work. So you don't think his cheat meals are hard work enough? And you think his cheat meals are fake? Yeah. Oh, I think they're completely forgetting. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So I guess we got takes, so His cheat meals, I don't, here's why I don't think they're fake.


Okay. Because I think it's a feast or famine situation where if you diet and train like a lunatic, you will eat all 100 of those pancakes until you're in pain laying on the floor. Which to answer yours, maybe it is hard work. No it's not. Maybe These sheet meals aren't such a negative. I I, I don't know. I've never S it goes to the gym next day. All I've never seen a meat a hundred pounds over my head. I'm back on my grind. What Big cat's saying is that it's stolen valor. Right. To eat a big meal like that and to act like you're a fat guy and then to not have to suffer the consequences of eating like that all the time. Like, I wanna See his culture is not his costume. I wanna see the rock eat a cheat meal when he's already full. So, because that's what I do. I just, I just for the record, his cheat meals have been referred to as stolen val.


Yes. Stolen Valor. Yes. Yes. A hundred percent. I agree. I I Agree with that take. Yes. But I'll go one step further and say, I don't think he actually eats everything that I think that The Rock did his first cheat meal, which was organic and it would not like in terms of organic food. Yeah. But like, it was from his own brain. Hey, I'll post my cheat meal. Yeah. And everybody was like, wow, the rock. That's such a huge cheat meal. And then he was like, oh shit. That did a lot of traction. I'm gonna have to, so now he keep it up. Yeah. Find a different way to make my meal look bigger. Yeah. Yeah. What do you, if you had to have a cheat meal, just 'cause we're now we're in it on this cheat meal thing, what would you have? Well, it's all about how you photograph it. Dinner. So if you wanna make something look bigger, you gotta get down from like a low angle. The angle Yeah. And angle it up and have it really right in the camera space. Yeah. I've been, hypothetically, I've been trying to get this, there's a place in, there's one in Brooklyn location called Crispy Pizza.


Okay. And they're all over Instagram. That's mainly that my algorithm is just ice cream and wrestling and pizza. Nice. This is where it's kind of pretty, that's where it's circling at the moment. Mine's Like big tits and cheeseburgers, but Yeah. Yeah. Teach their own cheeseburgers. Yeah. Yeah. For whatever reason I've been trying to get this pizza. But then finally I did a commercial shoot the other day and I could have eaten it and somebody brought it and I, I couldn't do it. Why not? I, I feel like I'm not to the finish line yet on the dieting. Ah. But I, it wouldn't have hurt either, was the thing. Right. I have this dumb game I play with myself where I tell myself, if you have that, you lose everything. Yeah. And that seems like a sick You should see that's a therapist. Yeah. It might be. That's fucked up, man.


No, But that's what makes you great. It's, It's, But If you touch it, it's like you lose it all. Yeah. Yeah. House gone. Yeah. You know, it's a Mess. Everything's gone. It's gone. So Yeah. You were Talking about how you, you keep thinking next time you come out into the rink, they might boom me. Yeah. Like that's a thought that's in the back of your head. I would imagine that to stay in the good graces of your audience, you, you have to think of ways at times, like, what can I do to, to keep them cheering for me. But then it's kind of a catch 22 where if you go too hard, they can sense that. Yeah. And then they'll start to boo you. So what, how, how do you deal with that mentally? Well, I think it's, you can't do the latter in a sense that you can't just do it to get the pop.


You can't just do it to, Hey, they'll like this. That'd be easy. I'm gonna wear a, we're in Chicago's Yeah. Chicago, I'm gonna wear a Bear's jersey. You can't just go for what? The low hanging fruit. It has to be an authentic thing. And one of the big disagreements, John Cena and I have had, And we had this disagreement behind the scenes And we had this disagreement right in front of the camera, is he feels I'm not authentic enough or as authentic as he was. And I think at this point, at I'm pretty confident in Yeah. In who I am. And you've proven it. Yeah. And exactly. I feel like I got a proven, proven track record. But the answer is, you, you can't, you can't be a hack about it. And, and maybe it's that let some of 'em who don't like you, you can't get them all. They may not like you.


When I was wrestling Kevin Owens, he has a great fan base. Just great equity in general. Most people booed, but there are some, you hear you hear a Yeah. A Wild thing here. Every now and then, you just gotta let you can't get 'em all. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. Have you ever seen the episode of, this is such a random deep, deep cut here. You ever seen the episode of Parks and Rec with Leslie Knope running for office? Yeah. Yeah. That's, I love that show. Yeah. That's when she's trying to get the guy and she's bowling with him. Yeah. That's the kiss of death. If you're a baby face in our business, that dude's not voting for you. Right. You gotta move on. All right. Right. You gotta move on. That's A good point. Yeah, that's a good point. So I have a question about your dad and, and growing up, like, I, I grew up loving wrestling, but obviously I, I was removed from it.


Was it ever, like, when you're growing up and you're watching it, was it ever different for you experiencing it and then knowing like, oh, that's my dad out there and he could get hurt. And like, that whole feeling of like, I can't love it. Like a fan can love it in the same way, The way my dad raised me in the business, which will not be the way I raised my daughter, was incorrect. And he never really gave me any inside. So I had to figure out very early on that he has a relationship with Rick Re that's not just Rick Flair breaking his arm in the parking lot. I had to figure it out early on and I never really did. Interesting. If that makes any sense to me.


So like, If Rick Flair showed up to your house when you were like 10 years old, you'd be like, it's on site. So even if I can't win the fight Yeah. I would be willing to fight. Yeah. Like, this guy is really mean to my dad. It's, It's he Exactly. And, and the way my dad was, he might complain about something that happened on screen. He also might complain about something off screen and they all blend together. Yeah. Here, here's what I've learned in my position at, on the top at WWE e and with other top WWE stars that I've worked with, it might as well be the UFC. It might, when you get in this rare space, it's as real as it can possibly get in ways you wouldn't expect. Right. And that's almost terrifying.


But that's why, again, growing up, the son of Dusty Rhodes, I just was his biggest fan. And I, everyone, anyone across from him, just I wasn't having it. Right. I wasn't having it. And I, I've told this story before, but it's the greatest example of, there's the toughest guy in the industry ever was a guy named Haku. If you hear any of these big fish stories about him taking a man's eye out or smashing the McDonald's, you know, drive through window, throwing a body press slam. They're all real, they're real stories. He took a man's eye out, took a man's eye, took a cop's eye out, this is a real story, you can look it up. But Ming Haku, he slammed a chair. My dad slammed a chair over his head and he was so tough that he didn't sell it.


And then he choked my dad out. My dad was bleeding and all this. And I'll never forget it. I was maybe 10 at the time. I probably should have had some, I'm backstage, I should probably know a little bit about what's going on. I remember I'm sitting there next to my dad and he's bleeding and he is got his knees all wrapped up. And Haku walked in and I stood up. This is a man who's taking another man's eye out. And my dad just like shoved me back down on the chair right next to him in a way. Like, no. And he came over and he was the sweetest human being ever. Oh, dusty, thank you. Legend. And helped him unwrap his knees. And he kissed him on the forehead. And I, he left. And I remember thinking just so shocked.


Yeah. Instead of knowing, instead of go, oh, knowing the performance, my dad just looked at me and he said, oh, there's different rules back here. We can't fight back here. And I bought it. Yeah. I thought, yeah, okay. That makes sense. That's incredible. Yeah. That's fair. Yeah. No, but it was, to me, there's that famous clip of the guy standing up saying, it's, it's still real to me. Yeah. That, that's just me. Yeah. I'm just saying it in a more sophisticated fashion. Yeah. What, what, did you ever have a rebellious, like teenage years where it's like your dad caught you like putting on a butterfly robe and you're like, what the fuck? You can't do this. He likes Rick Flair. Now I never had a, I was never rebellious against him. Right. But there were certain wrestlers that I would like that I could tell he is like, Ugh.


Ugh. So he had to explain to me, I, I liked Hulk Hogan as a kid. And he had to explain to me that Hulk Hogan, and again, I thought this was my dad talking, but he had to explain to me Hulk Hogan stole and in the proper way stole, he was inspired by Dusty, he was inspired by superstar. And I just thought, that's a dad talking. Years later, Hogan tells me, oh, I I used to watch your dad and the Tampa Armory. I took everything from him. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Holy shit. Sean Michaels, we were just talking about him on my bus too. I was watching one of his matches. I thought Sean Michaels was the coolest thing ever. I don't think my dad wanted his son at the time to like the guy with, you know, chaps and hoop earrings Yeah.


And long hair. But I was in Yeah. I was, I was in on it. So he used me, I feel like, as a test I'd watch and I'd tell him who I liked and I could tell he would never try to sell me against my own joy. Right. About things. But I could tell there were certain ones he thought like, what the, I, I raised him better than this. You know, why Yeah. Why, why this guy? But I can't believe you. The shot, that's how he, I think that's how he kept young in the business. Yeah. It's a great focus group. He exactly. He knew like, no, no. That's the guy for the, this generation. Were you Stone cold or the rock? Ooh, Important Question. So I was, or in the moment I was stone cold. Okay. And in the moment I was stone cold because Stunning. Steve Austin. Yes. From WCW was on occasion my babysitter.


Oh. On occasion. That's pretty bad. At Center Stage in Atlanta. And he was the nicest guy about it ever. 'cause he didn't really do a lot of babysitting as much as he'd sit me in the locker room and be like, Hey, you want a soda? Yeah, yeah, sure Steve. Alright, stay here though. Don't go anywhere. My match is next and then I'll be back. It was really basic. Just keep an eye. 'cause my dad was running the show at the time. So when he was showing up in Wwb and became the man was, and had this, I thought that's, that's Steve. That's funny. Steve. That's my guy. Yeah. So, yeah. I, I was, I was with Steve early, early on and then, you know, I, I feel like I love the Rock like every everybody else did as well. Yeah. He was so different and so unique. They, they really were great partners together that You just basically described like 12-year-old me's Dream stone cold.


Steve Austin is my babysitter. Yeah. He was. And, and I had a lot of at center stage in Atlanta for W CW at the Omni at all the local UTC, Chattanooga, all these local w CW shows. He'd always get me somebody to watch me. But Steve, I felt like was one of the only ones that really took it serious. I love that. I remember Sherry Martel one time was watching me. She was not watching me. Ricky Steamboat stitched my eye up one time because I fell on the steps and busted my eye. He didn't want my dad to know about it. But how's he not gonna know about it when I have stitches and a black eye? Yeah. That I had a, I had a fun group Harley race. That's incredible. He was just whittling a stick with a pocket knife and the scariest man I've ever seen in my life. So they were unique babysitters. Yeah, definitely.


We'll get back to Cody Rhodes in a second. He's brought to you by Uber Eats introducing subway's hot honey subs featuring subway's hot honey sauce. A perfect blend of sweet honey and a spicy kick made with crispy chicken or piles of fresh sliced meat loaded with melty cheese. Fresh chopped veggies topped with delicious hot honey sauce. A sweetened spicy flavor explosion. Subway also has two legends come together in a bold new way with Doritos stacked with subway's best toppings like steak or rotisserie style chicken, fresh cut veggies, two kinds of cheese and legendary Baja Chipotle sauces. More toppings in every bite. A foot long design means better coverage. No more fighting over the best loaded chip We know it's all about the toppings. Dorito's bold crunch and flavor break outta the bag and onto a foot long of nachos loaded with quality ingredients for a legendary taste experience served in a served warm, in an easy to carry sleeve. Try it free. Get a hot honey foot long. That's hot honey pepperoni and provolone or hot honey chicken free with a $25 minimum spend on Uber Eats. And don't forget to try Subway's new Dorito Footlong nachos topped with subway's fresh ingredients for a limited time only. And now back to Cody Roads.


What about like a, a rebellious phase where you thought that you weren't going to be a wrestler, where you were like, maybe I'll be an accountant? Never an never accountant. But I got a little worried when I was 18. 'cause when I was 18, I had a great amateur wrestling folk style freestyle wrestling career. And I was always wanted to be a wrestler. That was it. I didn't wanna go to college. The plan was pro wrestling, but I thought I was gonna be six five. Like my brother, my brother is six five. We had the same foot. You know, I thought like, I'm getting there. Still not there guys. So that was a concern for me. I went to La Howard finds acting studio out there and I thought, hey, maybe I can tell stories in a different way.


Maybe wrestling, pro wrestling. Those guys seem so big not to realize that I'm pretty normalized Right. In our game now. But it took me, it took me a little while of realizing this is not for me acting. I didn't, I didn't go on a single meeting. I, I had a great coach and I really enjoyed it. But wrestling is where I wanted to tell stories first. Yeah. Well no, you're back in acting. You're gonna be the, the new naked gun, right? Yeah. I Had a little cameo. That's pretty Cool. Love that. I had a little cameo. I feel a little weird 'cause they keep promoting me. You know what, I'm happy that they're promoting me. It's pretty cool. But yeah, I got to do a scene with Liam Neeson. That's Awesome. Awesome. That's very cool. That's legend that Well That's the thing. And there's so many different things you could say. Like Liam Neeson, this movie Liam Neeson, this movie. I'm a diehard Star Wars fan.


So this is K Kagan Gin man. This is Liam Neeson. Yeah. You know, like it's a, it's a yes. Yeah. Absolutely. No matter what. Absolutely. But he was the cool, he was the coolest guy he was. And, and the way he was doing every scene, he'd take it a little differently. It was just cool to chop up with and, and learn from him. Just in that moment. It was very fun. Yeah. I just saw the trailer a second ago and it's, I, I can't remember the last time I laughed out loud at a trailer. Nice. This one did it. I'm in on this movie Full LOL huh? Full LOL. When they showed the picture of oj, that's what did it for me. Oh wow. Okay. That was strong. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. It was good. Sweet. Wait, so now that you've been the champion for a year and your story, some may say, you know, it was completed. Yeah. Are you worried at all? Like, Hey, what's next? Like, oh bro, should I have that piece of pizza, bro, I could be sitting here peaked Yeah.


And not know it. I could just sit. Ah, it's A pretty good peak though. Yeah. It's a great peak. But it also is very, it's gotta be a little bit scary to be like, what's Sure. What is next? Because this, you had such a great story arc to this point. Yeah. I'm sure you'll find a way to tell more stories, but it's got, it's a reinvention almost. Again. I, I think it's, especially with John who was my legitimate mentor. I drove him around for two years and learned everything I possibly could from him. And now to have the situation where it's me versus John Cena in the Wrestlemania main event is a wild teacher student moment for me. But you have to win in those moments. Otherwise the master was always the master. Right, right. For, for me, so much was done for me.


I I, I certainly have worked very hard and have a great team around me and I try to work harder than anyone in the locker room. However, so many people at WWE have done so much for me that I feel like I have to keep going. You know, it's, it's crazy to me that my dad never got one Wrestlemania main event and now this is fourth for me and the third headline match going on last. It's like a drug though. I just gotta find a way to, to get, to get to another one. Yeah. And the only way you can do that is beat John Cena. Yeah. Which is why I can't have that pizza. Yeah. You can't have that pizza. Yeah. How do we feel about John Cena now? How should we feel about John Cena? Or where you from originally? Originally from right outside. I dunno why that determined The Geo John Cena right outside DC He's a recurring guest on this show.


He is? Yeah. Yeah. He's been on twice. Second time didn't go so well. I, John is so polar opposites I feel like in terms of when he was teaching me. 'cause he genuinely was, I'd get in the car with him, he'd get on the phone, Hey, how'd we do at the merch stand? He'd get every number breakdown. He'd then call his boss at the time, which was Vince. He'd talk about the show. He just, he was so committed and so locked in. And I watched all that and I stole, he even said it to me this past Monday, you stole all of the the playbook. You stole the playbook and you're using it wrong. I don't know what that means. You use it, how you use it. I feel like fans, if they have a love for John Cena, if he's their hero, if you wanna see him break the record, I would not discourage that.


Kind of like we were talking about, my dad never tried to rob me of my joy. Yeah. To some people he's still John Cena, you know, picking up big show and edge and doing these amazing feats of strength and to other people, especially the younger audience that's now seen John in the last month or so. He's kind of a dick. And I'm, I'm good wherever you sit on the fence with that. But when you come to Wrestlemania 41, it's you, you're, you're watching the end of John Cena. Yeah. So you can enjoy it as his fan or you can enjoy it as someone who's not his fan kind Of a dick. I like that. I would agree with. Sorry. I feel like No, that was good language. No, that got that, that got me right there. Yeah.


You're we're, we're here to watch the end of John Cena. That's it. And you're gonna do it hands showing up to my my biggest ops funeral. Yeah. We're be so happy. Yeah. You should whisper in his ear while you're wrestling. Like the Pardon My Take guys say hello. He probably won't remember us at all, but I Don't know. He's got a pretty good memory Then. He then that would piss him off. He's got a pretty good memory That would piss him off if you said it, You can get him. Yeah, because he, he went in on me on Monday in London and it just felt so deep. Yeah. So deep to the point where, you know, I think I might have had the, a penis joke as a follow up, which I was, I was good with that. Yeah. That was good. We're we're here to have fun guys. Yeah. Yeah. We are here to this, we're here to have fun. But also, I, I walked away from that thinking.


He's been thinking about this for a while. Yeah. If, if I'm meant to be his successor, it's He ain't handed it over. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. So you gotta tell him, be like you, you remember the time you went on the number one sports podcast with purple gloves and you couldn't take a joke. Maybe Hit him with that. You want me to hit him with that? Yeah. Hit him with that. Do you want to, do you want to know how dumb certain people think I am? By the way, they must have told me that you guys are the number one sports podcast. They're laughing because I told them to stop. I told I because I said I, they say, Hey, do you, do you wanna come on? Pardon My Take? Yes. It was a yes. Yeah. Yeah. We were a yes. Let's go. And they were still, you know, it's the number What, what part of me. Yes. What happening? What part of me indicated to you?


You I wasn't interested. Yeah. But they, that's an old school sell at ww It it's, you guys are factually the number one sports podcast. Right. Way back in the day. Wwb like, Hey, it's a great opportunity. You could really, they, that was always, I don't need that. Yeah. I It's real. Yeah. Just let it be. Yeah. Alright. So just tell 'em that the Pardon My Take guys like me more than you. 'cause that's a fact. You're a better guess than him. Yeah. That you are a better guest than John Cena. I'll tell him right now. Where, where's he at? Yeah. John Cena. John Cena. The Pardon My Take. Guys like me way more, way more than they like you. And I'm a better guest. It's not even close. And our Fan base likes you way more now than him because again, it didn't go well the last time we had it on There. It is. Good job By your team though.


I think they sometimes teams remind people of that because when they sit down here, they're like, they forget that. Yeah. When they're talking to us and they're just like, how, how are these guys number one? Yeah. 'cause we're look at it. I, we actually cleaned up today for you. We Actually, I don't Your net your neighbors didn't clean up. Yeah. They have Brandon Walker and the ra the wrestling gang. Yeah. Yeah. But we did, there's a big chewy box on the floor and no dog. No, that's for Brandon. What A tease. Yeah. No, the guys came in and they cleaned up dog food. Yep. Yeah. They cleaned up. It looks really clean in here. It looks great. Yeah. I I maybe a dumb question for you about the signs that you see at wrestling events. Yes. They're always really funny. I feel like for the most part, people are creative when they bring their signs in. Yeah. And that's all I look at when I'm watching wrestling on tv. A good sign. A good sign. Yeah. I try to find the best sign.


Do you spend any time at all reading the signs in the audience? So there's a particular moment where it's been heavily complained about by some of my peers. But there's a lot of pyro for my entrance. And there's, there's a third one that may be a little indulgent where I'll go up on the buckle and they all yell Whoa. In my song, when I get up on the buckle before I go in the ring, I try and look out and see as many signs as I can. 'cause a lot of times it might just be a little kiddo with a American nightmare sign. I want 'em to know I see it. And that's also a good way for me to remind myself, I'm doing this, we're doing this together. This performance, this competition is not just here in the squared circle. We're all involved. So I like to do it there. In terms of funny signs, I saw one that had a picture of me side by side saying that I look like Randall from Monsters Inc.


Okay. And for a moment, my heart was broken, but then I kind of looked at the way my posture is and I'm a little Randall up. You're a little Randall. Yeah. I'm a little wrangled up. I thought, you know what, I'm good with that. It's a compliment. Yeah. I was okay with it. Wait, So you're saying other guys have big time pyro envy of you. Are they mad that you Py iss hard to Get and you have all of it Pyro iss hard to get. Are you hogging the pyro? If you were to look at a, like a line by line Yeah. Sheet. Are you, are you a pyro hog There? I am a pyro hog. Okay. All but also I don't, so Triple H runs the show, right? I'm I'm, I'm his guy. Yeah. I don't wanna blow that.


Yeah. I might have just blown it. But that's who picks out the pyro. So Kevin Owens is the one who's gone on a rant lately as to why he doesn't have any pyro. And I feel like we could probably spare some pyro for Koko. Yeah. You know, like you Should just hand him Yeah. Like a little, like a sparkle or something. Here you go buddy. Well, there's a whole argument for maybe he doesn't need it. Yeah. You know, Steve Austin never needed pyro. I'm not gonna lie, I don't mind the whole give all the bells and whistles. Some guys are just right there in your face and they didn't need it. But I, I don't mind blowing the sky up when I come out there. It wakes 'em up. Yeah. It's an exciting moment. Yes. Yeah. So you think like every other guy sees your pyro and they're like, that is a firework that could have been used on me. Yeah. Like every single time.


Like That one was too much. I could have had that one. Yeah. I Heard a guy literally as I was walking out and the first one burst. Tell the rest of the boys that were in the gorilla position, which is the behind the scenes position. There goes your Christmas bonus, guys. Oh, I love it. A we don't get Christmas bonuses. Yeah. It's just a, it's not how the pay works. Yeah. And it's not, we're not taking money from the talent pool for the pyro. But I love this because this is kind of what you were talking about. How Yeah, listen, we understand what wrestling is, but there's a real factor to it. The competition behind that is so real. Yeah. That, that makes it awesome. That's Why. So when, like, the f word, when people say fake, I always, I never get hot. Some wrestlers get real, like hot under the collar and they talking about injuries and things of that nature.


The reason I never say it is because the competition at the top is as real as anything I've ever done in my life. Right. So I can't. And then the feeling, you see a kid and his dad or a whole family together and they come to a show, their feeling is as real as anything ever too. So it's a, it's a real crazy world. I love That. Cody Rose, the pyro hog. So speaking of entrances, you've wrestled undertaker. Did you, were you ever, like, this is the longest entrance ever. So I didn't have that reaction to undertakers. Okay. I had that reaction to Romans. Okay. But then I found out mine clocks in a little longer. Really? And I thought, okay, fair. I'll tell you a cool undertaker story from last year.


'cause I, I believe the undertaker might be shoot magical. Okay. Well explain that. Well. So I think there's real magic there. Okay. And here's where, here's where I saw it. Wrestlemania 40 undertaker's gonna come in, he's gonna choke, slam the rock. This is gonna happen. He's going to help me in my situation because there's 50 members of the bloodline and I didn't have any, anybody with me. So the gong hits and then he appears, places their mind. And it's just a really, the energy you can feel. And I'm kind of laying there half beat to death. But one of my eyes was open, he chokes Sam to the rock and he looks at me and it never was on camera. 'cause he just looked back at me. I think he was looking to have a moment with me. And I blew it basically.


'cause I'm just laying there half dead. And he literally just looked at me and went and winked and then the lights went out. That's awesome. And I thought that, that, that happened. Yeah. Yeah. The undertaker, I, I feel bad. I texted him at, I wanna say five in the morning his time the other day on accident because I was in Europe And we just did this big thing with Clash of Clans and Supercell. And he's one of the skins you can get. I just needed him to know how good the game was. Right. I don't know if he was interested. Yeah. I, if he Cared. I thought it was really cool. That is cool. Yeah. Taker's the best. He Is. He is the best. You Gotta get him on your show. You've had, we've had Him on, we had him You had Take on It was big ut guy. Big Texas guy.


Yeah. I, Yeah. He's, he's the man. I mean, undertaker and Kane, that storyline. I, I have no offense to any of your storylines. Yeah. I think that's the peak of wrestling Brothers fighting each other. Yeah. And just like I thought they were. Yeah. Well, I mean, brothers, the, the fire and everything and you know, Lightning bolt on one another and they did some wild stuff. Yeah. Ka Being revealed. Yeah. Yeah. That was, that. Hell in the cell is all together. One of the greater pieces of business. The match is amazing. Sean Michaels is amazing. And then they reveal of Kane. I had to watch it. Remember in Pay-per-view, if you didn't order it. Yeah. Or if it got screwed up. I waited too late. So I had to watch it in the, the Fuzz. Yeah. And just your Jr Like, that's gotta be Kane. Yeah.


The best. How often are you actually surprised in the ring? Like do, how often does the production pull something on you that you don't know is coming? I honestly like to be surprised every week. Oh yeah. I, I like to be very disciplined, organized, know what I plan to do and, and be polished and prepared. But I'll say this, working with Cena, I've been surprised every week. That's, that's not gonna be, I don't wanna say it's difficult. I wanna say it's challenging. If, if you, again, if you're meant to be my successor, show me. Yeah. And just, geez. All right. But production wise, they're pretty on about No, nothing wild. Yeah. With me at least.


It's a really good, really good team at wwe. They can make stuff look quite amazing. Yeah. What do, what do wrestlers do for fun? What do you do for fun outside of wrestling? You don't eat pizza. I want it though. You Want it? But Crispy pizza, man. You don't eat It. I want it. You should get like an assistant who just eats all your pizza for you. I'll Do that. I'm gonna be honest. Just go around with You kind Of have that already. Oh, you do? Okay. Yeah. Brother's on the bus right now ordering an ice cream cake. There You go. This is like, that is the scene from Dodge Ball where a guy La Flore, he is sitting in the office and he is just looking at pizza and Shocking himself. Yeah. So he won't eat it. Yeah. That's Pain's, that's not unhealthy in any way. Right. Yeah. Good. He was a good character. Yeah. But what do you do for fun? Well, my daughter, she's almost four.


So that is the journey. Yeah. Just, that's the greatest thing ever is just hearing about what's going on in her life and the trials and tribulations of super kitties and that stuff. Yeah. Super kitties. Yeah. She's just, oh my gosh. And she saw Snow White the other day. All kinds of opinions on that. Just, just that to me, I never thought I was gonna have children and me and my wife, that wasn't part of our plan. And then this has been, oh my gosh, we, why weren't we doing this all along? I know. Yeah. It's just been the greatest thing. Other than that, other than hanging out with Liberty, I would say I go to Top Golf a lot. Oh yes. Okay. And I'm a slugger at Top Golf. Okay. I feel like a real golfer.


Yeah. Yeah. And I try to dress the part and everything, but I'm not a golfer. Yeah. I'm just got, I'm, I'm a good little You Dress up like it. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a good little top golfer. I like And top golf's very fun. So You smash it, you step up, you. Oh yeah, man, Just a driver. Oh yeah. Just, and, and if somebody sets it where they're playing Angry Birds, they're effing up the whole flow. Yeah. Because that's not, when, that's not skill based. Yeah. That's not Top golf. Yeah. Yeah. It's not top golf. That's not top Golf. Thank you. It's not top golf. Wait, do you actually golf on a golf course? No. No. This is just, I just go to top golf. I'm just, I'm just cranking. That's what I'm saying. I wanna look the part. Yeah. And I, I would be ready, you know, you start talking to again, I mentioned kind of being in an office position. I'm always ready. Somebody asked me to go golfing. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna fake it till I make it. Yeah. I'm gonna go out there and do my best.


Yeah. You bring your own clubs to top golf? No, not yet. I haven't got there yet. That's what you should do. Just like, that's a bold move, huh? Buy your own set. Just for top golf. Gosh, that Sounds great though. Yeah. Custom clubs too. Exactly. Yeah. Like a pool shark. Yeah. You show up and you're like, oh, I got this one. Do you remember that Unbelievable Fresh Prince episode where he Uncle Phil and the Hustler? Yes, Yes, yes. It, it's a regular, this is a weird thing. I want you, you watch weird stuff when you're on the treadmill. Yeah. Weird things motivate you. Something about that scene makes me wanna run through a brick wall. What does his name is Pull Q. Oh, it's got a female name. He's pass for it from Jeffrey. Is it, is it Lucille? Yeah, I think it's Lucille. Is It Lucille? Yes. Like Jeffrey fetch me. Lucille. Lucille. Yeah. He, and then he's, He's just so nasty with It.


He's just running it up on him. Oh man. And he's smooth. Yeah. Yeah. He's got that big guy smooth there, man. They don't make TV like that anymore. No, they don't. Huh? They don't. I wish they don't.


Alright. Well this has been awesome. I got one last question for you. It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos. Hoodies. Joggers, shorts. I'm wearing the sweatshirt right now. Rollback dot com promo code. Take.


Okay. So we talked about your future in wrestling. Are you acting? Are we gonna be, I know that you're in the new movie, but are you, are you, are we gonna be like Lead Man Cody Rhodes? I'd love to. I I'd love to get out there. There's some fun projects coming up. I'd love to get out there and tell stories that way For sure. And grow. I I love pro wrestling. I'll always, like I found with, with The Rock, it's here. Right. He's a wrestler. But to get out there, and I love what Rock has done. I love what John has done and Dave Batista as well. All of them have gone different routes when approaching Hollywood. And I think I might be next to Join the Fray. Okay. With all that. And we're gonna, And we're gonna beat John Cena on April 20th.


Right? Yeah. You got to his last Wrestlemania just whisper In. Can you promise us something? Can you, can you just make him feel pain? Yeah. Put him in pain. Tell him this is for part of my take. It's naturally pretty painful, but extra pain. Extra pain for Pardon? My Take. This is For, Pardon? My Take. Yeah. Dial it up To eleven's a Little PMT pain right here. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Want him to go one extra, you know. Yeah. Yeah. He'll actually, he might get scared. He might be like, oh my God, he's, He's gonna kill me. Sneak one in, you know. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Kill him. Yeah. Alright. Well, Cody, this has been awesome man. We really appreciate you coming by. Thank you. And a lot of fun talking to you. And good luck. April 19th. April 20th in Vegas. Be careful In Vegas. Can you, can you go out after, can you, can you like, enjoy yourself?


So I've been to Vegas a bunch of times. Yeah. We were talking about the story earlier. I went from wrestling in Sam's Town, which is a local casino, which is a great, the Killer's albums named after it to Allegiant Stadium. I am Vegas out. Yeah. So I'm, I can do it to you. Yeah. I'm, I'm more worried about some of my peers. Okay. I need them to make it their Saturday and Sunday. Yeah. Okay. Do you have a fanny pack? I, I always loved wrestler, like nineties wrestlers always had fanny pack. I assume it was, I tried re shirt tuck, fanny pack and dip. Okay. I tried to be a chewer. I threw up on the side of the ring at OVW and C Punk had to watch me and like, basically why I threw up in a trash can. So at that didn't work for me.


Okay. And the fanny pack, I didn't have enough stuff. Ah, wrestlers always have, there's like everything in there. It's a bottomless bag. Yeah. What about more pyro? I could always get more If you just have more pyro in your face. Like when, when the next time someone complains, they're like, God, he's taking all the pyro. Be like, Hey buddy, look at this. Here's some Black cats for Have more pyro. Well, that's a great idea. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh, you thought I took all the pyro. Look at this. Yeah, I had a little leftover bro. Yeah. They didn't know what to do with it, so I took it. Alright. Well Cody, best of luck. Thank you. And stay champ. Yeah. Thank you. Thanks man. Thanks guys. That Was great. Oh, that was


great. Cody Rose is brought to you by No Bull. If you're going to work out, you've got to try out. No Bull footwear. They're the best shoes. The most comfortable for both in the gym and on the go with options across training and lifestyle. No bull has options for everyone. I'm rocking my No Bulls right now. Wear 'em to work out. Wear 'em to jog. They're great shoes. Not only are they super comfortable, they give great support. They're lightweight, but they look awesome. They're great looking shoes. Perfect. If you're working out, if you're on the gym or on the go. And exclusively for, Pardon my Take listeners. No. Bull is offering 30% off your order. Visit no bull project.com/pmt for 30% off your entire order. That's N-O-B-U-L-L-P-O-J-E ct.com/pmt. Get 30% off. Your entire order of Noble


Fest is presented by Morgan and Morgan. Morgan and Morgan is America's top injury law firm. We all know that life comes at you fast. One minute. Something's going great. The next second boom. Crash disaster. When you find yourself in the middle of your very own fire fest, you just might need America's largest injury law firm in your corner. Morgan and Morgan has been fighting for the people and helping with your Fire Fest for over 35 years with Morgan and Morgan. It's easy to get started and their fee is free unless they win. You can check 'em out@forthepeople.com slash pmt. That's FOR the people.com/pmt.


Okay. Fire fest of the week. Let's get it going. Get it. Copy. I don't think Henry has any fire fest. 'cause he's been, you've been in such a great mood this week that it seems like you're really running on full cylinders here. Yeah. Actually, you know what? Let's, let's, let's go a different order this week, max, do you have a Fire fest? I don't do Fire Fest. Let's do one this week. Do you have a Fire Fest Max? I don't do Fire Fest. Okay. Well You got, you got Fooled by America's top actor. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I hope this is the last we talk about it. I think that's the real takeaway is Jerry O'Connell's back. Yeah. The acting chops still got it. We're victims as well. True. We were just, we were victimized just like you Max. I think me and Big Cat are actually the biggest victims here.


Yeah. Disagree. Okay. Do you, how, how did the 24 hours, you, you said your mom called and made funny of you that couldn't Yeah, my Mom called and made funny me. How, any other reactions from, from people close to you? Yeah. I got re I got reactions from a ton of people. Yeah. I mean, you had the cross. Listen. Did it suck for you? Yeah. Are you a moron? Yeah. I will say I got a lot of people who were, who would text me as they were listening, being like, holy shit, you're going to the White House. And then being like, oh fuck. Oh. So they fell for it too. Yeah. But this was one of those moments that crossed over where like, my friends in real life were like, holy shit, max is such an idiot.


And I, I was like, yeah man, he's really dumb for that. But you you, you put a smile on a ton of people's faces on Wednesday. That's a fact. Yeah. I'm happy for those people. How was Hank Was one of 'em. How was your beef with Hank going? I wish I thought of the pizza draft thing in real time. That yeah. That, that was a miss by me. That Was the first thing. This was, this was gonna be my fire fest. But I What was the first thing I said to you on, on Wednesday? No idea. I apologized, I listened back. I said, I said, I said I was gonna listen back to make sure nothing was cut. And I remember laughing as hard as I did. I was like, this was really funny. And then as I listened back, I was listening to myself and I was like, you know, chill out.


Hank like, you're being an asshole. I sounded like an asshole. I felt bad even though it did get the reaction. That was funny. But I felt like I was from, I didn't think I was as mean as I sounded when I listened back. And I was like, no dude, you sound like an asshole. So I, my fire fest as I was mean and I apologize. Well also Hank's Fire Fest is reminding you that he does listen to the show. Yeah. That was a good way of putting that Hank. And he wants credit for the apology. Yes. Well no, that was gonna be my fire fest. Like I, No, he just wanted to listen back because he's a sicko and he was like, max sounded like an idiot. Let me go back and relive that moment Of Max. I said in the podcast, I was like, 'cause you were like, we're gonna cut this. I was like, I'll make sure he doesn't, You Knew I wasn't gonna cut It hand off.


I listen back twice. Yeah, yeah. You guys. But that had nothing to do with seeing if I was gonna cut it. You just loved that moment and wanted to live through it again. No. Yes. I was, I was laying in bed on Tuesday night and I saw the podcast dropped and I made my wife listen to it because I was like, you gotta hear this. Yeah. Well and it was, it was worth it. But yeah, I Also, my girlfriend listens to nothing. She didn't listen after the Eagles won the Super Bowl. She was like, oh I gotta listen to this. Oh. And I was like, that may, what'd she say? Everyone just likes to listen, likes to see me at my low points. And that's how I felt bad. I was like, no you don't, Don't say don't say that you felt An actor's a good guy. Why were you being such an asshole?


I can tell you. So it wasn't like when I was like dumb. You're so dumb. You're so dumb. It's like that was mean. Yeah. Yeah. It's been eating Hank up inside. Oh yeah. He's says guilty conscious Max. No, Hank's. Hank's never had any moments like that where he, where he falls for a prank. Well I wouldn't get that upset if I did fall For a prank. Oh yeah. I was gonna say, here's the good news, max. As long as you get over this prank, I would say within two years you'll have gotten over faster than Hank did with the, the pizza Mount Rushmore. Yeah. Hank was mad about it for legitimately two full years. You know, You know why Hank's been in such a good mood recently? Because this is as far away from Mount Rushmore season. It was as we can possibly get once we get back into Mount Rushmore season, he just becomes pissed off all the time.


Yeah, That's True. Yeah. I mean different circumstances, but I still, you know, double Olives. You know what, I was actually looking back at the Mount Rushmore pizza toppings. This is how I know that I'm getting a little bit old. The combination of ham, green olives, black olives and mushrooms. Like that actually sounds like a pretty good time. It does. I think we did it another Time. Billy and Jake saying oregano with their, with the Yeah. Oregano. Oregano. Yeah. No, with their number two overall pick. And then I did the whole Oh, I thought you took sausage. How to get back to Hank. Oh my god. Hank had everything I do. We also do it with appetizers. 'cause someone sent me a graphic of our appetizers. Yeah. And it was like we had the worst picks ever. That looked intentional. No, I think what we did on that, if memory serves, Hank had an all time bad draft of the worst appetizers.


Oh yeah. Where he put all the good ones. And so we tried to give that back Down. I won that draft. Yeah. Cal Mari's trash. No, Ari's Good. No, but I can tell that you're really, you're beating yourself up over being mean to Max. And I appreciate that from you. Yeah. Yeah. Really nice of you. Well, I do sometimes 'cause I do get people a decent body. Even even like, I think my mom has asked me, she's like, are you and Max like, I'm like, yeah, me and Max are tight. Like we're boys. It's like, really? 'cause it doesn't sound like that. I know. I like, that's my favorite question when people come up to me and be like, you and Mac, you and Hank actually hate each other, But listening to the snip. Yeah, I get it. I get It. Listening to the podcast, I completely get it. 'cause it was like very intense. And I got you to your voice to screech.


Oh man, My voice screech is But again, max, I have a question again. Pft, do we have a way of like, when you're going back and listening to the podcast and when Pug is editing it, certainly you're, you're letting Pug edit in peace, right? Hmm. I got mad at Pug For doing what? You didnt threaten him with violence, did you? I I don't think that I threatened him with violence. I heard was violent there. I don't remember threatening him with violence. He did. We have a clip too. Yeah. What did He say? We don't have a real clip. He did? No, we have a clip. Max does a thing that's very Italian. He, when he gets really, really mad, he goes like this. He re raises his hand like this. Like he's gonna backhand You. Well, no, but that's like, I, that's me just speaking with my hands. That's That's when he adds a a period.


Yeah. Yeah. He chops it. Correct. Correct. So memes, what did he say to pug? So Pug was editing the podcast. It was his first time listening to it. And out loud Pug just goes, I can't believe you fell for This. No, that's not, that's not what he said. Memes is talking. That's not what he said mem that's not what He said. Mem talking memes Is talking. Well, he just did it wrong. Well, memes is talking. He let memes present his case then. But He answered the question wrong. Then you can object. Fuck Close here. It was close. He was like, he genuinely asked the question, which made it even worse. He was like, you didn't actually believe this. Right. Oh. And, and I I was, it was when I was the most heated About it. That's what memes just said. And He said, no, no, no, because the way that memes portrayed that was, he was mocking me, but he wasn't mocking me.


He was genuinely asking the question, not mocking, which made it, which made it me even more angry. And then what? I told him to shut up. He just kept asking, being like, no, like you said it like this is all he, he, he was like, this is all a joke. Like you, So he was trying to have your back Kind of, but it, but it made me He Had your back more angry because he couldn't possibly, possibly fathom. It was Extremely, after he said Hamas, you knew it was fake. Yeah. No liberal judges. Reagan, you I Nothing more from Hank. Nothing more from Hank. From Hank. After you've also been pranked in, in a way that is unfathomable to understand Also to be fair. Well No, that's competition. I believed in something and I just didn't realize that the world, You believe that Billy football's first pick was oregano In a Topic was Billy and Jake.


And yes, Jake could definitely pick Oregano's favorite topping To be fair to Hank. Or to be fair to Max, he, he p Ft has terrible taste. He probably thought that, that Jerry said no hummus and Max was like, not a problem. Yeah. I will never, Never an issue. Never. Yeah. So I had to, I had to, I came in on Wednesday morning. So I think there's a lot of, this is in pmm. TV go watch it. I came in Wednesday morning and I I was said hello to the boys and they're like, did you hear Max threaten pug with violence? So I had to call Max. I had to, I had to, to to lay down the law. There's no threatening of violence to pug. And everyone in this room can threaten violence to each other. That's, that's a totally fair thing.


I think that's a good healthy working relationship. If every now and then we're like, I wanna beat your ass, but Pug, he's too precious. We cannot touch pug. So Max agreed. No more threatening violence towards pug Fair. But Pug also was Like fair. I Was like, did he threaten you? He's like, kind of, and I was like, how'd that make you feel? He is like, well he is my boss. I was like, that's bad. Yeah, no, I should have done that. Yeah. I, I was, but I was, I was mad. Yeah. You hate dogs. Yeah, I have a Dog. But credit to Hank for saying sorry to you. What? No, no credit to Hank. Sounds like you weren't listening. He said he was done with me. He's done. Done. I, we were, this was like maybe six hours later.


Well that, that and, and me and Max crossed paths in the bathroom and I saw him and I just like, you know, tapped him on the shoulder like a good friend. Kind of chuckled. Yeah. Hank just Looked at me for the rest of the day with that stupid little fucking grin On his face. I'm done with you. And stormed outta the bathroom. Yeah. He was mad. I tried to give him a hug. He hates when I try to give him a hug. I always, every time I leave the office and the boys are still working, I'd go up. That's a lie. That's a lie. And I went up and that's, it's usually pretty Late because you're working late too. What the fuck are you doing? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a lie. Hank, we're Playing golf. Yeah. Good, good Guy. Hank cooking. Great job. Hank and Golf. Alright. PFT Good friend. Even better coworker. That's what we say about Hank my fire fest of the week. It's, it's all Blake related this week. So on Sunday took Blake to a dog training class.


'cause we're trying to, we're trying to work on some of his behavior issues. And at the start of the class, the trainer went around the room and she said, everybody here please introduce yourselves. Start with the pronouns. I thought she meant Blake the dog. And I think he go, I think he's, he him is what I think that was an awkward moment for myself. And then later on this week I picked him up from daycare. Wait, Why? What does it matter? What do you mean? Like What is it awkward? Because I, because the dog, I don't know. She wasn't actually asking for the dog's pronouns. But she was asking for yours. It, she Was asking for all the Pronouns. Got it. Got it. But you're still he him.


Yeah, but I, when I look at Blake, I'm like, I thought she was talking about introducing Blake. Did you introduce Blake as he him? I started to got it and then I realized that halfway through and it was very awkward and very embarrassing for me. And then I picked him up from daycare on Tuesday and he wasn't putting any weight on his back, right leg. So I took him to the vet. He wouldn't let the vet touch him yesterday because he was like, I don't know, he was like, don't fuck my leg. So now I have to, I've got him doped up today. I gave him four pills this morning. I'm giving him four more this afternoon. Then I have to pick him up because he's gonna be knocked out. Put him in the car, take him to the vet. Hopefully they'll examine him. But now it's looking like Blake might be last summer is when he had the double elbows.


Yeah. Yeah. And now he might have an ACL. Oh fuck. So I gotta get, I don't know, can we do blood spinning? Oh fuck. Can we do h Is there Hg Get Him to Germany. Get him to ger, fly Blake to Germany and see what's go. Hopefully it's not the ACL but yeah, he's, we're looking at maybe another summer where shit Blake won't be able to go outside and play. Which is a bummer when you look at your dog and he just looks at you like, I'm depressed. Yeah. I mean I can tell that my dog is depressed. People Are starting to ask can he stay on the field? Yeah. There's injury questions for Blake. Can't make the club in the top. You can't. There's injury questions for Blake. He is, this is Anthony Reone. I signed Anthony Reone to be my dog and I still love him. But it's tough looking at your dog when he's just like, this sucks dude.


Yeah. Help me out. So yeah, Nothing you can do. Hopefully we get an answer today. Yeah. Hopefully it's not a torn seal. That would suck. Yeah. You'd drive over in the Camaro. I don't own a Camaro. I mean the, you don't listen to the show. Oh Wow. Doesn't listen again. The the El Camino is also not starved. But I figured out. But that's also normal. Yeah. A lot of people are asking questions about the El Camino. Here's the thing, no One had high expectations with the El Camino though. That was kind of like when you drafted the El Camino, it was like he already has torn four acls and it'd be a shock if he can make it through a career. So that one at least is like, oh, you know, no one blinks an eye. Right. We're taking a shot. Yeah. On a guy that, that had injury concerns in college. Yeah.


And is high upside for it. But I think I figured out what's going on and I'm fixing it up this weekend myself. I'm gonna try to fix my car. You're gonna make it worse. I'm not gonna make it worse. I'm gonna make it Better. No, you can't. Can you make something worse? That's Good question Hank No Mean Hank Max. You don't know anything about It could physically blow up. Like it could just cease to exist. That sounded like a Italian threat. Yeah. Are you gonna put a bomb in my car? It'd be a shame. Yeah. It'd be a real shame if that happens. If you, if you try to turn it on PFD and it blows up. I bet. I I bet you max that I get the car running by the end of this weekend With no help. No help. I get to use YouTube. Well, it's prob don't take that bet Max. Because it probably just doesn't have gas in it.


That's true. That's not true Point. That's a good point. That's a good point. That's not true. I can't, I I Just put two gallons in my garage in there and I filled it up on my way home from work and put 20 gallon or 20 bucks in there. So I think I know what it is. The battery is not hooked. The battery terminal had like a, a thing that was fucked up on it. So I'm replacing the battery terminal, like the, the part that connects the wires to the battery this weekend. And I got tools. I bought $200 worth of tools at AutoZone. So ready to go. By the way, do you know that like the new cars, it's crazy what they've been able to do to, to fix some of the old car things where I left my car door open overnight the other night. 'cause I was like getting my kids outta the car and I just forgot to close my door door.


All the lights turned off on their own. It's crazy. It just knows Because usually that was, I remember like back in the day you left the light on in your parents' car and they were just like, well the battery's dead. Fuck you, why would you do that? But like, and it was like the little light. Yeah. Now they, they they got it all figured out Except it's all computered out. So like it it's way harder for you to fix it. Yeah. If there's something wrong with it, you gotta take it in. Well it Was always hard For me to fix it. Yeah. Know me too. I went from like, I have no car knowledge whatsoever. Now I feel like I'm, I'm elementary school level where I'm, I'm still like that guy from the meme where he stands in front of the server and just looks at it and hopes that he can figure out what to do. But I watch so many YouTube videos on how to replace a battery terminal.


And I got the most expensive set tools that actually, here's, here's what happened. I hit up the guy that sold me the El Camino and I was like, Hey man, another problem. And this is like my third time calling him and he goes, okay, I think I know how you can take care of this. You're gonna want to go to Lowe's and you're gonna wanna buy a really expensive set of tools and you're gonna wanna learn how to fix the car yourself. Mm. And then he hung up on me. That's brutal. That's Pretty bad. That Was like the, when I was, when I was like 18 years old and I went to A GNC and I was like, Hey, I'm looking for some type of pill or something. Powder to, to lose weight and gain muscle. And he's like, you're gonna want to just grab, I think I've told this before, you wish you wanna grab these big black plates and then you're gonna wanna lift it up and then you're gonna wanna lift it up again.


Yeah. And do like, you know, sets of like 10 and then do that five times. Yeah, That's, that's exactly what this guy said to me. And, and I was like, okay. And then I paused for a second. I was like, wait a second, this guy's fucking with me. And he is like, okay, I gotta run. Yeah. And then he hung up. I was like, Shit, there's nothing worse. So Step one accomplished. I bought the tools. Step two, I'm gonna get this fucker started. I'm gonna drive it. If it's, if it's nice outside, I'm driving it to work on Sunday. You can take that to the bank, max. I'm looking forward to it. I hope you do Max my fire fest. It's, it's convo between you and I. We gotta talk. It's, we're getting a t-shirt weather. Do we have a plan? Because this is, I'm trouble. This, this is a, I'm in trouble too.


Like I've, this is, this happens every spring where the twinks here, Hank and PFT, they get a little nice weather and they put on shorts. They're like, I love This. I'm an otter. My The the first nice day where it's like 70 degrees and you hold onto the sweatshirt and you're like, this is uncomfortable. And you realize I'm gonna have to start wearing a t-shirt. It's the worst feeling in the World. Yeah. But you know what? I feel like swim shirts have become normalized For regular work. No, I'm just saying like, if you're thinking about going to the pool, oh No, no. I'm not talking about taking my shirt off once the shirt off. Once his shirt is off, it's all there. There's nothing you can do to hide it. I'm talking about the feeling of being uncomfortable wearing a t-shirt outside, which all bigger men do around April.


It's like April happens and you're like, fuck, this sucks. I forgot that I couldn't just wear a sweatshirt for the entire year. You know what you should do? You should just become like a clean white, quadruple XLT guy. Like a Kevin Federline. Yeah. Like the ones that you can buy in gas stations. That's a dated reference. Just become a giant t-shirt guy. Yeah. Max. We've become giant t-shirt guys. I mean Max and I have talked about this before, the Instagram ads that try to sell us the t-shirts that make us look like awesome. But they never work. No, nothing works. Nothing works. I just gotta get, It's always like, I'm just like 10 to 15 pounds lose that. I also gained a little weight from March Madness. So that didn't help. Here's What you do.


Giant t-shirt, big ass preferably and won basketball shorts that go down to like your shin and then walk around with a hand towel on your shoulder. Mm. That's a good look. That Is a good look. Like a tarkanian. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Max. So you got no plans? You've been lifting. Yeah, I lift, but I mean it, it's, it's not enough. I don't do You went all The way to a different Planet Fitness location. 'cause we had to move Far. Oh wow. I, I've gone to two separate Planet Fitness locations this week. I I was playing road games. Love that. So I'm trying Love that. I'm trying. Yeah. I did the Were they nice? Were they they were nice. I mean we love play fitness. Yeah. They Were great. I did the thing where I started lifting again.


I think I've lifted four times in the last week and a half. And then I tried to convince my wife, that's why I've gained seven pounds in the last week. I was like, well it's muscle, it's power. Duh. But it's like four times. That's Yeah, it's the, the streaming. The streaming, the streaming just eats so much food. March Madness is just sit around and eat. Yes. There's so much. So much, So much. Oh my God. And then we got blizzards and they were just, oh, the thing Is when you're staring at a screen, you just absentmindedly eat stuff. Right. You just graze all day long. Right. But that's the cycle of life. It's like every single year I'm pretty sure that we go through the same phase. Correct. And it's like post normal spring break.


It's our post March madness. And then we look at the clock And we've got, oh shit, we got two months to get in shape. But The, what happens every year is we get that one day that's like 70 degrees earlier in the week or, or I mean, sorry. Early in March. And you're like, oh no, this this t-shirt shit is gonna be a problem. But then you tell yourself, you convince yourself, oh I still got like a couple months. We're like a week away from it just being t-shirt all the time and we're gonna be so fucked. So I don't know what we got. We gotta do something about it. We gotta do something about it. I just gotta eat less. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta eat less. I gotta work out more. I gotta walk more Calories in, calories out. Have you heard of that one? Yeah. You a little, remember when you got a trainer because you were trying to dunk and then you didn't dunk.


I remember that. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, you're going to dunk? Yeah. Oh really? Yep. You're still training? Yeah. Hmm. Are you, that's Interesting. I'm still working out. I'm not training for Dunking, but I think I'm gonna, like, once September comes around, I'm gonna start training for Dunking again. Are you nervous at all for how much money I'm going, but I'm still getting stronger. Are you nervous at how much money you're going to owe me after the golf long drive? Definitely. Yeah. That's a lot. Yeah, it's a lot. Could be A lot. Yeah. Lot of cash. I'm or a lot. I'm nervous about it. I've, I've struggled with that because if I outdrive hank by like 30 yards am I actually gonna be able to collect $30,000 from Hank? Yeah. Jack McCarthy owns, owes me $19,000 right now, so. Yep. I'm gonna collect that coming for that call.


Your daddy Jackie Nova won their first Crown game. Yeah, but this also is, Shout out like naughty. This is also going out on Friday, so we don't know. That would suck if they lost tonight. I All I said was they won their first game. They did. They won their first game. That's A fact. Yeah. Alright, numbers four. Whoa. Three. I'm getting it. One. I hope it's also, we gotta play more hoops. Yes, we do. 91. That Works too. I'm thinking Monday afternoon hoops. Monday afternoon we do morning. Yeah. I like Monday. Yeah, Monday sounds great. I'll go 73. Get in here p quick Nims going 99 4.


I'm getting it. Sorry. 15. Oh, I hope no you're, I Hope three hits so hard right now. 93. Did you Say 94? I said 91 I think. Ah, Shame. What's up? You got a problem? You staring at it. Shane's looking at it all weird. Shane, you got a problem, you got a problem, you got a problem. Shane got a problem. You looking at it weird. Hey Pug, do you feel safe at work? Pug? Do you feel safe at work? Do you feel safe at work? I, me and Max squashed the beef so things are better now. Yeah, But that's, that's kind of like someone's got a gun to your head and you're like, Hey, I got no problem with him. Like you, you could tell us like, pretend Max isn't here, Max, Are you worried about, are you worried about it?


If he gets that mad again, there's no telling what he could do. Yeah. See, there's Small worry. Do you feel for your safety? No one can get him that mad again. That's, I I feel like we're gonna walk in one day and we're just, P's gonna have like a black eye like pug. What happened? He's like, oh no, I slipped or he'll, It's fine. Or like he, I, I said some things I shouldn't have said Himself. Yeah, it fell down the stairs. It's fine, it's fine. It's not Max's fault Pug. We're here for you. Okay. We could beat the fuck outta Max. All of us combined. That's a fact. We Almost had to do That. Yeah. Yeah. There should be a safety word. Actually, you know what, I'm gonna get you a taser pug in case he ever comes at you again. You can tase him and if even if he like, if he like steps to you a little threatening TAs his ass.


Okay. Okay. Because God damn what that clip be incredible Pug. If you're ever around Max and he's making you feel unsafe, like he might hurt you. Let's think of a word we can say maybe, maybe meatball. I like that. Okay. Meatball. I like meatball. That might get him hungry though. Yeah, well that would distract him. Yeah, true, True meatball. I wanna go outside. Just wanna see Meatball. Love you guys.