
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have three time NBA champion Dwayne Wade in studio. Awesome interview with D Wade. Really, really fun to talk to him. We're gonna talk some playoffs. The Thunder Are A Wagon. The Panthers are a wagon. The Pacers and Nicks played one of the most exciting playoff games maybe ever. We'll talk to memes about that. RIPG GMR say we're gonna talk about that. The tush push doesn't get banned.


And then we are gonna finish up with Fire Fest with our good friend Oldie, who is back in the booth smelling bad. So, great Friday show going for you to get into the long weekend.


And it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA finals are almost here, and every play could be the one that changes everything. This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and the action never lets up. And with DraftKings Sports work, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You don't just watch the madness, you live it back. Your favorite team ride with your clutch time killer bet on the buzzer beaters, the breakout performances, the game winning threes from player props to the same game parlays. This is how you take your fandom to the next level. New to the game, no sweat. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app BET just $5. And if your bet wins, you'll score $300 in bonus bets. It's that easy. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Wire at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over in eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Be must win to receive reward. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio. Okay, let's go. Football guy. My my yeah, my Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app and use code take, that's code take for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins, would you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Friday, May 23rd. And the Oklahoma City Thunder, our NBA Champions Thunder Thunder. It was cow. Do I still have that ticket? Can't wait. I Cannot wait for this call, sir. I gave it to Pug. Yeah. Gave it And he gave it to Someone and then it was given again. I think the Donnie's are both going. Oh hell yes. Whenever you get both Donnie's involved, it's a great time. It's rare. Yeah. The thunder are really fucking good. They're really, really good. And yeah, we, we laid into SGAA little bit on the last podcast. I still stand by the take that I don't like watching him when he is fab dating. But he is a great player. He did more, he did less of the Fab ba tonight.


Well, he won the MVP too. He won. That happened thanks to Shams for spoiling it. Bullshit That they announced it when the two MVPs were in the playoffs Series prior. Do you think That they should have done it when it was like last, last Years? Yes. He, he's saying they should have done it during that. Yeah, I think there was a famous one. I think it might've been Dirk Nowitzki. No, that was No, no. That was after he got bounced. Yes, Dirk got it in the second round after they got bounced by the Warriors. I wanna say it was like a David Robinson Hakeem. They announced it during the, the the actual series. But yeah, I agree with you should've done it. We should've done it before game seven. Yeah, They should've. Yeah. Yeah. It would've been sick. This was, this was a great game by SGA, there's no doubt about it.


I still get pissed off when he, when he embellishes. I think the Timberwolves are at the, at their wit's end with the two. Yeah, There was a little bit of that tonight for Sure. But he also, like, if you take that aside, he played a great game tonight. Yeah. He was upset. He's awesome. He had 38 points. He was dominant in, I mean, the first half, he missed like two or three shots. He, he's really goddamn good. And I wonder, the question that I have for you guys is Paul George an all time Oklahoma City thunder player, because of course Paul George got them SGA and a thousand picks, I would say. Yes. Which I, I will say in in defensive Clippers fans, they probably don't need defense.


A lot of people are doing the, like, can you believe this trade? SGA was not, no one thought he was the gonna be an MVP when they got traded for, and Paul George was very, very good at the time. Right. Still a crazy trade looking back at it. But yeah, Paul George got them SGA and a lot of picks. And now the thunder look like the far and away best team in the NBA. They suffocate you on defense. Anthony Edwards had a pretty nice night and it still didn't matter. They're just that much better. And they, I, I don't know what to say. Like, they're just so much better than everyone at this. And They can hold a lead. Yeah. They can't, they're a very tough team to come back on. They just, they they get out and transition so fast. Oh, every turnover is, yeah.


It, it's unreal. Like they score before the defense even has a chance to fully get behind half court. And, and It's crazy. And all they do is turn you over. This was another game where I, I think the, the Tim Rolls had 14 turnovers. The, the Thunder had six. Gotta win the turnover battle. Gotta do it. And it doesn't matter because they're just that good and Yeah. I, I don't really, you can't even, we can't even be like, Hey, t-shirt guy, put your t-shirt on. They just keep winning when he doesn't have a t-shirt on. I, I got, I got one thing to just bring to light National Sports podcast. Yep. They've got the best super fan in the world. Yeah. The the Thunder. Do they got two? Well, I'm talking about Thunder. Yes. Thunder's awesome. But also Brick Guy is awesome.


Brick Guy. Cool Thunder. So Thunder. He rocks. He's oldy he wears like a, a Mexican lucido hat and he takes his shirt off, he paints his chest and he, he looks Like oldie. He is the absolute best. I I looked up some information about him. His name's Garrett. He's a social worker and he changes on the way to games in a gas station bathroom. I Love that. And this dude is, is the best. We gotta get him on Huge Home Field Advantage. Home Home Port Advantage. Yeah. There's Thunder Door right there. He's, he's, we gotta get him on Big Boy Thunder. Someone get us a thunder door. He let figure it out. He lets out. Whoops. He needs an APAC during, during foul shots. Yeah. He, his claim to fame is, he was the first person to call Chris Cayman, Chris Caveman.


Oh. That's when He was Shooting foul shots. And I read an article, they did an interview with him a while ago. This is like maybe 10 years ago. He said, as a bigger guy, I grew up always wanting to swim with my shirt on. As goofy as I might be and how outrageous my antics might be. Deep down. I like to promote body positivity and feeling confident in yourself. If I can take the thing that I'm most uncomfortable with and make that something that can entertain others or be a distraction for free throw shooters, then I took a negative into a positive. I love This guy. Thunder Door Rocks Thunder Door is the man I would like to have him on PMT. You Know, it's a blowout when Thunder takes the mask off and he just enjoys the rest of the game. My Job is done here. Yeah. I don't know if he did that tonight, but he has done that in, I think in that the nuggets blowout that they had in game two.


I think he just was like Thunder door. My, yeah. My work here is done. Yeah. And he went back into Clark Kent for the rest of the game To stick. But my watch has ended. Yeah. Yeah. But This guy rocks. I love Thunder Door and it, Yeah. I, I don't even know. I mean, we'll see what happens when they, so we're, we're obviously it's Memorial Day weekend, so next we will talk to people. There'll be two more games that go on. Yeah. 'cause we'll be back on. We're gonna do Tuesday, Friday next week. Hopefully there's still a series. I think that the Timberwolves are gonna figure out how to win one or maybe two at home. I think they'll, they'll figure it out. I don't Know how it's the game game three. They gotta win game three. I don't know how it's a must Win. I don't know how, but I, I don't see the wolves getting swept. Yeah. I mean you would hope that like, like Nas Reed's gotta hit a three eventually.


I think he's Oh, for 12 in the series. Yeah. He's gotta hit a three. And you, Julius Randall didn't play in the fourth quarter. Yeah. He had a bad game. Which that is. 'cause he has been incredible. All playoffs. Even last game when he started, I think he had 20 points in the first half. Him having only six points and not playing in the, the, in the fourth quarter. I don't know if he was injured or anything, but he, that's bad. And I, that's a bad Sign. I don't think that you can make the case that you, you might get a friendlier whistle at home. Because I believe that tonight the foul shooting even favored the, the Timberwolves. Yeah. Shadow Scott Foster. Yeah. Playing banged up, got hit in the nose. Did he have A tampon in his Nose? Yeah, he did. He put a tampon in his nose. Love that. Yeah, it was, it was a big one.


Did you guys also see In the second period, right? Yeah, It was the second period. The, did you see that perk? Was there perks going through some stuff. Right now, the picture of Kendrick Perkins standing next to Stephen A. Smith that went viral Parallax angle. That was tough. Also, perk is doing some weird stuff where he, he, he was like Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook never got outta the second round until I showed up. Fact. And, and Kevin Durant quote you and said, you do real MVP. Yeah. I love that. And and he also had, I think it was last week, he said he would've locked down Yoic and then they just played footage of like baby yoic just like fucking him up.


And the Celtics is like, you know, it's a family, family team. And he's like on the like not allowed in. Really? Yeah. What, why? Because He was like leading the charge against getting rid of Jalen Brown and Jason Tatum. Oh. A couple years ago. He was doing his job as a journalist. But what what happened was he was at the game and they announced and they announced him. So He is gotten all his former teams. None of them. Yeah. Well he did get a standing ovation tonight. Oh, Nice. Yeah. I I think the people love him. Yeah. He got a standing ovation night. Do think he, he has to know when he says stuff like that, like it's a little bit tongue in cheek, right? I don't know. I don't know. I think he's, I think he's suffering from the fact that like all he's fires from the hip, all of the games and box scores that he played in are readily available.


Yeah, that is true. You know what I mean? Like, he would do a lot better. It's giving off big like, oh yeah. My summer camp girlfriend, she's actually from Canada. If she, if he was a like a folk hero. Yeah. Like back in the day, like Yeah. Kinder perk. Big perk. Yeah. Big, big perk. Men used to cry instead of going to the lane against Big perk. Yeah. If he was, if he was a boxer from like 1915, yeah. We would be, oh my God. The best ever. But so back to the standing ovation, we got a standing ovation. Now I don't know what the timing was with this, but it was a little weird because they only showed one highlight and it was just a repeat highlight of a different angles of a single donkey had. That's awesome. I, I dunno, I don't know what happened there.


But here I'll, I'll send it to you, max. I think you also might have misquoted him a little bit because he didn't say carry the hell on. Yeah, that's true. That's true. He Yeah. Perk. He's, he's going through it right now. But the thunder, they're just, they're better than everyone. I don't really know what to say. It's like I Got a question about the thunder. Yeah. And the roster guy for Guy, if you put 'em up against Boston Celtics, why would you do that? They're Not in the Playoffs. Who, who are we taking here? God's The guy got the thunder are still playing. So you got, I mean the thunder are Stacked. Yeah. Top to bottom. Top to bottom. And what's crazy about the Thunder, and I know that this is getting ahead of ourselves because they haven't won the title.


Here's the, here's the highlight. If you guys wanna see it. It's pretty sick. This is Kendrick Perkins and his career at OKC. And that's a dunk. Yeah. Hell yeah. It is. And then there's the same dunk from a different angle. Yeah. That was it. It was a good dunk. That was a great dunk. I, I don't want to get ahead of ourselves. There's still some basketball we played. Anything could happen. The craziest thing about the Thunder is like, they're so young and they have so much, like so many draft picks they have like, like I was saying the other night, like, Che Holmgren is just gonna get better. He's he's already very good. Yeah. He was good again tonight and he's gonna keep getting better.


Yeah. You could make the case that this might be the worst Thunder team that we're gonna see in the next five years. I like that. I like that. Yeah. You could make that case if The thunder can win with this roster. Yeah. Imagine what they're gonna do. Yeah. It's a good case to make. Should we start that discussion? Yeah. Will this be the worst Thunder Championship in their dynasty era? No, this is an Office Thunder fans are gonna be so bad about this. This Is, this is like, if you look at it, this is the off year for the Thunder. Yeah. And the fact that they're doing this is super important. We're gonna look back and be like, dude, they fucking, they won with this team. Yeah. And listen, I I like the Thunder. I think they're a great team. I think that they're entertained. I love Caruso. I think you feel the same way. I love Caro. I love Lou Dotz. Who by the way, I don't know if you guys knew this fact I found out yesterday.


lou.name is Lu dot, his father's name is Rin Dot. I like That. Literally the same name. Just a g an F instead of a g. I love it. I fucking love it. Yeah. But I, I think that that with the, if we do nitpick at SGA, it's because there's literally our only complaint about the Thunder is that your star player is too good at gaming the rules. Yeah. With and you're, you're mowing everybody. Like I might be an SG atheist. Yes, I am. But that doesn't mean that I can't appreciate Alex Caruso. Yeah. I I, I agree with that. And they're a really good team. It's, you can't take any like what they've done in the playoffs so far. 'cause I know obviously they went to seven with the Nuggets. That's credit to the nuggets. But I even in that series, they had a couple blowouts.


Like it just feels like when they beat these teams, they're just killing them. Yeah. Killing Them. This game was a close game again. We might, and then it was just, oh, the thunder are gonna do their thing. Like their their defense is just so good. And their offense can go through a little bit of lulls every now and then, but it doesn't matter 'cause their defense is that Good. I think we have to just like fast forward the entire conversation and say, are are the thunder bad for basketball? It Could be. Are we gonna have to, are we gonna have to make a Sam Presti rule? I mean, Sam, because he's hoard. He's built such a great team. Sam Presty the asset king. Yeah. He's just swimming in assets. Eating assets. Should we talk about the other game?


I think we should. Which one


Quick, quick break for Gametime. Okay. Before we talk, Nick's Pacers Gametime Football is back the 2025 NFL schedule is out. And the only place you should be getting your tickets is Gametime the official ticketing partner. Barstool Sports. We're already planning our fall schedule and circling the games we want to go to with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NFL tickets. Gametime makes scoring NFL tickets faster and easier. They have exclusive discounts and you can find seats for as low as a hundred dollars. The Gametime guarantee means you can trust, you'll get a hundred percent authentic NFL tickets on time and for the best price plus fees are always included. So what you see is what you'll pay was looking at tickets right now for Cowboys. Eagles opening night you can get in for it. Looks like around five 50 is a get in price. It's banner night. It's gonna be a lot. But Gametime will make sure that you get the best deal with Gametime tickets. So take the guesswork outta buying NFL tickets with Gametime, download the Gametime app, create an account and use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime?


Okay. Nick's Pacers. This was one of the more shocking, craziest. Awesome. I don't really know what other superlative to use games that I've watched. It was insane. And the Pacers, I I think we can all agree it's not a fluke. It's not like a coincidence. This keeps happening. This is the third time they've done this thing. This was the most extreme one. But the third time they've done this in these playoffs in the Buck series, they were down seven with 40 seconds left in the Cav series. They were down five with 30 seconds left in this game.


They were down eight with 40 seconds left. They were down 14 with two 50 left. And the stack goes that all time. Teams that are up 14 with under three minutes to play were 977 and zero. And now the one is the Pacers and what they did, and it's crazy. It was insane. I've seen so many different like versions of that same stat where you can even back it up to three minutes, four minutes, five minutes. Yeah. And they're all the same. Where it's like they were Oh, for 1,414.


Now they're one for 1,415. Yeah. In this circumstance. Crazy. And yeah, you're right. The pace was they, they pro they've proven that this is what they do. They Don't run outta gas. They're better conditioned than every other team. Yeah. And they've got guys that can hit three pointers that can, that can heat up and not, it's not like they're shutting teams down. Like the Knicks still scored points That so So the discussion that I think was thrown out there, they Have like six points in the last two minutes. Yeah. And the discussion that was thrown out there because obviously Tyrese Halliburton hits that shot. Incredible shot toe on the line, but still like such an insane shot for it to bounce that high. And he does the Reggie Miller choke, which was a ballsy move because he, well he didn't know at the time he thought he had won the game.


I'm okay with it. Yeah, no I'm fine with it too. Aura. You agree? Yeah. What about the laced up Tims? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Halliburton just, he may have just made the quickest transition from no aura to massive amounts of aura this postseason. Yeah. But I don't think the Knicks choked as much as they choked a little bit. They were making shots. Yeah. And they missed some free throws. And obviously there was the goal tending that everyone's gonna talk about in overtime. Yeah. I get it. Like to say the next choke though Yeah. Does a disservice to Aaron Nesmith going into God mode. That was God mode. What he did in those three minutes or whatever it was, maybe a little more was insane.


Five for five from Three. Yeah. It was, it was nuts. Aaron Nesmith Pacer for Life. Right. Insane. Didn't play for anybody else. I Mean that Was, wait, did he play for somebody else? Aaron Nesmith? Yeah. Who did he play for? Hank. Oh, did he play for the Celtics? He on the Celtics draft. Oh. Oh nuts. That's wild. Oh no, that was, that was so impressive. God mode. Yeah. Like I don't really know what else I I I don't think you can say in the zone because it was more of a, it was more of a like crunched timeframe and it was perfect. He was above the zone. It was God mode. Yeah. So I think that the Knicks did kind of choke it a little bit though. I, and that's not taking anything away from what the Pacers did because the Pacers were obviously great in those last three minutes.


But Jalen Bruns is a great player. Love watching him play dog. He looked super shaky in the fourth quarter, whether it was inbounding the ball, whether it was bring the ball up the court, he looked scared and there were, there were a few times when he turned it over, there were even more times when he should have turned it over and lucked out. He got very, very shaky in the for, I don't think I'm, I'm telling tales outta school with that one. Memes. Well, memes, would you agree with that? I think the one inbound play and then he threw it up to Josh Hart was the shaky One. I I think he had several of those in the fourth quarter though. Well, I, I think, I don't know about the shit. 'cause he, what he ended up scoring 42. Yeah. He had, He Had a great game. He, he had a great game. I, I think the, the crazier part for the Knicks is that when it was 10 minutes left in the game and it was 94 92 and Jalen Brunson gets his fifth foul, you're saying to yourself, oh fuck, the Knicks are gonna be in trouble here.


And then the Knicks ripped off a 14 Oh run. And you're like, oh my God. Jalen Bruns iss sitting on the, on the bench And we just went on a 14 Oh run. And all of the, like you said, like you, you back it up. It's just like looking at all of the, the scores at different times Yeah. Is just insane. They're up, you know, 1 19, 1 0 5 with two 50 left, they were up seven points with a minute and 20 left. They were up, what was it? Eight points with 40 seconds left. It just, it was an impossible comeback. And they, and they did it because Aaron Nesmith was insane. And When Halliburton hit that last shot and regulation after the ball hit off the back iron and went like eight, nine feet up in the air.


I don't know about you, but I was like, that's Oh, that's going in. Yeah. That's gonna fall in. I also was like, that was Jim ce. Yeah, he did. That was his last tweet. His last Tweet I did, I did a CE Legacy game Monday line and we'll talk about him in a second. But that was, I just, I the Pacers are so much fun. There's so much fun to watch because they have just guys with big balls who make big shots and Halliburton, Halliburton is so good. And I know that like he got voted overrated. He now is the most underrated. And we dove Means basically he's so good that his, his peers hate him. Well no. For how good he is. Yeah. Kirk Goldsberry told us it was like five people. It was Rachel that voted for, or Rachel. Rachel Told us. Rachel knows 13 people.


She said 13 total players. Yeah. Voted him the most overrated. Yeah. So it's really not that many people in the NBA but they just didn't want to vote for anybody else. 'cause that's a, a fucked up award to give. The guys that got probably, he got this Olympic spot over that. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And I was watching a clip. There was, there was, someone posted it, it was, it was like, I've loved Halliburton from this moment. And it was, he was doing like a watch along for a, I dunno if it was a playoff game or a NBA League Cup game. And it was a highlight of Jordan pool with like 10 seconds left chucking a three from like 35 feet. And the other two people on the panel, I think it was Taylor Rooks and someone else, they're like, what?


How do you take that shot? And Hal Burton's like, I love that shot. He like, that was a great shot. Exactly. He's wide open. He's like, I'm taking that shot in the playoffs next year. Yeah. Yeah. He goes In and that's just what he is. He's just unafraid like the move to go into the paint like that and then come out and you knew he was gonna take it. It Was a stupid fucking shot. But it Was awesome. It was crazy. Yeah. Yeah. The whole thing was crazy. And it was, I Saw people saying it was a double dribble. It was not a double dribble. It got poked away from No. Yeah. He got, he got his, the hands were put on there. What were you gonna do? What, what are you doing? I wanted to see if memes thought it was double dribble because Yeah. So that's true. Saltiness. Yeah. So memes, let's, let's talk about This. It was not a double dribble, but I saw a lot of people being like, how do they knock all this?


But I would respect it if memes held, held firm and held the line. Said that's a double dribble. Memes. We, we did a, a review of your tweets last night. Good job. There was one that we noted though. Where'd You guys review this? We were sitting in Here. Yeah. We did an internal Review. Yeah. It's the internal review. Oh, nice. It's part of our, It's part of our evaluation. We do that every Friday. Yeah. We do it every Friday. We look through all your treats. But you, you did it. You you had it all. You had the, you had the choke, you had everything. You were, you were doing all caps. But the one that we made us laugh was the choke picture was not all caps. And it just said Hal Burton hit the choke on the tying basket. Yeah, I Did. Yeah. Yeah. The memes. You were, you were an all caps guy.


When something exciting happens and when, when the Pacers were coming back, you said something like, the Pacers just won't die. Yeah. Somebody was like, oh, Jim Mee, don't say something. But I saw that one and I was like, that's just memes being angry that the Pacers won't die. I was just in, I was in shock. Yeah. Yeah. The Knicks are just cursed. 'cause like if OG makes that free throw and then Tyrese steps on the line and gets it too. Like that's what somebody with good luck get gets and said. It was like, over time, Ty, you don't get the goal end now you just lose. Yeah. So how are you? I mean, it's one game. That's the thing is like, there was a lot of, it was a shocking game. Knicks fans were commiserating, which I understand, but it was just one game.


You win on, you win on Friday night and it's like, all right, let's go. Yeah, you went on Friday night, you're back. It's what, 10 50 right now? Like this morning I didn't leave the couch. I, it was probably the worst loss I've ever seen in my lifetime. But you win game two, you're back. Yeah. And it, and the Knicks, like if you want to go positive spin zone, the Knicks were the better basketball team for 56 minutes. 57 minutes. Yeah. And, Or no, no, no. Not 57. I was doing NFL time. Wow. Wow. It that's football brain. We just did American Rejects at the, at the, they played a private concert for, it was sick.


We're gonna have the lead singer on the show on Tuesday. It they played the Better game for 45 minutes. Yeah. And then Nay Smith was just touched by God and then you just couldn't fucking miss. I Miss football, that football rock. I was just going 60 Football the world. So sick. So it means you, you stayed on your couch 60 minutes. You were angry. I stayed on my couch. You didn't move memes Did text the group chat like four times. What time are we recording? Let me know. Yeah. Let me know what time we're recording. He's like, I wanna to get this over with and get the fuck outta here. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty much. And now I've just been, I've just been here all day. You've Been stew, you've been, you's been stew a little bit. Yeah. You don't, you don't handle loss as well.


But that's fine. I think that that's no one. Most people don't at this office don't handle loss, By the way. No. Nick fan should be judged for how they handled that loss. No. 'cause that loss was as gut punching as you get now. Like anything you said did, acted in the, like, two hours after that game should be legally wiped from the record. Yeah. I crashed out pretty hard in our production group chat. Oh no. Can you, what did that look like? Can you read some of them? No. Max is shaking his head Says no she shouldn't. Is that hard of a crash out? Yeah, It was pretty, it was pretty bad. Did you apologize? Did you go after anyone? No, No, no. It always just ends up with me quitting somehow. Oh You did. You quit last night. If they don't let me know, I'm gonna quit.


He blamed Chicago For his tires. That's actually valid. What's that? I had to get Three retire. Okay. That's fair. You Retired three Times. Three ti three tires replaced yesterday. Yeah. You retired three times yesterday. Yeah. The loss was so bad. So bad. Alright, so, and then what else was said in the, The weather? I blame the weather in Chicago Also. Fair. Yeah. Okay. Anything else? I I mean anything on hand. Imagine Were at No, I blame Shane. Imagine we were at softball when that was Happening. Yeah. Oh, what, what, what did you say to Shane? I was just like, this is all Shane's fucking fault. Okay. Go on. Well why He, he, he sent me a picture that let me know he was doing something.


Oh. Oh. Group chat. Thanks. Taking a shit. Yeah. Oh damn. That is Shane's fault. I have, I was like, I don't wanna be thinking about this. It's just one game. But the Pacers But the Pacers are so much fun and they're scary, scary team because they don't like the fact they've done it. You can't, You just can't. Memes. I'll tell you from a, a experience, you can't blow game two. Win game two, you're Fine. Yeah. No. Just Can't blow another big leading in game two. 'cause then, And it's a pattern. Yeah. Yeah. So I did see, if you're a Knicks fan, I hope that you just avoided like memes. You avoided all sorts of sports media, even if you work on a sports media podcast. But I saw a lot of shows today just straight up bearing the Knicks.


Just saying the Knicks cannot come back from this. I that. Which is bullshit Don get that. I disagree That it's, it's it's bullshit. It's a, it's an overtime loss. The the Pacers are a great team. They will never die. You have to kill 'em seven times if you want to actually murder 'em. But to say that the series is over, I respect the boldness of the take. Yeah. And, and also like, the Knicks still, like Kat was very good and he's gonna be a mismatch problem for the Pacers. Like I OGs been good. Yeah. Like, I I think this will still be a series I Yeah. Jill and Brunson's still incredible. That Was a tough, a tough, tough loss. Did you see the new cat sound dropped? Let me get it to to Max so he can play it for you guys.


I fucking love Kat. I I need him micd up for every single game. He's so fucking funny. But I, you, you gotta keep your head up. It's one game. Win Friday night and you're good to go. Yeah. You can't win at six if you don't lose two. So. That's true. Good point. You did predict it. Ready for this. This is, this is Mitchell Robinson talking to Kat before the game. What? I'm here you Yc. I'm you YC Y-C-S-E-C. Are you, are you in the Caliban? I am. I've been, I mean, I've been riding with the Pacers. Like I said, I had, I had a money line on Wednesday night, which was the craziest win possible.


I might be in adea. I I've been, I've been in the Caliban and Pacers this whole run. They're just fun. Yeah, they are. They're Sixers. Twitter's been getting, getting into it because there's rumor, there were rumors a while ago, like back when Ben Simmons was on the Sixers that Darryl Morry turned down a Tyrese Halliburton. Oh, you get in there and you make it about you Max. Yeah. And also, I'm just saying Yeah, you don't have the best Tyrese in the NBA. Oh no, No, no, No, no, no, no, no. It's also crazy 'cause they, did you guys see there was a, someone did the, the all the draft picks for each team in the conference finals. And it's like the Pacers have built a team of not Yeah. Like top three guys.


And it's, it's pretty damn impressive. It is. Yeah. Naysmith great draft pick, Great draft pick Naysmith. Yeah. So Brad Stevens. Yeah. Trust the process. Why'd you get rid of him? Trust the process. Brogden Malcolm Brogden, who won 6 million of the year. It was a good at the time, you know, it was a good trade. Win-win. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But I mean, you didn't know he had God mode. No, I mean it, you know, it's been four years since that trade. But yeah, he's a great player. Great draft. You haven't really thought about him that much before, like this playoffs. He Has anyone. Yeah. I mean God mode. That was crazy. It was God mode. God Mode. Yeah. Jesus is Christ What memes. I mean it was so crazy. And then after the game, he was just, he was like, I'm just so good at shooting.


I just let it fly. That's a great answer. He's like a guy like that shouldn't be doing that. Yeah. Yeah. Did you The Halliburton choke, it could have been a bad one if they had lost in overtime, that would've been as bad as you get in terms of memes and everything going after him. I, I, I think that it's, it's incredible that he was able to overcome what seemed like a, a jinxing choke that he made. He tried to, he tried to will the meme into existence before they won the game. That feels like something that will come back to bite you. And he just overcame that in overtime. Yeah. But the Reggie Miller choke series, the Pacers Lost. That's true. Yep. Good point. Also, here's another stat, just one last stat. This one's crazy.


Since 1997 and 98 teams are four and 1,640. When trailing by seven plus in the final minute of the fourth quarter or OT in the playoffs, the Pacers account for three of those four wins. That Is nuts in these playoffs. That is nuts. That's fucking insane. Yep. Four and 1,640. And they have three out of four in these playoffs. Crazy. How, How many points would you need to be up by memes in the, in the final minute of the fourth quarter to feel comfortable? 15. 15. Yeah. 15. That sounds like that sounds like a challenge. That feels like a new pacer stack that's gonna drop.


Yeah. You should have gone like 25. Yeah. Dude, you don't like the stats that came out after this game. I know. Were all so shocking. You don't wanna make a new one. And I loved looking at all of them. They're, they're mind boggling. It's just four 1,640 Crazy numbers. Yeah. Last thing on this game, I, I saw that Charles Barkley actually said this to Adam Silver And we agree it's time to get Tyrese Hal Burton's dad back in the States. I I said that like two days after they banned him for the entire playoffs. Because you could see a way that this would unfold when it feels like the punishment is too heavy. Yeah. Ban him for the rest of that first series. I get that. Or I I guess it would be the second series. Yeah.


The first two home games of the second series. Let the man's dad watch his son dominate in the NBA. Although Him doing the clip of him at a bar, doing the choke and having the towel and just going crazy was very funny. But yeah, let's get it back. Yeah. I saw Stave threaten to, to fight him. He's like, just let me fight his dad and then all is fair. I think it's, I think it's a fair compromise. I don't know if Stave wants that fight. I, I think Stave wants the fight. I don't know that Win the fight. I don't, I don't think he wants to fight after he has the fight. Yeah. Yeah.


Alright. Talking about this game on Friday night, let's do first basket scores brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. High stakes drama, insane buzzer, beaters, jaw dropping dunks and the excitement you live for. And guess what? Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting part in the NBA is giving you a chance to boost your winnings every single game during the Playoffs. That's right. Every game, all Playoffs along DraftKings rolling out a special NBA Profit Boost. So what are you waiting for? Download the Draftking Sports Book Cap now. Use code take to claim your profit boost. That's right. Code take gets you a boost for every single NBA playoff game. Don't miss your shot at Big wins. This is the moment you've been waiting for. Only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction Boyd in Ontario. Get one NBA profit boost per game after opt-in boost expires at the end of each game. Boosts bet criteria and maximum bet limits vary. See terms at sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Pacers nicks, I need, I I need to catch up with Max, so I'll just go Halbert. All right. 11 to one. 11 to one. What are you guys gonna do? I'm gonna take Aaron Naismith. Okay. Eight To one. Good one. Maybe God mode still. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go aka 'cause I like saying aka. Yeah. Seven 50. I'm, I'll just run it back with Kat. Got me a win last or last week. I'll run it back with Kat. Okay. Plus 4 75 Plus 4 75. And Max, you're in the lead for our competition. I am is a lot. I Am. What, what are significant margin? I think I'm up like a thou around a thousand.


Oh, okay. So you better not have Halliburton hit one. I know Halliburton would be tough. 11 one. I feel like that's way too, I'm seeing plus nine 50 For Hal. Oh, I see nine all plus nine 50. I was reading Josh Hart plus nine 50. Okay. My bad. Plus nine 50. Good catch max. That Is a good catch. I mean, that's a big difference. That's a big difference. That's a big difference. They're at the bottom. I, I saw plus I was reading it and didn't link the names. Max Nine 50. Max Maxie will pull up stats real fast. Real say competition Against him. We're all looking at it. Yeah. Real Fast. Plus nine 50. You know what, maybe I'll just, I'll parlay Hal Burton and Josh Hart. They'll share a first basket. That's cute. I don't even know what that means. That's adorable. You Can't do that.


Okay. Other things we gotta talk about. Jim CE passed away. Very sad. I was thinking about A PFD. I think Jim CE is the closest to how I would wanna live my life if I was a billionaire. Yep. And he was the coolest for that. He had a football team. I know his dad bought the team, but he owned a football team. He collected sick guitars by all accounts, he would just hand people money and do really awesome things for people without having anyone say anything. Yeah. Like being like, Hey we, I don't want the publicity. He partied like he was a billionaire. NFL owner who has many pictures of him like shirtless or has like stains on his shirt.


He lived how you should live if you are a billionaire. Yeah. He was a dude. I agree a hundred percent. This is exactly what I would do if I owned an NFL team. If I had that money, I would buy an NFL team. I would smoke cigarettes on golf carts. I would give away a lot of money. I saw a clip of him a while back, this was years ago where he was at a Bills game and he was in the, the owner's suite at a Bills game. And he was like talking back and forth to some of the Bills fans that were in front of him. Like just friendly banter type stuff. And then after the game was over, the Colts had won. He just starts autographing a hundred dollar bills and just handing them to everybody. Yeah. He's like, he's like, thanks for tolerating us guys. Appreciate it. Here's some money. Enjoy yourselves. He would walk around with stacks of, of a hundred dollar bills like Yep.


In the thousands and just give them away to people. He did a shit load for people in Indie. I know like at the national level, what you know about Jim rse is probably limited to some of his demons. Yeah. Some complicated things, Which is fine. But like this, I think it's actually good to point at this and say, if you're an addict, that doesn't mean that you're a bad person. No. And also, And I don't, I don't think he, I think if you talk to anybody that like dealt with him, they loved him in indie, he was eccentric. Yeah. But guess what? I would probably be eccentric if I had that much money too. He got rid. I will never forget the fact that he is the first owner to have the balls to say fuck you to Dan Snyder when Snyder threatened to blackmail every other owner.


And he goes, yeah, try me. 'cause everything that I've done is out in the open. Yeah. You're still a piece of shit and we're gonna do something about you. He, he had that guitar collection, which is the best guitar collection in the entire world. He had I think, three guitars that were worth over a million, two of which were worth like $4 million. Yeah. And he had this huge collection that he would take out on the road and just be like, Hey everybody, please just come look at all these pieces of American history that I have. Yeah. And he was offered a billion dollars by, I think it was Dubai. They offered him a billion dollars to buy his collection and he said no. Yeah. I I'm not gonna sell it for that. I don't care about the money.


I just want to have it so that I can, I can show people the collection that I have. Yeah. And I, I think the, the the, you know, he, he obviously battled some addictions, like he was a complicated guy. But guess what? Complicated people are more interesting in life. Like you could Yeah. There's, there's good and bad. But that's, that's kind of why I looked at him and like, he felt like one of the more human owners that we had in sports because Yeah. He did have demons and things that happened, but he wore them all and it was like, this is who he is. He's not perfect. Yeah. Which I'd much rather that than someone be like, oh yeah, I'm perfect. Everything's perfect. Yeah. I mean, the man made several big mistakes in his life, but I don't think that that defines what he would, because like I never got to meet Cha Mercy.


I would've loved to have met the guy and to, to interview him or just to like, introduce myself. We never got the chance to do that, unfortunately. But he did send us Yes, the giant banner of the Colts fin a FC finalist. And he wrote, I think he wrote those lyrics that he, he sent over to us. Yeah. That said, like, it takes a good friend to tell you that you're pissing in the wind. Thanks for telling me I was pissing in the wind. Yeah. He also undersold like when that happened, I remember PFT being like, Hey, like Jim Marissa said, he is sending me something like let's film it just in case. It's probably nothing. Yeah. And it was, that's the Greatest, I think that's the greatest Thing he could have ever given. I, I saw Eric Burkhart had a, had a, a thread today that like, I feel like summed up Jim Ce he, he told the story, he said a brief Jim Erse story that I believe is important to share.


Years ago I had a Colts client player who unexpectedly lost a beloved family member. Mr. Erse personally called me with the sincerest condolences for the entire family. Further, he offered to pay for the funeral, which we graciously dismissed. Days later, Jim's right hand man called me insisted that Mr. Erse pay for the funeral. His one condition was that it wasn't made public that he did this. And upon following through and assisting them in executing his amazing gesture, his guy told me in confidence, Jim Erse does so many incredible things like this on his own and without credit. And last year alone, he paid for hundreds of funerals. And that's like, that's the coolest thing people will make the argument about.


Like, Hey, charity, you gotta, you gotta talk about your charity. So then you get more charity Like Jim Rse probably touched so many people's lives and did so many things for so many people that we have no idea about because he did not want credit and he did not want people to be like, oh wow, Jim Rse is the best. Yeah. He just did it because he was a good guy And he was, he was loyal to his players. If you ask any of the players that, that played for him, I've seen so many of them say like, yeah, this is, this is a guy that loved football. He loved his football team And we appreciate that about him. They enjoy playing. He, he let Andrew Luck keep his money. Right. Yeah. When Andrew Luck decides to retire and he tried to pay him back, Jim Mercey was like, no, you, you keep all of it. That's for you buddy. Yep. You earned it. So I there's gonna be a a, a giant hole in NFL Fridays and Saturdays this season.


I don't know who's gonna announce if the roof is open, closed the window open closed. I love that. Yeah. I love, I loved him. Like he loved his football team. It doesn't, it doesn't seem like he meddled with his football team. Maybe sometimes to a fault. Yeah, I would say so. Probably to a fault with some of the hires that he has. But his extent of meddling with the team was, I just want to announce if the roof is open or closed. Yeah. Yeah. Which, which Is awesome. Yeah. So yeah. And he was, he was one of the more interesting guys in the NFL world. So RAPG Mercy also speaking of the NFL World Max. Congratulations. Tush, push stays, Tush, push stays.


Yeah. I'm, I'm happy about it. I guess I, I, there was a part of me that wanted it to be Banned. Banned So that you could be like, you guys are, are pussies. So We Yeah. So that I could call everyone pussies. Yep. And then you still Can do that. We would still just QB sneak and I wanted it to be the exact same number. Yeah. Jeffrey Lu, the owner of the Eagles, said, it is like a wet dream for a teenage boy to create a play that is so successful, successful. The only way for it to be stopped is if for to it to be banned. You can't ban wet dreams. No. That was a little weird Max. I he's absolutely right. Is It like a wet dream? So you, for a teenage, the teenage boy part was, yeah. I don't know why you had to include that.


And Do you think Jeffrey Lure Teenage, teenage boys are the ones who get wet dreams? Do you think Jeffrey Lure has, has come to the tush bush? He's not a teenage boy. That's True. Good boy. No, he is not a teenage boy. Yeah. When was the last time you had a wet dream? I don't know. They fucking, I The fact that you just stop having wet dreams sucks. They rock. Yeah. It's fucking, it's vr. It's better than vr vr. It's, dude, I I love that Jeff. You just like, this is sick. The reports were that the tush push was going to be banned. So then Jeff Lu was like, fuck it, I'm gonna go all in. I'm gonna, I'm gonna invite Jason Kelsey and I'm gonna stand up in front of this room of owners and talk to them about coming in my bedsheets.


Yeah. And then Jason Kelsey's gonna bring it home by getting up there and probably sweating and crying and it worked. Reading behind the scenes in this, it's actually very funny how the tush push proposal came to be because it's a Roger Goodell thing. Yeah. It's goodell and it has nothing to do with player safety despite what Hank thinks. It's just the fact that it's an ugly play. Yeah. According to Roger Goodell, he's like, it's kind of a gross play. So I'm gonna ask the Packers who don't have an Owner. Yeah. We we snuffed that out. We snuff that out. They were not like the Packers. They were like, oh yeah. They can't blame one of the Packers owners. They don't Have any. Yeah. So Roger Goodell wanted to change this rule because he thought it's a, it's an ugly what he doesn't understand. The tush push is an ugly play, but it's got a great personality.


Yeah. And he doesn't get that PFTG you kind of wish that the commanders had not voted to ban it. 'cause the bears voted to ban it. I kind of wish they hadn't. I did not know what the vote breakdown was. Not only Did the Bears vote to ban It. Yeah. Ben Johnson likes explosive plays. Ben Johnson just Went on. Hes explos explosive plays Such a fucking hards. What did he say? He said That the tush has never led to an explosive play. I like explosive Plays. First Downs are explosive plays. Yeah, That's true. Yeah. We, we were, I looked at it really quickly 'cause I was like, well, let's see. Yeah. We were, I think in this room we're the two teams that voted to ban it. Well, craft Change Mind. I think Craft is one of the ones that that switched up Left. I think, I think the Patriots switched up at the last minute because open Mind.


I think it's because like Kraft likes to stick it to Goodell sometimes. And Vrabel was probably like, Hey, we're gonna be pussies if we vote the Bands. No. Vrabel Wass a football guy. Well, also there's a chance that when Jeffrey Lu started talking about coming, Kraft was like, Oh yeah, yeah. I'm in. I hear you. What dreams, what dreams say less? Oh, You're speaking my language. Say, say less Amigo. Yeah. No, listen, max, if I could have had the vote for the Bears, I would've voted for it to not be banned. I've been consistent. I don't think it should be banned. Same, same. People should just get a to push. PFT has been playing this thing that it's like, I don't want, I Don't want banned. If I could pick, I would choose for it not to be banned.


But then he was like, but if it does get banned, that would, that would be Cool. Find me clipping me saying I want banned. I've been, I've, I've been the most consistent co person in the world Point for p ft. Yeah. Point. You point me out. You're you're in his division. You have to vote against it. Yeah. Whatever you want. Yeah, yeah. No, no. You have to ban it. I thought me gonna talk about, so no John Diana, Right? No. My Oh Yeah. Diana did report it was gonna get banned in the morning. Mm. Well I think some of the votes changed. That must Made you really happy That that's like a wet dream for me. Yeah. I Didn't even know that. By the way. Meme just kept telling me, he is like, are you gonna bring up Diana? You stalk her. You stalk her in the hopes that one of the things that you read from her might be kind of wrong. Yeah. The good news is this one was wrong. Yeah. This one was wrong.


The good news for all of this, I cannot wait till we get to do this all again next year. It's gonna be great. We're gonna do the whole Discussion. That was another thing. The only team that voted, that voted for it to stay that is on the eagle schedule this year is the Lions. Every other team that voted for it to stay is not on the Eagle schedule. Ah. Yeah. I mean, the best case that you can make for banning the tush push is so that we don't have to talk for another year about whether or not they're gonna the tush Push because it's coming, we're gonna do it again. Also, just respect to Dan Campbell. Yeah. Just that like everyone, it's like, oh yeah, only the teams that only the teams that don't play. And then it's like, no, Dan Campbell's like this is Football. Yeah. They're the, who's the owner?


Sheila Ford, I think I believe now. Yeah. Probably like had like, was like, Hey, how do we wanna vote on this Dan? And he was just like, we're not pussies. Yeah. That Probably happened. We're Not fucking pussies. That probably happened. He probably said it like, he's like, Ms. Ford, respectfully. We're not fucking pussies. It is, it is an ugly play. If you don't appreciate the beauty that you can find in gross stuff sometimes. Yeah, that's a fact. Which I can't, there's also more NFL News Brock Purdy. Yeah. Got paid. I feel like we missed that. He got paid. Yeah. Was that like last week? I think it was. It was a couple days ago. But the details are coming out now. Oh. And the only thing you can, like, you can look at the contract definitively. You can say he is the highest paid Brock of all time.


Yeah. Number one. Well, yeah. More than more than Lesner in Really? Yeah. In his career. I, I don't, the UFC didn't really pay fighters that much. But What about wwe and what about Pokemon? Oh, I didn't, I didn't think about, yeah, I didn't think about wwe. He's made a lot of money. I know. I don't know. I think maybe he hasn't. I think this might be the highest paid Brock of all time. This was like a week ago, by The way. Yeah, I know. It was so long ago. I forgot. Yeah, we totally missed it. I was like, what? Okay. Yeah. I mean, we should have brought it up at the time. You know what it was? I think it happened on a Friday night. I actually, I know it did. It happened on a Friday at 4:04 PM That's not on us. Definitively. Not on us. As old news.


Yep. Look at that. Friday got d we got the Friday news dump. And it also was at that Monday. Was that guy What, what guy? What Happened on that? It was the Hank episode. Oh, yeah. What happened on the Hank episode? Oh, right, right. Celtics embarra. So I guess what happened today was he, he gave, we'll say that the, he gave a press conference. What about his contract? People talk about the Tatu injury. It's like, yeah. If, you know, we had a healthy Tatum. We were down nine with three minutes left next to easily blowing that. Whatever. We're not talking about that. We're not talking about, we're not Talking about that. This is a, a meme, memes. You could do this one where it's just the Pacer's logo on that guy's head in in Walmart. You're not that guy. Pal Pacer.


I mean, the Pacers. That's the Pacer's thing. That's the Pacer's thing. Yeah. And we Did it at the Pacers last year. Whatever. We're not, it's the, we're we're, we moved on. Brock. Brock, Whatever. Perfect. Brock, do you know his name? I was about to say Lesser. Oh, okay. Talk a little puck. That was, that was brutal for the Oilers. Yeah. They gave up five goals in the third. It felt like the stars just like hung around, hung around, get power plays, then just Bury 'em. Yeah. And it's, it is a lot of fun watching Conor McDavid play. Yeah. That's what I got from that take. I also got from that, take respect to the stars, like fans and Crowd. That crowd was awesome. They were standing so much during that game and it just looked like an awesome, awesome time.


So that I, I think that's, that oil's gotta win Game game two. Yeah. Gotta win game two. Yeah. It's a must win. And then the Panthers are gonna win the cup. I put the Panthers in the thunder category. Panthers, they Just fucking worked the hurricanes again. I saw, I saw Biz say that, or no, I think it was Whitney said that the Panthers dominating like, this probably makes least fans feel a little bit better. Yeah. It makes Capital's fans feel a lot worse. Yeah. They're just, they're just punishing the hurricanes and it doesn't look competitive at all. Yeah. Like I, I think the, the Panthers have already played their toughest series. Yeah. It's good job beliefs.


You were very close Until the, until the finals. Maybe not. Maybe they're just that good. They might Be. Yeah. They, they are. They did have a, they had an injury tonight. I forget who got injured, but Aho dove into somebody's leg and looked like an MCL and, And Bob is locked in. Locked In. I just love goalie. Bob. That's your goalie. Bob. Bob. Bob, do we have anything else before we get to our great interview with Dwayne Wade? Oh, college football playoff changes their seating. I think we expected that. Right? Expected That makes sense. It was, it's funny because I think that that wouldn't have happened if it weren't for Boise.


Yeah. Boise kind of just did that on their own right away. So, because Boise, you know, the, the fact that there weren't four higher ranked power five programs last year and then Boise was like, oh, I guess we get the buy. Everyone was just like, this can't happen. Yep. They did just like it was gonna happen. Eventually. Boise just expedited the process of being like, Hey, we're we gotta buy. I, I think if it had been in the regular, the old format, but it had gone more true to like power schools getting the, the first round home playoff games. If that had happened for like four years and then Boise State in year five, they get the home playoff game, then everyone's like, fuck yeah.


This is awesome. Yeah. Right. What, what a bunch of chaos. I actually, is this gonna sound crazy? I get, Abby is always more important, but, and Arizona State was the other team. Abby is always more important, but like losing Ugh. Like a home playoff game that those did rock and they's probably like pretty big money maker for Fans. It's, it, it, yeah. I think it's better to have a home playoff Game. Should Just, especially if you play someone shitty, it's like you just beat up on someone at home. Yeah. Right. They should just do the second round at home as well. That'd be awesome. That'd be so sick. I think they have to deal with like the bull Tracks stuff. Yeah, they know they do. So that's gonna be, Yeah.


That's gonna be tough. Yeah. Okay. Do we have anything else? I think that was pretty much Everything scheduled for next week. So we got a show on Tuesday. Tuesday and Friday. So no show Monday. Yep. We do love you guys, but we're respecting the troops this weekend. Have to Respect the troops. Yep. Have to do it. So We are gonna be working on Monday. Yeah. We'll be here Monday night. Recording a show. Yeah. Recapping everything. Oh, I had one other thing. It was, shout out to SMU. They posted, I dunno if you guys saw this. They posted a bragging tweet about their team GPA being the highest ever been. Hell yeah. What do you guys think it was? This is a tweet. They said like, congratulations. SU Wait, SMU what?


Two three? I think it's football. Two, three. No, This is a congratulatory the highest semester. So this semester marks the highest full semester GPA in program history. Two four. I I think it's two five. It's actually you higher than that two. Nine five. I was gonna say, that's what I got in college. Yeah. Yeah. But I feel like you can't brag if you're not over three. No. You got to be like, this is The highest Ever. I think if you're smu you can A lot of players. Yeah, A lot of players. Lot of They killed our team. 'cause it was, we were so dumb. They, they were in the playoff last year, remember for like three minutes. I don't even know that game was over. So remember the SMU? Yes. Flight was, was It SMU Clemson?


Who did they No, no, it was Penn State. Penn State. Remember the, there was the famous, the like viral flight where they got delayed, like big time SMU donors and they didn't get there till halftime. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, why would you even just turn the fucking plate around? What are you looking at? Memes. Me and Memes are struggling to believe that PFD only got a two nine at JMU. It's a good school. I feel like you're re you're like, you're so smart. You're smart. Yeah. I didn't really do much. College is a, it's not like a test of intelligence. It's just whether you like went to the class or not. Yeah. And I Yeah, that's true. That's true. I didn't really like going to class that much. That's fair. I went, I had two classes that I liked to go to and that's pretty much it. One of which I got a D plus in and I was pumped about that.


That is sick. Not a, not a great, not a great college student Respect. Yeah. Yeah. Hank Outta a two three in high school. Fuck you. Nice. Good work. Get into smu. I feel like s music's a pretty hard school to get into. Well, yeah, if you're, it's less about your test scores and more about your credit scores. Ah, yeah. One of those. One of those. Okay. Let's get to our interview with Dwayne Wade and then Fire Fest. We have our guy oldie back in studio.


Okay. Before we get to our interview with Dwayne Wade, we are brought to you by our friends. It truly, truly unruly Lemonade combines the high alk, fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite. A lemonade. Lemonade let loose 8% A BV 100% delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors. Bump and blue Raz OG Original Lemonade punched up pineapple, wild pink. They're all there. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly. Find it a store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com today. We love truly we're gonna get unruly this summer. It's golf season, it's barbecue season, it's beach season, it's backyard season. It's truly seasoned. So let's get unruly this summer with lemonade. Let loose 8% A BV. 100% delicious. My personal favorite is the wild pink. So go right now. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly. Find it a store near you or visit truly hard seltzer.com.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Shady Rays. Get ready for your next adventure with shades that are built to last. Our friends at Shady Rays have you covered with premium polarized shades that won't break the bank. Shady Rays is a proudly independent sunglasses company offering top tier quality that rivals even the most expensive brands. They're durable frames and crystal clear optics are perfect for every outdoor moment. And with a wide selection of styles and colors, you're guaranteed to find your perfect pair. But here's the best part, if your shades go MIA or take a hit, don't sweat it. They've got lost and broken protection. So you're covered from day one. Not sure if shade raise is the right fit for you. No worries if you don't love them. You can exchange or return them for free within 30 days. Shopping with Shady Rays is truly risk free and their team always has your back with personal and fast support. Upgrade your eyewear game today and see why Shady Rays is the go-to choice for every moment under the sun exclusively. For our listeners, shady Rays is giving out their best deal for the season. Head to shady rays.com. Use code PMT for 35% off polarized sunglasses. Try for yourself the shades. Rated five stars by over 300,000 people. It is Shady Rays. And go right now. Use code PMT for 35% off polarized sunglasses.


Okay, here he is, Dwayne Wade. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very, very special guest in studio. It is Basketball Hall of Famer three time NBA Champion Dwayne Wade in studio. I think you might be one of the most accomplished people that's ever sat on that couch. So I just wanna say that start. Thank you for coming in. Yeah. We also have the Larry O'Brien trophy sitting in between us. Yeah. Yeah. When You see this trophy, do you, do you feel like maybe I, you got another year left, like, hey, I, I, I want another one of those. Maybe join a playoff team late. Well, First of all, thanks for the four varies. Yes. The VV V might VI IP might.


I appreciate that. No, I have my own. You know what I mean? It's like seeing someone else's kid and thinking, you need another kid. I don't need, I have my own. Got three of 'em. I got three of 'em. So you see all the work that goes into that? Yeah. Yeah. Raising one of these. Yeah. I raised, I raised three of them already. Wait, do you have a favorite kid trophy I'm talking about? Yeah, I do. Which One? My born. Okay. 2006. Okay. All right. Yeah. That's my favorite one. Yeah, that was a good one. That was a real Good one. The ref, the refs really got involved in That series. I mean, that's what they supposed to do. You protect the product baby. Protect the product. When you, when you won that first one, I mean, that was early in your career. Did you, I'm always curious with this, like, did you feel a little bit of relief being like, alright, I, you know, 'cause there's guys who go their whole career and they're chasing, chasing, chasing.


Not that it, not that you relax a little, but you're like, I know I can do it and I'll get another one. But it might take a little time time, but at least I got that one. 1000%. Yeah. Oh, I was, I was probably annoying as hell to my friends. I, I, right after the championship in oh six, LeBron had a bikeathon in Cleveland and I was there. You don't go to the Cleveland for a bikeathon after you win a championship, you go somewhere else. I was like, nah, I wanna show up. I want my, and I knew Melo was gonna be there. I knew my guy was gonna be there. I wanted them let, I wanted them to see that I was a champion. Yeah. And they didn't have a championship yet. Like we were, you know, we were obviously all young. But yeah. Getting that first one out the way I was 24 years old, you know, I was, I came in, you know, a little bit unherald compared to the class that I was in.


And to be able to get that chip, that chip very early. Yeah. I was like, okay, all right. Now I got that out the way. Now I can focus on like my individual self a little bit. Yeah. Now I can get a little selfish. Yeah. Go out to some awards. Yeah. And, but then after a couple years I was like, okay, this sucks. You need another one. Yeah. Because now I've, I've actually felt what it feels like to, to host that trophy over my head. And so now it actually made it worse for my whole career. 'cause now I'm chasing that. Right. That feeling. 'cause nothing else feels like that no matter what I do. Yeah. You see other guys doing it, you're like, you get jealous, so jealous. Like, you're not doing it right. No, I need to do that again. In that postseason it felt like it was, it, it was just like a team of destiny. When that shot went in where you were just falling through the air, threw it over the back of your head and went in.


At that point I was like, okay, he's gonna win a championship. Really? Yeah, of course. I I mean, I wish you coulda got in touch with me and let me know that shot Doesn't, that shot doesn't go in for somebody that's not gonna end up winning. Yeah. Did you, have you ever practiced that shot or were you just like, I'm just gonna throw it up? No. No. So I practice dumb shots all the time. Like, I'm a firm believer in like, the moments where you're just in, in the gym by yourself is like really, really use your imagination. Like, this is the time to just do all the dumb stuff because you never know when you're gonna need it. And so I personally used to under, like, I would fall a lot and so I would go in the gym and just like, I'll find, you know, angles on the backboard. You might hear this in like, Kyrie and guys who are very good at it. I always would like, yo, if I'm getting a in, in a point where I'm like in trouble, I need to be able to find a crack on a backboard that gives it an opportunity.


And so I always used to play with going to gym and just play with shots. And so when I have those moments and I've fallen, I just look at that little spot on the backboard, like, oh, that's familiar. Yeah. Lemme put it there. Yeah. Yeah. And it works out sometime. Was that the year that Shaq gave you the nickname Flash? Yeah. Yeah. Wait, I think he gave it to me in oh five. Okay. The first year we, we put, we wanted my, our second year together. Right. Oh five. He gave it to me and it was cool because you know, you need, at that time if you didn't have a nickname Yeah. You wasn't, you was not cool. Yeah. Like everybody had a nickname who was like a really good player and I didn't have one. Like, Dwayne Wade was not cool enough. Well, D Wade is cool. Well, I worked hard to make D Wade like one name. Yeah. Like, it was like, you had to have one name like Magic.


Yeah. Shaq. Yeah. Kobe, Michael or mj, whatever you needed one name. So D Wade became my one name, but I also needed that alter ego. Yeah. Right. And Shaq kind of helped develop Superman and Flash. So Kind Of all ego. So when he gave that to you though, was he, were you like, Hey, wait a second, you're a Superman. Can, can I be Superman? No, absolutely not. Okay. You see how hugs that dude, I know he is. But like, you know, there's always the debate like, who's, who's taking last shot? Who's Batman, who's Robing? You're like, I'll be Flash. I'm fine with that. Well, we didn't have that problem. N not at all. No. Well, I mean, yeah, you're taking the last shot. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You didn't have that problem. Yeah. Other people might have had that problem. Shaq already had, like when he, once I got the, the easier part of Shaq, like he already had went through, he was the biggest, one of the biggest stars in the world.


He had three championships. Like he was so accomplished and secure. Yeah. By the time he got to Miami and all he wanted to do was win him another ring. And so he knew that I was one of the ones that can help him get to that. And so he was amazing with me, man. Yeah. Like he really pumped a lot of juice into me, was telling me things that I didn't even know it was true. Like, he told me like I was gonna be one of the greatest two guards that ever played a game. And I'm sitting here looking at him like, okay, if you think so then you know, I know you play with with Penny, I know you've played with Kobe. And so if you say that, then I believe it. Right. Yeah. So Shaq was incredible with me, man. Yeah. So where would you rank the nicknames between Flash D Wade and then Way of Wade? Remember Wave Wade.


Well, It's still popping. Is it still popping? Yeah. We still got Wave of Wade. Wave Wade, where is it Popping? Listen, I got on, I got on Wave Wave shoes right now. I remember when you said, Hey, hey guys, this is my new nickname. Just a heads up it's Wave Wade. It was wild. Yeah. Please call me Wave Wade from now on. It was Brandy. It was Brandy. Yeah. Wave Wade is my brand and, and and leaning. I have a, I have my own brand called We Wade. Actually I'm wearing D'Angelo Russell shoes. We just, we just launched these and so we Wade is still a thing. Okay. I love it. Yeah, I Love it. I was trying to make wild a thing though. I was trying to have people call me wild, which is you way of way. WOW Wow is a good name. Yeah. Yeah. So I Was try. Yeah. So when, when Shaq comes over and he starts playing Miami, I I know that Pat Riley and the Heat are famous for some of their conditioning rules.


Yeah. Yeah. Was there, was that an adjustment period for him where it's like, Hey, oh man, we're gonna weigh you in. We're gonna take body fat measurements all the time. Oh Man, Shaq, I think, you know, Shaq tells a lot of stories now. So it's, it is really cool to be able to get behind the scenes, but watching him trying to get around those, like, he'll put baby oil on his whole body. Right. He come in just oiled up. I don't even know why that is. This is the wrong temperature in the world to use baby oil, But No, that's fine. So you got oiled up. Yeah, Shaq would come in so you could not like grab the fat, like it was too slim. Right. So you couldn't like, just grab it. All right. So like the pinchers, the skin calipers. Yeah. You'll see guys in like, like Antoine walk and the guys would be in the st Now I'm young so I didn't have these issues at that time. I didn't know, I didn't understand it.


But now once I got older I did. But you see the veteran guys finding all these ways around the, the waiting body fat guys would be in the steam room right. Before they gotta do the weight, body fat doing all these things. But yeah, I I've saw guys get suspended for games because they did not make weight and body fat. Like Pat didn't play those games at all. That's Crazy. Yeah. So even you, when you were unquestionably the face of the franchise, you'd have to do that every single day. It was, it wasn't every day. It was like once a week. It was once a week you would come in, you had to get weight and body fat. So if you build a good relationship with Bill Farran, who was our strength and conditioning coach, you'd be like, yo, bill, get me on Wednesday. Yeah. Let me Let, let me get myself type for a couple days. But it was, it was something serious.


And I think, you know, pat just have these pillars, you know, that the organization, you know, lives by and you guys probably have heard it best condition, most professional, hardest work, all these things. And this is a part of it. And he felt that if you were at a certaining body fat, he had it for guards, you know, and, and in forwards and sinners that you were in great shape. And if you in great shape, then you can gimme your best on the court. Right. And I, you know, I don't think I believed it early on until it was times where I was not at that body fat space and I wasn't in great shape. And you feel it in moments on the court, you feel it in no moments. You can't make that extra effort. Fourth cordio a little bit, you know, you're a little bit more tired.


And so it was a method to the madness. But I think as players you're like, nah, just gimme me the ball. I can hoop. I'm a hooper. Just let me play. Yeah. We have that here at Barcel too. They weigh us in body fat. Yeah. If we're in too good of shape, they don't let us podcast. You gotta be fat. Yeah. You yeah. You're too chisels. Alright, so, and the story you told maybe a couple months ago, which we laughed about. We thought it was incredible, the LeBron and the cookies. So do you really think that it was the cookies that was the I Final? It was the cookies that was the final straw. That's what we took from it. And everybody took that Steal another man's cookies. And for the record We're on LeBron's side. Oh yeah. You touched someone's cookies. That's, that's fighting. I just said that was the first time that I was like, Houston, we have a Problem.


Okay. So, so the story goes, LeBron brings cookies with him every ing every single time he gets on the plane. Well, sometimes, but the, the, the plane will have cookies as well. Okay. So, so he is double cookies. Well, sometime he brings it, but this is on, this is after a game. Okay. This is on the road. After a game, they make the cookies. Got it. Like, you can bring it when you, when you're at home and you're about to go on the road, but when you're on a plane out the, you know, on the road trip they make the cookies on a plane. And so, you know, you kind of, you have to have your comforts when you, this is a long season. And so we all have our vices, we all have the things that makes, you know, that makes us feel comfortable. Especially when you're not at home with your comfort. You gotta have those things. Well, cookies, I'm one of those guys I love me some warm chocolate chip cookies. And that was one of LeBron vices as well.


And so I told the story about the moment we were, you know, we all would get in front of a plane And we all would play cards, you know, cam gambling and playing cards, Bre and poker and all these things is, is a big part of like, comradery on the plane when you're flying. And that was one of the moments when they didn't, when they, when they said someone took the cookies off the plane, I got a lot of text messages from that, by the way. A lot of people was hitting me, telling me their version of the story. And I'm like, I was actually there. Yeah. This is my version. I just saw it in Brian. Like, he became like a, a a 5-year-old kid when them cookies wasn't on that plane, he got real quiet, pushed them cards away. And I was like, oh, this is, that's not good. Yeah.


Yeah. Dis you know, it's the nitpicking. Yeah. Right. It's the nitpicking of thing. Like we were, we were one of the greatest teams And we went to four finals in a row. Don't take my cookies away From me. Right, Right. I need something. Right. And, and what it was, it confirmed it was Pat Riley that took the cookies away. Well, listen Pat Rowdy, it's Pat Riley's show. Right. I don't care who took the cookies. It's the, It had to come, the cookies don't get touched. If Pat Riley doesn't say Anything, in my eyes, everything come from Pat. Right. It doesn't matter. Pat is the, he's the be he's the beginning and the end. Right. Right. And so you got Damn right, it comes from the beginning and the end. Yeah. In my eyes. And so that was the, that was just the first moment that wasn't they, LeBron didn't leave the heat because he didn't get warm chocolate chip cookies.


But it's the, it's the things that, you know, when it comes to the nitpicking, you know, and, and I like the while when you are around each other for so long and you know, you've accomplished the things you came to accomplish and you're around each other for so long, everything is not as funny as you used to be. Everyone is not as cool as they once was. And so once you start having these little things that start adding up and it start building up, you start seeing it on a player, it start seeing it wear on them. And I just saw, I just saw him and I was like, oh boy. Yeah. Was there a moment though after that where you're like, all right, I think he's definitely leaving. Like, could you feel it? Not really. It ain't like he wore it on the sleeve. Yeah. You know, LeBron keeps them, them cars close to his chest. I didn't, I didn't really feel that my guy was leaving until we were in Vegas.


You know, before he left. We had, we had went to Vegas. He held, hosted his Nike camp, you know, big camp. We all went to Vegas together, go hang out and you know, be guys. And I could tell that he had a lot on his mind and there was some things he wanted to say that he was not saying, but I just waited for him to tell me, you know, I wasn't gonna go to my bro, you out. Yeah. I could tell that I'm, I'm sure it was a hard decision for him and I'm sure it was hard to tell, you know, me and other guys. And so I just waited, you know, I waited for him to have that conversation, you know, with me. You know. But ultimately we'd had to have the conversation just like we did to team up. Yeah. We had the conversation. Yeah. So on the other side, the, the team up, how, when did you know that was gonna happen? Because there were certain teams I, you know, I I'm Bulls fan.


I was like, oh, I think they might come to the Bulls. I think the Knicks felt the same way. Was it always the heat? Was it you were just leading everyone else on? I, I, well I think the one thing is, is Chris Bosh was Chris Bosh was in Toronto. Right. And so once Chris Bsch got a chance to come out here and get, you know, everybody was like throwing flowers at his feet. He wavered a couple times on, like, we didn't know if he was gonna be a part of, you know, the opportunity for us to play together. Right. And I think the Heat did a great job of keeping, once again, their cars close to their chest. Because we knew going into that summer that each team that was in position can get two star players. That everyone wanted two star players. And then the heat came outta nowhere and was like, Hey, we can get three.


And so I think it changed something for us. We all had a conversation about it And we know we realized we would like to play together, but at the same time, but go off and do what you need to do. Go have these interviews with these teams and if something changes then let's come back to the table. So it wasn't a hundred percent, but it was a conversation that we had going into a free agency. Like, Hey, we will all love to play together, you know, and this and that. And then, but also too, you gotta go off and you gotta see what's what's best for you. But ultimately we would love to play together. Right. And it was times where like, you know, we, me and Brian get on the phone. Like, I think Chris, I don't know if Chris going, I don't know if he going Nick the Nick's telling him everything. The Bull's telling him everything he want to hear. Right. I don't know if he going, if he's gonna play in Miami. And also too with LeBron too, I didn't know because I'm not in his meetings.


Right. And with me, I, when I came to Chicago and I, I got a chance to go in there and grab that, that Chicago bull jersey. I was back at home in the mirror, like, and now, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like I went back to that kid from Chicago. So I think it was a moment where all of us was like, we probably wavered in our thought of like, man, this looks good for me. Even though we had the conversation about playing together and that was, and that, and people think it was like two years before it was not. Yeah. It was like three years before. Yeah. It, it was not. It, it, we, we, we don't give us that much credit. How, how long for real was it like, It was free agency time, But before free agency there was at least a little wink and a nod. Like, Hey, it'd be cool to play together. Nope. Was there a third option if Chris Bosch didn't come to Miami that you guys had talked to or explored?


Well, I mean, people, once people started getting a little, little inside that we were thinking about playing together, you know, we got a couple calls. So we would get calls from Amari. Amari was a free agent. Yeah. Boozer was a free agent. And so we had to look and see if those personalities and those talents, if it obviously worked with us. Right. Because I think it was a Brown and I were both committed to plan together once we committed to plan together. And it was really important who that third person was. And we knew all along that if we were gonna do this, that Chris Bosch was the choice. The choice. But Yeah, he was, it wasn't it, he wasn't like a another, it was another option from the standpoint of this is our first option just because of our talents already together was it was, it was hard vision how we're both gonna be successful at the same time because we're both ball dominant guys.


Right. And you need somebody else to kind of like relieve that. And Chris Boss was the reliever in that for us more than like Amari or more than even Boozer at that time. I would've love to hear Boozers pitch. Was he like, it's okay, I I got this, don't worry, I'm not gonna take any shots. I don't know. Brian talked to Boozer. He had already played together in Cleveland. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And I talked to Amari because me, you know, me and Amari were, you know, we, we had a cool relationship. So I actually was trying to get Amari there the year before. I was trying to get Amari to the heat before, and I didn't think this was the what, 2009 All Star weekend. I was trying to get us tre for Amari. I'm like, listen, let's do it now. Right. And the heat was like, nah, we trying to be patient.


And so I'm like, all right, well patient gonna get me out the door. Right. You know, I mean, type thing. And you know, and so it, it didn't work, but like, you know, Amari Brown and I, it would've been dominant, but at the same time it would've, it is a total different game than Chris Bosch. Yeah. Yeah. Can you tell me about how the Banana boat crew came together? Mm. Yeah, we talked to Car Carmel about this, by the way. He's, I think he's miffed that he wasn't on the banana boat. Well No, he was, he insisted that he was invited. Yeah. Because we were trying to, we were telling him when he came on the show, we're like, dude, you didn't get invited. He's like, I was invited. I just didn't really want to Do it. He said he, he was, he was too cool for it. He was not involved in the banana boat. But tell me about how that came to be. You know, the crazy thing about life is it is a photo with the banana boat and, and Carmelo Anthony is not on the photo.


Right. And people can look at the photo and still don't care and still say that we all are the banana. Like, I don't know how that name came about with all of us Banana boat. 'cause we all was not on the banana boats. My wife was on a banana boat with us. Yeah. And so we were actually all on vacation. We all always going on vacation together. We would take va you know, we, we got together And we was like, Hey man, we wanna start taking these, these little yacht trips together. We was put all our monies together. We would take our, our wives, significant others, And we would go on vacations together. And so Melo wasn't there yet. They were actually on their way. Like li literally like headed to us. And we were just, you know, having, getting in the water, having fun. And my wife wanted to go on a banana bowl. And so Chris, Paul, Brian, I, we all got on the Banana Bowl.


Now we are in the middle of nowhere. No one's supposed to know this but us. And someone took a photo from who God knows where. I'm so happy they did. It's a great photo. It a good, I'd be so mad if we never got documentation. Oh. One supposed to have seen us on that banana bowl, first of all. Like if I have knew they would say we'd have looked a little cooler. No, It, I think it's one of the best pictures of all time. Yeah. You look at that and I honestly, when I look at it, I think like Carmela should be there. Yeah. So what, why wait for, why would you have been invited? Would he have been invited? No, he was on his way. He just, yeah. But if he had been there, Would he have got on the banana boat? Would he have been on the banana boat? I don't know if all four of, I don't know. I don't, I can't say. Seems Like a little mean girl thing. Not letting Carmelo on the banana boat. You guys didn't wait for him. I would've waited for my, my guy. I don't know if all of us would, if, I don't know if Melo would've got on the banana boat.


I don't think Melo would've Melo too. Cool. Well, one's gotta go. You gotta kick somebody off the banana boat if you want To get right. I'm kicking my wife off the banana boat. That's right. That's a smart move. Smart man. Yep. Very smart. You can't kick bra Chris. Paul, you can't kick bra Off. So I don't think we would get a, I don't think it would've been a banana boat. I Think Chris Paul over the Edge button. Wait, so if you could, if you could go back and delete one, sorry. Ccp. If you could delete one thing from the internet, would it be the banana boat or would it be the introductory press conference for the heat? Where? Which one? The nut one. But two, but three before you guys Short that. I don't care about that. Well, it was kind of funny. Yeah. But it's just jokes. Yeah. Well, no, you guys were serious. No it wasn't. No. You guys, it was one person who said, now I only, it was everybody once said that it was one person who said not three, not four another.


What was going through your head when he said not three, not four? Were you like tripping? Were you like I was like, slow down, Please stop at point. Were you like, oh shit, this is too many. Well, first of all, that was one of the things that you, it is supposed to be internal. That's an internal conversation. It was a packed, it was a packed audience. Yeah. But it wasn't supposed to go out to, that's one of those moments that you're not supposed to go out to everybody what you say in the house, stay in the house supposed, you know, that's would've been just for us. Now, if we go back, run a clip, look at me when he's saying it, I put my head down like woo wee. Because I had won a championship before. I knew how hard it was to, to obviously win the championship. So it's no way. Like yes, we thought we were gonna be a problem. Yes. We thought we was about to run the table, but we also knew the league is very, very good. And it's not this damn, it is not that damn easy.


So when he was doing the nine one, not too, we, we we in the moment right. We're killing ourselves. And it became something that people, you know, took and made it like factuals. Yeah. Like we signed a contract and said we're gonna win seven championships. Oh yeah. We all, I mean, everyone made fun of It. Yeah. But it's cool. It's jokes. It ain't not a jokes because If you, if he had said instead like, Hey, we might win a championship, then you win two, everyone's like, holy shit. They, they did even better. But when you say you're gonna win seven and then you only win Two. Well, I mean the senatorial spurs is out there first. I mean, I don't, I don't think you can't just run through this league. I don't care who you are. Yeah. You going to earn it. And so, you know, it, it's teams out there that would, could compete versus us no matter what team we put together. And also too, when you put three guys like that together, it's very hard to build a, a roster, a full roster.


You know, we had to get guys to take so many pay cuts to be able to be on the team. And so, you know, we, we, you don't think about all that. You're just, you're in the moment. You're thinking about this dynamic. Who's gonna stop this dynamic? We, amongst our fans, we feeling ourselves. And then Brian got a little loose on the, on the mic and just he start counting a little extra. Yeah. You know what I mean? And so once he started going out, I was like, oh, okay. Well well you the young boy, I guess if you said that, we rolling with you. 'cause you the one going to, it's about seven. I'm gonna be a little old. Yeah. Right, right. Because it ain't gonna be seven in a row. We Are, I I'm watching the video right now. You do put your head down and you're like, please stop. Yeah. I put my head down. I'm like, oh, he don't, he don't Know. And then the camera pan to Pat Riley on in the audience, he's like, Jesus Christ.


What, what, what is he saying to, we were talking to Mike Miller the other week and he said that he felt a lot of pressure because of that really the, the role players because they knew if you don't win, it's, it's not the big three that are gonna be in trouble, that are gonna be gone, but it's everybody around them. Right. If the role players don't do their job and step up. So it was that. And then he was also a little bit upset. He he never got invited to Boray. Yeah. Like Mike, man, Mike ain't spend none of that money. No. He he did Say didn't play Mike spent none of that money since he got to the NBA. No, But he, he did say he was like the, the pressure of like, he's like, I was a really good player and then I come to the heat and it's like, I have six shots a game and I have to make three or four of them. Yeah, for sure. Like that kind of pressure.


Did you feel that for your, the role players where it's like, hey, these guys, even though they don't, aren't asked to do as much what they're asked to do, do. Oh yeah. They have to be perfect when they're asked to do it. Listen, we don't, you don't. LeBron d Wade and Chris Bosh don't get together in their prime to not have pressure. Right. This is, hey, this is what we here folk. Everybody, if you not, if you ain't signing up for this, then don't sign up here at this point. Once you're just playing in the NBA and you're playing games and you're going home first round or regular season, you, I wanna feel something. I want, I want something, I wanna be a part of something that's just really bigger than me. And this, that's what we signed up for. And so if you signed up to play with the Miami Heat, you signed up for pressure. Yeah. That's, that's where you feel alive. I want, we want it to feel alive.


And so we welcomed the pressure. Right. You wanna see how you respond and how you, how you can, you succeed in the middle of, in the midst of this pressure. And so I loved it. You know, I, I didn't mind, and if somebody didn't, if some, you can see the ones who were weed themselves out when it came to the pressure moments. But Mike was man, Mike was a gamer. Mike didn't have no, no thumbs. Mike didn't have no toes. Like Mike was the, he was injured all the time when he played with us. I felt bad for him, man, because Mike can play. That was one of the guys that we, that Brian really wanted on the team. Like Brian wanted Mike, I, I want a ud. These are the guys who was like, Hey, this don't work without this guy and that guy. Yeah. And so we made sure and they also made sure by taking the pay cuts that, that they were there.


Yeah. Speaking of ud, he seems like the the best locker room guy ever. Yeah. The guy like a, a nice veteran presence to have around he's How long did he play for? Till he was 42 years old. We played 20, yeah. I think he played 20 years with the heat. I think he was 42 years old when he retired from the game. Yeah. And he was on the, he was on the heat for a long time. Not really playing that much, but just being a presence of the locker room. What was he, what was his role in the locker room on some of those teams? Well, He is the culture carrier. You know what I mean? He's the voice. And when you d say something, you, everybody listen, I don't care what stature, what, okay. If you yards in 30, 40 points the game when you d stand up and say something, you gonna listen. And also too, he, he ran Miami, so, you know. Oh yeah. You couldn't Yeah. You couldn't go nowhere without, without people tapping on your shoulder.


And you know, it's ud Yeah. UD got eyes on you. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But he, it is just certain people that just have your respect and it ain't about, it ain't about what they accomplish in this. It's about what, what they do every day. He's an everyday guy and you respect the guy that come and give everything. They have to get every ounce out of their ability every day. And, and you know, and don't bitch and moan about it. Just go about his business. Put his hard head on. And so he's the guy And we all respect him, man. Brian, respect him just as much as I did. Pat Riley respected him just as much as anybody. And so, you know, on the outside when people say you know anything about ud, you know, on the inside you understand that he's one of the most important voices to Miami Heat has ever had in the organization.


Yeah. Yeah. And if I ever become a coach, which I won't be, he'd be on my staff. Yeah. Go get him. You, you, you Never want to coach. I mean, do you see these contracts? I don't know. Listen, never know. Yeah. I mean, the red show you go podcasting to, to being a coach. We could be coaches. I mean, hey, that's All it takes. I mean, you got a good podcast If you think so. The thing is getting fired as a coach is actually kind of sweet. Fire Me. Yeah. Yeah. Gimme that five years then, then let me go after two. Lemme hang Out, get Paid not to work. That's what we all work towards. Find my work towards getting fired. Yeah. Then I'll just go be like an offensive analyst for one of my friends. No, it's a miserable job though. You think so? Oh, Be if you care. When did you, when did you know, speaking of coaches, when did you know SPO was special?


Because I think that was a interesting dynamic of you guys having that team. And like Spra is a younger coach and there was definitely the murmur of like, is Pat Riley gonna do it again? Is he gonna come back down? Yeah. No, we didn't want that. Yeah. But it was there a moment where you're like, okay, IIII feel like he's got this, I know he's got this. I mean I, you know, I was, I was, I was a star player when sp got his first head coaching job. And so, you know, I was there along the, the bumps in the, in the bruises of a first time coach, right. About time Brown and them came to Miami. I think he was about two, three years on the job. You saw the, you saw the big improvement, you know, as a coach.


And like, you know what, he, he was very, he had his strengths right away. And his strengths was you're gonna be prepared. Right. He's, his preparation is in incredible, his work ethic is off the chart, but there's a lot of other things that goes into coaching besides that. And then by the time Brian them came, he was a little bit better at it. And then, you know, after we lost in that finals, he went on to start reinventing himself. You know, sport is one of those guys that will go into football locker rooms and other sports to see some of the other great coaches, what they're doing, how they're involving. And he start, you start seeing his involve. He, he started evolving every year as a coach. And I mean obviously he's one of the greatest now, but when he first got the job, I was like, what, what are we doing?


Yeah. Who was the like, and, and I had a great relationship with spo. He was the guy who helped, helped me with my game early on. He was my workout guy, you know, he was in the video room and he had come up and helped me work out out the practice. So we had a great relationship. But then he got handed the head coaching job and I'm like, wait, wait, what we doing? Right. And then, you know, but to see his work ethics, to see the, the staff that was put around him, shout out to David Fitz, Keith Ton, like these tough guys, Ronnie rte. Like they put a good, good staff around him and allow him to grow, make mistakes. You have to have that. You cannot bring a young coach in and fire him within the first three years. You have to give them space and time to learn how to be a coach in, especially in the professional league.


And SoPo has that, and he had that with Pat. And so he wasn't going anywhere. Pat let everybody know that you'll get outta here before he leaves. Well now he got time to become a great coach. Yeah. Because he, he has the comfort, he is comfortable sitting in this seat, but he works his tail off. Nobody works harder than supposed. Yeah. I'm interested to know about the, that that he team in the first couple years because it, it really is fascinating that you've got all these superstars, superstars that have been the man in their own Right. Everywhere they've played. It's been, you are the best player on this team. You are the key to this franchise. Yeah. You get together. And I think in theory you guys are like, yeah, we know that it's gonna take sacrifice. We know what it's gonna be like to maybe take a, a backseat in certain points of the game or whatever.


But then once reality hits, you start playing the games. Yeah. That becomes a different story where you're now figuring out how to be a team on the fly. Like, what was that like feeling each other out for like, okay, here's how it's gonna work in this situation. Here's where I take a step back, here's where I'm the man that's gonna take the last shot. Were there, what was that like, especially in that first season as you guys were all kind of figuring out what's going on? Yeah. I mean it was, it was, it was so tough. I it is so easy to say words. I think we all know that it's easy to say something, you know, I'm all in coach. Okay, what does yeah. All in mean? Right. Are you really all in because you, do you understand what it's gonna take? I think when I look at that first year, I, we think about we all coming from competing versus each other to be the very best in this game.


We were still competing versus each other, even though we were teammates. Not in a bad way. Just like, all right Brian, you done score six straight, now I'm about To score six straight. All right d you done did that Chris box, like let me get in the mix. So we were still, we still had that competitiveness amongst each other trying to learn how to play together and be teammates. Right. And then after we lost in the finals, that's humbling. We all was very, we all got some humble pie very quickly. And we realized that this was gonna work. Then we had to do this a little different. And so you saw in that second year, you saw us come back a total different team with a total different mindset that we actually started believing the stuff that we were set, that we said we was gonna do. But it, it takes time. Yeah. This doesn't just happen when you snap your fingers and say, I want it to happen.


It took a little time for, it took us one year to, to lose and to get humbled in front of the world and, and everybody to be, if it was podcast out of the time, we would've been the number one topic. Oh, I Would've said some very mean stuff. Oh yeah. It was a very nasty thing said about us at that time. But outside of that man, we had a goal. We sacrificed a lot to be able to play together. And so we had to accomplish that. It was no other, it was no other answer. We had to accomplish this goal and our goal was to win, not just to get there. And so we came back in year two And we started actually believing the things that we said, the motto that we would say, the things that we would say to the media, the things we would say to each other. We started believing it because you start seeing sacrifice among guy, amongst guys.


We wasn't sacrificing at first, we were hooping And we were very good at it. But it takes sacrifice to especially have that much talent and to be able to have all that work together. Right. You gotta give up shots, you gotta give up your body, you gotta give up minutes, you gotta do all these things that you don't want to do. And it's easy to say it and it's harder to do. And so we had to allow coach to coach us a little bit. Right? We had to allow ourselves to, like Brian had to allow me to coach him. I had to allow him to coach me. It was a lot that we had to learn about each other from that first year to that second year. But ultimately we needed to win. And we wanted to win And we were going to figure it out. And so we did. Is there, is there one play or one game in particular that shows the, the evolution? Like year two, this is how, this is when we knew we had it figured out.


I mean, right away. Yeah. Go to the first game. We figured it out. Like coming back, we had a think about it, it was an, we had a long off season. Think about losing the championship and then having a, we had a NBA lockout. Yeah, that sucked because all you wanna do is get right back to it. But we had a long off season to think about this and so first game was in Christmas day in Dallas. We came, I think we won by like 40 on that. On that day. We came in with the mentality right away in training camp. The first year in training camp, we were still, we were still against each other. Right. We still was trying to show that we all, we all, some bad boys. We came back in that second year And we was trying to become a team. We was trying to show that we could play together and, you know, I think we all felt it right away.


And, you know, give credit to LeBron, you know, LeBron came back a different player than he was. I mean, what, what we started seeing LeBron in those next couple years was the greatest, one of the greatest runs we've ever seen when it comes to, you know, professional athlete. And so he came back even better, better player that put all of us in our roles and our positions. Yeah. A little bit. Yeah. Speaking of LeBron, let's just say sometimes he looks like he's injured. Maybe I'm not gonna say flopping. Was there ever a time where you're like, oh shit, he's actually injured and then he pops up and he's fine? Nah, Ain't, we didn't, we didn't deal with none of that Miami. He, okay, so you, he's spraying his angry tie shoes up we go. Okay. But there was never a time you're like, oh no, this actually might be the, the end here.


He might actually be hurt. Not in Miami. Okay. No, but what about when you're in Cleveland? Not in Miami. Okay. Okay. Not in Miami. That's a good answer. Not in Miami. I'm focused on the years. We, not in Miami Cleveland. I was a shell of myself. That don't even count. Yeah. By the way, you, you still, even though you weren't, you know, prime d Wade, you still are the best D wade in Cleveland Cavalier's history. 'cause I think I looked it up and Dean Wade had like five points per game. You average 11 points per game. So for the Cavs, and listen, Every time I, so that's pretty good. Every time I watch a Cav game and I hit 'em, say D Wade, it, it's, it's crazy to me Way It's a little flashback. Yeah, It, no, it's crazy. I laugh every time that it's another D Wade and he's so different from my, from me.


Yes. Yes. Very Different. Yeah. Different complexion for sure. Yeah. Yes. But I think it's kind of cool too, when I watch him, I'm like, it's still a D Wade in the, in the game. Yeah. Yes. As a Bulls fan, as a lifelong Michael Jordan fan, you've said on the record many times, Michael Jordan's your goat. He's the best. Did you have to lie to LeBron about that? When he was in Miami? We were like, I don't know. I guess we'll find out. You're still playing. No, we Didn't have those conversations. You guys Don't sit Around. We was talking about him being the goat in and seven, eight years into, into the league. Like, I mean, you know what he's arguably he's put together a career that, that will make us, that would make sports conversations talk forever about who's the goat. That's what he's, it is not many people that can have that conversation to say that you will argue about who's the goat forever.


I can't have that conversation. And so I've, what I did is I didn't get a chance to see Michael Jordan play. I was inspired by Michael Jordan. Right. I grew up in Chicago. I played the game of basketball because I saw Michael Jordan play the game of basketball. And so my, my vision of it is so different, but I got a chance to watch that guy LeBron James, up close and personal. And I've never seen a better basketball player in my life, you know? And so I think, you know, the goat conversation is, what does that even mean to you? Doesn't mean anything. It's, it is something that we talk about in media. That's something you talk about in the middle of summer Too. It's, everyone talks about it just in media. Like everybody on the street come up to you and they'd be like, Hey, who's the goat? You are like, bro, you seven. Yeah. Like, why does this matter to you? Who's the goat?


Wait, what Do tell Seven year you, what do you tell 'em? What do you say What they ask me? Yeah. A 7-year-old. 7-year-old. I, I ask him, who, well, who's your goal? It doesn't matter who's my goal. I am, I'm 43 years old. I grew up in Michael Jordan era. I play with LeBron James. I can pick anyone I want. It doesn't matter. My vision of playing a game of basketball came from Michael Jordan. The, the silhouette, the, the thing about when it comes to, I think when it comes to the gold is like, you gotta have the perfect height. You gotta have the perfect form. You got, it's all these things that go on The gold is not just the, the stats that you put on the court and the championships you win. When people talk about the gold, it's the stories that people tell about you. It's all these things when it comes to being the goat. And so that's the era I grew up, grew up in.


But LeBron James is arguably a goat. He's the goat, he's a goat to, to generations. But the generation before him, it's very hard for people before him to call him their goat. Right? It's just, it's gonna be hard. But the generation after that, he's the goat to them. And so you can't, I'm not gonna have an argument with somebody that comes to me and say, LeBron James is their goat. Duh. He's a goat. It's multiple goats in this game. Multiple. He's practice this Answer practice. You should, you should start having those arguments. Practice. They're kind of fun, smart. No, those arguments are dumb. No, they're very fun. No, watch. Let's have it right now. So ask me who my goat is. Who's your goat? Michael Jordan. Why? Championship rings. That's it. Never lost The finals. That's It. Never, never went to a game. Seven in the finals.


That's it. And he was the best player of those teams. Yeah. You can't, he Was, he's got six of 'em. That Makes him your goat titles. Yeah. Yeah. And I respect that. And it's over conversation over now. Who's your goal? Thank you for your respect, Michael Jordan. Okay, There We go. That was a great conversation. That was a great it. Yeah. That was good. Yeah. Was 7-year-old should Listen to this guy? My basketball goal Yeah. Was Michael Jordan. I I played the game of basketball because of Michael Jordan. Huh? What what about h How, how deep have you seen LeBron get into a book? I've seen a lot of books in his hand. How deep though we talking. Listen, I'm not even judging because I buy books and I read the first five pages and I never, I just don't read anymore. You know what I love?


I love the, the when someone can make fun of themselves. Yeah. I love the fact that LeBron and his team has now marketed him as someone who reads the first Page. The first page. Yeah. I, that is to me, smart. If you can make fun of yourself. Absolutely. People really can They love you. Agree. Absolutely. If you can't and you take yourself too serious, then everyone else is gonna take it too serious. And so I love the fact that LeBron has now made millions of dollars off everybody talking about him reading one page. Now, I never sat down and watched how many pages he reads. It's not, I don't care about that. I care about what he does on the court, but I, I definitely have seen a lot of books in his hand. I would just carry on the, the back of the book. Most people don't even make it past the the back jacket. Listen, I'm one of them people. I'll start reading the book and I'm going to sleep fast.


I gotta listen to my book. Yeah. I'm sorry. I ain't gonna make it. I read The reviews and I'm like, that's a great book. That's a Great, I can write a whole essay off of what I just read on the back of the book. Oh, I got some dumb questions for you. Wait a minute. That question that you just asked me, one. No, That was actually all good Question. Very smart questions. I know you've spoken on it, but the fake quote in 2017 that you had Dwayne Wade on Cavs early season struggles. It stinks. But at least I get to go home every night and, and have my wife eat my butt. Not true. Right? Oh yeah. Who made, somebody did make that. That Was a fake one. There's a fake one. Yeah, it's, I like that You called attention to it, don't you? Yeah. Yeah. You quote treated it. So We're making fake quotes Up now. Oh Yeah. I Listen.


Wait. That's What everyone does. Listen, I'm in on a joke. Okay. A lot of people say talk a lot of shit about me. Yeah, I would, I would, I will. I wouldn't be who I am today if I really took it seriously. So, So fake. The quote's fake. But your wife does eat your butt. I'm I'm always going my butt. Yeah. Is that, that was just a podcaster trick right there. Get you in, get you In the corner. No, it's cool. It, they came outta nowhere. It was crazy. It de it definitely was a crazy take, you know? And people ran with it. I was like, okay. So you could just throw, It's a funny quote. Fake or not. It's a funny quote. It's, it is funny. I listen, I like to laugh. Yeah. It it was funny. It was a little, it was a little crazy. But you know what? Ha ha ha My wife decided to do it. Then she decided to do it. Leave, leave what we do inside our, our private home.


Private. Alright, so I do, I I have a a a private question that hopefully you can give us a little answer on. You went to the Met Gala. What the hell happens inside? Nothing. Oh, see, he's not gonna answer. You'll talk about eating, but, but you won't talk about the Met Gala. It's crazy what happens inside There. Wait, knew happens inside. What happens inside? We don't know. We're on the outside. You just have a great time. But what is that, what are you bidding on stuff? Is there live music? What is going on? His live music. Okay. It's, it is some of the coolest people in the world. Yeah. We Picture's beautiful, everyone pictures, and then we don't, You know, you have a dinner. It's a fundraiser. Okay. Every 'cause each seat is paid for. Yeah. By brands and individuals.


It's, you walk through, depending on the theme of the thing of the year, you walk through the gallery. Right. Any TVs? No TVs Is the game's on, No games on. So you're at a table that Sounds terrible. You're eating dinner at a table. Yeah. And then is there an mc? Aint no mc. Okay. So it's just, is there, there's a band that's playing during dinner. It's a, it is some, the conversation is the band that's playing through dinner. Oh, it's everybody. These, all these people. Like most of these people I only get to see once a year. Yeah. Right. And I mean these not, I don't got these people in my Rolodex. Like, we not like kicking it like that. Right. Not everybody in there. So it's, it's the soundtrack is of everybody happy and excited to be in the cool kids room.


Right. To gather and everyone looking fly as hell and you know, and, and you know, that's just the sound. That's the soundtrack of the room. Okay. When did they pass around the Illuminati robes and the baby blood. Is that dessert horse? Let's, let's talk about the food. Tell me what you ate. Well, this year it was, it was fire. Every year is different. Okay. Every year different. Obviously they reach out to, you know, different chef or different restaurant to upset the plate. And you know, some years it's maybe some you fancy and some years it's some you may not fancy. This year was actually really, really good. One of my wife and I actually favorite, favorite restaurants. So we had some, we had some soul in our food this year. Okay.


You know, it, it was, it was about black culture this year, baby, you know, we gonna have some seasoning all and shit. Okay. So it was good. It was really, really good. And, and I, I read a story. You, you didn't try fish until you were 32 years old, is that right? I don't remember the age, but I'm, you know, me and Fishers had a real, It was just, You stay over, I stay over here relationship, you know what I mean? I grew up, I grew up in the inner city. Fish wasn't a fish wasn't a part of my, what I was able to eat. And then when I got older, people started throwing fish and it was like, the first one was salmon. And I was like, that smells like the sea. Yeah. It taste, I don't want that. And so me and Fish had a used stay over there. I stay over here relationship for a long time. And now I just actually ate Bino before I came over here. It's pretty Good. You're Having lunch fish now? Yeah, I'm having lunch fish now. A whole fish.


What a salad. Oh. Oh yeah. 'cause you weren't a, you weren't a salad guy either. No. David Fistdale, shout out to David Fitz on our coaches. He told me one time, he was like, you know what? He's like, I'm pissed off at my parents. I grew up, my mom always told me that I had to, I had to eat healthy. I had to do all these things to be like, you know, if I wanted to be an athlete one day, he said, you don't do none of those things and you're one of the greatest athletes that I've ever seen. Right. I mean, I was a, I was terrible when I, when I in my prime, you know, I mean that's why I didn't, that's why my prime didn't last that long because I didn't, I didn't have the, the, the things I needed, the nutrients for my body, for my body continuing to perform the way it needed to perform. I was, I was a sugar baby. Yeah. Gimme me sugar. Gimme me sweets.


Give me, give me burgers, give me, you know, fried chicken. Like I was, I grew up that way and that's the way I ate through the league for a long to get hotdog before a game. Yeah. Yeah. Was was there a moment when you like, were like, oh shit, I gotta was too late, late father time's coming. Yeah, it was too Late. It was father time was already at the dough. Shit. You Think it was too late? Think Phil still needs to have a, a conversation with Luca. Well Maybe get Luca on some salads. Dale is in Phoenix. Yeah. But he should talk to Luca. Why? Like try to, You talking about everybody talk about Luca's diet. Yeah. Luca, he could lose A couple pounds. Luca gonna figure out what he needs to do. He'll be great. I think he'll be great. It's, It's, it's one of our favorite things to do. Like a guy who looks like me be like, you know, Luca's kind of outta shape. Well, Right.


I mean, YOIC looks like you and you, he got three MVPs, right? Yeah. Girls, he three or four I don't like, But he did lose weight. Like, yo, he still looks Like you. Yeah. But his, his talent and his skills, it don't, everybody don't need to look chiseled. Yeah. Agree Like that. That is a misconception right there. It's about, it's not about how you look, it's about what kind of conditioning you in. Yeah. To be able to, you obviously play both ends of the floor the way you need to. Yeah. And so it's not about how you look. That is, that's, that's a little overrated. It's a little bit about How you look. Everybody don't need abs. Well, but when you lose then it's about how you look. That's how the media, And no one said nothing about how yogis looks when he's winning MVP. True. Nope. His body is no different than, you know, than Luas. If you wanna talk about the style of like, we don't see muscles.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It is more so of are you in peak condition or are you not in peak condition from what people expect from a superstar player. Yeah. And that's, that's the biggest conversation. It is messed up how we do it. It's like winner, winner, winner. And then the minute you lose, you're like fat. That's just how it goes. Got the finals. Yeah. It's a lot of fat guys that saying it. Right. Whatever fat he is to you, there's a lot of guys who don't have abs that's saying it. I think Luca Looks good. Yeah, sure. Yeah. He looks, he looks, looks okay. I If Luca walked in here right now, I'm sure his body would look way different than you think by watching him on a basketball court with, you know, out there with jerseys on and all the pads and everything. If he Walked in here, I'd cross him up. I bet. Traffic cone. No bro. Luca's so good. Yeah. I crossed him up with an ice cream cone.


He wouldn't know what hit him. I think, I think, you know what's crazy? It's like, you know how you see, I think we just saw a video go out of, of Robinson in in the, in in New York of him playing. Yeah. In the summer. And he was going between the legs shooting step back s like when, if somebody's not in the NBA and they just all and just doing whatever they wanna do. Everybody's cold. Yeah. Yeah. And then when you gotta get in the NBA, you gotta play a certain role. You forget that you, all the things that you was working on in the summer, you just gotta pick and you just gotta roll. I, yeah. Now just do that. Yeah. And then you forget. And we, I mean I, we've talked about it when the whole debate happened, the NFL versus NBA, I'm like, I don't think people fully understand. Like we've had, we've been lucky enough to have some of the NBA combine guys come here and work out. If you watch a guy who's gonna be the NBA workout, they do not miss, they literally do not miss No.


And it's like you think that they're, they're shooting, you know, 50% from the field in a game. Yeah. When they're in practice, they are not missing. Well That's called, that's called bright lights. Yeah. That's called popcorn popping. Yeah. That's called fans in the arena. Everything changes when you, I've seen players in practice that was way better than me. And we get in the game and I'm like, bro, you gonna help me? It's a whole different beast when you got 20,000. Why'd you say that about Mario Chalmers? I love Mario. No, I have, listen, that's La Mario is one of the toughest. Mario don't get credit the way he cr the way he should. Mario's one of the toughest players I ever played with. One of the biggest shop makers I've ever, he was ever played with Mario. To me always. I feel like he got more out of what looks like his ability.


Like when you look at Mario, you don't see him doing it. You're like, I don't think this guy's gonna be that good. Right. Because he doesn't, he's not chiseled. He's not hella tall. He's not fast. He don't jump hot. Mario still, today's plays the game of basketball and Mario could steal hoop. Yeah. I give Mario a lot of credit. I, he was one of the guys I love playing with. Yeah. And if I was, if I was a starter team again and you asked me to pick 12 guys, I would pick Mario on my team because he's a fucking winner. Okay. So who's your favorite teammate? You can't name like Bosch, LeBron ud, But for what and what favorite teammate for what? 'cause you got team, you got favorite teammates for different teams. All right. Favorite teammates to play with. Favorite teammate to hang out with in your entire career.


Favorite teammate to play with. I can't pick a guy that I actually like playing with. Is that what you're telling me? No, no, no. Just you, you can't pick the usual suspects. 'cause what we're gonna do is just a podcasting trick. I'm gonna say favorite teammate to play with. And then you're gonna say someone other than LeBron, then we're gonna put the clip out. No, my Everyone be like, holy shit. My always the same master's. Always the same. What is it? It doesn't change. Shoot. Donna has 'em Okay. All time for her teammate. Okay. And then what about to hang out with him as well? To hang out with? No, that's always the guys that don't really get no time on the court. Yeah. Them all, them all. It is always the guys that, you know, is not one of the, one of the star guys. The guys you can kind of get away with, you know, get away and just kind of like, you know, be someone else. Right.


You don't gotta be that star guy. You don't gotta be cool. You can just be who you are. You know what I'm saying? So I've had many favorite teammates that you would never know their names. Yeah, I know their names. Yeah. I mean, my favorite teammates go back to college, man. Like I, you know, I got, I got guys in college that you, you know, you won't know their names. They're my favorite teammates. I still talk to 'em to this day, you know? And all final run guys that you will not remember. Yeah. Yeah. On that final for run, did you have, did you at that moment have the confidence in yourself and the belief that you were going to go on to do all these great things? Or was it that moment that kind of woke you up and you're like, yeah, I can, I can be one of the best. Nah, You know what, man, I, I didn't think that way. Like, I mean, I, I, I knew I was good at what I was good at, but I always, you know, just had the mentality that like, like I, I never thought that far ahead.


You know, I'm a I'm a everyday person. Yeah. You know, it was just, to me, I was just, I was always about getting better every day. Now I knew I could compete with anybody because I wasn't afraid of anyone. Once you take away getting dunked on shooting an air ball and getting crossed over, what else is it after that? It ain't nothing else embarrassing in the game of basketball. Like, everyone's gonna score on you. Right. And so once I was realized, okay, these are the only things that really people are embarrassed about. All right, well take that away then let's just hoop. And so I was never, it's basketball. I'm not afraid of you that you can score on me. Okay. Like, my brothers could score on me, my dad could score on me. So like, I just kind of simplified the game of basketball. So I knew I could compete with anyone. It was just about getting the opportunity for me. And once I got my opportunity, I showed up every time.


Yeah. And that's all. So you weren't thinking at that moment, like one day, 15, 20 years in the future, I'm gonna have a really, really weird looking statue of myself built. No, but I knew I was gonna be great. I, I, I, this goes back to, I got a high school yearbook quote when I was 17 years old. And they asked me, you know, in 20 years, you know, what would you be? And I said, I'm gonna retire as one of the greatest, I played the game of basketball. I said that at 17, and I actually retired at 37 years old. I retired 20 years later. That's Pretty cool. That's Pretty cool actually. Pretty damn cool. Yeah. Awesome. And I retired as one of the greatest to play the game of basketball. Now, whatever number that's, It's a number. Well at least is 75. But thank you very much. Yeah. So I did retire as one of the greatest. So at 17 years old, I had the outlook.


I just didn't know how I was gonna get there. Yeah. But I got there by my work every day. And also too, just by the people, man, you, you really gotta, you gotta find people along this journey. You gotta you gotta connect to them. You gotta hold on tight to 'em, the people that's there for you. Like, God puts people in your path. You gotta, you have to recognize who these people are. I recognize those people throughout my journey and I stay connected to them, you know what I mean? To help me get to that next level. And so I knew that I wanted to be that, but I, but it was the work every day. And it was the recognizing of, you know, and, and being honest and looking in the mirror of myself when I wasn't that good. When I wasn't doing the things that I was supposed to do. Really holding myself accountable to that, to being one of the greatest I ever played the game in 20 years.


Yeah.


Quick break from Dwayne Wade to talk about our friends from Chevy. Sponsored by a good friends at Chevy. For over a century, Chevy has been building trucks that don't flinch and never quit. Whether you're hauling lumber on the job or trying to get the smoker, the cooler, the corn hole boards and the whole crew to the tailgate on time. Chevy gets you there when Chevy says most dependable truck. They're not just speculating. Chevy trucks have earned more dependability awards for trucks than any other brand according to JD Power 2025. Sounds like they have the stats to prove it. So draft yours@chevy.com in every Chevy truck. Dependability comes standard. For more on Chevy trucks, visit chevy.com today and visit jd power.com/awards For more award details. We're truck guys. Let's get everyone to be truck guys and girls. Chevy is the truck for you. Draft yours@chevy.com. And like I said, in every Chevy truck, dependability comes standard. So go right now. chevy.com For more on Chevy trucks.


Okay. Back to Dwayne Wade, Can we talk about the statue? Yeah. Is that okay? So when, when they unveiled the statue, what was your initial thought? I have a statue. Yeah. Great statue. Yeah. Yeah, that's what That is. A Statue was, I wasn't, I wasn't thinking like you guys were thinking. I, I wasn't thinking like the, the photo that went out and everybody like to say like, yeah, I, I wasn't thinking about that guys. Like, come on man. Like, Technically it's a statue. It goes back to like us looking at Luke and being like, wow, that guy's outta shape. Like Right. We're like, look how bad that guy's statue is the guy that got a statue for being great for so long. Yeah. Yeah. I listen, I I get it. Like, give me all the jokes. I actually, some of 'em were fucking hilarious by the way.


Like some of 'em, I, I still, I saved them in my phone. I was like, I gotta come back and laugh at this one later. But no, I wasn't thinking about that. I was, you know, I, once again, my mind goes beyond that. My mind goes to my kids. My mind goes to like, you know, small kids from the inner city of Chicago. I go to all that now. You guys have a job to do, right? You got a job to do. You got a Job now. Good job to do is to, to make sure that you get as many clicks as possible. My statue became something that you guys can talk about. Yes. That will get you clicks. Yes. Have at it. Thank you for that. So it's hard to do the, I feel like the statues fail, like the Ronaldo statue. No, they're tough. Yeah, they're tough. Once I keep telling people is I was, I was there alone. Alone, like the whole process. Right. Like I, it was an incredible process. But from clay to bronze, it's two totally different things.


It's two totally different statues from clay to bronze. And so in clay, I was like, oh yeah, this is, this is gonna go down in history as one of the greatest statues out there. And bronze, it looks way different. It, my everything is hardened, right? So my, it's very different in clay than it is in bronze. Yeah, It's intense. It it's Real intense. Yeah. It shows. So it was a competitor was pretty strong like jaw structures. Yeah. You know what I mean? And then too, like everyone gets to look up at me with my mouth open and yelling with these strong, like, I, trust me, I understand, but in clay it's soft. Yeah, right. It looks a little different. It looks, I look a little bit more like me and then you put it in bronze and then obviously, and I was trying to educate people.


I said, and also you put it in bronze and it has to, it has to stand strong in Miami forever. That is an extra dipping bronze. Right. That is an extra, this extra that It's even harder. Right. It's even darker. And so I think the, my first reaction once I got your reaction was, damn, it's darker than I thought it was gonna be. Because every statue has different complexions of, of LeBron's complexion. But because mine needs to, to weather the storm, mine had to be a little bit more, it had to get a little bit more care on it in a sense. And so it was definitely darker than I wanted to be, but like the expression that I wanted it to, to have it had the expression. It just hit a little, my cheekbones a little stronger. Yeah. It is very cool though. It's a, it's an awesome honor to have a statue to know that you meant so much to one organization, one city really?


That they're like, we want you to stand here for forever. Yeah. I mean you could put everybody that plays sports in one room to have a statue and Yeah. You can't fill this room up. No. So it is an elite class. Yeah. And, and listen, I, I think as long as people are making bronze statues, it's gonna be hard to capture it to look the way that everybody's gonna want it to look. Someone is gonna figure it out where it's gonna look exact one day. But it is a really tough process and it, it, it, it didn't hurt me that everyone was talking jokes. I just, the people who worked so hard on it, man. I hear you. Yeah. The families that, that, that to me I was just like, but also too, like once you put your work out there, it's open for interpretation for people to say what they wanted to say. Yeah. And people said a lot that they wanted to say they did, but ultimately I what I wanted them and it is still happening.


I still get at it every day. Or what a family, a kid individual, they go and they take a photo at the statue. I was actually there one night, here's a story about, I was there one night that when I was in Miami, late night to go see the statue for myself away from everyone and just me and my crew. And it's this, it was like three in the morning and it was a guy who walked up to see the statue. Now mind you, I'm behind the statue. I'm looking at all the details. He's not even at the statue yet. He's walking up and he's like, oh man, hey, fuck my man up. And so I come around the statue, I said, bro, did you even look at the statue or are you going off of everything you heard? Like, come here, let's take a, let's take a look at this statue for a minute. But he just automatically walked up with his own.


Oh man. What did he say when he saw you like that? That's such a funny thing. Oh, for the guy to be like, wait, did Dwayne, we just stand at his statue all day telling people to look at it closer. Yeah. I'm like, Hey, come get a better, you know what? Matter of fact, how about you look from up top, everybody looking from down here. Right. But no, he, you know, he took a couple steps back and was like, oh man, I didn't No, you you did. Yeah. You said it. I heard you, I heard you your way here. But that's so funny. It's all good. Like I just, I just want to, if I lived in Miami, I'll just pop up at the statue anytime. Yeah, Yeah. Hell yeah. Like say something. Yeah, me and you dea sit there like, say something. Yeah. But it is all love man. It's all love. So, so we, we mentioned offhand there, but 75 when they did the 75th anniversary in the top 75 players of all time you were named in on that list.


Incredible accomplishment. One Of my best accomplishments. Yeah. Individual. How, how did it feel to, to be named on that list And then when you get everyone together, what was that room like? And was MJ talking shit? So yes, at Some Point I remember being a kid watching the top 50. It was in Cleveland when they did it. They did the Leather jackets. They had the leather jackets. Yeah. I remember being a kid and watching some of my favorite players all be on the top 50. And I thought, what one of the coolest moments in the NBA to be in that list? And I didn't know when they would ever do another list. Right. And so I didn't know if it would be a hundred years or whatever, but when they said they was gonna do top 75, of course I wanna be in that.


Now you gotta understand it's 25 years go by and they only could put 25 more players. And it's not 25 new players because some guys got left off of the original 50 list. So let's say it's about 15 to 18 spots of new players in 25 years. And you're one of them. I mean it to me individually, that was one of the most, that was one of the dopest moments of my individual life. Like, I didn't go out to play as an individual and I didn't go off all the individual awards. Like I wish I would've grabbed a couple on the way, but that was one that I, I tattooed on my chest. Right. Yeah. Now, but you really didn't understand what it really, really meant. You just knew that you was getting this honor until we all got to all Star weekend in Cleveland And we all walked in the room and when you walked in the room, you saw the gods of the game.


You don't see the gods of the game. You may see somebody all star weekend, you may, you don't see everybody together. And so you walk in like Kareem Oscar, bird magic, like you looking at the gods of the game. You like on one of them. Oh, this is really cool. Now, now you see everybody, like all of us up there smiling ear to ear now because now we in this room and so we in this room, we all get to take the photo together. Everyone's not there. Now mind each 75 players are not there. It was 76 because there's a tie too. I don't know. Everybody know that? 76 players on the top 75? I didn't know that. Did they say who tied? No. Okay. They didn't say who tied, you know, but it's 76. I dont know. I dunno.


That little smirk man. You think I knew? Yeah. You know who No, I was, I was thinking I, I don't know neither. I but Jordan wasn't in that room. Okay. Yeah, Jordan, he, he was actually, he Jordan flew in. We didn't know MJ was coming. We didn't know who was gonna be there when we took that photo in that room. But that room right there let you know that you was one of them boys. Yeah. Yeah. Can't nobody tell me nothing after been in that room. Right. Because when the hundred one come around, I'm gonna be back in that room. Yeah. Right. So, but we all are waiting to go out, to go out and get our, you know, wave our little hand and get our love. And that's what MJ walked in and it, you know, you've heard multiple stories about MJ coming in and like how he, he snuck in like the black cat and just kind of snuck up on everybody and start talking shit immediately.


Right. Right away. Right at magic. Oh and I you once again, you can go back and look at the clip, you can see my face. I was like, oh this is happening. Yeah. Like Michael and Magic is talking shit. Yeah. Like what? I'm privy to this conversation now. I'm a kid who grew up watching these guys and like, you know, obviously these are some of the greatest I've ever played and I'm now a part of this. I get to be behind the scenes of this. And Mike come in and he right at 'em and they was serious. There was no games with Michael. He really was like, get your sneaks, lace 'em up right now. And Magic looked around and saw them cameras like, well you lucky these cameras here. I tell you something. Right. It was just one of those moments where you was like, the two of the greatest ever is talking shit.


Oh, that's incredible. It was incredible man. But obviously they're, they're, they're obviously best of friends. But that was the moment for me and I, and I said it, I I'm on record center. That was the moment for me. I was like, oh, I made it. Yeah. I'm In heaven. Yeah. I would Say so. I don't know if I'm going to heaven in the, in in the reg in regular life, but I know in basketball life I'm in heaven. Yeah. Yeah. It's incredible. Pretty surreal. It's pretty insane. Incredible. Yeah. Alright, so you are going to be on Prime video. So Amazon Prime be doing the NBA show next year. Give us some, give us some analysts talk. Who's gonna win the Title? Some analyst talk. Yeah, some analyst talk. We can't, That makes it analyst talk because I can tell you who I think gonna win the finals.


Yeah. Give it, give it get real granular. Yeah. Get really, really explain it to us like we're five years old. Who's gonna win the finals? I don't know. That's, I'm gonna start there. No, That's bad start. You gotta give us a p gotta Give it to us. I'm just tell you the truth 'cause no one knows. But I will say if I, if I had to pick right now 'cause y'all are forcing me to pick one. Forcing. Yeah. I think the best team is OKCI think. But it's not about the best team. We've beat Dallas in a year where they were the best team And we won a championship. If I had to pick right now, I would say Minnesota Timbers one of five. Mm. Okay. Why right now?


Amp And E It is, it is, it is the aura of Ed. Yeah. The way, It's the way, well it's the way that the aura of that young man, the way that it, you see it filters into everyone that he's playing with. That right there, when you get to that finals, you need that. You need to believe in somebody that wholeheartedly like that. And I'm not saying these other guys don't, I mean, listen, any one of these teams can obviously win. There's four teams and they all can win. It's gonna be historic whoever wins. But from what I've experienced by being in the finals, if, if they can keep this up, what that young man, the way that he can, the way he puts his, his, his aunt man on the, on the game, no one else does that.


No one else goes to that level like him when he goes to that level. And these guys are very good. I mean, you got B Brunson who is fourth quarter clutch time money, Shaa, MVP. Right? You got these guys who are at that level. But when you talk about who got it, who got that sauce and Ant man just got that sauce. Now they gotta keep it up because it, we all know those first eight games mean nothing. The first eight wins need nothing. You gotta get to eight more of them. And so who knows if he's gonna get there, but right now, if you ask me, I'm gonna say he got the sauce that you need to get to that finals. Okay. So counterpoint. I don't hate the take, but last year I would say he also had the sauce. Did he just get the sauce this off season? Like something changed about him, right?


Nah, He grew up a little bit. I mean it's only one year difference, but it is a big difference. He, he got to experience it. He was in the Western Commerce finals last year. He played against the guys who went to the finals. That's a different summer than someone who lost in the second round or the first round when you lose in that space. And so you, you see someone, you send a mature player, he, he, he had the sauce, he's had the sauce his whole life. I'm sure when he was, he had let you know when he was five he had the sauce. But once you lose in, in the way that he lost and you watch the team that you lost to go off to the finals and all those things, you, it's a different mentality that you come back with. And man has come back and put his spirit into the guys and you can see it when they're playing. Right. And he's a leader of that team. And so if I'm choosing maybe a little bias 'cause I see a little, you know, it is maybe I see a little reflection sometimes.


That's What I thought. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe a little bias. Yeah. You know what I mean? As a young guy, I mean I won't mine at 24, he's 23. You know, I wanna see somebody come and, and take it. But I think he got, I think he got what is needed when you get to that stage, as you, as you understand, you heard Shay said the other day, game seven, he was like, I was nervous. Yeah. You could feel it in the First quarter. You, you supposed to be, these are, you have never felt these emotions before. Yeah, yeah. That is the second round seven game. You gotta keep going. Yeah. And you gotta get to these, these, it gets, it gets hot. It listen, you get more nervous as it goes on. And so I think someone like Ann is just, I think he's, he's ready for that step and for that stage and that stage them lights get even brighter.


That popcorn get even it smells even better in that. Yeah. It gets even richer in that arena, that crowd get even louder. And so to win the, the ability to be able to pump that confidence in those other guys is what it's gonna be. And OKC has what I think is the best team overall from top to bottom in this. But it's not just about that. When you get to this, to this place that they're hopefully going something Defense is so good. Something about that, that reminds me a little bit of your game. He seems to be the the type of rare player that when he is playing in front of a a, an opposing audience, when he's on the road, he feeds off the crowd just as much on the road as he does at home. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Like he brings his confidence to them.


He, he, he brings it to the game where he hears everybody booing, hears everybody yelling at him screaming. And he elevates his game. He's like, I wanna shut them up. You have to love it. Just as bad as he wants to make the fans at home cheer. Yeah. You have to love it. You, and, and at this time of year, you gotta actually, you gotta love playing on the road more than you love playing at home. It's easy to play at home. You're not saying you're gonna win everyone, but you're gonna get more help The role players. Yeah. You're gonna get more help. Yeah. On roles. You're not gonna get as much help, bro. And you know what, so what, this is your response. This is your responsibility. Everybody looking at you, you the man, you the one with all the commercials, you the one with you, the one with all the attention. They all, they all looking at you and you gotta, you gotta love that. And so I personally love that. I love playing on the road. I love going to win on the road.


We won our first finals on the road in game six. I had 36. I love that. Put me in a position that is the most uncomfortable and watch me come out smelling like roses. And so if you don't have that mentality, you're not winning that championship. I don't care how close you, you don't care if you go up too old. Right. You gotta love winning on the road. It's not gonna Happen. Was that your favorite? Because that, we always talk about this like best sports sounds and one of the best sports sounds is when a road player, like you can feel and take the soul of the, of the, of the fans. You know what I mean? Where that like, like hitting a big shot on the road and that like scream gasp is so it's something about it. Oh, it's, it's foes, it's FO's crystal in the morning. It's a Sweet smell. It's incredible smell coffee in the morning, huh?


Yeah. And the whole, the whole stadium knows like, this guy just beat us. Oh, it's incredible. Yeah. It is nothing better than that. It's nothing better than when you walk out and the, and you got the polls and fans looking at you with their, they just respect you. Right. They end up cheering for you. It's nothing better than than than turning them into a fan of yours. Yeah. Right. And that's what, that's the kind of aura that Anton has. He has that aura where you, you hate him, but when he get done, you gonna love him. Yeah. Yeah. Because you can do nothing but respect it. Yeah. And, you know, along the way. And so yeah. It's nothing better than that. Yeah. He's a very fun player. I, I got one more question for you. I think it's more of a statement. You might be a magician or a witch because of your pump fake you. Are you aware of how good your pump fake was when you were a player? Well, yeah.


I see people flying all the time. Huh. And, and you would do it constantly from the three point line and people guarded you. I think there's a stat out there that shows that people guarded you closer than any other player in the NBA from the three point arc when they were playing Defense, doing Your work. Right now I'm not, I'm not bringing this up to, to trash your three point percentage, but it was like 29% career, which isn't, it's not a great three point percentage, but they guarded you so close on the perimeter. Yeah. Like they expected you to make it. Yeah. Because they didn't want me to touch the ball. It was, it just like no matter where he is on the court, we're gonna be as, we're gonna guard him as closely as possible. Well, yeah, because here's the thing, I'm not, if I'm not a three point shooter, you play off me when I get the ball, I'm coming at you downhill. You cannot stop me. So your goal is to make sure that I don't touch the ball.


And so it was a stat when I played in my prime years where I think I was up there like with Ray Allen and those guys when it came to what the, the defense trying not to allow me to get the ball at the three point line. Yeah. I was up there with the top three point shooters and I was the worst by far three point shooter. But some guys, you just do not want them to get the ball in their hands because that's the rhythm for them. And it wasn't my job to shoot threes, you know what I mean? Like you, you're Michael Jordan's, he had a quote where he talked about, he's like, I don't want to be a great three point shooter because it takes away what I'm great at and what I love about my game and the game because it makes me stay on a perimeter searching for threes. No, I want, I am downhill. I am trying to put you in the basket. I I I have, I have to get in the paint so I can get my teammates shots.


That is my job. My job ain't to sit out there like woo woo woo. That wasn't my responsibility. And so, but I did find respect. I did look at the respect that I got amongst my peers that knew I'm not making this shot, but 29% of the time. But you guard me like I'm Ray Allen, one of the biggest three point shooters ever. Yeah. That's respect right there. So now I'm gonna back cut your ass. Yeah. And, and the pump fake was great too. I stole that from Sam Cael. Oh, Sam Cassel. I stole it from Sam Cassel. I just added my own little mixture. It, but I got, I got it from Sam Cassel. So how Do you steal a pump fake from Somebody? Well, I watched him do it and I was like, he's coming up the court hella slow. It's the slowest pump fake ever. And everyone's jumping and going for it. So because I wasn't a three point shooter and because I will come down, he'll let a player, the defense natural reaction is to stop you from scoring.


The closer you get to the basket, the, the more you wanna stop someone from scoring, I'm really gonna pump fake you the closer I get in. And so everyone's job is to jump close out, jump. If I, if I get create space and I get you a step off, your job is to recover. How do you recover? Jump. And so for me it's just, it's the law. I understand the body I understand. Like, all right, you gotta, you're gonna come back and I'm gonna do this and you have to contest my shot. You don't want me to score. Right. So I'm gonna give you this. You're gonna jump, I'm going. I act like you did something to me and I'm gonna go to free the line. Yeah. So to me it was like, it's, it's all about you gotta have patience. You know, I talked about this and I talk about this all the time. A lot of players, when they get closer to the rim, they lose patience.


That's when you gotta have your most patience the closer you get because the defense has less patience. Right. When they, when you, when you are in scoring and when you in scoring position, the defense gets a little erratic and they wanna strip you a block your shot. That's when I'm really gonna hit you with these slow ass pump fakes. Yeah. At different speed. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well who's got the best pump? Fake all time Me, Sam Young is actually the answer. Do you remember his pump fake? What makes it Pittsburgh? Wait, what? What? How do you say, do You remember him? Do you know who I'm talking about? Who, How do you say that though? What makes you say Him? If you ever wanna stand because he got The most free throws off of us. No, he just, he would go, it looked the best. He would go all the way up on his tippy toes and he'd have guys running through the crowd and you know, I don't think he even played pro.


That's like the gold conversation. Whoever you think is who it Is. Yeah. I'll show you some highlights of him. You'll, you'll, you'll see. Would you ever see yours was very nice, but Sam Young, I don't know. He had People jumping past him. He was, you would go all the way up on his tippy toes. Yeah. And I guess course Would you talk shit to people if they jump, if you're like, got him. Oh Yeah, I'm gonna listen. It was game plans. You would hear the whole, the whole coaching staff on the opposite team say, do not jump for us pump. And I'd be like, you know, you gonna jump for my next pump? I, because it's in your mind now. Yeah. Right. Is now they have, they have made it worse for you because they're now telling you, don't jump from my pump. Fa Yeah, it's coming. You don't know when, but I'm about to hit you with these three jumpers in your face and you're not gonna like that. So what you gonna do eventually, you're gonna try to stop me.


That mean you gotta jump because if you don't jump, I'm just dotting your I So eventually you're gonna jump and I'm gonna get you, I used to tell people all the time, I'm going to get you, you know that right? Because if you don't, that's a bucket. Yeah. And you gotta let 'em know too if they jump and you drive past you. Oh Yeah. Oh I got you. Yeah, I got, yeah. See you.


Alright, I got one last question. Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com promo code take.


This has been so much fun. Del Larry O'Brien trophy here. Awesome conversation. We'd love to have you on anytime You're recurring guest now. So when we ask you to come on, you have to come on. Just so you know. Okay. That you signed something when you walked in the door. I don't know if you read it, but it's basically whenever we want you on, you have to come on our show Sound like my wife. Yeah. Well, well I'm not gonna eat you butt. No. My last question is, we were talking about it before we, we started taping. We have a mutual friend Tom Cre. Obviously you're closer to him than we are, but we we're, we're fairly close with him. We've had him on many times. Really love him. Yeah. Was there a moment when Tom Cree at Marquette like instilled to you? You talked about the Shaq confidence, like was, did Tom Green have a moment where he was like, Hey, you're gonna be special and like this is, you have an opportunity now.


Do you remember that moment or that like sequence where he kind of gave you that confidence of like, oh, this is different. It's not just college basketball, it's gonna be something more. Oh Yeah. He's one of the most important people in my development, in my development as the player that you guys got a chance to see. Tom Cream. Tom Cream was on my ass to a level of tears coming down a lot of times because I didn't understand why he was on me so hard. But he obviously saw something in me that I didn't, that I didn't know was there. But I, I was talking about one of the things Tom Cream taught me and which made me a very good basketball player and it was my ability to, to get so low on picking rolls. And he, he, we drilled this over and over, we drilled, anytime I touched the paint, you better dunk it.


Like this was, this is how we, this was my summer workouts with Tom Cream to the point where like, you know, I, I was young, I was leave, get kicked outta practice or I throw the ball and walk outta practice and he'd come right down there and get your ass back up here. Like he was on me and I was, I was, I was young. I was going through a lot of, a lot of things in my family life when I went to college and I wasn't mature enough yet. Not a lot of things going on, but he would not allow me to be less than what he thought that I was gonna be. He thought I was gonna be great. The year before I entered the draft, I told everybody I was leaving an inch in the draft because I didn't want to, I didn't wanna work. It was, we were running lines and all this shit, and I was like, I'm out.


I'm going to the NBA. He flew, flew in at like three o'clock in the morning, calling me down to the office and scared the living shit outta me. But what he pretty much told me is that you didn't come here to be average. I'm not allowing you to go to the NBA to be in the second round or to be late first round. You came here to be great and great has been in the lottery. And so if we ain't, you ain't there. You ain't going nowhere type, you know, you Right. Like a father figure. He was a father figure for me at that time, and I respected him obviously. You know, I, I stayed one more year and I went number five. Right. And so he was just somebody who was on me and he saw something in me that I didn't even know was inside. He pulled things outta me that I didn't even know could be pulled out of you. You know? I'm in a sense. And so, you know, I sit here and I see him not coachy, and I see, and I, and I, and I, and I look at that and I see so many kids who not getting an opportunity because they're not getting coached by him to get the, to get greatness pulled out of them.


Yep. And that's the thing, just because you have it in you don't mean that you're gonna be able to showcase it to the world. You gotta know how to do that. You gotta have somebody that can see that in you and could pull it out of you. Tom Cream pulled all of my greatness out and then you guys got a chance to experience it. But it happened in Marquette in as small as gym in Milwaukee. And, and I give him, and I coach staff a lot of credit for not allowing me just to be good. And they forced me to be great. That's awesome. He is the best. The best. And, and he coached Ant too. Yeah. Yeah. And he, coach Ant he Coached an, he coached Victor Oladipo. He coached some, some, some dynamic guards, obviously other guys as well. But you, when Ant goes back, you go back to Ant Man's press conference when he decided to go to Georgia and they asked him, why you go to Georgia?


He said, because Tom Cree coached Vic Ola Depot in Dwayne Wade. That's why I'm going to Georgia, because he's gonna get the best out of me. Right. Just like he got the best out of, you know, two of the best two guards that played, you know, when Vic was healthy, Vic was a, Vic was a bad boy. And so give him credit, man, give to coach cre credit for having some of the greatest players to play the game. And A great guy too. Yeah. Amazing guy. And a great guy. Amazing guy. Well, Dwayne, thank you so much for stopping by. This has been awesome. We also will promise, I, I had someone looking up, like doing a prep sheet for me, and I guess our social team has spelled your name wrong every single time they've posted anything on our Twitter, so we're gonna make sure we get it right this time. It is all good, man.


Listen, every single time. Every single time. Is that memes? I'm, Yeah. Memes. I'm so used to it at this point, at the end of the day, you're going this Dwayne Wade is getting attention. Even this, the one before the A or the one with the Y. It depends. Yeah. I don't know which Sue. DD Wade. Yeah. Or just hit. Screw that up. Listen, I worked hard for D Wade, so just call me D Wade. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I mean, I've, I've screwed up too. Memes. You, you got this? Yeah. Oh my. When I, I'm gonna get cremated, but when, when I do leave this earth, I'm gonna make sure that both Dwayne's is represented on my way out. It ain't gonna just be the Y before that. It's gonna be the eight before the Y two because you're gonna, he had a great run too. People a hundred years from now when they're looking you up online and they're brain chip that they got or whatever, they might misspell it when they it. Right? So you wanna make sure that we got both, so we're actually helping you.


Yeah, we're we're doing the work Here. I got two brands. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Just don't call you Dean Wade. Yeah, no. Let him have his own brand. Let him Hey, don't call him D Wade. Neither. Y'all stop that now Don. Don't get my nickname. We, I done worked hard for that. Definitely not call him Dean. Yeah. Alright. Well thanks so much. We really appreciate it, man. Yeah. Appreciate you guys. Taking a moment, man.


Okay. Before we wrap up and get to Fire Fest, we're brought to you by ourselves. Pardon My cheese steak. We're in for a great sports week with the NHL Playoffs, NBA Playoffs and plenty of baseball and ordering Pardon my cheese steak for your game day meal or late Night Eats is the best play call you can make. Pardon? My cheese steak offers a wide variety of cheese, steaks, loaded, fries and popular desserts all delivered right to your door so you don't have to miss any of the action on your couch. Pick your favorite cheese steak made with thinly sliced steak, melted provolone, mouthwatering cheese sauce, and caramelized onions on a toasted hogie roll. Or you can order the popular Big Cat combo and get your choice of cheese steak, fries, and a drink. Go to pardon my cheese steak.com to order with Go code PMC 20 for 20% off your order. That's Code PC 20 for 20% off your order. Pardon my cheese steak.com. Go check it out now. Get that Big Cat combo, get a choice of a cheese steak, fries, and a drink and use that code PMC 20 for 20% off your order.


Okay. Fire Fest of the week.


Whoa. Whoa. What are we wearing boys? Kid it up. We have the brand new US soccer jerseys. Thanks to our friends at Truly Hard Seltzer, the official hard seltzer of US soccer. The official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. You know me, I'm a I'm a footy fan. We look good. They did a good job with the numbers too. Yeah. I don't know why PFT got 35, but I got double 0 3 5. Yeah. Yeah. What are you Hank? 17. I like this one. That's good. Oh, max, you got 20 men's summer jerseys truly hooked us all up with custom jerseys. We'll be rocking 'em all summer and we'll be drinking truly all summer.


All right. Fire fest. We got our guy oldie in the booth. So oldie is here. We got something that we taped this week that's gonna be out in a couple weeks. Oldie. You smell so bad. I almost threw up smelling your armpit. It's absolutely disgusting and I truly apologize, but I mean, I tried, I tried to spray, I tried to think, but it just You tried to shower? Yeah, I did. I shower after the Thing we filmed. Have you used Dove Men's Body Care? I sprayed that on before. Yeah, he did. I watched him spray It on. Yeah. And then is there any truth that people are calling you moldy? Oh, I hope not.


I know it's just me. I I would rather it's just me. I'd rather take the ammo and throw the G back in for Goldie. Goldie. Okay. I'll take Goldie oldie all day. All Right. Yeah. But it's bad. Dude. Max, take a whiff of it. Take a whiff of it for the people on YouTube. Oh, oldie. Also Slide this way just So Yeah. Yeah. There you Go. Absolutely. Take shirt off. Hold Big skin to skin. I legitimately almost Threw up. Gimme 10 seconds. I'll just give him a normal snip without a blow or a a plus the blow. What? No, he's been doing the, he's been walking around and, and, and putting his arm over his head and then blowing the scent at people. Got like, Like a fan. Yeah, like a, like one of those things at the house that scented comes out. Yeah. So you also bad you get the armpit. So, so I didn't lift my arm yet.


I have no, I know, but I'm, I'm just prefacing how bad this is going down. Don't think Max, do you think it's bad? Because it's the armpit plus his breath. I don't, don't your breath. I saw big cat's. No, I'm not gonna, I saw big cat's reaction and he literally Started, I almost Started dry heating. I dry he, Can I just do a breath look? My breath is Try my breath and then we'll do the armpit. Talk to mic cold. Why don't We, That's nice, max. Give it one big whiff. I gotta do Oh, just one big whiff. Stay strong. Oh, come on. You got this Max. I was seeing stars one. It is, it's like, so You gotta do Hank too after Smelling salt? Yeah. Hank has to do it after. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Oh. Oh dude, he's, oh, You know what?


It's like It smells so bad. I I actually just like gagged in my Mouth. Yeah. What's the worst thing you guys have ever smelled? Maybe that Go get, go get Hank. Go get Hank. We did a, lemme come here. Get the stinky clouds as he's going on the case race a couple years ago. Oh yeah. I wanted to die. It was like Zas. Pubes. Yeah. It was so bad. Bad. And like a smoke pong burned hairs and like Yeah, it was, that was, that was as bad as it's ever been. That's pretty bad. Yeah. Anything when you're hungover. Yeah. Yeah. New York City when you're hungover is tough Street. And the summer. What? It's, you know what it is? It's the hot trash. Yeah. Yeah. The hot trash from New York is the worst. All right. Give him, give him a good whiff. Give him a good whiff. Hank. You have to do a good whiff.


You gotta really take it in. Hit him. Yeah. Hit him. Hit him with it. Hold On. Not okay. You ready? Yeah. Smell it. Get yourself in there. Wait, wait. Only let me, lemme get a hit hit. Pop your pocket. Oh no. Oh no. Lemme Lemme take a hit. Lemme take a hit. I gotta smell this. Oh, I gotta smell this. Puking. I gotta try. This is, this is some good podcasting. Oh my God. Everyone look at Go watch the YouTube. Subscribe to the YouTube. Right. Hank Literally Just puke for people.


Wonder, like actual puke all. I Have tears in my eyes. 3, 2, 1. It's so bad, dude. I'll take another hit. I'll dude. Hey, You gonna make me? Oh, oh my God. That fine. Okay. I'm good. All right. Get back In the booth. Allie. That was awesome. Water, water, Water. I can't believe it. How do you smell? How does that smell happen? It's just a combination of all the different odors. How does it smelling? How does that happen in real life? Great. White North.


Hank you okay? Oh yeah. Oh, I think I'm gonna Pee. Oh. Like at first, I mean it was quick, but I was like, oh, it's just bl and then No, it's more. It has, it has some. It's B plus. It is, It is. It's B plus. Hank your fire fest. It's Bo Max. Nothing. Nothing crazy. The AI debacle. Big Cat posted the video on Twitter. Yeah. And he tagged me in it. It just said, is this real? At Hadn't use it. You're Cute. You're you puke breath is kind of cute. God. Puke. Puke. Got voice. My voice. Yeah. It's kind of cute. A little raspy. Yeah. Me just throwing up back here. 23 million views.


And ev you know, because you tag me in it, I was just, every single person was just like, duh, duh or no, obviously not, obviously not, obviously not. How dumb are you? How dumb are you? And then I posted, like I said on the show, because I thought, obviously I should have known this, but I posted on my Instagram story without context. And then people get, people were getting mad about What? About the Anaconda? Oh yeah. I Got, I had friends that texted me screenshots of the Anaconda that they saw independently. And they're like, this is not the picture that Hank thought was real. Right. I was like, max two. Yeah. It That's the one, the one where it's in the, the middle of the river. Yeah, dude. Yeah. Big ass lon. You don't know what's going on down there. It's like 200 feet long. I I was scared. I was like, fuck.


Well, they put at least That one. I I I, I was like, this can't be real. And, and did some research, but yeah. Yeah. I mean that wasn't really a fire fest. It was fun. But took oldie to hot yoga yesterday. Yeah. That's, he actually blames part of his smell on the hot yoga. Well it was, Did you shower this morning? He Showered at the hot yoga. He said he showered four times since then. And You think it's the hot yoga has like unearthed something in you? Yeah, I think it was just a huge decompression or like detox or whatever came out. I don't know. And Your body just expressed itself. It was like Out, well, it was like the hardest class of all time. Like old, I thought we lost oldie a couple times. I thought I was lose. I thought I was gonna die as well. And old is flexible. Well, that's what he was doing.


Split the office. And he was like hanging out right before we left. And we were like, you want come? He is like, yeah, I used to do it all the time. And then he was, I mean, it was, it was very funny having him there. He was, you know, walking up to all the instructors after being like, thank you for the practice. Thank you for the practice. And one of them, he was like, leaving to puke. I haven't, I haven't done this in seven years. Oh wow. Because I, I thought he was like, I thought when you said like, oh, you know, I do it all the time. I was like, oh yeah, it fit right in. Yeah, it was a hard class, but it was like, it was me, chef Donnie and oldie. And when the class ended it, there was like the Nile River of sweat between the three of us. It was disgusting. So yeah. Maybe, I don't know how that unlocks whatever that smell is, but something happened. The smell is hot yogurt.


Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was, it was funny. But it was like, I looked over a couple times and I thought oldie was, was down for the count. Yeah. Ugh. Oh man. It was a, it Was great practice though. Great practice. Great practice. Felt appreciate that. I felt bad being like, yeah, this was probably not, not the one to bring you to, it was A lot of water, A lot of sweat out. I'm, I wanted to say like, you know, I think it's maybe from the yoga, but all the boys, the boys, the boys that know back home, the bo is pretty strong. It's a known thing. Yeah. It's been around. It's, it's been around. Can we get a spray? Do we have the dove? I, I, I did that twice, three times before even today. Is that A fa is that a family thing? I don't know. I don't think No.


Papa Duke's don't smell like this shit. No. I mean, I don't know if I'm, what I'm consuming or whatever. Like, I mean, I even try to take my girls' deodorant and they say, dad, no, don't touch it. Don't touch it. I mean, I, nothing works for me. Oh Man, I, I think I gotta go to like a, like a science building to say like what can, what Can what, What can, what, what can we make to make this go away? Yeah. Like it's everything already. Where would you find a science building? Do Dove Dove's probably got something that can Whistle And we should do that as an ad. But They, but they do eight hour guarantee 12 hours and then they throw the 24 banger on there. The only thing in life you can't change is a clock 24 hours. So you gotta use the Timeclock. Yeah. But we should get you like Dove doing an ad where they're like, we, we have got the Smelliest guy in the world And we made him smell fresh.


You get prescription Deodorant. Max is back. Max. Max you said? No. Hamas. Oh. Max, what are you doing? I, I needed a face covering. You guys got like one whiff of it. We're just living in it back here. Okay. PFT. So you, your fire fest is you are dumb with ai and then I made it worse. No, I knew I was dumb. And, but it was the 23 million views and the amount of like, you know, people responding about how dumb it was to think it was real just made me feel a little bit worse. Oh, I'm sorry. It's alright. I apologize. You know, you can mute the conversation.


I did. Oh yeah. That's the best. I Didn't do it until today feature on Twitter. But I, when I woke up it was like, yeah, this is, this is bad, Bad. Oh, I mute conversations. I'll, I'll, I'll mute a conversation the second I throw out a take, I'll just be like, here's a take mute. I mute Every single one of the aggregators. Yeah. 'cause they tag us in all the shit. Everything. Everything. Yeah. And then you and then you get the dumbest replies ever. And the dumbest arguments that last for weeks sometimes. Dude, Caleb Williams wore a different style of shorts today and I just all of a sudden have like all these mentions from ML football. Yeah. And I was like, oh no. Did something big happen? So I unmuted. He was just wearing different shorts. Yeah. Jaden Daniels is looking different at training camp. What do you notice?


And then it devolved into a big conversation in the comment section that gets into like Brock Purdy at some point. Yeah. Just mute that whole conversation. Sorry Hank. So the only thing, you're just too trusting. I think It was a cool video. Yeah. I'll stand by that. If it Was real it would've been awesome. Yeah. And The noises. And it was the, it was the whale. Thank you. Yeah. The thank you that I was like, you know, as a whale advocate, I was like, Respect. Yeah. Did you see the video? Oldie max? Show him the Video. I did. I think I did. Was it the whale? I didn't see the anaconda. I seen the whale push off. It was the Whale that had like heavy equipment on top of driving on its back. What was Anaconda? But Did you think that was real? At first I was like, oh, they can scalp it pretty good. And then I was like, nah.


Well, they come on. That's a tractor. You don't see a tractor just floating on the ocean like that. Yeah. Like on a whale. Good, good reasoning. I'm thinking, okay, I grew up on a hundred acre farm. I never seen this shit before. Yeah. This is, but then you think 20, 25. And then, then I said, nah, this isn't, it's one of those the new IA things. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. PFT My, my fire fest of the week is that I officially felt old as fuck like middle age last week. Oh no. Because I got a power washer. Yeah. Last Saturday I went out, I went out to Home Depot picked up, I rented one about a year ago and I got it and it was awesome. And the guy was like talking shit to me. Like, he's like, you never used one of these before. I don't know if you can handle it.


I was like, dude, I'll handle it. No problem. I got this and I did it and it was awesome. And then I said, I'm gonna buy one of these things. I'm gonna get one of these things. So last Saturday went to Home Depot, picked one up, brought it home. I'm addicted to it. Yeah. You just start finding shit around. I could power wash you old. That might work. That would, but you ought to be careful. Yeah. Are you, are you dealing with a battery or gas? So he, that's really where the fire fest comes in is. Okay. So we'll hold off on that because Yeah. I, I, I was, I put a video out 'cause I wanted to piss people off. So I did a video of me power washing my patio and I intentionally missed a spot so that people would be like, what the fuck dude, you missed a spot. Some people were mad about that. But then I didn't realize that I stumbled into a, a deep, deep hole online that I was not aware of.


And that's power washing Twitter. Oh. And they were like, dude, you have a, you have an electric power washer. I would hide that thing when my friends come over. Yeah. You, you have an lec dude. That's the gayest thing that I've ever seen in my life. Oh. And now I'm like, I gotta go back and get a gas powered one. Oh no. I got 2000 PSI on it. I thought that's pretty good. You could tell all These stuff. You could tell the stream I when I was watching your videos if, if It was gas. He's like, yeah, fire me up. Well I still have it on the, on the most powerful stream on that. It ain't fuel. It ain't fuel. It ain't fuel. I don't care. I don't care what you're gonna save this and save that. But it ain't fuel. You get fuel. You better hold on two hands to that pistol. She's gonna be flipping and flopping. Yeah. You want to cook with something. 3,500, 4,000 sheets.


Well What can 30 504,000 sheets do? That 2000 can't Absolutely piss pump the shit outta that thing. Double times, two times double Times. Need pump the shit. God damnit. I should have pistol the Piss off. Gotta go the busy double times. You'll Clean. You know all those stains you get on the concrete and stuff. Yeah. Busy, busy, busy gone. Gotta go. Those are right there. Yeah. You're like, you're like double loping with the, with the, with the battery guy. I don't. Or the electric maybe sometimes. But I got, it has different streams. I got the different nozzles to it and one of them is like zero degree. And that one I think I could cut my toe off with that one. So another thing too for everyone, it doesn't matter who you are, where you're to where you're from. Pressure washers are very dangerous. You always gotta keep a distance away, even if it's electric or gas.


Yeah. 'cause close enough you can literally cut through someone's skin so that zero is cutting through someone's skin. Yeah. Right. So even the, it's spread out. But yeah, you just gotta keep away. But It's the most satisfying thing in the world to power wash something To clean. So my, it's so good. My con my the walk. I have a walkway in front of the homestead there and it's, it always gets stained and stuff. So it gets all like black and dark and from all the leaves fallen. I pressure wash it off that thing. Yeah. Immaculate. Mine's electric too. Electric too. But it still works. Well you can't, you can't be talking all that shit about my electric horn. If you're, if you're pumping out electricity too. I know it still does the job. It still works. But at the end of the day, we're soft ass pit bitch. Old men. That's true. Like we need the real gas. That's, you want to hear that You've used the gas one, right?


Oldie. Oh Hell yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. It means his dad was roasting me. That's how bad it got. Oh no. When you finish, like, are you like, you know, touchdown Score. Oh It, it cleans like beautiful. Beautiful. Yeah. So you put your arms up. Yeah. Alexis, touch it. Yeah, it's great. It's a great relief. It's a great relief. But you know what? It it, it's still good. How good does it clean things though? It's awesome. It is actually like the coolest tool I've ever used in my life. I'm just finding stuff around my house. I'm like I should power wash that. Yeah. I should power wash. When it rained the other day, I was pissed off. I was like, I can't power wash in the rain. It sucks. But I was talking to some of the boys at the office about it and they had a pretty good idea just to get a bunch of fruit and play real life fruit ninja. Oh I love That. With a power washer. Just throw shit up in the air and try to saw through it.


I love that with The water. Zero. Zero angle. You need the zero though. Zero angle. I think you don't want the 12 or 15. The 15 or 30%. That's like a spray. I think I could cut through a banana easy with a skid on. I know you can. Oh Yeah. Yeah. I could circumcise biz. Yeah. Yeah you could. You can help him out. Yeah. You could least in the cup. He should have to do that. I'll circumcise him my power washer. Yeah. Oh clean. That's clean too. Straight line. I like that. Yeah. Yeah. Cauterize it. Hot water. Alright. My fire fest. I talked about it last week and you should watch the Viva tv. That is out now. Dwayne Wade behind the scenes. Also my cream team, which I is, is Jacob and Zach in the office who I hired to be my cream team. Ben Minz. Ben Minz is a, is a advisor.


Is an advisor to the cream team. Okay. He's not officially, he's the advisor on free stuff. Got it. He was tasked with doing what he does best. Showing the best the way. Yeah. Yeah. Letting someone DM him and then him being like, yeah, I can get you a meeting with Dave Portnoy. Just give me like a free, he's very good at that. Yeah. Very good. I've made the purchase. Oh. And it's coming tomorrow. Whoa. So it's not going to be fully operational tomorrow because we need to get the actual manufacturer out to put it all back toge. Like there's a couple pieces that need to be put back in. But the soft serve ice cream machine will be in the office tomorrow. And it's probably going to be an expensive mistake. But I, I don't care. 'cause I, we got it.


We got Well it's never, well, it's never gonna make any money. Well, no. It pays for itself if it works And like, I think not actually. No, it does. It could make money. It pays For Money for sure. What do you mean? Well, you're not like getting any return. Let me explain ice cream. Let me explain. Let me explain how this gonna Make. Well, who pays for itself? Dude, lemme explain how this is gonna make money. In about four years time when Brendan Walker's contract comes up and he's getting offers from Fox Sports and ESPN and call her daddy to leave and join them, they're offering maybe twice as much. But we're like Brandon, we still got the ice cream machine. And he's like, God damnit, I gotta stay. But we might not have. I, I just love this place To god much. It's probably gonna break down, but yeah, it's gonna pay for itself.


That's Why. But aren't they gonna learn how to use it? Yeah. They're gonna learn how hard, how healthy. I mean, I didn't, my cream team is not the smartest guys. How Do, how do you clean that thing? It's probably gonna need your power washer. Yeah, that's what I was thinking. No, it's, there's a whole thing. We, we also, we we struck a deal with the people we're buying it from who have like a whole warehouse of different parts and all this stuff. They're gonna do a deep clean once a week. 'cause I also learned about listeria this week. Which you can die. We don't want that. You can die from it. Yeah. So the only thing standing between us and Listeria is the cream team. It Yeah. It's bad. So wait, the only thing standing between us and Listeria is exactly who? Jacob and Zach. Okay.


Yeah. The cream team. Do you guys Ever clean your dishwasher? Yeah. Sure. Yeah. All good. That makes me feel bad. Sure. Do What, What? Once a week? What do You mean? I found out that's the thing I have to do. Like, Oh, you run? Oh no, you run it. Are you talking about running it? Not like No. You taking it out clean? No, he's talking about in the bottom there's a filtration little filter thing. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. You can pull the filter out and shake it. You don't have to do it all the time. Like once a month. Yeah. Once I, You just run it Once a month. Yeah. It's you're oven. That's what we do. Yeah. Once a month. Sure. You do that right Hank? I know. I mean I did it for the first time in a year. A few years. How was It? Gross? Yeah. All the food. It's a filter through all the, so all the food doesn't run down the tube on the outside.


So it collects it before it runs through. It's like a time capsule. Yeah. Yeah. Not good. Not good. But either way, we got, we got ice cream on the way. I'm, I'm saying we're gonna have soft serve ice cream in this office within the next 10 days. And love that Po I, I've done the math. The only thing that we have to, and I talked to Max about this, the only issue is it's a big industrial machine. So good. Everyone's gonna have to pull their part. Like I'm gonna have to do ice cream checks. Like have you had your ice cream today? If you haven't gotta go. Hank Hank's band. Yeah. Oh yeah. No. He I un banned. Oh yeah. Oh, okay. Good. Maybe Started to post that fake news. Yeah. Max. I thought about this. I think I would like sample cups.


Okay. Right next to it. And I think I might have like 20 sample cups a day. Spread It out. Okay. That's fine's, you know. Yeah. That's, you know what I mean though? We're Have cones sometimes Want like a little taste, but I don't want the whole thing. But I'm gonna have about 20 little tastes like every Day. What's expected per week? Like what, what what, what numbers do you days? I'm gonna, you What? How much you weigh? 180. You're gonna have to eat about seven cones a week. That's easy. Me, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna be around the 12 to 14 morning night. I can do Days guarantee you that. There's gonna be several times where at lunch I'm like, oh shit, I didn't bring a lunch. I don't really feel like ordering. I'm just gonna eat ice cream Lunch. Yep. Yep. Sundays are gonna be a joke. Oh man. I'm gonna eat so Much.


You may have seven on Sunday. I'm gonna eat so much ice cream on football Sunday. We're gonna have to do bets of like, every time your team gets scored on eat a cone. Oh yeah. It so Excited. It's gonna be, it's gonna be great. Yeah. It's gonna be so great. So let's hope it works. 'cause I, the only fear I have about the ice cream machine is once we introduce ice cream into the office, you can't then take it away. No. If you take it away, we'll die. Yeah. You Can't. Like if you just have everyday soft serve ice cream and then they're like, oh, today you don't have it anymore. That's Death. Do you know why the McDonald's ice cream machines are never up? Yeah. I found this out from my cream team. Huh. So they had a bad deal with a manufacturer that the deal was only they could fix.


Like the McDonald's staff couldn't fix their machines. Right. Right. So they had to call in someone. It's like printers. There's always, you always have to call in like Pitney Bowes or some shit to come fix your printer. But the update is, the cream team told me that deal actually ended about six months ago. Oh. So it's back. Okay. So they're Back. So they no longer have to go through that. Okay. Big time cream team update. I'm, I'm excited. Yeah. Very Excited. I might eat more in the winter. I might too. I Love ice cream in the winter. Yeah. Especially 'cause you get to wear a sweatshirt. Yeah. So you don't have to feel fat after old. Do you wanna wrap us up? You gotta fire fest. I Was gonna say 'cause you're, it, it doesn't make you cold. Oh yeah. But that, that too. That's a great point. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Lego. That ice cream machine sounds really, really good.


Yeah. So I don't know if it's my room to step on any toes or get excited about this, but like what if we got sauces on the side? We're gonna do toppings on Fridays. Oh. Just toppings Fridays only. I think Sprinkles every day. Toppings Friday. Yeah. Because then, then everyone Expect, what's That? Hey, that's too much high expectation. If they want it every day, that's too much. Yeah. Right. You only get on Fridays if you don't wanna show up on Friday, guess what? You ain't getting toppings. You get no toppings. That we get the the No, I I know you, you guys know me. I know me and I know I'm being resistant and I know, but once I start, once I enjoy a cone, I'm eating like 20 cones a week. Yeah. That's bad. Right? No, but that's what's what we need's. That's what we need. Need. That's a great life. Yeah. That's what the quota is. The quota has to be at a certain point and I think you're eligible and totally capable of finishing this off in seven days.


Wait, Let me ask you this, Hank, do you think there's ever been someone on their deathbed who has said to themselves, man, I wish I hadn't eaten all that ice cream. Probably actually. Yeah. Maybe like someone who like dies of heart failure. Alright. But do you think that's a bad question. Strike that from the record. No, because I think they're like worth it. Yeah. That's probably other stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Right. But do you think, has anyone ever been like, Ooh, I I, you know what I need to do is eat less ice cream? Do I think people, yes. Okay. These are bad questions. Help me out. PFT. Well no was a, it was a bad answer. I think that people would, that are on their deathbed that have heart trouble. They're like, I wish I hadn't smoked those cigarettes. I know. They're probably like those cigarettes.


Yeah. Alright. Alright. Here, here's the question. Easy question. Ice cream. First word that comes to your mind. I Cream. No, that's Two Words I was hoping you were gonna say like good. Awesome. Love it. Summer ice cream Good, right? Yeah. Do you want more good things dessert or less good things more? There you go. There It is. No, I know. I mean What if, what if we got the Choco taco shells And we did Taco Tuesday? Mm. So you could do that. We could absolutely do that. Alright. It's a cherry salsa. Oh, Do you got a fire fest? Yeah, I got a fire fest. There's always something bumping. There's always something grinding. I appreciate you guys. Everyone here everywhere across the stool.


Max just pulled this Arm. I'm just trying to tell my story. Yeah, tell your story. Do your whale. And he's grabbing me and mulling me over here like it's not nice. Speaking of that was kind of what almost happened to me. So I appreciate you guys. You the boys from the Chicklets threw me down there. Game six. Yeah. In their barn. I came in live. Let's go. I met up with memes. Dale Beauty, he was my camera guy. I went down there solo. Dolo, great Moves. You had awesome moves behind the glass. I thought they were phenomenal. So I'm dancing on the glass, having a good time, firing up the boys, getting them in the kitchen. Gotta go. Busy. Busy. All of a sudden the next thing you know, security's telling me, Hey buddy, you can't be doing that. You gotta go buddy. I'm just having a good time on the glass. Like, what do you mean?


Oh, and all your shirts aren't done. You can't be doing that twerking buddy. We're in the state of Florida. Yeah. Everyone here is topless. I've seen more thongs today than I have in the last three years up in Canada. So what are you telling me? I can't let my shirt on. It sounds like sexism. Yeah. Yeah. I was so, I was like, I was so like, okay, so I'm talking with the guys all good. He's like, what the fuck? I was like, what the fuck? So I'm like, why does this happening to me? So I'm fucking, now I'm pissed. I'm like, okay dude. Like I'm just trying to have a good time. I'm not harming anyone. So we're all in the group in the console thing he's telling me. So I said, guys, it's all good in the hood. So he walks away, I, I start walking away. Me and memes to go grab another cold one quick. People are coming old. The oldie the guy when they're all green. K nine security dog.


They Got the dog on you? No, it's the guy in all green. But he's in like a canine suit. It just says canine pass. Oh, okay. I was gonna say the dog would probably like sniff you and die. Oh, he would've been hungry. He would've passed right out on him. They would've thought what happened to it? Little Poochie, he's done. So I'm standing there, we walk away, all of a sudden he comes up to me, Hey motherfucker. Did you hear what I said? You do that down the glass again and you're fucking out here. I said, Hey sir, listen, I apologize. I told the guys I'm sorry you all good. He goes, no, you didn't hear what the fuck. I said, I'm gonna drag your ass out here pal. And you're gone. Okay brother, my bad. All good. I appreciate you. Go ahead. No big deal. Second period comes on, Bowies are buzzing, the leaves are going. Next thing you know, I see this guy comes back in between the second and third of the mission.


Right away comes up to me. I thought, oh fuck, here we go again. What did I do now? Hey, hey man, I'm really sorry about that. I wanna apologize. I didn't realize who you were. I said what? I said, Are you fucking shitting me pal? You were ready to spear tackle me right through this brick wall. You Were hungrier Than the fuck. You haven't looked like you're eating in a long time. So he power chipped and he just like, just apologized. I appreciate all good man. All good ahead. I'm thinking to myself, you mother dog meat, you were going. He was ready to drag my ass Out. And he, and he was an oldie fan. He was an oldie fan. The next thing you know, they told him who I was. That's fine. Second, a clearance. Third period comes up, the boys are buzzing. We're up two nothing. Yep. Or we're up one NI went to the glass.


Gotta I go shirt open, let's go. Yeah, let's go. So I'm like, I'm like this. I'm like this. Let's go. I got the boys busing out there. All of a sudden the guy comes up, I go back and sit in my seat. It's hot in here. I gotta leave this off. So he guy comes back up and the next thing you know, he comes up, Hey, come over here. I said, no, no, I'm not going anywhere sir. The usher again the third time. I'm not going anywhere sir, please. And then the cop comes, Hey, come on over here. I said, listen officer, I don't want to go anywhere, brother, please, I want to stay in the barn. He goes, listen, you're a beauty. You're doing a good thing, but he's not kicking you out. I'm venting for you. I got you. I said, officer, please man, I ain't doing nothing wrong.


We go walk upstairs, have another conversation. Third time shooting the shit. All of a sudden we're talking. Next thing you know, I'm apologizing. I appreciate the sir shaking his hand. He goes, Hey Kay, no more. I said, I promise. No more shirt off. So as I'm walking away, everyone thinks I got booted, right? Yeah. I see Twitter people sending me outta here. My old lady texting me, are you gone? Are you okay? I said, no, I'm good. I'm good baby Carol. I'm good. Next thing you know Max, where you going? Max? Come back, max. Come back Max. The next thing you know we're upstairs. I'm shaking his hands here. I apologize. All good. Okay man. Just enjoy the go of the game. So memes, it's catching it on the whole video. And you know how there's the drape curtains, you know how there's the drape curtains there? The little crossover. So I walked through the drape curtains after I said, okay buddy, take care.


I looked around, I said, you can't cook a good vibes. Let go. Busy, busy. They tried to boot me three times. So no dice, you ain't kicking me out here. Where'd I end up? Right on the glass level. There we go. Cheering on the buds. Telling them, let's go. Scotty Lawton giving me the fist pump. I'm fired up. It is so wicked in there. We got her going. The buds came and the fire fest is, I went back for game seven. Yeah. And I tried my best and unfortunately they couldn't pull through for me. No. But yeah, I, I got my ass almost Aled, even in Toronto that another guy, I'm dancing on the glass. One usher comes up, Hey, you can't be doing that buddy. I said, sir, I'm having a good time. Five minutes into the warmup dance, another guy comes in, usher, Hey, you're gone buddy.


You're gone. His name I, I think his name was Richard. I looked at him, I said, Hey listen Richard, no problem, I'm gone. No, no you can't be doing that on the glass here. I said, listen, I'm with the guys. They got me ticks. I'm out here bumping Grind out here. So the guy that got me the ticks, he said, Hey, no, these guys are good. They're with us. We're with the Scotia Bank. All of a sudden, security walks down. I said, oh fuck Ollie, it might be another one kicking kicked outta my own barn. He comes to the guys security, goes to the usher, talks to them, Hey, don't touch him. He's good. The Security guy's a made guy. Security guy walks away all of a sudden, 'cause there's all these people crowded there are filming and getting excited and all You just hear Old D. Old D. And then I, so I just inspired and embraced it. I said, let's go old D Right back down when the glass burn and turned.


Oh and I got shell shock. But yeah, that was a little bit extended fear fire fest. But that's really life. Really. That Was awesome. Yeah. Awesome. You can't keep You Okay. Numbers all. Alright, we'll finish the show. Oldie always great having you. Appreciate You, love you all. You have the Tease. Love You all. Let go boys. Bump and grind. Numbers 35, 17 3. Oldie. What's your number? Oh, I gotta go back to the roots. It's gotta be four. Come on. It's gotta be my number. It's gotta hit Max. What number? One. One for Max. I'm going three memes. Did you say a number? 30 What? 99 P said 30. 21. It's gonna be Nasher. If it's Nasher again.


Oh, Nasher again would be all time. Pug. Looks like he's gonna cry in there. I saw Pug give a look I've never seen in my life. Oh, 95. Ooh. Shane looked like a dad that thought he smelled weed. He love you guys. There you go. Busy, busy. Let go.