
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music.


On today's part of my take, we have two awesome interviews. We got Lane Johnson for who? For the people. Lane Johnson, who's gonna be playing in the Super Bowl on Sunday. We went and visited with him, friend of the program, friend of the program, future Hall of Famer. Also special in that, in that Lane Johnson interview. Max's speech from Monday night from our dinner. Then we have Jameis Winston, one of our favorites who also stopped by. Great interview with him. We are going to talk a little more Super Bowl week Hot Seat. Cool Throne FAQs. It's Super Bowl Week baby. And it's brought to you by DraftKings. Have you played pick six from DraftKings. What are you waiting for? You better get on it. It's Super Bowl 59. The last chance to play NFL Pick six this season. And as the official daily fantasy sports partner, the NFL DraftKings does fantasy sports like no one else play for better payouts on pick six. It's super easy to get started. Download the DraftKings. Pick six app. Select two or more players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat like which QB will throw For more than two tds. Or which running back will rush for less than a hundred yards. Or which linebacker will have more than one sack. It's just that easy. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. And DraftKings is making it even sweeter. For first timers, new pick six customers play $5 to get $59 in. Pick six credits. There's no tomorrow. It's the last chance to jump in. Now to the new most fun way to play fantasy sports this season. Download the DraftKings Pick six app use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5, get $59 and pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Agent eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdraw. Pick six credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go. I love guys who like football and guys who like football like me back and I like them back. And even guys that don't like football, they try to get Football. Football. Welcome to part of my take. Presented by draft. There's no tomorrow, it's the last chance to jump in. Now to the new most fun way to play fantasy sports this season.


Download the DraftKings Pick six app use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5. Get $59 in, pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, February 5th. And it's max week. Max week. Max week. Episode two. Third week bird week, week, First week to the Max. Max. Week week, episode two. So we're here in Nola. We had the media night on Monday night And what a night it was. Yeah. Really the only thing that came of note from it I think was there was a couple troll questions. Who would do that? Who would do a troll question? Disgusting to Travis Kelsey and Patrick Mahomes. The, the Kelsey one. I think he was actually pissed. Did you see it? Well, I saw a couple questions.


There was one reporter that asked him, like, back to back Taylor Swift questions. He was like, back to back. That's nuts. Yeah, that's crazy. He Or someone said to him, what do you love more Taylor Swift or Phantom 15 yard roughing. The passer penalties. And he just was not That's that's A funny question. That's A good question. That's fair. And then someone asked Patrick from Holmes who his favorite ref was. That's also good. Yeah. And he said he was gonna check and find out what the guys The NFL released, I think at the ref's, the NFL Ref Association. I'm pretty sure they have like a union. They released a statement saying they they take an enormous amount of umbrage at all the accusations that they've been favoring The chiefs. Yes. Enormous amount. Roger Goodell said it as well. He's like, it's crazy.


These conspiracy theories are nuts. Also, we found out from Roger Goodell that we might get a flag football league soon. Yeah. So he said they're, they're working on it. And then Florio reported that they're not just working on it. It's like Happening. It's already gone. How About a league where they hit harder? Yeah. It blitzed the league. Yeah. What you should have said there, Hank is Flag Football league. We already have that. It's called the NFL. Yeah. Yeah. But I listen, I I'm not, I I've, I've always, they're got a big head. You don't realize that they're gonna event like this is a long game. Yeah, it's true. This is what they're gonna do. What about if you like flag football, they're gonna be like, whoa, here's all I'll say is that if they do it no more regular football, if they do it correctly, it would be like a perfect, like, I wanna say may like just do like a three day tournament with all the players.


I would watch that For flag football. Yeah. Yeah. I'd watch that too. If it Was the NFL players playing, I would watch that. I I like where Hank's head's at though. Maybe instead of a league where they hit harder. A league where everyone has weapons. Mm. Yeah. Like you actually have a baseball bat as a linebacker. They Are, imagine if they do an actual flag football league and they figure out a way to do like a roughing, the passer from Mahome. 'cause they took his flag too Hard. Yeah. It's max week. Max Week. It's max week Earth Week. My body is probably two thirds gumbo. Love that. Just swollen. We're feeling good. Yeah. We're exper We're we're sitting in New Orleans right now. What could be better than this? The air was thick today. Just could drink the air. Feels good.


Max. Delicious. Air Max and Hank, you guys were out on Bourbon Street last night. How was that? Yeah, fun. It was fun. Yeah. Hand grenades fun. Love this place. You're just locked in. Yeah, I'm trying, I'm trying to win a Super Bowl. That's All I'm thinking. So locked in. He's All I'm thinking about Is going super. He's he's basically doing the marsh on for us Now. Yeah. I'm just here to win a super Super Bowl. No, I said, I said I had fun on Bourbon Street, but it's Super Bowl. Other big story from Goodell's press conferences. We are, we have done it boys. We Did it. Congratulations. We ended Racism. No more end racism in the end zone. It only took four years. Yep. That's what's crazy. It's like it should accomplished how long since the end of the civil war. What was that? 18? When that 1865. 61 to 65. 1865 until 2021.


We didn't have end racism painted in end zones. And then 2021 we decided let's do something. Yeah. Let's fix this. And we we fucking painted that shit in end zones And we did it And we put it on the backs of helmets and now racism's dead Done. See racism now I think it's gonna say it takes all of us To do what? Anything. Okay. To continue to not be racist. Yeah. To Continue to ignore all the freak events that are happening that Hank is not Ignoring. Yeah. Takes all of us. One of them says like, you're the one sending them to me now. That's all you do all day. Yeah, exactly. Choose love. I don't is that another one? Choose Love Is also gone. Choose love is gone. We're choosing hate. Okay. I meant, but we're about calling it time out to hate.


Oh, we're calling time out to hate now. Well, When you call it time out to hate, you're basically timing out and then being like, let's hate Yeah. So that you can get better at hating when you get back. Yeah. Time out to hate. That's what Hank does. Yeah. Time out to hate would be great if it was, if they did that actually in the game where it's the announcers could just be like, fuck everything. This is bullshit. Yeah. All right. Time back in. All right. And we're back and it's 14, 13. Great game being played. My Guys are a little bit winded. We need a, we need to call a time out. They're gonna go out there and they're gonna be really fucking nasty. The big news though, the NFL news is Miles Garrett has requested a trade. So Cleveland Browns fans sucks for them. They tried to do a protest.


Two people showed up at the stadium, which I actually say kudos to Cleveland Browns fans because you protesting a guy asking to be traded in the middle of February. Like, good job Cleveland Browns fan. You're not gonna just be like, oh. 'cause you know what would happen if a thousand people show up, then it becomes like a viral meme of look how stupid Browns fans are. So I I I am, I defend Browns fans in this is like, don't show up to that. It sucks. I feel bad for Browns fans, but also Miles Garrett, he does probably have a few good years left and he wants to win a Super Bowl. I Would say he's probably in his prime right now. He's 29. He's Still really fucking good. I Saw someone did a stat of like Aaron Donald's, I can't remember who else was on it.


Khalil Mack. And it was like after 20, 29, 30, like you might get like one or two really good years, but they will tail off. But the crazy, he had what, 14 saxes here? Yeah. And he had it on a team that stunk. Yeah. Offensively. No, he's still very, very good. So it's not like he was on the field in a lot of like, you know, late game pass rush situations. Yeah. He's still got 14 seconds. I think he's like in his prime solidly right now. Who is he gonna go to? I think he might be that boy might be Kami. Yeah, I think so. I think so. You don't want that Max? Oh, we're talking about next year. Yeah, talk about next year. Got it. What are you talking about? I'm, I'm still playing this year. Yeah, but no, but a couple minutes ago you were saying that he might be a bird.


Well, I mean, that's what people are saying, but I'm worried about this year. He's worried about, I'll let you worry about Next year. Where do you think Miles Garrett's gonna end up? I probably eagle. That was, that was way easier than I thought it would be. No, I think, yeah, I think it, it would make sense for the guy. I, it would make sense for the commanders. It would make sense for the Bills. Patriots Bill, it's Bill, Patriots, commanders, Packers, Eagles, Patriots. I've seen the Bears around. I don't want the Bears to trade for him. Not that he's not good, but the Bears have too many holes. But it feels like a team. More like a Packers'. Eagles commanders', bills Patriots. You guys have a lot of holes too. Yeah. He can be a big, big Fill for those holes. He keep, that man can fill the hole. He can fill hole. I've seen him in the sweatpants.


He Can fill a hole. And also Cooper Cup is getting traded, which that was kind of crazy that he just, I feel like they probably weren't happy that he announced that. Well, no, it was the team decided to trade him. Yeah. Yeah. So, and he announced it and so he was like, they've decided to move on from me. Right. I'm letting you guys know. It's not my, it's not my call. It's your call. Yeah. So, yeah, I was looking at his numbers too. He obviously had that great 2021 season. One of the best seasons of any wide receiver of all time since then. Hasn't really been a top tier wide Receiver. And he's, I think $20 million or something Like that. Yeah. So I, I don't know. I don't know how that's gonna work out. I mean, I think he's still pretty good commie. He could be a commie. Yeah. Fuck it. Spread the love around.


Spread the wealth around Wood. Hank maybe a Patriot. Maybe Patriot. Yeah. Well, Belichick's not the coach anymore. You would get Cooper Cup in a second. Yeah. I do feel bad for Browns fans though, because Miles Garrett, you, I don't, I mean, you went to the Playoffs a couple times, but you wasted his prime. It sucks. It's, Or just once they go Once. Yeah. Just once. It sucks if you're a Browns fan because it does tie into the Deshaun Watson trade. Yep. Everything they gave up for that guy and it was as bad a move as you could ever make. And it's also, I don't know, the cap makes no sense to me. It never will, but they're way over the cap. And if they trade him, I think he still carries like an insane cap hit. So yeah. I don't know what the Rudolph about that.


Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know how that works out, but I feel like two first round picks, that seems like a fair, a fair deal for Those guys. Yeah. It was Cleal Mack was two first round picks. Yeah. Two first round picks. Seems like a, a good deal. I would, I would love for him to be a commander. I would absolutely love that. I want Miles Sct so bad. Okay, So sign up to Kids. Come to DC Miles. I know you're listening to the show. Come on Miles. Appreciate you. Don't listen to your boy Chris Long. He is gonna feed you a bunch of nonsense about the birds. Don't listen to him. He's high. He's stoned. He's not making any sense. He's not, not me. He's not. I am, I'm clear minded of sound, body and mind. Sober miles. Come to DC we'll treat you so good, buddy. We also had more reports from the Luca trade and it just gets dumber and dumber.


This guy should be in, in and person. Nico Harrison. The, the big report came out and they basically did what we predicted where they were like, Luca's Fat and he's so fat And we can't have him sign an like the i the quote that stuck out to me. They were like, yeah, we didn't know if he was gonna sign the supermax. And we were kind of like half hoping he wouldn't. It's like, what the fuck? Yeah. It makes no sense. So yeah, Nico Harrison did this all at a coffee shop with Rob Blink and Rob Blinko essentially just heisted him and pretended like, oh man, I, I know this is so difficult for you. Like, we'll keep this under wraps, just the two of us. And it was like, and then He Happened.


He is like, whoops, we got the best trade ever. Aw. Do you think that Rob Poka, in those meetings, the thought occurred to him that maybe this is an episode of punk. Like is this a hidden camera show? Seriously? Like I'm just gonna try to play it cool. And, and Rob Poka did like the, He's like, eh, he is kind of fat. You're right. Yeah. Nope. The Whole like, oh, well the Chris Paul trade got out when David Stern, you know, you know, put a squash to it. The Anthony Davis trade got out the first one from the Pelicans. And like that ruined a lot of vibes. Like, we gotta keep this tight. We can't let anyone know just for the sanctity of this trade. And Nico's like, you're right, you're so right. We cannot tell anyone. And then it hits the airways. There was like, they're, the MAs are giving back $2,000 refunds for anyone who wants to cancel their season tickets.


Credit to them. They know that's How bad this trade is. That's that's a good front office that knows how to take care of their fans. If I was a mass fan, I would, I would, I would never get get over it. I would never get over it. No. Like you, the only Guy literally deserves to be in prison. The only it was, it's malpractice. Yeah. The only way you could reasonably get over it is if like, Luca ends up being like 320 pounds. Yeah. You gotta hope he gets real fat. But also, but you don't wanna root against Luca. Yeah. You don't wanna root against you got like, you don't nothing against Luca. It's also Insane that everyone keeps saying the two 70. He isn't he like six eight? Yeah. Yeah. Two 70. Not that big. Yeah. Max. No. Right. That was, you're worried about the Super Bowl. So you're worried about Super Bowl. Yeah. No, he's just upset. I am. I'm upset. I am upset.


Yeah. The the Luca thing, the fact that that Dalton Connect was even tossed out there and the Lakers were like, ah, no. You know, including Dalton Connect. I think that kills the deal. And the Mavericks were like, oh fuck, they're gonna walk away. Yeah. Okay. I'll say yes. Luke is six six by the way, and his listed weight is two 30. He Is not two 30. That's pretty awesome. But yeah, he, he, he did his press conference. He was like, I was just as shocked as everyone else. I thought it was April 1st. There was that sad story that he just bought a new like $15 million house. So shit to Ru Luca. That's brutal. That's really bad. Yeah. He's gonna have to sell that house. It Did seem that the gm Nico was like, just trying to avoid doing more work this summer. Yeah. And next year.


Yeah. Because I, You know, it's a, it's a hard conversation. Do you want to commit this much money to him? Didn't really feel like going through that discussion. So I just got him off my table. Yeah. Didn't want, just didn't want him to gain a single more pound. There was a funny story that Harold Bob went on a podcast. He used to work for the Mavs and he said his first time going to the Mavs facility, Luca was working out in a sauna suit. And then after the practice they got catered by Tex-Mex and Luca filled up like a huge like jug with just sweet tea and lemonade. It's The, the Burt er with Kool-Aid, right? Yeah. But it's just, you knew this was gonna happen. They were just, I Thought you were gonna s slim say queso.


Like No, I thought when he was telling the story, I thought the same thing. I was like, oh, did Luca just walk away with like a gallon of queso? Yeah, That would, that'd be awesome. But yeah, they, they then banned sweet tea and lemonade from the practice after that. So they just, they don't wanna let the guy fucking Live. You know, it's interesting, the double standard the media has when LeBron James puts on nine pounds during an NBA game, we all talk about what a freak athlete he is. When Luca puts on nine pounds during a practice, it's like, oh, this guy's got a problem. This guy's got a weight problem. Yeah. It's, I I don't like the slander on Luca. He's, he did Wear a fat guy outfit today. He had the, the button up shirt and then the sweater over top of that. Yeah. So the button up was holding his physique in and then the, the cardigan was covering it all up.


Yeah. It, it would be very funny if he just showed up day one for the Lakers. It was in the best shape ever. Like chiseled six pack. Apparently LeBron called him right away and said, I under, he said, I understand what you're feeling. How does LeBron understand what he's feeling? LeBron has literally decided every, every step of his, that's the opposite of what you're feel like understanding what you're Feeling. Yeah. How does, There was a, a report that Lakers tried to trade him to the Warriors last year, and Rich Paul was like, no. So I don't know how LeBron understands what Luca's feeling, I guess in the grand sense. Like maybe he just has empathy or, Oh, actually, you know what, it was this, 'cause when the story broke, LeBron was at dinner, so he probably was like, I don't understand what you're feeling.


I'm full too. Yeah, Yeah. You and I were not so different. Luca. Oh yeah. We, I have to take a shit Luca. I understand what you're feeling. Yeah. I think if the Mavericks win the, the NBA title this year, that would be awesome. And then if the Lakers won the NBA championship, like for the three years after that. Yeah, that would be very funny. Yeah. So yeah, shout out Luca for the $15 million house. That's brutal. You know, he just moved. I mean, moving does suck. I'll say that. Yeah. Even as, even as a guy who makes it all like, has over 200 million in the bank, it doesn't matter. Moving sucks. Yeah. So $15 million. I thought it, I thought his house would be more expensive than that. You Think so?


It's cheaper in Dallas also. I don't know. Like once You get to Yeah. What are mansions like in, in Dallas? Hank? They're nice. Are they? There's a lot of 'em. Yeah. Got a Pool. Better price for 'em. Yeah. He's got a pool. Pool. Hot tubs. Yeah. The, no, the drywall work is shoddy to say the least. Oil. Oil. Oil, Oil. Good point Max. Yeah. Yeah. Great job. Max. Was that a fat comment for Luca? No. Fried Food that was, I think he was literally meaning oil. Oil. Like oil money. Okay. All right. Yeah. He Didn't complete the Sentence. Yeah. You just said to oil, I was thinking about oil, Big oil. The dumbest, the dumbest trade ever. I, I don't really know how it's, how it could, it's just still like, I thought that after two days there would be a little more clarity and it would be, I was expecting there to be like a Luca injury we didn't know about It really just boils down to Nico.


Harrison's a moron and they were scared that Luca was gonna keep gaining weight. It also could be trying to get a favor from la Then they have to deal with it in the summer. The Casino. Yeah. Have to deal with it. Which try The casino that the Maverick's owner wants to build. Yeah. Yeah. Or the ratings in LA thing makes sense too. Well there's also, but that, that's a conspiracy. And I don't want to go down that road, but it's like you trade, you know, league ratings are going down. There's issues. You trade the best player to the biggest market international. That helps. What Was the casino? I, But that's a conspiracy. Dallas. That's, that's bad to go down this roads. Yeah, but it's not la It's not la What was the casino conspiracy? So the casino conspiracy is that the owner of the Mavericks wants very badly to build a casino in Texas. Right.


Like at the site of the Mavericks state. Okay. I heard a, there's two casino conspiracy state. Okay. So I wanna hear yours. I'll Tell you mine. Alright. So, so he wants, he's on the record. He's lobbying in the Texas state legislature, which means it meets for six months, once every two years. They do all their work in those six months and then they just, they just go away and they don't do anything for a while. So if you wanna to get anything done in Texas, Hank Wants to be a legislator so bad. Yeah, You should, you should work in the Texas state legislature. Hank I'm down Worked on that. Yeah. Are they on, are they on Indeed Step number one, get established residency in Texas. You know, any houses that you could live in. Okay. He's Already got as any mansions in There. Yeah. All right. So yeah, big footprint for Hank in Texas already.


They do all their work in six months and they go away and they fuck off for a while. The owner of the Mavericks has been lobbying to get this casino built and to lobby for like, legalized sports gaming and for gambling in Texas. The legislature's like, yeah, fuck it. We don't really feel like doing that because we might lose some votes. So we're not gonna do the whole gambling thing. That pissed off the owner of the Mavericks. Now the conspiracy is the Mavericks owner wants to send a good player to LA to get on the good side of the Lakers because they're like the most powerful voice in the NBA. So in a couple years he could threaten to move the Mavericks to Las Vegas where they have legalized gambling.


So, so the conspiracy theory that I read kind of blends into that one where it's the Mavs are the owners of the Mavs are basically trying to alienate the fan base so much. Yeah. That the NBA will eventually add two more teams and the Adelson's, I think their name is, will move the Mavs to Las Vegas. And then there'll be a expansion franchise called the Dallas Mavericks. Yeah, no, that's, that's pretty much the same thing. Yeah. Yeah. But they, it's like the NFL used to do this until there was a team in Vegas. It was always great having Las Vegas without a team. Yeah. Because any owner, anytime they wanted money from, you know, when the billionaires, they don't wanna pay for their own fucking stadiums. You can bleep that out.


They would say, yeah, well we could maybe move to Las Vegas. Right. And then the local community would be like, yeah, I guess we have to give you all the money for our schools. Yeah. Which Kinda The same thing. Yeah. Which, yeah, the la yeah, like you said, the LA Thing. Which in fairness, would you rather have a good school system or a winning football team? Hmm. Winning Football team. Winning football team. Yeah. Winning Football. I don't know why I paused for So long. No, I'm not in school. I was thinking about my kids for a second and I was like, Nah, it's better if your kids are dumb, you can trick 'em. Your Kids can root for football. Just YouTube. Just give 'em YouTube. They can learn football, math. Yeah. Yeah. Just log 'em into x.com. The better your football team is, the more numbers they Freaking packets. Yeah. They are the media. Alright, should we do Hot Seat Terone and get to our interviews?


Two awesome interviews. Lane Johnson and Jameis Winston.


Hot Seat. Terone is presented by Gametime, the official ticketing partner. Barstool Sports, Hot Seat, big ticket. The big ticketing companies that make getting tickets to NFL playoff games. A real hassle. Cool. Terone. You game time's. Got your back score last minute. NFL playoff ticket deals and save. See your seat before you buy on time. Ticket delivery guaranteed lowest price guaranteed. Max is going to the big game with Gametime. With Gametime, with Gametime. So win the ticket game when you use promo code Hot Seat for $20 off your first purchase with Gametime terms. Apply, use promo code, Hot Seat. All one word for $20 off your first purchase with Gametime. Think you to Gametime the exclusive ticketing partner of partial sports.


All right. Hot Seat. Cool. Throw on Hank. My Hot Seat is the MLB Oh Oh. Okay. And I'm not a, I'm not a, I'm not a conspiracy guy. No, I'm, I'm just chill. Just, you know, five out. We had no bridge. Let life happen. Whatever happens, happens. Este Lavie the dolphins. But if you were a conspiracy guy, you might be like, this is fucking insane. The MLB had to fire a ref because he was umpire sharing a ref, sorry, umpire. He was sharing a gambling account with another gambler who was gambling on baseball, including the games that he was umpiring. Was it like his brother or was it just a friend? I'll say It. Professional poker player friend. I'll Say it. Oh, wow. Yeah.


This, they should fire him. You think Sharing a gambling account is is a felony? Yeah. Like, not even just legally. I'm just saying that's the most psycho thing I've ever heard. You, you having to track everything. You bet. And then all your, everything your friend bets. That's crazy. And then if you, if you hit a couple bets, then your friend tells people like, Hey, look at all these bets I hit. That's insane. And he takes credit for your wins. That's insane. Blames For the losses pre-crime. But he said he never bet on baseball directly or indirectly. Don't care. You shared a gambling account. That's weirdo behavior. But that account did bet on baseball games that he was reffing, right? Correct. But also just like, you don't, even if the MLB was like, like we don't even care about the whole betting part or the baseball thing. We can't have people employed by us who think it's okay to share a gambling account.


Yeah. It makes no sense. Makes no sense. I think no Sense. I Think it's like old school when like, I, like way back in the day when my friends would text me being like, can you put this in for me? I'm like, no, because then it, when you win, I'm just gonna have to pay you because I lose all the time. Yeah. I mean, shout out to, to to, to light switch Lou, because I used to not gamble as much money, so he would just let me bet on his account, but then I never really had to pay because they'd be like, oh, well that's just rolling. Yeah. Yeah. Baseball and empires are frauds anyways. I used to think they were all fat. Yeah. Because they wore the chess protectors. Yeah. I think they used to be fatter back in the day. They Did. They've gotten a little bit in shape. I Don't like that, but probably nothing. Yeah. But probably nothing. Yeah. Wait, did he Well, no. I, I I, there's something there. He, I don't want weirdos umpiring baseball Games.


Was he the umpire for any like significant games? I did not say in the article that I read. We gotta go back and Check that. It'd be funny if he shared the GA account with Shhe Or ipe. Yeah. Sharing. No, we're sharing a gambling account and you're like, Hey, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go umpire tonight. And I was like, Yeah. Hey, by the way, I'm betting the Orioles. Like Yeah. Yeah. We did all kind of stop talking about the Ipe shhe thing. Yeah. In put that one In jail. Yeah. Ipe, he's, he begged for leniency, I don't know, justice for Ipe. Maybe Possibly storm more to come Then my Cool Thrones Kendrick Lamar. Yeah. Okay. It was after we taped on, on Sunday.


But he won five Grammys. Five and Oh, not like us. Every Grammy that I was nominated for, he won Super Bowl halftime. Super Bowl halftime. He's having a Hell of a Week. Yeah. And the whole, the whole crowd sang a minor. Yeah. When they, when they played the song. It's pretty good. And Drake's, was it from a Drake song where he said Kendrick opened his mouth. Give him a Grammy. Yeah. That's tough. Someone give him a Grammy right now. That's tough. Yeah. And he's wearing a Canadian tuxedo. It's really, it really is. See that? And yeah, it was, it was like, oh, he won five Grammys always doing the Super Bowl in a week. Has there ever been more of a like blowout subjective loss? No. It's insane. No. That that the Kenrick Drake thing turned into like, obviously art is entirely in the eye of the beholder and different people can have differing opinions.


But in this one thing where people can interpret it, either any way they see fit, like this is as big of a blowout as you'll ever see. Ever. You have a dis track the record of the, like this is the best song of the year. Yeah. Yeah. In the entire, And we made the Song in like two minutes. Yeah. And here's the Super Bowl too. Yeah. You're gonna have everyone say probably you're gonna have people sing the pedophile line. Yeah. Yeah. It was like a nine nothing soccer victory. And three of them were own goals. Drake, Drake's probably, he has to basically release the best song of all time. I don't think it matters at this point. I think think he's, I think it, he's just cooked, disappear. I think Drake needs to sue everyone that's listened to the song. He needs to disappear and make the best song, best album ever.


That's like 10 of the best songs ever. And then maybe he has a chance. Yeah. Okay. PFT. Good Job, Hank. Good job. Are We gonna talk, are we're gonna mention the, the, the max story before the lane interview because he's on my cool throne too. Oh no. Well we Can Jalen Herz. Well. Oh. Oh yeah. We went to the east. That's very funny. Hotel today. What, what happened with Jalen Herz? We were, we were going to do Lane Johnson in the Yeah, we were Gonna go go do 'em. Going to interview Lane Johnson. Sorry. And Jalen Herz was walk, just happened to be walking by us in the hallway and Max like, like hid behind a column? No, like he was not supposed to be like he was Oh, Jalen hurts. Oh. And like hid behind a column and then kind of peeked his head out to like, look at him, walk by.


You were like in the bushes. It was so funny. Why, why, why were you? It was so Funny. I was scared. He's done merch collapse with Us. But It's, it was like he saw him and he was like, I was nervous. I was expecting to see him. We were, we were standing. Right. It started off, I just stared at him and then I think he saw me staring at him and I was like, this is awkward. And You got to your red eyes still. And I just got, I just got scared and went behind this little pillar Max with this red eye. Where's your eye gonna stop Being red? I don't know. Fucking keys race, man. So what'd you think when you saw him? He Looked strong. Yeah. Real Strong. Yeah. And he was walking. Well, Yeah, I analyzed the gate. He was walking, walking strong, walking Confidently. He had no sight of a limp.


He's gonna fuck shit up on Sunday. Yeah. Wait. In a good way. That's not really No. Like I came here to fuck shit up. Yeah. But fuck shit up. Could go No, go forward. I came here to fuck shit up. That's like a, that's what he saying. He's gonna hand the fuck out of the ball on Sunday And throw the football. He can do both And run the Football And run the football. He Can do everything And score the Football. He said he wanted, he said it's not the Toch portion, it's just a QB sneak. Yeah. So that Media Night Beast Beast love Beast. The Packer's president said, oh yeah. He hopes that it gets banned. I who I think I was having this conversation with Jerry. Does he have the best goatee in sports right now?


Oh yeah. Interesting. Embrace debate. Who Easily, Jill Hertz. We don't have a lot of relief. Picture goatees like we used to. No, that was like, it was part of the uniform code back. But these are nineties to pull off. Yeah, he he pulls It off. He does pull it off. You just passed over what PFT said. I Don't Remember what he said. The Packer's president is trying to get the Tush Push band. Yeah. They're pussies. Yeah. Agreed. It's football. Yeah. Be better. Be better. That's all I have to say. If you don't like the Tush Push, don't let him get into Tush. Push situations or stop it. Keep Or keep stop It. Keep breaking the rules until the referees threaten you with a touchdown. Yeah. Lane. That's what winters do. Didn't like That. No he didn't. No. Okay. Your Hot Seat tron.


Pt. My Hot Seat is the birds. Birds are on the Hot Seat. Mm. Ducks. Yeah, because like 300 dead birds washed up as shore. Don't worry about it. Lake Michigan in Chicago. They said it's bird flu maybe. Oh no, Bro. That's The circle of life, man. Yeah, yeah. It is. Comes for all of us. Carson Winz just hanging out. Do you think he just shot all of 'em? I don't know. That seems like a lot of dead ducks. What if Carson Winz has to play in this game this weekend? You're insane. Max has gone crazy right now. Oh my God. That would actually does Carson Beat? Unbelievable. I would almost, Oh my God. God. Oh, Carson Wentz Beat you despite the fact that like, I need the Eagles to win for everything.


Your favorite story on just drop. Yeah, I would, I would root so hard just, and that's to even say, but it would be so funny. $30,000. But like you said at the end of this show, being you in the Super Bowl would be, and it would also be like, 'cause then I could be like, well it's not even Patrick Mahome, he's a system quarterback. And we, we already taped FAQs earlier today and you were like, it can't get worse. Oh, that would be, That would get worse. I would come, that would be worse. You said that like in a good way. Like, oh man. No, I was just thinking about it. You said Carson went and I was like, oh yeah, Carson Wents plays for the Chiefs. Yeah. They rolled that little freak out there and he just drops 300 yards on you. What if he, what if Patrick Mahome goes out in the first quarter and then Carson Wentz comes in and and sprains both his ankles again and then still wins.


Tough guy. Yeah. That would stink. Would that be the biggest sports story ever, ever, Ever, Ever, ever, Ever. Bigger than Luca ever. OJ Nah, that's not a sports story. That's crime. It's kind of a sports story. No, Well he did, he he was athletic and fast. He's a Football player. NASCAR, maybe NASCAR. Yeah, max. That would be awesome. I hope. Now, now that's what I hope happens. Yeah, no, I don't, I hope that that doesn't happen. Okay. Sorry for, sorry for interrupting you there. Carson went Super Bowl. MVP. Oh, alright. What's your cool throne? My cool throne is litigation. Mm.


Because Pat Riley has struck a deal with the NFL. So the term three-peat is trademarked by Pat Riley from back when the Lakers did it. And anytime a, a team wants to use the term three-peat, they gotta pay Pat royalties and the chiefs, as we know, they didn't get A three Repeat by the way. He got it when they had two and they were going for their third and loss to the Pistons. Yeah. So, but he, he did trademark it. So yeah. Hank it is sick that anytime somebody uses that officially, it's crazy. You gotta kick up to the big man Pat Riley. So the chiefs obviously on the precipice of an unprecedented threepeat in the NFL and they struck a deal with the NFL that they can put it on merchandise, the term threepeat.


If the chiefs win, does that make you do Hmm. The fingers Max? The NFL seems like they wouldn't do this if they didn't already know that the chiefs were gonna win. What do you think about that Max? I don't know. I'm worried about winning And also A little about Carson once Yeah, We shouldn't, I shouldn't have said That. My other cool throne is style because I just downloaded the, the Temu app and you can just buy anything on there. It all costs like $12. And so I'm just going, I'm just gonna load up on the highest fashion since ever. And I thought you're doing new stuff. I thought you're doing new fashion. Yeah, but they got, it sounds like you, it sounds like the PFT of old dude. They got, they got high fashion oak couture on Temo designer brands.


I'm just gonna order memes. Want to get a couch? What? Designers? I don't know the gap. No, they're not, dude. You don't know about Temu. I'm gonna to get, I'm gonna be so swaggy when I get back from vacation. I'm gonna look like a new man. New clothes. Sean John. Yeah, whatever. Echo Unlimited. I Seans what? You're growing up Echo Unlimited. Get some? Yeah, some like ice. What was, what was Diddy's? I don't know. Fubu what? Sean John. Sean John Sean. Yeah. Oh yeah. I'm probably not gonna wear that. Yeah. Yeah. I did get oiled up the other day though. You did? I'm smoothest man. In the podcast biz. Alright. My pm MTV, My Hot Seat. PM pmm. TV. Watch it. My Hot Seat is college football because we have this from, there's a Twitter account called Board Geniuses, which is a great follow because they basically just get all the crazy conspiracy theories and everything from all domestic Courts.


It's nothing dude. No. Well hot, Hot Seat called football because I think this is from Pitt Panther. So it's from the Panther layer message board. It's called the Underground Talent Railroad. Step one, Self-Awareness. Pitt, Maryland, Syracuse, BC and Rutgers all take an honest look at themselves and think, wow, as college football programs go, we are freaking depressing. Step two, collusion. Well, individually we make our fans want to bathe with electronic appliances. Maybe we can be something collectively. Step three, teamwork. Let's create a network where we're all transparent with each other every fifth year.


Each one of us can take its turn. Having the A team in the first season PIT gets to have the 22 best players between the five programs. In the second season, Syracuse gets the best 22 and so on and so forth. We, we will use unlimited transfers to our benefit. And all players who commit to these five schools will be well aware of the deal in place. Playing on the A team in a given season will be a great privilege. Step four, Natty. I don't hate it. I love it. I actually don't hate it at all. I love it. I love it. And yeah. So what's is collusion even illegal? I don't know. Is It who's gonna enforce it? I Think you can collude, You can do whatever you want. Collusion and collabing point.


Good point. Yeah, they're Just collabing. Yeah, It's just a hardcore collab. The most ambitious crossover event of all time. Syracuse Pit. Who else? Syracuse. I minimized it. I think it was Syracuse Pit. Rutgers. Rutgers And Boston College in, I don't know who the fifth team was. Sorry. But in reality, if you were take like the Allstar teams from those schools and put them together on one team, I still don't think that they're going to See a national championship. Yeah, it's still probably, you probably would just get like a, a better bowl game. Maybe get into the playoff. Maryland was the other team. Okay. The underground talent railroad. Yeah. I don't know why they had to go there. Yeah, just stick with like serious collusion.


Yeah. Well here's another one for my cool throne. This just happened. Dennis Schroeder from the Warriors said the trade deadline is like modern slavery. Luca Doni deal shouldn't be allowed. I don't know what, how that would be My cool, well because he's had to play, he's had to play with like six teams in seven years or five years. That's, that was part of it. I'm not, because I've Had to play for five teams in six years. I'm not a history buff, so maybe you guys can help me. Did slaves get paid? No. Okay. Do NBA players get paid? They do. Probably not that much. I do. Yeah. I don't know. How is this quote, I'm trying to find Out. Did you get dunk sent?


No, no, no. It's on CBS sports. It's, it's quite a quote I think. I think what he was trying to say is that it sucks to get traded. It's like modern slavery. It's modern slavery. At the end of the day, everybody can decide where you're going. Even if you have a contract, you have, of course you make a lot of money And we can feed our families. But at the end of the day, if they say you're not coming to work tomorrow, you're going over there, they can decide that they gotta change that a little bit. I isn't That part of the contract? That's Yeah. And that's also how trades work. And There's also a thing is if you're good enough, you can get a no trade clause. Yes. Where you can control where you're going. It's kind of crazy that the organization can tell you, we want you to be team first, but you're going over there.


It's a lot. I feel like Dennis Schroer just figured out how sports work. Yeah, I mean that's It's a fair point. Yeah. To be like, yeah, it personally kind of sucks when you get traded. Here's another thing if you, I mean in the NBA, you have guaranteed contracts. So unlike a regular job where you can be fired and just not paid the NBA, even if you get traded, you still get paid. Yeah, it's true. So it's not a bad gig. What you say Mitch Dennis Schroeder all time bag Fumbler. All time What bag? Fumbler. Yeah. Yeah. He had the $12.4 million deal with the Lakers and opted out and bet on himself and got like a, a one point something million dollar Deal. That's gotta be real kick kick in the dick when you're like, I'd like to bet on myself. And then the casino tells you. Yeah.


Turns out you suck. Oh Shit. You bet on yourself. Oh, you're a loser. Yeah. Craps. Yeah. Damn. Max, do you have a Hot Seat drum? Yeah, mine are bad. Oh no. Should I say it? Yeah. Yeah. We're doing a podcast. I Actually will, I'm gonna say this. In defense of Max for the first time all week, I think he's actually locked in. I'm a little bit concerned about him though. You didn't Let me finish. Locked in on trying to fight off his hangover. That's not true. Not true. I asked him this morning if he went out last night. He goes, oh yeah. End of the show. I was pretty, we did the end of the show this morning.


Yeah. I was pretty hung over. You Look great now, now Right now I feel big. Yeah. The red eye is, is really healing. I I have a red eye. Hank has done thousands of podcasts with deep red eyes. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. So Hot Seat. Kevin Durant might get traded. Oh, That's, that was my Hot Seat. Okay. Okay. Per max. Wow. That's never Happened. No, they, they said that they're listening to phone calls on Kevin Durant. Got it. So, and there's, there's a bunch of guys that are doing that now. If Phone Calls for the Warriors are trying to trade the week of trade deadline. Yeah. No trade deadline weeks. I'll say this, I Got text from a random number that Jimmy Butler and Jay Rich are going to the heat confirmed and said this is a random source.


It's Real Butler's. He's on the heat. On The heat. I mean the sons, oh apologies. But Bradley Beal has to waive his no trade. Listen, this is what a random ass text sent me. Okay. Yeah. Good. I trust that guy. Okay, So Kevin Durant, there's, there's so, so the, So there's listening. So Kevin, it's the trade deadline and Kevin Durant might be traded. That's what they that's what people are Saying. This is an novel Concept. So it Paul George also the Warriors are trying to trade for Paul George. Oh, Okay. If Nico calls And Caleb Martin also got trade. Didn't Pelger just sign. Yeah. Get Caleb Martin outta the east. Fucking Yeah. What He just signed with the Sixers? Yeah, they traded him. Oh, Okay. Qu Grimes.


Alright. But you're just saying names now. Quentin Grimes and the Sixers. Yeah. Caleb Martin. I Mavs But Actually making me feel better. Yeah, he is. Are you cool Drum? If you get a call from Nico right now here at gm, I'm not like that. You're feel so excited to pick up that call. Yeah, Yeah, That's true. Like, that would be the, the best time for Nico to get a great trade off. Yeah. Because everyone thinks he's a fucking moron. Everyone said he got Fleed. Quentin Grimes is like younger and better than Caleb Martin. That's the big policing that they're talking about. South the killer Though. South the killer. True. All right. Yeah. Cool. Thrown us. Cool. Hank is right because we're not what you are right now. Wrong cool Throne giants.


Jameis to the Giants according to Saquon. Yeah. That's it. Done Ko play the ads. Alright, let's get to our interviews. Lane Johnson and then Jamis Winston. One very funny thing on the set, I don't know if you guys noticed this, but they made a, a license plate for part of my take in Louisiana and just says PMT licks back there because it's the Roman numeral. Oh, Okay.


Before we get to Lane Johnson, a quick word from our friends, it's Chevy. Chevy has packed more capability into the Silverado Trail Boss so that you can pack more fun into your weekend. Have yourself a fryer Saturday and Sunday with the truck that says no to nothing. Tailgates spontaneous camping trips. DIY projects. Bring it on. What about a cross country road trip? Silverado was the perfect ride for last year's grit. Week out west. Recently they helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man award. Well the Silverado Silverado Trail Boss is built like a fallback. We're talking 495 pounds of per foot of torque. Hold onto your sodas. Max plus a trail boss gives you an extra two inch lift. So maybe Hank can finally dunk. Silverado brings a grit, then pairs it with the all the latest truck tech inside and out the result. A truck that can do it all. Then show up on Monday with a story to tell. So learn more about the Silverado Trail boss@chevy.com Chevrolet. Together. Let's drive.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Mountain Dew. Grab a Baja blast Max, add a blast. A refreshing tropical lime flavor to your day with Mountain Dew. Baja Blast Mountain Dew. Baja Blast is part of my game day ritual. We get into the gambling cave every Sunday. We're gonna miss football Sundays. We're gonna miss the having the Mountain Dew Baja Blast with football Sundays. But we're gonna still drink Mountain Dew Baja Blast. It's the best way to sit down and enjoy a game. The big matchup, the tropical lime flavor Mountain Dew Baja Blast. As refreshing as hitting a parlay or a game-winning kick. Or 98 yard pick six max. Imagine this. Close your eyes. Super Bowl Sunday. You're in the stadium. The Eagles just gotta pick six. And then you take a swig of your Mountain Dew Baja Blast. Sounds, sounds like a dream. That might be, you might, you might reach Nirvana in that moment. Sounds like a dream. He's screaming at Jalen Hurts again. Yeah. Tell how much you love him. Yeah. Yeah. How much you love him. Yeah. How much you love him. Yeah. Ride the Baja Day for an endorsement. Ride the Baja Wave on game day and grab Mountain Dew. Baja Blast for you and your crew. Wherever refreshing beverages are sold.


Okay, here he is. Elaine Johnson. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very special guest. It is Future Hall of Famer Elaine Johnson. How's that sound? How's that sound? That sounds pretty good. Future Hall of Famer Elaine Johnson ahead of his third Super Bowl appearance here in New Orleans. Let's start with that. Three Super Bowls pretty crazy to go to. You have one, you're one in one. This is the tiebreaker. Yeah. I mean it's gotta feel pretty crazy, especially the fact that you've done it with like, I think I was reading it's like you and Jake Elliot and maybe one other person. BG and Rick. Yeah. Bravado. And so it's just like you guys are the holdovers from the Super Bowl win.


Yeah. And then you've been to another one and now you're here the third. That's, that's pretty cool. Yeah. I mean it's, the season takes so long to develop and play out, but you know, by the December you kind of know that your team's in a, in a good positive state. So man, we, we struggled a little bit early, but after that man, we were off and off and rolling and Yeah. Man, third, it's crazy. Yeah. I mean, you, you don't plan on it, but hey, while we're here, we're, let's have a good time to win this thing. You mentioned the struggle 'cause there was that story that during the bye week, you guys, who was it? It was you and, and, and a couple other guys went to Nick and were just basically like, Hey, like let's run the fucking ball. We can, we can pound this. And we're like, let's get, let's get this outta the mud. Right?


Yeah. I mean I think it was like similar to what we did in 21 when we played Detroit and went from like really throwing the ball heavy to like a lot of run play action and then sedo bust for like 70. It's like just, just tossing the damn ball. Yeah. Yeah. That's gotta feel pretty good. Yeah. Oh yeah. Like first play from scrimmage in the NFC championship game. It's like, okay, yeah, we're gonna do this, we're gonna roll on. Yeah, no, yeah. I mean it's, you never plan on it, but his ability to just, you know, and my ability to just head straight to the bench and when it's not even done as an older guy now, so I get kind of criticized from laziness. No, your Offensive line in that game. It was, it was impressive to watch.


Like, you guys are some tough motherfuckers. Well, some big, like, I'm like the second smallest jargons in myself. So we got some monsters. Yeah. I mean the way that that cam was playing, the way that Landon Dickerson was playing, especially after getting injured in that first half, like that was, you guys left it all on the field. It was, it was impressive. Yeah. Landon man, he might be the toughest guy. I know he's had, I don't know how many surgeries, but in college and then he could do the splits and all sorts. I got a video, y'all gotta see if I can have time to find it. Him at Jack Driscoll's wedding, him doing the fucking splits and the worm. Yeah. So I mean, if we have time, it's kind of not safe for work. But Wait, so when, when, when you see that when like Landon Dickerson and then Cam Jergens who like, you know, he, he's got the back injury, Landon goes out, does it make you all as like a unit, be like, we just gotta be tougher than everyone because you know, guys are playing like Cam Jergens was he, his back is like broken and he's like, all right, I guess I'm in, I've only, I've only seen him on a bow football for like the past two weeks.


Like sitting on the motherfucker like sprawled out at practice, what's to play. But he, But it's gotta make everyone feel like, oh yeah, we gotta just get even tougher. Yeah Man, those guys, yeah, they are. But I think just how was Stout coaches and just guys in the past, like Kels never missed a game, played lots of games and he always had something that was going on. But I dunno, it's part, it's part of the, it's part of the position I guess. Yeah. Are you feeling healthy? Because I remember last time in 2022 when we came to visit you Super Bowl week. Yeah. You had like six different injuries that should have sidelined anyone Else. Yeah. Pretty much had a C-section. Yeah, I know. You definitely downplayed it too. You're just like, nah. I'm like, Well, well no it wasn't like it hurt initially.


And then after a, a few weeks of, you know, kind of died down. But when after I had the surgery, the groin surgery was not good. Yeah. And you had your foot too. It was, you had a foot injury as well, I think going To that. Yeah. But it, yeah, but it was, it was major up there. Yeah. The pain little bit, a little bit north. Yeah. The pain Was north. So we're good now though. We're Feeling healthy. Yeah, we're good man. I feel. Yeah. No, no. Bruises, dinks, dents. Love that. That's good. So it was, you had a hernia, is that what It was? Groin. I tore my both groins. So my left both groins I to, I tore my left one in Dallas and they did the other side. And they said it was already, so, it must've been torn. I didn't know. Yeah. I mean, But my right side didn't hurt. It was on my left. Yeah. I feel like if you have two injuries, you can, your body only really focuses on one at a time, But, Right.


Like it's hard to feel pain in two places. I took it one day at a time, I Promise. Yeah. So wait, so you wouldn't have known that you already had torn your groin if you didn't tear the other part of Your groin? I think because, because I didn't, like, I wasn't in any pain, but that's crazy. When I felt the left one, it popped and I felt it roll up. It felt like a cramp. And then after the adrenaline wore up, wore off. Hey, it's wasn't a cramp. That's crazy. But you're feeling good now? Feeling Good now? Yeah. I still got scars, but Hey, Would you lie to us if you weren't feeling good now? No. I mean, other than this damn pinky, I've had 'em for three weeks. I don't, you know, I, I didn't get it X-rayed, but hey. Yeah. You can't do anything for a pinky. No. This is what it is. Just tape it up. Give it it a buddy Finger. Yeah. But buddy tape it, so. Yeah. Yeah. And, and are you, how many more years you got left?


'cause people keep saying I why? That's a story. Asking how much money, how much money they got left. Okay. Alright. I like that. That's a good answer. Like that. But you're not, I'm not retiring after this game. I said yeah. Okay. What if you, no matter what, what if you get Super Bowl MVP, That'd be Pretty sick. We'll give those guys a drug test and see. That would rock though. Siqua. Yeah. Sequan gets, I Got three touchdowns. Siqua gets 250 yards, but you have like seven pancakes on all those runs. You just dominate people. Offensive lineman, MVP. That'd be fun to see. Yeah, I might just take it from him eventually from his house. He wouldn't even know, you know what I'm saying? He's got so Many. Was there a part of you that wanted Saquon to play week 18, where you're just like, because I mean, it's Pretty damn cool. Yeah. No, we talked about it, but then like we had the year before AJ got hurt in that game when we had to go play Tampa and couldn't play.


So it's like we wanted the record, but hey, if you go out there and get something happens to Saquon, they're gonna be off with your head around here. Right. So your decision, yeah, I mean it's, it's Your year, but the way I see it, you look at, I feel like Carrie's matter. So he would've had needed 30 something more carries to do what Dickerson did for yards. But either way, it's like we're at a point in the season, it's like, okay, now two thousands in, in front of us. It's close, it's attainable, but it's not nothing that you plan on at the beginning of the season. Yeah. Yeah. Until he run runs for like two 50. Yeah. One game. You're like, Hey, fuck, he could really do this. And it's Crazy. 'cause you, you rookie year LaShawn McCoy. Yeah. And the record, and it felt similar like that, but I, I didn't even know they had a Russian record or a title that was a big, a big deal until he bought us some watches after that.


Like, oh shit. Yeah. I was like, that's a pretty big deal. Yeah. And to get he, how, how many yards did he finish up with this Year? He was 16 something I believe. For that Year. After. Yeah. It was, it was like a little over 1600. What about for this year? Lash for this year? Sha Shady, I think 2013. Yeah, 2013 or Saquon's would be what, 2003 yards or whatever? Yeah, it's 2005 because it was exactly a Thousands over Steven Chase. 1607 for Shady. 16. 2005. 2005. Okay. It is cool that he got in 16 games too. So you can say like, Hey, you can stack this up. This is an incredible season. Didn't they really just mess with the record book holders adding this extra game? I know, I know. I mean, damnit everything. It's about to be moved to 18, So Yeah. Yeah. So they, that's When you gotta get out. They Announced, they announced the Super Bowl dates today and in 2027, I think it's gonna be in la Yeah.


And it's gonna be on President's Day weekend. Oh. Which means probably 18 games. They worked at that point. Yeah. Yeah. They were scheming. They're Scheming. They care about player safety though. Yeah. Player safety first four, Post safety number one. Hey, I do have to wear that. The, the mushroom cap, the guardian cap over whenever I'm in practice, but in games I'm good. Does that help scientifically? Probably, yeah. But I don't know, it Maybe in practice it reduces some of the like small hits that add up, but Yeah. Yeah. But in practice, I mean we all, I mean run days, like Wednesdays when we pad up, we'll hit. And other than that it's mostly using hands. Yeah. So if you were to compare this Eagles team to the other two Eagles Super Bowl teams, who wins Like this team against the Nick Foles team?


Good question. Thank you. I don't know, it's hard to, that's Not really a good question. It's hard to compete with a man who speaks soft and carries a big stick. Yeah. Well said. All right. Do you, do you want some crazy Lane Johnson stats? Sure. Okay. Hold on. I gotta finish. Yeah, yeah. How they stack up. Well, I feel like we had like a blend of to be great for all three teams. I feel like we may be more talented than last year's Super Bowl. I don't know if this as talented as 17. That's still the best team until, you know, if we win this one, prove otherwise. So that's how I see it. But both you had like older vets, a bunch of young, like a know, like Qs, like just super freak rookies and Cooper.


So, And, and this is also, I mean, it's kind of similar. I know that it was a little different that the Patriots won a Super Bowl than lost to you guys than won a Super Bowl, but that would've been a threepeat and now you're trying to stop another Threepeat. Yeah. But either way they're, they're they, they're in the Super Bowl every year. Yeah. It seems like the five of the last six years. So Yeah, man. But with all those teams, they don't make, they don't make very many mistakes. Yeah. And they, I mean You Guys got tracks they're Yeah. What what you gonna do? Yeah. I remember we was it week one against the Ravens, the Chiefs. They were calling a lot of those false starts on the Ravens on the tackles. It was making sure it mine it was mine. And Jwan Taylor's fault for all this. Yeah. Yeah, That's true. Yeah, that's true. Do you think that the reps are gonna be out to get you?


Well, hell, I told him to go talk to my, my parole officer, Jason Peters, he's the one that told me how to fucking need to snap. Just call this number. He Like big dom on the sideline, just looking at the reps. Don't take care of a lot of that stuff. Yeah, yeah. Just go talk to Nam. Alright, You ready for the Lane Johnson sets? Let's Go On Sunday. Lane Johnson will become only the third offensive tackle in NFL history to make six Pro Bowls two first team all pros and starting in three Super Bowls. And the other two guys did it like 40 years ago. So you're the first guy to do it in 40 years. And then the crazy one, I'm sure you've seen it and I know it's a team game, but since you, since you got to the Eagles, when you're not on the field, the Eagles are 15 and 23 when you're on the field, they're 102 and 55.


That's insane. They've done pretty good. That's fucking insane. It's like the, so there's 6, 6 50 win percentage with you playing 3 95 without you playing. Yeah. That's pretty damn good. Do you see those stats? And you're like, oh, okay. Man, the stats I care about is the hurs, the the pressures, the, which You don't give up any. Yeah. But you do whatever you do. They're, they're tallied, you know? Oh, look at that. So pff grade. Yeah. So it's like, It's like, I'm not even trying to press stout no more. I'm trying to fucking get my p fff grade so I can, so I can fucking, so I can fucking party, you know, like party like I want to. Yeah. But no man, I feel like I just, especially over these last few years, like, I felt like when I had the injury, like when I was 29, 30, I feel like I had some really good years taken away from me.


So like, my sense of urgency the past few is like, well I'm in my thirties now, it's fucking, yeah. It's now never. So yeah. Yeah, man, that's, that's really what it is. And we, And we have a lot of fun, but we have a lot of talented guys in the room. Like Mackay being that big inside makes passing off stunts so much easier. Landing Jordan and, and our style of offense this year, like so much run play action versus just, you know, straight shotgun rushing the snapper. It changes things for us. Yeah. Do you, yeah, Go ahead. Do you enjoy pass blocking? Yeah. I want to call it quick protection. Yeah. Some boots. No, I, I don't mind it, but I do. It's like going into a boxing match, a a pass block as you dodge and punches and making sure nothing happens and then run blocking it.


Hey, I'm fucking throwing a haymaker back. Let's go. Yeah. Right. When you get, that's how I in space, like a big angry dog and you just start running down downhill at somebody. That looks like that's fun. Yeah, it is. And especially when we're organized and everybody's on the same page and it just looks like a wave on film. And then Saquon just, you know, he does his own crisis on waves and lanes. But yeah, it's fun, man. We have a lot of fun with Stout and I was telling y'all about him earlier, but he, he's the catalyst to, to everything I feel like. Yeah. Were you guys mad at Saquon when he jumped? When he hurd someone backwards? I mean, that was, it was the coolest play ever. But it also was like, don't do that. That's a bad idea. I've never seen that. Yeah. I mean I've watched all the Barry Sanders highlights, but that's about the only thing I think I haven't seen Barry Sanders do was Yeah.


Do that. So I wasn't mad at it. Yeah. I was on the other side of the field and I saw it like obviously after the game, but I was looking at the scoreboard and I was like, holy fuck. Yeah. Did you guys happen, how many times did you guys watch it and film that Week? Oh, so many times it's like, how'd you see this? But no, it's crazy man. And he, he's a lot of fun. He is a great locker room guy. He's loves golf. I don't know if you know, he loves golf and that's all he wants to do. So really the first day he came in, we all went a bunch of guys on the team and went golfing and went from there. That's Awesome. What's his game like That day? He played pretty well. There's times where he struggles. He gets super critical of himself and he comes back the next day like nothing happened.


Yeah. What Do, what do you get you guys this year? What'd Jalen get you guys? They got us nice watch. Okay. They got us the golf carts. Oh, That's The golf. Golf Carts are Sick. That's Sick. They're sick. Yeah. You got, you got it at the bro barn. How's the bro barn doing? It's doing good ball. Baldy in there. Deadlift about every, we th Tuesdays and Wednesdays. That's So awesome. So Sean comes over there a lot. Sean Brady. Yeah. He trains a lot. So during the season, like, I'm not, I'm in there sometimes, but mostly I'm at the, you know, working out. But my trainer Gabe, I don't know if you Gabe wrangle, but anyways, he trains a bunch of guys in there. Yeah. I feel Like Baldy watches more film than most Coaches. That's all. He, he loves it.


He's like, he's like Gruden. Yeah. He's like one of those guys that he's not gonna watch the weather. He's not gonna watch Netflix. He's watching fucking outside zone. Yeah. You know, perfectly said Come up with nicknames for guys. Yeah. But he, with the Saquon hurdle, did you go up to him the first time you saw it on the video board? Were you like, dude, you just fucking jumped over that guy backwards, did you like That's what I'm saying, like I know in the past I would've definitely, I I think I adapted him up but I probably just went to the bench and just sat down and like I'm glad he is on our team. Yes. I was on the other sideline a lot when he did that. I remember his first time we played him at the first time we played him in New York and he had a, a hurdle over one of our guys and I was going He could be pretty good.


Yeah. Yeah. Good call. Yeah. Good scouting there we have That was a good, yeah, that a good scouting moment By me. There's some, some NFL analysts out there that said that Saquon was not a top tier running back going into the season. What would you say those people Put your name to where your quote is buddy? I hate the anonymous. Just say it. Hey, who you work for? His name's Steven Cha. He works in Al Sports. He said don't draft him because he's only had one season in his career that he's gone over 1,005 yards. And I don't know why he picked 1,005. Makes me think maybe he had a couple seasons where he had 1,003, but then he had a thousand yards more than that. So now he's got two or 3000 yards. Yeah. So it is also the same analyst that said that the Tush Push should be banned.


Yes. And that he hopes that Jalen Herdz gets injured during the Tush Push. Yeah. Well Same analyst When I can't find my car keys, you know, after 20 minutes of searching for him, hey I kind of agree with 'em. Tush Push. Yeah. Do you when they call it or are you just like, oh, here we go again, but you know what's gonna work? No, no. Not when they call it. It's like the one that you have a Washington goal line situation. Yeah. That rocked. Yeah. And they're just jumping over. I mean jumping through. Yeah. We, we saw a loophole. Now it, it is fun, but if you do get rocked, they're sometimes where ugh, you just, Do you like though watching other teams try it and fail? 'cause you're like, this is, that's I think the, the, the part that people miss is like, people say, oh, we want the Tush Push band. No one does it. Like the Eagles.


Yeah, well, like Malat is really good. I'm okay at it, but like it really starts like the center, the wedge and having guard like Landon's, you've seen Landon Landon's a monster. Yeah. Mackay's a monster. And, but I feel like Brady was really good with it. With the Patriots. Yeah, true. Yeah. Was really Good. Well, like Josh Allen, they were doing the bills were doing it, they were getting Stuffed. Yeah. You gotta watch All of Chris Jones. Yeah. Yeah. Big stick. Yeah. Speaks soft. Yeah, I don't speak much. No, no. The Yeah, Landon just gets lower than everybody. Yeah. Like I said, after I show you this video, I'll show you him getting about as low as you can get. So when, when Frankie Luva was jumping over and he, he was doing it a couple times, what was he saying after, after he would leave.


I don't, hey, I'll tell you what, like they, they'll talk some to lineman, but it's mostly like everybody has their fuse going, like the DBS and receivers, they got their own fights out there and I don't get to hear any of the conversations. And then like the running backs, saquon, Frankie, him, Bobby, like they have their own dialogue going in the game. So that's a good question. What would, yeah, if, if the refs had said we want to award you guys a touchdown, would you have done the honorable thing and say we decline, we'd like to settle this on the field. Like man, I declined that. I like to sell it with a new freshest, a fresh new set of downs. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Maybe if you do the same penalty like four times in a row, just we'll give you the first down at The point. Yeah. Go change that in the, in the rule book in the new CBA. Yeah. I think we asked you this last time before the Super Bowl.


What color Gatorade do you guys like to drink? Just curious. I like the one with all the red threes in it. Okay. I'm, I'm trying to get them all in me before RFK gets it about Here goes, It goes for the reds. It goes for I guess for the purples. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But but typically on the sideline, what's in that cooler? Yeah. What Is it look Like? It's usually like, I think lime, lemon, lime. Yeah. All yellow usually. Yeah. Verys clear though as well. So there's just water. Yeah, no, there's definitely water. Then you have Gatorade and then you have think we called Lin. It's like it's a hydration especially they put I guess more salt in it. But if you, if you were to like grab one in terms of the game and like dump it on someone, would you do Like the Lemon lime?


Yeah. I mean that's what's gonna be in the cups. I'm not sure what, what's gonna be in this. Cool. But I'm just saying like, Big Cat brought up all those great stats about you and, and your history career. Gimme, you gimme some blue Kool-Aid mix or whatever. I can make it blue for you. I'll go, I'll go do that. We're Making it a color. No one's ever seen, We can't even identify this. All bets are off. Alright, so I I told you this when, when we were texting, but I have a, I was texting a long a wrong lane Johnson number past Year. How, how long? I think it was, it was a year. It was January 9th, 2024. Okay. But the reason why I thought I was still texting you is it started with in January 9th, 2024, I released, well my computer released the power rankings.


Okay. So there's Computer power rankings. The Eagles were in the super ass Category. Okay. And you replied on Twitter. Dang bro. And I was like, shit, he's pissed at me. I don't want Lane Johnson pissed at me. So I texted you and I said, thanks Brian. I was like, fuck, I didn't think you'd see the power rankings, maybe the start of the championship DVD and the person replied, this is no longer lane's number. And I was like, oh, he's just fucking with me. Like he's he's an asshole. Yeah. He Just doesn't wanna Reply. He, he's salty. And then, and then it went on where I was just like texting you some more and then on, on NFC championship game, I said, congrats seeing Nola and I sent you a video of Max spitting on the camera and the guy and the guy just replied, this is not Lane.


And I was like, wait a second. He, I've just been texting the wrong lane Johnson. And then I texted Chris and he was like, yeah, he's, he had a new number a year ago. So Did the guy identify himself? No, he is Just not Lane. Okay. Does the guy, he must get a lot of texts for Lane. I he must, if he's ready to Like I'm just for son of a bitch, this is the last time you're gonna ask me. Send him a picture of Lane. Yeah, I will. And be like, send him a picture. Hey, having a lot of fun talking to you right now. Lane, where's my lane tag? Ll Show him my Tag. Yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna send him a text right now and be like, great time hanging with you. Don't Even say they didn't even put Lane on. They put fucking David Johnson my first name. So Yeah, I think I'm a Fake.


Alright. Here. Just, yeah. Alright, I'm gonna text him right now and I'm gonna say great, great time hanging out today. Well, your First name's, your first name's David. Great. I'm hanging out. Your first name's David? Yeah. They probably spent about two minutes thinking of that one. Yeah. No, no. My, my dad's David, his middle name is Earl. And so they, they built mine up a little bit with Lane. So Lane Johnson is a much better name for an offensive lineman. Yeah. David Johnson would've been 1970s Yeah. To be a basketball player. 1990s. Yeah. That's that's an oil field name. So Have other people have other people said they've been texting the wrong lane and you got I I got about 500 messages. I don't It is the biggest stress. Yeah, But you, it's so funny because it's like, normally that happens where people have to change the numbers.


Yeah. But the fact that it happened right after the power rankings and I was like, oh, he's fucking with me. No, it's, he just pretending to not know who I am. It's, it's happened with with some friends and they're like, you fucking asshole. I've been trying to get ahold of you for two or three years. Yeah. And you don't ever reply. They see me and they're fucking super pissed. I love it. I love it. I just was like, damn, I really fucked up Lane Johnson's mad at me. Turns out it was just some random dude who I've been bothering. What? And he's still mad. So When, When Big Cat's computer released those power rankings, you were actually mad though. Like super ass is Not good. Super ass not good. I don't know if you're gonna air this, but I don't run my Twitter. I don't have the password to Oh. Or so all that stuff is beat Brian, Brad, he my, my marketing guy.


So he run, he actually runs that as me. Okay. So Brian was pissed at me. Huh? Brian was pissed at me with the dangling. He also, He under, he understands traction, He understands the system. Hold on. He's trying to get, be a part of the algorithm In defense of my, in defense of my computer rankings. He is in the matrix in defense of my computer rankings. You were, you guys were the computer said super ass and then you lost to the bucks in the first round like the computer was Right. Right. He was right. The Computer was dead. Right. Last Year. Dead ass. You guys super, super dead as super contenders all year this year. Last year the computer was right. Yeah. No, the only time I've like gotten mad with the art was a couple years ago. Like ESPN was like, he gets credit for being a noisy player. So for the whole next year I didn't talk to the media once.


I, luckily it didn't find me, but I didn't say shit. I didn't, wow. What what does that mean? Noisy player? Yeah. He gets credit for talking a lot. That's Crazy. Well, If you're in the media, you should want guys like that. Yeah, Yeah. Like ES ESP should want People to talk. Well, fuck, I didn't think I was, I mean yeah, I talked a lot of shit way back in 17 when I made some stupid comments. Well, No, By the way We'll have your, we made those comments, you got screwed by us. Which It is a testament that you still come out with us because I, we played that back. We basically said like, isn't it more fun to play for the Eagles? And then everyone just took it and we're like, lane Johnson would rather win one Super Bowl with Eagles six, six years later, whatever it is. So that Was Our fault. I'm sorry about all the nasty things I've said. Patriots Nation, I was an undisciplined child who, whose tongue got the best of them.


E even if you had said that, what's the big deal with saying that? Like, we had fun. Yeah, I, they probably had fun too, putting the rings on, but I don't know. But it, it, it was my, it was probably 'cause the first time we've, we've done it and who's this guy to say anything about? Yeah. Having a championship mentality when all he has is one. I, I thought, hey, we still only have one. Listen, you know, I one Super so I had, I had to eat some crow, but hey, so, you know, it didn't taste too bad. You know, it was Our fault though. If I won a superb bowl, I'd just talk shit for the entire year. I'd probably retire if I was a rookie and won a superb bowl. See you. Yeah. Yeah. Until you get home and your fucking memaw iss there. Damn those bucks beat the shit outta you. Big Cat Computer was right. Your super Ass. This fucking woman. I'm going back, I'm playing next year.


You're not retiring after this game. Yeah, that'd be fun. Well, not funny, but if you just waited till like preseason game one and then retired, I said I gonna Retire. That would be funny. It's just, yeah, you gotta let the guys upstairs know. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. So, so coming in this year after being super ass last year. Yeah. Yeah. When did you realize that you were no longer super ass? Probably after about four wins after we started two and two. But those games, like, you know, the Falcons game was very close. Yeah. One against Washington was really close there. So I mean, everything was really competitive for the most part, but we found a way to get out of our own way and fucking hand the ball to Sequan and score some touchdowns and Yeah.


And that Bucks game at the end of September, you guys, I think that was the last time you guys lost a game that Jalen played the full game. Like so you guys ripped off a ton of wins where it's like, yeah, now they're healthy, they're ready to go. Yeah. I mean that's, that's part of it. And you know, earlier, earlier parts of the season, I mean, you don't know what you don't know as far as running play wise, so you gotta see what the team's most, you know, comfortable running and after a few weeks you kind of find out, you know, what you're doing. Yeah. What, is there a moment in a game where you just know that like the defensive line is so gass and you're like, this fucking rocks. Like I, they're, they're done, they're cooked. Yeah. When we're running it, like, especially like four minute, we're trying to run the clock out. We, they know we're running it And we have to get a new fresh down so we can can, you know, nail it or take it down.


So yeah. What was that? Was it the Ravens Or the Steelers game where you guys had the ball for like, might 14 minutes? Might've been Steelers. Yeah. 14 minutes. But it, but it was a battle. Yeah. I mean, TJ's out there just fucking Yeah. You know, bringing hell on earth. But their whole, I feel like that game physically was probably the most like tired. I, I was all season You guys ran a, a drive then I think it was like 15 plays, 11 minutes. That And just, we, but we actually threw the ball a lot that game too. Yeah. So we were, yeah. And you got Cam Hayward and Herwig and Highsmith, so pretty good. Yeah, really good. Yeah. I, I went back and looked at some of the stats because we always talk about Dan Campbell as being like the fourth down guy or Dan Quinn too. Sometimes it's like the Dans are known for being super aggressive and fourth down.


Yeah. Your coach Nick Ciani is right up there with anybody. And he actually, if you look at when he goes for it, I think he's secretly a nerd. I think he, he knows like he's got the analytics, he knows the numbers. Oh yeah. And percentages. So like does he communicate that to you? Like, here are the exact scenarios where we're gonna end up going for It? Yeah, well I think this analytics, their purpose is to be there for those when those calls come up. So they, I feel like they do a good job communicating, especially when the calls up headset, Hey, let's go, let's make that decision. Sometimes it's risky but hey, that's what makes it fun. Yeah, yeah. You know, And it's Gotta be until you lose. But Yeah. And you can also do the Tush Push twice in a row if it's like third and five.


Yeah. Just do it twice and get it first Down. We should do it first down. Yeah. Do You think, do you think you could go up and down the entire field just Tush Push? Like if you had to, if you had to. Right. Let's say aj, he like, he the On his foot, we to rotate the guys in just threw a, a line, just a, a rotation, but yeah. Yeah. I, I feel like you could, if you had to ball, that's What y should start a Tush, Push bowl. Yeah. Another Tushes. That's all you can do. That's all. That's all you can do. Alright. So I told you before the backstory of this video, I'm gonna play you, we went out to dinner on Monday night, all all like a bunch of people. I took a bunch of people out, 25 of us in a room.


25 bar, bar Stool people. Yep. Okay. Yep. It was a big dinner. Two women. It was a big moment. Yeah. It was a big moment. Two women. Yeah, two women. Cute. It all, it was a great ratio. So we had, we played a game where we put everyone's name in a hat And we pulled the names out and if your name got pulled you had to give a speech. And we did this for, I don't know, probably like nine or 10 people. First nine people, like all their speeches were really heartfelt. Like love bar stool love, like this is a dream job. Love everyone in this room. Yeah. Just real nice stuff. Just pouring their hearts out to you. Yeah, right. We're All a little drunk, sappy stuff. Then Max is the 10th person and he decided to just give a pump up speech for the Eagle. So I want, I want I want you to, I'm gonna play it and then you tell me how you feel about Max's pump up speech.


Right. Okay. However, every single person could say that they were vested by Patrick Mahomes. Yes. Yes. Every team in the L can say that. However, it only takes one night to beat Patrick Mho a night. Yeah. Why not this Sunday night? Yeah. Why not? We have the better trenches. Yeah. We have the better running back. Yeah. We have the better defense. Yeah. End of the day defense. Win champion.


So Sunday night we'll fight and the Philadelphia Eagles will return as Super Bowl champ. Lemme go. This is a room of full of people that don't care about the vehicles. Give us off to the room. That fucking hates Eagles. But I thought it was crisp. There was no stutters. Yep. It was right to The point. Little bit of, little too. I was rambling. I was rambling. It's fine, It's fine. I thought the pauses were good. He is like we got the better trenches. Trenches and then people were like Amen. He was Educating him Yeah. On Sunday night and he didn't, he didn't know cameras were rolling or anything.


He was just, I wonder Where he got the hand gestures from. I'm an Italian guy. I'm an Italian guy. This guy. I'll send you the video. So if you wanna play, if you wanna play it for the boys on Sunday before the game. Alright. Brian Retweeted from Yeah, max. Max felt like he was playing in the game. You Be. Yeah. No, no, I'm, I'm, I'm, this week is a work week. This week is a week to win the Super Bowl. Alright. Business trip. It is a business trip But like Sunday's the business trip. I feel like they should do like for each team, if there's like a two point conversion, they should have some random fan called out of a section. You have to be the tailback and you're getting the ball. No, I Like that. I'm training some training so everybody, everybody Can kind of be on watch.


Yeah. You know. Alright, so Max, you got a question? Yes. I have one que or I have two questions actually. Yeah, first question. You've been mentioning 'em a little bit today. I've, I've been wondering this, what makes Coach St. Stalin the best coach, best offensive line coach in the NFL? Because I feel like he's getting these guys and he's like resurrecting careers here in, in Philly that other teams just aren't doing. Yeah, he knows. I mean obviously he knows football in and out, but I felt like he's interested in like how people learn. So he knows that like we learn visually so we can accomplish like a lot more doing like walkthrough stuff versus like a 30 minute walkthrough. We will be a two hour, you know, classroom section, you know, covering fucking Charles Dickens tell two cities type shit.


So that's how it seems to me. Yeah. And he makes, and so he understands that but he's just really, when we go in there, it's like pop quiz time every time he asks guys what Three plays do we have out Of this formation of Fred Johnson. And he'll he wait, he asks the question and then he points out who he is gonna ask it to after. But that's like every day. And he is like, yeah we're gonna find out who knows this shit in here. And I Was like, Well hey I guess we are. Yeah. Seems like the best. Good question. Alright, second question. How does Brandon Graham look in practice? Is he gonna be full go on Sunday? He looks good. He looks like, what's the guy in in scary movie three that passed the mashed potatoes with that fucking arm?


Hey, he'll be jabbing, he'll be club ripping with that fucking thing. He's ready to go. Alright. I love that. I know he used it on me. Let's go, let's go. I love that. I love that. Got a feeling. Alright, that that's all I got. All Right. Good Job Max. And then wait on, you know what, I'm gonna try to call the fake Lynn Johnson real quick. Let's just see. It'd be so funny if he picked up. We'll Cut it. God, Damon, I told you son, I just ain't him. You are calling. Ah, You wanna leave a message? No, he's, he's definitely, I feel like he hung up on me there or send him a vo. Yeah, a voice memo. Yeah this is, he gonna get all I used to have that number. Yeah. I'm come back for it one day.


Alright, Rollback question last question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code take, we got our guy Rowan here. Rowan, get up here. Get up Rowan, let's go get up here Ronan. So Ronan and Max are going, they went together to the Super Bowl in 2022. They're going again on Sunday. Hopefully you'll see them later that night. We already, we already told big dom, hey look out for him.


So I overextended myself in a similar way that Max did and I sent you a DM and on Sunday I'm gonna read it out loud, brother, You don't have my, you don't have my number either. You are a beast. What you're able to do day in and day out is legendary. Others rise and fall. You are the mountain. Year after year, you are that motherfucker. No one wants to see you impose your will be great Sponsor will not fall. Hey, I like that man. That was awesome. When we're doing this interview, you just realized that you just sent that to Brian.


Yeah. Hey, So funny story I guess Grant, we both went to OU for a little bit before we went to SMU, but he was I guess hitting me up that summer about, you know, can't wait to see you in Philly, be teammates or whatever. So I guess Brian like texted him a few times back and forth. First day he'd come in the, in the locker room by this fucking breeze past him. Like, who the fuck are you? Oh, But he thought he'd been talking. He's, He's like, Bro, you're a fucking dick. I was like, what the, what the fuck are you talking about? Same situation. Hey, it haunts me. Here comes again. Well the only question is like, how, how did that, did that land, do you know what I mean? Did you get fired up from that? What kind of stuff do you like to hear from fans that fires you up? You know what I mean? How can we serve you? We cater this. Yeah, we do whatever You want, bro. What do you like to hear?


Yeah, I, man, I see, I see everything you said as passion and all that energy and I, and hopefully some in some way I, it can radiate to me and it can, I can use it for the benefit of this Eagles team. Yeah. I'm just trying to put, put some battery in the back. I'm just trying to put some gas in the tank. But my, my x's and no's question is, so you look at the lines this year and you see the crazy installs that they do. They have like pennies who will get in the ball and stuff like that. As an athletic guy, is there any part of you that's like, Hey, it'd be cool if I, you know what I mean? We get a swing pass at me or you just happy, you know? Dude, you better be at the goal line for that. No, I, I would like to have where I could just fucking launch this bitch across the field to AJ and hopefully it's not into fucking a safety that's gonna pick it. But I You used to play quarterback.


Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I would love to just like, I missed my last shot and Just, And just fling it. You still Got the cannon? Yeah, it was, I don't know what they call it now, but if I can We'll see. I'm ready for it bro. You do it. Let's go. I love that. I like, I like calling 'em a mountain stands a test of time. Yeah, mountains. Mountains don't go anywhere. Yeah. Have you seen what they've done in China? I'm, I'm joking. I'm joking. I'm joking. Oh, well Lane, best of luck man. We really appreciate you coming on love. I Fucking hate how much I love the eagles. Like there you guys are great. I I I have to hate you but you and big Dom make it very difficult. Yeah. Big dom. Yeah.


He's gotta get in this chair day. No, We're coming, we're coming for So you can't retire because we're coming for training camp. We're gonna do grit week, we're gonna get big dom on, we'll all go out to dinner. So we're pumped For that. He's the best, like I said. He is. Yeah, he is been in years of obscurity, but yeah, we've known him about this national treasure for Yeah. Does he he's got a stack of Cannolis in his, in his office. His office has, if there's an earthquake in Philly, he's fucked. 'cause he has just all the, just history of the Eagles on the wall in his office, everything. So Cannolis everywhere. Cannolis. Yeah. Everything they send, they just pile his desk over shit. Damn. Have you ever seen him? Not in a tracksuit? No. He said he had a hundred. He said he just paired it down. I've never seen his legs.


Hey, hey, this mother, this motherfucker could have steel legs like li two, Dan And I wouldn't know 'cause I hadn't seen them Ever. He said, he said 131 track suits. He's got down, he's got formal ones, he's got casual Ones and I never seen him in a track meet. Yeah, He's Not Is he, is he bucking, is he throwing the shot? Yeah, He said he was like, I cleaned out my closet. I'm down to 131 tracksuits. He actually said he, he went to Penn State originally. Yeah. So, yeah. And so he was the ball player himself. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, well Lane, best of luck man. You know, really appreciate you coming on future hall of Famer. Yeah man. Hey, let's, let's get a win man. Let's, let's make this win. Incomplete man. Two Game, Man. So yeah Man, this is the tie breaker For you.


Yeah man. This is the tie breaker. It's, you know, just like I said to Ronan, Hey, we gotta get this energy going and Yeah. Yes. LFG let's go. Ronan will Pump you up. I Ronan will, Ronan will get you going and We'll send you the max piece. Send, send me a don't send me another text, but just text to Brian and Get, Get my number from Big Cat. Now you get my wrong number from Big Cat. Yeah. I'll Give you the wrong way and Pump him up. Go Big Cat. Let's go pump him up some more. This Guy's gonna be so mad. Oh,


all right. Well thanks so much Lee. All Johnson was brought to you by our good friends at Oxon. Let's talk about the elephant in the room. Erectile dysfunction. One in four men 18 years and older experience ed. Which means that you or someone close to you might be experiencing it. Hank just shook his head. No, but that's fine. Even if it's not Hank, it could be somebody very close to Hank and it's okay. It happens to a lot of guys and with the rocks on, they have a new ed treatment gel. You can get it over the counter. You don't have to go to a doctor. It's the first ed treatment gel with clinically proven results that you can get over the counter. And while it may not work for everyone, studies showed success in over 60% of men. The best part, no prescriptions, no online questionnaires needed. So why wait, try Rocks On today available in stores and online. Visit a roxon US to learn more. That's E-R-O-X-O-N. Do us to learn more.


Also, Marshawn Lynch has just dropped a new video on his Instagram. He's in a mall cruising around on a scissor lift, drives up to his beast mode store and just completely rips the B and the O off the sign. Marshawn is no longer beast mode. Wow. He's east, mid East, mid east, east mid happened a beast mode. Eastman well he got rid of the B and the O so he just east mid the scissor lift reminds me of, did you ever see the injury cart that Marshawn drove around? Yep. Ghost Ride the Whip Classic. Yeah, he was in college. They won that game. He celebrated, he hopped on the injury cart, took it for a little spin across the field. Fast in the Furious.


So check it out. Let's see what Marshawn's gonna do next. Check out Marshawn Lynch's Instagram and find out for yourself. And now here's a good friend Jamis Winston. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest, recurring guest. It is Jameis Winston Live and in the flesh in New Orleans. His city. Can we say New Orleans is your city? It is. We, we, we can say that. My family, definitely. Okay. Yeah. So you've still got your house here where it's gonna be incredible Super Bowl week. You're doing some stuff for Fox, which I'm very excited to see because it feels like we need more Jameis Winston in our life. Yeah. And you're gonna give it to the people, I'd assume.


Absolutely. We're gonna have some fun, but it's just gonna be showing people the culture of the amazing New Orleans. Like it's gumbo. Gumbo is popular here for a reason. Yes. So I'm gonna give, I'm gonna give 'em a little bit of everything, but I love that. Definitely. Great. I'm trying to eat 15 gumbos Okay. In the time that I'm here. So I'm, I've already had one. We're leaving on Friday or Saturday. Okay. So I'm trying to figure out the best places to go. So if you've got any recommendations, like lay 'em on us. Okay. 'cause I, I love gumbo. I had to put a list to you, but if you, one of my favorite spots is Best B Spot. It's like Beyonce inspired. Okay. I gotta get the street for you. But if you gonna be having 15 gumbos, like we gotta make sure we get you cup size. Yeah. 'cause they're very filling. But I think with, with anybody herbs saying as well when I think about food, but when I think what anybody say like what, what can I get the best gumbo?


They're gonna say my, my grandma house. Yeah. Yeah. I, I'll eat at a grandma's house. Yeah. There's any AWS that have a grandma that, that actually will sit, sit down, make the room. I got, I got a cousin on the West Bank and she makes the, the best gumbo I ever had. You might have to do that. I will definitely get you a bowl. 'cause I, she knows that Super Bowl is a big week and it's Mardi Gras season. Yeah. So a bunch of gumbo being made right now. I love. So yeah, we we're very excited for you because this is a great thing that I think that Fox is doing is bringing Jameis Winston on. So you're going to take people around, show them some food and things like that. What other stuff are you gonna do this week? How, how are they gonna be using you? Well, for the most part it's, it's gonna be like a bunch of lifestyle pieces. I'm just gonna get a chance to show everybody the culture that New Orleans has.


Like, we gonna go to a Cafe Dumond, we're gonna do a nice segment there. Like when you, you think about coffee and beings, you think about that spot off the rip. So what I'm, what I'm doing, I'm gonna giving them the best human experience they possibly can have in the city of New Orleans. I Believe that you'll be able to do that. Yes, Absolutely. Alright, so let's, let's talk about this past year when we've last had you on, you were a free agent signed with the Browns, you get to play. We thought you should have played more. How, how was this season overall in your career? I mean, we, we need you to get signed somewhere. We need you to be a starting quarterback because the Jameis Winston experience is our favorite thing. Right. You had that big snow game that was so much fun to watch.


How, how overall though, would you say like this season went for you personally, professionally, and where you're at going into the next season? Let's start with personally just because I think like I can get sometimes so wrapped up into what I do that we kinda speed past. Like the whole experience. Like that you actually had Yeah. The presence of actually being in the Cleveland Browns organization witnessing some of the things that I witnessed going through some of the things that I went through. So personally, I would say that it was a, a, a season of resilience because we had some unfortunate injuries. We had some people that, that i, I poured myself into because my expectation going to Cleveland was to be there to, to serve Deshaun and be there to provide this support and, and leadership for him.


And, and it hurt to see him go down quickly. And then the way that people reacted of him going down, like me being the person that I am, I had to recalibrate some things and have a complete paradigm shift because of the, the love that I have for him and also the love that I and respect that I have for the game and that city that I just chose to go to. Right. So that was, that was challenging because football gives us so much. I mean, shoot, it is giving me everything that I can even dream or imagine, but that moment where I had to get just real.


Yeah. Like from a human experience with like some fans, the people that I love the most, the people I like making smile and that that just hurt because we all are humans. We all have this experience, we all have ups and downs and I think we all are trying to find a way to, you know, cope with, with those, those days. Yeah. And that was, that that day wasn't a good day and that, that was kinda like a precursor to the season. Right. You know what I'm saying? Because what I was looking forward to was getting that opportunity being back on the field And we had some wins early, but at the end of the day, like I, I didn't finish. Yeah. I didn't finish the way that I wanted to finish. I didn't, I didn't have the the story like that I, that we all wanted Yeah.


At the end. So that's how I was personally. But the, the whole process of being with Cleveland Browns was amazing because this was the first time my family got up and moved out of the south. Right. So we were in Cleveland and Cleveland was way more than what, way better than what we expected. You know, obviously we knew it was gonna be like gritty, you know, we gonna see a lot of ironing still. But being from Birmingham, like I figured that that's how the terrain would be. But the place that we stayed was, it was in chagrin Falls Man and like for beautiful place. Yeah bro, for a good 90 days we experienced some of the most beautiful weather. Yeah. That 90 days about right. That you, that you only could imagine. So it was good for my family in that end.


But football wise, man, I'm still focusing on eliminating one thing from my play so that I can be all that I'm capable of being in this league. Yes. I like the new personality stuff. Yes. I like hopping on with y'all. But where I want to be in this league is somewhere where the greats stand. And for me to be where the greats stand, I have to consistently execute and eliminate one thing from my play. And, and, and that's, that's just fun. That's, it's, it's another resilience side to like, Hey man, like you got LASIK now. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like what, what, what else what else do we have to do? What else do we have to learn? What else do we have to overcome and or, or take out for us to be everything that we want to be?


Lord, Deliver me from pick sixes And the Lord did. Yeah, no, I was just saying, were you, so you, you said that after a game where you had, I mean I think it was one or two pick sixes. It was the, it was the Monday night game. Yeah. It was two and then the, the, the next game. You didn't throw a pick six. Were you like, oh shit, God, he's got me here. Absolutely. Like I, I know he, I know he had me off the rip when I, when I say that publicly that that outward confession like, like that really was like a obviously it was funny. Yeah. But it was a, it was a cry. It was like, Lord, like, hey, like I, I need you, I need stop these pick Sixes. I need you. Like, you know, and un unfortunately, I, I should have honestly, that's why it's so important being impeccable with your word. Right. Because I I should have said pics. Yeah, I know, I know. Because he gave you The pick sixes.


I say, and I promise you and my quiet place, I promise you I'm saying picks, but He works in mysterious ways. May maybe just makes you better at tackling. Yeah. So when you do throw an interception, you knock the guy out, he doesn't score. You're like, I I should have specified, Lord, I'm Sorry bro, I'm tired of tackling, you know what I'm saying? I done had to tackle too many people. But that Game was, and also, I mean that game like that was like, we should have Jamis play Monday night Football all time quarterback. That was, it was electric. I know that it was the pick sixes, but you also made some insane throws. You had what, 500 yards? Yeah. I'm grateful for that. But you know, Sean Pa was on the other side, a young bo Nicks from Alabama. Like he was the opposing quarterback. Like in, in my documentary, like that was supposed to be the time where I'm like Michael Jordan standing right there because I got Sean paying a, a young buck that I always loved watching him grow up.


I mean, he, he was in Alabama. He won a, he won a state championship. I never won a state championship. Being from Alabama, seeing him go to Auburn, he was the kid that went to the hometown school, got to experience all this stuff and went off to Oregon and, and now he's having an amazing year. So I'm just like, bro, I gotta show this young buck lesson. You know? So I'm happy that he had, you know, he had a game. Like he had a, a that rope to Mims down the middle of the field. So I'm like, okay, I want you to do something good. But we also, we, we got Jerry Judy back coming back to this time. The Sean paints on the other side, like, I want to give it to them. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Pause. But I wanna make sure that we win this game, you know, but, and, and, and that's the obviously the love and the preparation that goes into that.


Like, you obviously can see that, that competitive side between me, Sean, and Bo. But I think winning is the biggest thing. Yeah. Like when, when you at quarterback, I think that's so important. Like, yeah, you have some turnovers here. Yeah. You have some ups and downs, but eliminating negative plays and winning it takes you so far because man, I had the best four weeks of my life just talking to, to more people, you know, getting, getting those interviews just because you're winning. Yeah. Yeah. Not because you're having lights out games, but winning. So like, but for The record, James, we'll talk to you whenever. Whenever. Yeah. It doesn't matter. Win 17 doesn't matter. You're, you're on the show a Hundred percent. No, I, I'm, I know how it goes. I'm grateful for that. But you know what I'm saying? Like, this is my dream.


Yeah. You know, that like football, like football is, I'm so grateful that God has given me this sport to steward with what I got. Yeah. You know, and I want to, I want to be the most at it. Yeah. Be the best at it. Yeah. Lord. Delivery from picks That, that Thursday night game that Big Cat brought up in the snow, that was a lot of fun to watch too. It was. And seeing it was, I, I forget, was it Tracy Wolfson? It was somebody that, that was interviewing you in the pregame, I think it was. And they started talking to you about the snow, and you were locked in very serious. And then all of a sudden it's like something hit you. Yeah. And you just got this big smile and you started looking around at the snow, and it's like you got transformed and, and turned into, I, I don't know if it just took you to a different place mentally Yeah.


Where it woke you up. But watching you just embrace that environment on that Thursday night and go out there and play an excellent game of football was so much fun for America to watch. Yeah. You know, I I I, I have to commend the NFL for their deal with the, the broadcast networks to have that segment now, because that was relatively new to me. Like, typically, like when I go back into the locker room, like I'm getting ready, I'm focusing on, I'm going over my notes, I'm going over my plays, and I'm putting myself in the place that I think that I need to be for this game. So when I was having those interviews with Tracy and, and others, like I was already getting to that, that place I was already getting to that, that place of just presence and preparing for the game.


So for me to come back out and just be like, okay, now I gotta talk about who knows what you're gonna ask. Like Yeah. I already know what, what the notes that I'm going over in my head. So I'm gonna repeat those right to you, because that's the mode that I'm on. I think, I think I rewarded them with some good, some wise words. Yeah. It Was great. So you'd never played in the snow before in your entire life? Never in my entire life. What was it like? It was fun. Like, I think, I think it's like any kid that experiences snow for the first time. Like, you don't know what to do. Right. Like, you really don't know how to build a snowman. You know what I'm saying? You, you want, like, I'm happy with YouTube is available because that was one of the first things, like I didn't know how to build a snowman. Like, it was, it was awful.


Like, because I tried to build the snow while it was fresh. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, and that's another, that's a story for another day, but you Get to pack it in. Yeah. Literally like, I was so enamored with the snow that I was just like, man, like can I just, like, do we have to play? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, can we play a snow? Like, but, but we did, we did play a snow version of football. But yeah, it was, it was amazing. It was so hel so it was so cold. Your helmet exploded. Yeah. That was crazy. My head hit the ground. Yeah. Frozen t the frozen, not the frozen tundra, I guess, but the frozen leaving browns ground. Wait, so did you Huntington bank field, Did you build the Snowman? So let, lemme tell you about the story about the snowman.


I actually didn't even build the snow man in Cleveland. Oh. I built the snow in New Orleans. You did when it snowed here. Yes. When the snow here. Right. So during Cleveland, when it, when it snowed, like I was away from, from my babies. My, my babies were like, they, they were at school. Right. Like, we didn't have time throughout the day where it still was was like, we getting game us to go outside Yeah. And build the snow. Right. But God bless us with snow in New Orleans. So I'm outside there trying to build the snow, like, and my kids, oh, my, my baby. He's suffering. Because we didn't have like the, we had all of our waterproof like material up in Cleveland, right? Yeah. Like, we just got him some, some, some gloves from Costco. And we just like, these are gonna work my portfolio.


Like he had the shivering in the snow because he's trying to, we obviously having a snowball fight, like the nurses, we gonna have this, but the snow, like these aren't waterproof gloves. Yeah. So they're freezing his head. So after one good snowball fight, like it, the wind is like, we in trouble. Right. So we're, so we're trying to make the snow. And right now, like I just, I'm just making a whole circle in the snow. I'm just like putting snow together. But it's, it was like a blizzard snow. It wasn't like, yeah. It had stopped. Like, typically people build snowman like when it, when the snow stops and the snow horns up and you can like get it on the ground. So I'm trying to build a snowman and I just did an awful job and it rained in Alabama. My assistant Nadia, she showed me a picture of her snowman.


Oh. And like, she had like, my, my trainer, my famous trainer, Otis Leverett, his wife, the one who does all the, the, the, the position specific workout. So he had, they had his football helmet on, like had like a glove on, like a stick that they had. They had like one of her scarfs on. So it was a good looking snow. Like, snowman, I have to show you out this so y'all can This clip. Yeah. So I was looking at my snowman and it just looked like a snow heel. Like, and it just kept like, it was just not good. You Put eyes on it. I did put eyes on it. Yeah. So my, my cousin again, she, she gave my wife, like my wife went over to get some gumbo because she prepared us when she was like, you can't be in the snow without no gumbo.


Yeah. So she went over there to get the gumbo and she gave us a, a fake carrot nose and some things to put on the snowman. 'cause she knew that we were gonna build a luxurious snowman. She didn't know that I had no idea how to build a snowman. And I'm calling Nadia. I'm like, Nadia, like my babies. They gonna laugh at me because I don't know how to build no snowman. YouTube, I got this, this wifi not working. I can't look it up on YouTube. Like chat. GPT ain't working. Like, so I'm just like, I'm gonna build this now. She said, just build a ball and just roll it in the snow. Do you know I was, I almost had frostbite trying to roll that ball in the snow because it was too soft. It kept coming off. Yeah. And I couldn't build a snow. And my, my child, he just looking at me like my oldest Malachi, he just looking at me like had, I can't even tell my friends.


I can build a snowman because you don't know how to build a snowman. I'm like, well, you supposed to be helping me. All right. So you gotta So that's something we gotta still check off the list. Yes. Maybe if you get signed. So what, what are we thinking? Where, I mean, there's gotta be people who want Jameis Winston. You have to stay in the league. You have to, I want you starting. Yeah. You need to start. Yeah. What, that's what I, that's where my heart desires. Like, I, I'm obviously, I'm looking for an opportunity where it's kind of like bridge opportunity where I get to go in there, lead another young guy, and man, go in there, have opportunity dominate where I'm supposed to dominate, win some football games and have a GM and have an organization say, Hey, like, man, we believe in in you jam. It's like, but I need that opportunity to show that. Yeah. Like, because that's why I feel like I'm in that position again where like, man, I have to get in that position and show that.


Yeah. Because I, like, your game is not, you know, there's a lot of backups in the league where they come in and it's a lot of check downs. It's a lot of like, Hey, we're gonna just, you know, try to tread water. You, you push the ball down the field. You're, you're making the throws. And that's always what's so fun when you get in. Like, I even think about that Ravens game, right. Where you're throwing the ball down field and you beat a really good ravens defense. Right. That's come on. Well that, but that's stuff that I do, I can do in my sleep. The biggest thing is winning. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And like, I, I try to shift away from the interceptions because like those matter. Yeah. But those also accumulate to not winning. Yeah. So whatever I need to do that's required to win and be focused on winning.


If that's going 20 for 28 for 17 yards. Yeah. One touchdown and no interceptions, but a win, like that's doing it. Yeah. You know, whatever is required for us to win a game is like my focus. Because obviously I get hyped up and I play so much trust into my teammates, into my coaches, and we're out there executing this thing together. But at the end of the day, the quarterback position, like I got the last say so Yeah. With that pill in my hand, Do you, have you thought about if you do throw a pick, maybe bringing back the squint and being like, people be like, oh, the LASIK maybe isn't working anymore. Yeah. It gives you, buys you a little time.


Yeah. Well, I, I try to eliminate any thoughts about picks. Okay. You know what I'm Saying? So I shouldn't even said the Word focus and focus on say and focus just on winning. Yeah. Every single rep. Yeah. Yeah. You know, like, because I, I try to create humor with the picks. Right. Like, hey, like it's still a completion. Yeah. Not really. Well Listen, I I just played the video game, which I brought up to you last time. How I might've thrown some picks with you when I played the video game. Yeah. Back in 2020. But I just played a full college football playoff and I threw nine pick sixes in four games. Wow. Yeah. Well, not with me though. Right. We're Eliminating that one. Not with you. Okay. Not with you. But I'm just saying like, still won the national title. So you can still find a way to win.


You Can like, but it's all that matters is winning. Yeah. And that's you playing the game. Yeah. So like maybe when, when you playing the game, start visualizing me Yeah. And Record me doing that. Winning the national, winning the Super Bowl. Yeah. With that Super Bowl. That's, we gotta do the Super Bowl. That's what got me. Yeah. 'cause I won so many Heisman trophies, so many national championships on NCAA when it was out. Yeah. You know, I never really played Madden That much. You gotta get it. We should start playing madness too. Like literally visualizing it. I get, we will record the entire season, But I ask my wife like, I, I got Madden. Yeah. Like, and I'm visualizing and, and like my brother is whooping my butt religiously in Madden every time I get on the sticks. Have you thought about doing the VR thing? Virtual reality?


Man, I, I, so I've experienced that, what Jayden was doing. So I I experienced that. I'm curious to see what brand he had. It's a German company. Okay. Yeah. I don't know the name of the brand, but they, they found him at Louisiana. Right. They were trying to sell their technology to any school that wanted it. And LSU was like, yeah, we want this. So I don't know if it's like an exclusive thing that he gets. I, I don't know what it is, but it seems like it's a great idea, man. Reps man. Remember, I remember when, like, when I first got to the Saints, I believe they tried to bring that to us. And like they talked about building, I think they were gonna build a room for that because they had it, they had it in, in Louisiana. But we, we should have did at LSU. We should have did it.


Yeah. Yeah. Like, but I, I believe I, I believe at Tampa we did an experience like that where I did have some virtual reality related training at Tampa early on in my career. But I'm sure that the, it, it is better. Yeah. That's what I've heard. Yeah. High quality than now. Yeah. I would love to see what kind of training exercises you come up with while wearing the virtual reality helmet too. Me too. At Cleveland, we had some, some type of virtual reality type sensors, but it was not like, I wasn't immersed in the game. It was just like, take mo bold players moving around like slow motion. We gotta Get you on the good stuff. Like This is not gonna work. Yeah. If you're a German VR company listening to this right now, you have a potential client here in Jameis Winston.


We'd Like to see whatever was required. We, we were talking to Andrew Lucke earlier today and he had very nice things to say about you. And he, he asked us to ask you about how close you were to going to Stanford. Man. I was, I was very close to going to Sanford in my mind. Right. Like Sanford was the dream school that I've always thought that I would be at playing baseball and football at. Yeah. 'cause you just think about John Elway. Right. So academically and football while athletically, I thought that was the epitome of going somewhere and playing football. But I knew that I could not be that far away from Alabama. You know? So Stanford, Florida State and LSU were, were my options.


Like they were my final options. I wanted to go to Texas. I felt like Texas, like Texas Longhorns, I felt like that would've fit me well. Like I even had like this, my mama got me this Fossil Texas watch because I told her that's the school I wanted to, to go to. And it was it cool. I still had a watch to this day, but back to Stanford, Stanford was, was would've been a, a excellent opportunity for me. 'cause no, Davis was there. Andres, Pete Azi, Aziz Zu, he was there. So like I built some great relationships with some of the recruits that still were there. So I, I really was close to going if I would've had the courage to take that trip out west. Yeah. It's long distance to go For sure.


Well, It, it was like more of a, of a dream. Like when I went out there on my official visit, coach David Shaw was there. I got a chance to speak with Condoleezza Rice. Yeah. Like the experience was unmatched. What was that like talking to Condoleezza Rice? Well, it was, it was amazing just to, to get a chance to, to know that she was from Alabama. You know, I didn't get a chance to have a meeting with her like face to face. But having to be able to speak with her and hearing them talk about how her office had own, looked some place on the campus. I think that was, that was amazing. Yeah. Yeah. How, how was the, were you injured at the end of the year?


We, we just kept on being like, put James back in. Yeah. I know that the last couple of games they gave other guys a shot. Yeah. How, how is the injury now? It, it, it is good. I had, I did something to my SC joint and that's kind of like my inner collarbone. Okay. Because of the, the c of my AC joint. It, I, I require movement from there. Okay. In a way. So for a a period of time, it was very challenging for me to throw the ball. And if, if you can't throw the ball elite in the NFL, it's just, it's not really gonna work out. Right. So, so it, it was, it was kinda, it was after the Kansas City game. So I'm, I'm, I'm good now.


Like I can, I can spin it. Okay. Yeah. We spin it. So Yeah. Are, when, when does that happen in the NFL? When do, when do teams start to reach out to you? I, I think, I don't wanna get you in trouble. I think, I think the period is going on, not now. Yeah. But I think as they're, as agents are talking about other prospects getting into the league, especially the draft senior bowls, the Strom Bowl. Yeah. I believe they like strategically placing in some of their frees coming for, for, for this upcoming year. But I believe it starts, but when, when you're really released like that, that first part of March. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The new, so I'll just say some cities, I think we might have done this last time on the show.


Yeah. But just, just cities, random cities. And you tell me what you think about each city. New York City or I guess Northern New Jersey, but really New York City. I mean, I love it. The big apple. Yeah. You Is it, is it big? Is it giant? Is it the giant apple? Yeah. Or would you fly there on a jet? I, I, I love it. I I would do, I would do both. You, I would, That actually would be awesome if you Were quarterback of teams. I would eating the apple, a giant apple, you know, and that What about Pittsburgh? I know they were kind of, you know, rival city to Cleveland, but what about Pittsburgh? What's your vibe there? Man, I, I love Pittsburgh, you know, 'cause I admire Coach Mike Tomlin so much.


You know, the first Super Bowl ring that I ever held in my hand was a 2009 Pittsburgh Steelers Super Bowl ring. From, from, from Bruce Bruce Arians. So that, that is definitely aligned with my vision. But, but I don't know, I don't know what my Browns fans to say about Yeah. Yeah. Pittsburgh. That, that, that'd be, that'd be challenging. But, you know, it really doesn't matter, honestly, if that opportunity presents itself. Yeah. I, I would love, I would love to team up with Coach Mike to What about, and I know we want you to be a starter, but there are some teams that it feels like maybe they should invest more in a backup. What about Miami? Like that city Man, I would love, I would love Miami. And I, you know what, again, back to my whole Cleveland Brown story, right.


Just how it was like, how about Tyler Huntley? I'm just gonna give him a shout out man. Because he was with like, that was the quarterback room in Cleveland. Tyler, Huntley, Dorian, Thomas, Robinson, Deshaun, and myself. Right. That, that was the training camp. And for him to have a situation where he and Dorian are competing and to stay present and go back to Baltimore and then go to Miami where he from down south Florida. Yeah. That area. And, and play some good games for Miami. I'm so proud of him for, for that. But Miami would be good because I got a lot of respect for Tua and his family. Yeah. And, and if it's, if it's, if it's one man that I would like to, to serve, it would be, it would be him and his family because his dad and my dad have developed a great relationship.


So I'm definitely pulling for him and his health to remain, to remain strong and to remain in a healing state because he works a lot to stay healthy. Yeah. Yeah. Like, and, and, and, and he's a tough, he's a tough player, so he gonna be good. But I, I would like to go to Miami. What about, How about Nashville country music Guy? Nashville Man, listen, cowboy go. I do, I do love country music. Like, I back to the days when, when Jake Owen and Luke Bryan used to come and visit Tallahassee. Like, I've always had that, that southern draw to be able to, to break down the country music album. Yeah. Soon. But You would make so much money from CMT if you were in Nashville.


Yeah. You think so? Yeah. You Would be a correspondent. Yeah. Yeah. Immediately, Man, I, I, I, I would love, I would love it Nashville. Nashville is, it's pretty cool. Yeah. Yeah. What about playing baseball? Man? If, if I can get Colorado Rockies signed up, man, I, I gotta call my guy David Dahl, like he played for the Colorado Rockies, but wherever Have you thought about like maybe doing a spring training? I know that you, you you're, that kind of conflicts with, you know, where you're gonna sign. But I'd love to see back on a baseball. Yeah. I, I, I would love to, to to have that opportunity. But when my focus is focused on Yeah. You know, football and OTAs and whatever's required in that, I, I don't, I don't believe that I will be able to, but man, like I can just go to the band cages like somewhere down to, to Yankees in Tampa Bay.


Yeah. Like, and just hit some BP there. And did You not, have you done like, batting practice against like 95 mile an hour fastball since you got lasik? Have you, do You I have not. Oh, You might, what if you're just, what if you're Barry Bonds and you don't even Know it, man, I'm definitely not Barry Bonds. But what if, because you're a right. You might be show. That's true. You might be Show hey. Except better. Like if he was also a great football player. Yeah. So I, so I, I I trained baseball last year. Okay. Like, I, I literally, my brother's him coach, his name is man, it's, it's, it is, it's removed right now. But my brother's him coach, who is a scout for the Atlanta Braves, we actually trained for the first five weeks in after the Super Bowl every Thursday we hitting ground balls.


We were over at Gerard Park in New Orleans hand in the cages like training, like catching fly balls, feeling ground balls. Because I think that is a direct correlation to playing the quarterback when you see how Patrick Mahomes does it and Josh Allen. How they coming from these different angles. Yeah. Even Jalen and his, when his RPO games, being able to throw from different angles is so important. And being able to squat down and move around the pocket. Yeah. You see how extending the play is as big as it's ever been in the NFL nowadays. Like, you can't extend a play like from a regular routine play. Like you gonna have a tough time. Yeah. Yeah. What about, what about right here? New Orleans? Mm. Got a house here. Yeah. Oh my gosh. I would love to be here.


Just Family. Not, not just family. Like, just, just just city man. You know? And I, and I, that's why earlier I didn't say it. I, I, I don't feel worthy enough to say this is my city because this, this is Drew Brees city. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? That's true. That's true. That's fair. Because, because what he did for this city. What? This champagne. Champagne city. This is Mickey Luma city. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I had put M out there because Mick, if you listen to this, I will. I'm, but, but no, like, I, I would love, I would love to be a, a New Orleans saint man because like, just even the energy here. Yeah. Like, it just, it's the same energy that I, that I possess. Yeah. You know? And, and I love, I love my people. So ain't ain't gonna say, you know, my, they my, like these my people.


Yeah. Down here and then you can see it. Yeah. You gonna definitely see it on Fox? Yeah. You gonna see me with my people in a word. You know what I'm saying? With in a words of some, a Baton Rouge legend with it. You know what I'm saying? Know I got my people with me. Do you, do you visualize where you're gonna be next at, at your next stop in life? Like, do you sit down and close your eyes and, and let the vision come to you? Man, I'm still, honestly, my vis my visualization and desire is still with being a Super Bowl winning quarterback for a NFL franchise. You know, and, and that's where, where I am there, there are times where in my quiet time where I, I think about, you know, what my heart would desire. And one of those things right now is just becoming a better father to my, to my children.


My oldest is about to be seven now. And me and my dad always discuss how the age of seven would be that time where I would have to bunker down, putting more intentional time into lead my chil lead my son to what his heart desires. Because he felt like my, my aunt, she always told me that the age of seven is when the, the kids, they lose their subconscious and they start to really take in every word that you say and they go start making decisions on their own. So when I'm in my quarantine, that's the thing is I'm, I'm thinking about like, man, how can I serve my son who about to be seven? 'cause I know it's his own time. Like I can't be di like when he cry, like I can't say, I can't be like, oh baby. Like I'm gonna be pushing him Yeah. To the limit, you know? But also loving him Yeah.


And guiding him. Yeah. But Is that true about the age seven? Yeah. I mean, I know there are a lot of pediatricians out there or people that process this information, I think, yeah. Yeah. The age seven, I don't know the scientific term whether they lose their subconscious, but seven is a prominent age for child development. And in, in terms of how they think, how they learn and how they go about, So I got like another year and a half that I can keep swearing around. My oldest. Yes. Okay. And then I gotta stop. Yes. Because I do, I do find myself having to, Well, you just gotta develop a swear jar. Well, no, my problem is my, my kids, when they repeat swears I laugh. Yeah. And then they're like, it's very funny. You're laughing.


I'm like, 'cause she shouldn't be saying that. And then they're like, he's laughing. So then they, they keep hitting the fuck or the shit button and I'm just like laughing. I'm like, no, stop saying that. Laughing. My, my wife would be mad at me because she did a experiment to just see how how far our children would go with, with, with those words. Yeah. And, and it wasn't, it wasn't the experiment that we thought that we were gonna be getting. We, we, we realize that our, our children, they do listen to us. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. My son thinks stupid is a bad word. He's like, don't say the S word. I'm like, shit. And he's like, no stupid. Oh, whoops. Right now we got two that we gotta work about. Right. Alright, so we gotta find your job.


Here's an idea. What if Jamis 1 0 1 became your agent? I think you'd probably get a max deal. Man, listen, I don't know Jam 1 0 1, but I really appreciate him. Yeah. The time he's Fighting every Day. The word, the energy that he puts into like, repping me. Like if, if, if you, if you are my lone lost cousin or something, man, brother, I love you. I do imagine one day you'll meet him and he'll just be like, Hey, I'm Jake Swan. No. I, I know I am. But, but like, this is, I feel it like you gotta have people that fight for you. Yeah. Like that. Like, and, and and, and I view it from a terms, just my prayer angels. I have so many women in Tampa, miss Connie, my, my, my mentor, God, Cynthia Harvey, my auntie Aunt Vonda, my mother, my aunt, my aunts, that's Loretta White.


Auntie Bernice auntie. Like my, I have so many prayer warriors that are showering me with prayer, lifting me up all the time. So I don't want their prayers to go as their unnoticed. Yeah. But when you have people that fight for you and that lift you up and that are there to encourage you in your toughest times and are consistently doing it, like, man, you just gotta get 'em they flowers and you gotta be grateful for them. 'cause you don't know how much their energy or what they're doing is actually keeping a lot of things away from you and providing a better opportunity for you in some way, shape, or form or fashion. Yeah. And then in turn you don't wanna let them down. Absolutely. 'cause you know that they have this deep belief in you and you're like, I gotta, I gotta prove them.


Right. If anything, you know Absolutely. And proving them right will only just do it more justice for the fact that like, man, that's your people. You know what I'm saying? You do. You it, it doubles down on it's bigger than you, you know, what we do from an, what I do from an NFL perspective, from a father perspective, from a husband perspective is small to, to the grand scheme of things, of the impact that I can have on lives everywhere, across this entire world. Right. Obviously within my household, like that's the most important thing right now. How I go within how I'm doing, treating my own family is how I'm gonna go about doing the rest of the world. Right. Right. Yeah. 'cause what I want for myself, I want for everyone.


But I think it is important when you are around people that are giving you positive energy to just give they flowers and be grateful for me, You impacted Big Cat and myself when we did those drills with you. Keep the ball high. Yeah. I think about that all the time because That's, that was our dream. Yeah. I always wanted to be there on that arena. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So what are, what are you doing? You got any new Oh yeah. Any new workouts that you've been working on? Like a dog that's gonna attack you? Or like some c No, no, no dog. No dog is Is gonna, there's been dogs of your videos There. Yeah. There was a Belgian Malinois. Well, well my dog, my ts is she, she is one of my best defenders and she's not gonna attack me. Okay. Right. She just, but you have had dogs in your videos is a big ball. What's the thing, the machine you were running in that was like, it was like a big, I don't even know what it was.


You got so many crazy videos out there. Right? Well it's intentional. These are Yes. I like it. I want I want your, I actually would love for your trainer to come up to our office in Chicago and I send us through some. I know you would love that, but I don't know if you ready for it. Yeah, I'm ready For it. That's the thing. I don't think y'all ready for it. Alright. So does he have anything new this year you think? No. We, we don't, we don't have anything new. We, That's such a lie. I am gonna, we're gonna see a video in like a month. It's Gonna be so awesome. It's gonna be, it's gonna be new to the world, But It would not, it would not be new to us. We, we don't, we don't function in surprises. We don't, we don't function as in, and you know, in conspiracies we just go, we just put the work in and we lock in and do what, what's required to, to be done.


Is there ever a day though that you show up and it's like, you know, maybe it's, you know, the backyard and it's like, there's a bat. There's like boxing gloves, there's like a bunch of towels and you're like, what, what's going on here? What are we doing today? So if, if you want me to get you a picture Yeah. Of that exact se setup, I can give it to you. I got, I got a, I got a heavy bat right here. I got a Bosu ball in the middle. Yep. I got a trampoline right here with some towels on there. And, and I got some boxing books, GS And half round. I need that. I need that picture. We, we gotta get you that picture. Yeah. Yeah. How often do you work out? Do you work out like five, five days a week? So in the early process is just three days a week.


In the early process means like directly after the season toward the Super Bowl. When I get the opportunity to play in a extended long period of time, I'm going continue to do what I've been doing in the season. But three, three days a week, sometimes five. If I'm just like, man, like I gotta get it. You know what I'm saying? If I, if I done got a big stomach just sitting around eating much, You gotta watch what you eat. Yeah, Absolutely. So a, after the season, like I, I really, I really, I eat what I want. Yeah. For the, for the most part. And once I got here, it being Mar Gras, Mardi Gras season and King Cake's opening up on my birthday, you know what I'm saying? On King's Day. And I got a granddaddy that always want to gimme pre lean and stuff like that.


Like it is just too much. Too much good food. When's your birthday? January 6th. Oh, Okay. Okay. You January. Happy birthday. We missed It. We're January guys as well. Our birthday was last week. Yeah. Well, Happy birthday. Thank you both. Y'all Birthday? Yeah. On the same day. The 30th. He's the 31st back to back. And my cousin birthday is the, my favorite cousin. The 29th. Oh cousin. I came for your y birthday. There We go. There are gonna be some other cousins that listen to this that think you're talking about them. That's not my birthday. Everybody know I'm talking about Taytay. Everybody, all my family know who I'm talking about. Okay. Why, why Is Taytay your favorite? I I think what he's has overcame, man. When we grew up, he was always the person that people didn't mess with. But, you know, in terms of school, he was always misunderstood whether it is from grade school all the way up.


And I took just a leap of faith. 'cause he had numerous medications to like, Hey Tay, when I go to Tampa, like, man, you come with me. Like, and actually it ended up like this. It wasn't like you come with me, it was more like, Hey Tay, you come on down here, spend a good time in Tampa, then Tay ain't wanna leave. You know what I'm saying? And then I was just like, man, nah, you deserve this. You deserve to experience this. That's awesome with me. And like, man, he doesn't take all those mans that he, he's been taking man. He's, he's finding him a job. Like he has a, a one bedroom apartment. Like he's living a life that a lot of people would've never thought that he would be able to live Yeah.


Through sustaining his self, you know? That's awesome. So I'm, I'm just proud of him and that's why I'm a firm believer, like, you never let people place limitations on you. Right there, there is a, there is a right situation for you. There is a right scenario for you, but as long as you continue to desire that, no one trying to place that hold or that lack on, you can stop you shout. That's awesome. Shout out out Taytay. That's awesome. Shout out Taytay. I appreciate it. Hey, I got a random question for You. Happy birthday. C Yeah. Happy birthday. Who'd you vote for? For the Heisman? Who did I vote for? Well, I, I voted for Shado first. You voted first. Yeah. He No, he was, he was, he was on there. I voted for Travis and I, I voted for Cam Ward.


That's, that's who I voted for. No, no, no order. But I know Shadur was, he was just how my mind just because of what he has encompassed with throughout his whole collegiate career. And it's similar like to Bo. Right. Because I, I, I got a chance to be in the same state as, as Bo and see his, him, him, him show up. But we all got to witness like Urs maturation process. Even when DM was coaching the high school team in Dallas. Like they had a TV show back then. 'cause I mean, I know Prime Time is some of y'all favorite athletes Yeah. Out there. So just all he encompassed as like his whole c collegiate career. We got to see it.


And he never played a bad game. All he did was ball. You know what I'm saying? He had some, he had a few losses here and there, but he balled out for the most part. So I had to make sure that he got him a trip up there to, to New York. I don't know if he did, but I'm glad Travis won. Yeah. I'm glad Cam won. Had the year he, he won. I just wish he would've went to Florida State. Yeah. With this NI design. Wow. This NIL Stuff is Crazy. It's probably good that he didn't, that was a bad season for Florida State. At what point in the season were you like, oh man, I, I never, I never lost faith. You should have. I I, I never, never lost. I never lost faith. I just, I just refused to text anybody back. They was talking to me about Florida State, you know, Did you hear about the guy that wouldn't eat the dog poop?


He, he What? Yeah. Oh, you didn't, this this is, this is why season went off. This is where me and Big Cat lost faith in Florida State. He Wouldn't, he said he would eat poop if Florida State lost to Georgia Tech in Ireland and Then, And we No, it was Boston College. College. Yeah. Yeah. Boston College. They were like 17 point fa so they lost week one in Ireland and then there were 17 point favorites, week two, I think there was that Monday night game. And he was like, if we lose outright, I'm gonna eat, I'm gonna eat dog poop on camera. And then he didn't and then didn't Cursed. He didn't do deactivated. Cursed the, he left the internet and then Yeah, just loss after loss kept piling up. Like that's, that's why your season went so poorly. Oh my gosh. He should've eaten the dog poop. He shouldn't have said that he was going to eat dog poop.


But don't you agree that he should've eaten the dog poop? But don't we all agree like, when we're walking our dog, like, Tussy just did this today and she sniffs other poop and take and bites the poop. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm just like, why did you do that? Like, She's probably trying to get Florida State back on track. She, she, she did it for the nose. But I'm just saying like, do we not think about that with our dogs? Like, look like I'm, I'm in your face shit on the lips. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I'm in your face and I just witnessed you eat dog poop. But for the record, you think that guy should have eaten the dog poop. Right? I I think he definitely should have stood on business. I agree. I agree. I think he definitely should have. Oh man. We didn't ask you about this last time. We were, we, we were like getting to know each other. And then after we got done with the interview, you said, I thought you were gonna ask me about the crab legs.


Yeah. Yeah. So we didn't do that last time. Yeah. But, but I feel like now we have to. Right. We've always had your back, by the way on this, there's never been any judgment coming from us. No. Thank you to the crab leg story. But if you want to, if you wanna speak on the crab leg story Yeah. And educate people about the truth behind some of the misconceptions. I just want to educate everyone about the new addition of NIL and the things that it allows our young athletes to do or not to do. And before NIL if you did anything illegal, you would get suspended, you would lose your year of eligibility and, and your career would be over. You know? So I don't condone anything bad happening from a collegiate athlete that was done between 2016 through before that, you know.


But when NIL started a lot of opportunities and doors that were already open Yes. Were reopened with the birth of a collective saying, we gonna give you money to get. Yeah. Yeah. You know, so that is the best political way that I can put that situation. But, you know, I, I am grateful that the crab legs have provided me with so many opportunities to talk about crab les get crab les thrown at me. And you know what? Get free crab les from Fulton Fish Market. There we go. There We go. That's, that's the biggest thing. You would've made so much money in NIL. Yeah. Oh my goodness. Like that crab led thing would've never been like, oh my gosh.


Like I would've had so many crab led You Would've been, you would've been living in crab about Crab. Yeah. You think back to like Ohio State and the huge scandal, the massive scandal. It was the big his story in sports at the time. Because some guys got tattoos. Right. They got free tattoos Right. For giving their jersey to somebody. Right. And that was the only thing that we talked about for like three months. And if that happened now it's, it's like not nobody cares at all. Right. Nobody would care. Right. And the same thing I think with the crab legs, it's like, okay, by the way, there are worse things to be thrown at you for the course of your life. That crab legs. Yeah. Crab legs are delicious. I Know. But I can eat them in my uniform. Like, it is, it is not really fun to be getting thrown when you walk into the tunnel. You know, like, yo crab leg.


Oh, I was hungry. Thank you Lord. So, So we, we hope you have a long fruitful NFL career. We hope that you fulfill your dream of being a starting quarterback, winning a Super Bowl. Hope all that happens. But when the time comes to hang them up, I predict that you will have a massive podcast. Yeah. Hopefully a partial Sports. Hopefully a Yeah. But if yeah, if not you, we have to be invited on occasionally because we're gonna, we're gonna need some shine from the Jameis Winston podcast. I don't think you want people to, me and Big Cat are still out. Yeah. You better at least call Us. I want to give y'all y like a lot of people talk about Jamus, you should do this, you should do that. I don't think people know about the sweat equity that you guys put into this, that your team puts into this.


Yeah. Obviously big names can get a mic and say their opinion, you know, but the, the inten intentionality and precision that you have, the thought of y'all guests, what y'all doing, what RC is doing with the pivot. Like it is unbelievable. And it's really changing lives. You know what Jay Shetty's doing with on pro purpose, like this is a new wave that our, our fans are able to really get the, the quality information that they need from what they want. And y'all do that with the best of them. If not, y'all gotta be the best because that's why I came on here first. Appreciate it. Yes. Honestly. But nah man, I don't think people know the sweat equity and the team that you gotta have to, to produce something great.


Like yeah, I can get a mic, but I wanna be great. Yeah. You know, I just don't want to do this just to be able to have y'all on the show and say, Hey you, you know, I had, you know, Big Cat and PFT on like what y'all, what y'all think about that? You know what I'm saying? Nah, I'd listen to that. Just not even with us. I'm just saying how you intro that. It could be anyone I'd listen. No, I just want, I want Even watching Film, you've been studying podcasts. Well I've been studying y'all. Right. Because y'all are great. Right. And I think that's one thing that a lot of great people do. They study greatness. So if this is one avenue that I decide to take, like y'all gonna be a part of it. Yeah. 'cause y'all great. You better gimme a call. I listen the Fox thing, I'm happy for you.


I didn't like that. I found out on Twitter. 'cause I was just like, I just, when you do decide to hang them up and you're like, this is my next career, just give us a chance. Okay. Give us a chance to make an offer. Well, thank you. I'm, I'm grateful that you, you And Gruden in a podcast together. That Would be elite. I'm, I'm happy that you said that line because Imagine And Gruden Oh my gosh. That that really mean that you care about me. Yeah. No, I, I need to get, I need to get a call being like, it's time and then we just, we hit the button Jam and Gruden and it just go to the moon. Ooh. Jam strap in Jam Gruden and Fred Smoot. Oh Man. Do you know one of the first football camps that I went to was Sam Shade and Fred Smoot. Yeah. Did he talk shit to in Birmingham kids? He did.


But that, That put something in us. Yeah. And another fun fact, me and my wife was at the same camp. Oh. Oh, That's crazy. So it, that's how Destiny worked, man. Yeah. Like nothing is done by coincidence. The fact that we sit here again on the pre-up bowl Sunday. Yep. You know, and with a beautiful background, beautiful cast. Like nothing is done. Coincidentally. Yeah. Did You say you, you met your wife at Fred Smo football camp. Oh My gosh. Please don't put that on there. No I didn't. Alright. She just happened to be there as well. No, She, she was a camper. Oh, okay. Nice. So we are here for the Super Bowl Max is, if you talk about like sweat equity that you put into a podcast, max has been sweating this entire week.


He's, that's max. Very nervous. Oh my goodness. Big guy. Give us a preview for the game, Man. I'm, I'm, I'm in a win-win for this situation because we, we we're witnessing Patrick Mahomes do something that we haven't really witnessed be done from another quarterback this early on in their career. So I'm so proud that he is executing to the level that he's executing with his team. And we all get to witness Travis Kelsey have the most beautiful, popular woman in the world win the Super Bowl with them. I think that's amazing as well. Just a storyline. Just what everything that NFL encompasses, I think that's amazing. But we also, I grew up a Philadelphia Eagles fan.


Oh, there go, I, I've always admired Jalen Hurtz and what he does from the quarterback position. 'cause I think a lot of people shortchange him. And what he does and what he does is he does the most important quality of a quarterback, and that is to win. So I'm excited to see him step onto this stage. Him being four hours down the road in Houston, Texas. This being a homelike game for him. You know, two Texas boys with their second matchup together in the dome, the city of life, the city of resilience. Will Jalen make the most of his second opportunity? Will the King Rise again? And how was the halftime show be this year? Yeah. Like how about, how about that?


When Drake tried to sue, he tried to sue everybody to make them not do not like us. Yeah. He's gonna play that song, right? Oh Yeah, Man. You know, I, I'm a huge Ky Lamar fan, but like, I, I think like, I don't want, I want to know what y'all opinion would be about if Lil Wayne brought the culture of New Orleans and all the artists in New Orleans and performed. Because most of the fans there at the Super Bowl, like, they're not, they, they probably not Kendrick Lamar fans. Yeah. Right. You know what I'm saying? They probably not Lil Wayne fans, but I think understanding the, the culture and experience of this city, what Lil Wayne would've been able to do. I know Kendrick is going to rock the house.


Yeah. I know that for, for, for for a fact. But I think like Lil Wayne, he wanted that Super Bowl experience to be back home. I'm a no, I'm a no limit soldier. Yeah. You don't, don't die. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. We keep rolling. Nah, nah. Yeah. No, I know the block would've been hot for sure. It's gonna be a great performance. I kind of agree. I like to see a little bit of the local flavor wherever they're at. Yeah. Like when it was in Los Angeles, that was incredible. Yeah. What they did there. It would've been, it would've been cool. But also when, when not like GU drops, it's gonna be the best. Yeah. People Are gonna like that. Yeah. I I think that's definitely the most popular song that we've been accustomed to. Yeah.


Like that's, that's summer heat, you know, but I I don't want no beef for any of them. No. I just, I just, I just want, I just want my franchise quarterback opportunity Yes. To be the winning quarterback that I'm capable of being. Yes. I love that. All right. So last question.


Rollback question R-H-O-B-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. I'm wearing it right now. Rollback dot com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase.


So we said Max, he's a diehard Eagles fan. Last time in the Super Bowl two years ago, he drank champagne the night before and he got a little ahead of himself. Can you give Max just some words, some Jameis Winston words of wisdom on how he needs to act going into the Super Bowl, knowing that like, you can't lose twice to him? Yeah. You can't have that happen. Max. I I promise you it wasn't a champagne that lost the game, but it might've been. But Max one Eagles fan to another Eagles fan, we gotta get this one. Okay. So lock in, do whatever's required for you to have the best day that you possibly can have.


Okay. He's not locked in. I'm locked in. I'm locked. He lost, he drank champagne and lost his phone the night before the super. Oh, You lost your phone? Yeah. Oh, it was that type. Oh my goodness. Well, please don't drink no champagne in New Orleans. 'cause I promise you it won't be pretty. He got sick all over himself in the back of a cab too. Come on in the back of a Cab. Oh my gosh. All Right. Well, Jamis, you're the best man. Love having you on. And let's, let's hope someone gives you that chance. We wanna see you starting in the NFL and when the day does come that you hang them up, you better gimme a Call man. Thank you brother. All right. I appreciate y'all.


James Winston's brought to you by truly, let's get unruly boys. Let's have an unruly boy. Winter Crack me. One of those Truly an Edelman hand me a truly a serving. Truly unruly is the first high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. Truly unruly is a hard seltzer. Breaks all the rules, drinks light parties hard with 8% a BV. It hits hard, but it still tastes amazing. It's actually really, really good. And then you think 8%? Yeah. I think I'll have a truly comes in four fresh flavors. Tropical twist, berry blast, citrus Crush, strawberry Smash. That's my favorite Strawberry Smash. Yep. I think I like the Berry Blast. Same. I think I like the Berry blast. But the Strawberry Smash also. Very good. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly at a store near you. Or visit www.trulyhardseltzer.com. Love an ice cold. Truly yes. Having a few ice cold trulys here in New Orleans. Shout Out truly for supporting the boys. I'm Very pumped. Yes. So let's support truly.


All right, let's do FAQs. Before we do that, it is the end of the show. So Max Super Bowl score update. What was the last one I did? No, you, How you feeling right now? Go, go. Vibe how feeling Can't tell you what you did last at this moment. Alright. 38 24. Okay. 38 to a show. Wow. So that actually has got, so it was 32 24 on, on Monday's show. We're now the Eagles have gotten better from Monday to Wednesday. They have gotten significantly better. I like that. So what is that another touchdown missed extra point. Something like that. I think it's actually no, 'cause 32, we got 32 from four touchdowns and four two point conversions. Yep. I think the Eagles just tacked on three safeties.


Oh, I like that. Yeah, I like that. Yeah. Yeah. It was a safety fest. Patrick Mahomes is zero Awareness in the pocket. None. Yeah, none. Jalen Carter. Just eating back there. Eating. Oh, just eating. How you feeling Max? I Feel great. Yeah, I feel great. I'm ready to go. I'm ready for Sunday Lane. It's only Tuesday. We Haven't done, we haven't, we haven't interviewed Lane yet, but I'm sure he was great. I'm sure he was dialed. Did you read that article today? I think he was on the MMQB about Italian culture and the Philadelphia Eagles. No, but it sounds like a good reaction. You're gonna have to read. I should Get into that. They all, Did they mention Max? They did not mention Max. Oh. But they mentioned like four coaches on the team. How they all go to this one restaurant with this paisan that kisses them on the lips.


Sits 'em down. They yell at each other. But some people are like, oh, they're fighting. No, we're just Italian. Yeah. This is how we communicate. Did They mention Big Dom? They did. Big Domm was, was featured heavily in this article. Yeah. Max Should have been Mentioned. No, no, No, no. Big Dom's Father. Brick layer. Love That. Blue collar. He's The best hands. Uses his hands. All right. FAQs. Long time listener. First time caller question for Dan and Eric. Whoa. Ooh. Oh, It's a bit familiar. What tabs? Don't use government names. What tabs do you generally have open for every show Max? The ads I have usually ESPN.


And it's usually like NFL standings because I just forget what every Team's record is. I, I'll have one page that's open to some league standings. Yeah. Usually not the NFL, but I'll just have like the random NBA standings pulled up so I can remind myself, oh yeah. The rockets are somehow good. And Then I'll, I'll usually have Twitter 'cause I've been starting to bookmark tweets that I wanna bring up, which has been very handy. That's smart. Yeah. Yeah. So I'll have x.com the everything app. And really that's the only app that you need to have open at anytime. It's still Twitter on my computer. Bleep that out. Okay. Don't say the T word. Yeah, we, yeah, I, I, I'll have the ads pulled up and then I'll have a Google Doc that has like links to the tweets and stories Yeah.


That I wanna talk about. Not a lot of stuff, not a lot of high level stuff. Or if it's like a Friday show, if it's a preview show. Oh, I'll put my notes in There. I'll have my stats that are, that are pulled up. Yeah. Yeah. DraftKings odds. DraftKings Odds. Yeah. Friday show will be, DraftKings will be all my notes. But I do like writing notes by hand. That's what I do on Sunday nights, because I think I just, I absorb things better when I'm writing 'em Down. I also have flight tracker pulled up. Sometimes I have to. So have you guys Flight simulator? No, not flight simulator. Flight Tracker. My, my laptop doesn't have the gaming power to process flight Simulator. He's the only place Flight simulator on Thursdays, Friday, Saturdays and Sundays. Yeah. That's when there's a squadron event. I have to contribute to my squadron. And He used to have a guy named KKK in the squadron.


Yep. I was, for a while, I was afraid that I had somehow gotten into a white supremacist flight simulator group and that, that took some years off my life. Trying to think that through. Eventually the guy named KKK made him change his name. Got Got him kicked out. Yeah. Pft. Wait, wait. You told us you got him kicked out? Yeah. You said you got him kicked out. I don't know if he left or if he changed his name. Yeah. I, I don't know. Because I was like, that's my boy. He got him kicked out. Way to stand up every, you know, if you, if you stand up even in the small spaces like your flight squadron. Yeah. That making a difference. I took a stand. Yeah. He might still be a white supremacist. That is in my online flight community. You changed different names. You just changed it to White Lives Matter. He's just undercover right now. Yeah.


But yeah, that was a, I don't have that pulled up during, during the games. But you know that there's been that helicopter that's been flying real low this week. I think it, it was like flying over the yak yesterday or flying over. Brandon Walker was pissed off about it. But I've noticed it a few places. That's Not saying much. I pissed off about everything. I Looked it up. You know what this helicopter is what they call it? A nuke sniffer. Oh. It's a radiation detection helicopter that's been traveling back and forth across the city of New Orleans every morning. Ah, Man. Just chill out Man. It's scanning for nuke. Would you rather not have that? Nah dude. I want the nuke sniffer. Don't worry about it. What, what are you doing? I don't know. This is just Wait, do you think, wait, can I ask a question? That's mean, that be an in insult question.


Think Can I ask the insult question? Yeah. Do you think the nuke sniffers alarms go off when Max farts? I knew that was, that's A good question. I knew that was gonna come. That's a good question. I knew that was coming. Okay. What, what was this? I don't know it. Okay, so conspiracy theory. So I was looking at Hank and doing this man. I would rather, I prefer, man, you gotta keep, man, I prefer the new sniffer to be out there. Yeah. It's here. It, it's checking. I I like That. Yeah. I like it too. There's nothing to Be worried about. Hey, what? You don't want the nuke sniffer? Nah. There's nothing to worry worried about, dude. Well, no. We never said there's nothing to worry about. Are you? My Worry Are you so woke and you're thinking that the, the helicopter is there to make us scared and make us There Might be No. Listen to your guys advice. No, no, no. You just keep it moving man.


Listen to our advice. No, the advice is the world is shitty and shitty things happen. But if you Don't worry about 'em, if You spend all day thinking about a bridge that collapsed six months ago, what? I Don't think about anything. We know that. Just keep it moving, Hank. Yeah. Just keep living man. Keep it moving. If there's a new cure, who cares? Yeah, Exactly. This is crazy. This guy should probably be arrested. Oh. I live in Philadelphia with three other diehard Eagles fans. We've been dealing with a, That's the arrest. We've been dealing with a rat issue out front and on the back patio with our trash cans, which we have to leave out there. If the Eagles lose, we decided we would massacre them to take our anger out.


Okay. Yes. How should we do it? Don't, It won't matter too. 'cause we'll win by lot. And should we feed them a big meal if we win? I think you, yeah. Yes. Rats on table. Of course. Italian food. Your Thoughts. Here's What you do. If the Eagles win, if the birds win, you need to reward those rats and they are your your new God right now. Yeah. Party sub. If the, if The eagles lose, it's put all party sub out there. You just gotta get some cats. Yeah. And just let nature take it. Course. I don't think that you should like, kill the rats by massacre Is an aggressive. Words for rats are rat extermination. Rats are the worst. No, I know. But like, just saying ma like thinking like, You know, a rat massacre. That's crazy. Just, just kill.


I mean, that's what they do every time they nuke the alleys in Chicago. That's a rat massacre. But do they say we're gonna go massacre these motherfuckers? I mean, if you look at the signs, it says like, this alley has been like carpet bombed with poison. Yeah. So, yeah. I I I'm kind of okay with it. Rats suck. True Rats. The massacre though. Please take video and send it to Us. That, that implies that you're using your hands. I don't think that you should use your hands. I Think you should use your hands. That's the only way that you're allowed to do it. If you can catch the rat with your hand and choke it out. Yeah. Rats. Never tap Hypothetical for Max. You're out at sea with Jason, Kelsey, big Dom and Nick Foles.


Oh wow. Who are you fucking first? Oh Wow. When out of nowhere. They're all captured by A Gang of pirates. You must choose one to set free one to live out their years as the pirate's hostage and one to be executed on the ship. Oh My God. What will you do Nick Foles. Jason Kel. Big go. So One to let free. Yeah. What does that mean? Let, like he let Free go home. They're Captured and then they're no longer captured. So I'm a pirate in this, in this scenario. No, your the spokesperson, your Friends are, are captured by pirates. You're negotiating with them and they said you can set one free. One of us is staying with us forever. The other one's dying right now.


I think this is easy. I think this is easy. Why? I have an answer. Give your answer then. Jason Kelsey's a pirate. He was born to be a pirate. He would like probably enjoy being a pirate. I think also if we just, if we got rid of Jason Kelsey eliminates competition in the podcast game. Yeah. Nick Foles, you unfortunately have to kill big Dom. You set free and then he'll get vengeance. Big Dom is big. Dom was for sure being set free. Yeah. He'll get vengeance. Yeah. Yeah. He will find those. That was The only thing I knew. The other, I couldn't figure out the other two. We'll figure it out right now. I think This is good podcasting.


I don't know. I don't want to answer this question. They're my guys. I love all those Guys. You have to answer the question. I love all those guys. Don't Answer. They All all die. Huh? If you Don't, if you don't answer them, they I'll die. Yeah. So I have to kill one. Yes. No, you're giving, you're not killing them. The pirates are, you're telling The pirate to execute them. But the pirates, that doesn't necessarily, they could beat the pirates. Sure. I think Nick Foles is such a winner. He would just beat the Pirates. Oh, So you, so you're executing Nick Foes, the one guy Not executing quarterback. Quarterback has gotten you a only Super Bowl guy. You think, You think that Nick Foles would stand a better chance going toe to toe with pirates than big Dom would?


Oh, I actually Have his number. Should we call him right now and tell him that you executed him? I didn't execute it. It was he I mean he beat Tom Brady. That's true. You would've said the same thing about that. You know Tom Brady didn't pun that Super Bowl. That's crazy. Huh? You just executed Him. I didn't execute him. I said I, I believe in him to be a winner. Okay. Interesting. Defy all odds. That's a good FAQ. Nick Foles. That's a very frequently asked question. Alright, last one. If the birds win, how much shit do you think Max is gonna give everyone for finally being a champion while on PMT? I Actually don't think, I think he's gonna just be so happy with himself that he doesn't, I don't think he's gonna be thinking about us that much.


There's nothing that we can say to, to hurt him in that moment. I think it's gonna be more like a residual thing. Like two months from now side comment's made and he's like Super Bowl champion. Like that's where you're gonna see it two Months full year. Yeah. He's not gonna take Well, no, no. I'm saying he's not Gonna be back for like a Year. I'm saying two months. Like, I don't think you're gonna come on if the Eagles win, I don't think you're gonna come on just like straight talking shit. You're gonna be so happy about the Eagles. And then like in two months there'll be like a random comment and you'll be like, I'm a Super Bowl champion. I don't know what you're talking about. Yeah. But yes, that will last for a long time. It'll change everything. Or it would change everything. And what happens if you lose? It's The same. We've been, we've it Worse. It's worse. It's worse. It's Way worse.


Why is it worse? It's the Same thing. It's, no, it's worse. Yeah. But it's again, it's Again, I'm already looked at as second place guy. Yeah. But it Reaffirms and then it just, yeah. That's It. No, but you get even more Second place. Add another one to the tally. It's fine. Like that's No, I is what? I think you're underestimating how bad it will be. Few years. It's gonna be really bad. Yeah, it'll be bad. I hope you win for your sake. No you Don't. You're right. I don't You don't want at all. I hope Hope You win. For my sake. Yeah. I hope you Win for my sake. Yeah. Bad. We're gonna, no, it'll it'll just be I I'll it'll be the same song and dance. Should we cash out and just bet the chief? No, No. I mean, I, the one good part about the Eagles winning this would be Max just constantly shoving it in Hank's face.


Sure. All the time. That's fine. What I wouldn't Hank, Hank is my brother and my brother and birds. Okay. Alright. We use your words there. Max. Max. Think of what I was, I was gonna say brother in arms and I don't know brother in birds. Brother Birds. Yeah. Max, if, if you lose, it'll definitely be bad. I think it'll be worse. You're underestimating how bad it's gonna be. But if you win, you're gonna do that thing where you get so happy that you're angry. Yeah. Oh yeah. And you'll be screaming every like crying, scream. I'm gonna be Angry. Scream, no matter what you're, it's Gonna be Be crying, Screaming. But you'll be the happiest you've ever been in your Life. Yeah. No matter what. Monday's show's gonna be incredible. Yeah. Monday's show's gonna be incredible. We'll just see. Okay, let's kick it to ourselves. We got lottery ball.


There was actually a, a WO tweeted me today. He said that he's been, he's been guessing the number since the beginning of the lottery ball machine. He's never gotten it. So that's Crazy. Do you have anybody like that? Well, memes listen. Credit to memes. He didn't guess it for the first What year. So this guy is somehow worse. This is Chris Cm Marsha 51. Shout out. He said he had to come clean 'cause it was bothering him for the entire history of the lottery ball machine. He has never gotten it right. That's pretty Crazy. Let me know if you ever get it right. 'cause I, I'm now invested in this, so, alright, let's kick it to ourselves. Okay? Numbers, memes.


If you get the number during Super Bowl week, I mean this is Max's week, but if you get No, this is memes week. No, we've upgraded from Eagles week to Max week. Mem week. Okay. Max week. I like that. It's Max versus the chiefs numbers. 80, 85. I'm gonna guess two 11. I'm, I'm thinking of players on that. Come on. Memes and eagles. You're not gonna get it Number. Alright. 77, You're never gonna get it. Memes 30, 30.


Love you guys.