
Hey. Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We have a two for, for the people. Little Italian. Two for, we got Super Bowl champion Nick Sirianni. Awesome interview with Coach. And then we have one of our favorite recurring guests, Diana Rossini talking some football. We are going to talk some football because we had some news over the weekend. Matthew Stafford, Deebo Samuel. We're gonna do a little national sports podcast talk as well. College basketball. It is March, we got who's back of the week, and


it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings who's scoring big in the NBA this season. You are with the all new way to get in on the action at DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NBA DraftKings, the home of NBA player Props so you can get behind your favorite players. Any which way for monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. It's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking an NBA player prop. Here's something special for first timers, new DraftKings customers bet $5. Get $150 in bonus bets instantly take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. Hey, football mindset. Yeah. Mindset. Yeah. My, my, my take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings.


The crown is yours. Today is Monday, March 3rd And we had our first domino in the QB shuffle. Matthew Stafford is staying in Los Angeles with the Rams ski tripped. Didn't work out for Tom Brady. Ski trip did not work out well. It did work out for the rest of us 'cause we got a reporter fight out of it. But yes, Matthew Stafford staying with the Rams, which I always, always thought made the most sense because the Rams were, you could make the argument like they, they played the Eagles the toughest Yeah. In, in the playoffs. So yeah, They almost won that game in the first Quarter. Right. And they, and they had a really bad start to the season, but then they played great down the stretch. It feels like they still have a window with Matthew Stafford.


I think it's a two year deal. I was listening Kelly Stafford's podcast. Okay. And by listening to, I mean just like anticipating what she would say, my guess is she probably didn't wanna leave LA I would say so. And you're on it. Like why would you if you were Matthew Stafford never made sense. Want to go to the Giants, no offense, the Giants, but the Giants aren't gonna win a Super Bowl. Right. The Rams could conceivably in the next two years compete for a Super Bowl. It would be crazy to leave that situation. So yeah, he's, he's set and now it's a question of where Aaron Rogers will go. Giants. And he's probably Raiders. I've heard that he's trying to bring Devonte with him again. Yep. So he has a wishlist. And I feel like if I were Aaron, I would just wanna stay in New York and just go to the other locker room.


Yeah. Run it back. Get that solar, those solar panels on your house in New Jersey. Finally, you know, get 'em fully installed. Yeah. Stretch Your legs. Lay down roots there. Yeah. And then it feels like the Raiders might be in the Sam Donald market from what everyone is saying. So I, I just love that there is a Sam Donald Market. Yeah. We need, we need a Sam Dar market And the Steelers are just gonna Run It back with Rusty, run it back with Russy. Yeah. And Kirk has, is gonna be a backup. But this was the big 'cause if Stafford had gone somewhere else, it would obviously had a, a chain reaction down the line. Now a lot of people are saying, what are the Cowboys up to? Windhorse. Oh, what are the Cowboys up to? Because Jerry Jones, he likes to talk.


Jerry loves him some media. He did not talk at the combine this year. Oh. Mm. He did not address reporters. And apparently everybody else from the Cowboys is being very quiet. Mm. So what's what's going on in Dallas right now? Did you see the Dax Ben Ucci Back D'S Cap hit? I believe they'll probably restructure it and kick the can down the road. But I, I think I saw Florio report that D'S Cap hit this year's $90 million. Dak Prescott's cap number for 2025 is set to be nearly $90 million. A restructuring could drop it as low as $51 million. They'll keep kicking the can until they inevitably take a massive cap hit after he is no longer on the team. $90 million.


I don't understand the cap. That feels like a lot that Could, he took a pretty big cap at in Panama City Beach. This one might be even bigger. Yes. A hundred million dollars is a lot of money to pay. Anyway. Again, if you're a Cowboys fan, you shouldn't really care. Whenever you see somebody be like, oh, you overpaid for this guy, who cares? It's not your money. But if it runs into this situation where you're not able to pay anybody else, Yeah. I would say if the team suffers for it, you should care. Yeah. And this feels like $90 million again, they'll probably restructure it. We need, you know what, who's the, who's the pathologist that we can get on? We need to get a pathologist Hank on the show. No, just explain it all to us. So There's a guy, what's his name? Jason, over the cap. He runs over the cap.


Ooh, I follow that guy online. He's good. Oh, Breaking moves. Breaking moves. OJ Simpson. Yeah. Not in the memorial. Oh. Oh, They didn't include him in the Oscars Memorial Chefy. Is he chef punching air? Well, He's the only one who respects oj. Damn. We also had an a WO That's okay. I almost could see the Oscars honoring OJ more than I could see Adam Shefter honoring him. Yeah, because he was Say what You he was in movies. Say what you want about him off the field. But on the silver screen he was pretty good in the naked gun. Yeah. Way better person than he was actor. Yes. No, he was a good actor. I mean, you Yeah. He wasn't a good actor. Oh, he was an actor. Did you see him try to put the glove On? That's true. Doesn't Fit.


It's Too small. That's true. That's true. Yeah. Just a couple jokes about a double murder. I mean, When he said not guilty. Yeah. Somebody believed him. Yeah. So yeah, chef d by the way, thanks to a WL who found it. He did, he did put Aaron Hernandez in the in memoriam Chefy tweet, which now has become, it's the most important tweet. I'm, I'm looking forward to this year. If, If any anybody on this show passed away, God forbid they gotta make Chefy tweet. Right? I think you and I would. I think Hank would. I'm on the Christmas list. Steven Jay Wood. Jay Wood for sure. I don't know if Max and Memes wouldd maybe have to put a little, we'd have to maybe text him and let Him know. I think, I think Hefty would do It.


Hey, max died Memes in ingrown. Ingrown toenail. It Is kinda crazy that every time somebody dies, the first thing Adam Shefter does is he runs to the dock on his phone. Yeah. He's got a death doc then writes their name in. Yeah. A death doc. A reverse Hit list. Alright, so Stafford staying with the Rams. PFT, you got Deebo. Samuel got Deebo big time. Got Deebo. You got a little, you got a little upset in the group chat this weekend. I did a little miscommunication, did a little miscue In the, in the group chat and hand up. I think I was like seven beers deep at the bar on, on Saturday. I was watching some college basketball, watching some golf and yeah, I had a couple cocktails and so the Deebo News broke. I was pumped about the Deebo News. Yeah. Because I love watching Deebo play football. I think he won our first ever award on part of my take for a guy who I like watching play football the most.


Yeah. Deebo is very fun to watch when he's in good shape. And a lot of people were like, oh, you got Fat Deebo. You got, he's so fat. You're gonna hate that fatty. First of all, number one, let's not fat shame people. Agreed. This is not a James Harden situation. He looked a little slower last year. Yes, I agree. I may have even said at one point he was fat. Please don't look up the tapes. But if anybody has perfect information on Deebo Samuel, it's Adam Peters, who I believe drafted Deebo and worked around Deebo for a long time in San Fran. He's now the GM of the Commanders. When I met, I sat with him at the combine. I told him, number one, if you need me to commit any felonies for the team, I'll do it. I'll be the fall guy.


I I'm your guy for that. Number two, I trust you. If you like Deebo, I trust your evaluation of Deebo. So then he's Like, I got it. And he is like, okay, I have the support of the fan base. No, but I, I think he does know more than anybody what Deebo is like right now. I he's 29 years old. It's not like he's super old. Yeah. He, he's on, he's definitely on the wrong side of his career. But it doesn't matter because you're signing him. It's not like you're signing him for the next five years. Right. You're signing him for this year. You just need him to be deebo for a year. Yeah. The contract's big, but who cares if he's good for a year? It doesn't matter. Yeah. Fifth round pick what We give. Yeah. It would be one thing if you, if you sign him and you're like, all right, new long-term contract for Deebo, that's, yeah.


He probably has lost the step and he's not the same as he was, but it doesn't matter. You just need like 85% of Deebo for a year. Yeah. I'm pumped to watch Deebo. Yeah. So What was the anger about? So the anger, so here I'll read it to you guys. So memes, so PFT said fifth round pick fleeced meme said Cowboys traded fourth round for Mingo. PFT said, okay, question mark, you traded a third to us for Dotson memes said I'm not Max. I'm saying that's good. PTI said, I'm sorry, I saw the, the m my bad. So memes Max. Yeah. And then Max chimed in and said, we actually won a Super Bowl though. So congrats on the off season win. We'll take the actual ring.


Piety said it's a what have you done for me lately? League keep living in the past Max. And Max said, well lately I won a Super Bowl. You on the other hand, lost in the conference championship. PT said last month Max said buy a lot also, you want to take a look at those miles Garrett's next team's odds thing, things are changing. And PT said, keep focusing on that ring. You already won. Loser. So I guess Miles Garrett, I mean, let's be honest, max has been milking this fucking Super Bowl for everything it's worth. Yeah. He took a vacation, not on vacation week. Kind Of a loser move to celebrate winning a Super Bowl Onto the next You we we're about to talk to Nick Ani. I think my first question was like, Hey dude, isn't it bullshit? You have to be at the combine. He's like, I've been working basically two days a or day after the parade.


Yeah. He's got a next man up mentality. If I won a Super Bowl, I wouldn't even celebrate it. I, my celebration would end the, the second that the Super Bowl concluded. Super. No, super Bowl Sunday you get till Super Bowl Sunday. Midnight. Yeah. Midnight. Yeah, Midnight. And that's It in whatever time. So yeah. No parade Midnight. I don't think I'd participate in parade. I didn't go to the parade. I wouldn't. It's true. Yeah. But you, you've just fake talking about being a winner this whole time. Max. Yeah. So Miles Garrett A month ago, Max, are you gonna get Miles, Garrett? I, I don't know. Things are changing. Things are changing. The Commanders were the heavy favorites other than the, other than the Browns. No, the Browns were the heavy favorites. Correct. But for if you were to bet on any team other than Cleveland, it was Washington and now it's Eagles and Washington have the same, same odds.


Whoa. Okay. So, but no one's a heavy favorite. No. Did Howie do it again or did Howie do it again? How he could do it again. He could do it again. I think what's happening here is the Commanders and the Eagles both want Miles. Garrett just as much to have him as much to keep him away from the other team in the division that wants him. Do you think the Eagles are thinking about the Commanders Max? Sure. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That's all I ever wanted. Yeah. I'll give, yeah, I'll give you that. Yeah. Have fun with Fat Deebo. Alright. Okay. Max, you're the, come on, You're the, come on Max. You're the heaviest favorite on this podcast. I'm not a favorite. I'm just heavy. Oh, obese. Obese. That was, you're an Beast. That was from the, that was from the Yak chat. Yeah.


The case race obese. I Do, I do love watching Deebo when he has the ball in his hands. He's not, I don't know if you can call Deebo like a number two receiver. I feel like he's like, he's a, a Swiss Army slot. He's just maximum violence. Maximum Violence. That's what I, that's what I want. He Seeks violence. And you Know what? He's a good blocker too. Yeah. That's very important. Bubble screen merchant. Bubble screen merchant is some, some people would say maximum violence or bubble screen merchant Depending on, Shane told me he had the least separation in the entire NFL last year. Oh. He doesn't know if that's true, but Shane said it. He's not a separation guy. He's Married to the game. Yeah. He's a, he's a yak guy. Bubble screen. There could, there also is a theory that he could be unlocked now that he is outta Kyle Shanahan's offense.


'cause Kyle Shanahan did try to force the rock to Deebo a lot last year. There's a lot of times where it's like they're just trying to get Deebo going and it doesn't seem like the correct strategy. Yeah. What's the stat with Deebo and the win loss in terms of like when he plays and when he doesn't play. They're 52 and 29. When Deebo Samuel does play, I'm trying to figure out what they are without Deebo eight and 11 when He doesn't play. How many times was Trent Williams included in that? I, This is a Deebo Samuel stat. Okay. Because there were a couple times when Trent Williams and Deebo were out would lose. This is purely A Deebo Samuel staff, just a Deebo Samuel Staff. 52 and 29. When Deebo Samuel, it's pretty good by the way. Senior he's had sex. Okay. Remember that 52 and 29 when he plays and when he does not play, they are eight and 11.


Okay. That's a pretty big difference. Okay. Alright. So what else? Oh, Trey Smith got tagged franchise tags. So the chiefs are keeping him and then Kelsey officially, officially is coming back. Yep. As for the combine, I had some winners and losers and this is just based off of just tweets of videos I saw. Okay, loser Will Howard, did you see the cutup of him throwing passes? That was tough. Very mean. Whatever. Whoever did that to him. Will Howard also has nine inch hands. That's tough. So does Cam Ward winner Tyler show because he has nine and three fourths inch hands. Massive, Massive.


Also winner Jalen Mill. Yeah, Jalen Mill at the Senior Bowl. He measured his hands and I think they were eight and three fourths and he grew a half an inch on his hands to the combine. So now he's one nine and a quarter. I love that. That's huge. Loser. Isaiah Bond, because he said he was gonna maybe run a four one and then he ran a four four and he wasn't even the fastest Texas receiver. Matthew Golden ran a four three. I don't know who's who in Isaiah Bonds camp is telling him what to do because you just, that's just simple like where you're putting the expectations, you gotta go in and say, I don't know, I might run a four seven and then run a four four.


Like damn I'm way faster than I thought I was because four four's not slow, but it's not four one. And also, and it, and it wasn't even close to the fastest wide receiver. And he was, he was calling out his like setting his shot being like, I'm gonna be the fastest to ever do it. And his former teammate, Xavier worthy Yeah. Is way faster than way faster. And he posted something like respect those who came before you. Young one. Yeah. Yeah. Also Loser Will Campbell And winner Will Campbell, I have him as as a loser. 'cause his arm length is 32 and five eighth inches. Yeah. There's a lot of arm length Talk. The, the general consensus for a tackle is 33 inches. So he's three eighths of an inch away from having tackle length arms.


And so some teams are like, well gotta move him to guard. I think the Patriots would be very happy to get him and put him at tackle. I think he's, I had him as a winner because he, he hurt himself early on in one of the drills and then powered through it and actually had a few, a few of the drills he dominated, absolutely dominated. And he, he's gonna be, he's gonna be really, really fucking good. Yeah. I think he, he said, I think there was a quote. He is like, go look at my tape of the couple of sacks I ever gave up. None of 'em had anything to do with arm length. Yeah. We're talking about three eighths of an inch here. Yeah. Guys lie about that all the time. And then I also had Tyler Warren has small hands and wing size, which I still would bet on him being a very good player, but Loser.


How small His hands? I think it was like eight and three-fourths. Yeah. It's pretty small. Pretty small. And his wing size. Shockingly small. I have a winner Again. I think I would, I would bet on Tyler Warren being a good pro. Yeah. My winner. Mason Graham. Mm. Yeah, Because smooth he said I'm, I'm gonna go to the combine, but I'm only going to do bench press. Yeah. Which rocks. Yeah. He's like, fuck all this other shit. Just put me on the weights. Love that. Watch me move. Beast loser. Shado Sanders, his hat was three quarters of the way backwards when he dressed the media. Oh. So coward's watching that like a hawk. Oh Yeah. Also winner Mason Taylor because he ran the line drill where you catch it, catch it, run, run straight across the field.


And it was actually like beautiful to watch. 'cause his, his steps never deviated from the line. It was a perfect, perfect drill. So winner. That's One of those drills when you see somebody who's smooth and who's an actual athlete, run it. It looks like the easiest thing ever. And then when you watch one of us try to do it Well I'd fall on my face. Yeah, we already know that. Okay. Anything else from the NFL? I don't think so. I think that was pretty much it from the weekend. We have free agency starting soon. I think the cap or, or sorry, the franchise tag deadline is Tuesday. Yeah. So we're gonna find out what the Bengals are gonna actually do. And Then legal tampering starts, Then legal tampering starts. Alright.


National Sports podcast. Should we do a Little? Let's do it. This is March. Yeah, this is March. You made it. Well I I, my first national sports podcast note was Ovy Ovy scored another goal. So shout out Ovy. He did. And yeah, it was a nice goal. It wasn't, it wasn't your prototypical ovy setting up in the office. Wasn't an empty netter. Nice little goal from the middle of the ice. Little Richster top cheddar 1111 Away. Is that what it is? I believe so. I think it's 11. It was either away. 11 away or 12. And then yeah, it goes over. dApps up his son. I've got a new favorite caps fan though. Who? Tuna. Oh. Have you seen tuna? I have Not seen tuna. Bring Tuna's picture up on here. They showed this guy in the first period. Tuna fucking rocks.


Okay. He's a kid. And he's wearing like pit viper shades. Max is Oh, for one on searches And a hat that just says tuna. I Just got the Vy gold. Now we're just looking at a huge tuna max. Look up hashtag hashtag tuna. This this will work. This will definitely work. It should. It's Oh, there it is. Tuna. Tuna. Love that. Doesn't Tuna rock. Just A kid named tuna. Yeah. Big tuna. Love that. That's, that's our new unofficial mascot right now. Tuna. Okay. Yeah. This is March though. It is March big time. Had a great college basketball weekend. Hank, at what point, let's just get this outta the way. What point are you gonna start fading?


I have not lost in March yet. Just so everyone knows I'm eight Oh. In bets. I, I assumed Hank faded me when I got to like five or six and Oh, when are, when are you gonna do it? Is it gonna be Monday? Is it gonna be tonight? It might be. It's gonna be tonight. It might be. Okay. All right. I know you are so in my head about it that I know that when you do actually fade me, that will be one I lose. I feel bad for this one though. I, I wasn't, I I don't, I I think it might be too early. Okay. I might just stay away. Okay. I think it eight knows Pretty crazy. Eight knows. Haven't lost in March. If I know Hank's troll brain, he's gonna kick it in Right. During the conference Championship tournaments. That's usually, yeah. Yeah. That's usually like, I don't, I don't wanna, I don't want to be in this spot for the entire month.


I did feel very stupid explaining to my wife that I was like, I might not lose a bet in March. And she looked at me like, that's the dumbest thing you've ever said. I was like, I've said much dumber, but as of right now. But you haven't. Yeah. I have not lost in March. So what if I don't lose in March? Probably another global pandemic happened. Yeah. Probably another Global pandemic. All right. So college basketball was Saturday was awesome. Tennessee. That Was such a good game. Buzzer, beater, NA os all time choke job. Just not call two timeouts. Not calling a timeout. When your, when your team is getting a five second call taking his bigs outta the lineup on the free throw. Just, just choking it.


You say choking it. He lost That game more than Tennessee won it. He, He said it after. He is like, I was not good in the last 30 seconds of that game. Yeah. I have a question for you about Rick Barnes. Yeah. Is he on Ozempic? I don't know. He's Getting skinnier. I think that's just also what old people do. He's just, he's just wasting away right now. Old people just get skinny and they just waste away. So that could be, could be bad. We also had no, he looks, he looks like normal Rick Barnes. There was a Couple, he just looks old. There were a couple shots of him on, on the sideline when he was yelling at the refs and he looked like a ghost. He looks old. We also had Rick Patino white suit. Yeah. Finally came back. They actually struggled a little bit, but they have clinched, they won the Big East con. Congrats to Coach Patino. The white suit looked awesome.


They did a white out at the garden. Auburn is just really fucking good. That's, that was my big, they, they went into Kentucky and they whooped the shit outta Kentucky. A game that Cal would've lost. They Feel. Yeah. They they feel inevitable. Yeah. Well it's Auburn and Duke. I, I keep trying to figure out it. I keep trying to figure out who else could win. And it's gonna be Auburn and Duke. I like Auburn. Duke, I'm gonna put some money on St. John's. And then Houston. I, Houston. Houston and Bama. Houston and Bama. Oh, you're gonna be a Bama guy. Bama Oats guy. I'm in. Also Kansas is very sad. Kansas lost the Texas tech who was very good team.


But then they had a controversy after a Kansas player posted. It was some fucked up things the fans were sending him. And then Bill Self had to release like a statement basically saying we're trying our best. It just doesn't feel good for Kansas right now. Which, which also speaks to how good Kansas is historically. 'cause they are still a tournament team. They're probably a five seed, maybe a six. And they have 11 losses. But it's still, it's time in, in, in Lawrence where they're releasing statements. Yeah. And saying like, this is really bad. So Right now they're saying the last four in Oklahoma, Indiana, Ohio State, Texas.


I don't if they, I'll say this pre-selection Sunday. I don't, we don't know how the conference tournaments are gonna go. Texas does not to be deserved to be in. They're bad if like Drake gets kept out instead of Texas. If Drake doesn't win their conference, I'll be very upset. The bubble is like, some of these teams are just bad teams that, because some of the, the smaller teams haven't had great seasons. I'll be very upset. So I'm gonna say it right now. Drake deserves to be in no matter what. Absolutely deserves to be in no matter what. Yeah. Texas got smoked by Georgia and like that was the game they needed. Alright. So yeah, they have Drake as a 12 seed right now.


What is, what do they have? Wisconsin? Two or three? Three. Yeah. The Michigan State game was tough. Drake, Oregon. Michigan State's really good first round. I also, let's see, oh, shout out Omaha, the team, I dunno if you guys have seen, but they've been doing these wrestling themes all throughout the season and it's very cool. Like just small time basketball getting some energy. They, they, they did a what? This was, this hasn't leonardi. Oh, this was last updated in February 28th. Come On Joe. That's crazy. Come on Joe. He's, He, he doesn't do his job. He's probably napping. He doesn't like to do his Job. He only has one job.


Can you find the Omaha video though? They had, they won the conference and it was very funny because they had the chancellor pop out of a, a garbage can with the belt. Yeah. And it was just a very funny visual 'cause it's like a, a smaller Asian woman is the chancellor and and she just pops out of a garbage can for them and they, they're, they're, they're what I love about college basketball, like these, these teams in the smaller conferences going on these awesome runs, they still obviously gotta win to get in, but it's very fun. No, that's not it. Alright, So Leonard had, he did put out Search Chancellor Updated Bracketology for Sunday, March 2nd. Okay. Pre-game. This is before the games today.


Again, Why? Like there were some consequential games. Michigan l losing to Illinois. Look at this. Yeah, I love this. That's awesome. Omaha chancellor popping out. So yeah, so he did update it. It didn't get updated on the website, but he posted it on Twitter and he says the last four end. Georgia, Arkansas, Nebraska, Oklahoma. Now last four end. First four out Boise State. Xavier, UNC and Texas. Texas is now out per Joe Leonardi. Okay, good. And then villain, No offense to Texas, I've just, I've watched Texas play the, the, the SEC is so deep that, you know, I, what does Texas have five conference wins or something.


So that's the problem is that we're getting to 12, 13, 14 teams in the SEC. It's like, all right, we gotta stop some point Drake deserves. And again, Drake could just be in because they could win their tournament. But that will piss me off if we have some of these teams that had were really bad but they were in a good conference. I don't need that. So They've also, people are upset that Oklahoma is one of the last four ends. Why would you put Oklahoma in over Texas? I wouldn't. I'd kick 'em both out. Both out. Xavier should be in. Okay. Xavier's been playing hot. It will all work out. It will all work out. Yeah. Look they have Xavier in as a first four Nova next four out. I need Max to get all the way back in on Nova.


I really need it. They got the talent By the way. Congratulations. PFT on winning the Sunbelt. Well I mean James Madison. Yeah. Reg regular season. Yeah. Pretty good. We, the second half of the season was a lot better than the first. Yeah. Looks like Stradling's got the boys rolling. But now we have the Sunbelt tournament, which is insane. Insane. The format of the tournament is the, the better you are in the regular season, that determines how many buys you get. So the one seed and the two seed get an automatic buy all the way to the semi-finals. So if you're the last seeded team, you have to win like seven games in a row. Yeah. Against a bunch of teams that are fresh. Yeah. It's gonna be an awesome tournament. Yeah. Also congrats to South Alabama, Arkansas State and Troy for winning the Sunbelt.


It was funny watching all four teams. 30% of the league won. See I don't, I don't celebrate coach championships. Yeah. For my conference. Unlike you. Well I mean four four is a very funny visual. Yeah, no it is. It's a very funny visual. I just didn't take my shirt off and paint my chest. You Also took your shirt off When? When we went to the Wisconsin game I got caught off. Yeah. What are you talking about? I got caught up in Bucky Fever. You were right next to me doing the same thing. I know. I just thought it was funny. 30% is very funny. It was watching it all of them post it. It's like that's pretty cool. Yeah. So, but yeah, the bracket is awesome. The bracket For the Sunbelt tournament's gonna be, it's gonna rock. And then Hank, I guess we set it on the stream. Myself and Hank are teamed up again for the bracket Busters.


Max is also involved. It would be a real shame if we picked against Wisconsin. Dude, I'm pretty confident in their first round this year. They're not like last year where AJ stored decided to or We just take the Dukes. I was never picking against Wisconsin. I Yeah, Right, right, Right. Rolling with JMU that's Fine. But yeah, So I have zero happiness in my life. There's bracket right there. Last thing. The bracket is just insane. I love this format. It is insane. And it's gonna be great. 'cause we already started, I think there was a conference tournament game tonight there. We've already started conference tournament week. So, but I need Max back in. We need to get Max back in. Yeah. All the way back in. And the last thing I had for the National Sports podcast, do we, can anyone make sense of the, of the NBA debate LeBron faces, this league, future faces, this league.


Can anyone make sense of, of what's going on? Other than I, I don't understand. Here's what I don't understand. Anthony Edwards said he didn't wanna be the face of this league. Anthony Edwards doesn't get to decide that. No. And We get To decide that. Well, not only that, but when has there ever been a face of a league that didn't win? Right. You have to win when it matters. You have to win a championship to be considered a face of this league. Agreed. It's not. And obviously if you win, that doesn't automatically mean you're the face of the league. Like Yoic could be the face of the league, but he doesn't, he he doesn't like the media. You could make the argument, you know, Tim Duncan won a lot. He was never the face of the league. I don't understand how Anthony Edwards saying, I don't wanna be the face of the league.


Like, dude, no one said you were, you haven't won anything yet. Yeah. So who, I mean, we don't really have a face of the league right now. Well it's the old guys. Yeah. Is LeBron the face of the League is LeBron and his Steph and I also, I think You the Celtics win this year then. Then Tatum's. Joan Brown. Fuck outta here man. Max, come on now, max. Oh, nice. Max. I see what you did there. Hit you with the fuck Outta here. He's playing the video right now. Do you wanna talk about that at all, Hank? Yeah. I don't know What happened. For the listeners that don't know The Celtics laws on Friday night, they poor Zenga wasn't playing, so they weren't fully healthy. Wait, It says right here they were up 25 to three. Yeah. I mean everyone knows the NBA like a lead doesn't matter that much until probably four minutes left in the third quarter.


But Jason Tatum said, fuck outta here man. After being up 25 To two. Yeah, he did say, get the fuck outta here. Yeah. That's what you do. Like, you, you want your face of the league to be cocky. You want him to, to say get the fuck outta here. But then you lose. They lost a regular season game Max. It's the regular season. Wake me up in the conference championship. A fully healthy Celtics team is not loose to the cabs. It was an absolute ref show, but it was, it was. I mean it's good. It's, it's a, Missoula loves those games. He loves having things that he can use to motivate the team and and losing to a team that's gonna have a better record than them going into the playoffs like that. That's good. That's a good, that was a good statement. Loss. Yeah. It's like what, what Patino was saying, right? Like you, you want to have these things to motivate your guys.


Yes. And then they came out and beat the nuggets. So no Issue. But Hank you could also make the argument that the, the calves are the one seed right now. Correct? Correct. So wouldn't the Celtics already be taking them seriously because they're the one seed that Celtics No, they're taking 'em seriously, but now they're really gonna take them seriously. Okay. Seriously. Yeah. Got it. Also, Joan beads out for the year. Yeah. He's the knee of the NBAI Really need the polls not to make the playing game. I, It, it sucks. It's a race Right now. I'm, I'm act I was watching the Sixers Warriors game last night, just actively rooting for the Warriors. And it's, it's a weird place to be in, but you gotta do it. Have they said if they're gonna break his hip or if they're gonna do the, the normal knee Surgery? Yeah. How are they gonna do this? I don't know. He May never play Again.


He might not walk again. Damn. But he did get that MVP. Yeah. He's done so much for the city. I think Peyton Brichard might be the face of the NBA. He might be six About to be six. One of the what do do you guys, but it's become a big story. 'cause LeBron, I don't understand. And then LeBron said the media, you wouldn't wanna be the face of Lee because the media is so mean. I don't, I don't think the media is that mean to NBA players. I think Twitter is like the, like the faceless Twitter trolls are, but the media Yeah, Shaq and Chuck, they, they do a show that, that that busts on people. But what I, I I actually think that like, I think the NFL has way more of a media microscope on their players.


I would agree. It's just that people, I I think players in the NBA are addicted to reading all the hate online. Yeah. Just like, you should never log on If you're LeBron James, you have nothing to gain by logging on ever. It's just, it's very weird to me because LeBron and, and it like talking about respecting the game and stuff and, and listen, I think JJ Reddick's doing a great job. He's a friend of the program. JJ Reddick also did say that the, you know, in the fifties and sixties there were plumbers. So I mean there, he he was part of that media at one point, but he also respects, I I know he did a show that he was respecting the game a lot and how skilled these guys are. I LeBron gets endless praise. I don't understand why he is pretending like he's getting torn down all the time.


I Mean, he does get shit on, he Gets shit on. But it's not like it's again, it's by like idiots, like, like me and like idiots online that do, we don't mean anything. So yeah, The, I think trolls Are the face of the NBA right now. Yeah. He's basically saying the trolls run the show. They run the league. Yeah. It's it's bar still after dark. Yeah. The chat runs a stream. I I feel like NBA players more so than any other athlete, they're just very, very unhappy. It's crazy to me. I don't, I don't get it. I I, I just, the the face of this league, again, you don't get to decide who's the face of this league. It's, it's gonna be whoever is a young dynamic player who wins a title and Jason Tatum is, you think he's got the aura. Yeah. If you win back to back gets a final MVP in there.


It's tough to argue. He is 27. It's also just such a funny thing to say like face, who's the face of this league? He might be the shoulders of this league. He does have six shoulders. Yeah. Don't, shouldn't you have to win an mv a finals. MVP. Yeah. So like one minute ago I just said that. Mm. He said he, if he wins this, if he throws in an M-V-A-N-B-A finals MVP. Yeah. You should gonna toss one. What if Jalen Brown wins it then see the face of The league. Yes. Yes. Yeah. He wasn't even on team USA. Can you play the clip? Just, it keeps going whenever we, when this, this discussion about face of this league has been happening pretty much nonstop for five days now. And all I can think about is, is Scott Scotty Barnes future face of this league, Giannis had like a current Face of this league, A 13 month span when he was the face of the league.


Yeah. He was Scotty Barns future face of this league. Listen, people don't talk about this video as much as we talk about this video. No one talks about this. I Know video know, but the video's so good. Well, Let's find it. It's it's the Raptors head coach, coach Darko talking about Scotty Barnes's future face of this league. But yeah, LeBron, I don't, I don't get it. And he just, LeBron's also done active campaigns like goat campaigns. He's, you know, he's actively trying to get people to be like, Hey, you're the goat goat status. Yeah. So I to to then turn it around and say the media is the, is the problem. That's why he weird to start his own league. Yeah.


He's just listening to the trolls too much. Scott Barnes is gonna be all star. He's gonna be the face of this league and what what's happening over here during, But he didn't say future faces. We made that part up. Oh no. Oh, max. Oh no. He says face of this league. He shoulda said, but Future face of this league, He's going to be the face of this league. It's total clap Face of this league. Yeah. I don't NBA players are are upset. And then yeah, the LeBron went on s with SVP and prayer's up for SVP. That that Maryland loss was tough on him. Yeah. Last week. Yeah. Like right in his face.


Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Let's do who's back then? We have Nick Sirianni. Is anything happening in the Oscars that we care about at all? No. Okay. Jerry O'Connell was there. That was our Oscars recap. Good. Oscars recap. Jerry O'Connell looked Hot. Yep. No one got slapped. How many of these movies have you seen? Like, I haven't seen most of 'em, so I don't know. We saw Dune two, two summers ago. I saw, Yeah. Dune two came out in March, 2024. For those wondering, I saw a complete unknown. I saw Concave and I saw Moana two. I don't think I saw any of them. So, and I think there's a new Paw Patrol movie. Yeah.


I, I I liked conclave. I liked a complete unknown and I liked Brutalist Won Best original score. Should have been Dune too wasn't nominated somehow. Okay. Best movie score of all time. That makes no sense. Yeah. Oh, I'm still here. What's that? What's That best international feature? What's that? What is that? It's a movie. About what, what, Who's Still here? Matt Stafford. Okay. That's our Oscars recap.


All right. Let's do Who's back of the week. It's brought to you by our friends. It truly, truly unruly is the first high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. Truly unruly is a hard seltzer that breaks all the rules. Drinks light party hard with 8% A BV. It hits hard but still tastes amazing. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Fine. Truly unruly A store near you. Visit truly hard seltzer.com. Strawberry Smash. My absolute favorite. Truly hard seltzer.com. It's getting warm out. It's gonna be golf season soon. So go right now. Get your truly unruly, let's get unruly this summer. 8% of a BV. It hits hard but still tastes amazing.


Hank, who's back of the week, My, who's back of the week. Is it John Cena? Yeah, I had it as well. So He WWE So he turned heel Saturday night, he turned heel, the golden Boy pretty boy of WWE for his whole career. Pretty Fucked up to do the week that Gene Hackman died. Why? No, that's a good point. Like, because he a human being. Yeah. And his wife knew Him and he just decided that like, oh, this is the week I'm gonna do it. Gene Hackman just died. It's true. It was a, it was a great, I mean, I'll get, I'm not watching Debbie w every week, but a, a, a heeled term like this and just watching the wrestling community freak out about it is, can't beat it because Didn't he retire?


Well, no. He's doing a retirement tour And he turned heel on his retirement tour. Correct. So he said that he would never ever turn heel, there was many chances for him to turn heel. And then in his retirement tour going up to WrestleMania, he has gone heel pretty crazy. How How did he go heel? He he beat up Cody Rhodes. Yeah. He, He was hugging Cody Rhodes And then he not Yeah. Rock said, Hey, do it. Rock's also heal right now. Oh yeah. It's awesome. I mean, I, I don't watch wrestling anymore, but I, I I think about moments when I was a kid watching wrestling, like when a good guy does turn heel it is Electric. So is he gonna change out the jorts for like leather pants? I know. Go Hollywood Hogan on him.


Yeah. So They're saying this is the modern, modern birth of the NWO. Yeah. It's pretty cool. It was a shocking moment. And it makes WrestleMania great. And Triple H is running basically wwe e now. And he seems like he's doing a good job. And didn't Travis Scott like smoke a blunt? Put it out on somebody. He slapped Travis Scott, like punched the fuck out of Cody Roads. Yeah. It's like actually punched him. Yeah. It actually, I know people were saying like it is an all time moment and Travis Scott was there, which is confusing. I think it actually is kind of funny because they were like focused on Travis Scott being there saying, this makes no sense. And then you have the heel turn, which is shocking. So kind of elevated the shock factor of it.


Yeah. I think the pic like the, the heel turn picture where it's Cena the Rock and Yeah. Travis Scott. Awesome. He's like the biggest rapper in the world in the ring. Like that's a, that's legendary. Awesome. Awesome. This is quite a, quite a slap that Travis Scott put on him. Dude. He fucking smoked him. So is is John Cena gonna stop doing Make-A-Wish now? How, how deeply is he gonna be committed to being the heel? No, he is team Cancer. Okay. Yeah, It's gotta be, I mean, I would like to interview him again and just ask the same questions and see if he remembers. But yeah. Gene Hackman upstaged by John Cena turning heel. R-I-P-R-I-P Gene Hackman Awesome, awesome Actor Hoosiers Best Crimson Tide.


Okay. PFT My who's back is hard knocks. Hmm. Hard knocks off season is coming back, but it's not going to be in the NFL because the giant screw that up last year. And I don't think it, I think we predicted that on the show, which is that no front office is gonna want to have every move they make documented so that when it doesn't work out it gets thrown back in your face. So every team opted out. They couldn't find a team to do it. So instead they're going to do it with Bill Belichick at UNC Tar knocks. Mm. With UNC. I don't know if that's gonna, I don't know if that has Legs. You don't think that one? Tar knocks Tar. TAR apostrophe D Tars tar Knocks. You don't like it?


Nah. I like, I like tarred knocks. Are you Pumped for this Hank? Very Pumped. It's hilarious. The Bill Belichick college story is the gift that keeps on giving. It's like everything that he didn't want to do and didn't seem like he would ever do in the pros. He's just Doing all Of it. Yeah. Ooh. You know how they always have like some behind the scenes stuff on the coach? Like Matt Ebra flu's got a haircut last year. Yeah. That changed everything. You Think we're gonna, we're gonna see Bill Belichick hanging out with his girlfriend like date night. I would say definitely Date night with Bill and his lady. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. I love that. Oh Yeah. Jordan is gonna be all over that. Mike Tannenbaum. He's like, he's in the front office down there. Right? Yeah. I imagine we'll get to see him a lot again. No. Mike Lombardi.


Yeah. Lombardi. Mike Lombardi. Lombardi. You're still thinking Gene Hackman. Hmm. World Tan Bombs. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. World Tan bombs. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I'm, I'm actually excited to watch this. Yeah. I wanna see it is gonna be a giant commercial for UNC. That's the reason why he's doing it. Obviously. Smart. It's smart. It's very smart. You get a lot of publicity. Guys wanna come play for you. It's gonna be good to have Bill. Great. He's gonna be so grumpy. Yeah. So grumpy. Okay. I had John c as well. I guess I'll pivot to my second one. Daylight savings is back this Saturday. Finally getting the later Sun. Sun. What is it? Spring back? Yeah. So we're finally gonna have little more light out at night golf time.


Ready to go. Wait, it actually is, oh fuck. Sunday, March 9th. Oh shit. I was gonna say this is, we Fucking missed it. Dammit. Although I was joking. I thought it was still another two weeks. If You, if you Fuck. So you're we're setting the clocks back. Correct. Shit. I swear to God I thought that we had until like the second or third week of March and I was doing this. That might be, it might be over. The joke might be over. I fucked up What question? This Actually the last time. Yeah. I feel like every single year they say that they're, they're taking away daylight scenes.


Yeah. It's just something that people like to say. Why It doesn't make sense. 'cause it's easy, it's easy to complain about. Be like, this sucks in the wintertime. Yeah. I think everybody agrees that it sucks. But then if you, what, what was the thing? If you I love it now. You kept it. It would be worse. It would be worse if they got rid of it. We'd actually lose over the summer. It would be bad, right? Yeah. We'd lose And people, I I didn't, I always was like, let's not do it because I don't want it to go get dark at four 30. And someone said once, they're like, well what about kids going to school and pitch black? And I was like, good point. That's a fair point. Yeah, because like if it didn't, if we didn't do it, it would stay light out till five 30 or six o'clock, but the sun wouldn't rise till like 8:00 AM I think it's, which would kind of fuck be fucked up if you had kids having to go to school and pitch black and like walking on the streets, like getting on buses and Stuff.


If you're complaining about the clocks and how it works in the wintertime, what you're doing, you're just complaining about winter. Yeah. You're just saying like, winter sucks. I I wish this didn't happen. Wait, so this Rocks We made it. Yeah, We're back. That's huge. We're all the way back. I actually, I got prem mad at you there because I know. No, it's not Because I thought I, I really did think that it was not even close. I thought it was halfway through March. That's huge. That's so huge. What are you doing? You're just looking at the weather Max. I mean I do it all the time. I'm about, so yeah. How are we, how are we looking? I Not crack mean. It was like 58 Last week and then we had a But you know what? The sun was nice this weekend. What, what do we got next Tuesday? This is good. 43. The high, our weather Report High 62. Oh, I'm seeing forties and fifties.


Let's go. We can deal with 40. Anything. Anything in the forties is fine. Forties feel tropical. But once you see sixties that's when that's when it's Oh, then it's on. Yeah. Then it's fucking on. Wait, is that Oh wow. Shall may lost best actor 63 on March 11th. Put your circle it. That's gonna be a Day Boys Saturday for Patty's Day. Rainy. That's ass. Oh. Sat when St. Patty's Day is beautiful. There's just really nothing better. I, it's crazy and I love it that Chicago goes hard. It seems like Chicago's harder for St. Patty's Day than like Boston. It's like the biggest day in of the years.


Well, it's also the end of winter. I know. Yeah. In Boston. Yeah, I know. It's, it's crazy. It's like people go fucking nuts for St. Patty's Day. You know what a sneaky good St. Patty's Day City is. Savannah, Georgia. Yeah. Savannah, Georgia Fire Department comes out Fuck For St. Patty's Day. Yeah. I miss getting fucked up on St. Patrick's Day. Should I do it? Yeah, you should. I think I'm gonna do it this year. I don't Think so. I'm gonna do it. And by getting fucked up, I mean I'll probably start drinking at 8:00 AM and then I'll go home at like two 30. Yeah, it's gonna be awesome. Yeah, just Do it. Send the kids away. I'd just leave food out for 'em. Yeah, it's fine.


Put a timer. One of those cat cat food distributors. We've got a, an issue in my house right now. There's an obsession with Max's butt. The the Cat's family loves Max's butt. It was because of the combine on Thursday, which I fell and then I came home and little kids just love any type of injury and they just asked me a thousand questions about my knee and then to, to get them distracted. I was like, look, here's, here's my buddy Max. His butt was hanging out and now all they, my daughter literally was asking two days later like, can I see Max's butt? They just love. Yeah. Just wait. They're obsessed with, with the, with his butt. It'll come out again soon. Yeah, always Does.


Max is just a, a hit in my house. There's been a lot. I've sent him the videos. There's just been a lot of discussion about Max's butt. Need to see Max's butt. Just keep asking To see Max's butt. Can I see Max's Butt? Can I see my, your daughter? Literally, but can I see Max's butt? I wanna see Max's butt is something about my genetics. You just gotta see Max's butt. Yeah. Alright, let's do our interviews. We got Nick Siri, Diana Rossini, and then we'll finish off with lottery balls.


Before we get to Nick Sirianni is brought to you by Mountain Dew. It's so delicious, so refreshing, so perfect for any occasion. Ride the Baja Wave. Grab Mountain Dew Baja Blast for you and your crew. Wherever refreshing beverages are sold, add a blast of refreshing tropical lime flavor to your day with Mountain Dew. Baja Blast. The tropical lime flavor of Mountain Dew Baja Blast is as refreshing as starting off March eight and oh, it says refreshing as winning a quarter of your conference championship. Mountain Dew Baja Blast is the best. We love Mountain Dew. We love the Baja Blast. I had a Mountain Dew Baja Blast on Saturday morning was crisp. I kept it outside 'cause it was cold. Nature's refrigerator delicious. Ride that Baja Wave. Grab a Mountain Dew Baja Blast at a store near you. They're sold everywhere.


Siri's also brought to you by our great friends at, Hey dude, I'm wearing my hey dudes right now. Got the hey dude boots on. They've got the windy and the Wally styles. They're iconic original styles and they're the foundation of comfort at Hey dude, the Wally is Hey dude's. Signature style. It's the very first of its kind made with breathable chambre tie free elastic laces, pillowy arch support, and ultra lightweight soles. The Wally is crafted to deliver hours of effortless sweat free comfort. If you're searching for your new favorite pair of go-to shoes. Hey dudes are exactly what you need. Relax and style. Kick off those worn out shoes. Grab a drink from the fridge, put your feet up with the Wally. Hey dude shoes. Provide the support you deserve and the comfort that you're craving. You can shop the Wally and the Windy for your everyday casual shoe. At hey dude.com.


And now here's Nick Sirianni. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very special guest. It is Super Bowl champion head coach Nick Siri from the Philadelphia Eagles. Does it, does that sound good? Is that, has that gotten old yet? That No, never will I, my first question actually, like, and I I you can, you can be honest with us. Like, I think it's bullshit that you have to go back to work only three weeks after winning the Super Bowl. Like I was thinking about it, you're an indie right now, you're doing work. Was there a part of you, like I, me personally, if I won a Super Bowl, I'd fuck off forever. I would, I wouldn't get that hunger back. But how is it like, it's, it's bang bang.


The NFL schedule doesn't stop. You know, it started right away because we, we had some coaching turnover, right? And so we, it was, this is not my first day back. We've been, we've been interviewing and trying to hire coaches and exit interviews with players, stuff like that. And, you know, it, it takes what it takes. Yeah. It takes what it takes. So, you know, obviously had, we enjoyed ourselves, you saw the parade, right? Yeah. A car. We enjoyed ourselves. Yeah. We enjoyed ourselves. We had some other nights that we enjoyed ourselves, but it, it's right back to work to try to, you know, to go through the steps to put you in position to be able to do it again. Yeah. The exit interviews after winning Super Bowl have to kick ass. It's just people being like, yeah, that was, that was fucking awesome.


Yeah. That Was cool. Well, one of the questions at the exit interviews is like, what do you think we went, went well as a team and they, and so like, after the first three where they were like, coach, I won the Super Bowl. Yeah. I got it. So I, so I, so the, I rephrased the question. Besides winning the Super Bowl, what do you think went well as a team? Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, those are, those are good exit interviews. But know, just love spending time with the guys and, and, and continuing the relationships and everything like that. Yeah. Okay. So, so be honest with this one too. At what point during the Super Bowl where you're like, we got this, it's over because it ha I know the coach speak, you can be like, it's, you know, you gotta play 60 minutes. You never know it's Patrick Mahomes, but I mean, come on, halfway through the third quarter, are you like, this is, it's over, we Got this.


Well, you know, in 2022, we were up 24 14 at halftime, and they were getting the ball to come outta half, and they went down and, and scored, you know, And we were up 24, nothing at halftime there. And they were getting the ball coming outta half. And so we knew how important that drive was gonna be. You know, I think at 40, when we were up 40 to six, I remember saying to our staff, I'm like, I think, I think let's put, let's, let's take the starters out. Yeah. And one of the coaches was like, coach, you sure? There was like six minutes left? And I go, yes, I'm sure we, we can take starters out right now. Let's get everybody in the game and let's, let's 'em all 'em all play. So I think it, it took a, it took a long time. That was a, that's a phenomenal team. We played with phenomenal coaches with pheno, phenomenal players.


Maybe one of the best players of all time on the other sideline. And so it, it, it wasn't hey, until the fat lady sings. We knew, we knew at some point, yeah. It was 40 to six with five minutes left to go. We could, we could, we could be there. That was very nice of you. But you, you beat their fucking ass. You did. It was an ass kicking. Yeah. It was an ass kicking. You stopped them. Yeah, it was great. And now that you're a couple years removed from the first Super Bowl, I think you can say it without it seeming like sour grapes or like you're complaining about it, but the, the grass, the sod father from the Chiefs, he fucked you outta that Super Bowl, You know, the whole time during the parade and really a couple of the celebrate, you know, celebration.


It really, it was the parade. I was like, it just, I don't know, it's just the way we're, the way it is sometimes you're like, man, I wish I'd have been able to do this in 2022. That, you know, and so that, and it was like, you, you're enjoying it. And the parade was awesome. And the people of Philadelphia are unbelievable. And the, and the celebration was great, the players, everything. But there are moments that you're having when you have the beer in your hand, you gotta point it over to the, the crowd. Like, man, I wish I would've been been able to go through this two years ago. So yeah, we weren't, you know, they, they, they beat us and they had to play on that field too. Yeah. So I'll never, I'll never give an excuse on that. So, can I tell you, when I think you won the Super Bowl, when I, when I was like, I think this is over. When you didn't cry during the National anthem, was there any part of you that was like, this time don't cry, because that was also when you lost the Super Bowl in 2022, it was like, dude, you can't cry during the national anthem.


Like, you gotta save the tears for winning the Super Bowl. Was there a part of you in Game Prep where you're like, okay, I know they're gonna sing this song. Like, Don't cry, like practice in front, in front of the mirror, like have the last Chris Stapleton last time singing it. Yeah. And not just sit in front of the mirror, like, don't cry, Don't cry. You're stronger than that. Nick Strong. Don't do it. Football's an emotional game. You know, I, I would, I would say it's just an emotional game and all the emotions. Yeah. May, maybe it was, maybe, you know what, that was the moment. I'll attribute, I'll attribute it to that. Yeah, good. I love it. I love it. Because They, they had a crier too, Chris Jones, he cries during the national anthem as well. I thought it would be just like an arms race. You guys would even cry harder This year. And Then, so they had had to stand like right next to each other and just face to face and just look and see who cried first.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. No, but it was a, it was a great season for you guys. How much credit do you give to big Dom versus how much credit do you give to shaving your head? Oh, good Question. How do you balance that? So nobody, nobody, nobody in the NFL does their job as good as Dom does. His, let me brag on him for a second. Nobody is, nobody wants to help people more. Like it is what in a, in a world that we live in where there's so many people about themselves and this and that. That's what I loved about our team too. We were a completely selfless team. No one cared how we won. They just wanted to win. And which is really special. I, I think I wish people were talking about that more, especially in the world we live in today.


Our, our our guys wanted to sacrifice for each other and win for each other and be selfless with it. Well, that's how, that's how Dom lives every single day. Like, he, he, he lives to help other p dom in here. Yeah. He just wants his, he lives to help other people do their job. It it, and it, and it's special. Like, it, it takes special qualities and yeah. So that, that has way more effect on when I, I didn't have time to get a haircut on Friday when we normally get haircuts and I'm like, you know what? My hair's a little long. I'm gonna, I'm just gonna do it myself. Yeah. It didn't look great when I did it myself. So when my assistant had to kind of trim me up there, my daughter, I, I, I got my wife hates when I do that. I do it, I do it in the summer every once in a while.


Like, I, you know, I don't, I don't, my daughter, so my wife, I know my wife hates it. And then my daughter said to my wife, like, are you gonna divorce daddy now that it happened? I'm like, whoa, she's seven. She didn't even know what that means. So obviously she heard that from somebody else. I don't know what's going on here. Yeah. Is that is, you have three kids, right? Three, yeah. Which one is your favorite human shield? Well, if you look at when Howie got hit by the beer can at the, yeah, at the, in, during the parade, it whizzes by my wife if there's, there's a couple angles. 'cause it's like they have a very different angle. Yeah. You can imagine. I, I, I really, I actually think I, I could, I could make a montage of all the angles of the beer can hitting Howie in the head, and there's one angle where it whizzes by my daughter and, and my, and my wife.


And it hits Howie. And I'm like, oh, you know what better Yeah. Howie than my two beautiful girls. And It would've, it would've been bad because, you know, obviously after it, was it the Cleveland game where you brought your kids to the podium? Great. That's where you're going with this great Move, by the way that I tip my hat to you. I have three kids. Like I know that, listen, I love my kids, but really their purpose is if I ever get into trouble, I'm just gonna bring them around and be like, look at my three kids. You know, it's so hard to win a game in the NFL that my moment was never to be like, I'm gonna shield him from a tough que we just won the game. Yeah. Miles Garrett jumped over. We, we were up what, 10 nothing. And and it was about to be 13, nothing a half. He jumped over, someone blocked a kick and they returned it for a to. Yeah. It's hard to win.


Yeah. And so my, my whole thing there was like, let's, let's go celebrate the win. Some people in the media didn't take it that way. Yeah. So I got it. I got it. So my wife said, no more, no more kids up at the podium. Anyway. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. This, this year was kind of crazy for you because it started out, things seemed to be like, it was, they were a little bit rocky at the beginning and then they kind of turned around a little bit after that Saints game. Do you remember the ending of that Saints game? I think it was Dallas caught that long pass. Right. Really broke the game open. Yeah. Did you feel like the season switched at that point? No. No. I mean, 'cause the next week, I, I think it was the next week we got our butts kicked by Tampa. Okay. But that was a huge play and it was an awesome play. You know, as I remember it we're like third and 16.


Jalen puts a per, we had perfect protection up front. We hadn't been doing much on offense. Defense was playing their butts off. And we haven't been doing much on offense all day. We get great protect protection up front. Jalen delivers the ball perfectly. Jahan Dotson, you know, kind of gets Dallas Godder open. I think like three other guys ran into each other and then and Dallas went and ripped it. But it is plays like that that you're like, yeah. I think there's so many moments in the season you're like, man, that, that play, that play, that play that play. And that's what's cool about it. Right. And there's teams that, that lost or didn't accomplish the goals they wanted to accomplish. And they look that play, that play that play, it just makes you know how important the day in day out work is. So the breaks go your way. Yeah. So we, we've defended the tush push on this show.


Thank you. Do you I do have something and I say that football as a Commanders fan, I, I am not going to complain my way out of getting my ass kicked. Like that's not how football should work. Right. It's a football play. Other teams are free to use it if they want to. They're just not as good at it. I saw that you were insulted by the fact that I insulted the Packers are trying to get rid of the rule. That you should feel complimented by that. You know what the, the compliment that I do feel from it is that it's stretched to every portion of football. Right. It's showed in college football, pro football, high school football, peewee football. My son scored on it this year. Oh hell, it was awesome. That would piss me off. Yeah. Hell yeah. If I was like, if I had a son that was playing against your son and fucking Siri's son is Coach Cher on me?


It'd be like, yeah, get that play out of football. It's bad for the game Insulted because we work, we work hard at that thing. It's like, it's, it's automatic. Well it's automatic. It's automatic 'cause of the work that's put in and because of the players that we have that are performing it, it's not automatic like throughout the entire league. Right. Right, right. It's not, okay, well Steph Curry shouldn't be allowed to shoot threes only in the fourth quarter can Steph Curry shoot three? Like what are we, what are we talking about? Right. You can't, you can't just make a rule up because Right. It's, it's benefiting one team and it and everywhere else it's not quite as good. I mean, we saw it in one of the championship games. They got, one of the teams got stuffed on it and turnover on down. Yeah. Yeah. And then in the, in the game over. Yeah. It's also very funny because it's like, how do you stop the tush push?


Like, don't let the eagles get to fourth and two. Yeah, there you go. There's three other downs that no doubt You can stop them. No Doubt. We've, we've been putting a lot of respect on your name even before the Super Bowl because it is like, when you take a step back, I know Philly's a tough place to coach sometimes, but you guys, you know, you've, I think you have the highest winning percentage of any active head coach right now. Four years in the playoffs. Two NFC championship games, super Bowl. And you've done it all coaching Italian. You're Italian is that hard where like sometimes your anger, like you want to bang on a pot and pan or like just scream and like, like that's gotta be difficult. You're doing it all under the influence of Italian. I think that's emotion, right? Yeah. That's emotion. Right. And that's what makes me unique. It's my emotion and it's all Italian right there.


No doubt. I got, I Yeah. You just try to be who you are. Players see through that. If they're not So the emotion of the game, the the anger at times. Yeah. Right. The celebrations at times. The talking with our hands at times. The, you know, whether I'm talking to a referee, whether I'm talking to a player or whatever it is. Yeah. I embrace that. Do You guys, do you think you have too many Italians? You have a lot of Italians. You got a lot of Italians. Yeah. Can you ever have too many Italians? I Don't know. Like it just gets combustible. There's so many Italians. No, No, no. You got Fangio now. Our, now our coordinators. You got, you got Fangio. Yeah, you got Ullo, you got Siri, you got Tom. Yeah. You got Dom and you got Michael Clay. Yeah. All right. Michael. Michael Clay is our special teams coordinator.


So many Italians. There is one thing that pisses me off that you do and I want to confront you on face-to face. Come on. As a football viewer, when you, you line up to go for two to in the first half, try to get them to jump off sides. They don't jump off sides. Then you call a timeout, then you kick the extra point Anyways. As a fan of watching football on tv, that's a tough minute for me. You don't like it. I get Matt will be. It's because I get it. I think that there's about to be a play. Yeah. There's no Play. You're excited for The play. He's just gonna kick it. Yeah. Use the timeout. Probably. That's very smart Football move. But you know, that's in for you to notice it. I love that. I love that you noticed that we that's what we were doing. Well I, 'cause it could be like, oh, they just messed it. Like, I don't think your average fan notices that that's going on.


They're like, oh, they didn't have the right formation. They just banged the time out. It's very insight. Impressive. But I mean, we get, did I change your opinion on that? No. Get complimented you right There. Just, I, I appreciate the compliment. I think you're right that I'm a very insightful football fan, but just the, it just delays. We get enough commercials already watching. I hear you. I hear you. Yeah. Point taken. Yeah. So just think of the fans when you do that next time. It's mildly annoying to a casual Football viewer. Did you, this year, did you ever like, go to Saquon and be like, Hey dude, can you just do that 60 yard run thing where You do? Yeah. I think that's the game plan every week. It's like, yeah, It was, I mean, was Remember where, you remember when you jumped over to the guy backwards? Can you do that? Do the touchdown play real quick. Do that, Do that again. I mean, he was, it was insane. Was there a moment where you're like, this is, this is just not normal.


That like every, it felt like every week he'd just rip along one. Yeah, no, that's, that's how it feels right there. Like, I think that the moment that I love the reaction of our sideline when he jumped over that guy and that's what we, you know, I think we saw that every day at practice. I mean, not that he was like, we're not tackling full speed and he go jumping over guys. But like, you just see the athletic, the freaky athletic ability that he has. Man. And, and I'll say this, like, what an unbelievable person. Like if you, if we just, if you said Saquon Barkley, go, the first thing that would come outta my mouth is, this guy's an unbelievable person. This guy's an unbelievable teammate. This guy's an unbelievable leader. He is an unbelievable worker. And then we can start talking about the plays that he makes.


Yeah. It's all those things that make him who he is. You think he's a better human being than football player? Yeah. No. There's No chance. No. I He's the best. He's back in League. You think he's one of the best? You think he's a top oh, oh oh 1% human? Yes. Worldwide. No chance. Yes. No chance. He's he's better at football than He's human. Look, yes. Take sunglasses down. Yes. I, if I had sunglasses, I'd like you have, I'd put him down. It's no offense To him, but he's one of the best football players that's In the worlds, and that's what I'm saying. That's how good He's the best humans in the world. Okay. You Think he's like, probably we're talking top 10 human being in the entire world. You're Gonna say he's a top 10 human Being. Well, I don't Is that if he's the best, He's a top 10 football player In the world. Top 10. There's a lot of people, more people in the world Exactly. Than there is human beings.


It's be, I'd say the top like thousand human beings. So He's a better football player than human being. You just admitted it. Thank You. Point us. He's awesome. Analytics. He's awesome. What's it like knowing that at any given time, Howie could be working on something just insane that will make your life very complicated the next like 24 hours. Insane. I, He's always, he's got, he like, no matter who is available, who's not even available, I feel like Howie is always cooking something up. Yeah. It's gonna make my life e the secret to good coaching is get good players. Yeah. Howie does a great job of that. Yeah. So it, it, it's, it's making my life easier and easier. Every move that he makes, it's awesome. I guess just like more exciting.


Maybe complicated is the right word. Yeah. But you, at any given time, he could surprise you in the present. I love it. Yeah. I love it. I love It's the best. It's the best. Yeah. It's, it's the absolute best. He's the, he's the best g he is the best GM in the world. I have no doubt in my mind He is pretty damn good. Do he's, the proof is in the pudding. Do you wanna get Max involved? Well, let me ask you, this. Coaching in Philadelphia is tough. You, I think you, it's pretty crazy. The swings you've had where, you know, like I said, you've been to the playoffs four years in a row. You've gone to two Super Bowls. One one, but you were also some of the fan base had you on the hot seat Sure. At the beginning of the year. Some people in this room had you on the hot seat. Who was it? That would be Max. This is fake. This is fake. This. You were one, you 100% had him on the hot seat.


That come on that. That's not true. Okay. There's no proof of that. Max. Come in here and ask some questions. Also, let me ask you this. So yeah, max, come on in here. Super Bowl. After the Super Bowl, you guys go to the party, you're at the hotel. I would assume like this is the pinnacle of your career. People are asking for pictures. You love taking pictures with people. Like that's, that's a moment that like, Hey, this is what I wanna do. Share it with the fans. Sure. Is that fair to say that you love taking pictures with people in that moment? What I, I love taking pictures with 'em. Yeah. I, In that moment. Perfect answer. Perfect Answer. I think it's the right thing to do. Okay. And it's easy way to, here's my opinion on it. Do I love, like, when I got my son or my, do I love taking pictures? I wouldn't say I love taking pictures, but it's such an easy thing.


Like, it's such an easy thing to do, to show, to help somebody make their day. Yeah. Or show gratitude to that person. But Were like, was it, let me phrase it a different way. Would, would it, it was an appropriate time for people to ask you for pictures. Yeah. Yeah. Now I had to like, I normally stop and take a picture with everybody. Right. But with that mass of like, I had to, I had to keep going. So I Sorry to anybody. I didn't take a picture. No, you did. So, so you took a picture with Pug. Okay. Or He loved it. Did I ice somebody in this room? No, no, no. Max thought he was like, he was like, I'm, I'm so much better than everyone. I'm not gonna ruin this moment. And for a Picture Max, I Didn't ask for Do you wanna do A picture now You do it after. Yeah. I didn't ask for a picture because I was like, you know, this is the best night of his life. I wanted you to, you know, enjoy the night and not get hounded by, by a bunch of pictures.


So I thought out of respect, he Wants credit for that. I, I that I, I don't want credit for that, max. Thanks. I just got ridiculed by everyone. By not asking. Wait A second. A max. You wanted me fired so don't nevermind. That's not true. That's not true. Yeah, you did. Huh? You had 'em on the hot seat. Ly not fired, but you had hot seat. You had your eye on, on Sirianni. People in Philly, you know, sometimes we get over emotional And we say things that we don't mean. Max is also very Italian. I'm, we actually are like the Eagles. We have r entire behind the scenes know Who you look like. Has you ever got Matt? Patricia? Oh, I, I, he cost places Kelsey. Yeah. He cosplay Little Kelsey. Little little Patricia. You guys see it? Yeah. Yeah. But we have, we have all of our support staff is all Italian.


So we're kind of modeling after the Eagles. Do you have too many Italians? We do have too Italian. I think we do. Not enough. But yeah. So Max is very Italian. He gets very emotional. He might've had you on the hot seat. Start the Season. I sometimes you say things you don't mean. That's all. That's All. Okay. So go ahead. Alright, First question going off of that, how does it feel now to be in this class of immortality in Philadelphia? Like going into the year was obviously a little, a little feisty with you and the Philly fans. And now, no matter what you do, you're all like, you're automatically on the pantheon of like all time greats. You know, you know what I'd say about that? You know, if someone, a couple people have asked me like, why, why don't you get up and be like, look at me. Like, do something like that.


Right. And I'm like, you know, I'm actually grateful for this. I'm gonna, this, I know this isn't the the mood we're in right now, but like, 'cause we're having fun. But I'm grateful for the criticism. I'm grateful for the adversity because it truly makes you and I look back at my entire life, the adversity has made me who I am. I have no doubt in my mind that it, it would've been hard to win the Super Bowl this year if we didn't finish the season the way we did last year. And I'm grateful for the adversity. I'm grateful for the criticism. And the reason I'm grateful for the criticism is because, you know, I, I got three kids that I'm gonna raise in this social media world that they're gonna get criticized. Right. And they're, and I'm gonna have to be able to parent them in those scenarios.


And what a great opportunity I have and a great experience I have of what we went through, right. With the light on the other side of the tunnel. And then also, you know, we have a ton of players that get criticized. I, I love Brandon Graham when he talks about how he was criticized so early in his career. He put his head down, he worked his butt off. He learned from the adversity, he got better. And he has the 15 year career, you know, 15 plus year career that he's had, that he's had. And I love that. I love that. And now I'm able to, to share that too with guys. And so I'm grateful for it and, and you know, it sucks when you're going through it, but grateful for it now back. It probably makes it, well, Makes it, let's get back to some fun. Sorry. Well, I would imagine it makes it sweeter. Like Yeah. You know, like, if, if everything's easy, then the, the great moments don't feel the same.


No doubt. Right? What 50 cents say in that one song, pain wouldn't feel so good. Or I'll take you to the candy shop. It's your birthday. No, I think it was, I'll take you to the candy shop. Yeah, you're right. You're right. And then they did that movie with old school where they remade it. Yeah. That's one of my favorite lines. By the way, Another Italian has walked in Diana Rec here. So we just, we're full of Italians. Yeah. This is, this is a great room. This is, we're close to having a Rico act on this, on this whole room. Alright, max, go Number one. That was great. I'm happy that you're in this moment now because like Howie Roseman is another one that like, people really criticized him after like the jail and Raider, Justin Jefferson thing.


Now that It's gone, you say you, you criticized him. You see this pattern here. Pg myself. How I know it, It, it's good. It's good. And I'm ha I'm happy Philadelphia's turned on. People who deserve to be turned on for the better. You're turned on. So This Guy just loves to twist, twist my words, I try and say something. Right. Never works. Alright, next question back to Italians. Is Kevin Peto Italian? Because I'm seeing different Reports. Oh, what are you seeing? This is a racial, A lot of people were saying it's that it's actually a Scottish name. I'm No, no, no. I just want to This missed those rumors. If He's been lying to me for, I've been working with him for eight years. Alright. All the way back to Indy and then here.


Like if he's been lying to me about being Italian for this long, he can't be who can like, who can hold a lie for that long if it's not because he is been lying to me for eight years. If he has No, I I love it. I love, He'd be like George, he'd be like George Costanza if he can hold a lie for that long. I believe it. I just wanted the people of Philadelphia to know coming from you that He is do Italian. Italian. It's Italian certified stamped. Yeah, That's stamped follow up question to that. Let's get, let's get, I think the boys Fire up about No questions on Fangio though. Well obviously, I mean, Vic fan Fan. We Dick fan. We got another guy. There's a nice v on we got, If you have a question about this guy or, or, or one of our, our senior special teams assistant Joe Pen nuncio.


Any questions? Sounds, sounds like a great question. No Questions. Right? An excellent pie on I no, I, I believed, I believed it. I just wanted the people to stop, you know, putting out these fake rumors. Yeah. Good. I'm glad I was able to clear that up. But following up on Kevin Peto, can we get the Eagles fans fired up? Like what's he gonna bring to this offense? Tell me about Kevin Peto. Kevin, I, I haven't made a decision over the, the last five years or really even going back to Indy without the assistance of Kevin Peto. And that's just in, whether it's offense, whether it's head coaching, whether it's something to do with anything. He's my, the guy I lean into the most. And that's really, you talk to Shane Ste and you talk to Brian Johnson, you talk to Kellen Moore, they'll all say the same thing.


This guy is a star, you know, loves football bleeds, football wants to do every, like, has a great, the look at all what the player, all the players said about him after he got, after he got hired in endorsement that he gave that, that every one of 'em gave him. He's a special coach. And, and when you're able to, when you have a coach that you can keep consistency and continuity in the building for your offense, that that can be promoted. You, you do that. And we had a guy that was there ready to do it and I, I'm excited about his opportunity and I want him to do so well that he gets job interviews next year but doesn't get 'em but doesn't get, but doesn't get the, the, yeah.


You know, 'cause I don't wanna move on. And then I hope he does so well again that he gets those job interviews again and he, he strikes out on being a head coach again and then maybe then the third year does so well again, misses out on it one more time. And then the fourth year of him being the coordinator, then he goes, That seems fair to me. Let's get chance of continuity. Yeah, That's a good Plan. Alright. That's it. That's it for me. Good question. That's for me. You wanna apologize for putting him on The hot seat? I, He, he, he, he didn't actually apologize. Yeah. He said that's just the way we are. You know, it's like I yell at the rest. It's just the way I am. Yeah. No I'm Italian. I'm sorry. I'm a emotional guy. I'm an Emotional guy. He said, you're welcome. Hey, That's an thank Him for I'm from That's apology. Yeah.


Emotional guy. Thanks coach. I have a question from Max 12 months ago. Oh, max 12 months ago would ask you. No, no, no, No. Come on. Let, this is, this Was a question that you had a year ago. I didn't that that's a different, that's a different guy. Yeah, But let's just ask it. What do you do during games? No, no. I just kind of hang out. I just, He's making this up. This Up. You asked it. I just, I just kind of hang out during games. High Five People, that's what Max thinks. Yell at people. Yell at people. High five people. That's about It. Yeah. Flip off a guy in the stands. That guy in the Stands. I never, I didn't do that. He Encouraged you, right? Yeah. Yes. He was like, he was like, we gotta run Saquon more. And you're like, I will. And then you Did it And we did it.


And I'm like, did you like that? Yeah. He said yes. And I said, okay, it's good. And then it kind of became a little bit more of a topic than it was. Yeah. Yeah. The guy ac do you know that guy actually called in and said he wasn't talking to the whole fan. He was talking to me and he was having fun with me and nobody went with that story. I know. Yeah. The evils of, I'm sorry. The evils of the media. We'll listen to what we want to listen to and not put out the other, some of the other stuff. Oh Yeah. We definitely spread that You were yelling at a fan. Yeah. Not me. Absolutely. No, I think we, we did read it. 'cause I think he wrote online. He was like, Hey, this is me. Yeah. The fan that was, He was talking directly to me. That's what the guy said. I was talking directly to him and Nope. And I'm like, nobody even went with it. That story was written the way it wanted to be written. And that's where it went from there.


So By the way, I think you misquoted Max. I think his quote was no, what does this even do during Games? I don't think, I don't think that that, how that went at all. Yeah. Well it's good. I think that they're making this up. Got a super out of it. Huh? You got a Super Bowl. Yeah. No. These Are the burdens of leadership, right? Yeah. It's leadership's not always seen, right? Yeah. It's not always seen. And, and you know what we, I know what I signed up for. Yeah, I know that. I know that There's criticism that that comes when, when you don't perform the way that you need to perform. And that's what we signed up for. I also think when Max said that, you're like, you know, immortality. I would say Until we go three and Hour in four. Yeah. One in four. And I think you're, you're gonna be back on Max's hot seat. That's incorrect. That's Incorrect. Well, you know the, the last, the last time I, they told me about this when I first got here, they said, you know, we won the Super Bowl in 2017.


I'm like, oh yeah, I remember that. And and then they were like, well then next year in 2018 we went three and out our first drive and they were booing. Yeah. It may have been. And I may be exaggerating that. And it also may have been, we were, we were, we didn't score any points at halftime and they were booing. I'm like, shoot, That's Philly. That's, you Gotta love it. You better score some brace. You're passionate. You gotta score some points. Don't go three and out. Yeah. Alright. I had one last question. This has been awesome coach. Really appreciate it.


Rollback question RHO bac k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos. Hoodies, joggers, shorts, promo code. Take


our mutual friend Jason Candle. Why you gotta hire him? I know he is killing it Toledo, but he's he's a hell of an offensive coach. He's a stud. Yeah. Yeah. He's a stud and he is done. Awesome job at, at Toledo. Jason and I were teammates. Right. Jason and I were teammates his senior year in 2001. All right. And my sophomore year, it took me a little, it really was like my second, I had three more years after that 'cause it took me some more time to graduate Italian. Yeah. It, him and I were the starting receivers for the first two games. I got hurt and I was out the rest of the year. But then Jason was my coach, you know, in 2002 and 2003.


He was my, he was my receiver coach. Right. So imagine the guy you drink a lot of beers with and hang out with a lot. Now he's telling, now he's yelling at you and telling you what to do and everything like that. Yeah. But he is a great, he was, he was a great coach. Then fast forward to when I, now I'm going into coaching and I, and I take a job at Mount Union. Now, not only is he my roommate, my, you know, 'cause I'm, I'm gonna live in his house. He's my roommate. He's my colleague and he's my landlord 'cause he's charging me money to live in a home. Right. Listen to this. A lot of coaches lived in that. There was about five coaches that Jason was making money off of all of us, you know, charging us rent. I got the room 'cause I was, you know, they were a little, they were all a year or two older than me.


And I got the room that was in the, that was in the living room. It was connected to the dining room. I had a sheet to for a little bit of privacy. Yeah, yeah. No heat in that room. So I had a space heater. Oh, right. And so, and I was still getting charged the same amount of rent as everybody else. So, yeah. And so no, Jason Lum entrepreneur. Yeah. There you have you said it. Yeah. Did he tell it? Did he tip you off last year being like quinone Mitchell? Like Oh yeah. He gave us great, great insight. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He, I just wanted to pump Jason Kendall's tires. Yeah. Because He's, he's awesome. He's awesome. He's a great coach. He's done, he's done a great job and really value his, his opinion on things and find myself checking in with him on what he would do in certain situations.


And, you know, I know he's come and watch us practice and, And we share information and great relationship there and always proud to check his scores or watch his games. And, you know, I, I don't shy away from telling people in the building like they don't see Mountain Union scores. Yeah. So I'm like, Hey, do you see Toledo? Yeah. That's my guy. Yeah. That's Who won that game. Yeah. What is it about Mountain Union that real football guys know? Like there's something special about that college when it comes to coaching. We learned how to win there. And the coach that we all played for Larry Cares taught us how to win. Taught us. And then the guys that wanted to, that, that came back and coached for him taught us how to coach in Jason's case.


Taught him how to take advantage of his tenants in his, in his, in his house with the, with the heat. No heat and everything like that. But no, he just taught us how to win and taught us how to coach and taught us, you know, everything that he had to offer us to, to get better as, as football coaches. And, you know, how awesome is it for, for Coach Caris now to see, you know, Matt Campbell, you know, doing the things that he's doing at Iowa State and Jason doing the things that he's doing at Toledo. And then, you know, obviously us winning, he's, you know, he's got another guy here on the Colts that's the tight end coach. He's got coaches everywhere that have play, either played for him and coached for him. My bar, both my brothers included that.


He's, that he's touched our lives and, and, and helped us reach our goals. Well coach, thank you so much. Also congrats on the new contract. I don't think it's happened yet, but winning a Super Bowl right before a contract year. Good shit. That Was a good move. That's some good shit. That was a good move. Yeah. Yeah. That's some good shit. I know that you've probably been like, ah, that's pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, congrats on that. Congrats on all the success and appreciate you stopping By. Yeah, thanks for having me. It was fun.


Coach Sirianni was brought to you by proper 12. You've heard of the Irish exit. You slide out of the bar, you leave the party without saying goodbye to anyone slipping away quietly. I love a good Irish exit, but this St. Patrick's Day, proper 12 is celebrating a brand new trend. The Irish entrance. The Irish entrance is what happens when you show up and you bring the energy with great vibes and a bottle of proper number 12 Irish whiskey. The party starts with the Irish entrance and it simply wouldn't be a proper Irish entrance without proper 12. The original rich and smooth, proper number 12 Irish whiskey is a delicious blend of golden grain and single malt. It's triple distilled aged four years in bourbon barrels because anything else just wouldn't be proper. It's great. Straight on the rocks or in your favorite whiskey cocktail, make your Irish entrance this St. Patrick's Day with proper number 12 Irish whiskey. Make your Irish entrance this St. Patrick's stay with proper number 12 Irish whiskey.


We're gonna get to Diana Rossini in a second.


She's brought to you by no bull. No bull is known for their best in class award-winning footwear. It's a footwear brand for training and for daily life built to support you in your pursuit of physical, mental, and emotional strength with options across training and lifestyle. No bull has options for everyone. No bull celebrates a no bullshit approach to wellness. No. Bull is about being a work in progress and embracing the constant evolution to being better. The job is never done. I wore no bulls last week. Not to brag fellas, but it was like 50 degrees went for a run outside wearing the no bulls. I felt fast. I felt like I was in good shape, better shape maybe. If you're working out and you're embracing that no bull lifestyle, grab a pair of no Bulls exclusively for, Pardon my Take listeners, no Bull is offering 30% off your order. Visit www.nobullproject.com/pmt for 30% off your entire order. That's ww www.nobullproject.com/pmt and get 30% off.


And now here is Dianna Russini. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest, our good friend Diana Rossini from The Athletic. You can listen to her podcast, scoop City. Great podcast by the way. Have you Ever listened to it? Diana podcast. You've Never been on it. Diana Rossini podcast. Where's the invite? I've invited P fts. Come on. I've sent you numerous days. Well, he did not send me an invite. I never have. He wasn't very good. So my thought was, all right, I'm gonna avoid these guys for a bit. Let them find their rhythm again and then I'll invite Big Cat. So wait, I Wasn't very good on your podcast and your little pod. Our downloads weren't very good. Oh, That's not, that's that's fake. No, you are bad. I'm gonna boycott in solidarity.


Yeah, no, you were What you did. Was she? Well I knew you guys were so nervous about us, you know, jumping you guys as the number one sports podcast on the planet. So Scoop City. Oh yeah. Scoop city Com. We, not that we don't even a lion doesn't concern themselves with sheep. No. Yeah. Alright, so Diana, we're here at the combine. What's the buzz? What's the biggest story right now at the combine? The fact that you guys did not go out at all last night. That that buzz we're we're four babies. You turned 40 we're and you lost all your stamina. That's fast texting with you guys, like, nope. Going to bed. Yep. It's 8 45. No, I Stayed Up till 10. Oh my, you Think that also I want it on the record that I went home at 11 o'clock but I didn't go to sleep till one. 'cause I watched New Mexico lose and not cover till one o'clock.


Fair. So I'm not 40 yet, so I don't, I don't know what that's gonna feel like. Sick flex. Yeah. So, but I'm learning that it hits you hard, huh? Yeah. It comes at you quick. Yeah. Yeah. And we're losers. So, but what's do I need To fact check? This is gonna get community noted. What's that then? Well, You're, you're 42. Why would you do that? Well, because you, you were Talking about downloads. Oh shit. Made it very, that's the amount of download. I loved it. That's Believed it. 42 is the amount of downloads I got. It's a community. I believed it. Alright, so wherever Aaron Rogers lands, will the team let him do the Pat McAfee show per your reporting? I said that the Jets disgusted with Aaron Rogers what this year would look like if he stayed a jet.


Right. How are we gonna do this Pat McAfee thing? We would really like you to cut back on a lot of this stuff, the distractions so we could all be one, keep it all out. New chapter, new New York Jets. There was no ultimatum ever made. Aaron Rogers is not in New York anymore because he can't do Pat McAfee. That never even, it was never that hard of a conversation. It was just, look, I was giving the Jets credit through the whole thing of how about them taking their team back? Yeah. Hey Aaron Rogers, you haven't performed up to the level that we've wanted you to. You're Madden rating tips. We, we, we've, we've given you. Rick Is very upset. We've given you every player, everyone that you want. And it's still not good. So we're gonna start treating you the way everyone else should be treated.


And, and I think Rogers appreciates that. Like I think he's the type of player where maybe it appears that he wants that special treatment, but he lives in a space of the best coaches lead by holding the best players accountable. And, and everyone gets that same kind of treatment. And I think that's what the Jets were trying to do. And, and in the end I think both sides were like, yeah, no, this, this isn't gonna work. Not just because of that. I think there's a series of reasons. Yeah. What about Miles, Garrett? What are you hearing with him? Yeah, so look, Cleveland is yelling from the rooftop. We are not moving him, but just we, we've seen this a million times. They say that now. But I think when we get closer to the draft, we'll see some movement. I think Philly's gonna try to go hard here. I think Howie is going to make some decisions here in free agency and, and determine who he can live without.


And, and I think some of these guys that are up, he's gonna be comfortable walking away from, despite the fact they obviously just had so much success with this roster. But I think you make those kind of moves and you, you take a big swing for, for someone like Miles Garrett. And, and Howie will tell you, and I'm sure Nick said it too, when he spoke to you guys, like they build their team, you know, through, through their lines. So what, I mean, what, what better answer than bringing to Miles Garrett. Yeah. Yeah. Was this the first year that you had a MVP vote? It's, it was my second year actually. The second year. It was the first year it was revealed. Yeah. And I did not know that. And I was out to dinner and my phone was blowing up with people in football. Very angry that I voted for people that I voted for.


So that stunk. I wish I knew that. 'cause I think it would've Changed your vote. It would Not have changed my vote. But I love Josh Allen and I am avoiding him not as much As I do For a really long time. I'm a well, I'm well aware. I was really thinking about him winning the MVPI, I feel like I have to apologize. I still believe my vote was right. Like I think I was, I was looking at it differently than, than I think the other voters were. I felt like there were games in which the defense in Buffalo helped Josh Moore in winning those games where I felt like Lamar had to do it more on his own. 'cause he didn't have that type of defense this year. That, that was kind of how I viewed it. I it was, look, there were days I woke up and I thought it was Josh.


There were days I woke up. I thought it was Lamar. I like stressed about it. But in the, in the end, I, I did vote for for Lamar. Yeah. Well you told me, I believe it was the Tuesday of Super Bowl week. Lamar Jackson, a hundred percent winning MVP. And you knew that I had a future on Lamar to win that MVP. Correct. You said a hundred percent. Don't worry about it. It's already done. That was very mean. Yeah. I purposely lied to you because I knew how much you had on that. Yeah. And I just, I thought, I thought it would just be fun. That's funny to play games with you there. That's very funny. How'd that turn out? Oh, it was not, not ideal all but then The excitement in your face when I told you that Lamar was winning that whole thing was you're like, oh my god. Oh my God. You were shaking. You're like freaking out about it.


Well, I mean, winning a big bet in New Orleans, it is gonna be fun. Yeah. Now I was just excited to have fun that week. How'd You guys do in New Orleans? Like just on all your bets. It Was, Eagles won the Super Bowl. It was Pretty good. Yeah. I made money the Super Bowl, which is, it's rare. Did You go to the casino? No. Did not go to the, did not go to the Casino. No. You guys killed at the casino in Vegas. Yeah, we did. Yeah. Remember you guys were posting photos of like all these That was a little gross chaos. Yeah, it was showing off. Do you like new Orleans's, super Bowl City? That was unbelievable. It Was very fun. That Was the, I've, I've done 12 Super Bowls. That was the best Super Bowl I've ever been to. Yeah. Everything from, from just the logistics, the excitement. There was something to do everywhere. It didn't, you didn't need a plan. You could just like go anywhere and it wa it was fun.


And I just thought this, the fact that the Eagles just absolutely destroyed the Chiefs, the celebration afterwards wa was one of the best post games I've ever covered to in any sport. Yeah. Obviously you saw Saquon going berserk. I've never seen him like that. Ever. Yeah. Ever. Like even in some, he's had success obviously in his career and that it meant so much to him. Yeah. And I think it was such a, yes. I, I knew I was this guy despite the fact that New York didn't think I was. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You felt it. Vindication. Yeah. Question for you personally, you left E-S-P-N-I feel like the bet is paid off. How, how is it going? Like that's a scary thing for a lot of people to leave ESPN 'cause it is kind of, you know, the mothership and all that stuff and you've been crushing it in your new role at the athletic in your podcast.


Do you look back and you're like, that was an awesome decision by me. 'cause it's, it takes balls. Like it was, you know, that's to make that jump. It Does. Thank you. Yeah. It was hard. And you guys are, you know, you knew what was going on with me on, on the mental side of it. It was hard to say. I love my job. I love ESPN. I was having success there, but I, I felt like I needed to go somewhere to challenge myself. And this job is so much harder than what I was doing on tv. It's not even close. Like to have to write what you know and the written word compared to what you can say on tv. I just feel like it, it lasts forever. And, and once you collect that information and you put your name on it and it never goes away.


One, I'm, I'm proud of it, but, but it, it's definitely challenging. But I'm, I'm getting exactly what I wanted. I can tell you that. Yeah. You're a columnist. I am. That's it's big. And your column comes out Saturday, which great job figuring that out. Like good job putting out your column one day before everybody else. That is so funny that you say that. Smart. Very Smart. You think I planned it that way? I did not. Okay. So I was doing it on Sunday and you know, it wasn't really getting much traction. 'cause Adam and Ian, you know, they're so great at what they do and they were putting out news and I was putting out the same stuff. So it was like, why, why are people gonna read my column if they've already seen it on tv? So I was trying to one weekend, just get ahead of stuff because I wanted to go to an actual game on Sunday.


So he's like, you know what, why don't I just publish this on Saturday? I just threw it out there thinking it wouldn't really result in anything. And it was the best decision I made because I got ahead of the news cycle. Whereas like Saturday can put out all the stuff about the games and, and obviously people want to want to hear it and read it. Yeah. Do you, so it comes out Saturday when you write it, do you write it like Friday night? Yeah, I write it like midnight sometimes. That sucks. Damn. No. So no, my Friday nights are horrendous. I remember you used to write a column On, on Monday. Yeah. Monday morning. Remember that Stress used to have Yes. Writing that. I mean, It, it takes a long time to write. Yeah. Okay. I think there's a little difference in what you're writing about. No, yeah. My, my shit was good. No, no. Yours is, it was good, but it but it wasn't, it wasn't journalism.


Yeah. No, I broke some news, but yeah, that's, that's fair. You know, so it's stressful when you're putting information out that you know, is going to piss people off too. Right. Because that's the other part of this is when, when you report stuff, I think peop you know, people just take the information and run. The rest of my day is filled with taking calls from agents, players, PR people. Hey, I didn't like the tone of that. What you mean by this? Even when I write like glowing reports about teams or a coach or a player, someone's always mad. So I publish Saturday morning at 10:00 AM I spend my whole day dealing with the memes of the world. Yeah. Like I could He's right there.


He's right there. Someone's always mad. He's right there. He's, I can feel it. Yeah. Why memes? Why are you So angry Memes. Get out, get out here. Let's go. Let's have Why angry? You're, you, you have a lot of, lot of hate in your heart. Let it out. Let's, let's go. Oh, he, oh, He's got a document ready to go on his phone. Oh, okay. Uhoh. Oh, nice group chat is Oh, the group chat. Oh, the group chat. He, He's gonna ask questions. Pissed off the group chat. The, the text from Jack Mack said You did report the ultimatum. No, I didn't. I never said the word ultimatum. She did report that. You can write back here. Take a video of me. Ready? I didn't report that. Listen to Scoop City. Hi. What's his name? Jack Mack. Jack Inventor Of Scoop City. Jack Mack. Jack Mack. Yeah. He actually invented Scoop City. You stole the name from him.


Oh, he was the one with the original With the TikTok. Yeah. Jack, I'm so sorry I took the name. Either way. The Jets never made it an ultimatum and I never reported that. I'm sorry you took it that way. And who cares at this point? Oh, jets fans care. They care. Jets fans care a lot. The Jets Also. Here's the thing, here's the thing with memes, is memes can, you can look up and see if she used the word ultimatum. You can listen The column, listen to the podcast, and you can read my article and you can see what it says. No. Reading a headline and basing all your facts on that is actually the correct way to do it. Think so. Memes, what do you have? What? Let's, let's, let's get it, let's get it. Let's, here's question. Let's Rip the bandaid off. Here's why. Why are you guys on such a hunt? To find out or discover if, if my reporting's wrong, it's, it's never been inaccurate.


Not one thing I've ever reported about the New York Jets has been wrong. Well, I think your reports, the problem is the aggregators take your report and the way you word your report, make it seem like you're coming directly after the Jets Feelings are hurt. So your Pro is your problem with the, with the Affidavit. She's not really, so that's not So we don't really have a beef. No. She is Dove kleidman also. That's her, that's Her football. Yeah. So, so what's your beef? Memes? The ultimatum. That's pretty, that's my beef right now. What, What else Did the Madden stuff bother you? The what stuff? The Madden stuff? No. Well, yes, because the Ravens also use Madden rating.


Oh, okay. So you should have put that in there. I put, I didn't, I didn't criticize it. I didn't have an opinion about it. I just said, here Are the facts. You, you had the report that got got it out there that you were like, Hey, we have an 18-year-old running the team. Which is a problem. But, So again, your problem is not with her or her reporting. It's the fact that the fact That she reported So Reporting there's 31 other teams. Let's be even with it. Yeah. Oh, so you, you want dysfunction on it on every other team. Yes. You want me to go find that There's dysfunction everywhere? Not as much as in New York. Look, I think He's so mad. Oh My gosh. He broke your heart. I didn't mean it that way. Look, I think things are gonna get better. Like, how about the fact that Woody Johnson came out and said, I need to be a better runner.


I thought that was awesome. That was self-awareness. I don't think the article caused that. I think he's looking at his body of work going as an owner, this isn't good. This isn't good at all. He got a f today. But if you're reporting helps get Woody Johnson out, that's fine. What Else can I do? But if you're taking down the new leadership, the head coach, I, I can't win with you. That's why I realized There's no, he's gonna be mad at you. I think it's really just like the don't shoot represen, shoot the messenger. Shoot the message. He's just gonna shoot the messenger every Time. Yeah. I re I represent the stuff that bothers you. Correct. And I don't want to, you realize I love the Jets. Like I grew up a Jets fan. No, you, you hate the Jets. I don't hate, I don't know what the Jets ever did to you.


But you hate the Jets. I don't. Alright, so memes, do you have anything else besides the ultimatum that is bothering you right now? No. We could be friends if you're reporting jets Woody Johnson out. Oh No. Okay, so there you go. You've got your mission. No, I'm good there. I don't wanna be friends. I just wanna be cool. I feel like there's just so much tension between us. Like, 'cause Max and I used to have a little tension because of our situation, but we've now also Passed that that reporting could have been a lie. Oh No. It's all called into question. Wow. Yeah. Wow. No, I think that reporting was incredible. Wait, you are questioning my, we don't have to talk about that reporting. That reporting is fine As it is. We don't need to bring that back up again. We are not going through this again. But I I, I can tell you stand, I will stand by that one for, I Stand by that reporting.


That's a, that's a fact. What, what if she just reports occasionally better stories about the Jets That could work. What if you guys win games? It's a start. Because That could also work. That could also Work. I mean, if you go through a season where you fire a coach without like a plan in place to replace him, and then the guy that you used to replace him, his unit goes to shit. And then your quarterback has like the most drama filled gear ever where he is talking about running for vice president. I feel like his, he didn't Oh, he didn't talk about that. You talked about that. Well, no. Is you, You were the first person to bring that story. I I was the first person to reported it. You heard? But it was true. Heard, but it was true. Dan. I wrote some stuff about the Bears. Yeah.


How did, like did you, They're a dumpster fire. Did you call me like hate you? No, they're A dumpster. Fire hate. No, it's usually, I actually appreciate reporters because they bring to light things that should be brought to light. So it's like when there's a problem, I want it reported so that they can be embarrassed by that problem. So that's what I thought fans wanted as well. Yeah. I thought that type of reporting and journalism was something that was missing. 'cause there's not a lot of outlets that are doing that type of reporting anymore. Correct. But I found in New York, the fans actually don't want know. They don't told it's good. Just say it's awesome. So like Memes, you would rather like, the, the fact that the Brick Johnson playing Madden as the shadow gm, that's a good story to come out because then the Jets might look in the mirror and be like, oh shit, this is stupid.


We should stop doing this. Yeah. If they don't, if Diana doesn't report that, they just can keep doing that and no one will ever know. But did you hear what I said? That the Ravens do that and they're one of the Best organizations Except though the, the raid in Matt Madden, the Madden ratings are looked at by the adult general manager, not, not the child of the owner. A very, very important distinction of which we stand By. Brick. Yeah. Brick. Probably bricks. Great. Probably listen show Brick is Archive. I hope Brooke turns out to be an awesome owner. You know. We'll, we'll we'll see. He's getting his feet wet. Yeah. So what are, what are some storylines that you're working on this week besides Miles Garrett means You're good. Matt Stafford. Well, the receiver market, right? I, the, the whole Bengal situation. Like how are they gonna pay on these, these guys Whatcha are gonna, So they're gonna, they're gonna, if they, I have a prediction.


This is bold, but if they franchise tag tag t Higgins, I think maybe the hamstring injury might crop up once or twice next season. Yeah. The I I, he doesn't wanna be tagged. Like they, they came out publicly and said what, what I've been hearing is that they, they do wanna work on a long-term deal, but I can tell you teams that are interested in t are operating like he's not leaving Cincinnati. Yeah. They, they, most of the league thinks he's gonna get tagged in the end, as, as you said. But I don't think that's gonna be the good play. But I just have a hard time like doing the math of how this can all work of, of how they can bring all these guys back when they, they're claiming it's gonna be done soon too. Right. And look, if if they do, that's awesome. But, so I'm keeping an eye on that one. And then just Kansas City, you know, like we saw what the Eagles did to them.


They gotta get better on the offensive line. They're, they're trying to get Trey Smith done. I I think he was gonna hit free agency too, but then they saw what, what happened to Patrick in the game. And they're like, shit. Like we, we probably need to bring him back. Right. So I just, I, I like this idea that the chiefs are gonna revamp here and try to fix it the way they did after Tampa. 'cause it, it looked almost identical. Yeah. You know, I felt that same panic. And I think we also, we, we saw it in Patrick right after the second play. It was like, oh, this, this is not the normal chill Mahomes with some time. He sees the problem, you know, Jalen Carter. Right. So is there a team that you talk to and you're impressed and being like, maybe they haven't taken that step and been a playoff team or like a Super Bowl contender, but you're like, they're doing things the correct way.


Yeah. And it's coming And it's important too. Yeah. Because to, to differentiate. 'cause I think a lot of teams talk about what they wanna do and there's those that are actually doing, I think the Denver Broncos are on their way. Yeah. Right. I, you know, I think Sean Payton's got one of the best like grips on a team. He's so good at knowing what's best for them. He's hard. Like you go to their practices, they're brutal to watch. He, he, he's a little bit like Andy where they, you know, they just go hard. All, all all sub. But just the fact that he hit on bow Nicks and, and they're just gonna continue to build around him. And they've got him on a young rookie deal and they've, they've got a little swag them. Yeah. Like they, they, they wanna compete. They wanna play the Chiefs. So I'd say that they're, they're a team and New England right now.


They, I'm probably most excited to see what they're gonna do. This is a gigantic off season for the New England Patriots for the future. Like, I, I don't, I don't think they're gonna be that great next year. Like I think they'll probably win seven, eight games. Well actually that's probably good concerning where they came from, but, or where they were last year. But I think it's n the next, it's 26. Right. Where I think that's, that's where it's gonna to They're gonna be, they're gonna be contenders. Yeah. They're, they're gonna be guys that are going have giving Josh Allen a problem. What, what, what are you hearing about the draft in terms of there are teams that are, you expect to be aggressive, possibly moving around, perhaps possibly trading up? It's a weird draft because it doesn't, it doesn't feel like teams are totally sold on both quarterbacks.


But we know that both quarterbacks are gonna get drafted really high. 'cause that's just how it goes. But how is, how are teams approaching it? I know it's, it's funny. It's that idea of like, you don't go to the grocery store hungry. Right? Right. Everyone's Ized. Right. I, yeah, I always do. So every single time It's the worst. Why Else are you gonna the grocery store? I, and then I start eating when I'm at the grocery store. Yeah. I need seven types of Oreos. Yeah, I was gonna say, and they, why do you always crave weird stuff when you go to the grocery store? Right. I'm like, I'm eating Twizzlerss, but I really wanna, I want eggnog. I think it's like, that makes no sense. You know? Yeah. Well that might be because you're pregnant. Not right now. Wait, but you were, do you crave Egg? I see Dan last night and he goes, he's right. By the way, what an observation by you. I Got die for That because I walked up to the table drinking water, which I guess in indie, nobody's drinking water.


And I'm definitely never drinking water. But I was like, I need, I need to take a break. Yeah. And I've been going so hard from New Orleans to now I need to just, I need one hour. And I just happened to see you when I had that water and you gave me that look. I was just like, oh. Like you looked in my soul. Like, you, you went for three psycho Well, there is context because we have discussed the difference between two and three. Yeah. And, and how much it changes everything. So I was like, oh, can't do. She did it. I I can't do it physically, mentally. My husband is the happiest I have ever seen him right now because of the Eagles winning. Yeah. That I, I don't wanna rock the boat. I don't wanna shake things up in my house because like, even good vibes. Yeah. Like, you guys know how it is. Like, I'm on the road. I got the two little guys back at home.


Kev hasn't even texted me one thing since I've been here. No, actually he did. He asked me about something with Jalen Carter. Just a stupid football question. But no, like, I love it. He just, oh, he's, he just uses you as like anything evil. Yeah. Oh, Constantly. Constantly. Yeah. Yeah. But in terms of like the happiness, the joy in our home right now is better than it is ever been. Yeah. Ride away. It wasn't like this after we got married. Not after Mikey. Not after Joey. Like, it, it is so good. And I, I, I, we gotta squeeze this thing out. It's Eagle Birds. Well, when I, every time I see Howie, I just like hug him. I'm like, you saved my marriage. Like, things were so rough right there, you know, birds.


Especially when they, you know, when I wasn't too sure what they were gonna be. Yeah. And Max had Siri in the hot seat. Yeah. Max had, sir. I I was doing the same thing because there, there were, there were people around the league looking at it the way I think the fans were looking at it, which is with all of this talent and all the pieces that Howie has put to assemble this championship team, the coach can't be the reason this doesn't happen. Right. You know? And so credit to Sirianni for I think growing in all of this. Yeah. And, and he even sounds like he's, he's grown from it. He was tremendous. I I, he talked to me right after they won right. On the field. And he was so reflective of just owning that it hasn't been perfect. And I love that about 'em. Yeah. I was like, yeah.


Like I wasn't good. I was too emotional. Wait, so we went on a tangent. Back to the question, who's gonna be aggressive? Oh, I think the Giants are gonna try to get up. Oh. To trade out with the Titans. I think they're gonna be aggressive in this. They're, you know, they're obviously also keeping their eye on Stafford and, and Tennessee is open for business. Like, I, I think the approach that they are gonna have headed into this is we need to get some picks. We, we need to continue to build because they were, they were the worst team in football last year after having a free agency, spending, you know, they went crazy bringing in players, but they didn't really find any pillars. You know, they didn't find any blocks that they're gonna use to continue to get better in the future. So that's really where I'm, I'm keeping my eye, my eye on.


And, and I think the Raiders are gonna be making moves. Ooh. I I have my i them outside The Stafford thing, as I mentioned before, Tom Brady has a lot of influence on what's going on there. And he, and he, he wants to do shake it up there. They, they want to do the do it that way. So. We'll, we'll see what happens. Max Crosby's obviously a player that tons of teams are interested in if he'd be made available. But, but I think Brady's smart enough to know you. You don't, you don't move a guy like Max Crosby. Yeah. What's up with his contract, isn't it Max? It's non-guaranteed. He's got two years left. Yeah. No guaranteed money. They, They keep saying that they're gonna be extending him or at least working on it, but until you have a deal Right. It's like zero out until you a deal, you know. No deal.


Yeah. I think his situation's different than like, miles Gary, where my look, miles wants to get paid. Of course he's, he wants to be paid the highest in that position, but he really wants to win. Like he, he's got this attitude like, it's not happening here in Cleveland. Like, I don't like your plan and I think we could all agree that the plan's not great. Right. Yeah. I don't even know what what they're gonna do in terms of quarterback here. I mean, I think they're gonna wind up drafting one probably. That's definitely on the table for them. They poked around on the Stafford stuff a little, but they're not as aggressive as the Giants and the Raiders at this point. But I, I think for Max, he, he, he just wants to win too. Like, but, but he, he, he's gonna get paid. What do you do you miss at all the, the Sunday morning routine of going, you know, Of freezing water.


Yeah. You Yeah. That, that was an all time clip. Love that. When you were like, look how cold it is at Foxborough, you turned the water upside down and it was, it was cold water that you didn't point out that it was cold water. You were just like, oh, it's still liquid, but It was really Cold. I know. It doesn't shock you guys 'cause you know me for so long, but I, my dad said this to me once. He's like, you're the smartest, dumb person I know. Like, I have moments where I think that's A good place to be. That's really good. I can be Really way better than You're actually like that you are the poster child. Yeah. It's a great spot. You have Some brilliant, like just you're talented human being, but I'm dumb and you say things, but I've heard you say things where I'm like, yeah, Dan is dumb. Well, 'cause you never know. You can keep people on their toes. Like, we did a Pope watch on Monday and people were like, dude, you just said a bunch of like St.


Louis Cardinals prospects. It's like, I did that on purpose, but I also could have made a mistake. Kind of never know. It is, There is a good way to keep people, you know, ready for or unready for for for what? For what she got. So, Yeah. A team we haven't talked about in a while. I feel like the Cowboys was the league shocked when they went with Brian Schottenheimer in that entire coaching search? 'cause it, it didn't feel like they did a coaching search. Yeah, I'd heard they did a little bit. I'd heard that they did some backdoor stuff. They weren't sure they were really gonna move on from Mike. So let's start there. Right. So there was obviously not some big plan, right? Because most of these teams know, all right, we're gonna, we're firing this guy. Let's start putting the feelers out. Let's, let's have a, let's beat and think about what it is that we're looking for in this next head coach.


But I think for Dallas, they weren't sure how that was gonna go with Mike. I think they thought he'd stay. I thought that they'd be able to knock out a contract. They obviously were not able to do that after, after having conversations with him. And at the time, Belichick was, was already kind of doing the North Carolina thing. And I'd heard that Dallas had some fuelers out to him. So if that's their search, I mean they probably could have been better. Right. They probably could have gotten more opportunities with other coaches if they made the call earlier. Right. So you could be critical of that. Yeah. It felt clunky. I I very clunky. And I, and I can tell you though, from the perspective of the Dallas Cowboys, Brian Heimer had to be a piece of it.


Whether that meant head coach, oc they were not parting ways of Brian Schottenheimer. So yes. Surprise that he's the head coach, but not a surprise knowing that that was part of the formula for what they wanted in next. Right. Well they also had a phone call to Dion. Sanders. Yeah. Right. You talked Jerry Jones talked to him. I remember. So that, that, that story came out and you know, you, you make you as a reporter, you start making calls like, is this real? Like this is crazy. And like, everyone that I trust was like, this is, this is not real. This is not the, I'm like, I'm gonna go hard on this if I go hard, you know, the chance of Dion tweeting about are probably good. Like if I'm wrong on it. So I'm like, you know, I'm just gonna go for it. And obviously panned out to just be light flirting. Yeah. Maybe not even flirt like a call.


Like how are, how are the kids, you Bat bat his eyes at Dion? Yeah. Yeah. An ultimatum. Yeah. Just kidding. I, I had one last question.


It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code take.


So we had sheer on on Friday's show. I'm gonna ask you a similar question. The NFL can't do a Super Bowl abroad. Can you make sure that doesn't happen? Why not? Why don't you wanna Do it? It sucks. It's our game. It would suck Ass. Don't do that. I mean, look, coming off New Orleans, it's hard to imagine like the, the travel, like if you took the logistics out of it Yeah. Would you be into it? No, No, no. It's, it's our game. It's America's game. You can't Give the game to another country. The food in London sucks. It doesn't have to. The teeth are bad. What? You're gonna have media members just complaining all week. Teeth are bad. You think the teeth would affect the, your are the teeth Are bad in London? Im sorry. They Are, they have bad Teeth. Okay. What if it was in Italy And we got to eat really well Perverts. Yeah.


Too many PERTs. And what are the teeth Like in Italy? Per, are you Calling Italians perverts? Oh, I just, I don't think that the NFL should do an overseas game for the Super Bowl. I'm open to it. Okay. I don't like That. I'm open to it. I I like The group. So can't we can't, we can't rely. It's not, You can't depend on me to say Take this Memes. Memes is starting to make a Lot. I see what you're saying. It's a bad, Bad opinion. That saying, As somebody who is complaining about the travel to every Super Bowl, you're right. Like taking a 10 hour flight for, for that week would be miserable. Imagine Being stuck next to Max on the flight over to London. Yeah. Not, not great. No. Yeah, We're done talking, drinking. Literally. We're done talking about that. You'd gas you out.


I Do have a complaint. Sure. It seems that you've turned your back on Washington DC what you used to be. You used to dabble in DC Homer. I am. All I I tweet every time they win. Like, I can't imagine what it's like in Washington. Holy crap. Jaylen's amazing. Like Dan Quinn, coach of the Year. Like whatcha talking about He used to gas up the capitals occasionally. I did. And we talk about Was watching we talk about The Wizards the other day. Yeah. Like how is he still playing? It's crazy. He's awesome. He's So you wanna talk about us being old? He's a beast. Like he is old and he's out here chasing. Look, I think what this, it's almost unbelievable. I think that's what it is. It's, it's been so good. And if it appears from ownership down and the way they're building it, that it's almost hard to fathom that it's real.


You know? Yeah. So it, it's not that I don't wanna jump on it, it's just I need, I need one more year to be like, okay, they're really good. This, this is great. 'cause my hopes now are high. My hopes are high for the bears. Yeah. If, if they can improve Caleb, get 'em an offensive line. Get a couple of weapons on defense. I, I think it's A lot of things you just said. It's a lot. Ben Johnson seems like he's the guy. I think so. I think he is. And this. Oh man. Alright. Well Diana, thank you as always. You're the best. It's great having you on full Italian podcast with you and Nick Siri. So much. Big Time. Love it. You need A big food. That's, that's, I need to Be doing. Any questions for us? How to get those numbers up on Scoop City? I think you need rebrand the Diana Rossini podcast featuring Diana Rossini.


You think that's what I that's what Memes called it. Yeah. Yeah. The Dianna Russini Podcast. Podcast, Yeah. So you don't like Scoop City? No, I like Scoop City. You stole it from Jack Mack. But I like Scoop City. Sorry about That. I told you how people were asking me in football. If it was a podcast about ice cream, that Would be cool. Like, I would listen. You listen to that. Actually, you know what, I'll break my boycott and I'll come on. If we only talk about ice cream. Perfect. That's it. No questions about Anything else. Nothing else. Just ice cream top. Have all the Bears fans tune in thinking that they're gonna give the hot takes about Chicago. Yeah. Even call it like the Sunday mailbag, but it's spelled S-U-N-D-A-E. Oh, that's smart. I'll take my shirt off and eat some ice cream. Yeah. Another good idea. Yeah. So I'll take it. I'll take it and run with it. So thank you. Alright. Thank you so much. Diana. Should I have Best, should I have a third?


Yeah. Yeah. I, it's a lot. But it's also gonna be awesome when they're all a little older. Let's just go for two. Back to back Superbowls. Yeah, there you go. That's what I'll go for. Then you'll have, then you'll have the third after you win a second Super Bowl. Yeah. Super Bowl baby. Yeah, Exactly. All right, thanks Dan. Thanks guys. Okay, let's wrap up. Adrian Brody threw his gum at his wife. That's our other Oscars brutal. Yeah. Why? I don't know. 'cause he had to go up and give a speech And he threw his gum at her. He Was, he had gum in his mouth and he tossed it back at her. This is some high level Oscar stuff For people. I would never do. People Will Smith's been topped.


He has what? Just search Adrian Brody. What are you doing? Best picture? That's so funny. I don't know Shane. Oh, that's weird. Max searched best picture. And it was just a highlight of Cooper de Jean's. Pick six. No it wasn't, Oh it was D Devonte Smith. Sorry. Alright. Thank you to Nick Siri and Diana Rossini. Let's do numbers. We gotta get it. Someone's gotta get it. It's a while. It's been a a while. I think Memes are gonna get it today. That Would be sick. Pug, are you a little upset at yourself? Because someone pointed out that if you had continued your working backwards from 99, you would've gotten it on Friday at 93. Yeah. I would've kept getting it if I kept going down from 98. But I couldn't forgive myself if 99 did show up and I went like 94 or something.


Yeah. So I, I just gotta stick with it. Brutal. Okay, say the numbers again. 3 6 27. I'll go 77 for Luca. 99 P. 24 Luca might be the chins of this leaf. 2111 Memes. You ever gotten this? Nope. Well I have. Are you ever gonna get it? I Think memes gonna get it today. Memes. What'd you pick? Three. Here comes three memes. I So Memes birthday by the way. 30. Happy Birthday man. Happy Birthday mem. Wait, today's your fucking birthday. Well, not today.


Today People tomorrow to, Which is today. Oh, so I didn't miss your birthday. No, I got all day to tomorrow. Fucking tomorrow. Which is today. Throw gifts at you. Memes. I got your present. Did you? Yeah. Cool. It's flight simulator. It's getting delivered to the office. Oh, fuck you. 32. There's a three in there. Memes. You know what for me's birthday. Let's run it again. This counts. Yep. Okay. Three. Let's go. Come on. Memes. 11. I'll go 30. I'm Glad that wasn't 33 'cause that was the other one. Three. Three. I'll go 33 memes. Dammit. It's your birthday. Me. It was 30th. I'll go five. Ugh. Nine. Nine pop. 77. Jack pick 77. Nine. Oh, you fucking dick Jack.


He did 77. Yeah, 77 right After I did what it was. He Didn't even know he doesn't have headphones. Oh, you didn't even know What was your number last time, Jack number last Time? 24. Alright, I'll go 24. So, so you're out on 33? I'm out on 33. 33. I'll take 33. Alright, Everyone say their number. Five. 30 11. 3, 2, 8. Why's max Nine? Nine Put 24 77. Cool. 29 people are gonna think from the time timestamps that someone got it. My five. Oh, nice.


F Yeah, let's go. Yes. Mees number five. This is the only thing memes had over you. You've now erased Jaden, Daniel Daniels On his birthday. Happy birthday. I thought you were gonna say I got something. You, You know what, you know what said I, I got, I got memes of present. It's number five. Memes. I, I'd like you to have this. I'd like you to go fucking Talk. He said he memes said I'm taller than him. So technically I have everything over him. That's good. That's good. Memes. I, I want to award this five to You. Wow. Not gonna get angry. Wow. Am I, am I allowed to do that? That can I give memes mine? No you're not. You can. It's nice Jess. You can't do it. I, I wanted to wish you Could, you would. Hold on. I'm trying, hold on. I'm literally Trying to do that right Now.


Hold on. Let me pull up the bylaws. Okay. Real quick Because I, As it stands, this five that I just picked for myself, I would rather memes have it. I want to give that five to memes. I want memes to get his first hit. Okay. Alright. I'm finding it under section 17. Rule number 84. It says that no lottery ball participant can give their winning ball to anyone else. Even if it's their birthday. Even if it's memes. Birthday is actually what it says. Except for that one time. Well no that wasn't, that was different. No, that wasn't it. It was before that was before the selection. Yeah. Yeah. It was some stupid fucking rule. But now memes you got nothing.


You got nothing. Shit. You got nothing. Yeah, I got nothing. Happy birthday. Memes. Memes. You Know what, one more just for you. You're the only one who could say the number. It's gotta be Three. Okay. Yeah, it does, doesn't it? Yeah. Oh, memes gotta be three. You so do. Are you sure it It has to be. Are you sure? Memes? I don't think it's gonna be three. You should pick another number right now. No, it's gonna be three. You should pick another number right now. Me. It's gonna be three. It's not gonna be three. You Believe he's never gotten this? Come on memes. It's so easy. You got this Oh six. You're so close. Damn, Didn't Hank pick that before I did. Oh fuck.


I picked six memes. I told you to pick a different number. You wanna do one more memes? All right, one more memes. Oh Yeah, we'll keep going. We'll Keep going. Memes are an obvious Number. He's never gonna get it. There's an obvious number. Is it three? No, 7, 5, 6, 7. But I'm gonna pick seven and then three's gonna pop. No, you got it. Memes pick your number. Alright. Seven. Okay. Ah. I hope it's three so bad. I want three. Three so bad. Nothing would be better. Ah. 81. Not even close. Not even close memes. You're gonna get this.


Nah, he's not. He's never gonna get it. Happy birthday though. Me. Happy birthday memes. Happy birthday. Tar Knocks was crazy. Oh, Love you guys. Love you memes. Damn. Fuck all.