
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts, Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have our fantasy football preview with the one and own only. Jerry O'Connell in Studio He took the red eye to get here. It was great. It's great to see JOC, Mount Rushmore of Pardon, My Take Guess. so We did it all. He also had a nice poem for hanky, hanky hanky We. were gonna do the Mount Rushmore of everything. We're very close to having Mount Rushmore season end. We're gonna do FAQs.


listener submitted FAQs, and talk a little football.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. We had the appetizer last week. Now it's time to feast. College football is back. Don't miss any of the action Jump in at DraftKings Sportsbook. It's a full slate of games for week one, including the big matchup in Atlanta between the preseason number one and number 16. Clemson and Georgia are playing on Saturday. It's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win Go to the DraftKings Sports book app. Select your team and place your first bet. This is going to be DraftKings biggest college football season to date. Enjoy the ride now all the way through the expanded playoffs And for all newbies getting into college spirit. Here's something extra special. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big with DraftKings all college football season long. Download the DraftKings Sportswear app now. Use code take that's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/ft Ball.


Okay, let's go Football guy. Welcome to part of my take. Presented by DraftKings. Score big with DraftKings all college football season. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now. Use code take, that's code take for new customers. Get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, August 28th.


And. it is Cut day boys. Yeah, we're Going going through it right now. We're all going through it. Going through It big time. A lot of guys that you thought were gonna make the team based on how they did in week three of the preseason, a lot of those guys ended up not making the team How the, how they s sang in hard knocks. How they sang. Austin Reid got cut. Yeah. Oh. How, how do we feel about tonight's hard knocks? Can we do a recap? Oh yeah. Recap of hard knocks tonight. It is two 30. We were in it again. Yeah, we were in it again. Yeah. The whole thing. So we just went back, And. it Was a recap of our episode from last week. Yeah. We went back and we rewatched week two of hard knocks. Yeah. They she needed to show more Caleb. More Caleb. Yeah. No, we, we we're, we phase out hard knocks around this time. I'm gonna watch it. I don't think anyone else is gonna watch it.


No, but that's okay because foot real football's about to be back. But we do have cut day. I saw a rumor that Jamis might get traded. Yeah. So Jamis of the $4 million vibes guy is, I think it's a clear case of the backup quarterback being too popular. Yeah. Especially when you got Deshaun Watson ahead of him. So I feel like the Browns, they, I mean, they could have anyone. So DT R is gonna make the team. They said, okay, so Jamis might get traded and we should all be so lucky to have Jamis Winston. That's actually great news for us because everybody has something to look forward to. Maybe Jamis Winston will be on our team by the end of the day. Yeah. I mean, well, I was gonna say our team, Barstool Sports, You might be traded to Barstool Sports If he gets, if he gets cut and no one picks him up, he's got a, he's got a seat ready to go.


Listen, If, you want to make Deshaun Watson happy? All you have to do is you trade Jamis Winston to Barstool Sports in exchange for our personal in-house masseuse. Hank Lockwood. Yes. To the Browns. And then I think, talk About a vibe switch. Huge vibe. That'd be the greatest vibe Cha trade of all time. Huge. Max. You just yawned made me yawn. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh man. What the fuck? Now people are listening right now. Yawning. There's someone who just yawned because of that. And Hank was laying down earlier. So that's what made me, We gotta do an ad. Yeah, we had to do an ad. Yeah, we gotta do an ad. Do you guys want to get mad about an anonymous poll? Yes. Yes. Okay, let's do it. I, I still think PFT was fair.


It's not that big a deal. Oh no. Oh, thanks man. We'll get to that. With Mount Rushmore, big of you. ESPN pulled over a hundred NFL players to rank quarterbacks according to a variety of criteria. Let's get angry. You guys ready? Yep. So the goat standings, according to over a hundred players as it stands right now, Tom Brady 85. Mahomes seven. Okay, Good. Hank feels like he's still holding a lot of ground there. 85 to seven. That Means that 8% of NFL players don't have either one of those two as their old time. Yeah. I don't know. I feel like some people just missed these, some of these questions 'cause there's, oh, I guess there was several other players receiving votes. They didn't list them. Okay. I would like to know.


Yeah, I wanna know too. I would like to know maybe Peyton Manning. Paul George. Yep. Yeah, throw that out there. Okay. Rank the top three current quarterbacks. Does anyone want to guess what the top three were? Patrick Mahomes? Yes. Lamar Jackson. Yes. And for the third, I'm gonna say Aaron Rogers. No, it was Patrick Mahomes with 291 votes. How does this vote? Oh, points. They get three points. Top three in their point totals. Patrick Mahomes blew out. Lamar Jackson over double the points. Who blew out number three? Joe Burrow. Oh, okay. The players know. The players do not forget about Joe Burrow. And then other receiving votes were Josh Allen and then Aaron Rogers Being in the others receiving votes category for Aaron Rogers is not.


That's a tough look. Yeah, It is kind of funny. That whole VP thing, he could have been the VP and still made it to week one. I also think that he would've gotten more votes as VP than his percentage of who the best quarterback I Fell is. I agree. I'd Agree. Bad decision. Aaron Rogers, who he doesn't. Aaron Rogers does not have secret service protection right now though. Yeah. Who will be the best rookie qb, best career. And this was a poll that was done before JJ McCarthy got hurt. Not that it matters, but we'll just throw it out there. Jaden Daniels. Jaden Daniels finished second. He's so good. K Williams May is first. So good. I that. See this is PFD. This is one of those situations where we, we do have same conference.


Both have new quarterbacks, but I feel like we're in a good spot together where it's like, I'm rooting for your guy. You're rooting for mine Will Kale Williams and j That's not gonna last. Shut Up. Hank. Shut the fuck up, Hank. That's not gonna last. Shut the fuck up. Hank. And lemme get to the point here. Kale Williams and, and j Daniels both were very close and votes 34 to 30. Wow. That's really close. JJ McCarthy was third. He wins other Top vote getters. Michael Pennix Jr. And Bo Nix. No. Spencer Rattler. No. Drake May. Interesting. Not even the other top vote getters. He's Not others receiving votes. Bulletin board. Tough summer for Drakes. Okay. That's tough. Most overrated quarterback Drake May.


No. Okay. Most overrated. Trevor. Mm. Josh Allen actually won. It was number one, but there was someone more important. Number two, only actually two people tied for second a vote behind Deshaun. No, Tua. Ooh. Tua is on the list. And Jalen hurts. Ooh, I was gonna say Dak. But he's properly rated at 17. Number 17. Yeah. 17. Jalen hurts. I love overrated. Every single second of all of the Jalen Hurts Lander this off season. Is there a chance He's he wasn't. He was hurt last year.


He wasn't himself. You said it yourself. Brandon Walker had this question to our coworker, Connor Griffin, who's also a Philly fan. He said that at some point this season, you are going to utter the words Jalen Hurtz is a bum. No. Do you think you will utter those words at any point? No. I think you uttered them last year. No, I didn't. At, at any point. Not even in, in the heat of passion. Well, I, we've said it ourselves that in the, the heat of pa Yeah. I'm a passionate guy. You Are, you're you're run hot. Right. So that's Saying, I could say that after one pick, Saying that you Will utter your I Don, I actually mean that. I could say that you could be having the best game ever. Question for you, max. Is there even a small, small, small, small, small, small part of you, you said no.


That thinks hurts is good. You were gonna say He's not guy. Oh no. Oh no. You said no to that. Please make that a quote. Big, Cat ass. Is there a small, small, small, small, small part of you that thinks hurts is God? People just have the quickest memory of all time. Yeah. Thank you. Forget. Wait, did I say that Wrong? Did I say that wrong? I appreciate that, max. Yeah. Quick. His memory. What'd I say? What I, what what I mean to say You his memory, you meant the shortest memory. Short. That's the same thing. Shortest. No, people have a short, I mean the, I mean he Max is Moving maximum cuts from Slack. You're moving right now. You How long is this move Moving? Sucks. Yeah. I'm never Long is it? I mean, I, I had to move my girlfriend from New York to Chicago and then she moved and then she moved into my place and we moved into a bigger place.


I gotta unpack like 50,000 boxes. The toilet is fucked up. Toilet Toilet's fine. Toilet was fucked up in my last place. I have my, my entire apartment is just filled with boxes. Got it. Sounds like you're not ready for football season. I got shit couch. I just bought a new couch, which I'm very excited about. Okay, But can I give you a tip? And jailing hurts. I, I gotta listen to these knuckleheads over here. Talk about jailing Hertz. These knuckleheads and Maxie. I like That's a good use of knuckleheads there. It's a, it's A simple matter of fact though, that they don't have their center anymore. And Jalen Hertz's best play was the quarterback sneak right behind his ass. He's gotta learn an entirely new ass. He's gonna be fine. Like, people forget we went and got fucking Saquon Barkley.


What didn't you say though? Just the fact that we're having this conversation means there's a little part of you. You Started this conversation. I Didn't, the anonymous poll Did, we're we are podcasting here anonymous. I'm answering a question. The Anonymous poll started this conversation. Those, they're idiots. They Don't know anything. They they play in the league. Yeah. Stupid. I'd like to know what the, his, his receivers would say. Well, AJ Brown came to Philly because of him. And it. Is he gonna stay in Philly? 'cause of him? He just signed a long-term deal. Okay. So maybe he'll get jail and Hertz out. No. Okay. Max, can I give you a tip? No Free ads, but just hire Serve Pro to come and get all the boxes. That's, I don't even know it. It's, it's the best move.


They just get Rid of the boxes. Yeah. They come and just take 'em all and get rid of 'em. They move them out of your Apartment. Yeah. It's not that expensive. You just call, call schedule it. 'cause that is the, one of the worst parts about moving is when you get everything out of the boxes, then you're like, I have a house full of boxes. I, I, there's like a little entryway to my apartment. It, it literally is. There's, it's just all Boxes. Get spi. Spider will call him up for you. Spider's the man with that. Okay. There's your tip. So then you can not be grumpy and you can maybe be honest. I'm grumpy. You can be honest about Jalen Hertz. You'll see everyone will see. Everyone will see Others receiving votes for most overrated. Justin Herbert, Trevor Lawrence, Deshaun, Watson, Kyler Murray and Brock Purdy.


I don't know that Kyler Murray's that overrated. I don't think he's highly rated at all. He was last year, like going into last year maybe a little bit. Yeah. Most underrated quarterback Brock Purdy Number one tied with this is a good one. I agree with Matt Stafford Richardson. Correct. Matt Stafford. Kirk Cousins tied in third, which Jared Goff, Jordan Love and shocker. Bryce Young Most under, well, I guess it might, he might be most underrated because everybody thinks that he's the worst quarterback. He's, he's rated so poorly, So low that it's impossible for him to be overrated.


Yeah. What about the best, biggest trash talking quarterbacks? Fun one. This is the last one. Ooh, this is fun. Very. Patrick Mahomes. No. Kirk Cousins. Not even close. Josh Allen's number one. Okay. Love that Baker. Yes. Yeah. and number two, baker Likes to run the jaws. And then Aaron Rogers number three. Fun anonymous poll. It's just like another thing, they just keep throwing us little appetizers back and forth. Right. Before we're, we're just waiting so desperately for football to come out. They're just like, oh yeah. Here, discuss this for a second. We'll Give you a little tidbit to run about. Yeah. The, I can see Aaron Rogers being very sarcastic with his trash talk. Yeah. Like something I, he, he definitely spit something at you from the comment section.


I also feel like he's one of those guys who does the first down in your face after a penalty when the DB is arguing. Yeah. And he'll just walk by and be like, move the ball. We're going that way buddy. He'll pick the ball outta your hands and be like, we're over here. Yeah. Move the chains buddy. Yeah. Nice flag. Yeah. What else we got? I don't know. El Anything else that's going on besides, We can read some, some headlines. The NFL is considering approving private equity investment in teams. So Saudis, no, that's not Saudis. So they're still against foreign governments being able to invest. Okay. That's next up. And so this whole thing is just that they're, we're running outta people who can afford to buy NFL teams. Got it. Because they're getting so expensive. So there's like 40 people in the United States that right now in theory could purchase an NFL team.


So they're like, how do we make this work? Oh yeah, we'll just let private equity buy it. And every everyone knows everything that private equity touches turns to gold. Yes. So this is gonna be a great move by the NFL. No downside to the fans. They should do a raffle for one NFL team. 10% of the team goes to one fan. Yeah, No. Or just like one fan gets to own an entire team Next time an owner dies. Or like there's some, someone gets ousted, like this one's going up to a raffle. That would be fun. It's just, Imagine the 'cause they could do it probably if they did a lottery. How many people would, how much money do you think a lottery would raise if the, if what you got was an NFL team? It'd be billions. Probably, probably more than the value of the actual Team.


Is this not the best idea ever that you then get billions of dollars for the actual, so the sale actually happens? Whoever. So you sell the team to the lottery. To the lottery. Yeah. And then, and then one random fan will end up being an NFL owner. Or The first one that gets picked in the lottery gets stoned to death by the rest, by the on fans. That I also like that. And the second person to win gets the team. Oh Man. Imagine winning an NFL team. Or you Have the, you pick two people and they have to fight to the death Yeah. For The team. Oh, I kinda like that too. I like that As well. So then the fans of that team will instantly be like, he fought for us. What if the team that, oh, what if the team that wins the next Super Bowl, they split all the shares of that team. That brand new team. Yeah.


What if it's, what if it's, instead of fight to the death, the two fans have to start a quarterback for their team during the preseason. It's who can last the longest? I like that too. That would make preseason fun. Who can Survive the longest? Yeah. Who can, who can basically just keep going out there? That's not a bad idea either, Man. I think we just solved the NFL's viewership crisis. Yeah. We're in trouble. We've been in trouble this year. I think the N NFL's back It, it is too bad. If we had this idea for the NBA Adam Silver, we'd just have to post it under, you know, like respond to one of his tweets and he'd probably be like, this is a great idea. Okay. If the, if the NFL fan winning lottery idea was, it has to be a fan who is delinquent more than $50,000 on child support.


Yeah. Well that's part of it too, is you get arrested when you go by the lottery. You get arrested. You get Arrested for. Yeah. Yeah. But INFL Roger. Think about it. Maybe it's an expansion team. Do you think we're gonna get an expansion? I I would, I would hope not. I don't think so. 32 is a great number. It's a good number. It's always weird when you have like a, like the offset leagues where they're not the same amount. Yeah. I don't know. What's the next team? Everyone keeps talking about San Antonio Now that Las Vegas is Las Vegas. That was the one boogeyman that every owner could point to and be like, Las Vegas Is Las Vegas. We'll just move to Las Vegas. Well, it was LA too. So San Antonio, you Got double la. Yeah. Now San Antonio is probably the next one out there. I feel like St. Louis, I feel like there also would just throw out a third team in New York.


Or, or they're always, or Chicago. There's been, there's, there's been talks every now and then about that. That, that would imagine if the second team in Chicago is just awesome. Yeah, they're really good. Give Pittsburgh. That's exactly what would Happen. I've always said give Pittsburgh a second team. Yeah. It's football town. Yeah, absolutely. Youngstown. Yeah. Give Put one in Alaska. I don't hate it. Yeah. Why? It would be fun. Yeah. Hawaii would max. That's what they're gonna do. They're gonna give one to London, to Mexico. Yeah, that's true. That's exactly what they're gonna do. Brazil. So private equity. It's so private equity. They're gonna be allowed to invest in the NFL. So what does that Mean? It means it's gonna suck. It's good. The, the league is gonna get 10% worse. Why? Because private equity, they, they're gonna come in and they're just gonna try to figure out how.


Oh, streamline It. Only streamline everything. Got it. They're gonna fire all the mascots. You're Done. That makes sense. Okay. Anything else going on in the sports world before we do our Hot, Seat Terone and Mount Rushmore, by the way, we have a big college football preview coming on Friday with Brandon Walker. So it'll be fun. And we're gonna have more football previews. NFL preview coming next week. We're gonna do Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday shows Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday shows. That's what we do. We work extra hard that week. Oh, Arius Tony has been cut. Oh no. Yeah. So the Chiefs just became Super Bowl Champs. Yeah. Well this is also very bad news for anybody that's playing against the Chiefs because Caius Tony was one of your better players.


If, you were playing against the Chiefs last year. Yeah. Just by him no longer being on the Chiefs. What was his war? It was probably like minus two last year. Yeah, no, it was, I mean that, that that opening game, the Lions game. That was a, he lost at least two full games. He Lost two full games. Yeah. Two full Games as wide receiver, which is very hard to do. Do we think that we don't give enough, not credit because it's not credit yet, but the storyline that the chiefs could make history this year. Have we not talked about it enough? What do you mean? No team's ever won three in a row. I mean, I think the Chiefs are, I we'd be glazing pretty hard. I understand, but I'm just saying no team has ever won three in a row.


If they win three in a row, that's gonna be, I mean that's, it's, it feels like one of those records that probably will never be touched just because it is so hard to win one Super Bowl. Let alone two. Let alone three. I Honestly forgot that the Steelers never did it. Nope. I thought that they had Cowboys didn't do it. Steelers didn't do it. Patriots didn't do it. There was always that one little year in, you know, the, the Cowboys in the, and the Patriots, and I believe the Steelers as well went three out of four. But three in a row is really fucking hard to do. Are we, are we not talking about it? We should talk about it more. We Should probably talk about it a little bit more. I like the Chiefs over this year. Yeah. 11. Who is the closest, I mean the Cowboys in 94, did they lose in the NFC championship game to the 49 ERs?


I believe That sounds right. That Would, that would probably be the closest. But I, I'm sure there was a, I mean the Pats lost to the Eagles, but if they had won that No, that wasn't, that wasn't for three and Oh, I guess I was That would, that would've been two. Yeah. Yeah, you're right. No, that's, that that was a very close game. You're absolutely right. Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh did not go three outta four. Oh, I'm actually wrong. They went four outta six. Okay. So they had two years in between. Miami also had two in a row and a chance for the third. I don't know where they finished back way, way back in the day. But yeah, three in a row would be pretty crazy. That'd be cool. We'd have to be like, the Chiefs are bad for the NFL Threepeat.


Also, kind of the way you could also talk about it is there's 0% chance Because it's never happened before. Because It's never happened. And If, you know, anything about gambling or life, if something's never happened, it will never happen. Yeah. That's How I go. So what, what are the Super Bowl odds right now? I think they're five to one. I like five or six to one on DraftKings. I might ride. Yeah, I might ride. You Gonna get In on it? I might get in hard on that. Yeah. But that's also one of those ones that, you know, remember last year they went from odds on favorites to then time It out, like 10 To one, let 'em lose a couple games. Yeah. I, I think the Chiefs are definitely their five to one on DraftKings right now. The chiefs are definitely in that mode of like the Tom Brady Patriots where it just doesn't matter until like Kelsey could suck and then he's like, all right, I'm gonna, I'm gonna play now 'cause of the playoffs.


I'll tell you what I'm thinking about betting on is Lamar Jackson to win MVP. 'cause I think he's like 16 to one right now. Oh, back To back Mvp. Yeah. It seems like just purely from odds standpoint, it seems like a good bet. How weird. I watched the Steve McNair doc last night. Have you guys seen it? I've not seen that. It wasn't great. It was kind of weirdly done because there's, I didn't realize this, but there's a lot of conspiracy theories or just murkiness around his death. Yeah. They didn't touch on it until the last five minutes. It was Just about his life. It was about his life. but it was also, Jeff Fisher was great. It just jumped around a lot. And. it just felt like at the end they told us, oh hey, we actually don't know if this is actually how it went down.


Okay. Documentary over. So it's not, but I was thinking about it. It's so crazy. They gave out two MVPs that year. It is wild. Right In oh three split Peyton and, and Steve McNair won both won MVP. I feel like that'll never happen again. So Weird. It's, That's not MVP. Steve McNair was awesome though. He was, he was such a fucking tank. So yeah, I mean it sounds like maybe they made that documentary and they had something they wanted to put at the end and then for legal reasons they cut it and like, I guess we can't get into this. I Don't know. It was the rare documentary where it was only one episode, 58 minutes. And I was like, this could have been a two episode er. Yeah. Like they, because usually with documentaries now they just stretch 'em for way too long. This one was the reverse.


It was like do an entire first episode about Steve McNair and like coming up and his story finishing third in the Heisman voting at Alcorn State was insane. Yeah. Do that whole thing then do the football, then do the death three episodes. I'm good with it. Yeah. He was a monster. I'm looking at the MVPs right now. Lamar is 18 to one to win MVP. So I think I'm hitting that right now. Mm. Right now. 18 to One. Same odds as Dak. Maybe they know. I'll tap that with you. They might, they might know something about his ass maybe. Maybe they know what's been plaguing his ass. You know who I like for MVP? I like Jalen Hartz 14 to one. That's Pretty good. I do 14 to one. Yeah, I like that a lot for Eagles. MVP 14 to one for MVP of the Philadelphia Eagles.


I also don't hate, you know what, another one I'll throw out there. I don't hate Matt staff for 30 to one 'cause it feels like he's due for the, everyone you know, just picture yourself. Actually. Well maybe not the first week 'cause they're playing the Lions and that's too early. But picture early October. PFT. Let me look at the schedule. I'm gonna give you, I'm gonna give you the Matt Stafford visualization right now of how this can happen. It is. We're gonna go to, hold on, I'm gonna pull it up. We're gonna go to, let's say early to mid October. You turn on your tv.


It is Rams verse Vikings. So Vikings are not great Rams. You know what, actually let's go, let's go in November. It is Rams Dolphins, two explosive offenses. Monday Night Football. Joe Buck comes in with his big ass head and his terrible hair plugs. Where's the game? The game is in la. Okay. I love LA Randy Newman. We love it. So that's the intro. And they're like Matt Stafford, who's having a sensational year takes the field with the Rams. And did you know he's never even received a vote for the MVP? I don't know if that's actually a fact.


I'm just saying it Troy, I can't imagine that trend would continue after this season. You're right. Partner And the Upstart Rams who last year put it together to get into the playoffs are an insane seven and one to start the season. And Matt Stafford is playing MVP football and this guy is a gamer. I Like it. I 30 to one that when you watch that game, it's gonna be five to one. My, my only disagreement is in that matchup, it's definitely gonna be a lot of talk about Sean McVay and Mike McDaniel being from the same coaching tree. True. That's how they're gonna start it out. True. But then right after that they'll say, can you believe this guy's never got an Mvp? He's never gotten, lemme see if that's actually correct, but I think this might be a narrative year with Matthew Stafford where it's like, you know, one of those, Hey, do we appreciate him enough?


I do think the Rams are gonna have a really good offense this year. Do we appreciate him enough? That kind of stuff. He won Comeback Player of the Year. Is that CPOY? No. Yep. Yep. Is That? Yep. Why did he win Comeback Player of the Year? I think he came back from being on the lines. Oh, that's weird. He played the whole year. He played the whole year before. Sometimes If you just stink for a year and then you come back and you play good. They're like, okay. Yeah. Like Joe Flacco. Yeah. I Guess. so Joe Flacco came back from being on the Jets? He was, yeah. I guess yeah. They were four and 12 and then went 10 and six and he won Comeback Player of the Year. Yeah. He did receive at least one vote for MVP, but it was only, it was four votes in his rookie year or no.


Yeah, no, sorry. Not his rookie year. This was last year. He received four votes. So, we'll just, I think it's pretend that the four votes didn't happen. Okay. What if, what if at that game, he's Never finished higher than eighth in MVP voting. You, you know how you believe that, you Know how they always like zoom in on the player's parents or like a, a close friend of theirs or their wife that's in the stands. The camera does a slow zoom in on Jake felt. Yeah. You know, this guy played high school football with Matt Stafford. Yeah. This guy was actually better than Matthew Stafford. Who's the MVP of this season? Five touchdowns. Visualizations are fun. It Is, it is fun. It's very fun. Right now we're just, what that was was an exercise in teleporting into the future. Also Visualization for that game over under was 52.


I hammered the over final score. 20 to 13. I just took that, I took Staff Stafford. The visualization work. Yeah. Yeah. The visualization. Like it's Narratives. It's narratives. Yeah. I don't know. It it, it didn't, it seemed too good for 30 to one. Right. If especially they win primetime game on Sunday night to start. They're playing at the Lions. He's got some big games. Think about this with Lamar. Lamar at 18 to one, you know that you're at least gonna be in the conversation in November. That's a Fact. Also, Stafford has a bunch of Prime time games. They play the Dolphins on November 11th, and then they play the 49 ERs.


It says seven 15. So I assume that's an ESPN game. Maybe a Thursday night game. It is Thursday night game against the 49 ERs. And yeah, he's got, he's got some and the Eagles, they play the Eagles Sunday Night Football, November 24th. Narratives, Narratives. Narratives. We also have the NFL deciding not to use the electric measuring system instead of the chain gang. Thank God. Which is good. 'cause we, like we did Chain Gang, we're, yeah, listen, we're very dumb. But sometimes the way that we watch football is very smart in that we can tell you, oh, I like this. This is fun. Versus No, that's too much technology. Yeah. And the Chain gang is a part of football. I like having old guys who are 75 years old, they're wearing that white hat that doesn't fit 'em correctly.


The, the giant black vest with, with the X marker on it. I like that guy waddling out onto the field and holding up a chain next to a football. Stretching It out. Yeah. Yeah. To determine. And, and also again, it goes back to if you're rooting for either team in that situation, that's another win that you get during that game. Yeah. When the chain's on your side, that's a, that's a bonus play that you get to cheer for. That's huge. We did it. We were the ones who said that we were gonna fight for it. And boy did we fight. We fought, fought hard. We talked about it on a podcast one time. Yeah. And forgot about it until this very moment. Okay, let's do Hot Seat Cool Throne. Then we have Mount Rushmore of everything in an awesome interview with Jerry O'Connell.


Hot Seat Cool Throne is presented by Coors Light fans of even the biggest rivals agree on one thing. The mountain cold refreshment of Coors Light. When rivalries start to heat up this season, choose chill and reach for a Coors Light to keep things cool. Rivalry getting a little overheated. Choose chill with Coors Light when you're looking to keep it chill. There's only one beer to choose. Coors Light the mountains on the bottles and cans even turn blue when your beer is cold. So you know when your mountain cold refreshment is ready for you to choose Chill. When things heat up, choose chill, and then open up a Coors Light. Even the biggest rivalries Agree when it's time to cool things down and enjoy the game you choose. Chill. And then reach for Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart or goPuff by going to coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly.


Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado Coors Light is the most delicious beer. The coldest beer out there. Thank you to Coors Light. Hank What is Boeing? Boeing. Boeing. Boeing. Why Boeing Nutter. Boeing explodes what? During maintenance at an Atlanta airport killing two Delta employees. A Nutter, a Nutter. Boeing Nutter Boeing exploded. What The fuck is going on? Did that Boeing, did that plane have information relating to the arrest of Hillary Clinton? I don't know, but I feel like they should be on a hotter sheet. I think it's like Agreed. I Wish I knew if I was flying on a Boeing or not. I think you can tell. Yeah. You How absolutely Can look at your ass. Look it up.


Alright, Well, and tell you right away. But what, what are you gonna do? You're gonna change to a different, like everything's a Boeing. Yeah. They should be on a hotter seat. So I'm putting him on the Hot Seat. I'd Agree with that, allegedly. But don't kill me. Yeah. Hank is ha ha. Very happy. Not suicidal. Oh, it Looks like the tire exploded. Shit. Well, that's two people dying. That's terrible. So Hank is just pointing something out. But again, he's not suicidal. Not suicidal. I love my life. Do you, Everyone listens to this podcast. Says that. Yeah. Like Hank's a happy go lucky guy. Yeah. I, I I, yeah, I am In my mind, in my own personal mind.


You're not trying to take that ultimate vacation, Hank No, not yet. Although summer is over, but we got next summer coming up. So always next summer. You're already looking ahead. I'll, I'll Be honest, I'm looking at, I'm looking at Christmas. I'll Throw one thing out there. I am already looking ahead to chill week, next week, year. That was like one of the best things we've done. Camp week Was great too. Two camp week, Two editions of of of good vibes. Weeks. Yeah. All the haters out there that say that all Hank does is complain, complain, complain, complain. Hank's. Hank, you're demure. You know that. Oh, are you demure? I think Hank is the most I saw that, saw that Hank's the TikTok trend.


He's the most demure person. This podcast to, To find demure. What's the other words? Shes language. Mure. Language of origin. TikTok. TikTok. What's it mean? It means demure. Demure. I learned about Taiwan yesterday. Demure today. What is it? What's the definition? If, you have to ask. You might not be. I'm gonna just guess off the top of my head. Can you? Is not preserved. Modest and shy, typically used of a woman. It means unbothered. You are demure. You're a chick. You choose classy over trashy. That's facts. Yeah. And isn't that lady's name LeBron? Isn't she the one that's making it famous? I believe so. Yeah. Hank and LeBron have a lot in common. Gary demure. What is it?


What's the original video? I honestly hate that word. Why? Whoa. I never understood what it meant. And every time people use it, I just hate it. You Never were like, Hey, I, I can just look this up real quick. No, but it's like, it, like you get angry. No, no, no, no, no, no. Gets Angry at Words. Don't use words. I Don't know. No, no, no, no. That's not it. It's just the like, the trendy, like when people just hop on, it's, I mean it's, I guess I am maybe just a hater, but it's, I Didn't How, what other words do You hate when people, that's No, but it be like, I hate it's, it's like the, it's like the cuss. No, but it just becomes, all of a sudden this word goes viral on TikTok and then every single team, every single person. Yeah. Single. That's how internet Trends work. I know. And I, but I judge the people that just, I'm on Hank's side, Follow them.


So annoying and just like, wait, wait. Use it without, sometimes when it's funny, it's funny. Time out If, you're just like, all right, everyone's using Deir. I'm gonna use I agree. I agree with what you're saying in that when everyone latches onto a word And, it just becomes like, you, you, you have a word that you've never, you'd never see. And then you see it every single second for like a week straight. That's annoying. But do you specifically not like the word demure? No. Just, just the usage of it. Yeah. I God, just the people that are using it. I thought You were triggered by just The word No, no, no. You know that something's up when you've, when you've never heard a word and then all of a sudden you hear it three times in the same day. Right? Yeah. And like, Is the world conspiring against me with this word? And, and obviously this has happened, you know, over the last five years, but every brand and team account has gotten super cute.


And it's like they just are the first ones to hop on Chuy and kill it instantly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Very cutesy, very mindful, very demure. Oh, That's the, that's the TikTok. That's what, that's What they, and you actually kind of Wait, I crushed it. Do the what kind of look? Do the, do the amyglada. What's a drink of choice? What is that? No, that's fto. There's So many things that Happen. I mean, that was, that one is old. I just said it that Hank recently. Wait, what's the last one? Ooh, study. See, like, there's, so that one's Funny though. There's so many things that happen in our day-to-Day Lives Pro Prosecco that are objectively not Funny. Correct. But because you've all seen the same video. It's funny.


Yeah. And it's also the, what what it's become is that it's just funny if it's funny for like one single second. Yeah. Then everyone's like, well this will be funny for the next thousand seconds. That's basically what you're talking, who do You think is we should do anonymous poll. Anonymous PardonMyTake of my take poll. Who is the most demure quarterback in the NFL? Mm. Reserve? Modest and shy typically used of a woman. Deshaun Watson. Mm. Reserved, modest, and shy. Justin Herbert. Yeah. I think he's the most demure Dak. Jalen hurts. No. Jalen Hurts is demure as fuck. Shut. Fuck. Shut the Fuck up. No, he is not. He's not. Yes he is. No, he is not. He's not, he's not demure at all.


He's got a fucking ass that he flaunts everywhere. Brock. Purdy Brock. He's literally just existing with that ass. Well, what that ass do. Alright, Boeing. I cool those p punk. Okay. Thank you. Back, Back on tour this weekend. Oasis, I think we might Have to break O Yes. You have to me And Ronan will just scream at each other in liver. Cuddly and accents. Yes. Throw bottles and shit. Manchester. Oh, they're not from Liverpool. I'm pretty sure you'll, I'm pretty sure you're gonna get fought over what you just said. Okay. What, what part of London? I Think you're about to get What part of The fuck up? What part of London is Manchester? Because I know that Liverpool is West London.


I Think it's South London. Okay. South London. Manchester. Manchester. Okay. My mistake. I just Know, I don't know my London. Yeah, they're from, they're from Manchester. PFT. Oh my God. Okay. Didn't know my London neighbors. They're gonna get Apologize because Liverpool is like, That's where the bales are from. Well, that's, That's also I, Liverpool is one of the places in, in the UK that I feel like it's like someone from Texas. Yeah. They're like, fuck you. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not from England. I'm from Liverpool. Yeah. If someone was from Texas and you're like, oh yeah, they're just, you know, a Yankee. Yeah. Patty the batty New York. Yeah. Right. Yeah. That, that type of vibe. My mistake. So yeah. Manchester accents. But yeah, it'll be fun. DC Friday, Philly, Saturday night tickets on sale. Pup punk rocks. RAW x.com.


Love it. And maybe some, maybe some guest appearances after parties after party at Barsol. Sansom in Philly. Awesome bar. Yeah. Should be good. Love that. Max will be in Philly, but he will not be at the show. He's moving. He's moving. He's Moving. He's moving. I have a wedding. I have a Wedding. I know. But in case people connect any dots and see Max in Philly, he will not be at the show because he doesn't care about you. That's not true. That's not true. Hank, are you going? No. Maybe I'll go ask for the after parties. I was just curious if there would Be one. Would you like to go Hank? Where is It? Philly. Where? Where's this after San Go Nuts for Hank. Oh, everyone loves it in Phil. Oh my God. They you in Philly, DC and Philly. I do love the, the Barill bar in Sanso Street.


Yeah. It's A great bar. Okay. P ft. Your Hot Seat Colter. My Hot Seat is John Cena. Oh, he's on the Hot Seat big time Retirement tour. John CI don't know, If, you saw the recent bombshell report that came out in Rolling Stone today. Oh. But apparently John Cena follows multiple white supremacist Twitter accounts. Oh No. Now the person that wrote this, I don't know if they saw that. John Cena follows everybody. Yeah. He follows on Twitter. 700,000 people. I also think You could have found something even more weird or damaging than white supremacist Twitter accounts. Okay. Because there's a bunch of those. I think Follow me If. you had If you I don't even follow 'em. Oh really? That's a power move also. Shit. 857. 857,000 people.


Is this person gonna next tell us that, that Joey Batista follows some white supremacists. T Diggs probably known white supremacist. Yeah. Now just saying that out loud made me realize John C's account should be locked, shouldn't it? Why? Because you can't see him. Oh yeah. True. You can't see any of his activity. Yeah. I can't believe that they, someone actually wrote this story and didn't point out the fact that they just follow every single person They might have. I didn't read the entire story. I, I just saw the first part of it. They listed the, the accounts that he followed. But yeah, he follows 800 follows Like half of Twitter. Didn't we ask him about that? And he said he, it's a blessing to be able to see so many different people's perspectives. I I mean, I just assume whenever someone does that, they just don't run their own account. Like I don't think he's ever probably logged into his account.


Yeah, that's probably true. Someone else is running it following everyone. But yeah, somebody else dig through John Cena's Twitter followers and just see, see how bad you can make it for him. Having said, All right. So X hate speech is so common that celebs like John Cena fall White Nationalists. Hmm. This is, I mean, they have to mention it, right? Oh, I I'm not paying for this article. Nevermind. Oh wait, they have to mention it. I'm sure they do. Okay. Either way. John Cena, Hot Seat. Oh yeah, they do mention it. Cena follows tons of users on the site. More than 850,000 at this point. What is his, his his timeline has looks insane. Somebody should do one of those accounts that updates you on who he's following and who he's unfollowing.


Yeah. Because I wanna know like who he adds. I actually just wanna know how bad you have to be at Twitter for John Cena to unfollow you. Yeah. You know, I don't think he's ever unfollowed What, what would stand out enough where John C is like, no, not my co. I'll take the 860,000 other people I follow. What Was the chick's name that Kyle Cosman followed? Shit, I unfollowed her. Fuck it was today's No, it was not Today's, It was something even better. I still follow a J t's For research. It was Did she Have a kid? Shit, aj? Yeah, she did. Wow. Congrats To her. Kyle Kuzma follows. Oh man, it was so funny. It was one of those ones that usually like, you just can't follow just based on the username.


Like some of the usernames you can get away with. 'cause you just, you know, can get a little Oh, what do they do? Who knows? Alright, we'll figure it out. Keep going. Your cool throne. My cool throne is, hang on, I just got an alert. Oh, here It is. Yep. Ms. Thick overload. Ms. Thick Overload. Overload. Ms. Thick overload. A thick overload. ENT. So she's ear, nose and throat. I think we knew the last part of that. Oh, I love it. I love it. My cool throne is going to be Angel Hernandez. Oh, what Happened? Because he's not statistically the worst major league baseball umpire ever. Who would that be? That Honor goes to Scott Berry. He was behind home plate in the last innings of the Cubs Pirates game yesterday.


Cub, Cub Cubs might be back. Cubs were beating Runs, what, 14 to five? 18, 18 to five, 18 to six. They were Up. We kind of used up all our runs. So a, a position player from the Pirates got into pitch as you do sometimes blow. It's like these. And there was a pitch that was 15 inches outta the strike zone that was called a strike because he kinda lobbed it in. And I Also, I'm not gonna blame him. You just wanna get outta there. You wanna get the fuck outta there. Yeah. At that point. but it would also suck. If, you were up to bat and you know that your contract is parsed based on like every single statistical measurement that you can make. Correct. And so every strike or strikeout or If, you get into a bad count unnecessarily. That probably pisses you off too. But I do stand with Scott Berry in this instance just because just call everything a strike.


Right. It should be like, okay, no matter what you can, if you're a batter, you should have the ability to take an intentional strikeout. Right. Right. Just like you have the ability to intentionally walk someone. Yes. Agreed. By the way, Nathan Peterman just got cut. Oh, none of these really make sense though because they all end up getting back on the team. You know what I mean? Like Nathan Peterman is gonna be just a, he's gonna be practice squad. Is he not? Is he eligible? I don't know. He's Been in the league for Oh, you can't be A long time. I don't know what the rules behind that are. I think If you have like five or six years. Okay. My hot seats, I have two. One is Dolphins The animal? Yes. There's a report out of Tokyo that they found and trapped a sexually frustrated dolphin that had allegedly raped over 200 people.


No, 45 people sexually. 200 miles Sexually frustrated is one way to put it. Yeah. I think he would be sexually satisfied at that point. This dolphin went on a multi-year ramp Rampage, sexually assaulting beach goers about 200 miles west of Tokyo. Dolphin would, will reportedly bite people and rub its genitals on them if they get close Teabagging. He's just been teabagging. Yeah. Is that, is that really? I don't know. It seems like just boys being boys. It Does. Peyton Manning won co MVP Correct. After doing something like this in college. Correct? Yes. That is true. People don't talk about that. My other Hot Seat is Wil Compton memorabilia.


So I'm in the business now. We're gonna create a museum for Will Compton, our good friend in the handicap stall of the back bathroom in the bar still Chicago office. I've already procured one of his old jerseys. But If, you have any Will Compton memorabilia? I am buying. I want his teeth. I would love his teeth. I want to get, I want, I will pay top dollar for Will Compton's old teeth. Anything will Compton related. We wanna put up in the museum, which again will be in the handicap stall of the back bathroom of the Chicago office. When you get those veneers put in, they take out all your teeth. Right? I don't know. I think they shave them down Or they shaved. I don't Understand how it works. But they, they do shave them. Think it's your real teeth. 'cause I, I've also wondered that.


I think they shave him down and then they put the veneers in front. If somebody can do a, like, you know, you go to the dentist and you do the plaster and they give you the, the mouth like, Yes, Wil Compton dentist please hit us Up. Will Compton dentist please hit us up? Because we'd like to buy a plaster mold of his old teeth. I want to just free cap. I wanna have one of the greatest museums we've ever put up. I think it would be the greatest. We'll sell tickets. The Only Yeah. The only museum That we've ever put up. Yes, that's true. Give tours. Yeah. Yeah. Gift shop. Yeah. I like it. Tours while someone's shitting have an audio That's extra. One of those audio pieces that you can put in. We can just release a podcast. Actually, if all three Black Friday we'll do a, we'll do a, a personalized tour while will shitting. I Like that.


Yeah. And we, we can record it. And then that way anybody that ever goes into that bathroom in the future, they can just play that episode of the podcast. And it's like you're getting the tour with Will Compton Museum. Yeah. If all three stalls are available in that bathroom, are you Go to Will Compton Museum Every time? No. But before, before the museum existed, are you going for the handicap? Yeah, usually. Yeah. Yeah. In in this office. Yes. I've just wondered that. I usually do too. But I think The correct Move I've wondered 'cause I, I've thought I've realized that most people probably do that the Correct move if you're going for least trafficked. Trafficked is definitely the middle. I think the middle always gets the least amount of traffic. Yeah. I don't, I don't care about the traffic as much.


I just care about the the luxury space. Yeah. You feel like you're the house and now you're gonna get to be in a museum. Yeah. Who gets a shit in a museum? Us. That's us. My cool throne is us podcasters. 'cause Jason Kelsey and Travis Kelsey signed a hundred million dollar deal. Love that. Good for them. How does that, how does that put us on the cool throne? That means the Value. The market has changed. Pitch Value goes up. It means, I think that means we just get another board ape in our paycheck next Week. Yeah. We can drive a hard line in the negotiation process. We should allow private equity to be able to invest in part of my take. Saudis, I Would like to see the guaranteed money on that. I would as well. I'd also like to see if there's any notes on who has to be dated.


There's a, there's an escape clause They break up. You have to start dating Rihanna. Come on dude. How's the J-Lo thing going? Sounds she has. Did she get back to you? No, I don't think so. Dude. I wanna get the a hundred million. All right. Listen, we have a lot of famous women that listen to our podcast. Please reach out to us, Hank and we'll do a dating show for Hank. Yes. But it's strictly based on who the most famous person. A million followers or more. Yeah. Actually that would be a great series. Yes, it would. Hank I'm down for that. Okay. Would you, would you be intimidated dating somebody that was way more famous and rich than you? No, I have no Fuck. No. That'd be great. Yeah, they're richer.


Yeah. Amy Schumer. Why not? Why not? Yeah. She's famous. Yeah. There we go. I'm Just gonna throw this out here. Hank. Not political. Not Political. A OC. Yes. A OC. We know that you love AOCs. Yep. Kamala, would you date any singer? Any famous singer? Probably Chap Rone. Sure. Liz Talented. Sure. Nice. I don't think Chapel will be into you. Adele. Who's getting married to before? I love Adele. You're not Adele. I love Adele. That's, that's shit. Hayes's territory. Gwen Stefani. Yes. Bangers. Gwen. I feel she has like kids. She probably kids there like my age.


Sexy red. She might be too much of a thought for me. Billy Strings. But I mean, Hank, think about it. Billy Strings, he's Buried. But what if he said, you know what? This isn't working out for me. Hank, you're the one for me. Probably not. Okay. I'd, I'd go on a mandate With him. Okay. Okay. Who's your new guy? Didn't you find a new new musician? Oasis. Oasis, yeah. This crazy new band. You guys, You guys are like, you can have multiple musicians that you like. No. Would you, would you date both of the Gallagher Brothers at the same time? I'm a Liam guy. Are you? But He's not someone you date. That's just like a fling. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It's a very funny video that, that I saw yesterday of him talking to like a, a fourth grade class.


Oh yeah. So good. And they were like, okay, you have any questions for Liam? And one kid was like, yeah. Do you get, what does he say? Do you get treats? After? you Get treats, After. you do a good concert. And he's like sort of, Yeah. Of sorts. Sweets. Yeah. Sweets. Yeah. Okay. Huey, your Hot. Seat qui throne. Yeah. My Hot Seat. The Detroit Tigers. Okay. Particularly Javi. Baez. Oh my guy. So Javi Baez will be out for the rest of the season this year with a right hip surgery. That doesn't sound Good. No. And this completes his third year out of a six year contract with the Tigers. In three years with the Tigers.


He's he's ranked as the second worst hitter in baseball among 285 players who stepped up to the plate at least 250 times. Yep. And in three years, he has a total of 36 home runs, and he has three years left on that contract. Right around 75 million. Still has to be paid to him. And it's just a bad contract all around Ano another reminder of how bad it's been. And we're not out of the storm yet. Yeah. We still have to, to deal with that big money. Is that A win she had and Theo? Yeah. Oh yeah. So the, the Cubs essentially, they can sleep at night knowing that they got rid of all their other good players because they're like, at least we didn't keep this one guy. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And Pete Crow Armstrong, not exactly a hitter, but he did have an inside the park home Run did in 14 seconds.


The other night was pretty fucking fast. Yeah. Pretty cool. Yeah. But cool Throne Reese's particularly Angel Reese. Oh, okay. The new sponsor. You love WNA nice New sponsor of Reese's. They've dropped a collection, a merch jerseys the whole nine. Yeah, I'm sure some Candy's gonna be around the corner. Maybe a basketball shaped Reese's coming, potentially. Big things coming. It tastes Like sour grapes. Y Yeah, yeah. Yeah. She also, speaking of Angel Reese, we, we might be, she's also on the Cool Throne, but we might be on the hot throw. She has a podcast. Yeah, she does have a podcast. She does.


Yeah. Unapologetically Angel. Yeah. Unapologetic. Hank, what about she's dropping tea? What If you? No, I think she says she's clocking tea. Clocking tea. She's clocking tea. Because this is a problem in the podcast space. A lot of people with the blogs think that they clock the T, but If, you clock your own tea before they clock your tea. Then they don't actually have the realty because you've already clocked it yourself. Got it. Clock and t. Would you, would you date Angel Reese? Yeah, definitely. Okay. We could Make, here we go. Take the intro out. Here we go. Chai Barbie. Yeah. Huey would be so upset. I'd be supportive. I'd be supportive. That would be a power couple. That would be a power couple.


Yeah. Hank, you gotta start. Think you'll hire, kids could join. We gotta, we gotta, we gotta milk you the Tagline for her Podcast. I wanna, I wanna milk you for everything. Please. Let's milk you. Yeah. What's your tagline? What they gonna say now? Oh, nice. Okay. I like that. That's, I like, that's a Jason Tatum quote, right? Wait, what? That's a Jason Tatum quote. That's self curry. No, Jason. Jason Tatu. He invented that. You're not gonna respond. Okay. He's not taking the bait. That was smart of him. Point Hank. Okay. Good job, Huey.


Let's get to our Mount Rushmore. We have the Mount Rushmore of everything. It's brought to you by our friends at Gametime football season is here. And we can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime Picks feature, they're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime Picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats, so you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. We were looking at the opening night. We have the Ravens going to Kansas City banner night with the GT Picks feature. Gametime Picks feature. You can get in for 250 bucks, some great seats. So go check out Gametime now. Just pull up your chosen event and turn on the GT picks setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? I'm gonna buy those seats. Well, I'm not, but maybe we should. Maybe we should buy it for a Ravens fan. Maybe Stavros. So do it with the Gametime picks. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals of new Gametime picks. What time is it Gametime?


We're also brought to you by our friends at Morgan and Morgan. We all know 2024 has been wild so far. So let's talk about something important. If, you get injured by a person, place, or thing. You deserve to get paid. Life can be crazy sometimes, and one person's negligence can result in another settlement. If you're in an accident, not calling a lawyer means you could be leaving money on the table when you're seriously hurt or you're you're injured. It could be worth millions. If you've ever been injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. They have over a hundred offices nationwide and more than 1000 lawyers with over $20 billion recovered for over 500,000 clients. Morgan and Morgan has a proven track record of fighting to get you full and fair compensation. Submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is so easy. Waking Hank up is hard, but submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is easy. Getting Hank to go on a date with Rihanna is hard, but submitting an injury claim with Morgan and Morgan is easy. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win For. more information. Go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's for FOR the people.com com slash pmt or pound law pound 5 2 9 from your cell. This is a paid advertisement.


Okay, let's do our Mount Rushmore of everything. Okay. Mount Rushmore time. Our good friend Jerry O'Connell's coming up. He is in the booth though for this Mount Rushmore. So he can, he can talk at any point. Chime in if he needs to. He's, he's Not his best Friend. Huey, he's not talking right now. Jerry just talks so people know. Your, your, your fantasy preview is coming up in a second. Ity diy. Okay, so there's Jerry. We're gonna do the Mount Rushmore of everything. Mount Rushmore, everything. Now Hank Yes. You run the risk of officially losing. Yeah, I think it's over. If. you lose this Mount Rushmore. You are now down four points to PFT.


I think A PFT comes in second in either of the next two. It's over. Yes. Yeah. Are you, I I have to avoid last place like the plague. Was there any issues with how last Mount Rushmore was voted on? No issues. PFT had a good, you know, very basic looking draft. He did a good job. Was was there any issue with the phrasing of memes? Tweet? No. I mean, memes brought it up to my attention. He was like, oh, I realized I, you know, I usually do. Every single Mount Rushmore we've ever done in the history of this podcast has been prefaced with who won today's Mount Rushmore yesterday. Memes and accidents happen. He's a busy guy. He is. Got a lot of stuff going on. He just phrased it.


What got left off the list with the poll, and I don't believe this, but some people online, the, the few, the, the proud, the, the Hank fans, very Few. They brought to my attention that based off of the wording of the tweet, people might have been voting off who has got, like, who had the worst list? Oh, I don't think, I don't necessarily think that, that I Don't Either. I Don't either. Yeah, I don't either. At, at first for the record, when memes brought it up, I was like, maybe there's something to this. Maybe, maybe memes is right. But then Hank was adamant about it not affecting the result of the poll. So I'm gonna go guy. Hank what Hank says. Yeah. Good Guy. Hank. So Friday you might be, depending on how this goes, you might be picking out of a hat. Yeah. I'm assuming that's gonna happen.


Okay. This is pf t's pick. So I'm sure he is got a good draft. What you've wanted to do. Mount Rushmore of everything, right? No, we talked about this in the group chat like a couple weeks ago. Yeah. I don't think into the season we're gonna do the Mount Rushmore of everything. But yesterday we had the conversation. Well, this could be the Mount, the last Mount Rushmore of the season Could be the Mount Rushmore of everything. But what? Yeah, that's, you're saying you didn't, we didn't have a conversation yesterday or you said, what about Mt? Rushmore Everything. Well, that was one of the ones that we had said we would do the last week. Right. But you brought It up. Suggest and fact fiction. This is the last week. Suggest we had the choice. I don't think I suggested it, but, But it was on camera. Oh, we'll see, we okay. We, we'll look at the tape. Okay. Well, I, I think what's important is that, is that Hank Hank's Sportsmanship is, is so good this year.


Yeah. I, I said you should py tomorrow and you said everything. Okay. I don't know why you're, I don't know why you're in denial. And Mt Rushmore Everything. That's Kind of weird. Well, the good news is, Hank, you have the first pick. I do. And that's huge in this. It is huge. Huge. So Mount Rushmore of everything. Hank trying to stay alive. What is your first pick? I am going to go with having sex. Okay. Okay. You're Learning. I thought for sure he was gonna take boobs. I did too. I was like, Our boobs are still on the table, right? Yeah. Boob On. Yeah. Boobs are on the table. Yeah, Of course. Okay. Good Pick. Good pick. Hank having sex. I'll Take Boobs. Okay. Okay.


I'll take boobs. That's a good second pick. Good, good. Second pick Max. Great pick. So I'm up third? Huh? You're up third. You Know what, I'm just gonna say Football. Okay. Football is my, and Football is my one. One. Yeah. It's my first pick. Yeah. No, that's a great one. That's a great one. It Sounds like you guys are pandering a little bit with yours, but that's okay. Yeah. Alright, so I have two picks. You, If, you had to choose one for the rest of your life. You'd choose football. I choose football. Football? Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I, I'm not having any more kids. I take football. Easy, easy. Okay. I'll go with music.


Music need music and personal pick. Ice cream. Interesting. Music and ice cream. Music and ice cream. Music and ice cream. Alright. My second pick. I'm gonna go with beer. Okay. So I Got football and beer. Yeah. I mean, I love, I love ice cream, so I don't, I love beer. I would take ice cream over beer. I would take beer for the rest of your life. I think I would take beer over ice cream. Yeah. I'm also gonna, I did zero prep for anything. Same. I don't have, I don't have anything. Same list. I'm not feeling good about music and Ice cream. I'm gonna go with movies. Oh, movies. What's your, what's your favorite movie of all time? Max. I'm gonna either go with Kangaroo Jack, stand by me.


Yep. Jerry McGuire scream. Yeah, just any of those really. Yeah. Those are good picks. Hey Jerry. For when? For when I beat Hank in Mount Rushmore, he finishes last. Can you just give us a quick, you guys wanna see a dead body? Were you mad that we didn't pick that line, Jerry? When we did the quotes, I just thought, Wait, his mic's not on. I just thought you missed, you missed an opportunity. You missed, you missed points on the board. Yeah, you left, you left points off the board. How, how did you say that phrase? How did you say that quote? Typically I charge money on cameo for this. But I'll give it to you guys for free. You guys wanna go see a dead body?


Ooh, That's good. Chills. Wow. Wow. That's Hank. It's a little more fucked up. Coming from a skinny Jerry O'Connell. It's better when it's Husky. Hank, I Think you're up. Alright, I'm gonna go with a dog that loves you. Okay. And winning the lottery. Yeah. Winning the lottery. Winning the lottery. I don't, don't like 90% of people that win the lottery get divorced. Dead or broke within like two years. Well, They gotta do the right thing. Two years. They gotta take the don't don't take the lump sum or no, you do take, You do take, you gotta lump the lump Sum. Lump sum and, and stay anonymous. Yeah. Yeah. You take the lump sum. You're saying you take The annuity where you get paid like every year for the next 50 years.


A dollar tomorrow is not gonna be a dollar next week. Yeah. You invest it. Thanks Biden. You invest it. Okay. Winning the lottery. Winning The lottery. And a dog that loves you. Okay. Max. Fuck. I will, you Weren't gonna take dogs? No. I just didn't think I forgot that I was up. I'm gonna go with meatballs. All Right. Okay. I had it as a fourth round grade, but that's Okay. Yep. No, I had it as a fourth round grade too, but I couldn't think of a third, so I just thought I would go with it now. Okay. PT. Okay. I'm gonna take living in the good old USA. Okay. Living In the United States. Let's go America. Yep. And Oh no, you have to, you one pick. All right, I will go.


So I have, I have music and ice cream. Let me just go, I'll just go. Drugs and gambling my last two picks. Solid. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. All right. What kind of drugs? Even it out? Any kind. All drugs. Drugs And gambling. Okay. Prilosec. Sure. Okay. That Helps. Rin Rin. Yeah. Actually, yeah. Rin should be on the, yeah. I mean, you could say you could, you could do it the, the PG way. Like, Hey, would it, it would suck if we didn't have Tylenol and, and antibiotics. And we would all be dead when we were like 12 years old from black lung. Or he could do the other way and be like, Hey, weed's pretty nice. Yeah, it is. And other stuff. It is nice.


So my pick. Yeah. I'm gonna go with family. Oh, nice. Family. I feel like family's a strong one. Your family. Yeah. If. you don't have your family. Hank was lucky enough to be able to bring his dad in from Mount Rushmore earlier this week. That's the kind of thing that you gotta cherish family. It's true. All right, max. I'm gonna go with PardonMyTake of my take. Oh, nice. A bit narcissistic. Yep. Wow. Okay. I Should have gone first Podcast off the board. Yep. Hank is really thinking hard. There's a lot on there. There's one that you really love.


Vacation. There it is. Okay. Good pick. I mean, that's, you gotta pick it. I Was gonna go, wait. Is it done? No. Yeah, it's done. Dropped over? Yeah. Yeah. What were you gonna pick? Well, PFT we were talking about how PFT like used to back in the day, like, try and be funny 'cause it's a comedy podcast and pick funny picks. Yeah. But he kind of stopped doing that and just, Well, when we made a punishment and I started coming in last place. 'cause people don't like the outlier picks, then you gotta you gotta adapt to the game. Hank. But I, we Were just reminiscing on how, how old funny, how old PFT used to be. So funny. But I was gonna, I was thinking about, I was thinking about, I, I knew this was gonna be the line of act Truth in comedy. Dude. There's truth in comedy. Comedy is true. True. But I was gonna go with just warm clothes outta the dryer.


Oh. But I had, I was PF time. Now Hank vacation is, is a great thing. Now, Hank Hank real quick with that wouldn't happen to be the first thing that pops up when you Google what are the best things on earth? Would it, that wouldn't happen to be the first thing on it. The first link that you click on. You Needed help on the Mount Rushmore every day. I've, I've, I've been doing oppo research on Hank for the last, like, six Mount Rushmore drafts. And Hank always goes with the whatever that first list on ranker.com is. No, you li Yes. You live On Rushmore of everything's the easiest Mount Rushmore to do. Yeah. And I Didn't use any of them. You typed in what are the best things on earth. And I didn't use any of 'em. Fact or fiction. But you wanted to use No.


You wanted to use putting on clothes outta the dryer. Yeah. I thought about It. Things that got left off. Buffalo wings. Pizza, steak. Melted cheese. Melted cheese. Money. Coffee. Coffee. Great one. Jerry. The F 15 Eagle. Yep. Video games. Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna say video games. And then part of I, I, I saw a part of my take the logo and I was like, I should just say that. Yeah. Oh, you know what's a big Miss? Dingers. Yeah. Dingers are great. Big miss. Getting a good night's sleep. Yeah. Fuck. Sleep. Sleep is a very good one. Fast car. Boats. Cars. That's our boats. Boats are cool. Yeah. Yeah. Boats are okay.


Cheese selling your boat is good. Yeah. Oh, you said melted cheese. Being on a boat is cool. Being on a boat's fun. Being on a boat is awesome. Nobody took vaginas. No Blow jobs. I guess that's in sex. What else? Chicks. Fuck chicks got left off. Chicks. Chicks. Jeez. Getting paid, getting drunk. College. No. Come on. There's a lot of work. Yeah. But not really. March Madness. Basketball. Pretty good. Pretty good. Football. Golf. Football clears though. Football does clear. Golf. Golf. Definitely golf. Jerry, what do, what else did we miss? I like coffee.


PT being retired. PFT said vagina. That's a good one. Sugar walls. That's about it. Coffee and vagina. Coffee And vagina. You Don't need Anything else. That's it. French fries. Oh, fries are good. Yeah. Fries are really good. What else? Burgers. Burgers. Soup. Soup Would've been a tough pick, I think on this one. Oh. Getting out of a, getting out of a speeding ticket. Some sort of traffic violation. Canceling plans. Oh, that's good. Heck. What was that little smirk for? I'm, I'm, I'm gonna look up on this list of this thing. Oh Man. He's going full ai. You, You picked some of the things on the list. No, he didn't. He did? No he didn't. Family. Oh shit. Family wasn't on the list.


I just, I'll be honest, I looked at the top thing on the list and I saw I was putting on warm clothes outta the dryer. Family might be on the list, but family, I feel like that's fairly generic. That is pretty generic. Interesting. No, I don't, I don't need a computer to do my list. So call on yourself. Do We remember what's in the hat? If we have to on Friday? Do the hat. It is. We're gonna have to go back and look it Up. Well, Mac the, the, the nine daughters. Not possible. We talked about it like the nine. You have One veto. Okay. So that's gonna be the nine Darter. It's rough rowdy ring girl. It's And calendar Shoot. And calendar Shoot. I don't, I Don Well, Rough and rowdy ring girl. And photo shoot. While you're wearing the rough and rowdy ring Girl outfit. It's winning a season of college football on Highs. I thought we agreed that everything should be a stream.


Yeah, true. But the rough rowdy is a stream, but, all right. What was LeBron's Points? LeBron's points. But like, this is where, I mean, it is what, What it Is. What it is. You haven't lost yet, Hank. It is what It is. What We, we go through these things. We say, all right, we're gonna pick a punishment. Everyone pick a punishment, then we push it off. Then we push it off. Then we say, all right, everyone pick a punishment. Everyone picks a punishment. We say, this is going in a hat. After they go in a hat, we then decide everything has to be a stream. Even though half the things in the hat aren't a stream. And so even though there's things in the hat, which we all agreed upon, somehow it's gonna have to be something that's a stream. Even though some of the things in the hat aren't a stream, Most of the things are streams, though.


The Rough and rowdy one is not. But like, you guys are gonna be like, it Has to be Well, rough and rowdy is a stream buddy, buddy. Right. But the calendar shoot, like, well, That's just behind, that's for TikTok thing is not a stream. So why don't, why don't we just, why don't we get it to just three stream things or four stream things. Okay. I, I know. I'm just saying. It's just, it is. And I'm, I'm obviously lashing out 'cause I have to do the punishment. But it's like we come to this agreement before the punishment, before the season starts for a reason. So then to then change it after the Season's over. Yeah. I feel like you were part of the conversation that said it should be a stream, But that was But that still, But you were, But like before your moment right now, you were like, yeah, it should be a stream. But now that you lost, you're like, but Why didn't we decide this before Andrew?


Okay. So it's very simple. What's, what other, the punishments are not streams. I don't know what the other Punishments Are. I know we gotta we gotta go back and chat. What do you think watching this live happen? What, what's going through your head? Hank, you wanna call your daddy? You haven't even lost yet. Hank, get a Landline To daddy. No, I'm, I'm, I'm fine with whatever. I'm fine with whatever. I just, the only one that I would veto is nine daughter. 'cause that's literally no one could do that. Except for like Michael Van Gerwin. I think he Oh, Michael Van. I think you could do it when I think you'd do it If I have a veto. It's going to that we, I think you could do it at, we wouldn't do maybe the exact distance. If. you were a little closer.


You could probably do it would be an electric stream. You said I have a veto, right? Yeah. You do? Yeah. Okay. Good. Mount Rushmore. Let's, How do you feel about your Mount Rushmore? Hank I think it's over. I think again, new PFT has figured it out and he's gonna come in second. Yeah. No laughs But good. It would be a shame if I actually come in first. I, I'm feast or famine. I'm like Adam Dunn. I either hit a dinger get first place, or come in last place. It would be a shame if the a w Ls made Fridays Mount Rushmore do or die. You can't. You're Skewing the vote.


You're Skewing the vote. It would be a shame. Election fraud would Be a shame. I'm not, I'm not involved with the You literally Said that it would be, it would be Stop The steal. Stop the Steal. Do you agree with me? Like, that would be a real shame. Would be such a shame. First and peace. I'm, I'm, it doesn't matter. Take away some of my points here, Hear that if I wanna get penalized for this, I'll, I'll get penalized. I Heard that you're, you're shipping this podcast down to, to Central and South America and getting all these new voters in trying to weigh it for you guys. I, I don't want vote. I want I want them to vote. This is, This is Deca. This is Cat. Want vote. I I wanna vote the right way. I want, I want everyone to vote the right way. It just stinks than Jerry And the next Kamala rally and get it down Again. One less Mount Rushmore. Yeah. One less Mount Rushmore. We won't do a Mount Rushmore Friday.


No. I mean, if it's over, it's over. True. It'll be over. Good job, Ty. Congrats. Congrats Hank you. You did great. Thanks. And we'll see what happens with the vote tomorrow. Yeah. I'm sure memes will get the caption rate and it'll be fine. Yeah. Pip. Okay.


Let's get to our interview with Jerry O'Connell. We'll Get back to Jerry O'Connell in a second. He's brought to you by the farmer's dog. Our great friends over at the Farmer's dog. The days are warmer, the walks are longer. One easy way to help your dog shine the season is with fresh, healthy food from the farmer's dog. The farmer's dog makes real fresh dog food delivers right to your door. Recipes are developed by vet nutritionist made from real meat, real veggies, portioned just for your dog, making it easy to say goodbye to burnt brown balls and feed your dog real dog food with real benefits. It's real food. It's smart, healthy pet food. You can feel good about feeding your pup. It's the best option for dogs of all life stages. It's not kibble. It's not cango. It's real healthy food. I got a text this morning actually from the Farmer's dog saying that Blake's delivery was on its way. It should be there when I get home today. And Blake's gonna have fresh, healthy food. It's gonna last him weeks. They pre proportionate specifically for your dog. Blake absolutely loves it. He eats all his food. He's excited for breakfast time, excited for dinner time. Stella's been on the Farmer's dog since before they were advertising with part of my take. The Farmer's dog makes great food and your dog will love it. Dogs at a healthy weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs. And you can get 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/pmt. Plus you get free shipping. That's right, 50% off. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/pmt to get 50% off and free shipping. That's The Farmer dog.com/pmt.


Jerry O'Connell's also brought to you by our great friends over at Chevy. I'm a Chevy guy. I own two Chevys. The Silverado has been a massive part of, part of my take over the years. The Silverado got us to the Super Bowl when we drove it across the country. The Silverado sponsors the low man trophy Award that we hand out to the nation's best college fullback. The Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever dug in the state of Ohio during grit week. And this year, the Silverado got us all around Los Angeles, up and down the 4 0 5 through Malibu, up and down the the coast of California. To golfing. To surfing, you name it, to training camps. The Silverado was our vehicle of choice. They've got massive screens, up to eight cameras with 14 different views. They help make driving, towing, and parking all super easy. Parallel parking. That thing is remarkably easy for a truck because of all the different views that you have. Silverado brings the grit too. It's got legendary grit packed with modern truck tech inside and out. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. Check out the Trail Boss. Log on right now. Take a look at the Trail Boss, tell me you don't love that truck. Go to chevy.com. Build your own Silverado or Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy Silverado. And now here's more. Jerry O'Connell.


Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very, very, very, very Wow. Very wow. Very, I'm not done. Oh man. Very, very, very. Oh, I'm blushing. Jerry, Jerry, Jerry, Jerry, Jerry. Very, very Jerry. Very, very, very. That's what if the whole, what if the whole podcast was me just doing that? And then I just said, all right, thanks for coming. Very special guest, Jerry O'Connell. Oh man. Thank you so much. That's so kind of you. I can't believe, I think I got three more varies than Caleb. Yeah, You did. You got, I think that was the maximum amount of V varies. I don't think I can go further than that. I speak on behalf of all Awls. When you popped up on that show, I, I, I was by myself in a corporate apartment naked actually, because I, I didn't bring many clothes to me.


So I had to wash like my under. I had to wash everything and then make sure I put it in the dryer. So I had underwear the next day and I went fucking berserk fellas naked. That was crazy. Yeah, It was fun. Yeah. Was Very fun. That was unreal. That was unreal. So Jerry's Here. So funny. This show has been like our little secret as Awls and like, it's like big time. I'm so, I was so proud of you guys. I, I had an overwhelming feeling of pride. And I gotta tell you, as an actor, sometimes you see people moving up and you're like, oh man. Like, why aren't I in Deadpool? IIII go to the gym and I, it's so different like with you guys.


I had such, I almost cried. I, I Cried. Appreciate you. It was, yeah, it was very cool. And it was very fun for our fans to see us in a show that we all love and have been watching for a very long time. So Jerry Fantasy football preview. Yeah. Yeah. We have to set the table though, because Jerry is such a committed guest and part of this show that we text him, we're like, Hey, fantasy football preview. We're gonna do it the, the week before Labor Day. And he's like, great. I'll fly in anytime. You flew in when, so tell us what the last 12 hours have been. Because you have your briefcase. Yeah. I think you went to Planet Fitness this morning. Yeah. So when did You fly in? Are we a Planet Fitness podcast?


We can be now. Yeah. We're A fitness podcast. Yeah. I, yeah. I have a membership to the old pf and it's, I can go to anyone really in the world. It's universal. Yeah. I papered the Universal one and I just went there. I just did a little lift. You you flew it. You Took the Red eye. I took the red eye in. Yeah. So you landed at O'Hare at like 6:00 AM Yeah. Went to Planet Fitness. That's right. And then came here Chest And buys. Chest and buys What's In here? Briefcase. So in my briefcase, this is like, just stuff I bring. 'cause for those who don't know, for those who may be like first seeing me here and Huey, I should probably introduce myself. My name is Jerry.


I'm sort of the fantasy expert here on part of my tape. I Don't think he's in the booth right now. He's Yeah, he is right there. Okay. I can't see him. Yeah. And I don't think it's sort of You are? Well, Yeah. Huey, do you have any clue who I am? Huey's. Oh, there he is. There he is. He's tucked away. Put these on, right? Yeah. I know who you are. How would you describe Jerry O'Connell to somebody that's never watched TV before Or Movies? We got headphones issues. Oh, he's, he's a he used to be an actor. Yo, Did you Hear that? No, no, no. When He, his big hits were in the past. Oh.


Oh boy. This is not Noey come. He's Married, married to a supermodel. Yep. One of the most, Most beautiful ever. Thank you. Yep. And you know. Yeah. And he's a, he, he, he, he, he lost some weight. Okay. Well, I mean, I didn't, you Were fat. Well, I was a husky. First of all, I was husky. I was never That's true. Beer. If. you were a husky child. I was a husky child. And I, I just grew, you know. But listen, by the way, I should also note that a lot of the people here on this podcast are in incredibly good shape. When I hugged a lot of you fellas this morning, I felt, I felt firmness. Yeah. In Big Cat, again, the best shape of our lives we're about number 40.


Yeah. Because what your body when you're 40, that's your body for the rest of your life. Yeah. Yeah. Sweet. So Jerry, what is in the briefcase? So in the briefcase, I just bring, so I I I manage your fantasy league with the, the Mic's still on in the booth. Yeah. Guys, I, I know I used to be an actor, Huey, but you gotta turn the mic off when I'm in here. I can't believe he said I used to be an actor. Yeah. He's on TV Every day. Huey. That's Huey. I mean, you know, I I I mean I listened to all the NBA whole podcasts before you come here, I'm a big fan. And you hit me with the, he used to be an actor. I was in Kangaroo Jack motherfucker.


That's Right. Yeah. And his name's being tossed around for, for the next Marvel movie. That's true. That's Not true. That No. We just Tossed around. We tossed around. Hey Jerry. Jerry, I heard that Jerry is, he's in consideration. Yeah. It's not true. I'm not, I I, I would require me to go to Planet Fitness a lot more. It would require me to get a, a private trainer at Planet Fitness. Yeah. You get some, some steroids Like Hank no steroids. So you got your Briefcase here. I've got my briefcase. I got, I love the briefcase. 'cause you, you get on a plane. I, I assume first class. Do we do first class? No. Ex exit row. Exit row. Okay. Oh, because you're, you're a hero. You're a first responder in case something happens. I like That. No, I just, it's a red eye.


And I, I mean, I bought the ticket myself and the price to buy a first class ticket at last minute was just the price of a, a used automobile. So yeah. I just went exit row. Yeah. So you raw dog, did you raw dog. The flight? I actually took a couple of Tylenol PMs. Oh, bad boy. Yeah. Be careful of those. Well make my, I have to time them out perfectly. You have to wait till the flight is definitely leaving and it's going, you know, and you're boarding and then you just chew 'em and just get in your exit row, kick your shoes off, and then get ready for the fantasy podcast. Yeah. So you got your briefcase. And I, I love that you bring that briefcase on a plane.


'cause it looks very official. It looks very businesslike. Yeah. But what's in it? So, I mean, really what's in it? Like, I mean, I have my shorts that I wore at Planet Fitness this morning. I have a rough draft of what I'm gonna say here today. And then I have the final draft. I also have some deodorant here that I put on. Let's get some of this. Yep. Yeah, please. Yep. Let's do the belly as well. Did you, does your wife know you're not home right now? So listen, here's the deal. My wife knew I was coming to do this podcast. Okay. Now I have to talk to you guys 'cause I manage your fantasy team that is in the high roller league.


Yes. Okay. So I know it costs a substantial amount of money. And I've been managing it. I think this is my third year prayers for DeMar. If those who don't remember, that's, that's a callback to, we were in the championship game when DeMar Hamlin went down, say it, Praise for DeMar. And we were trailing by I think five or six points. And the person who I was playing said, that's it. I'm champion. And I was not on the text chain. And I, we were talking about the negotiations that were gonna happen. And the negotiation was, they had Josh Allen as a quarterback and we had Joe Burrow.


Mm. I think it, it might've been the other way around. We might've had Josh. Either Way we were gonna win. I think we had, I think we had whoever scored first and was getting ready to light it up. Okay. So then we do that, Joe. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because we had Joe Burrow and then the other person I was playing who I didn't know, but is obviously some sort of celebrity and high roller because the buy-in is pretty significant. Said, I'm the champion. And I was like, no, no, no, you, you gotta fight this. Like you gotta fight this. Like, we need to complete an entire game. So then it was decided that the following week we would play Joe Burrow and Josh Allen And the next week. Like Joe Burrow was playing. I, I don't know, whoever has a tough defense.


Yeah. We got screwed. Yeah. But Prepares for tomorrow. Right. And we lost. And listen, I wanna come here today because I I, you were kind enough to put me on the text chain with all those celebrities. It's Not going well. Tossed you in there. I think it's going pretty well. I, I don't know. I I was actually a little bit worried that we were gonna get kicked outta the league the other day. Be, and Jerry, I love your initiative. I love your passion when it comes to fantasy football. But with Jerry, you took it upon yourself because you're, you're a self-starter. You said, I want to, I want everybody to be able to get some mock drafts in under the belt. So let's figure out this order about a week before we do the draft. You win through mock drafts. You know that Right? You mock draft win. Yes. Yeah.


You gotta get reps in. Right. Gotta get reps in. It's like Anything else. So, so Jerry just sends a video out of nowhere to the group chat of himself, shirtless at a beach somewhere. It looks like you were at a beach and you've got a hat and you put all the names in the hat and the camera angle. I dunno, If, you did this on purpose, but the camera angle doesn't show below the belt whatsoever. So it appears that you could be nude in this video. I couldn't really see, it was very sunny out and I was not wearing my glasses at the time, so I couldn't really see anything. Right. So Jerry proceeds to do the, the draft order and no one asked him to do this. No one asked him to do it. Okay. But, but again, I, I don't have a problem with somebody needs to take the bull by the horns.


Right? Yeah. Get The ball rolling. We didn't have a draft order. Yeah. We didn't have A draft Order. Less than a week. Yeah. So Jerry does this video and he puts all the names into the hat and then he reaches down and pulls out the first name. And Jerry, what is the first team that you drafted? It's our team. Team. Oh Yes. So he picked us first. Overall. Hell yes. You can imagine the reaction from the group chat though. It varied from like, oh, he cheated. He took his own team to somebody saying, who is this? Right? And why is this man doing our draft order? Right. So Jerry had to clear it up real quick and say, Yeah. Unlike Huey, he didn't say, they didn't say he used to be an actor. They just said, who is this? Yeah. But then Jerry pointed out very helpfully. I was in Kangaroo Jack, I'm a fantasy football expert. And then he posted a picture of him and his lovely supermodel wife.


Yes. Who's very, very attractive. Respectfully hot. A big fan of your wife. I've been a big fan of your wife since I was Yes. 12 years old. Okay. All of us have huge fan. When I was 12, especially when we were 12. When I was 12, I was a massive fan. 12, 13, 14. Those were our, Yeah. Respectfully. Respectfully. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Knock It outta the park. Respectfully. Thank you. So, so Jerry does the draft order and then there's a bunch of pushback against it. And then Jerry hops into the chat to defend himself and he wins the chat over Nice. As you do. I I think you won the chat over. Eventually they were like, okay, this guy's funny. I like him. So What's the problem? So there's no problem right now, except we might, I thought for a second we might get asked to leave the, the Fantasy league, but I think you want us back over and now we're, we're trying to decide whether or not to use Jerry's draft order or if to do a random I think you have to, Well, what are you gonna do?


Just have like a random, like a random maer. Like pick it, pick all the picks. I mean, yeah, right now it's, we put it up to a vote And, it says, I think there's four votes for redoing the draft order and then one vote for keep Jerry's draft order. All right. Well Why Don't you add all of us to the, to the chain And just blow it Up. Yeah, we'll stuff the ballot. Okay. We can do that. I don't know, would, would the vote still pull up show up though? I don't think It would. Maybe not. Now Jerry, you did turn the group chat green. Yeah. And That, that was a sticking point for a lot of people. Yeah. That's a dick move Out of, I think there are 13 or 14 people in this group chat. And Jerry was the first non iPhone user. Yeah. Have you thought about getting, you know, like Walter White and Breaking Bad has a second cell phone for dealing drugs. You just have a fantasy football cell phone.


I'll never do it. No. Ever. I won't do it. You're an Android Guy. I'm an Android guy. That's it. Mostly because my entire family are all Apple people and I just want that like one degree of like, they can't FaceTime me or get in touch with me. Oh, That's just smart. It's like one degree of like, we were trying to reach you dad and we couldn't reach you. And If you have that Android, like just that one extra step. It just, it's just a little bit of freedom. So I, I had one other question before. What, what was the DM you sent to Max yesterday? Oh, I, I wanted to, I just, I I, I have some things that I wanna say because I have to talk about who we're gonna draft if we're still out.


Yeah, no, we're gonna get, we're get to all this. But, but listen, I, I also wanna ask, I would like to help out with the buy-in for this. No, like listen, If, you would just whisper to me what one third would be. Don't say it on air. 'cause it's like, it'll be upsetting how much it is. So just $50,000. What? No, I'm just kidding. Just whisper to me like what it actually is. I I believe it's, So then that would be you're gonna, you're not even gonna be able to fly exit seat anymore. So the math would Be Yeah. That's a tough fraction to do. Is good at math. Yeah. It's like, okay. Okay. You know what?


Why don't hold, hold on. Why don't we take care of it? Let me, we'll handle This off line Here. I, I think I can handle it. Let me call my wife and see if I can, Okay, good. Yeah, yeah, because I actually had a question for her as well. Right. Just gimme One second. Maybe she's home. She was introduced to the Awls when we were on Grit week. Gimme One second here. Okay. Please Come on. Pick up. Please, please, please, Please, please, please, please, please. Hello Honey. Hey, you're live on PMT. It, it's Jerry. Huh? You're live on that podcast that I do the podcast that I'm always talking about. And we listen to The Bing bong guys.


Yes. They're the Bing Bong guys. This is, this is Big Cat. This is PFT. Huey didn't know I was still an actor. Becca. Hello? Yeah, Hold on. I'm okay. Can I, I was about, I wa I was taking the kids to school. Okay. But hold on a second. They, I wanna join their fantasy league and it's going to cost, Hold on. Can you call me back in One second? Call me back. I think that went well. Or we'll call her back. I think that's a maybe. I think that went well. We'll call her back. It's not a no. So Jerry, I actually had a question about your wife. Okay. Supermodel. Yeah. Respectfully. She was introduced to Awls because we were in gr we were on Grit week.


Sure. In LA You were in somewhere else. You were trying to get her to let us come over to watch hard knocks. Right. She, you, you tweeted out, you know, Hey, please let the fellas come over for hard knocks. I'm not there. My wife is not in Aw l She quoted and said, are these your bing bong friends? Right. And then all the awls introduce themselves to her in a respectful way. What was her reaction to that? She doesn't really know what who you are or what I do here at all. It's not like a secret relationship that I have with you guys. It's just you just drive to A park in secret and send videos to us that she doesn't. Well listen, typically during the season, you guys record on Sundays for your Monday show.


Correct. If Max remembers to push the button. And that's like family time. And my wife is pretty adamant about not making plans on Sundays. So if I do come and see you, it does have to be sort of Off hours. Yeah. Sort of Secretive. Here, let me wait. That wasn't enough time. Jerry. She's dropping off the kids. No, let me, this Is not gonna go well again. She didn did say one minute. She's she's gonna hate us. Jerry, she's gonna hate us. Hello. Hey honey, can you talk for like two minutes? Okay. Hi. So they, by the way, I should introduce you.


Th this is Big. Cat and, and, and and PFT. They're, they're, they're huge fans. Huge Fans. Big fans. Huge fan. Respectfully. What? So The hell kind of a name is What does PFT stand for? It's a long story. It's, we can get into it later. It's pro, What's his name? It's Pro Football Talk. He left comments on it. It, it, it doesn't matter honey. They, they are, are part of a fantasy league and I would like to join. It is going to cost one 10th of repairing our driveway. Jerry, you've never won in fantasy. I not, I came in second. But remember DeMar Hamlin, the man with the heart condition.


Say it fellas. Christopher DeMar. Christopher DeMar. And remember that I came close. What do you think? No, you get mad at the entire family. If. you get mad at everybody when you don't win. I'm, what's the Upside for us? This could be a very victorious moment for all of us. I just need to, 'cause we have a, we have a joint account. So you'll see if I send Venmo someone money. Oh hey, Sure. You walk around the house muttering about Kendrick Bourne. You mutter you, you to yourself. You girls Still play volleyball? Oh yes. Stella Blue Coffee, NIL deal for wherever they go to college.


Oh, We're getting an offer to like a, to pay the girls if they play volleyball. They At the University of Wisconsin. Actually that's the only place they can Yeah. They may diviv for Okay. University of Wisconsin. Yeah. Yes. It's a great school badge school. Go, go, go. Badgers. Aren't these the guys who argue for hours about the color of cheese That this is? That's us. Yeah. Oh, do you think, what was it? What color is cheddar? Where are we on that? Yellow? What? What's your answer? It's yellow. Yeah. Okay. What about Pepperjack? Somebody Say Orange. No. What about pepperjack?


Pepperjack is like pale yellow, right? Oh no, she's a hank rider. Be careful Jerry. Oh wow. It's Hank the angry one. Yeah, Hank's the angry one. Yes, yes, Yes. Hank is always angry. She knows as well. Wow. You do know that you are an A WL Rebecca. I've turned you into an A WL. What do you say? Can I take 10, 10% of to fix our driveway and give it to these guys? Hello? You can join the fantasy league, but you need to do one thing. Oh no. Oh God. Yes. You got to win. Oh, I love it. Alright.


Fire me up. Love you babe. Thanks for coming to the show. Alright. I'm doing with it. Oh yes. Oh man, that was fun. You got a good one there. You got a good one there, man. That was like Adrian to Rocky. We Probably should have kept her on though to see what happens. If, you don't win because I feel like that was If. you don't win. There's something bad coming. Alright, so I'm in I'll, I'll get you that money somehow. So What did you send Max, before we start? What did you, you sent Max a random DM yesterday? Yeah, I did. I just wanted him to know that I I I just wanted him to know that. Wow. That was like, that was like, that was so much better than you calling Darren. Darren ve that really went well. There was no, no fighting or anything. She Likes us. No.


Yeah. It sounds like she's a fan. Yeah. That's incredible. I think we should, yeah, we should probably meet her. Yeah. Thank you for Would you like to be on the show? My wife? Yeah. I, I I mean, yeah. I'll get Her number and I'll I'll set it up. Just take, just tone it down with like the 12-year-old stuff and like intensely like with crazy eyes. No, It was, it was when we were 12. Yeah, I know. So it's Not talking about other 12 year olds. It's talking about herself. Yeah. My kind of, it was just kind of, it was a little awkward. Well You remember Yeah, but it, it's just a little awkward. Okay, come on. It's on the Cover of the swimsuit issue. Jerry, A number of times. I think three times. Was She on the body paint? One? I don't know if she was on the body paint. She had this one that had a zipper that went right down the middle. Do you remember? Yeah.


Zipper. Yeah. Oh, I remember it. The zipper one was, yes. It's really good. This is not, this is inappropriate. A little bit. Yeah. Sorry. So and so That's way in the past. We're almost 40. You sent Max a DM just saying, max, let's get into it today. Well I just, because I have 'cause because I get after it. This is what I do a as your manager. If I'm still in the league and I I'm managing it, I, I just, I have to break down fantasy stuff for you guys. It's also fun as an a WL because you typically talk a lot about gambling. So it's fun to have a little fantasy on the show. Fantasy. Yeah. Yeah. And Huey, while I used to be an actor, I'm also, I'm sort of the fantasy expert here at Pardon.


My Take. Here we go. Our strategy this season. Now last season I know I said you gotta draft fields and Darren Waller. Yeah. Yeah. Who could Forget And that was a double miss. Yeah, it's a rare double miss. Typically If, you make bold statements like that. I think PFT you said I'm standing on the table. I'm doing that. Okay. Captain, my captain. Yep. Yeah. You, you, you, you stood on the table for a guy who got traded for six round picks. Back up now to Russell Wilson, Possibly Starting and another guy who retired. Yes. Yes. Well he was going through some personal stuff. You know, I'm, we're sorry to hear about his personal life, but yeah, it was a double, it was a double miss.


I hope That doesn't scare you away from making bold statements this year though. It doesn't. 'cause here's my bold state. Here's our theme for this season in drafting. There are so many talented wide receivers in the fifth Yes. Sixth, seventh, and eighth rounds. Yes. That we don't have to draft wide receivers until the fifth round. Now if one comes up in draft in like, you know, if Garrett Wilson is there at the end of the second round, you've gotta take him. You know what I'm saying? But I I don't think we're gonna touch a wide receiver till the fifth, sixth, seventh and eighth rounds. And I'm, I'm gonna It's 'cause Devonta Smith. Okay. Max is there. Oh yeah, Ze is there.


Keenan is gonna be there. Ja. Curtis Samuel. I know people are sleeping on him. He's gonna be the wide receiver one in Buffalo Rashi Rice team mother fucking Higgins is going in the fifth round. Yeah, in the fifth round. We can wait. We can wait. So that said also, I'm definitely going to Buffalo Wild Wings to do my draft. They have great internet. Yep. You know, let's go fantasy. Let's go, Let's go football. Yeah, yeah. Okay. You get the ring and you can talk. Alright, so here we go. Let's start with the NFC East. Okay Max. Love it. Now Max. Ready? I wanna draft all the eagles. All of them. Every single one of them.


Love it. We're definitely drafting Devonta in the fifth round. Okay. If, if, if Saquon is on the board, we we're, we're we're probably gonna draft him. Okay. That said, I'm worried about drafting any Eagles. Okay. That's what we're drafting all of. But I'm worried about drafting any of them because if they go one in four, one in three, which they could in the first few weeks. Okay. They're playing the Packers, the Falcons, the Saints, the Bucks. Okay. Who they lost pretty badly in the playoffs. Max. Okay. New Year. Okay. I understand it's a new year and I understand you have a new defensive coordinator, but If they and offensive coordinator And, and okay.


If they go one and three and people are fired and the wheels fall off of that thing and they're spray painting defensive players' names on garbage cans, which I saw with my eyes in the city of Philadelphia. Okay. What are you gonna say? When we have, when the wheels have completely fallen off, That'll be my responsibility. I'm willing to take that. Okay. Just a few questions for you Max. Ready? Can they tackle this season? Yeah. Vic Gios got the boys ready. Okay. Okay. And, and, and, and you feel confident that there are two, not one, but two rookie corners who are gonna be guarding your backfield? I don't know how much time the rookies are gonna get early on, but I think we're, we'll be ready. Okay. How about the offense since Steichen has been gone?


Are they gonna do anything? Yeah. Kellen Moore's got the guys ready. Okay. Now is Kellen Moore gonna be coaching come week five when everything breaks down? You are telling me that you wanna draft all the guys, but then you're telling me you don't wanna draft the Guys. No, I'm just telling you, when it all falls apart, And it, it, it could very possibly happen. Why are you saying things are gonna fall apart if we're drafting 'em all? Because It's Philadelphia and if there's any blood in the water it goes, it's like a bunch of piranha jumping in. Correct and jumping on them And. it gets insane. And then we've drafted three players from a team that is in a fucking like vortex spiral that they can't get out of a death spiral. Is that going to happen this season? You have to assure us, because I am now economically, financially a part of this fantasy team.


He's attentive, his driveway is gonna be on the Eagles. Yeah, no, I love it. I love it. I want the pressure. Okay. I don't know that you do. This Is good Jerry. You're learning. You, you've learned. Hey Max, that was just a test. I was just testing you good. Alright. But Jerry, I learned the simple Of investing yourself monetarily in Philadelphia sports. So either you can win or you can just blame it all on Max. It's the best strategy Out there. That was just a test. I was really hoping to get more of a rise out. That was A stress test. Yeah, That was, you have a Chama meal before the show or something? No, I'm just getting, I mean, it's a little early In the morning For Max. This preseason? No, this is pre-season. Alright, let's move on. We're, we're, so all the Eagles, NFC, east, all the Eagles.


Okay. All them. Jalen Hurtz is available. Is he okay? Jalen hurts. Yeah. He didn't look like himself last year. He, he didn't look right. Let's ask Max. He only Threw one interception all of camp. And that was the last day. Brad thing. That's a bad, that's a bad Thing. Bad thing. No, but he did throw one. Yeah. That's a bad thing to only throw one That No, it would've been a bad thing if he threw Zero. Threw one. If he threw No. 'cause if he threw one, it's almost like he threw that one on purpose. Just because we were onto him. No, you, you thought that you were onto Him also. He doesn't have a sinner. Pretty big part of the brotherly show. We'll Be fine. We'll Be fine. Okay. Hmm. I might have to rethink this whole Eagles thing. Yeah. Should Be.


Let's move on to another team of the podcast. The Washington Commanders. We're probably taking Jaden Daniels in like the ninth round. Okay. Okay. I like that. You think he'll be around? I think he'll be around then. He seems, because I feel like a lot of people are drafting him fairly high this year because of the Mock drafts I've looked at. He or Caleb are around. And I, I just, I just think it's gonna have, I think he's, I think I think of the two of them. I think Jaden Daniels is gonna light it up a little bit. Sorry. And legs. He's got the legs. Can't draft any running backs on, ever since Alfred Morris, I'm still, I have, I have bad vibes.


Also. Adrian Peterson on that team. I just think of, I didn't know what a switch was until he came on that team. Like, and I always think of my kids and like switching them if they're bad and you can't do that, you know. But yeah. This Brian Robinson, Austin Eckler. Antonio Gibson backfield. We're not touching it, but scary. Terry McCluen is gonna be part of our, I think he's going in like the seventh round of these mock drafts that I've been doing. He is the wide receiver one. Johan Dotson isn't there? He's gonna have a killer year. That is what I'm talking about. Can I give you just one name that maybe Yeah. Maybe we don't draft him, but maybe we, we just keep his name in our brain.


Okay. For the waiver wire. Okay. Marvis Bryant. Now by the time this podcast comes out, he might have been cut, but if he's still on the team, I feel like Marvis Bryant keep an eye on him. 6 4 2 0 8. He lost like 30 pounds by drinking water and eating fruit. Hmm. Weed is pretty much legal in the United States, so we won't get suspended again. Okay. Just keep an eye on him. Okay. I'm gonna, what was the office term? I'm gonna put a pin in that. Yeah, here we go. Gonna table that. Oh man. Sorry Hank, I don't think we're drafting any cowboys this season. Hank's gone.


Did he know I was gonna talk about the Cowboys? Yeah, he might have. I he went, he put in his 30 minutes work. He probably got a call from, oh, Huey. Here's a fun little fact. Guess how many wide receivers are named Jalen on the Cowboys three. Correct. Wow. Johnny Di Wow. Divinity Fucking di man. I can't believe I heard that in person. Maybe Jake Ferguson in the late round. 'cause you know, back is gonna have to dump bad dump that ball Giants. Absolutely none. Just can't watch any D stretch off. It's just, it's a, you know, maybe Devon single Terry, if he's around in the seventh round.


Nah, but man, it's, I'm, I can't even draft. I can't believe people are drafting Malik neighbors in the second round. I know. It's like, who do they see? Who's gonna be throwing to him? Let's go to the NFC North. Ooh. Oh man. Huey, I'm so sorry buddy. Hidy. Dity. We can't draft Jamir Gibbs. Somebody has a hamstring injury and is out for a couple weeks. You just want no part of it. It does make David Montgomery a must draft. Oh. 'cause you know, he's gonna be playing. I'm gonna guess a majority of the season. But you notice we have a theme here. Commanders, you know, bear Bears coming up.


You know, Eagles. This is part of the pocket. Well, I wonder if we'll have any Patriots. Hank, I wonder he's not here. Oh, he back? No, he's back. Oh, he's back. Chicago Bears. NFC North. Yeah. Big. Cat. Yeah. All of them. Yeah. Every single one. Yeah. Jerry, I don't know if it's, yeah, Jerry. It's that fucking hard knock show. Yeah, Jerry, I'm just in, they're gonna be good this year, by the way, getting back to our wide receivers. Fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth rounds. AE is going to be such a good receiver. And like, I know you guys are talking about my wife and things you did to No, I just thought her photos, I was just No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Okay.


Ourselves, yeah. As 13 year olds ourselves looking at photos and stuff. So I do wanna be respectful here, but Denzel's mom is a very attractive woman. I don't think I've ever said that about someone's mom. Yeah. And by the way, it's also like a, it's like, it it, I don't wanna get really crazy here, but it's like, you know, when you're attracted to someone, it's a potential mate. You know? And like, I, I don't know if she's still a childbearing age, but like, you want to, everyone wants to have a child. A child that is a professional athlete. And I found her to be, I was very attracted to her.


I went on a deep dive. You know, she's a realtor in Las Vegas, so, and gets incredible reviews. That's like, that's quite a deep dive. Yeah. Yeah. So, well I was looking for, I was trying to see if there was a husband, a ring, and I think she's single. I believe so. Total respect though. Respect, respect, respect. I'm in an, I'm in a relationship. I just, It's complicated. No, it isn't complicated. It's not complicated at All. Your relationship. Yeah, it's not, it's simple. It's very simple. Straight down the line. Yeah. Nothing complicated. Not even like, just like it's, You guys agree on everything. It's like missionary our relationship. Yeah. It's like nothing even crazy.


Like there's nothing, nothing crazy about our relationship. I just, alright, listen, I like Keenan Allen a lot too. He's going in the ninth round. Are you Worried that there's reports? He gained a lot of weight. I know, I heard that. I don't think it's a problem. I think he'll lose it. And man, I just, I I, you know, I live in Los Angeles and I watched that man for years. Just rack up fantasy points with those chargers. Yeah. Green Bay. Oh, you know, I have a question for this podcast and anybody can jump in here. Huey as well. He's an NFC North guy. How do we think Josh Jacobs is gonna do in Green Bay? I thought he was pretty good when he, when he got the ball in Oakland or in Las Vegas.


Oh, he was in, he was incredible. Yeah. Yeah. I thought when, when they gave him the ball and they trust him to be the first running back, I thought he was still good. Yeah. So AJ Dylan is a little hurt, I think so. That's good. I mean, bad for AJ Dylan, but good for if you're drafting Josh Jacobs, who's going a little later. And Jordan Love is not a scrambling quarterback. So I think Josh Jacobs is a good, oh, What's I think the, I, I'm biased. Okay. I think the Packers, I think Aaron Jones is better. And he's on the Vikings now For The price and everything. I like Aaron Jones. I think The Packers just will always have a good running back. Mm. They always seem to be Okay, but they won't use him.


Okay. I, I guess I should just be asking Big Cat this stuff. 'cause he's gonna be the most judgmental and really scrutinize these picks. What about Jalen Reed? How do you feel about him and our bum? Wow. Christian Watson Bum can't catch. Wow. Can run fast. It, I can't catch No, no Packers on our fantasy team. NF seen North Vikings, man, I've seen this Sam Darn movie. It's terrible. Ah, Seven year bump Jerry. Seven year bump. Let's go to the NFC West 49 ERs. I guess just that Christian McCaffery. I, I just don't like anyone else. It's just such a boring team to watch. I'm sorry, the, The 49 ERs. Yeah. you don't like Kittle? I don't, I'm sorry.


He's, I mean he's, I know he's a friend of the show. I understand that. He's a friend of yours. You're basically like, I understand that. Step cousins or Something. I know. I just think we have you, you know, I I do wanna say in the third round, we're either gonna take Sam la Porto as a tight end. I like that. Or we're gonna take McBride as a tight end. 'cause it, every mock draft I've done, those tight ends seem to go back to back to, it's like La Porto, Kelsey, Mick McBride. It just goes boom, boom, boom. And. it typically happens in the third round. So you gotta get it early. If, you want one of those three. And IIIA kiddo's not one of them.


I'm sorry, I just, I just also, you have to watch 49 ERs games. They're on kind of later. It's like dark out. It's just, it's a bummer. There's Also, they use 'em in a way that's not necessarily great for fantasy. There's a difference between being a great fantasy tight end and then what Kettle does, which is some games, he'll have those great fantasy games, but other games he'll just block the shit outta people. Yeah. I just can't do it. I just, I'm, I'm so sorry. I'm not a Brock player. No, you're honest, you're honest. I'm, I'm not a Brock Purdy guy either. About Kyle Acky. Do you see his wife's jackets? He just love fullbacks. I do. Yeah. Still can't believe that that gold medalist wore a a, a Green Bay jacket. Nah, it wasn't a Green Bay jacket. It was a Jonathan Owens jacket.


You know that Jerry, lemme see. West Rams that gold medalist. So, but the best Olympian we've ever had. Rams. I love Kyron. Yeah, he's gonna be really good. I don't know why he's not getting respect on these drafts. 'cause Blake Ko maybe, I Don't think Blake KO's gonna do anything. I mean, you think Blake maybe. Alright, I should do a little more research there. And I do wanna say also great Grit Week. Great interview with coach, coach McVey. But man, when a head coach starts talking about their, like, beauty routine and their beauty regiment and also like, like aesthetic surgeries that they've gotten, it's just, look, I'm an actor.


I'm arguably, I mean, don't ask Huey, but I'm like, beside Matt Damon and Casey Affleck the most famous guy. Huey should look me up, but like, and you don't hear me talking about my, like implants that I get or like Right. And I just, I couldn't believe he was, I I guess like aver honesty and he's got supposedly a photographic memory. But like, I, I like, I want my head coaches like, like Dan Campbell with Shaw, like coming out of the mouth. Yeah. You want him drooling on themselves. I want like Andy Reid who looks like his spleen just fucking exploded and he took a shit. Yeah. And like he's got heartburn and just chewing like Prilosec.


Yeah. Know this is a Prilosec podcast, but like, it it's like I want, that's what I want for my head coach. Yeah. No, pretty boys like Dan Quinn, he goes bald. Guess what he does? He shaves his head and he just grows a goatee. Yeah. He doesn't have to get the PRP. That's what you need outta a football coach. Yeah. Yeah. So that was a little annoying. But I do like Kyron, Arizona Cardinals are a really interesting team this year. Yeah. I just, their offense is gonna be awesome. I think their offense is gonna be great. You know, I cannot draft Marvin Harrison in the second round. He's a rookie. I can't do it. But I think he's gonna be really good. If we were to draft one of those rookies, it would be him, man. Just, and I have a feeling that Kyler Murray's gonna have a great year.


Yeah. I think they're gonna be a lot of fun to watch. Warning though. And I'd say this as someone who plays Call of Duties, new game drops the 25th. Oh, And. it is supposedly like incredible of September. Of October. October, okay. And it's like, that's right. I'm kidding you usually, You usually throw a month on those, Sorry. Weekend The 25th. Listen, it's like a spy thriller. You don't know who to trust. I hear the single player is incredible. I hear the multiplayer. It's like post Cold War. We may lose Kyler for, I mean, six weeks after that. Yeah. Maybe we trade him, maybe we draft him and then we trade him early October.


That's a great plan. Yeah. Yeah. It's so high. NFC West Seattle, no one. Wow. Okay. Yeah. I just, Jackson Smith is never going to leapfrog those two guys. DK and, and Tyler. It's just, just no one. Like, you know, Kenneth Walker's gonna get injured. I just can't deal with it. NFC South Also dk, that Actually was the best Kenneth Walker preview ever. Walker's gonna get injured, I just can't deal With it. And then they got Chardonnay, Charna, I don't even Chardonnay. There's usually two behind and they usually split carries after that. I, I, I can't deal with it. And DK will get you like two touchdowns one week, but then he'll also get ejected from that game.


He's fun to watch. Yeah. NFC South. Wow. The most powerful division in the NFL That you're saying. Yeah. Oh man. I have a question for this podcast. Okay. Is Kirk Cousins going to make Kyle Pitts a good tight end? I think he will. Interesting. 'cause that could change things for us. Yeah. They just didn't throw to Him. Now are you willing to take that risk of not taking La Porta or McBride in the third round and take pits in like no fifth or sixth? I have a question. Okay. What if Kyle Pitts just isn't good? I don't think that's possible because he had, he Got drafted so high. He got drafted so high and he did have a one incredible year, I think two years ago with not great quarterback.


Somebody look it up is okay. Another question is Kirk Cousins gonna make Drake London catch more footballs? I think so. I think Kirk Cousins gonna fix the entire office. I Also think Bijan is gonna get a lot more touches. He's getting a lot of love in drafts. Bijan and I mean, wow. So we may be going heavy on the Falcons. So I know this is not a Falcons podcast, but we might become one. Kyle Pitts his first year had a thousand yards Receiv. That's a good year. And who was quarterback Buddy? How many touchdown was Desmond Ritter? It might been Mariota. It might've been Mariota and Ritter. How many touchdowns?


Kyle Pitts been in the league for three years. How many touchdowns does Kyle Pitts have? Okay. The way you're asking disgust, I think it's gonna be six, I think it's exactly Six. That's A full year for a tight end that you'd wanna draft at that spot. I, I mean, I, I hope Kyle Pitts. I'm just, I've gotten to the point where I'm, I might have to wait and see because every year we do this with Kyle. Mm. Kyle Pitts. No, but I, you, you answered my question. You would rather a La porter or McBride than the pits. La Porter Is A beast. Okay. So Jerry, what you're doing, you're trying to, not to steal Hank's Thunder as the econ finance guy, but you're trying to time the market right now. Correct. You think that you're smarter than the market and you're like, I think that this is gonna be, we're gonna see like three, 400% ROI on Kyle Pitts.


Let's stick with the guys that we know that like their past performance has been good. And then that way, you know, we're just gonna ride the market up. Well I'm also, I'm, I'm questioning everybody here because that's what fantasy is about. It's about buying low and getting a big return. And like, you're right. If Kyle Pitts outperformed Sam Laporta, we're gonna be bummed because we wasted. I mean, I'll make a bet Right now. That doesn't happen. Okay. Alright. Good. Then, then we're drafting Laporta or, or McBride third Are, are you concerned, Jerry, at all with the, the ops that are listening to us right now, people in our fantasy league might be listening to this fantasy preview that you're doing and you're essentially giving the strategy away. Well, you know what's funny is last season somebody immediately had drafted fields and immediately drafted Waller.


And I was like, wow, they must have listened to me on my fantasy preview. And that worked really well in our favor. Yes. Oh. So this whole thing might be a misdirection. Wow. Carolina Absolutely no one. Yep. Not even Deontay Johnson. Who's going really late? You just can't do it. Saints absolutely no one star. Sorry, Steven Shade. No Tampa Bay either. Rashad White. I don't even know. I mean, they just have the, they have the worst running backs every season. No, Mike Kevins numbers. No, I'm sorry. I just, I know he is a friend of the show, but I I I'm just not a baker.


I I just don't think it's gonna happen. Sorry, everybody. Is Michael Thomas still on the Saints? I think he left. Did he retire? Where is he? Don't know. He said Just, it just popped. He's a free agent. It just popped in my head. I was like, where the fuck is Michael Thomas? He said the weirdest last five years possible. Yeah. Okay, Let's get into it guys. A FC East. Okay. Yes. Here We go. This is it. He Henny, come on. Given our wide receivers in 5, 6, 7, 8, Curtis Samuel, I really believe is gonna be the number one ride wide receiver there. And I, I just Not Keon Coleman, have you watched Curtis Samuel play? IIII have. I just think he's going to get a lot of tar. Let's, let me put it this way.


I think he's gonna see a lot of targets from an incredible quarterback. Is there a chance, Jerry? Yeah. That the number one wide receiver on the Buffalo bills might actually be a tight end? I don't think so because Okay. Aren't there two tight ends? There are, But Talton Kincaid is the one who Yeah. Is ready if you're timing the market. You had 73 catches last year. But I can't tell you. I, I think we had kincade a couple years ago and like every time I'd open fire up the old X you'd just see knocks like trending and you'd be like, that motherfucker's gonna have had a touchdown And. it just, it really upsets me. And then I get mad at my children and my wife and I start yelling at them for no reason. And I'm muttering about Dalton Kincaid in my underwear.


So, just to clear it up, I think maybe what happened if it was a couple years ago, Dalton Kincaid was still at Utah, so he was not gonna catch any of the balls. It was gonna go to Dawson Knox. Okay. It's, I there. I I don't like it. If there's too tight end I got It. Do that. Got it. Bothers me. Yeah. Got it. Oh, where's memes? I I brought him a little gift actually. Oh yeah. Here, let me get, let me get Jets fan to Jets fan. This is a bomb. No, it's, it's not that, that joke is actually like gonna get us all in trouble. So let's not even, Jerry, do you ever think about, because we're doing a a a Oh, do you ever think about the fact that It got tangled? But here, memes, here you go.


Oh, Look at that. It's that. It's a, it's a little Knicks pendant. It's A Knicks pendant. Yeah. Jerry, do you ever think about how crazy it is that like this whole thing happened because we, we talk about it. We you actually changed the course of this hi of the history of this podcast. You know that what, you changed the course of the history of this podcast. You can't tell the story of Pardon My Take without Jerry O'Connell. When you first got offered to us, we were like, why? What would we talk to Jerry O'Connell about? And we're like, you know what? Let's have him on. Well, Did you know I was still an actor at the time? Yeah, we did. We we did. We didn't. Oh. 'cause your staff doesn't seem to know. I still act, I'm very familiar with your work, but Stand By Me one of the greatest films of all time. Yeah. But what happened, Jerry, is we had John And.


it was an instant, instant chemistry. Instant love. Yeah. Well, And We basically said from that point on, we have to take a risk on anyone who we're like, oh, we don't know what to talk about with him. 'cause the next Jerry O'Connell could be that person. Oh yeah, I like that. Yeah. Because we, we, we thought it was gonna be a one and done. You come on. We talk about kangaroo Jack. Stand by me. Haha. You used to be fat. Oh shit. You know, we used to jerk off to your wife when we were 13. That kind of stuff. I mean, yeah. I'm glad I could help out. Wow. I just, Was it the fat thing? No, it was the jerking off my wife thing. That's the thing is just the image of like a, she wasn't your wife at the time, your dating Cats.


Just pulling his pud like she wasn't your wife looking at himself in the mirror holding up a photo of my wife. It's just like frightening with your like, hairy body. It's just fucking crazy. Like I was late to a couple football practices 'cause I went home from school and then I was like, oh, I gotta poop after school. I wasn't pooping and then I was late for I'm your wife's probably the reason why I'm not an NFL player right now. Yeah. Because I didn't get starting time at Receiver. 'cause I was cranking off. I gotta say it's the image of Big Cat jerking off that really like fucked. Oh, It's gross. It's really, it's gross. 'cause you know, he like, he doesn't do it normally. He like, you know, he like squats or something or does something crazy and like lays paper on the ground and You know, he's Like a bird Cage.


He's into some weird stuff where he like, Ugh. You know, like there's like a pet watching him also. Yeah. And it's, it's just, it's not, it's gross. Okay. And you know, I'm a man of a particular age, so like, it's like tough enough for me as it is. And I mean, I still have, the last time I came here, I know this, I don't know if it is anymore, was a Hys podcast You gave me like a, a packet of stuff. And. it does work when I'm saving it for, you know, like my birthday. But I, I the, what, how we got to this point was I wanted to thank you because you changed Oh, how we view Yeah. Booking guests on this podcast because we thought Jerry O'Connell we're, what are we gonna talk about with him?


And then you've become one of our favorite guests. One of our best friends and our fantasy owner Expert. And that's, thank you. I'm so glad to Yes. I wanna say, you know, I wanna take a moment to not only thank you, but I wanna thank the a wls. Yeah. It's really fun to be a part of this show. I went to Cleveland a couple weeks ago, And, it was a Saturday night and I went to downtown. I went to an awesome bar called Town Hall highly suggested. And I was there with a coworker who has no clue that I come on this show or even what this show is. And the amount of people awls who came up to me, they're the best. And yelled like Bing bong to me. But by the way, in like a respectful manner.


Yeah. Like, like I gotta say every A WL is funny. They have a light in their eyes. There's like a high five followed by, I mean, in my case it's like a grabbing of my shoulders and then like a whispering, like hanky. You blew it. Bing bong. It's, IIII love aws. I love best part of the show. All right, let's get back to this because last time I was on this, you cut out when I talked about the NFC North and a couple people got upset about that. So I'm gonna try and do this Quickly, But that was nice of you. Big Cat to text me and say we cut out the NFC North. I think. 'cause I said terrible things about the Bears too. No, I think it was 'cause it was like three hours long Jets we're drafting briefs before everybody.


Okay. Like I, you know, I'm sort of bummed out that we got the first pick in that draft. 'cause you have to take Christian McCaffrey in that piece. We, we, We might have the first Pick, but I would love to take Bri, I just think he's gonna have a great year. Go into the, go into the group chat and then vote to redo the draft if we don't wanna draft number one Overall, I think we should all take our shirts off and redo the numbers. Yeah, we will. Three of us. Oh, this is a fun trick to do on fantasy. You draft Mike Williams with your last pick. Okay. You immediately put 'em into your IR slot and then you pick up somebody off a waiver. So you an extra person in there And it like Mike Williams who's gonna, who's gonna have a good season when he comes back. Miami Dolphins. Now last season, last year I came on the show and I said, no Dolphins, And.


it turned out that was a mistake. The most explosive offenses. Well fantasy is like, you get points from offense. Yeah. Yep. And they had a really good offense. So when scores Like 70 points in a game. Yeah. Right. Like I wish I'd slice that had like 25 touchdown. Yeah. So I'm reversing that and I'm saying all the dolphins all do. Okay, good. Good. And I think that, I think ER's gonna have a great year. Yes. Again, you're getting a value pick. He's a goal line. Running back. Look, Devin, if if we could get him in the second round, that would be fun. I would even get both of them. Jalen Waddles going in like the sixth, fifth or late, late fifth, sixth round. That's good. That's part of that 5, 6, 7 Jalen waddle.


Tyreek is a thumb injury. Come on guys. Oh, here we go. A FC East. Is Hank here? Yep, Hank is here. Hank, are you there? Hank is here. I'm here. Jerry, what's That sound? Is that the wind? That's the fall breeze. Oh. Because the summer of Hank is over. Feel that chill in the air. No, I'm, I'm, I'm kidding Hank. When it comes to drafting Patriots, it's though we are going to draft none of them. None of them.


We can't draft even Ram. Andre, who can we draft? Hank tell us. Who can we draft? Who? Roman Andre. Summer wind is gone. Baby Jar. I was, I was at, I was at the Cubs game the other day and I was walking in some, some awls got, were very excited and started yelling, Hey Bing bong bing bong, bing bong. And there was an old woman behind me who afterwards was like, sir, what was that all about? And I just didn't even have the heart to explain it to her. Oh ma'am. I had a relationship with a young lady named Tiffany Gomaz. And. it didn't work out. This guy Jerry was upset that the Knicks didn't make it to the next round of the playoffs and started Bing.


Yeah. Hank you think we should draft Roman Andre? Really? Nah, It's just not happening this year. You know why I will draft is Belichick's girlfriend. Bing man. Teach us some Zumba classes. Yeah. She's an entrepreneur and a philosopher. Yeah. Yeah. Just and 23. Wow. You know what's so crazy about your pats? They just have no speed. They have no speed. What's going on? Like, everyone's fast in the NFL Now Hank it's A rebuilding year. It's not gonna be pretty, it's not gonna be pretty. Drake may gonna be there in a couple years.


Drake may. Hopefully he is not gonna play much this year. He is gonna, you know, see some stuff. Get some reps in on the practice field and then So Jacoby's gonna start. I gonna meet Jacoby. Okay. Alright. That was our, it Was weird though, 'cause Jared Mayo said that Drake May was the best quarterback on the team. I think he said second best. I think he said, oh, I think he said Jacobi's the best. But then the, the next morning he said Drake May has Outplayed Jacobi. Interesting. Yeah, I saw, I saw the quote when he said second best. Okay. Good luck with that. A FC North Baltimore. Oh. How do you think Derrick Henry's gonna do this season? I think he'll be fine though.


He's the perfect raven. Like I see it when whenever a guy goes to a different team, I like to visualize it. Yeah. And be like, all right. How's that gonna look? I can see him in a Ravens uniform. He's gonna look big in that uniform. Yeah. Yeah. He's gonna look really good. I like too. Now here's the problem. He and Kyron are going right at the same time in in in drafts. Who would you take? I'd take Derrick Henry. Just because you can say Tractor Cito. Yeah. It's, you can also watch Baltimore games. It'll be really fun. Yeah, I get that. The Bengals. I told you t Higgins is going in the fifth. Tyler Boyd isn't there anymore. T Higgins is going to go off in the fifth round. That is everything.


Oh. How do we think Zach Moss is gonna do there? Good. Why do you like your voice went up like three Octaves. Yeah. I don't really, I mean, I think Chase Brown, the backup's probably more explosive. Zach Moss would probably get the goal line carries. We're Gonna stay away from You're very intuitive there. That was a good pick them As well. I tried to give you a good, but you, you, you sniffed that right out. Okay. And a FC North. I wanna apologize to you guys 'cause I think you guys were on the right side of history here last season. I really was sort of hot on Deshaun Watson and you guys were Yeah. Upset about it because of his pervert indiscretion. We Have morals on our team. Yeah. Yeah. And I was trying to convince you otherwise. So like I, I re-listened to it and I was on the wrong side of history.


Like, you don't wanna be def I was kind of defending him. You don't wanna do that. I don't defend that sort of behavior. I'm really against it. So we're not gonna draft any Browns this season. Nick Chubb late. Not Nick Chubb late I his injury. Man. Do you remember that last season? No. It was pretty gnarly. But I tell you if he's there in like the eighth, ninth round Maybe. What about Amari Cooper? He is not starting. So we could do that IR trick where we trapped him. I'm just saying if he's around and you're like, oh, we're gonna pick a backup running back somewhere. Yeah. Take A flyer on Nick Chubb. All Right.


No receivers there. 'cause it's like Amari Cooper, Elijah Moore, Jerry Judy. We're not doing that. Pittsburgh. Absolutely no one. Yeah, no one. I mean name, name a receiver on Pittsburgh. George Pickens o other than George Pickens. That's it. Pat Friar move. They don't have Deontay, right? No. Deontay is gone. He's gone. He's on, I think he's in Carolina. Yeah, he is. Yeah. I Heard they were gonna get Iuk. But that's from Jersey. Jerry Najee cancels out Jalen Warren. So we're and Rus Wilson. I mean, who's starting there? Like who is starting there? Probably Russ. Probably Russ And. it probably won't go very great. They have Van Jefferson and Que Watkins and Scotty Miller of Bucks fame.


Let's go to the A FC West. 'cause you guys are gonna cut out one of these divisions. I know you are. No, no, no. The Chiefs. We're gonna take Pacheco in the second if we can get him. Wow. 'cause Gerard McKinnon isn't there. He's gonna get all those, he's gonna get all those touches. He's another fun guy to watch when you're watching and you're gonna get to watch fun games with the teams. Oh yeah. And so you want somebody on that team to root for. Oh, and Pacheco starts doing his run where he is like stomping through quick. It's, it's great. Yeah. Oh man. We're I, I'm a PMT guy. You guys know that. We Know that. We very much know that. I don't go on other sports podcasts. I don't do it. Have you been invited? I don't do it.


Has anyone tried to to kind of cut you? I wouldn't go. But Have you been invited? I wouldn't go. Okay. I don't talk about other lovers. I don't do it. Unlike you guys telling me in detail what you did with my wife's photo. It's fucking gross. It's crazy photos you Saying it was, it wasn't just one. That'd be crazy. Again, wasn't your wife At the time, but it is now. Right? I would never do that now. Alright, well listen, I would never go on another person's sports podcast and I would never draft draft someone who is in another sports podcast. No. Travis Kelsey on our team. I Love that. Good, good. Take a stand. We're not Doing This is the number one sports podcast.


Yes. That's it. Yep. There is no other sports podcasts. There will be no talk of that person on this. Let's make a List. Love that. Make a graphic of Jerry O'Connell's rafts for moral reasons. Deshaun Watson and Travis Kelston. Yes. And what about Henry Rugs? Yeah. I mean, but would you draft, would you draft Henry Rugs? Has he been through a trial and everything? Yeah, I think He's in prison. He's sitting in jail at this moment. Okay. But Killed a woman. I, IIII God rest everyone's souls. It was terrible Prayers for DeMar, Prayers for everyone. But has he been found guilty? He's literally sitting in jail right now. So prison. So the, okay. I didn't, I wasn't, I didn't keep up on the trial.


Yes. Prison. But I mean, look, getting back to what I was talking about, I like other, like if chicks in the, if NBA hole was like a, like a Nu the number one pod, the number two sports podcast. I wouldn't draft Huey. Especially since he didn't know I was a fucking actor. Huey. I, I, I'm, I was in the Big Bang Theory. I'm sorry man. I'm, I don't watch that show. Huey. You ever see the Heartbreaker music video with Mariah Carey? No. Oh Jesus. Guess who they asked to play the heartthrob? Jerry. Jerry. That's cool. Remember that Jerry McGuire just knows me. You know what? He just knows me as Fantasy guy. You've never seen Jerry McGuire? No. Jerry. How k That being Mariah Care's boyfriend.


It was So cool. Yeah, I tried hard man. I went for hard. Yeah. Went hard all in. How, how fun was it being in? Can't hardly wait. That was a lot of fun. Everyone was, I love that movie. Very young and attractive. Really fun. I felt like I was invited to Young Hollywood at that time. What, where? Where's Jennifer Love Hewitt these days? She was the best. I just saw her. She's in a show called Emergency 9 1 1. She plays the dispatcher. Love it. Beautiful young lady as a beautiful family. Doing great. Great. Got a new tattoo. She showed me her new tattoo. Nice. On her arm. Okay. Rashi Rice I think is a great deal in our 5, 6, 7, 8. I and I don't think his legal trouble. Oh, whoa.


He just likes to drive fast. We talked about the Morals. I don't think these legal troubles are gonna stop him from playing this DC Okay. Okay. Does he Have like eight felonies or something like that pending against him? That it'll get dropped down? Yeah. Yeah. They'll work it out. It's fine. Yeah. I just, He went back. Yeah. He was like, Hey, hand up. My bad. This is also another bummer. We're still talking about the Chiefs. You know, we spoke to my wife on this podcast If Big Cat may cut it out or supermodel something. No, we're definitely not cutting Out that part. But, you know, my wife, how do I say this is like the breadwinner in our household, which is why I had to ask her if I can borrow the money to pay you guys to get in this fantasy league.


And I love her working. It gives me time to really concentrate on fantasy. Yeah. And help you guys out with your team. That said, I, I like, I do like, like I'm so happy my wife works. That said, we are gonna draft Harrison Buck Ker. Okay. Yes. Kick her. Yes. Yes. I know. He's like, probably against, I mean, my wife working all the time and being the breadwinner, he would probably, his head would explode if he lived right in my shoes. Brett Baker maybe. And also his head would probably explode. Hearing how much you guys talked about jerking off to my wife this entire episode.


Again. Not your wife At the time. My head exploded once or twice. He couldn't handle that. Sorry. But we're gonna draft Harrison, but Okay. Butcher. He's just, he's a really good kicker. Bad at like, opinions where women stand in society. Good at kicking. I just wanna clear one thing up, Jerry. 'cause I, I don't want there to be any awkward tension. Pamela Anderson was always my one one. It's a pretty rude thing to say. I thought like my wife was like, I'm just, I'm just being, that's a respectful way to say it, but Why are you dropping, like, people who you thought are more attractive than my wife? Not me, Jerry. Well, I I wanted you to not have the visual, like the visual that you, the picture you painted.


That was mostly Pamela Anderson Picture we painted of you laying down paper, paper towels on the floors, looking Squatting with a, with a, with a animal watching A FC West. Oh, Raiders. Zamir White. I, yes, he gets a lot of hate, but you know what? I love a Raiders running back. Yeah. I just love a Raiders running back. We're gonna draft Zamir White and he's going late in the draft, so he's like an a rrb one going late. I I don't think Brock Bauers is gonna do anything. IIII keep hearing his name on radio shows. I, I just, I just, I I I mean you have any feelings about Brock Bowers?


He's catching everything. He had a good camp. Also, I feel like a a, a new head coach like Antonio Pierce, they're gonna run the football end of the show and they'll probably throw some passes. Tight ends. Yeah. I don't hate also taking Carlson from the Raiders if Buck's not there. Just because I think Antonio Pierce is gonna be a Take the points guy. Yeah. Okay. Okay. What are Carlson's views on like women in the workplace? I think he's pro, it's Cool. He's cool with it. Huh? Okay. I think Daniel Carlson, is he from Sweden? Sweden? Yeah. I think he, yeah. I feel like they're very progressive. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Super, super duper. A Lot of supermodels from there, I guess. Yeah. He's from Colorado.


Oh. But Yeah. Who's, Who's the Guy? Because I thought the same thing. I don't Know. I like, I imagined him in clogs going, it's okay that women go to work. They need to have a life as well. Yeah. It's important. I don't believe in what Harrison and, but Kche. Yeah. His dad's name's Hans. That's pretty cool. I mean, I think he just, I mean, I like the idea that he's wearing clogs to the, to Allegiant and getting ready to kick some footballs Again. Daniel Carlson, a hundred percent American, I think. Well he has a brother, right? Yeah. Neils. Neils. Yeah. And so his brother's the Swedish one. I think they both, Yeah, they're Swedes, man. They're Swedes. You know Daniel or Anders? Anders and Neils. Oh yeah. These guys are sw.


Oh, oh wait, there's Anders. Anders. Anders is the other kicker. Okay. Dude. You know, they're like Anders also born in Colorado. Big Sam blowout. Woo-hoo. All right. Over to the Chargers. You're gonna cut this all out? No, no, no. Oh. How do we feel about Gus Edwards? He gonna do anything? I Alright. Can I say something right now? Yeah. Just full disclosure, when we did the new places, new new Faces Yeah. And new places thing. I didn't realize the Chargers just took the Ravens backfield. Yeah. Gus Edwards. Yeah. And JK Dobbins. Yeah. On, on the Chargers. That's kind Of cool. Little har a little Harbaugh Swapsies. Yeah. So I am kind of high on it. I mean, late round Running back Lab McConkey.


How do we think he's gonna do Yes. Draft him. Okay. Someone Has to catch the ball. Joshua Palmer obviously is gonna be the receiver won, but we've learned that, what's his name? Can't catch Quentin Johnson. Yeah. Lab McConkey is gonna, they're gonna force feed lab McConkey. Good. Then we're gonna draft him. He's going really late. Denver. Absolutely no one. Yeah. Sorry. It just, I mean, not even like Ante who I love as a running back. It's just, I have a feeling that McLaughlin's gonna take a, that jaleel's gonna take a lot of his touches. A FC South Colt's given our 5, 6, 7, 8 wide receiver Michael Pittman's going in the seventh round.


Yep. Fell's seventh round. If Jonathan Taylor's on the board, we might have to take him. I do think, ah, man, I, I don't know why Anthony Richardson is getting drafted so High. I'm not a believer Because he runs. I know, but he hasn't, like, he's played two a game and a half. Yeah. Not only that, but So, And he's being drafted 50 slots higher than he was last season. Listen, I might get shit for this, but Anthony Richardson is an insane athlete. Has he ever been good at football? I For that one game. He was good before. Got hurt last year. He had some promise. I know, but I like Florida.


He was, it feels like he's just a forever prospect. We'll see. Oh, Breaking moves. Here we Go. Brandon, eu, Brandon Iuk. Brandon Iy. It's kind of, it's about a commander's wide receiver. Oh, Okay. John Dawson. Commanders are releasing Marvis Bryant. Right. Perfect. That is perfect. Well, my take stands. Yeah, we'll bring him back for practice If he's still there. Take, you know what, Dan Quinn's such a good guy. He's given him a shot. He's, he's given him an opportunity to sign with a roster and then, oh, that's so gross. And then when he doesn't, then we're gonna bring him back. Practice squad. That's perfect. Oh, That, that was not worthy of breaking moose. That That was, it was, it was given the context was was really funny. Yes. Really funny.


Funnier than you guys talking about what you did to your young prepubescent bodies. With a photo of my wife. It was not Prepubescent. No. That would make no sense. Decidedly that would make us weirdos Decidedly post pubescent. Yeah. I'm sorry. That got weird when I said that, that that's, that, that was weird. I shouldn't have said that. A ffc south. Thanks for not making a weird joke. Yeah, Jacksonville. I'm just worried about their offense. I'm not taking anybody there. I'm worried about that. I offense. Yeah. I just think it's gonna, I I just don't think they're gonna have a good year. Like Etti End goes really early. I'm gonna try and pass on him unless he falls on our lap. I'm not worried about Tank.


Bigsby. Bigsby, everybody says he gets touches. Houston Texans, all of them. Every single one of them. This is their year. CJ Stroud I think is really like, he's going in like the fourth, fourth, fifth round. He's going after Anthony Richardson. This is it. Stefan Digs is being drafted in like the eighth round. Stefan fucking digs. Yeah. Tank D is in the seventh round. Nico Nico's going earlier, but like, I, I just think, I think Joe Mixon is gonna be that goal line. Yep. Passing back. That's, he, you know, that man catches like 90% of the passes that come his way. I'm all in on the Texans, the Titans.


The only one that interests me is Tony Pollard. And that's only because I live like two years ago when we came in second. He was such a disaster in Dallas last year for him. What was up with him? Was he injured or something? Tony Pollard. I don't, I mean, he's the only player there. You think Will Levi will have a bounce back season. I, I don't dunno. If you can call it bounce Back. I mean, do you think he'll have a good season? I Think he'll be okay. And with defenses, we're just gonna stream. Meaning we're just gonna pick up each week. Whoever's playing the Patriots. Bing bang. I like that. That's a good strategy for defense, by the way. That's It guys. That's ev that's what we're gonna do with fantasy.


I'm gonna wire you some money. I might have to, I have a debit card. I might have to like somehow debit it to you. We Can do a payment plan. Well, no away. Maybe My wife gave me a debit card, so I'll just figure out a way to just get it to you somehow. Maybe Zelle. Okay. Yeah, we can, we can make it work. I like your strategy this year. Oh good. So who are the, who are the guys that we're targeting that you're standing on the table for? Who are the, the Justin Fields and Okay. The Darren Wallers of this year. So it's funny because we have the first pick in the draft right now. Currently when it comes back around to us in the second round, pretty much all the really, like the, the tier one running backs are gone.


So we get one tier one running back and Christian Caffery. Then we gotta take Josh Allen at the end of that. Okay. Just 'cause he's there. If he's not there for some reason, we're taking Jalen Hertz. Okay. Max. Love it. Thank you. Then for our third pick, we're taking La Porta. If he's there, somebody could get weird and take him at the end of the second or McBride. Okay. Then depending on who's in wide, who's in our fourth round, we're taking Devonta Smith.


Or if there's a really good running back up there, like Samir White, who could be in the fourth round, or Joe Mixon who could still be hanging around. Okay. And then fifth, sixth, seventh. We're taking all just wide, wide, wide receivers. All those guys I mentioned, love Stefon Diggs. Not Watson, not Jayden. Reed Aze is gonna be there. Yes. I mean, it's gonna be really, I, I just, I I, you know, we're at an agent fantasy where everyone takes wide receivers in those first two rounds. Yep. And I just think all the good running backs are gone. And like, you get the, those, those tier one running backs and tier one quarterbacks and tier one tight ends.


And I think we can, I think we can wait a little bit for, for what? Wide wide receiver. I like that little zig on the zag. Yeah. Zag on the zig. Well, Jerry Love the fantasy preview. Yeah. Last question. Sure. Oh, Is it,


is it a Rollback Question? It is a Rollback question. How'd you know? R-H-O-B-A-C-K-R-H-O-B-A-C-K. Pro Code Pro Promo code. Promo code take Yep. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos. Hoodies, joggers, shorts, sweat or sorry, bathing suits. Very comfortable. Bathing suits. Cool. Rollback dot com promo code. Take my last question. The Rollback question.


Yeah. Have you prepared anything for anyone here? You know, I have for those, Huey, this is your first time having me on as a guest. You should really, you should check out Kangaroo Jack. You should check out science fiction film. I did Mission to Mars. I've, I've been in some stuff. I've Crossing Jordan. Crossing Jordan. I Plan on watching a couple movies. We love that. Yeah. It's Good stuff. But you probably also don't know I, aside from being a fantasy expert, I'm also a, a little bit of a poet and I like to write poems for, for cast members here.


That part of my take and this poem, my, my Rollback poem is for, is for Hank hanky. Hanky. Hanky to the man of many championships. The man of many cities. Hanky, hanky, hanky to the man who would rather play golf than go playing with those big, soft titties. Good choice. Hanky. Hanky. Hanky. How's your summer been? We've all heard it's going Pretty swell. Hanky, hanky, hanky. Capped off by getting to ring that stupid, useless bell.


Elevator ride was fun. Hanky, hanky, hanky. This summer has given you purpose. This summer has given you a reason. Hanky. Hanky. Hanky. Will you be asked to ring that stupid, useless bell during the regular season? Mm. Preseason don't mean shit. Ask Max, hanky, hanky, hanky. This summer. You seem to check all the boxes on all of your lists. Hanky, hanky, hanky, topped off by that image of you at the top of Foxborough pumping your tiny little fists. How many pumps you get? Huh? Hanky, hanky, hanky. You would think that all these accomplishments would finally impress me. Hanky, hanky, hanky. Even If. you were less nervous than the very brave Kenny Ney he wrote up in the elevator.


You were brave. Hanky. Hanky, hanky. Yes. Climbing to the top of that lighthouse would make most people quiver. Hanky, hanky, hanky. Even if from all the way up there, you still can't see the Ponson river. Mm. The trees are in the way. Hanky, hanky, hanky. None of us are used to all this winning and all these victorious aromas. Hanky, hanky, hanky. Although you did take one L and her name is Tiffany Gomez. You blew it. Hanky. Hanky. Hanky. Here's to hope. When you have a great fall with victories and many of vacay, hanky, hanky, hanky. Even If. you won't acknowledge the freedom and sovereignty of Taipei.


Yami. Bing bong. So hanky, hanky. Hanky. We honor you this summer and all your aura and all your might. Hanky, hanky, hanky. For the summer of 2024. You were our keeper of the light. Yes. Beautiful. Great Poem as always. Love you guys. Jerry O'Connell. You're the best. We love you so much. Thank you so much. And I can't wait to see the up. I can't wait to see our team and I can't wait to see where we go with this. We gotta win. Your wife said we have to win, so we gotta win. Jerry, what do you wanna plug you Guys? Oh yeah, plug. Anything. You wanna plug Charles in charge?


I was in Charles in charge with little Scott Beo. I was in an episode of that. Yeah. Huey. No, I got another plug. Okay. Nothing. I wanna say hi to the Awls. I love them. Keep it coming tv. We can't watch it on tv. Oh, I host a show called Pictionary a game show. I'm in a show called The Talk on CBS. This is broadcast tv so it's It's on, yeah, it's, no, I have nothing to put. I'm on Yelp. I leave good reviews for places if I go someplace. Love It. Check out yours Yelp account. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, well Jerry, thanks so much. You're the best.


Jerry O'Connell was brought to you by our great friends over at BLUECHEW have better sex with BLUECHEW. BLUECHEW is the original brand offering chewable tablets. These erection enhancing tablets help men achieve stronger, harder, longer lasting erections for sexual activities. And it's all done. From the comfort of your home with BLUECHEW, say goodbye to performance anxiety. Hello. To stronger, longer lasting erections. These chewable tablets have the same active ingredients that you'd find in Viagra, Cialis, and La Vitra. But it's in a chewable form and it's a fraction of the cost. BLUECHEW is all about having confidence when it comes time to perform and having ha happy and healthy relationships. BLUECHEW subscriptions include a free online consultation, 24 7 medical support and delivery straight to your door every single month. Chew it and do it If. you want more confidence in the bedroom? Use code PMT Get your first month for free. First month free with code PMT at BLUECHEW dot com. Check them out. Thank you to BLUECHEW for sponsoring the pod.


Okay, let's wrap up. Hank credit To us for not making any jokes about Jerry's wife during that whole thing. Yes, Very above board. It's also, that's why I love Jerry because every now and then I'm like, wait, did we go too far? And then he'll just like one up us with something else where he'll be like, yeah, I looked into Romo. Doe's Mom? Yeah. It's like, okay, okay. Henry FAQs. If Big Cat and PFT were in an empty room with all the podcast equipment, unassembled, cameras, mic take to play, et cetera, how long would it take them to a question record? An entire episode. What? Oh, record. What a question. We could, I think we could record If. you gave us four hours.


We might have to do this, but Now uploading It. No phones either, obviously. Yeah, Uploading It and publishing it would be different. We might have to do this But record it. I think we could do it. Someone asked us this at camp. I think memes just added it to it. He Did. Oh this is memes y. Yeah, this, this is, this is, this is a memes. Listener submitted question. Memes. It's FAQ memes Or FAQ. Yeah. Actually Hank, why don't you tell us what you think. I think we gotta do this. I think pf t's inclination because he has some experience with recording equipment's, probably correct that you could record it but you would not be able to edit and upload it.


It Would also take us a long time to record. But Actually PFT can use iMovie too. Like you I I I think it would take a long time. And it. I Can Or whatever. You, you, you've made songs like the things you use to make. What's that? Yeah, it's like all the recording software, garage Band, All the recording software is like kind of similar I think. I think you could eventually be able to record audio. Did the guys who were here yesterday giving out free stuff, are they sponsoring us in anything? Not us, but the office. Can they sponsor us in something They can't do? Like hypothetically a live stream of us using their product and then trying to accomplish the Task.


Yes. A yes. We do a live stream of us using their product. Yeah, that something you can show us using their product. Right. So we use their product, then we come in here, it's a weed company. Then we come in here, we have to build it and we live stream us building it and then we, we end the live stream and whatever we end up recording, we put at the end of a show. That'd be great. Alright. I feel like you guys would just be calling for like, you would find a way to be like, I can't do this call for help. We are allowed to use our phones to Google, Right? No, No. I, I like You Google. Google. I think we should be Allowed to Google. No, I don't Do a computer. Computer with Google. But even, no, So you guys would still upload, but we would have to record it. We put at the end of it, it'd be a PardonMyTake, my bake at the end of the episode. Actually, it'd be funny, If, you guys, if Max and Hank were sitting in here and you guys couldn't help us, but you watched us.


I kind of, I, because I don't trust Anyone else. You can read my eyes. Yeah, I was thinking that like if it was, if we had like Foli or Zoo, like they would just end up telling you what To do. So Yeah. You big cat's a great, yeah. Like he can, he will, he will finesse people to that What he needs. What do you mean? Are we saying that we're gonna use the same equipment that we do right now? Are you saying that we, we go in with the Computer, our Travel. Travel. Yeah, I know. I think travel, you'd be better off. I think If, you had to use this computer. Yeah. And We have to do video too, But, but PFT can use like PII would be confident with F ability to use the travel recording where we, we were high. So let's try to get a sponsorship deal Put so many sick filters. But let's do, this Would be so funny.


So funny. And live stream. And then you, and then we cut. Yeah. But what if They do, what if they do really well, max? I'm looking it more as a PMT V. Okay. We do p mt but we cut it at the end. We cut at the end. So people didn't have to listen to what comes out. Right, right, Right, right. Because who knows what comes out. Could just be us not talking for 20 minutes or, or if it sounds like absolute shit. Right. Yeah. That would be funny. It's a buzz. Massive buzz. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Great question. And we should do it. Good question. Memes. Hey. PMT. When looking at the upcoming football season, what would be a shame if it happened? Oh geez. I mean there's so many shames out there. There's a lot of shames. I don't wanna do the shames, but we gotta do the shames.


I mean, we know the shame, we'll say this, this isn't about football. It would be a shame if memes died via suicide bombing. That would, it would be a shame. That would be a shame. The first five plays of the jet season. It's Gonna be incredible. It would be a shame. It'd be incredible. Listen, it'd be a shame if anyone, any of our guys got hurt. Let's just hope for a healthy football season. Knock on wood, that would be a shame. It would also, it'd be a shame if someone's quarterback in here, they kind of opened their eyes and were like, he's not good anymore. Yeah, it'd Be, you Guys don't even know We're talking about you. Senior quarterback. We're I not talking about you? I have Jalen Hertz.


14 to one win. MVP. It'd be a shame if After you didn't take that if after like No, I didn't Take it. I know. Five, six games. It was apparent that Kevin Stefanski wasn't the guy. Excuse me. Not Kevin. Wait, Not Kevin. Not Not. I didn't mean to say that. I meant We love Kevin Stefan, The other, I meant to say the other guy whose name is and I, Nick Siri. Oh, That is more like Kevin Stefanski. iss a very, He's he's the guy. I like him. Coach. No, I'm back on Nick Sirianni. I'm back in on sir. Oh you are? Yeah. Why? Italians gotta stick together. Yeah. No, at the start of New Year, we got good guys around them. We got good vibes going into the year. Listen, I hope that the Eagles are good and I do mean that Max.


I know that. You probably think what You think I'm fucking with you. No. You want them to be, to be good enough. Correct. To, Yeah. Correct. That's what everyone should always be rooting for. It's what I say when I do the Doug Stream where I'm like, you don't want me to lose in the regular season. You want me to lose in the playoffs. That's when it's maximum pain. So I want the Eagles to be good, but if they're not, which would be a shame. It's gonna get weird with Nick Sirianni. Very weird. He doesn't feel like someone is gonna control that Well because they Basically hired two assistant teachers for him Yeah. To come in. Yeah. Like you can't handle the classroom. Yeah. Good question. But bad question. It would, it would be a shame if Jordan Love won MVP High Tall. That would be a Shame.


It'd be a shame. High tall guy. PFT, father of three, Big, Cat, captain Hank and Meatball Max. We all know the odd jobs. PFT has worked before the pod. Who anyone else on the pod has worked a job not remotely close to what you guys are doing now? All of my jobs before the Fall. Yeah. All of my jobs too. I worked as a caterer. I worked as a, I actually, for a while there I did focus groups. Did you guys ever do that? Yeah. Those are fun. I got paid like 200 bucks to like try shit out was awesome. And you just Fuck with people Too? Yeah. Yeah. I did. I did. The worst job I had was, I was the guy who would call you when you're sitting down to dinner asking you to donate to the University of Wisconsin.


That was bad. So my hours were literally like five to 8:00 PM and I would just sit there at a phone and just, I'd have to call like a hundred people in a row. That sucked. Bad Cold calls are so hard to do. Yeah. I was a shift manager at a valet parking company. Oh, that was my, you look like a valet Parker. Yep. Yeah, I did that for four years. You were always running, right? Yeah. You run a, you run a lot at valet actually. Well, not when I, you do that early. Once you become a manager, all you do is ticket and then hand off and then hand off the tickets to the runners. That's, Yeah. That's what you gotta do. So wait, when when people would bring in stick shifts, what would you do?


I, I couldn't do stick shift also, do you get paid More If? you could Delegate. That's what you delegate as the shift manager? Delegate. Delegate the, the stick shift thing. Of course. Another thing that Sounds like you might have tried to Drive the Stick shift. If. you If, you have a stick shift. Do not ever give it to a valet. So yeah. So you definitely tried to drive the stick shift. Yeah. You definitely, sometimes. I don't even know if I should be saying this. Yeah, say It. What statute Of limitations? Like sometimes there's like private parties. Sometimes there's private parties where like someone will, like, they valet and then you know that they're not coming out for like six hours because they like can't leave the event early. If someone has a stick shift at every site I worked at, there was one person who tried to teach everyone else how to drive a stick.


I Love it. Yeah. There was like five times there with somebody's random car who went into the thing. I like learned, learned how to drive a stick shift enough to like move it from like point A to point B. Love that. Just on some random person's car. I love that. I love that. What, what was the policy like if at the end of the night somebody came out, asked for the keys back and they, you could tell they were, they should not be driving. That's on the restaurant. That's not on us. Here you go, sir. Yeah. That, that, that that's a thing that, yeah. We, we were told they were like, that's on the restaurant to be to, to tell them whether or not they can drive the wor The worst part is sometimes you would lose a key If, you lose a key. That's an awkward conversation. Yeah. Did you lose a key?


I was never a manager of a shift where someone lost a key, but I was, I had been a runner in one and it's super awkward. Like the manager has to drive the person home has to offer. This may have been before the one that I remember may have been before. Like Uber was very like Ubiquitous. Prevalent. Yeah. So the person drove the, the, the person home to get their spare key. You have to brought them back. Offer. Yeah. And then they have, and then obviously the company would pay for, I'm sorry Mr. O'Connell, but I seem to have lost your key. Yeah. One of the home, One of the craziest ones is that memes was an accountant. Yeah. I mean, No, but we don't talk about It looks Like an account.


You did cold calling too or something, didn't You? I've had so many jobs. I worked at Burger King, Panera Bread, cheesecake Factory, Ruby, Tuesday, UPS. How bad were you at these jobs? No, no. They were all like quick summer job. Okay. Like one month demolition. That rock car Worked. I worked, I worked manual labor where I literally was not skilled enough to do anything but dig the trenches. Yeah. Like I just dig ditches all summer. I did tree work where I just picked up the, the, the branches that fell after someone like cut down a Tree. Yeah. I just, I dug holes and got made fun of in Spanish for an entire summer. Yeah. Cold calling was not, not fun. I, No cold calling is by far the worst. 'cause you just all, you're just like, I would call and if a successful night would be getting one donation an hour, which would be like 50 calls.


Yeah. You have to be a real sicko. People who are really good at cold calling. Really good at sales. Oh, you have to be fucked in the head. It really sucked. Yeah. 'cause you have to be able to say, okay, 39 people hang up on me. Doesn't matter. Yeah. One person I get to talk to for five minutes, that's a win. I think my job's around Brando's, little league umpire, taco Bell drive through stock shelves. Dishwasher, bus boy cook. Landscaper does dishwasher. Oh right. Prep cook, regular cook. I applied to be a busboy at a company that said, we need you to, we need cooks. Can you cook? I said, sure. And they never trade me. Yeah. And I just started working in the kitchen.


Just put you I love that. I love that. Yeah. And I was like working the fry later, which was easy. But then there was one guy got fired, one guy got the head cook, got fired in real time for saying inappropriate stuff to a waitress that walked by like got Insta fired. And then I had to finish the shift. Oh my God. As the head chef with no experience. I love That. That's a great episode. But it was a sports bar. Yeah. It was a sports bar. Being a caterer sucked too. Just walking around just hoping that people would take your like If, you get like stuffed mushrooms or something. You're just fucked the What About little league umpire? What was your strike three call? I could strike three. 'cause I was, I was a demon little league umpire. I was fast. 'cause like my friend was the one that would assign the ump. So he like always assign me and my two friends and we would just power through, honestly, in hindsight was a lot of The one job.


And I was like telling the catchers too, like, and the batters, like, they're like, swing buddy. I was A soccer ref for like four years, Was a basketball ref. And then it turns out that the guy that was in charge of assigning all the assignments for soccer refs, who I ref with all the time as like a linesman. He got busted by the ccia Whoa. For being a pedophile. Ooh. Yeah. And then, and then I was like, he never, he never came on to me. Whoa. I was a basketball ref and I 100% it was like fifth graders. I 100% like called against kids. I didn't like, like if they like cried or like were a little boisterous. I just, I, I'd foul 'em out right away.


I, I ref the one year I was in college, I did intramural roughing and I watched, I still think about it all the time. It makes me laugh. Even though it was terrific for the kid. I knew him. Tip wide open layup kid goes to do the wide open layup tears. His ACL. Oh, I thought he was faking it. Oh. Because he was, it was, no one was even near him. It was like, you know, a free tip just, you know, make the layup and he comes down and goes in the ground just screaming in pain. And everyone kind of took a second to be like, is he joking? Oh. And he tore his ACL was on crutches for the rest of the Do you guys have jobs that you tried to get that didn't get that? You're like, wow, that was good that I didn't get that Museum of Science. Oh, What'd you done there? The, when I was applying for Baral, I had a family connection, the Museum of Science to do video production for the butterfly exhibit.


Ooh. Ooh. That would've been nice. Yeah. I had, I would've not worked here. I got to my, I got to my second interview in medical sales that they basically were like, you either had to be hot. Yeah. A hot girl or a college athlete. Like played football at college. And I think about that every now and then where I'm like, I would've 100% just been selling opioids and been like, what? It's money. Yeah. So that was good. I didn't get that because that was like the timeline lines up where I've been like, yeah, it's fine. I applied to work for Bleacher Report in 2011 and they said they sent me the, the meanest rejection email. Like quite it was, it said like, quite frankly a column like this is something we would never allow to appear on any of our sites.


Fuck 'em. Yeah. I gotta look that one up. I had, I was a production intern for the, I applied to be a production intern for the flyers interview. Went really well. I was still in school and the guy called me, he was like, we want you to take the job but can you take this? Basically asking can you take this semester off? 'cause the other guy like Drexel gives people a semester off so he could do five days a week and I can only do three. And I, and I was, I remember I was so upset. I was like, I can't just like take Flyers Max. Yeah. Would've been awesome. Dream question Here. Here's my rejection letter from Bleach Report. Just found it. Your post included offensive language such as Min, such as mentioning of the Aryan race.


It was about Bruce Aryans. Thanks once again, we apologize for not notifying you sooner. Below is a copy of your post for your own records. This is something that we would not allow on any of our sites. Whoops. Damn. How are they doing now? They're pretty good. Yeah. Okay. Do we have any others? I'll tell that one. There's some good questions. Yeah, that was A good one. Yeah, good question. The main issue coming away from writing sample is that you were missing several things. For one, your points were not backed up with any supporting information or analysis at The point. Simply stating a coach's win-loss record is not enough. You need to actually back those opinions up. Nope. Any gra anything about the grammar, This is assumption.


It comes to no backing in all honesty is sentences like this that our content moderation teams would not let on our site. We'd rather have you produce an article that is based on results losers and more importantly, the situation around Chuck Ano is a sensitive subject. Oh, that's great. All right. Perfect. Let's do numbers. 17 3 56 11. Whoa. Max 38. Switch it up. Switch It up. PFT. Have you ever gotten this 21? How does This machine, how does that feel? It feels great. I Love it. 'cause I'm about to get number 8 78 not to be close.


78 Now. it stinks. Love you guys.