
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon My Take. It is Finals Preview day. We have our good friend Ryan Lan, to talk about the NBA Finals, getting you ready for Thursday night. And our good friend Keith Yandel, talking about the Stanley Cup final getting ready for tonight. So we're ready to go with both finals. We're gonna do some hot seat Cool throne. We have listener submitted FAQs. The Knicks needed new head coach,


and it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA finals are finally here. And this is your last shot to win some real cash before the season ends. The simplest way to get in on the action. Downloading the Pick six app from DraftKings. It's crazy simple. Just pick more or less on the stats for two or more of your favorite players. And boom, you're in the mix for big cash prizes. No gimmicks, no weird rules, just ball, nail your picks and you're heating up. Pick six brings upside with payouts up to 500 times ready to make your finals run. Pick six is live in a ton of states, Texas, Cali, Georgia, Missouri, and lots more. And get this all new. Pick six customers will instantly get $50 in bonus picks on just a $5 entry so you don't miss out your LA sorry. Don't miss your last shot. To win some cash, this NBA season download the DraftKings Pick six app right now and use code take. That's code Take New customers play $5, get 50 in bonus picks instantly. Ride the upside only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age in eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. None available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdraw. Pick six bonus picks that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer terms at pick six dot at DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, Let's go Football. Yeah. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings.


Don't miss your last shot To win some cash, this NBA season download the DraftKings Pick six app right now and use code. Take. That's code. Take New customers, play $5, get 50 and bonus picks instantly. Ride the upside only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, June 4th. And Tibs, you fired. See ya. You fired. So see you Tibs. That was the news that we had today. Tom Thibo out as Nick's head coach after one of their best seasons in the last their best season. 25 years. 25 years. Is that Jay Wright's music? I think I hear Jay Wright. What do you think? Jay Wright. So here's the thing about Jay Wright. He's a great college coach. The guys that they have on the Knicks right now, I don't know that they would get along. Mm. With Jay Wright? Mm, I can't see that working. Mm. Like Jaylen Brunson. Do you think that Jay Wright is capable of getting the best outta him after what we saw in these Playoffs?


That's a good question. I don't know. Max Jay Wright to the Knicks. In What world would that combination work? Max? This is bad national sports podcasting right here. This is, this is the first name that everyone, that he has as many connections to a team as you could possibly have outside of which I would think it would be very funny if Knicks just hired Rick Brunson to be their coach. So outside Rick Brunson, he has more connections, deeper connections than anyone else out there in the coaching pool. Jay Wright as the Nick's head coach would be fantastic. Max. He doesn't wanna coach. He doesn't wanna coach. He Doesn't wanna coach. Why not?


He's, he's retired. He's retired from coaching. I don't know how many times the guy has to say he is retired from coaching. Oh Man. I want people never change their mind. I want it so bad now. He's Not. I just watched the Brett Favre documentary the other day. People changed their mind. Yeah. And people are scumbags. Not Jay Wright. No. Yeah. Oh, you know who would be a good fit too, if we're just gonna toss names out there. Patino. Oh. Doesn't have to move. Rick Patino doesn't Have to move. Patino patino, Patino patino. No, it is it, it might be a lesson from Tibs that maybe flying too close to the sun can be a bad thing. Yeah. Like they, they accomplished a lot this season. Right. It was a great season. We, we established that on PMT that this season was not a disappointment for the Knicks.


Nope. But then you get that far and then people start asking questions. Is this the guy that can even get us farther? Yeah. Tip tips is also, he, he's kind of, he's kind of like a Harbaugh. He's a long loss Harbaugh brother where he's just so obsessed with, with the sporty coaches and really more Jim, not John. 'cause John's been there for, or sorry, John. Yeah, John's been there forever with the Ravens. But remember when like the 49 ERs and Jim Harbaugh split up. They're just like, this guy's a really good coach. What's happening? It's like sometimes you just run outta gas here. This has happened to Tibs in Chicago, Minnesota, and now New York, Minnesota, a little different. Although people were making the joke that Kat has gotten him fired twice.


Very mean joke. Yeah. Very mean. But yeah, maybe it's a run it, it's run its course kind of firing because Tom Diviau is a basketball mastermind. He is pushing his guys very hard. He's so addicted to the game. He was engaged to be married and broke it up six weeks before the marriage when he was like 24 and said, nah, honey, it's basketball. And then he's never been engaged since. Yeah. So, I mean, this is what Tibs does. He will play starters, he will play them long minutes. He'll exhaust them and then he'll make people that are watching the games second guess every small move that he makes, because he very rarely does make these little tinkers to his lineup. So when he does do something, then everyone's like, he's making the wrong choice.


Yeah. And then you have to blow it up. I Uses his challenge too early. We, I mean, we've said it a million times, but if you're a coach of a professional team, you, you just can't mess up the small things because idiots like us sitting on the couch. We can't, we can't tell you. Oh, well they should have run a different set in this situation. But we can tell you, Hey, dumb challenge, dude. I am. How do you not have a timeout here? Yeah. We're really good at watching sports on tv, which is something that you'd never do. You don't watch your own games on TV as a coach. Yeah. You watch the film afterwards, but you miss a lot of the stuff that we see. He's a great coach. I don't know if he's gonna coach next season. He might just be an analyst. He might be on TV somewhere.


TM on TV would be Great. Might have him doing a podcast. I I, I don't know. But this does feel like a move that the Knicks would make knowing that they've got a guy that they want. Yeah. Can, can I throw out something for, for, for Tibs? Maybe a trip to Turkey, maybe coach in Turkey, Maybe a, maybe a coach in Turkey. Trip to Turkey. Get the new hair, come back a different guy. Is He going bald? Just a little. Like, I think it's one of those situations that if they catch it now Yeah. It won't get bad. Nobody Will ever know that he was balding. If he leaves, If he waits five years, it might be a situation where he does actually get bald. So Yeah, if you get the camera angle on TV from the stands that shows the bald spot, the tiny bald spot on the, on the crown of his head, that would be a bad look for him.


Yeah. So I don't want it to get to that place. Memes, Nick's fan. How are we feeling? Sad, happy, angry, J Right. You pick, those are the emotions that any n those are pretty much the four. You could be either sad, happy, angry, or J Right. I'm in the sad Category. Okay. Not in the J Right. Will you get to the J? Right. I'm moving, I'm moving towards the J. Right. Okay. Nice. That's kind of how it goes. Don't, don't Cry Because it's over smile. Because it happened. Yeah. I mean, I do feel like Jay Wright is the perfect fit, Right? Yeah. Yeah. I would say So. Fits like a nice t tailored Italian suit. That's a shame. He doesn't wanna coach anymore.


He Is, he is built for the Bright Lights in New York City. Wouldn't you as a Villanova fan wanna see him reunite with the Villanova players? Yes. Seriously. I'm just saying he doesn't want to coach anymore. Oh. You Know. Oh. But You know, do you, but would you be happy if you Yes. You're speaking for him. Coach for the Knicks. Oh wow. You'd be happy. Huh? You'd be happy if he coached the Knicks. He doesn't want to coach. That was Not the Question. Oh, wow. So J Wright can't even, you know what, would You be happy if he was the coach for the Knicks? No. Okay. I I, you know what I'm actually gonna say, Jay Wright probably shouldn't be the coach for the Knicks because Max is the one who has to talk for him. Jay Wright can't even speak anymore. Yeah. Max. Where where are you getting this information from? From him? He's ev this happens every single time. There's a coaching vacancy.


Everyone screams. Jay Wright Says, has it ever happened? Every time I don I don't want To coach anymore. Question, question, question. Has it ever happened for a job where, what three four of his, three of his players are flourishing in the professional league and also for a job that he has said on a certain little podcast named, Pardon My Take That if he had to pick any job in the NBA, it would be the New York say that Erroneous Didn't force him to say it. Yes. Erroneous He Did. No, We didn't. Wait. He not a grown man. Play A clip. Play the clip. Play the clip. Hold up. Play the clip. Put the Clip in this podcast. Max Paul, pull the clip. He's smashing. We Didn't even do gun to his Head. No, we didn't at all. We didn't even have guns at that time in Our career.


It was in New York. We Got guns. I actually did have a gun. Yeah. You At that time you did have a Gun. I didn an illegal, illegal gun in your, I forgot about Gun. Yeah. Okay. This is us, Jay, right? What NBA team would you like to coach? Kind of kidding. The Knicks. Okay. OJ right To the Knicks? Yes. Okay. Huh? Nothing like that's the square cardinal. He just said that he pulled that one out himself. All right. You wanna make a bet on this podcast? No, I don't like to gamble. That's what I thought. I, I would make a bet. Soul Patch. No. Oh. So you don't already Bet already. You already have a Soul Patch. Put Your money where your mouth is Max.


Put the money where the mouth is, max Bitch. Either way, we're, we're ready for the finals. I'm ready for the finals to Start. I'm too, I'm too, it does. I feel bad. I don't feel bad for Pacers fans. You're got a great team. You're in the finals. What a year for you so far. But it does seem like everyone's just taking a giant dump on the Pacers before the series gets started. Yeah, It's hard. The thunder are just so good. It's not like a dump on the Pacers. It's more The thunder are so good. Yeah. Hank, Hank, you picked I would love S on this podcast. Yeah. Are you gonna pick the Pacers? Nah. I know. That's kind of how I I That's ex you're, you're, the way you said that is exactly how I feel.


Where it's like, I've enjoyed watching the Pacers so much this run, and I want to pick 'em, but God damnit The thunder is so good. It feels like the Celtics series last year. Except the, the Mavericks were better than the Pacers. Like people were a little bit higher on the Mavericks and they got, Were the Thunder better than the Celtics last year? This thunder, those Celtics? No, no. It'd be close. I forgot. It would be good matchup. It'd be a match. Match would be a good matchup Guy, guy. It'd be a good matchup. But it just, I almost go. Got him going back to Guy Forgot. You know who This guy, you thought about it for a Second. Great team. Reminds me of is is the Celtics. Is that wrong though?


I I'm gonna allow you to say it like you had a great team last year. I don't know the pieces would be, the Pacers are really good. They Are. That's what I'm saying. People, you know Luke at Dan, like there was, there was, there was some hype for the m that got blown out. I feel like there's less hype. There's less hype for the the Pacers. And it's just gonna be, they might win one big boy stick. They're gonna lose in five. Yeah. Yeah. Is a gentleman sweep if they win the, the third game of the series, the fourth game, third game? No, they win the fourth game of the series. So it goes three one. I always Assu, I always thought, well, general Sweep is four. One overall Four one overall. But I, I always thought it was the whatever, whichever one. It's the, the home team kills 'em. First two games, go back to the other, other arena.


They give up the third game or fourth game, one or the other. And then it's Over. I think by the letter of the law, it's the fourth game. It is. Okay. But I, I feel very comfortable saying it's the third game too. Yeah. Either One, one of those games where it's like, I, I consider the Thunder Gentleman Sweep. They gentleman gentlemanly swept the Timberwolves. Yeah. That felt like a gentleman sweep. Yeah. I think it's, I might put money on, on a Gentleman Sweep five game series. Yeah. Yeah. I would like Pacers in five. I would, that would be good. Pacers In five. I might go both. Yeah. Gentleman sweep one way. The other just end ended in five. Mike parlay it. Both of them. No, I think That Who what about, what about the, the Mount Rushmore Parlay? Just both teams sweep.


Yeah. Just getting to Mount Rushmore season as fast as Possible. See that's why I want this series to, I want, I want sports to keep going for as long as possible. Yeah. I know baseball's here. Baseball's very much here. We can talk baseball. But it does feel like, you know, when when you have the NBA and the NHL going to me, it also kind of feels still like an extenuation of the NFL and football season because they overlapped. Yeah. So once we get done with this, then we've, we've really turned the page. Now We're in NFL season. No man's lens. Yeah. Waiting for it. Thunder and six. That's my Official. I got Thunder and five. Thunder and five. What do you got Hank Thunder and five Max.


What do you have? Thunder Pacers or J Wright? Not J Wright. I have. Okay. Pacers in seven. Pacers in seven. Why would, why do you hate the, the notion of your favorite coach ever getting a job? That's a lot of honor with some of your favorite players ever. I can't, I don't understand it. It's crazy. He said he doesn't want to coach anymore. No, But that, I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about why you hate the idea of your all time favorite guy making money. I he's a ha he, you don't want him to be happy right now. He's happy. I want him To be happy. He's happy with his life. I want him be as happy as Possible. Want he wants right now. He's happy. Okay. Let's say we're in a world world where Jay Wright absolutely.


He, he would love this Nick's job. It would make him so happy. But it wouldn't. But what if it did? What if it made him so happy? It Wouldn't, it wouldn't like So Happy. He would just come back to coach for Villanova. Okay. At the same time. Sure. If that were the could, if, if could, if Both if could be Vi Nova and the Knick coach at the same time. Wait, but you Wouldn't want him to come back to Villanova? 'cause he is happy right now. Yeah. 'cause you wouldn't want, yeah. You wouldn't want him to Coach. No. Then he wouldn't have to move. He had, he'd have to move to New York. That's a whole thing. It's the whole thing so far Billy new So Far. So far. Yeah. No. Who would do that? Yeah, So Far he posted, he posted a picture at a bar at a nice little music bar in my hometown on Sunday.


And He's happy. So the, so here's a guy that lives near Philly. He likes going out drinking with the boys. And you think in no world would somebody that lives in that town that likes to drink ever move to New York Max. He likes he's happy. He's happy where he is. He's happy. Okay. He's happy. You guys don't want him to be happy.


By the way, for game one on Thursday night, we do have a parlay. We're gonna put up Hank you wanna read it out here? It's on gonna be on DraftKings High stakes drama, insane buzzer, beaters, jaw, jaw dropping dunks, and the excitement you live for. And guess what? DraftKings Sportsbook and officials sports betting partner of the NBA is giving you a chance to boost your winnings every single game during the playoffs. That's right. Every game, all playoffs along DraftKings rolling out a special NBA Profit boost. So what waiting for? Download the Drafting Sportswear app now. Use code take to claim your Profit Boost. That's right. Code Take gets you a boost for every single NBA playoff game. Don't miss your shot at Big Wins. This is the moment you've been waiting for Only on DraftKings Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction, Boyd and Ontario. Get one NBA profit boost per game after opt-in boost expires at the end of each game. Boosts bet criteria and maximum bet limits vary. See terms at sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


What is it? PFT has Car show 15 plus. Oh, We're naming names on the Pick points. Rebounds assist. Okay, love that. Pick. Okay. I got ain't no stop OB top and topping a plus points. Love that. One Big Cat has Chet over 27.5 points. Rebounds assist. Great pick. I think I think it's gonna be a big Chet series. And then Max Dete has aka over 19 and a half points. Oh, That will be a plus 1200. Parlay. Spicy. Let's go boys. Let's get spicy. Let's get spicy. And we're gonna talk hockey with Ys. I had a couple other things before we do. Hot seat. Cool. Chill throne. Should we be worried about CJ Stroud? So he's not throwing at OTAs.


That's 'cause his but he his arm sore. He plays Quarterback. He plays quarterback. That's it. Job to, to throw. Yep. I'm not, I'm not worried about him yet. Okay. But I am worried that I might end up worried about him. Okay. Pre Worried. I'm worried that I'm gonna be worried about him. Yeah. I I think they call that anxiety. It's weird, right? It's kind of Strange. Was it, did this come out of kind of nowhere. Okay. Did we get a surgery? So do we have a surgery? If, if I were CJ Stroud, what I would do is I would talk to the coaching staff and be like, Hey, my arm is still kind of fucked up right now. Can I just not be at OTAs? And you'll say it's excused. That way we won't have to answer any questions about whether or not I can throw.


Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, that makes perfect sense. I don't know. Maybe he, he's just go to Egypt Just in general. Like Aaron Rogers did. Yeah. Just check out the pyramids. Yeah. 'cause you don't have to throw when you're in Egypt. That's a good point. Yeah. Yeah. I I am, I'm definitely anxious about it. If I was a Texans fan, I would be worried. Yeah. I I would be You're not, you want your quarterback to be able to throw Ideally. Yep. Yeah. We also had Frank Rag now retired for the Lions. Big, big loss for them. He was 29. He was an awesome, awesome player. Feels like he was at a point where just the injuries and just getting up for the season.


Like reading his letter. He is just like, I wanted to play but I just couldn't get there physically. I feel like he probably kept the, the lines informed about this. I don't think that they were Yes. Super. They're, they're obviously not excited that he's retiring, but I don't think that this was like a shot outta the blue. Right. But it's, it sucks for the lines. That's It does. That's a big piece of their offensive line. He's a great player. Yeah. Oh, max pulled it up. There's no concerns with CJ said Texans head coach. Dko Ryan's, it's just general soreness. We're taking every precaution with him, but it'll be good to go. No concerns on my end there. General soreness. How old is he? Like 24 Buddy, you're 20. You don't know about general soreness?


No, I have. I live with general soreness. That'd be my rank in the military. Lieutenant. He went from lieutenant soreness to General Five star. Yeah. The double. No concern from Dko. Ryan's makes me Concerned. Not worried. Yeah. Saying not worried repeatedly. And he said there's no concerns with cj. No concerns on my end there. Let Me ask you this Big Cat. If you were to redraft that NFL draft right now, taking Bryce first overall knowing that he's dealing with general soreness. Is Bryce Young throwing from N OTAs? I think so. Okay. You could call it throw whatever he does. Yeah. That. Yeah. He's doing that. Okay. Start the debate. Oh wait. Redraft Max looking at we gotta OTA footage showing.


Can I say something about the x the ev everything app all happening on X? Yeah. Because free speech is back. The search function is dog shit. It's pretty bad. Oh my God. I'll look for something and it will just be a completely different thing from years ago. Yeah. You can Look for something, you know exactly what it is. Yes. And type it in and it still won't Appear. It's crazy. I can look for something on there and it will be like a, a highlight, like a sports highlight. And then in the third option for what comes up, it's just a Nazi. It's crazy. Or someone like a, a Russian soldier getting hit by a drone. Yeah. Do you see those, those drones by the way? Yes. I saw those drones.


Damn. I saw those drones. Crazy shit. 3 billion in damage. Okay. So CJ Stroud, isn throwing in OTAs. Sorry. And he see that spiral. That was sick. That looks Pretty good. People are asking the question. Dude. OTAs are awesome. Hank Yeah. Your boy Stefan Diggs at OTAs. Yep. He's on my cool throwing. Okay. We can get to it. Love. Well, no love. Just more outside of OTAs. But he looks good at OTAs for a guy that tore his ACL. Yeah. Everyone looks good at Os and he's, and he's got, you know, it would be awesome he's locked down. If we had someone who's just Like, love his back, Their beat was just, this guy sucks at OTAs.


Yeah. Like I watch all the OTAs and he's garbage. He's got a note for the goal on this Guy. They, they, they played a a they did a drill with no, no defenders. He's dog shit. Yeah. I mean, look at, you Don't hear that from OTAs very often. Look At these clips of digs. He's catching everything. Balls. Gonorrhea. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Card's. Are you jealous? Are you jealous? It's, It's the other girls. Those, those little bitties. They had the clap, But he just, their Instagram official now. No, it was just a video taken out. Oh, they went Instagram official. Yeah. Look at that. That's good. That's beautiful. It worked. Yeah. The scratch worked. That Did work. I Please stop showing the video.


The two c, it's making it, it's giving me flashbacks. Two C. I wanna go back to Panama Two C. Okay, let's do, yeah, let's do hot seat Chill throne. And then we will, we'll get to our interviews, our big time previews with Ys and Illa.


Before we do that, Gametime Hank can you pull up a game? Surely we never know what he's gonna pull up for the NFL schedule. That's the beauty of it. Football is back 2025 NFL schedule is out. And the only place you should be getting your tickets is Gametime, the official ticketing partner. Barstool Sports. We're planning our fall schedule and circling the games we want to go to with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NFL tickets. Gametime makes scoring NFL tickets faster and easier. They have exclusive discounts and you can find seats for as low as a hundred dollars. The Gametime guarantee means you can trust, you'll get a hundred percent authentic NFL tickets on time and for the best price plus fees are always included. So what you see is what you'll pay. We're looking at tickets for Sunday, November 23rd. This could be a Super Bowl preview. Jaguars at Cardinals. Whoa. You can get in for $56. Let's Go. So what are you waiting For? By the time that comes, those tickets, prices will probably be way up. Yeah. Jaguars at Cardinals. Go buy 'em now. All the NFL tickets there on Gametime. Take the, take the guesswork outta buying NFL tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account and use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime?


Hot seat Chill throne. Yeah, you heard that right? Hot Seat Chill Throne is brought to you by Body Armor Sports Drink this summer. Cool off with Body armor. Chill. A bold new way to hydrate with no artificial dyes, flavors or sweeteners. Enjoy a new refreshing cooling sensation in three icy flavors. Frozen berry, frozen cherry and frozen orange. Available for a limited time. Grab yours at seven 11. Or steer store near you. Let's remember. It's hot seat chill drone. Thank you to Body Armor. Wonderful sponsor. Hank, what is your hot seat chill drone. Thanks to Body Armor.


My hot seat is Magnus Carlson. Yes. Yeah. He lost to current World Champion. Oh, he's got it. He's given us some Chills. Oh, nice. Love some electrolytes. Woo. He lost a current world champion who basically he is. He's like Prince. He doesn't have a, he just has one name. Yep. Ish. Ju Ish. And then he had a, in chess, this is chess obviously for maybe people. He Was the Ish doctor who, where, where, where of who Magnus Carlson is. He was chess prodigy. Lost to Ish. Wait, wait, Wait, wait. You kind of glossed that over with me. He's not just a chess pro prodigy. He is the go he is the best chess player of all time. Yeah, true. And Kind than Bobby Fisher. Yeah. By, by the ELO numbers.


Oh yeah. What about the girl from that documentary? Queen's Gamut. What's name Queen's Gamut and What's her name? Queen's Gamut. Anya Taylor. She was good. I mean, yeah. Especially in a time when they didn't let women into Russia. That that was impressive. Yeah. No, but Magnus Carlson is, I think by the stats, the greatest chess player of all time. While also being the bad boy of chess. Yeah. He's Bad boy of chess. He was, he got Banned from jeans. Jeans wearing, right? Yeah, they lifted the band. 'cause he was wearing jeans For because of the anal beads. That's a different guy. That wasn't different guy. A different guy. He was PI think he beat Magnus. This Is some good chest talk. But he lost to Ish. And then a violent, violent outburst slammed the table when super viral. So everyone's talking about it.


So he's on the, you know, he's, he's the greatest chess player of all time according to PFT. But everyone's talking about how he lost. Yeah, He had a blunder. So he No, this Is a new, there's A new video. Oh, he lost again. He lost again. Oh, he blunder again. The Same guy. Are you Sure that's new? No, we wins. We wins. No, it's, we won. Oh no. Magnus. He blundered. Peaceman Tweeted 24 minutes ago. Oh no. Magnus. And that's A new video. He did it again. He's washed. Should we get bl? When Did that video Come out? Yeah, he, he knows chess. I want to know. So is chess fall The other one Was he, I guess he blundered and he knew he blundered and he just had a slow death of like 10.


Did you guys see the extended cut of the clip where there was a full crowd there? No, I didn't see it. So funny. Can we pull that up? We're now Zach, this is a big moment for you. Find us Magnus fo for I don't think this search is gonna work. I don't think this is gonna work. Oh no, it's it's the other angle. It's on the other side. Oh, he did lose again. He lost again. Just doesn't have it breaking moves you lost again. You know what's crazy about chess is like the Grand Masters, the people that compete in these top of the line tournaments, you know how much weight they lose during a tournament? How much They lose like 15 pounds over the course of a tournament just because their, their bodies burn calories because they're so stressed out during the matches.


I Believe it. They just sweat the brain. I believe it that I I'm gonna get this clip for you. Don't you worry Zach. We kind of put you on the, on the hot seat. Not the chill terone here. Also, max taking him a long time to get out there, Right? Yeah. I think he stopped by the bathroom. He definitely stopped by and grab some food. If he comes back with Cheeto fingers, He's, he's eating on the John right now. All that J Wright talk. I gotta shit this bad energy outta my system. Oh, okay. Let me find it. Wait. So, so Magnus lost again and Bluman is coming in to tell us what happened because this is crazy.


I guess he's supposed to be the best and he keeps fucking losing. I'm gonna say right now, Magnus not the best. 'cause I have been watching chess religiously for almost 48 hours now. And all I've seen is Magnus lost. That's What I'm saying. Yeah. Beth Harmon. That's what, that was her name. Goat. That's what they do Though. Beth Harmon. Yeah. They, they whisper your successes and they shout your failures. That's a fact. Facts. That's a fact. So you're gonna see clips of Magnus losing because it's a big deal when Magnus loses. And guess what? He's a bad loser. You show me a good loser. I'll show you a loser. Really bad loser. All right, max, I sent you the clip. So play that clip. Play, play like halfway through. So the best part about this is that I didn't realize it when the clip was going viral.


There was a full crowd there and they didn't know when to like clap. And then after all Magnus like, you know, kind of freaked out. They they did finally clap. But it was funny 'cause I, I assume no one was in the room when they were doing this. I thought chess was played in private. Apparently there's, it's not. Yeah. No. It's a spectator sport. Go, go for it. In the clip Max. Maybe give us some audio too. Okay, so this is Magnus. He's gonna make this move. Oh no. Bad move. And Magnus makes another move. I don't know. Oh. Oh, got him. Oh.


Oh My God. It remind me that, remember that Vikings fan video? Yeah. Oh, crowd. Troy, This guy almost feels bad that he just Behind us. Yeah, he kind of, Magnus kind of stole this guy's moment. Ready. Oh, Just brush past It No. Knows what to do. Yeah, right. Like what do we do? What do we do? Yeah. He feels bad that he beat him And there's a bunch of people there. He was, Magnus was so, so like demonstrative with his losing. He, he, the crowd didn't know to clap or Not.


I'm just gonna say it. I think Magnus is gonna come back stronger. I think he's washed. I I I literally am. He's he's never won a chess match as far as I know. This is a man that's going to, he's gonna be studying the film on this and you're gonna wish that you never beat Magnus. Do They just tie a bunch? Yeah, there's a bunch of, bunch of ties. Yeah. Bunch of draws. Yeah. Shake hands. Because I was gonna say like, if you're that good at chess, you should never get beat. So They, they also score how good of a chess player you are based on what the perfect move would be at any given time. Because let's be real, AI is the best chess player ever. Alan Iverson. Allen Iverson. Really good crossover with his Rucks. Yeah. What do you got? Max Bluman left, but I do have him on the phone right now.


Alright. And he is giving an explanation. Alright, tell us Bluman, Explain what happened today. You're live to tape. You're live to tape on part of my take. Can't hear me. I'm in the elevator. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, I can hear you. Cool. Is technology's crazy? We need a bluman live from the elevator. Yeah, It's The Bottom. He's just lying. That's a smoke detector. Oh, We may have lost Him. Yeah, we lost him. I mean, I, I told him though, I he was going up so stairs fact went in. The fact that he went in the elevator when I, when I told him that he was about to come on is, That is a crazy move. Great chess recap. Yeah. Well, He, okay. I, he, he gave me the recap. Do you want me to give you the recap Of what Yeah. Give us. Yeah. This is, remember this is Bluman from an elevator to Max. Yes, max here.


Oops. Oh, and that and that's it. Yeah. There's a chest he lost again today. And the guy that beat him also lost today. Oh, Okay. So, so he washed. Well maybe but that wasn't really a recap. That's A recap. You literally just saw the bracket. But If he didn't lose yesterday, would he have lost today? See, these are the sounds like these are the things that I don't, that I wish he wasn't in the elevator for. I also wanna know, how did he lose, like the one that went viral on Sunday. All he is calling me back. It felt like he was, he lost Bluman. Bluman. You gotta do it. How did he lose? How did he lose? Is that the question? Yeah.


How Was it embarrassing? Was it embarrassing? Magnus blunder today? He couldn't believe it. He made a weird like shaking of the head after he blunder today. What did he blunder? What did he blunder? I gotta be honest. I have no clue. Okay. This is our chess expert By the way. I ask him if chess is ball. Did you hear that question? Yeah. It's chess ball. Chess is ball's a subdivision ball. It's in the brains category of sports. Okay. Okay. Okay. You have like chess, backgammon, checkers, that's all in the brains category and smart Stuff. Can you ask him if ish is now chess is not checkers. Is he the goat?


No. Ish lost today. So yeah. Who's the goat now? So who, yeah. Who's the goat of chess now? Well, the goat of chess is magnet. No, He's, he Still is. The goats lose sometimes They're getting upset with you. He's only lost. How could they possibly be getting upset? Magnus is the goat of chess. He's been world number one since 2011. Well, he loses all the time. He just keeps losing. When was the last time he lost before this? When Was the last time he lost bluman? Wait, can you hear all this? The butt butthole guy? I can only get PF. No, it's queen. Queen gambit. Okay. When was the last time he lost? Well, he lost today? No, before. Before today. Sunday. Two days ago. Okay. Before that. Before that. God damnit. I have no idea. I only, I only am cognizant about the world of chess when I see like these big tournaments going on.


I'm like, Ooh, that's kind of fun to see. 'cause I like the chess beefs. And the chess like overreactions are some of the funniest things to me. Yes. All right. So he's not really a chess expert. This was the worst chess recap this way. Chess dog. Yeah. All right. Thank you. Bluman. Always Good. Like remember a few months ago? Nope. We don't remember. We don't remember any of it. Players to wear Jeans. Okay. Oh yeah, he is talking about the jeans. Yeah. Okay. All right. We're, we're done with Chest talk. Thank you Bluman. Okay, thanks. Bye. I mean we're, dude loses nonstop. I feel confident in my take saying he sucks as far no one can show me anything else.


Alright. Okay. You know who's a loser? Is this ish guy? Why here was his, well, no, he beat Magnus, but here was his quote after you tell me if this is a quote from a loser or, or a winner. Okay. He called it his lucky day. It was just clearly lost. So I was just trying to make moves, which were tricky for him. And luckily he got into time scramble. 99 times out of a hundred I would lose just a lucky day. It's kind of Cocky. First classical win against Magnus. I mean, not the way I wanted it to be, but, okay, I'll take it. So it sounded like Magnus won. Magnus lost on time. I don't know if he's, father time is undefeated. I don't know if he's a loser. He just, he sounds like someone who got lucky.


He's kind of sick. Like an honest person who got lucky. Yeah. He's just like, yeah dude, I'm not that good. Magnus is that really just shows you how bad Magnus is. Now he's got guys winning on luck. You don't win on luck and chess. Not my chess. Alright. Your Chill throne. My chill throne is why I love Cardi Bean and Stefan Instagram official. That's huge. Right before the season, you know, don't have to worry about outside activities. I'll probably just hang out, you know, watch movies together at night. Get chill, get well rested. Super chill. And snack wrap. Snack wrap is yes was on mine as well. Snap wrap is Snap Wrap is snack. Wrap Is, you got it back. Do you have it? Snack Wrap Is back Snack.


Wrap is back. Did did Jerry have something to do with this? Yeah, they put it in their video and then I think like one of their directors of marketing said like his tweet, his original tweet from a few years ago was in a lot of their slides and all these meetings. Oh hell yeah. Wraps Elite. Shout out to Jersey Jerry. Yeah, that Popeye's is doing this snack wrap too with the, the spicy chicken Snack wrap needs to be back. Yeah, that's true. Double back. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Someone from McDonald's says your tweet has been in many slides in many meetings. Thank you for pushing us. You won. See you July 10th first snack wrap. Hell yeah. They gotta give pretty snack Crap, right? At least. Yeah, he's gotta, yeah, his tweet was from 2022. I know.


I'm not the only one. Do the right thing for the people. We miss the snack wrap. All of us. He's right. We do. We all miss it. Okay. Good job Hank. Thanks Pti. My hot seat is unfortunately Max Hoa. Mm. Although Max put up a great performance. So he competed in the, the US Open qualification process to get into the tournament. He carried his own bag and the longest day of golf. Is that what they call it? Hank? Yeah. The longest day of golf hang Golf's longest day. Yep. Which is how many holes? 36. 36. Which is how many rounds? Two. Okay. Nice. Max was playing to qualify for the US Open also in his qualification group.


The, the group that was playing in Columbus, it was just, it looked like a PGA leaderboard. It was like Ricky Fowler was there. Cam Young was there a lot of great players. Max unfortunately lost in a playoff, but I did like seeing Max carry his own bag. It, but it was weird watching him wear shorts. Yeah. I think he should have worn pants Now he's gotta find New Caddy too. That's right. So He fired his most recent caddy. Okay. So who's he on? I believe so. Who's out there? Who's available? I don't know. Bones, Bones, Jersey. Jerry, Hank? No. Hank's spoken for. Hank has spoken for, I'm pretty sure. Did he not split? Yeah, he split with his caddy. Billy Hark.


Bill Hark. Okay. Well we'll listen. Just a minor setback for major comeback. Good. We're Gonna rebuild. Yep. He did show a lot of grit out there carrying his own bag. That's, I, I like the format of the US open where you can compete and anybody off the street can get into it. Yeah, it's awesome. It's very cool. It's awesome. And they did, did like a, it was A high school kid that got in. Really? Yeah. That's Sick. He was like 18 under in two rounds. Holy Shit. Now are, are you keeping your own score? Yeah. Always. There was a kid, there was a kid who finished his first round. He, he did. Well he is like a truck driver. He went to go, he like him and his dad went down and got a bite to eat, forgot to turn his scorecard in.


By the time he realized it went to turn his scorecard in the group behind him had turned theirs in. So he got disqualified. Didn't get to play the second round. That's bullshit. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, the score keeping is very, very important. Is there anything also, Don't you just Hate that, that type of bullshit with golf? I, I kind of like it. I also, forgetting to turn your scorecard's a wild move. He's a truck. He Yeah, But that's just, so that's a wild move. Like you have to turn. Yeah. Is that The, someone that was, That was Monday, I think is the, the Twitter account's. Monday Q Info. The guy like just tracks all this stuff. But he, there was some jokes and replies being like, you know, you would think as a truck driver they would understand how to get packages to places on time. Mm. That's good. That's some Good humor That some good ex humor said.


It's a little edgy, but wow. He was just, you know, he got swept up in the moment and it, he said he was eating like 200 feet away from the scorers plays. He just slipped his mind. Max Homer will have Lance Bennett. Okay. Alright. What do we know about this Lance Bennett guy? He's a fucking stud. I love him. Yeah. If you're scoring hundred. Yeah. He's a stud. We're ready to go. Oh, he was on Colin Mor cow's bag. Mm. Nope. No. Nope. No. Nope. Bennett was working for Michael Thorberg. Andon, but Thor hired JJ Jack as his full-time and swing caddy if you're scoring at home. JJ had been on Colin Moore CAO's bag until Joe Granier left Max for him.


What's a swing caddy? You're Hank? Yeah. It's Hank for you? Yeah. No. Hank's. CEO of golf operations. Oh Hell yes. I'm putting together staff. Yeah, We're doing a series of mergers right now. Love it. Are your children Max is director of nutrition. Nice. Can I get a spot? Yeah. Do you wanna be director of intimidation? Sure. For PFT Golf Enterprises? Oh, Actually yeah. Yeah, I could Do that. Yeah. I figured shit talking. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Shit talking. I feel like I'm in compiling dossiers on everybody that I'm, I'm competing against. I'm In, I'm in getting in their heads a hundred percent. I Okay. Memes, you're director of memes. Zach, your director of twosie.


If you can get me twosie, I can win this whole fucking thing. Zach and Zach, then I, then I'm buying a million dollars worth of twosie. We'll see what we can do for you on that. All right. Okay. I got you. All right. All Right. Love that. You're On my twosie team. He just delivered You twosie. Yeah. And you've done a great job with the ice cream, so We'll find out. So do you want a twosy topping or No? That's a good question. I think Twosy is the top. Oh, for the ice cream? Yeah. For the ice cream. Yeah. Yeah, I'd like That. Yeah. Yeah. I like surprise with that. Yeah. And then my chill throne, my chill throne is being romantic about baseball. Mm. So I want to confess something to you guys. I, I went to the Cubs game on Saturday and I felt, I felt very romantic about baseball.


Love that. But then I feel guilty about being romantic about the Cubs. Well, we're playing right now. I know. Which is, but what I realized, and this was all subconscious. I went home that day. I watched the Nats play, watched the entire game. Then on Sunday I watched the entire Nats game. And also Sunday morning I bought a shit load of gnats merchandise. Hell yes. Any, any weird, any weird stuff? I Don't buy, I don't buy Strange any pla Hat Patterns Hat. Yeah. And that is a Sick hat. But I real thank you. I realized after the fact, after I did all that stuff, I think I had a guilty conscience Of, of falling in love. But you fell in love with baseball Of like really enjoying myself at Wrigley Field.


No, but what you did was basically you went to a strip club and then you went home and like fucked the shit outta your, your significant Other. Right. So I, I went home and then I, I may have subconsciously, and I actually do think I subconsciously purchased all these things because I felt bad and guilty that Had is sick. Thank You. I appreciate it. Yeah. But I, I, I think I can love watching the Cubs play at Wrigley Field. Yeah. Right. So it's going to a game is the Best. Okay. Because I don't Great song at the end. Yeah. Fantastic song. Are you talking about the seventh inning stretch? No, You're talking about GOs Go Cubs. Go go Pugs. Go go Pugs. Go go Pugs Go. And Chicago Woodies. Oh, the Pope is from the USAA lot of Pope merchandise at Wrigley Field. Oh, I bought, I bought one for White Sox, Dave.


Oh yeah, yeah. It said not even Pope Leo could save the socks. I like that. He, he, he begrudgingly accepted and I was like, dude, I'm not actually making you wear this. I Also think that just Wrigley Field has the best, the best merchandise for like, advertising the game and the field. Like people wearing the shirts that just have the clock that says one 20 on it. Yep. Like, there's nothing like going to a one 20 game. The Yeah. Right now I wanna make, if you're a national and you're listening to this, you're, you're my main bitch. Right. I'm never gonna leave you. I'm very excited about what the future has for us. We got a great young team, but I did feel, well, I felt like when the, when the Cub scored a run, I got excited. The, I was like, yes, this is good. I was at, I was at RR Ru for the home team. I was at It's true. Saturday and Sunday I was, I was at Wrigley.


So we were, Saturday was the game we went to. Right? Yep. It was also maybe the best weather possible that Might have had A lot to do with like, it was not a cloud in the sky. 63 degrees in the, like that perfect mix of in the sun. You're warm in the, in the shade. You're a little cool. Oh yeah. Memes went, I took memes on Saturday to his first Cubs game. That's adorable. Yeah. He didn't wear a hat. I Do think this, I think It was jarring. The weather Had had a ton to do with it. Probably. Yes. I got free hotdog. Who shout out to hotdog concession guy. Well, I Oh, that's sick. Yeah. So it, he actually said, can I get a shout out on part of my take for giving you these free hotdog? Hell yes. And I was like, I don't know. And he goes, yeah, you're right.


That's probably asking too much. No, but then I did it. There You go. No, I, it's like you ever go on vacation somewhere and if the weather is perfect, you're just like, I could live here. Oh yeah. If any, any nice day, you're just like, yeah, this is the best place ever. If the weather's in the seventies or eighties Rapids, Michigan. I, I hop on, I hop on Zillow. Yeah. And I'm like, maybe I'll just buy a house here in all this great weather. Yeah. That, that will do it for you. Okay. My hot seat is Saquon Barkley because he needed a harness to get on the Madden cover. Oh, I thought you were gonna say Madden Curse. Yeah. Well that too. But he needed a harness to do the jump over a player Thing. So he actually can't do that move in real life. Correct. Yeah, He did do that move in real life.


He needed a harness. He, he, people forgot he almost got hurt 'cause of that movie. Yeah. Yeah. People regain didn't want him to do that. Actually probably kids at home got really hurt trying to recreate that. J Wright doesn't even like coaching anymore. My chill drone, I got a couple. First is Hank the kangaroo got on the plane? Yep. Did you see that video? I did not see that one. The kangaroo has made, he finally got, was able to board and he's on the plane. Okay. So it was a real kangaroo. It Was a real kangaroo. And he finally did it. He was tucked in perfectly sitting minding his own business in the middle seat with a, with a seatbelt on that kangaroo way to go. Hank.


I was happy. I was happy for the kangaroo and the woman who's, you know, it was the emotional support kangaroo. Yeah. She was now. Okay. Yeah. Now did they check its pocket? Look at that p ft. Yeah. Oh, it wasn middle seat. It was aisle seat. My mistake. Check Its pouch. When it went through TSA It better have, look at kangaroo's eating. Are those peanuts that's illegal on a plane. Uhoh. Yeah. No. That's why I think this video might be fake is because Oh no. There's so many peanut allergies. They, they won't want you do that anymore. Yeah. I'm just eating my peanuts right here. It's fantastic. Other cool terone? We talked about Cal Riley on Monday and how awesome he is and he should be considered for the MVPA listener hit hit us up PFT and said this is from Sackman eight.


He said, long time listener. First time caller. Thank you for showing the, the nerves. I guess that's what they call the Mariners, the nerves. You just say Mariners. Yeah. You could just say Mariners on that one. Like the Sirs for The pacers. Yeah. The nerves. Some love on today's show. Wanted to let you know some of us Cal Rowley's dump fans have been saying big dumpy go poo every time he goes yard. I fucking love that. I'm in, I'm in just texting your boys. Big dumpy just went poo poo. Big dumpy go poo poo. And my other quilter on is max. Our max because he made the catch of the summer with the hot dog for people who missed it. We got a hot dog stuck in the ceiling at Parol HQ Chicago. And it took us an hour and a half to get it out and Max caught it and ate it.


Yeah. So He just opened up his buns and the meat slid right in. Yeah. I, I took a bite. The video of Max, can we put it in the YouTube of Max running around? Just, just like, if you take all context out of what happened, max doing a lap holding a hot dog. He's the most special boy we got. That's all I'll say. He's a special, special boy. Butt Crack came out. Yeah. No. Yeah. Do this video. The, if you just started the video when Max, when Max caught it. Yeah. The butt crack did come out. Just, just when Max catches it, it's, it's a special, special video of him. Just look at him. Everyone cheer. He's like, I got a hot dog.


I got a hot dog. Clean catch max. Good job Max. You got a hot dog. He's just showing everyone like, look, see hot dog. It looks like he's running a, like a baton racer. Yeah. At the food Olympics. Yeah. It's like when they, when they let like the old guy at at the spring football game. Score a touchdown. Hair looks great though. Max. Yeah. Hair looks great. Shout out Joel. Yeah, no, it was a special day in the office yesterday. It was, it was a special day at the office. I felt like a very special boy And someone sent you a drink at dinner 'cause of it. I don't know if that was true, but I did get sent a drink.


Oh, it had to have been, it had To have been that. It had to have been That had to have been. Yeah. Absolutely. Okay, let's get some Finals Preview. We've got relo and then Ys and then we'll finish up with some listener submitted FAQs.


Before we get to Ryan Relo, he's brought to you by our great friends over at truly and truly Unruly Lemonade. It combines the high A fund of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. It's lemonade Let loose. It's 8% A BV. I'll say again, 8% A BVA hundred percent delicious. They've got four great flavors. The bump and blue RA is my personal favorite. They've got the OG original lemonade punched up pineapple. Wild Pink is the perfect drink for an unruly boy summer. It's the official hard seltzer of part of my take. We love truly unruly lemonade. So refreshing. Great to drink out in the sun. Great to drink for a night out. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly. 8% A BVA hundred percent delicious.


Silla is also brought to you by our great friends over at Chevy. Chevy has been building trucks for over a century that don't flinch and they never quit. Whether you're hauling lumber on the job or trying to get the smoke or the cooler, the cornhole boards and the whole crew to the tailgate on time. Chevy gets you there when they say it's the most dependable truck. They're not just speculating. Chevy trucks have earned more dependability awards for trucks than any other brand according to JD Power 2025 Sounds like they've got the stats to prove it. I'm driving a Chevy this summer. Actually, max told me yesterday, max said PFTI think this might be the summer of the El Camino. I did. I'm, I got a good feeling about the El Camino this summer saying I got a really good feeling On that. I got a great feeling. She's humming. She's per I own two Chevys because I love Chevy. You can draft yours@chevy.com and every Chevy truck dependability comes standard. For more on Chevy trucks, visit chevy.com and visit jd power.com/awards For more award details.


And now here is Ryan Silla. Okay, we now welcome on one of our best friends in the whole world. Very special guest. Very, very, very special guest. It is Ryan Silla, the Ryan Silla podcast. He is the number one ball knower in the world. And we have you on to talk about the NBA finals, but we got gifted with a news breaking an hour ago. Tom Thito out with the New York Knicks. So let's start there. I wanna say not shocking because this is kind of how it goes with Tibs, where you can kind of feel the, the sea changing on him and he gets them to a level and then it's like, all right, he can't get us to that next level.


But I'll say a little shocking. 'cause Jalen Brunson just did a press conference where he is like, I love him. Were you shocked at all? No, I wasn't. You were hearing about this a little bit. I mean, we can talk about whether or not we're shocked based on, you know, this nick season. It's tough because you're playing the Pacers, you beat Boston, you think you have a chance against the Pacers. I still thought they had a chance against them, even though I picked the Pacers. You know, and, and if you, if you take a step back and not get emotional about it the next morning, and you look at this Nick season and you're like, all right, this team hadn't been to the Eastern Commerce finals in 25 years. I mean, there's a Nicks conversation about like this team winning a title before I was even born where you're like, man, we talk about this team a lot.


Although you probably say the same thing about the Red Sox private 2004, where you're like, you know, there's a lot of Nick conversations. There's just a, a handful of teams that have had a better run for a really long time. Most wins I think since 2013. They take out Boston and you know, look, Tatum went down in game four, but you know, they were up what, nine then 11 points to three minutes ago. So they're probably gonna win that game anyway. And that's a huge, huge statement. And I think on the whole, you have to feel really good about who the Knicks were this year in comparison to who they've been. But there was definitely a lot of lingering stuff. And even the last two days, you were just hearing like he's out. Bill had mentioned it on the pod where he thought he'd be out. I was actually at a lunch yesterday.


We were like, yeah, he's, he's probably done. And you know, the thing that sucks is, I'll tell you, in all the years I've spent getting the chance to talk to people about basketball, whether it's front office people in the last 25 years working with all these different coaches when I was at ESPN and we'd be in the same room together and I'd be doing like maybe late night TV or something. Tibs is without question, the most impressive single person I've ever talked to about basketball. Like, he made me after five minutes go like, holy shit, do I not know anything? Like I've been watching this game a long time and he is so incredibly impressive. I think there's absolute buy-in, there's kind of like a toughness resetting that he brings when he comes into the franchise. But you're right, Big Cat, it, it seems to run its course. And you know, the minute stuff, I don't really think it's as egregious this year.


I thought that Bulls run where it looked like Joachim couldn't even make it up the floor. And you're like, dude, you're wearing these guys down. I, it, it just seems to be, look, I think the NBA that's the job. I don't even know that it's specific to Tibs. I think it's the job where it is very hard to get everyone to keep listening to you after you've had this, this job four or five years. Yeah. So I mean, there's some other basketball stuff we get into why they got away from the Cab Brunson combo stuff. There was a defensive adjustment to Kat, the team started doing, playing with smaller guys. You could get on his ass for like, why did you start going to bench guys that you had buried for such a long stretch of the year? But, you know, that part always frustrates me. The coach does something different and then you lose and then it means the coach has a moron.


And it's like, well, you know, would you rather lose without any adjustments or attempt at anything in putting Mitchell Robinson the starting lineup? So I feel bad for him 'cause I know how smart he is and I think he's a terrific coach. But it's very hard in this this job to have it longer than five years. It Yeah, it is. The league. We the longest outside of Eric Spolstra and Steve Kerr, who is the longest tenured coach, now that Tibs has been fired Finch. It's actually Billy Donovan. All right. Which speaks to how crazy, you know what I mean? Like that doesn't, Billy Donovan feels relatively new still with the polls. And it's like, this is just how it goes guys, guys go in and out very quickly.


Oh no, it's, it's nuts. Like whenever you look at the Wikipedia page for this, you'll have half the coaches in the league. Like I'm doing it right now. Like Will Hardy is already on the longer side of the 10 year run with the jazz. Right. Okay. Missoula's like in the middle of the pack. So if I were gonna run through it really quickly here, I think more than half the coaches are hired from 2023 on. So you're, you're totally right. I mean, it's, it's a nearly impossible job. And you know, I don't know if you can talk about, like, I was talking with somebody about it And we were talking about like the money, right? It was a really funny line. 'cause he said to me, he's like, you can not even be good and make $10 million a year now in the right.


You don't even have to be that good. And you might get 10 million a year on a multi-year contract. But we've been having that conversation for decades. It's like all the players make all this money and now they're not gonna listen to the coaches. So that's not necessarily anything new. I just, it's a bit like the roommate theory. It's really hard to have a roommate where if you think of all the people you've lived with in your life, like how many guys did you get to know that you loved versus how many guys you get to know that you hated Right. After living for a couple years. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. So True. So what, what do the, do the sons pick up the phone now? Are they're like, Hey, I, I know that we had it down to two. That would be a very funny fit. Tibs out in Phoenix. Yeah, it would be. I mean they're, they're running through 'em, you know, you know, Monty and that whole thing changed post Chris Paul and, and the changes they wanted to make.


And then you have Vogel who is a really good coach, but you know, the Lakers thing, they move on from him so quickly that you're kind of like, all right, well the guy just won a title there and now he's the problem bubble. And look, it's, it's pretty clear. Look, I give him all the credit for the bubble one. I, you know. No, Not us. That's fine. That's fine. Oh Ryan, we did a bad job introducing you. Congratulations Chris Paul played an entire season. Oh yeah. Well I'll be sure to let Chris know Vindication. Yeah. That he was acknowledged for this. I can't wait. I can't wait to see what's next. I got a question.


I got one more question about the Knicks. Yeah. But I, If I were tips, I'd be like, I'm good. I'm good right now. Like you guys just blasted out Vogel immediately. Rod and Bud paid him, blasted him out. It seems with the finalists for Phoenix, it's like maybe we don't have to spend a ton of money this time around 'cause they're spending all this money on these other guys. I I think you have to have a certain mindset to respond to Tim, to Tibs and I don't know, I'm sure Booker would be fine with it. I I can't even imagine Beal Yeah. In Tibs rotation. And if, if they're still stuck with Beal. 'cause I do think the ring gets traded. Yeah. Alright, my last next question 'cause then I wanna talk finals. I know you don't like Kat, you, You I don't.


You do not, don't like watching. Do not. I respect it. He's better than I give him credit for. I don't like watching it. Do you? So my take is he's not a perfect player and I every it's So much sense. Yeah, It's so much sense. But you, you every all your complaints about him are criticism are fair and they come from a fair place. I feel like though he is maybe the greatest scapegoat that a team could ever have because it's all about Kat and Tibs and not a real conversation about Jalen Brunson maybe being, you know, defensive liability at points. Mikhail Bridges not playing up to the level he should have played to Josh Hart not be able to hit a three. And Kat is like this lightning rod. And it happened in with the timber rolls too, where if you have Kat on your team, you know, if you're another guy, you're safe.


Because if you lose, it's gonna be like Carl Anthony Towns is the problem. Yeah. It's like being on the cabinet where you just go like, well ultimately everybody's gonna forget what I'm in charge of. Right. Yeah. Look, I mean, Brunson is like almost bulletproof. Yeah. And you know, it's funny 'cause Becky Hammond made the comment, I believe it was Becky who'd said, yeah, you know, you wonder about Brunson as a smaller guard on a title contending team, which has been accepted for years in this league. I mean, that's why, you know, Isaiah Thomas has become criminally underrated for what he was as his as as like the real go-to offensive player. And granted, you know, Dumars was terrific and Vinny Johnson coming off the bench and that'll be the end of that Pistons breakdown.


But there's just GMs that will tell you like, I don't want to have to go through multiple rounds with a small guard. I don't want to, and here's Brunson who, you know, whether it was one year I, I know I flipped it with Ian Tatum where I had one in the top five in the MVP voting. I think I had Brunson fifth and then put Tatum first team all NBA, you know, Brunson's, if he's healthy, you know, he's, I don't, he's not outside of the top 10 players in this league. They nailed it. You know, he was, he was good in Dallas, didn't think he was gonna be this. And then on top of everything else, he's just so comfortable in all these huge moments. However, you know, the Boston series, it wasn't really about Brunson in the beginning.


They did a really good job containing him. Bridges went off and then, you know, Boston just becomes this comically stagnant team. So you are right. Like Brunson has brought such energy to this franchise and those moments at MSG where he's just dialing it up and no one can do anything with him, it ignores and maybe it's, it's kind of baked into the cat. Part of it is like if he, if you have one bad defender, right, you can kind of hide it, right? But when it's the Pacer's deciding like, do we want to attack Kat this time or do we want to attack Brunson? And to Halliburton's credit too, which I had to remind myself a little bit of like his standing in the league where you go, you know how we all kind of fall in love with like who those guys are, the top 10 players, top 15, I voted 'em all NBA, it was close for third team for him.


But when you have somebody who's approached the game more like a quarterback who's dissecting things and playing like this natural point guard position with the instincts that are so rare in today's game. Like when you have a guy like that who knows, like, okay, there is a play that he had in the closeout game when he went on that little bit of a tear. So Kat was late in drop coverage and doesn't get to Halliburton. Halliburton hits a floater inside the paint. And it was another one of those discussions where one of Kat's teammates is like, what are you doing? Like you have to show more on that. They run something very similar. Halliburton knows because he just got yelled at that Kat's gonna come up to him and Halliburton's like, yep. And delays just enough.


Ccam has the cutoff of it. He's wide open. He actually missed the layup. So I know I'm kind of going off here a little bit, but when you have two of these liabilities defensively and Kat is the sassy one Ka and seven seven gonna get. Yeah. Yeah. And look, I I don't, I don't know what happened with them. I mean there was only five assist total from Brunson the cat in that entire series. When you look at the offensive ratings for the Knicks over the course of the year, like month by month, it was the best offense in the NBA to like the bottom third of the last couple months. So they lost something. And whether that's on Tibs not being creative enough, you know, I would say there's probably more Bridges possessions in there with an offense that's a little bit more creative where we're like, Hey, can't we just use the Cat Brunson thing as some kind of decoy instead of Brun or Bridges just watching so much of this.


But you're, you're absolutely right. There's, there's no dispute that with a guy like Brunson bringing this energy and just excitement and he's so much fun. Like, you know, every kid has a Brunson jersey that's a fan of this team that nobody's ever in a hurry to criticize that guy when you have somebody else you feel like is a bigger liability on the whole than Brunson is. Right. Right. If you're gonna have a a, a guy who's bad at defense, who would rather have a guy who's bad at defense and also very tall than a guy that's short and also bad at defense, Well also when that other guy can like drop 40 in a playoff game and it's so much fun watching it happen. You know, look, I I don't even think SG a's like a great defensive player.


He's even been subbed out at times for defensive purposes, but it's never a thing. Right. One 'cause he, he's taller to, there's so many great defensive players. Like sometimes he gets targeted 'cause it's like, I'd rather do this than switch into Jalen Williams' door to Caruso. Yeah. Or then, you know, Chet holds up pretty well, which I think they'll probably close with Chet more in this series than the double big lineup that they've done off and on throughout this year. So I, I don't wanna sit here and be like, Hey you're right. Let's, we should all be shitting on Brunson more. No, I don't, Don't Think so Don. Like that part of the N NBA a Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Where it's like, hey, you know who we don't shit on enough this guy. Let's do it. It's not so, and I know that's not what you're saying. Yeah. But he's bulletproof. He kind of Should be.


It's more just cat. Everyone hits the trade cat button and it's like, yeah, he's not perfect. But there's other things too. Maybe it is just trade cat. It's also very funny whenever basketball comes down to just like, oh yeah, being taller does help. It Does. It's Like, hey, we shouldn't overthink this. Tall players are, are are better than shorter players. I'll Be honest, if I was seven four, I, I truly believe I would be in the NBA. I would've played some minutes in the NBA if I was seven four. I know you didn't listen to the podcast already today 'cause it just posted. But we had a life advice specifically about this where a guy was working construction and he was six six. And there was another guy on the site that was like, man, if I had your height, I'd be in the NBA. And the emailer was like, look, I get it.


It's happened to me my whole life, but it's also insinuating that I am a waste of a human being. Yep. Yeah. 'cause I wasted all this God given talent. And then the punchline was, you want to guess what the other guy's height was? Oh, was it like six three? Yeah, it was six four. You see those extra two inches? No, but seven four. I mean, let's be real. If you were seven four, you'd be in the NBA. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. For sure. Not long. I think I would've blown through money and been a bit of a fuck up in my twenties. But you would've had, you would've been in the, you would've gotten drafted. All right, let's talk about the finals. I Oh yeah. But I'd be on podcasts talking about how coaches fucked me over and I got like blackballed from the league And stuff. Yeah. You'd have the clips of you in a gym playing against a bunch of like dads my Comeback videos.


Yeah. I mean we wouldn't have anywhere to post 'em, but it, they'd be incredible. You would be, You would be ready to shit on players if you had gotten in the league for like a cup of coffee, then you just gain a lot of weight after you get out and you're like, this guy stinks. This guy's a bum. We'll never win anything. Yeah. I do wonder like if you took just a general fitness test of people like North of 45, how many people that are in shape are in shape because their athletic career was such a massive disappointment versus guys that had like incredible success and then after 45 you're like, I don't wanna do any of that shit. You're because it was my life. You're just describing CrossFit. You really are. Like if you ever go to it, a serious CrossFit gym and if you go to a serious CrossFit gym and you throw one of them a football, it's not getting caught.


But they could fucking burpee forever. Yeah, I was thinking about that. Like if somebody had just played catch with Rudy Gobert when he was a kid. Did you see Rudy? Did you see Rudy's warmup dribble video where he just couldn't do it In the game? No, it Was, it was like before the game. It was like Rudy's, Like I did Working on his handles and he kept on, it's like, why are they taping this? Don't do this to the guy. I know. It kind of reminds me what was is that the Tristan Thompson video where he was like, which one? Doing like little jump pullups. Oh. 'cause I seen another one. Ah, well you like watching sex tapes? Well, I mean if they, no shit Ryan.


Yeah. If they're on, if they're in my purview, I'm gonna watch. I'm not gonna avert my eyes. Yeah, but you would you wanna watch a sex tape of somebody you knew If you told me, if you came up to me right now? Yeah, there's couple. And you're like, if you sat, if you, if you walked into this studio and Pft and I are sitting here right now and be like, someone's like, Hey, I got a sex tape of Hank. We'd watch. I wanna see a stroke. Yeah. We'd watch. We'd watch. Come on. You'd watch. I wouldn't, yeah, she would. I wouldn't wanna watch that. Yes She would. No, I don't wanna watch Hank bang ever. I Wouldn't watch it multiple times. I'd watch it once outta curiosity. I'd wanna know what if You guys would have to, I mean, you're in the content game.


You, you Gotta know what your man's style is. You gotta know what his go-tos are. Yeah. We gotta break down some film. Yeah. But if he started crying and was the little spoon, That would be awesome for That'd be very funny. Yeah. That I'd watch it many times. Yeah. That'd be caught real. Before we get to the finals, you, you mentioned something in passing kd, you think he's gonna get traded. Mm. Why do you think that? And and who do you think he's gonna get traded to? What would make you think he'd play on a different team? I don't know. Just something something. Yeah. The hot takes with Priscilla KD might not be on the Suns next year. I, I thought last year he was, there was a lot of stuff right. A lot of stuff around the draft.


There was like rumors about Houston and then I think Stephen a even had said like, he is going to be traded. And then I talked about it like two days later and said, I I know for a fact that he's not gonna be traded. And at least I had this year. I don't know, I feel like the seeds have been planted. Okay. Okay. What is that? Is that when the wind, there's A wind's a wind horse. Windy fingers. Yeah. Windy fingers. I don't think that deserves to be a windy fingers that No dude. Why wouldn't you saying on the move, why would you say that? Huh? Well, you're also plugged in, Ryan. You're the most plugged in guy we got. Yeah, But see I don't, I don't, you know, I don't, as I've gotten older, I don't need to do any of that stuff.


And if I get it wrong, it's like the damage is so much worse than no one's ever like, hey, good call. Yeah. That's Why I like threads so much. Big Cat. Yeah. Threads is, threads is like, like being out in last call looking for food in Philadelphia versus like Sarasota. That's what threads is. It Is Threads. Alright, let's talk to the finals. Yeah, I, I love, I've, I've loved watching the Pacers, these Playoffs, they're so much fun. They play with so much pace. They have Halliburton. I know there's games where it's like, hey, how is this guy, you know, a top 10 player? But when he is on, he's on and he makes everything so much better. I just can't get over the fact that the Thunders defense is so fucking suffocating and they have so many guys that they can throw at you and just like, even I know regular season doesn't matter.


Like Lou Dort is gonna, is gonna make Halliburton work his ass off. And it's like, then they have other guys to get and the Caruso comes off the bench. Is there, what's the path for the Pacers? Like how do you, when you walk, look at this, is there a a case you can make that like, here's how the Pacers can win this series outside of Caitlyn Clark going to every game, which they are seven and oh in these playoffs with Caitlyn Clark in attendance. That's good. It was good to see Mike eps in the mix because all this Nick stuff, they were like, is there anybody Yeah. Available? Like, can we, can we do anything? And I just to share with you guys, 'cause I know how much you like the jam bands, you know, Trey's been at these Knicks games, so Saw Derek Trucks, right? Derek Trucks.


I saw him on the Baseline, right? Yeah. And you just thinking to yourself like, can't we get one one shot of any of the, it's crazy on the creative side of music, you know, although I shouldn't say that about Buster Rhymes because I still think his third album is, is one of my favorite. Still a go-to listen to it today. Shooting around a little bit. Flip mode's the greatest. Yeah. Right. So I, I didn't wanna make that sound like one form of music is more creative than the other, but there's seriously something against the ipro improvisational guys. I just don't understand why Trade doesn't deserve some sort of graphic. We don't have to worry about that anymore. The Knicks are eliminated. So look, I I think when you're watching the Pacers you're going, okay cool, they take care of the basketball and they love to get out and run.


Here's the problem. I went back and watched the March game, the late March game where the Thunder put it on the Pacers. There was no Chet, there was no Jalen Williams two Hartstein left the game at halftime with a hip thing. So only played like 14 minutes. So they decided to come out small and play with Ken Rich and that's where they put, they were up like 10 at the half and they put like real separation. They got out up to 22 in the third quarter. They didn't get a great SGA game 'cause Jalen Williams was on the attack man. And when he was like the primary ball handler, like he was on the attack. So then you're thinking, okay, so going into this, we expect the Pacers to take care of the ball. We expect them to want to go small at Tom. Sometimes they have this bench and they're gonna want to, I would say get out and run.


Right? The Thunder were the better running team in the regular season matchup in that game. There were, there were two things that really stood out. One was the Jalen Williams attacking Knee Smith and having zero issues with it whatsoever. Number two was they got out and pushed. Okay. So like if you, the the Thunder can basically do anything. The other thing that's crazy, like I know I'm throwing a bunch of stuff at you here. The Thunder are 13th outta 16 playoff teams in three point shooting and they're a minus seven 50 for the NBA finals. The only series they've shot it well from three is the Minnesota series. They can get to this point be 12 and four through 16 playoff games and still not shoot it nearly as well as they've shot it in the regular season. That's fucking horrifying. They've played at a faster pace than the Pacers.


They take care of the basketball better than the Pacers do. And even as much as we all love that bench because we know who all the guys, the guys are for the Pacers through 16 games, TJ Obie, Thomas Bryant and Mathre are all net negatives. Yeah. They're all net negatives. And to your point about like the Thunder can go, Hey we'll run a double big at you. I don't think they're gonna want to 'cause Hart and Stein's actually of like the main nine rotational guys the biggest net negative. And I think it's played out that way and they started tailing his minutes off in the Minnesota series also because Chet is somebody like, you just feel so much better about now a month into this. 'cause he's had some massive moments including I would say, you know, one of the closed Denver games than also Game five against Minnesota.


He was unbelievable. And you don't even have to really run any plays for this guy. So, you know, even though I'm picking the thunder and it's gonna be really hard for anybody to talk themselves into the Pacers, the things that the Pacers pride themselves on running, keeping the basketball not turning it over as the better way to set and their bench depth, the thunder can match you with a better bench. Their bench has actually played better. They've taken care of the basketball better and they're more than ready to run with you if you wanna run with them. And that's what's so impressive about this team is that they can, they can just take on almost any form needed in a basketball game and it's probably gonna be their advantage. Have You heard anybody that's taking the Pacers that's not just doing it to be the, I'm the guy who's taking the Pacers guy.


I haven't, I mean, have you guys had a moment where it was like the Giants, Pat's Pat's undefeated season where you really thought the other team 'cause oh look, it's sports. This is the whole reason why we care about this stuff is we have to be surprised sometimes. So I always try to like figure out like, when's is there, is there a time to just go ahead and pick against everybody else? Because you feel like everyone's over rating the other side a little bit too much. I, I meant this is actually a question like do you have one in your past Yep. That you remember you were like, I'm on the other side of this. Yep. It was just a few short months ago. NFL playoffs commanders against the Lions. Yeah. That doesn't count. I know, But I Did do it. What about do the DOK in the Super Bowl?


Oh no. Dok. Well no, no. I guess that would be the opposite. That's the exact opposite. Hank got it. Hank did the No DOK, but H he did outta spite. So he didn't actually think that there was gonna be a dok. He just did it because he knew I was betting no doings. That's actually a great comp for the line. Yeah, because I think, what are the Pacers right now? Plus five 50? Yeah, something like that. I I'm trying to think, I don't think I have that Five 80. I thought it was this morning. Whatever. It's the same number. Keep going. I I Don't think there's been like it doesn't, you're you're you're talking about like big time games too, right? Because there, there are definitely moments like there's coaches, you know, where it's like, you know, Mike Vrabel used to do this with the Titans where it's like, oh here's a Titans game, like where everyone's picking against them and they're gonna win this game.


Or Mike Tomlin, Mike Tomlin on the road is a dog. It's like, well yeah, gimme Mike Tomlin on the road as a dog. But that doesn't really count. No, I don't think that that counts at all. And the gambling part of it that drives me crazy is when a guy takes the massive odds and then tries to take credit for like, picking it straight up like they thought that was gonna happen. Right. And that, that drives me fucking nuts. 'cause it's like, you know, somebody loves the payout, so then they, they invest in the payout and then they pretend after the fact. Like if somebody were to bet the Pacers who's just a gambler and then the Pacers win. It's like I told you and it's like, did you, did you tell us or did you just like the odds? Yeah. I Also think it's different obviously in football than it's in bat.


You got seven game series here. Yeah, I That's true too. And I look I didn't mean to dismiss you on the Commander's thing, but that's because you're a fan of them. No. So No Pacers away. Yeah. IIII agree with that. It's, it, I think anybody that's picking the Pacers right now, I would be shocked if I heard a good basketball reason behind it besides just the fact that everyone else is taking the other side. So I'm gonna be different. Yeah. The I, this might be a, a goal of ours. We gotta figure out, we gotta fi finally call our shot on a game. What If it's the Pacers? What If it's the Pacers? But we're definitely just doing it. Well it's the Pacers to be different and I can't do that to Caruso. What about Travis Hunter? 40 to one. We had that no big deal. What did you get on his number being retired?


What was the payout on Sha door's number being retired? Ooh, good Question. That one was actually minus money. Alright, so We gotta find one. We gotta do this at some point we gotta find a, a big game. The but we should all opposite. But we all, yeah. 'cause we do this for a living and we're, we're we're wrong enough on the favorites. Right. To just feel like, hey, do we just 'cause and again, like to the dismissive point, 'cause I, we live it every single day. The guy that can't stop tweeting about his fucking team, who then is like, see I told you. Right? And you're like, what was your, what was your fucking reasoning? Right? Yeah. And also other, what was the alternative? The other outcome was gonna make you cry. Like, you know. So to me those never really count all that much.


That happens a lot in college football too. Yeah. It's like, oh yeah, you know, you didn't think we could do this. It's like, well why did you think you could do it? Yeah. Like I'm telling you right now, like my, my process was far less emotional than yours was and you ended up being right about it. But this is sometimes it's fun, man. You know who Stanford, Steve every now and would just Totally Yeah. At ya. Yeah. But Stanford, Steve also has been doing this thing to me and I don't know if it's like a bit, but I, he's been like texting me to like, take things and I'm, I think he's just trying to get me to change the odds a little bit. Like super long shots and then I'll bet it and then he'll like do something else. So that's how I ended up with the Kyle Schwarber 90 to one MVP ticket. That's some sinister shit.


He might be doing it. I don't know. I Have, I have somebody who will hit me up being like, Hey, don't you think this? And I would be like, yeah. And then I kind of think like, this guy's already heard me say this, so he knows I think exactly this. And then he'll, he'll be like, you know, I can't believe all these people think this. And I'll be like, yeah. I, again, I agree. I I've said this like seven times. We are in agreement and then I realize like he has a future on it and wants me to keep banging the table more and more for it. Yeah. So let's get the brains going though. Let's, let's hop on the group chat, find a long shot that we, that we believe in and then we can cl How about this one? By the way, SSO was, was talking about Travis Hunter there. What?


Me texting him being like, Hey, you should talk about Travis Hunter more. Oh yeah, yeah. No, but I'm just saying I wasn't talking about you, but that did happen because I wouldn't think that you would do it to me. But I guess you wanted an outside guy because I, I remember when that text happened and I said, are you nuts? I go, I'm actually doing an open on it today. And you were like, good, I can't wait. And then after I did it, Big Cat goes, I, that was really good. I have a 40 to one on it Because I did, I think I did the segment where I went, Hey, like who are we kidding at this point? Like based on the field, I don't even know like, who else are you voting for at this point? And then Big Cat was like, that was really well done. One of your best monologues. Good job. Because I was gonna put you on the Panthers.


Yeah. Carolina Panthers be on the Panthers, Carolina Panthers to win the NFC Be a crazy one. I believe in Bryce Young. What Can I say? You know, it's funny, man. I was really happy with Bryce Young this year. I, I started rooting for Bryce Young only because it felt like people wanted to retire after week eight of his rookie season. Yeah, Yeah. If I had his height, I would be in the NFL. Was he 5, 5 10. Well, a question about SGA if they thunder go on and win this, is he up like wi, where is he top seven all time season. Top nine. I don't like it's All time season. I don't know that off the top of my head. Yeah, It's pretty crazy when you actually stack it up.


MVP scoring Title 80 plus win team. Like, it's kind of, he's in a weird spot where he's kind of underrated because people don't like watching his game, which I understand the complaints, but like he, he will submit one of the, one of the best seasons ever in terms of totality. Just seasons I'm talking about. Yeah, just seasons. I'd have to do more work on it. But two things that you said there. One, the free throw thing I think was really worried about it, like a Brunson SGA finals because there's a always a bit of a reminder, like I remember there was some hardened stuff in 2018 where you could tell how little regular season Houston Rockets basketball people on social media had actually watched her during the regular season.


And it was like, what the fuck is this you like First Rockets game? Yeah. Like, and you could see with Brunson and SGA just more eyes were on it in a way where people were paying attention. And again, I'm not the gatekeeper like this, it's not like I'm A-W-N-B-A fan and I don't want people to watch my product, but I look at it where I was worried about what could happen there with Brunson and SGA and I also, it becomes like just so annoying. It's a bit like, it's a bit political where again, the only people defending Brunson are Knicks fans with it, you know, and it's on the SGA side, it's like, no, no, no, your foul suck. Our foul suck less.


And then you have foul totals and you go, Hey, you know, I like how you guys made something that's pretty simple, really complicated for those of us that have no emotional tie to it whatsoever. The foul merchanting of today fucking sucks. Yeah. Compared to the total number of free throws. Like we watched all those games, and I'm not saying Jordan didn't get a few calls, you don't need to clip me as if Case closed, but over the course of like whatever the free throw rates were or the free throw totals were, it sucks way more now with the most egregious players than it ever sucked in the past. Because the officials don't penalize the players in the past verbatim them. The old school officials in Van Gundy said this to me so I don't even have to believe me. He's like, the old school guys would police it in this gray area, which is what officiating needs to be more like, where it's like, Hey, you got me and fuck you right rest of the game.


Right? Like, I'm never giving you one of those and guess what the player stops doing? All of that stuff. So I just think there's a lot of smart people that started counting up free throws for any guy. Pick a guy you don't like trying to argue, oh, actually historically it's not that bad. It's like, okay, so now you've just eliminated the visual comparison where it's certainly more bad or worse I should say. And you know, unfortunately gets in the way of what can be awesome, awesome games in an awesome product. You, you, This is where il you doing a podcast on your own hurts you because you have to speak the truth. We did something accidentally on this podcast that's actually been very great for us. I went after Jalen Brunson's Foul, merchanting and PFT went after SGAs Foul Merchanting. So like, there's always a guy who did, like, people will be like, tag me in a tweet and be like, oh, but PFT doesn't like this and tag PFT and a tweet and be like, oh, but Big Cat doesn't like Brunson.


So yeah, no, we split it right down down the middle lines. The now now it's to the point where Oklahoma City fans, they don't think I should take any joy in Alex Caruso winning a championship. Yeah. We We split it Right down the middle. I I do stand by my take with SGA and you're right, it's the thing I don't like about the the foul merchant stuff. It's not the act of shooting free throws. Like, don't get me wrong. I would rather see open, I would rather see like, you know, not a whistle every 30 seconds and guys go into the line, but like free throws. I don't get triggered by watching people shoot free throws. I get triggered by watching guys dribble through the lane fall down, acting like they're falling down because they got fouled, but they're falling down under control, shooting a shot that they've practiced when they practice flopping and then getting to the line that way.


That part to me, that's hard to watch. Yeah. I think Brunson's grocer than SGA is because there's so much with Brunson that's off the ball. Like shoving a guy as he's trying to cut and then like every single thing with Brunson is some sort of dramatic sell. I mean, you'd think he'd get sick of it on, on some of the off ball stuff. I mean he drew, like Nick's fans would always say, oh, look at his free throw rate and look at his free look at all these other guys. It's like he actually drew the second most fouls per game than any other player in the league. And number one is Giannis by pretty healthy margin because Giannis is just you, you just, there's nothing you can fucking do against that guy physically. But to bring a a, some sort of conclusion on this thing that you'd asked me about SGAs all time season, I don't know again off the top of my head, but this is when we're really dangerous because the morning shows can't, if SGA runs through this finals, MVP, which is all a very likely outcome coming off of this MVP and for a guard to have the efficiencies that he had and he would've had the, the free throw part of it that I would defend SGA on is like, it's not like he's just some free throw guy and that's the only thing that's working here.


Right. He's fucking incredible. All right. But those shows, if that happens, it's gonna be like, Hey, does this guy have the NBA belt? Is this Yeah, the best player basic in the world? And this is where I would be probably a downer on those TV shows is I'd go, I have 'em fourth still. Like I know he just won the title. I feel like that yoic series against OKC is like, I don't know how anybody watches that series than feels worse about Yoic this year. To me Yoic is unobtainable. Like you cannot get to his level right now. And there's gonna be a lot of people arguing just because it's better, it's better.


Nobody goes, you know, mission Impossible eight comes out, nobody in the, the review goes third best one. Right. It has to be the best mission impossible ever. And it's the best one. Every fucking time there's a new one. And with SGA on the cusp of this, nobody's gonna feel like they're having fun. If they're saying, yeah, okay, now I have 'em ahead of Giannis where I would have Giannis and Yoic ahead of everybody and then we could talk about Luca and SGA, which is kind of funny. Like Luca, SG like SGA is still sort of locked in. I don't know, I don't think a sane person, a real basketball person should look at this and be like, okay, SGA is now the best in the world because they're gonna look back on that take in October going, whoa, I got fucking caught up in everything. Yeah.


Yeah. But what's what's crazy about s G's game is he doesn't have to do the foul merchant stuff. He would still be, he doesn't have to, he's a gr he's a great player. He's a great player when he's not doing that. Yeah. And by the way, your point, I agree with saying accolades like one of the most impressive years doesn't mean he's the best. I'm just saying like statistically when you match it all up, what he did this year could be up there with like, holy shit, that was an insane season. Doesn't mean I would take him over Yoic. Right? Like did you guys have Halliburton in your top 10? Yeah. Before the playoffs started? Oh yeah, Yeah I did. I had him, I had the Pacers above the, above the Celtics going in the Playoffs. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, we had him. Yeah, Hank hated that.


Who did you, Who did you have him ahead Of? I had him ahead of Brunson Tatum, I had him ahead of Tatum for sure. And Brown. Todd. Mitchell. Mitchell. Easily Giannis Paolo. Yeah. That's a good chunk. That's a good healthy chunk of guys right there. Indeed. You're better at it than I am because I have never thought Halliburton's a top 10 player. And by the way, nobody would even start shit with you saying that four weeks ago. No one would. I had him all NBA third team. So that means I believe he's in this kind of like 13th best to 17th best player. The Dak Range. Range. Yeah. Yeah. Which is a lot worse for Dak than his because there's so many basketball players and you know.


Yeah, I don't know. Over the course of a season, 48 quarterbacks. Yeah. Really, you know, maybe 28 months. Hey Dak Range is a great range to be in. He's got paid a shit load Of money's. You should do that. Like if you were doing ESPN still, I got Halliburton in the Dak range. That's a real crossover. That'd be really funny. Greenie would be going nuts for That would be, greenie would be losing his mind. Oh, would on that one. What about he'd be like, Hey, let's, let's bump Jalen Rose. What about, you mean This one? Me and Big Cat have been working on this one. That this is gonna be the worst thunder team to win an championship because you're gonna get so much better over the course of the next couple seasons with their draft picks. This is actually a down year for the Thunder. Yeah, We're gonna look back. Hmm.


Wow. You might be right. Yeah. You like it, don't you? You Thought I knew about it and you were like, these boys Know they're gonna win four or five and we're gonna look back and be like, that 2025 team not that great compared to the 2020 S team. The 20 18, 28 Is when they come into form. Yeah. 20 eight's gonna be in special. I'll be happy if they win. Just so people can be like, okay, finally prestige good. Yeah. Like that group that was holding out, you know, this guy has just been like an absolute architect. He wants a certain kind of player, the personality part that they emphasize because there's a realness to this team. And like how, and look, the Pacers kind of have this too. So I, I'm not trying to make this all about the Thunder, but this is why they're the heavy favorites.


But the guy in the friend group or text chain that it's like, all right, gimme your three best executives in basketball. You'd be like, Presti. And then you know, the guy's like, you know, people talk a lot about how good Presti is. He hasn't won anything. You know what else is funny too about the Thunder? You're, you're Some great text threads. Yeah, that's a fun one. Yeah. I enjoy that one a lot. Changing my number soon. I'll get that to you guys. But let's, let's look at this thunder rebuild real quick. 'cause you realize it was only like a couple years. Yeah, yeah. They, They were in obviously Chris Paul, if his teammates, if SGA had stepped up more in that game, seven against the Rockets four years ago.


Well longer than That, that's what we all think. Yep, yep. Yeah. But yeah, They were bad for two years. Yeah. That's fucking Crazy. Crazy. Like that gets lost in, well, you know, hey, it finally paid off. They were, what was it, 20? So they lose in 20. That's the, the Rockets game. Remember Hardin had a block towards the end and they were like, you know, people knock this guy's defense. You're like, it's just fucking one play. All right. 22 and 50, 24 and 58. And when they went 40 in 42, 2 years ago, people were like, what the fuck? Like, they're, that's incredible that they're 40 and 42. It was two down years and some of these teams are on year 15.


Yeah. And it's also like, you could say a similar thing about the Pacers and the fact that the Pacers had, you know, when they had sbo, they traded for Saboni and Old Depot obviously was injured, but there's a lot of franchises that would just be like, oh yeah, we'll just, we'll just continue to be like the, the, you know, seventh to 10th best team in the East and like we're not gonna, you know, like to get out of what they were in that quickly too. Both these teams are just incredible built. If you could have the thunder's roster tomorrow and I said, you can't watch the Cubs for 10 years. Ooh, 10 years. Well remember a long time you're getting five championships Outta it is really awesome. Five championships, five.


Yeah. Minimum. My brother talks about that guy. He PCA. Yeah, he's fun. He's fun. He's so fast, So fun. I was like, what's going on? He is like, yeah, he is like my favorite player. He is gonna, I'll say this, there's gonna be a slight regression just because he's been playing out of his mind, but he's still very good. Like people are gonna start shit. You know, when when you can feel it coming, especially in baseball, you're Like, like Wally Joiner, This guy's going so hot. Obviously he's gonna have a stretch where he is not gonna get a couple hits and then the haters are gonna pile on and be like, see he actually does suck. That might, I'm, that's why he Take it to threads. Yeah. Bug You there? I'm, I'm getting ready for it. He's still awesome. I don't care. Ryan, I I got a question for you because I can just sense topics sometimes that you're going to be worked up about and, and I want just let you, because This, this whole SGA belt thing was the other open I was gonna do this week, but now I'm not gonna do it.


I Just want to hear you speak about small markets and what this means for the NBA as a whole. You can, you can, you can mix in a little ratings, like just Oh, that's Part, yeah. That's part of the small market Though. Yeah. Maybe, maybe the thought starter, like jumbo traveling Ratings aren't gonna be good. Yeah. Jumbos Are gonna good. Jambo tron in your head is a Clay Travis tweet being like, look, the N NBA's dying now go. Yeah. They're losing market share to the WNBA, which I also hate. Yeah. Yeah. Look, I I think a lot of the ratings decline stuff is driven by people's political beliefs where if you're really, really right wing, you love the idea of the NBA being a dying product because it's probably the most progressive of the league.


Certainly more progressive than the n the NHL. You know, there's a lot of bubble stuff that maybe I would even understand some of the criticism of, of, of being in the moment feeling like it was the right thing. And then looking back years later being like, you know, group economics jersey, what the fuck is That? But what I don't like is disingenuous arguments. And I would tell you people that are like in the TV game, the me, the people making these decisions that I've talked to of investing into live rights are like, who the fuck is using traditional ratings anymore? Right? And if you want to hit me over the head with every NFL rating, guess what I submit?


We, I'm gonna tap out before they even ask me if I'm ready in the octagon. I, I can't, I don't have an argument. It's, it's the best product. It's on network tv, everybody. It is a part of Americana. It's the best packaged, the scarcity of the inventory and all of those things. And the fact that it's an OKC Indiana matchup, like the guys are that are gonna be doing victory lapse on this. I already can name 'em all right. But I also saw like ratings numbers for OKC Minnesota that were terrible while ignoring like some really great New York Pacers series numbers. And you're just like, okay, as soon as I see what you're doing, like I remember this, one of my favorite examples of like how fucking pathetic some people are with their political ideology and just hitting you over the fucking head with it over and over and over again is when Kaepernick, that deal had been signed where Kaepernick was with Nike.


And if the Nike stock went down, then everybody on the right side of it was like, see fucking morons. And then the stock price would go up and then the left side of it would be like, this shows that America like gets it and whatever. And with the reality is it fucking had nothing to do with the Kaepernick deal. Yeah. It was just the way the markets fucking work. There was nothing significant. And whatever way the stock went for like two weeks, people were going back and forth and arguing it. And my whole point would be like, you're about to get an example, a piece of evidence that tells you now the NBA is now declining product when we already know because of the small market, the rating isn't gonna be strong. But is that really, is that really what this is?


Is that really what the investment is from the broadcast partners? Where it felt like every single person that has a channel wanted to get involved in the NBA? It's not the NFL, it's not perfect, but you know, you want to compare it to the nineties. Alright, let's do it with the NBA. It looks terrible. You wanna do it with any other fucking TV show from the nineties? 'cause I'm telling you right now, yeah, it's probably gonna look bad when you start comparing sitcoms to friends. Yeah. 7 billion people watch the Seinfeld finale. Are you aware of who I am? Larry, you got canceled. He got canceled, Dude, that that, that Larry King Seinfeld thing is so good. And, and some people were like, oh, Jerry kind of let him have it.


I'm like, I actually think he kind, you know, sometimes I don't prep for an interview and then I watch that Larry King Seinfeld one and I go, yeah, you prep enough. Ah, Brenda Marshall, I gotta, Yeah, Brenda Marshall, keep it, keep, keep it in this lane. Like I know I'm on and we're all friends. Do you think I'm crazy for having maybe a bit more open-mindedness of like what the ratings truths really are because I, I like, I don't know, maybe, maybe I'm the, because I know it's like, oh, you're the NBA guy. So I, I defend what I think is like a reasoned way of looking at things and I'm, I'm not trying to tell you like, hey, it's the NFL 'cause that'd be fucking stupid of me to even try to do.


But you know, if the NHL dips in ratings or the MLB dips in ratings, nobody ever talks about how progressive they were as a league. I, I, I also just find it very funny that like, I, I watch, I don't watch sports to be like, I hope a lot of people are also watching this with me. Yeah. Like, I, I just don't, I like, I'm excited for these NBA finals. I'm going to watch all the NBA finals. If the ratings stink, I'm not gonna be like, damn, well, that was a waste of time. Yeah. I, I like the other part of this is kind of like, you ask the owners and you go, what do you want? Well, they, they just did the new TV deal. So timing of things. If it were expiring, you know, this summer or, you know, again, they'd have the negotiation done prior to that. But like, if, if the heat of the negotiation was coming off, what's gonna be potentially a terrible ratings final, you know, maybe that impacts the value of it.


But it does feel like all of these broadcast partners go, Hey, I'd still rather be in the second best live rights thing right outside of football. Which again, college football and the bowl games and what those numbers do are incredible and everything like that. But on a, on a grander scale of like what the owners want or don't want, I mean, this, this league forever, the lack of parody. If you didn't have a top five guy, if you didn't have a number two guy that was number 10, like, it really was like, there was no point. And for a long time, we were conditioned to accept that if one team had two stars, then the next third star was gonna be mad and want to go join those guys. So clearly, in a way to pull back some of the, from the, the player empowerment decade that we had, the owners introduce stricter financial restrictions, when you really dig into what happens to a team when it's over the second apron for a little while, it's like you're losing draft picks and all this stuff.


Or like, Hey, in the past when the player said, I want to go there and only there, now you can go back to that player saying, Hey, we'd love to do it for you, but we actually are not legally allowed to do any of those things. And on top of it, trying to, even though it's a, a split, which is a percentage, and the players are guaranteed that amount of money, the restrictions for what individual teams can do, it felt like all the owners wanted these things to speak to greater parity, to pull some of the power back and then feel like they have a better chance. So there's a version of this finals matchup where you go in a world where it felt like this league had the least amount of parody. Is it actually on this stretch of parody that is better for all of the markets as opposed to the very top.


Now granted, look, the, the NBA office is still rather this be Nick's Lakers. Who are we? Fucking kidding. But if you're an owner of any of these teams, you probably feel like you have more of a chance than you've ever had before with this version of the NBA agree. I, I think it's better as a whole. And like Big Cat said, I, I personally don't care what the, the ratings are. I don't care if other people are watching it en mass like they have in the past. But the one thing I do care about is afterwards when they put out the ratings of like the 50 most watched events on TV this year, I care about it all being NFL and then maybe one NBA game or Maybe an Olympics. And then Albert Breer quote tweeting it and saying, NFL is king. Yeah. That's what I care about. Yeah. Because we respect the Shield. That's my Super Bowl. Yeah. You guys are big football guys.


You Could say that. Yeah, I know. I see. Like the countdowns. Yeah, the countdowns to like week one. Yeah. Tweets. It'll get like 7,000 likes. Yeah. We have a countdown clock in our office. College football countdown clock. That one I don't understand. I'll never understand it. The, like, how many fucking tackles did you make? You know, like, I don't, what, I don't really get that. No, I don't get the prideful. Like, well, I am a football guy. Well, you wouldn't. Yeah. You, you are a basketball guy. No shit, Ryan, I guess I don't get it. Yeah, You would never get it. We're speaking a different language to, you know, listen. Yeah. But For me, who watches like 20 hours of football a weekend. Yeah. See, for you it's a job for us.


It's life. Yeah. And that's okay. You're, listen, listen, You're right. You have that shirt too, right? That says Football is life. Yeah. Football is life. The rest is just details. This is a long Way. I can't even wear that. This Is a long way of us saying like, Hey, we, we hope your little league does Okay. In the NBA finals. All right. Like, we're, we're root for you. Thanks For giving this platform. We're Rooting for you.


I got, I got one last question. Rollback question ROAC k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com. Promo code. Take Ryan.


Well, I need your official prediction and then I'll ask the last question. Thunder in Five. I played, I think it was plus six 80 Thunder Games. One and two Pacers Game three, thunder game four and five. Ooh, I like that. I like that. Alright, my last question. As a former ES Esper, obviously there was a lot of talk this week inside the NBA's going to ESPN. Who's the weirdest person that could be on inside the BA? Is it like Shafter or someone? I, I think it's more interesting to like, well, by the way, I don't wanna make the Meina Kimes joke again because that Ended up I wasn't joking. I know, I know. Because I wasn't, and I haven't talked to her, but I, I saw her respond to awful announcing, which I was surprised wasn't doing another leotard story.


So they had room for something else. Something Changed, by the way, recently with awful announcing. They just, I aggregate every, everything. It's like, everything's a beef. It's, it's, it's bizarre. I don't know what, Well, I think they do big numbers. They do, they do really big numbers. 'cause there's a, there's a show that basically started like pivoting into covering every single beef. And my whole point was the people that lose their minds when Mina is on a show. It had nothing to do with like No, I knew it. Yeah. So I, I don't know. I, you know, it, then it turned into a bit of a thing and I was, I was pretty busy yesterday, so I was like, I'm not gonna worry about this one today. Smart. Smart. It's gonna kind of let it, I'm gonna let it sort of live and then die off a little bit.


I do think it'd be really interesting to like see who would ask to be on it. Yeah. Who would like sincerely think, like, I don't think shifter's beyond being crazy enough to be like, do Do you need me? Could could it happen? Call Know. You need a point guard. Yeah. You need somebody to come in. I Listen And do something. I know they say can't win with small point guards. I won't. No playoffs, regular season only. What about, I don't know how Stephen A doesn't just like, Oh, he's gonna all over. He is on that show. He's on the show. He's sitting in Chuck's lap, But they're not gonna want that. Oh. You know, who'd be a good one? Boomer. Ah, well, boomer deserves to be on it. I wouldn't, and I love him and I now I'll get aggregated.


I could see Orlowski maybe getting in there for, for a segment. He's Tall as shit. He's really tall. He's a great athlete. They'd probably just bring him in to talk about food. Yeah. Chuck would just make fun of his like, yeah, hey, eat a Reese's in front of us. We wanna make fun of you. Kovski would be like, you know what? I put in my cereal instead of milk, his mayonnaise and then boom, that's 45 minutes of tv. Oh, You know, it'd be killers if we KY wasn't allowed. And he sat down and just turns to the group and goes, I'm here to bring the white guy's perspective. Oh yeah, Dan doing weird food. I I would watch that for sure. I would watch Stanford Steve on inside the NBA too. Yep. That crew loves Stanford, Steve. Oh, Everyone does. Oh, There's, there's behind the scenes people that love Stanford.


Steve, he's hung out with them. He might have the best chance if Ernie's off, I could see them asking Van Pel and then them liking. 'cause Chuck likes Van. Everybody loves Van Pel too. That would be, but I don't, I disagreed with Bill. Bill was like, they're gonna fuck it up. And they can't, everybody, everybody treats that show. Like everyone finds it. I mean, you could even make an argument. The show's a little fucking overrated. Oh, that's good. That's awful. Yeah, right there. Yep. No, just, We didn't say Just that. When they come on and they don't want to talk about the game and Shaq dumps on a center and then they're like, we didn't even know who this guy is. Or this game sucked.


Like the fact that they've been doing it this long. They can get away with all that stuff when the segments are really long and then it goes into the unplanned stuff. They're better than that than everybody else. But there's a lot of stuff in that show. If you were starting it out being like, what the fuck did those guys just do? Like, we've all accepted it. If that show launched next week Yeah. And none of those guys have been in TV and they say and do some of the stuff that they do, they would be much like, much more harshly criticized. Oh yeah. And because it's also not an ESPN show and it gets to be a TNT show, I think that gives it a bit of a bump. But look, they already what, I mean, they almost had release some sort of statement like getting in front, in front of the whole thing by saying, we're actually not going to do what Simmons said.


Yeah. Well, they can't, which is crazy. Right. They can't mess with it because the reaction will be so severe if, if it, if it changes at all. Like it is such a beloved show and it's hard to have a show that has that high of approval rating that if they mess with it, like you don't bring in that show and mess with it. And, and Barkley could also just say, Hey, they're trying to fuck with our show on Right on the air. He would say it immediately. On the air. Right. Immediately. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, you can't do that. I would have a hard time believing that. Like, I mean, they're probably gonna be overly sensitive to try like, Hey, what kind of lens do you guys use? Right. You know, like, is that desk a different color? Like Uhoh, like I would be surprised if at some point you wouldn't have like a Stephen a going and having to stop by or something.


But people are gonna be so mad about it when it happens. You better wait until like April. Yeah. Yeah. I hope if they get SVP to sit in, they make 'em wear the bow tie. Like you're, we're just gonna call you Ernie for Tonight. Yeah. Tall Ernie. Yeah, I know. And just SVP getting little brothered and he's like 57. Yeah. Oh. All right Ryan, you're the best. Everyone listen to Ryan Illa podcast. Thank you. Excited about the NBA finals. Listen, we're gonna watch, so we're gonna do our part. Alright. But now I'm disappointed 'cause I I want to talk about what I was reading. Oh yeah. Oh, go by all means. Go ahead. Almost done with Chernow's latest opus thousand pages on Mark Twain.


Oh Wow. Mark Twain's a fascinat. You know, he was a, he was a Shakespeare truther. He would've tweeted a ton. Yeah. Thousand pages on Mark Twain. Yeah. Didn't know I needed it, But now I can't put it down. Yeah. I mean, look, it's churn now. You gotta isn't a citizen as, as a legal citizen, you gotta do your part and read churn out. Yeah. So would you characterize Twain as a humorist or as a satirist? Oh, satirist. Yeah. Okay, good. Because yeah, definitely humorist is a word that people use for people that are trying to be funny. That aren't funny. Yeah.


Bummed out guy though, man. She's not your takeaway. Mark Twain not so happy. Bummed out guy. Bummed out guy. There's the book. You don't have to read the book now. Oh man. All right Ryan, you're the best. Alright, Thanks guys. Thanks.


Bumped out Guy Ryan Silla was brought to you by Experian. We're gonna take a moment to talk about BFFs like my BFF over there on the couch. Hank Hank is just such a good guy. Great guy. BFF Hank right for Life ride or die. F-F-L-B-F-F. Ffl. B-F-F-F-L. Yep. Well there's one BFF that always looks out for you. Introducing your big financial friend Experian. Experian has a bunch of legit ways to help you save and get this. The Experian app lets you check your FICO score and a bunch more totally BF, F kind of things to help you manage your finances. But your other BFFs can't do all that. Huh? Experian is here to support you in making smart financial decisions and maximize your financial potential. Get started by download the Experian app at no cost and let your big financial friend help you take control of your financial future. Get started by downloading the Experian app today.


Silla was also brought to you by Aura. That's right. Aura Ring. New sponsor alert. Here's an easy question. How are you feeling today? Now a harder question. Why? If you had an aura ring on your finger, it wouldn't be such a mystery. Aura gives you personalized updates about your sleep, stress, activity, heart health recovery and more. All from a sleek, smart ring. You'll get incredible data about your body, including long-term trends and feedback on the stats that matter for living a long, healthy life. That's why everywhere I look I see more and more people wearing one. Since the Aura ring looks like a normal ring, you're getting all the benefits of health tracking without looking like you're wearing a gadget. It's accurate, it's comfortable, it's durable. And up to eight days of battery life, you can forget you're even wearing it. That's a game changer. Eight days of battery life on the Ora ring. Getting old has never looked so good. Now give Aura the finger. Learn more@oraring.com slash pmt. That's O-U-R-A-R-I-N g.com/pmt. And now here's a good friend Keith Yandel.


And now for something completely different. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest, very good friend, colleague from Spit and Chiclets. It is Keith Yandel. Very. You want another one? I'll take another. Well, it's hard When it's recurring guest and coworker and friend. So it's like, I don't know how many, I don't know if I go very, very good friend or very, very special guest. Do you know what I mean? I'll take both. Okay. I'd say great friend. Even better guest. Yeah. Wow. That's huge. Yeah. I'll take, I'll take anything. Yeah. Alright, so Stanley Cup final, we're ready to go. Your Florida Panthers verse wits Edmonton Oilers.


There it is right there. Let's start with the most important thing. I told you that you got an invite from Marlon's Band to sit on the glass and you just, I think you've just haha it and not replied. Is that, does that mean that you are gonna go with Marlon's man and sit on the glass? Well, your text was, I Marlon's man has four seats on the glass. Ys has one, so I thought that was already clear. Cut that done. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Done. Okay, good. So you're gonna sit with Marlon's man. Are you excited for that? Yeah, I can't wait. Never sat on the glass before. So that'll be a first. I I plan on wearing all my clothes.


I'm like the last guy who's sitting on the glass that works for this company. Yes, Yes. So yeah, it should be a lot of fun. You, you, Marlon Mar I met Marlon's man at, at the, at the racetrack down at the Gulf Stream one time. And obviously his shirt said Marlon's man. I told him that we're very, very, very good friends and very good coworkers. So, you know, I talked to him for a bit, but what a trip that guy is. Yeah, yeah. I remember that. You, you FaceTimed me outta the blue and I was like, oh, Ys his FaceTiming in the middle of the day and then you just put the phone on Marlin's, man. I was like, oh man, here we go. He's locked in. You gotta Ask him about his cats when you're hanging out with him. He has All he could talk about was your mom. Oh, Jesus Christ Marlin's man.


That's who's crazy. I'm like, man, I love the guy, but let's stay away from family here. Marlin's man. Agree. Yeah, let's, let's be clear about that. Yeah, you should ask him about his cats. He's got like nine main coon cats and they're all, I think like 50 pounds. He's got Panthers living in his house. Yeah, Yeah. Well that means that's, so he got the seats on the glass for free, just for being that big of a loyal fan and owning that many cats. That's awesome. Alright, let's talk, let's talk some hockey. How are you feeling confidence wise? Obviously a rematch from last year goes seven now you gotta go to Edmonton first. It feels like the Panthers are the best team, but like, are, are you nervous at all that like, this might be a storybook, Connor McDavid kind of like Sidney Crosby, kind of like Wayne Gretzky where he loses and then wins against in the rematch type of year?


Yeah, no, I mean, ev everyone puts all that type of stuff out there in the internet. They did it for, you know, the first round series against Toronto with, you know, biz and hi his buddy Hockey Illuminati making. It's just people making up ways to hopefully help their team win. But I I, I don't see anything with it. You know, different, different times, different players, different teams. That stuff means absolutely nothing. Obviously it's good storylines and something to talk about, but I think when it comes down to it, it, it, it really doesn't mean anything. And this Florida Panthers team and they, they know what they're doing. They know how to play in these big games.


Obviously Edmonton back in the finals as well. But yeah, I just, I think that Florida's too deep, too big too mean and, and, and they're ready to roll. So if, if we're comparing it to last year, that would be a pretty fair comparison. Right. Two, same, two teams rematch. Which team do you think improved the most over the last 12 months? Honestly, I'd probably say Florida, you know, there was a lot of talk with Edmonton getting a little bit older and a little bit slower. But, you know, those guys have helped him out a ton this year. I think, you know, Corey Perry 40 years old. I think this is his fifth or sixth Stanley cup of parents. So I, I wouldn't even say that that's, you know, a bad thing for them getting older and slower.


They're, they're, they're getting a lot of help from those guys. But I think just what the, the moves that Florida made with bringing in, you know, a stud defenseman like Seth Jones and then, you know, Brad Marshan, who's ar probably gonna be a hall of famer and a guy that is, is built for playoff hockey and built the way that Florida has been playing the last few years. So in my opinion, I would say Florida got, you know, obviously they were really good last year and won it all, but I, I think they got even better and even deeper. So From like a nerd hockey perspective, I, I feel like I kind of understand Florida, but maybe you can explain it better. Like their strength is their depth and the fact that they are able to just keep on rolling lines and forecheck the fuck outta you and you basically never feel like you have good footing in an offensive set.


Is that fair to say? Yeah, very fair. And I don't even know if it's like a depth thing. 'cause every team's deep and has good players and there's so many good players in the league. I think it's more like, I, I give a lot of credit to Sasha Barkov. Like if someone on his line goes out, they can bring a guy in from the stands and he, he's gonna look like he's been playing on his line all year. It just goes to show how good barky is and you know, just a true hockey player where he just, all he wants to do is make people around him better. He is so unselfish, just won the sy just won the leadership award as well. So just the guy that has all the hardware and you know, has nothing to prove in this game.


He, he's gonna be a hall of famer, but I think just what he does for his line mates and the guys that are playing with him to, to help them, you know, be a better player to help them, you know, get their success. 'cause he, he honestly, like, he doesn't care about himself. All he cares about is winning. And you know, you see, I think it was two series ago, Bo Quist who hadn't played at all, gets put on his line and he had two goals and like he, he looks like he was a, you know, a first line player. So I, I think a lot of that credit should go to Barky with how deep their team is just 'cause they can plug anyone in with him and, and he's, he's a horse and, and they can, they can, they can flourish with him. I wanted to get your, your feedback on a very important issue to us as a podcast, the handshake line.


We love the handshake line, the best tradition in sports, but there was some controversy about the handshake line in the Eastern Conference finals. Can you tell us one, if we should be offended as handshake line guys and two, should coaches be in the handshake line? Yeah, I think you should be offended and yes, coaches should be involved. I think, I mean obviously I'm not a coach and Paul Maurice has done it a lot longer than, you know, 90% of the guys in the league. But I, I just think that, you know, maybe he's downplaying how much that the coaches mean to a team, especially during playoffs. It's, you know, the hours that they're putting in, you know, the, the schemes that they're coming up with, the video that they're watching, I think they deserve to be in there and, you know, whether you're winning a series or losing a series, going through that handshake line, you know, just what it means to, you know, shake every guy's hand, look 'em in the eye, tell 'em good either good luck or good series.


It, I think it's one of the best traditions in hockey and it shouldn't, it shouldn't be taken away. Yeah. I watched the games for the handshake line sometimes and, and to have the coaches just say, we're not a part of it. Dude, you're part of it. You're part of this team. Yeah, I think he was saying that that coaches didn't used to be, but then they became part of the handshake line and now they're trying to pull that back and they're trying to say, no, we're not doing this anymore. I say the more handshakes the better. Yeah. I I I do like how they only do it once. Like you never hate shaking hands after a regular season game. It's kind of, it's all hate till, you know, that that seven game series where guys are literally trying to kill each other and, you know, to just show the, the amount of class that guys have of going out there shaking guys' hands and, and you know what it mean.


And, and like you guys, like fans love seeing it. You know, you see these animals going to work every single night and and trying to kill each other and then they're just shaking hands and giving hugs and licking their wounds. Did you, did you ever get in a handshake line where you shook hands with someone and they're like, I don't really think they mean it. Like they're not respecting the handshake line? No, not really. I, my most favorite one is when it was Montreal in Boston and Milan, Luci like, looked every single guy in the eye. I think Montreal beat Boston. He was like, ba basically like, I'm gonna kill you next game. I'm Gonna kill you Next game. Look, look it up. It's one of the most frightening thing because he, he was, he was like a bonafide monster.


Like he could, he could have beat up anyone and he'd score 20, 30 goals a year. So I, I think that one kind of sticks out the most, but I was never a part of anywhere there was any shenanigans going on. Is it usually just guys being like, go win it all? Yeah. Yeah. It, it usually, yeah, it depends because at the end of the day, if you do lose to a team, it looks better if that team that beat you goes on to win the Stanley Cup. So you, you're probably rooting for them a little bit. But yeah, it, it's usually the great series, you know, during playoffs you're mostly playing against the same guys. You're match up, you're matched up against the same guys. So you see a lot of each other and you know, just the telling, telling a guy great series, you, you know, you you did a number on me.


Those type of things that it, it goes a long way. I, I'm watching this video right now of Luci. He is just staring every guy. He's like, scary. He's like, you're fucking dead. You're fucking dead. And the Canadians are just like, come on guys, let's get through this line. He's gonna start a fight out here. That guy rocks. Yeah, he's the man. Are you worried at all about Skinner starting to kind of stand on his head a little bit because he has, he's had weird moments in these playoffs obviously. They started down, what was it, oh two, did they start the whole playoffs? Yeah. Down oh two The Kings, right? Yeah. About the against the Kings. He had the, you know, buzzer beater goal with the, with the Golden series. But in between that he's been awesome and like, are like, do you, do you feel confident that Bob is gonna outplay Skinner or is there a chance that Skinner has another level to him?


I think it's a it that this layover is good for the Panthers. I think, you know, worst case, I think I, I think they might lose first game. I think there's gonna be a lot of goals.


So take the over first game, love that sponsored by DraftKings. Yep. But yeah, I, I think that's gonna hurt them because I don't think Skinner can turn it on like Bob can.


I think you gotta have to be that, that different type of animal that Bob is where, you know, if he goes out on, on on Wednesday tonight when the show's airing, he, he could give up six and then the next game give up none. But, so I think for Oilers fans, if, if Skinner does go out and lay an egg, you know, tonight I think they could be in for a long series. But I think Bob has the mental capacity to, if he does have a bad game, to shut it off and, and go on to the next one. How, how much does Conor McDavid scare you? Because I mean that's obviously he's the best player in the world. Is there hockey's not like a NBA where it's like, alright, team with the best player's gonna win.


It's a more of a team sport, but is there a world where you're like, what if Conor McDavid just like plays out of his mind and, and that that could be it? Yeah, and it does scare me a little. I mean obviously he's been amazing this whole playoff series, but I mean this whole, you know, playoffs, but remember last year I think he had 40 points, which is insane. And you know, so there could be one of those series where he really just pops off and he is, you know, got 15 points by the end of this end of this series. So that, that scares me a little bit. 'cause you know, he's one of one where, you know, he's a guy that at any time can do whatever he wants on the ice. He can, you know, score goals, have, you know, make great plays and he is got a, you know, another top five player in the league, Leon Dry sel with him.


And then when they put those guys together when they're down a goal or two, it's scary as an opposing team, you know, you're gonna get a lot of, lot of shots on you, a lot of time in your D zone. But like we said earlier with the, you know, with Bob, I think he's that guy in there that kind of settles the group a little bit. And, And we talked to Sam Reinhardt yesterday and he is, you know, they play whether d are up in the play, they're pinching, they're up in the offense and you know, they're willing to make some mistakes and give up some odd man rushes. 'cause they know they got Bob back there to, you know, to settle them down and make big saves. But yeah, Connor does scare me a little bit, you know, just with how good of a player he is. But I, I think Florida has the guys that, that can control him.


Alright, so play devil's advocate 'cause obviously you're rooting for the Panthers. What, what do the Oilers have to do to win this series? Oh man, I think I, I think it has to be McDavid, the McDavid show. I think he's gotta put on a clinic. I think he's, you know, earlier you said you look at the history of when Sid and Wayne and, you know, those guys passing the torch. I think for him to win this series, he's gotta he's gotta be the guy all series and not have any shifts off because Florida's a team that doesn't take any shifts off. They're big guys play hard every single night. E even when Florida's big guys aren't scoring, like they're, they're making plays defensively.


They're not giving up opportunities. So I, I really think for him, if they're gonna win this, he's gotta put on a show for the ages. Do You, is do you think Florida's dirty? Yeah. Oh yeah. I love that. I I mean they are they, they, it feels like they get under everyone's skin and they're, do you think like they'll not go like, well yeah, they'll, they'll take runs at Conor McDavid in this series? Yeah, I mean you look at, last year Sam Bennett and Connor McDavid grew up playing on the same team. I think they're, you know, really good friends and, you know, Bennett's punching him in the face after whistles, they're getting under his skin. And you know, it is just when, especially in the, in the Stanley Cup playoffs, like it's, you know, they call it North Bay rules.


'cause I guess there was a prison up in North Bay that there was no rules. So they call it North Bay rules where it's just anything goes, gotta find a way to win the game. And Florida's done a really good job of that. But also staying outta the box too. 'cause Edmonton's a team, if you get, if you get stuck on the PK all night, you're, you're gonna be losing a lot of games. Yeah, Yeah. So in terms of just the style matchup between the two teams, who would you say on paper has the advantage given the brand of hockey that they play? Probably say Florida. I think home m obviously is gonna help Edmonton, but Florida's been really good on the road too. So I, I just, I really think that the way that Florida's built to play, they're built to play in in, in the playoffs.


They're big. They're mean, they're fast, they're d are huge, you know, guys like Aaron Blad, mla, like these guys are six four with massive, you know, wingspans that can eliminate you anywhere on the ice. And, you know, so I, I just, I really think that their d especially are, are just built for playoffs. Like guys like Seth Jones, he's six four, probably two 30 and just eliminates guys. So just, yeah, I I would say Florida probably has the upper hand of the way that they're built. All right. I, I wanna talk Chiclets real quick because there's a storyline that came out this week. It echoes it's very NBA actually, I know you guys don't like to hear that, but one of the stars of your show Biz revealed that he's actually been injured throughout the entire playoffs, but he's got gout.


How did biz get gout? He looks to be in pretty good shape. Well, he told us last night, and I looked it up online, he's eating 20 ounces of steak a night. He's eating, he's eating a, he's eating a 12 ounce steak for dinner, like a normal at seven o'clock at t and t they treat you right? Like they got runners taking and he's getting it from Morton's or whatever, like, you know, they're loading it with butter and salt. So He's Yeah, Yeah, he's getting, he's getting a 12 ounce steak at seven o'clock and then another eight ounce steak at, at 10 o'clock 11. He's like, oh, I just wanna just, 'cause he doesn't eat a mashed potato with it. He thinks that he's doing the right thing, but the guy is just such a dragon.


You, he sent a video walking through the airport the other day. It was so fucking funny. Like, how do you eat that much steak in like, there's no, like, you shouldn't eat that in a month. Like right, Two steaks eat, mix in a chicken. I would even say one time I would even say if you eat 20 ounces of steak in one steak, that's different than having two separate servings of steak. Yeah. Go. 'cause your body's like, okay, I'm in steak mode, I'm gonna process the steak. But then like three hours later, his Body's like, what the fuck dude, more red meat. He's doing an encore of steak, dessert steak has never been done. His body's trying to break down the first 12 ounces as the X is, the next eight ounces are coming in and just, yeah, it's, he thinks, 'cause he, he only eats steak and goes for hikes that eat that he's healthy.


But to get gout not drinking is so unbelievable like that. He's gotta be the first guy in history to ever have that. That's incredible. And biz is in relatively good shape. He looks like he's still skinny. Works out for him to get gout. Yeah, it's like, maybe just only have one steak for dinner. That's your prescription. But like everybody else in the world maybe do it once a week. Yeah, yeah. Maybe twice a week. Like Morton's has chicken, Morton's has salmon. Yeah, you may have salad, you can get whatever you want there. It's he, I mean you guys know him more like, as much as I do. He, he's an excessive guy and whatever he's gonna do, he's going all in and he's all in on this stake.


Was it kind of a pussy move for him to admit this before the cup finals? Like this is something you gotta say after the cup finals? Yeah, it just goes to his inexperience, right? Like he's a Toronto Maple Leafs fan. They're not used to getting out. Like he's he's this To, he's over, yeah. Yeah, he's used to golfing right now. So, and he said that he, he, he threw out his L five S one, which is a running joke with our, with our group. 'cause he, he does more yoga than anyone. He stretches all day. Like if you ever see him like during Survivor, they'd have like five minute clips of him just stretching and it's like, yeah, he Does a whole routine in the morning. It's crazy. And he's still very unflexible. It's probably 'cause all the red meat.


Realistically, he's turning into a cow. I, I threw out a stat on PMT on Monday and I wanted your take on it because you actually were teammates with him. So this is the 45th consecutive year that a player in the Stanley Cup final is a teammate of Yamar Yager. You were a teammate of his. Was he just the best dude ever? It feels like he doesn't get talked enough about like being, you know, whatever you wanna say, top 10 player of all time also seems like the best dude. Was he just the best to be around? I loved him. He was, he, he was literally, he was like a kid that just loved hockey. That's all, literally all he cared about was hockey.


He was at the rink, you know, say you gotta be there at 9:00 AM He was probably there at like six 30 and he'd go home nap for a little bit and then come back to the rink. This is at home on the road, like where the arena is in, in Fort Lauder. In Sunrise. No one lives around there. Everyone lives in either Boca or Fort Lauderdale on the ocean. He lived within walking distance of the arena just so he could be close to the rink. So he could go there every time. But he, he was such a treat man. Like just his love for the game, like to be, I think he was probably like 42 years old when I played with him. And just how happy he was every day to be at the rink. I'd bring, like the way he used to snack on blueberry muffins or chocolate chip muffins.


And I'd get him a muffin every once in a while and he would love it. He'd eat it in the back of the bus. Like he was hiding something. But he was the best. He also had some great mullets. Did he, he still have the mullet when he played with you? No, no. I wish that old school mullet that he had was so good coming out of the jfa helmet. Probably the worst helmet of all time. But he made it look good. His hair at one point was like your lane. PFD. Yeah, it was long. And he had an aggressive mullet. I mean he, he cut that thing off like 90 degree angle at the ears and just the waterfall in the back. That, to me that's 1980s early nineties hockey. When I think of that, I think of Jagers mullet. It was beautiful. Yeah. YouTube, some of the videos of him, like when he first came over to play for Pittsburgh, like his first, I think one of the first things he bought was like a gene tuxedo.


'cause he just wanted to look like North American. Yeah. And like he, he'd drive his Porsches. He used to get, he told me he got some crazy speeding tickets of just, you know, he was just a young stud in the NHL. Just he, he was the best. And he, he, he deserves a lot of credit for how good barko is. 'cause Barkov kind of gravitated towards him. And then, you know, those guys would just go, go to the rink all day and put in work. And I think that the work ethic that Barky has a lot comes from Yos. Yeah. I, I had a dumb thought the other day when I was watching hockey. Do we underestimate how athletic the referees are in hockey? Mm. So I was telling my buddies the other day, like down here in Florida, people don't know a ton about hockey, but the linesmen, the guys who are breaking up the fights and calling out like they're the strongest guys on the ice, like, those guys grab you and it's like, oh man, it's like your dad grabbing you when you're a kid.


It's scary. Like they're big. They're all probably all the linesmen are probably 6 3 6, like, I'd say six two to six four and massive men. The, the, the refs are a little smaller but very athletic. You know, skating without a stick is like, for me, if I'm skating without a stick, you feel naked. Like you don't know what to do. And the way that they skate around the ice and you know, with four of them on the ice now too there, there's not a lot of room for them to move. They're always in a good position. Yeah. The rest don't get a lot of love. So, you know, you gotta give 'em a And then you see one of the chick Rooney took a stick to the eye this year. Yeah. He'll be doing the finals. He's one of the best in the, in the game, you know, comes back a week early.


I texted him a day or two. He's like, I'll be back, I'll be back. Like, these guys, these guys take it serious man. They, they, they love the game just as much as the players do. They take a lot of pride in what they do and you know, hopefully that gets to Florida. Some good calls this seriously And they don't come off the ice. That's crazy. Yeah. Like we always say like David David, he, he comes off the ice all the time. Yeah, Yeah. Even go public skating for 60 minutes straight or even, you know, 20 minutes they get arrested at in between the periods. But if you're standing up the whole time, like you're ba like, I don't know how goalies do it. I would take a knee every single timeout if I was a goalie down the other end. I don't know how they stand that long.


They're, they're just well-oiled machines. All the refs and goalies. Yeah.


Alright, last question. Rollback question. RHOB k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos. Hoodies. Joggers, shorts. Great. Father's Day stuff at Rollback. Use promo code. Take 20% off.


Alright. Give us, you have Panthers how many games? I think it's gonna go six. I think they steal won on the road early and take care of business at home and then, you know, win it at home. I think winning at home game six would be huge. You know, a a lot of that comes from, I don't want to go to Edmonton for game seven. I think we'd have to go for that. So I'm really, really playing praying. It's in game six. Yeah. Do You have a mayors bet with, with Whitney a mayors bet? Aless. Mayors bet. Yeah. No, we actually should you guys got any ideas? Let's see. You could give him some What's big in South Florida? Twosy.


Yeah. You give him Twosy and then if the Panthers win, he has to just tweet Conor McDavid as a fraud. Ooh. He would never do that. No, You would never do that. He might kill me by the end of this series. I know. I honestly think I, I I think he wants you dead at some point. Like if you're in, in, I don't know. I I don't know if you bet on them or not. And I, I didn't, I'm gonna Put some major money on the Oilers yet. I told Him so I i I figured it out. Like I was obviously busting his balls because we were texting about the Dallas series and he's like, you're rooting for Dallas. I was like, no dude, I'm, I'm rooting for the Oilers 'cause I want them to lose in the final. And so, and he like said, I was like, I might even just bet on 'em.


And he got very mad at me. I was like, you know what? I think this is actually where the line is. Like I'm not gonna bet on them because he, it might actually break up our friendship. So I'll I'll go up to that line, but I'm not gonna bet on the wheelers. I'm gonna watch it as a fan. I'm gonna bet over in game one. But yeah, he's, he might just take out all his anger on me, Me and Big Cat. This is exclusive. We have been named to be fan ambassadors for the Edmonton Oilers. Wow. Yeah. Which is huge. So now we're basically, I'm pretty much part of the team. That's huge. Yeah. You guys should go to the Moss pit. What's the Moss Pit? Have Seen video? Well we know what the Moss pit is. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. The Mos Pit Pit. That's what I'll tell the listeners Live Moss.


You tell the listeners It's, you know, it's a pit outside of their arena with a, a statue of Joey Moss, who was a guy that worked the visitor's room for a long time. He had Down syndrome. He was the best guy like ever. And I, I believe Wayne was the one who had him there, so he was there forever and he passed away. But they have, you know, a section outside of the arena where fans can watch the game altogether. And you know, it, it's a gong show out there. And then even if they win, win or lose, they're fighting after the game. They just, just get into these absolute scrap. There'll be two guys in Conor mc, Connor, McDavid jersey, just blasting each other. It's so good.


And you know, at the end of they're like, oh, good game shake hands. See you later. Yeah. Unless they're coaches, but it's, yeah, it, it's amazing. But yeah, that, that's awesome. You guys are ambassadors. The only did, didn't Dave, he Bet on Yes. Did Win in Six. Yeah. Yeah. So, so here's my, if it does go to seven, he's gonna be rooting for Florida, right? Oh yeah. Because he won't get, he'll be so pissed. Yes. So that's kind of the only reason I hope it goes to seven. So he can get all over wit for that and, and be in Wit's ear. But wit Wit's a good fan. He's a, he is, he he's a really good fan. And he played for the team. That was my only gripe with Biz with Toronto. Like, he never, he never played for the team.


He never even played against them. Nevermind. Played for you. And, and Witt also like, he's been riding hard. Like, I know this is gonna sound really silly, but if like the, the puck drop for the eastern time zone in the playoffs is so fucking late. And he's just like, he's said it to us like he just doesn't sleep during, during the Playoffs because, but he's there, he is doing spaces in between periods. He's, he's as diehard as it gets. So yeah, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna push it too far and bet on the Oilers, but I am gonna be, I'm gonna be watching and, and I'm gonna be having fun. I'm gonna have fun. I'm gonna watch as a fan. Hell yeah. You should come down to Florida for a game. No, well, Marlon's man, you got your Yeah. Your seats with, With him and all his cats. Yeah. Yeah.


So yeah. PSTs mom, no, she's Not going down there. The seats are for his Cats. He O he owns cats, but he, he RINs pussy. Yeah. Oh, alright. Yans, you're the best. Everyone tune in to Spit and Chiclets, all Stanley Cup vinyl. They'll have awesome. They do. They're doing live shows. They're doing streams, they're doing everything. So tune in and we'll see you. See you boys. Thank you.


Keith Andel was brought to you by State Farm. That's right in basketball. The great players don't just go it alone. They have teammates, coaches, and a solid support system behind them. It's kind of like insurance because let's face it, a lot of us probably aren't great at doing that alone either. That's where State Farm comes in. State Farm is a teammate always ready to assist, help find the coverage that you need and help you recover from the unexpected. From Fender benders to storm damage or even just a question about your policy. State Farm is there to help provide an assist when you need it through State Farm Mobile app. A network of 19,000 local agents and online@statefarm.com. So don't just go it alone when you need help protecting what matters most. State Farm is there. State Farm with the assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state and Yans was also brought to you by part of my cheese steak.


Breaking moves. Breaking moves. Part of my cheese steak has a brand new combo on its menu. Introducing the big one, an original classic cheese steak. Your choice of a brownie bites are donut, donut dippers, and a drink all for a discounted price. Perfect for a game day meal or late night eats. Part of my cheese steak. Offers a wide variety of cheese steaks, loaded fries and popular desserts all delivered right to your door with the big one. You get a classic cheese steak, your choice of the brownie bites or the donut dippers and a drink all for a discounted price. Go to part of my cheese steak.com to order with code PMC 20 PMC two zero. Get 20% off at part of my cheese steak.com. Okay.


Hank FAQ time. Let's do it With Mount Rushmore season upon us. Will the teams be the same this year? Will there be any twists? Love you guys. Thanks for providing content that helps AWS get through our lives and distract us from hard times. Oh, Appreciate That. Good question. We were just talking about this today. Yeah, we're, we're thinking through some things. We, I think we have a, should we just say the idea? Because it doesn't matter, it won't ruin anything. Yeah. Well first I think, I think Zach might be involved. Yeah, Zach might be involved. So there's six of us. So I think we're gonna do teams of two, three teams of two. And what we're gonna do for a pm TV episode, we're all gonna sit in the conference room and do a Mount Rushmore draft that then we put out the poll and then we'll just, whoever finishes first will be linked up with the sixth place person.


And that might be how we decide the teams. But we're, I'm excited for Mount Rushmore Season. Zach, what do you know about Mount Rushmore season? So I would assume Mount Rushmore being the four prominent presidents in the, the Mount Rushmore there. Yep. We're doing seasons based on such. Yep. This is some context clues and Then where are we going back from there? Yeah. Okay. You can move your bike so that you don't That's got you my bad. So That pt, it's Good, it's good figuring that out. So Mount the, the, the three operative words are Mount Rushmore seasons season. Yes. And so you broke down Mount Rushmore and then you described what a season was. Pretty good. What do you think we do during Mount Rushmore season? I, I would assume picking out your Mount rushmores of seasons, not seasons regarding to like winter, fall, spring, anything like that.


Yeah. Upcoming season of Play. Okay. So what what we do is close. Yeah, you're, you're close. Really close. You know what Mount Rushmore is, you know what seasons are. So that's a good Building block. You're on the block. But what we do is during the summer when there's no N-F-L-N-B-A or NHL going on is we have a topic on every show And we have to submit our four best picks like the four presidents on Mount Rushmore that fit that category. So it would be like Mount Rushmore of the best NFL head coaches of all time. And then you'd have to figure out if you were to make that Mount Rushmore, whose faces would you put on it? It's Oftentimes way more dumb than what like yellow things was a big one Last year.


Yeah. Give us your four top yellow things. Four top yellow things. Banana would be huge. Yeah. The big, usually the big rafts at water parks are yellow. Yellow. That's a good one. Love a good yellow raincoat. Yep. Also love, you know, sometimes the casino yellow chips being a decent amount at the hard rock. They're like, I thinking No, You're ready. Hundreds kid might be a natural. You might be ready. Jeez. What's on your Mount Rushmore of pizza Toppings. Pizza toppings. One. One. I'm probably gonna go sausage. Pepperoni. Yeah. Ham. Yeah. Olive, double olive. No vegetables. Top four. Okay. Alright. Alright. Alright, So, so we've got sausage, pepperoni, ham.


Finish This off. Bacon would be, Yeah, bacon. That's good. That's a, that's a really, really good nugget. How you got all those four? That's good. Yeah. What about Mal Rushmore Green things? Mal Rushmore, green things. I'm gonna go streaming casserole. Ooh, okay. Maybe not, That's not bad. Oh they got the onions on top. Doesn't count my bad. Not Green. No, no. It's more than just terrible pick but yeah. Oh Fair. Super fair. Yeah, definitely. You got different green things in me. Yeah. I'm gonna go two would be Xbox three would Be, he's right on that. Yeah. The green rings. Yeah. Yeah. The whole branding is green. Super green. Yeah.


Three. I'm gonna go with a nice green pasture. Love a good field love good sighting of grass. And four, I'm gonna go palm tree. I love palm trees. Okay. Money didn't make the cut. It's, it could be all rounded out top maybe top 10. Yeah. Okay. Green jacket. St. Patrick's Day. Top 15 green jacket. St. Patrick's day's a great pick. That's fantastic. Pick. Thanks. Okay, You're ready. You're ready. You're so ready. Love you Zach. Yeah. Love me too. You're so ready. Alright Hank, what's the next one? Hey, Big Cat, PFT, king, Hank and the guy who won't ever win the lottery ball. If you could take someone in pm t's talent, whose talent would you take and what talent would talent be? Mm, I know.


I mean PFT playing guitar. That'd be mine. Yeah. I maybe Hank's leaping ability. Memes is memes and ability, like a knowledge of the internet. You know what I would take, it's pretty high Up there. It is. It's, but it's also kind of feel Like you have that Not to memes level. He might be too knowledgeable. Yeah. Memes has everything. He literally just like he, But that's not something I would take. Something He closes his eyes in the internet runs through. I would take something that I had zero of and and and a super edition. Got it. You have knowledge of the internet, you would just be slightly upgrading. So Why wouldn't you take PFDs driving ability? 'cause I'd rather I can, I can't. That's what, it's the same thing. I can drive.


It would just be a slight upgrade. I'd rather go go from zero to you know, a hundred. Are you talking about like a car? No, I would, that would be a major downgrade For a second. I thought that's what Big Cat was getting. I, I would probably take Max's singing ability. Mm. People don't know that about Max. Max. He's got some pipes. Very good singer. I mean pf t's guitar is just the answer. Yeah, it is. Or maybe fly or flying plane flying. Simulating. Yeah. You take my ability to pretend to fly a fly. Correct. Yeah. Pretty fucking good At that. Okay. Max's hotdog catching ability. Yeah. Facts. Last one. Long time. A WL first time caller.


One question. Fuck Mary. Kill JOC wit. Ow. Oh that's, this is so easy. O Okay, you go Ahead for, yeah. Hank speak for us. Hanks killing JC. Yes. Fuck Racc. Okay. Good looking dude. I'd marry wit just golf all the time. Situ guys. You know. Yeah. But when you go golfing, you do that to get away from your wife, right? No, I would love to, to marry a girl, like to golf. And I'd kill JOC happily. Okay. Because you could then I see what you're doing. No Comment. Getting the competition outta the way. No comment. No comment. No comment. I would not, we're in peace times. So What would you do? We're in peace times I think.


I think I would probably marry JOC. This is good. Keep going. 'cause we'll all do different answers. And you're mad, I think. I think I would kill slo and I would fuck Whitney. The ears are G You could hold On Reblock earrings. Yeah. You Could hold onto those ears. Yeah. So I would marry relo. What's the combo that I need to do here? You would fuck Kill JOC. Fuck. No. Fuck. JOC. You already killed J. You're killing Whitney. Which which works for this moment. Yeah. Also, you saying you'd kill Illa? Like, sorry dude, you're dead. Yeah, because he's gonna hear that and be like, oh, PFT thinks he could take me. He's got defeat me For the Record. I said for it Makes sense because he's mad at you right now.


Yeah, well he is. I don't want him to listen this. He's coming on. He's coming on Friday. He's mad at me for fair reasons. I might have said when he claimed that I was rooting against the Oilers, against the Dallas Stars, I said, actually that's not true. I'm rooting for the Oilers to beat the Dallas Stars and then losing in tragic fashion in the Stanley Cup final. He said that was sick, twisted, deranged. All fair. So really actually, Whitney and I aren't into beef. Everything he said I agree with So you're on his side. I'm on his side. So much so. So if he hates you, then he's actually hating himself, right? And also hating the Oilers. Yep. Yeah. I'm so on his side. But yeah, he's gonna come on after game one for Friday.


We'll hash it all out. I'll Be honest. Any of those three guys catches. Oh, I love 'em. For, for Marriage. I, I mean those are, are those the three top guys in terms of guest appearances? Titus might be the only one. The one in there. I don't Know. Yeah, we do this all the time. Yeah, We do. Whitney's number one. So Titus is two. Titus is two, but Weill's gotta be up there and so does JOCI. I love all three of those guys. Fucking love them. Not Titus. Just so We're clear. I feel like JOC talking About Whitney, He's been on a run. So I also love Titus Before we do numbers real quick. Wait, what is it? You have it. We do this all the time. Yeah, that's all. Zach, real quick. This is, this show's gonna go out on Wednesday morning.


By the time the show's out, you are gonna be waking up to the biggest day of your life. Do you have any predictions or thoughts about your delivery of ice cream to this office, which will take place on Wednesday? The prediction is satisfied customers. Okay. For the ice cream delivery. Because Hank took a video of you and Jacob, the other part of the cream team being talked to by the technician. And you guys took no notes for two hours. I didn't wanna be rude and pull the phone out right in front of Mr. Erick 'cause he was doing such a great job explaining the process of cleaning and disassembling the machine. As soon as we were done with the live demonstration, I went straight to the notes app and put some spark notes in.


Give us two notes. I can do that one. You're gonna wanna make sure that you lube the, the drive shafts, but not the hex bolt at the end. Okay. And then also, when you put that front facia on for the drawer, you need to keep a, a steady hand on it so your seals don't fall. 'cause you don't wanna leak. Okay. So this guy, that what he just said, he's the one who's standing between us and listeria. But I, I was very impressed when I just recalled that off the top of His head. Yeah, he's ready to go. Yeah. Do you have photographic memory? No. Not close. No Sir. It was all filmed. So technically you can go back and watch tape. I heard a On what? On what? The guy, the man was saying. Mr. Eric. I heard a tape, a little rumor from Mincy that the toppings might not be ready for Thursday or for Wednesday.


That might get pushed back. I don't, we can't have the ice cream grand opening without the toppings. Well we can, I think we're gonna have it. It's not the toppings because Mincy did not invent how to buy like Reese's and crush 'em up. It's the free toppings holder that he is holding us up with. So we will, we will make do so Mincy will go out, buy the toppings and then Mincy will crush them up. No, I don't want him touching any of our food. I think Zach will do that. Okay. The toppings have been secured. The holder we can work out. That's okay. That's gonna be a great display and a great way for a self-service toppings. You want to fluctuate how much you wanna do, but you're gonna have toppings for ice cream tomorrow. Okay, Zach, before tomorrow.


I really, tonight you gotta go og. Run the ball. Green Bay power sweep. Do the traditional McDonald's dinner. You have to have all your energy for tomorrow. It's only right. It also feels like a, it is a good call. Yeah, I agree. Zach, have you tried the fries? Well done thing? I did. Yeah, I did. So the other day, I'm gonna tell you, I did go to the small bowl. I tried the fries. Well done. I went one regular one. Well done. I did enjoy the well done. 'cause they're a little hotter than the regulars, so it almost felt like that came a little bit fresher. I appreciate the recommendation very much. Yeah. A little life hack. Huge. It Was, yeah, it was great. Alright, good. Show boys. Let's do numbers. Three. Three. That's memes. That Was memes. 77 6. 11 nine.


Pug. 90 55. 95. Zach's also 26. The one for One on his tasks. 21. Oh, he got new headphones. He got new headphones, got new headphones. Nice work. Memes. What was the number you guessed on Monday? Zach gets things done. I believe six. Okay, great. I have 6, 5 71. Oh, what'd you have? 77. Oh, not that close. Well the one looks like seven. Yeah. You wanna do one more? Yeah, let's Do one more. Let's go boys. Same numbers Or should I say the, the word again And we all okay.


What? What word? Three. Three. That was pft. Pft. I'll go 11, six. Come on. 360 6 74. 99 3 44 21. What was that number, Zach? 53. Mees. What was your number? 11? What is it? Did I say 74?


What'd I say? So I get it. Did you say 74? This is, I said 70. No, no, no. I said 70 something. I actually can't remember. You said 70. This is, Did you say 71? I think I said 74. Everyone said what'd say in the booth and cannot. I said 66. I'm pretty sure I said 74. Hank, we, This will be the, this will be the least. You said 74. No, no. He, I, he said 77 last time. I'm pretty sure I said 74. Can we, can we, can someone go listen back? Go Shane. Give us a ruling. We're gonna VR, we're going V, we're going VR. Where you going? Hank pee. He's gotta pee. Hank's gotta pee. You can't take a pee during this. This, I'm gonna suspend myself for one lottery ball if I'm wrong.


That's fair. But you think that you got it? I think I said 74. You gotta know your number. I know there's so many numbers, But you, you just have to remember the one that you said. No, But this is fair. If he, he's saying that maybe I will 70 suspend myself. But then there's a punishment if you get it wrong. Yeah, that's fair. What Happens to memes if the, if, Well, I mean, I've already gotten it could Lace. I know, but could Anything worse happen to him? Oh yeah. I really, I I want, I need Zach to get it bad. Oh, so bad. That's what I'm rooting for. Yeah. Zach? It's not hard. How about Zach gets your number. I think memes is coming soon. The Three's gonna hit. No, no, no, no, no. Zach, that the first mistake they've made you kind of patronizing, which I appreciate.


Yeah, that's make mistakes. Was that a patronizing? You think memes is gonna get it? No. I think statistically if you keep riding three, it's gonna hit. You think so? Yeah, let's go. Shane know shit. 74 in your face. Memes. Congrats. Big Cat. BAR Shane. BAR comes through memes. Look at me. Do you see how fucking easy it is, dude? Yeah, Yeah. This is all Shane's fault. What? Why is it Shane's fault? He's copying everybody's glasses. Wait, what? We got a glass. Do we have a controversy in the booth? Meme Just did like five Shane insults in a row. I like this. Like so many. We have so many dudes in a booth right now. So many five dudes in booth.


Zach, are you Italian? There's six by the way. Not super sure on Lineage. Six white. I didn't even see Whiter back there it is. White count it. No way. 74 memes. Dude, isn't it crazy that he can't get this? What? What Are you pointing at? It's so easy. I'm pointing at you. Yeah, Hank got it. I'm, I was pointing at not only that, but I just got the first ever VR Lottery. Nobody's gotten it. What Big Cat got it? Nobody else has gotten it. I've gotten it like 5,000. You guys, You guys are just living in the past. That was like my third time and I just did, I also just got the first ever V. Nobody Else has gotten it in the past five I've gotten in the past. Yeah, we've gotten in the past. Actually Got in the past. Almost Everyone has gotten it.


I've got a couple times it is like, this is like the Super Bowl all over again. That was so far ago. I got it A couple times. I literally got it two, two Minutes ago. No, congrats you, nobody else has gotten it. Oh, hey Hank, did you know that? That's also not sure. In the past five minutes, did you know that Shane's stealing people's glasses? Yeah. We got a problem in the case. Copying PFD. Have you gotten the lottery bowl? I've gotten it twice. Oh, okay. Good. Look at all our boys with their headphones on and glasses. I don't know why about that. We got five headphones. Yeah, no, you just copy it. It's blue light. Oh, those are, yeah, actually. Yeah. Yeah. You know what, Shane, that's fucked up. You would, you would, you would buy glasses. They, they, I can't believe they made more than one pair of those glasses. That was a joke in your defense, Shane.


Yeah. Oh, thank you. All right. Love you guys. They are me too.