
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have an awesome interview with Gilbert Arenas. We're talking his career, his new Netflix Untold Story playoff basketball with him. We also might have a couple special guests jump on at various times, whether it be Nick Celtics or Fire Fest, so you gotta tune in for that. We're gonna talk playoffs hockey, NBA, we got a new Pope, he's American. We have George Pickens on the Cowboys, and we're gonna finish with Fire Fest.


So a great Friday show for everyone.


It's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings UF C3 15 is almost here. We've got two title fights with Mohammad verse, Della Madena and Valentina Cenko and verse Manon Fiat. And I've got just one question for you. Are your bets in, if not, look no further than DraftKings sports book, official sports betting partner of UFC. It's a massive fight night you won't wanna miss, and your chance to cash in is just a pick away. New to UFC betting, no worries. Start simple. Choose a fighter to win and place your bet. That's it. And if you're brand new to DraftKings, here's something big. New customers can bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Step into the octagon with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the DraftKings Sports book app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to score $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just $5 only on DraftKings Sportsbook, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. I love guys who like football and guys who like football. They like me back and I like them back. And even guys that don't like football mean they try to avoid me because I'm always trying to get them to like football, Football, Football.


Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings. Step into the Octagon with DraftKings Sports book. Download the DraftKings Sports book app. Now. Use code take that's code take for new customers to score $200 in bonus bets when you bet just $5 only on DraftKings Sportsbook, the crown is yours.


Today is Friday, May 9th and PFT I'm starting to to think that Steph Curry is important to the Warriors. Yeah, he came out there for the shoot around, he tried to pull the okie-doke on us, but I, I think that Draymond knew at the start of the game that Steph like he, he wanted to get outta this game. Oh so bad. It's one of those things where like, he knows that Steph's not gonna be playing. He knows it's not gonna be competitive. So Dre tries to get a tech like right off the bat. Yeah. And then he gets in the ref's face being like, fuck you, fuck you asking you to get kicked out because he knows that Steph's not playing. Yeah. So I have a question for you. So Draymond Green did for the 7,000 time, the move where he just flails his arms and legs at an opponent. Like he's having a, a full body spasm.


This is a world class athlete who has incredible body control, but somehow this keeps happening to him. I actually feel bad he should probably see a doctor about this affliction. But afterwards you'd mentioned it, he yelled at the refs. I think the rest are just scared to dream on because he just, he gets his technical like right away and then he, he, and then the refs like, just tune him out for the rest of the game. It's crazy. I think they're just scared to kick him out of a game. Here's here's how it went down. He flails his arms, gets the tee that he wanted, then the ref goes out to me. He is like, I'm not gonna kick you out Drean. He is like, fucking kick me out. Fuck you. Do it. Fuck you. And the ref's like, sorry, you can keep cussing all you want. You're not getting ejected from this game. You gotta play. Right? Yeah.


Your punishment is to have to play without Steph Curry in a playoff game. Yeah. And that was punishment because the war, the, the wolves were so much better than the Warriors tonight. There just was no, like, the Warriors just couldn't, they didn't have enough offense. And, and the wolves, like even with Anthony Edwards, which there was a second there where I thought we were gonna watch Wolves Warriors with no Anthony Edwards and no Steph Curry. And it was gonna be the biggest bummer of all time. But he went out for, I was it like a quarter or so? He came back in the second half. So the wolves, even without Anthony Edwards, they got all their other guys to step up. Like Julius Randall stepped up big time. Jay McDaniel stepped up. Nas Reed, Nik Alexander Walker had 20.


So the wolves feel like they're back on track a little bit here. Especially if Steph's not gonna play. 'cause I don't know, I don't know how the Warriors win this series without Steph. Actually, I'll just say it. The Warriors will not win this series without Steph. They don't, they don't win the series without Steph for sure. I think that the Wolves without Ant would be favored in Minnesota, I'd say by five and a half points over the Warriors without Steph. Yeah. Yeah. And we had let, let's see, I that Jayden McDaniels, that d that block and dunk was awesome. I mean, the crowd was into it. Blocking dunk. Yeah, it was, it was good. It was good to see the timber rolls get back on track. By the way, I should have mentioned to start, obviously we, we record the beginning.


We, we recap the Thursday night games from Zoom. Hank is on this episode. We're going back to the studio after we start the show. 'cause I I, some people might skip the intro and, and just see that Hank's not here and like, wow, what a coward. No, he is, he is not a coward. He is on this show And we have a couple special guests including Gilbert Arenas, but a couple extra special guests when we get back in studio. So just wanted to set that. He also might be a coward to end beyond the show. That's, that's another option too. Yeah, it could be both. It could be both. Yeah. But yeah, I I, He agree. I it's in this case, like, I think that Steph is actually gonna come back sooner that we think that he is. I wouldn't be shocked if he tried to play in their next game because he knows, and with the team they've got right now, he feels like he's been saying like, this feels like the last dance type thing that we're trying to do right now.


I think he's gonna try to come back maybe too soon. I hope not too soon. I hope he's able to play and play healthy. 'cause I like watching Steph play, but it's like, you know, it's like getting a blowjob Big Cat. That's what I always say about that. But I, I do think that he's going to give it a shot and try to play sooner than he probably should. And we'll see if it works out from there. Yeah. I feel like he might play Saturday. I I feel like they might just like, be like, Hey, let's just try to win this game Saturday without him. And then Monday it's, you know, if you go down two one Monday, it's like you need him. And then, and then if you can get it tied, then, then you have a little bit of a break. Like there's the Wednesday game, but then there's a little break all the way till Sunday. The NBA scheduling makes no sense.


They're playing every other night until Wednesday and then the next game is Sunday. So I don't understand that. But yeah, I, I wanna see Steph back out there. I I mean, I think the timber rolls are very good. I I think they can beat Steph, they beat the Warriors with Steph. It's just that when Steph's not there, there's a 0% chance. Yeah. No chance at all for the Warriors. Yeah. Jimmy Butler can do anything and everything that he wants to do and he can have a great game without Steph for sure. But again, like the, the whole team's gonna be limited without one of the best players of all time. Yeah. We also, I What did the, the wolves finally, finally shot well from three, so they fixed it.


They had a two game stretch where I think we mentioned on Wednesday shows 17% and 14%. They, they, they were very good from three tonight. So that's a encouraging sign for the wolves and feel like they're Yeah. Back on track like a one one. They did kind of what the thunder did and we're gonna get to that. But like you, you, you're, you're the higher seed you have home court, you can't lose the first two. And they won this one in convincing fashion. They can go to Golden State and be like, all right, we, we can do this. The thing about Steph Curry and how big of a difference he makes is, it's actually crazy. Especially against a team like the timber wolves, where I think most, I think any, you could put Steph on any team in the NBA and they would be able to win at least one game in a seven game series.


Like agreed. Obviously it'd be five. That's, that's how big a difference it makes. 'cause he'll have one where he just goes Nuclear, he doesn't miss anything. And then the whole spacing on defense is thrown off because you have to account for the outside shooting. And then they, they can get one, maybe even two games off. Most teams with Steph Curry, Maybe not the really bad teams, Maybe not the Wizards, Maybe not the Sixers. Maybe not the Sixers. Yeah, well the Sixers, if Steph Curry played on the Sixers, they would rest him. Yeah, he Probably, that's the difference. He probably would just get injured. Yeah. Alright. So PFT we, like I said, we're gonna, we're gonna have Hank on and everyone's gonna be back together in studio in a minute. Was there a thought watching the caps game when it got to two one we spent basically 30 minutes grilling Hank being down O2, both home games.


Was there a thought you're like, oh fuck, this is not gonna age well when we, when we kick it back to studio and everyone's be like, but PFT you're down O2 at home. Was there that did that thought cross your head? That Cross that thought crossed my head all day today that, that thought started crossing my head right when the Celtics lost last night. I'm not rooting it against the Celtics per se, but I am rooting against Hank. Right. Because it's a lot of fun to watch Hank lose. I think most people would agree with me, by the way. Even if, you know, you don't feel one way or the other about the Celtics, I would rather see him lose than see him win. But yeah, that thought crossed my mind the second that the game ended yesterday, I didn't really even get to enjoy the loss that much because I was just thinking, well, this is what I'm staring down for my own personal game too.


And there's a lot of similarities between the caps and the Celtics in terms of like how their season's gone, the expectations for him. And I'm just, I, I wake up every day and I think my lucky stars that Hank is not smart enough to see that I'm opening myself up to all sorts of responses from him. He doesn't watch hockey. That's the best part. You, he like the whole time he could just reverse all these things on you. Every, everywhere That I say to him, he just Doesn't see it. He does not see it at all. Every word, every single word that I say to Hank could very easily have been said right back to me regarding the cap. But guess what, we don't have to have that conversation because yeah, we split at home. Tom Wilson played one of the best games of hockey that I've seen anybody play all year.


And it was, it was in every aspect of the game. Even if you're a Tom Wilson hater, which I acknowledge there are, there are many Tom Wilson haters and in fact, I think most fans of other teams probably hate Tom Wilson. But if Tom Wilson was on your team, you would love him. That's just the kind of player that he is. And I've had to deputize myself as like a Tom Wilson defender in the last several years because you can slow down every screenshot and make a case that, oh, this guy's dirty, this guy does blah, blah, blah. He's also really fucking skilled. Yeah. And he had a great assist tonight. He played awesome on defense in addition to some of the big hits that he had. He, he took away goal from Orloff and then he blocked a shot like five seconds afterwards.


And yeah, just an all around great game of hockey from Tom Wilson. He's, he's so much fun to watch. And I'm, I'm glad that the caps were able to pull one out. We look, we look pretty good tonight. There was more juice. We, we had juice in the building. You know what? There was more juice. It wasn't juice. Big Cat. I was wrong. It's not the juice that we needed. What Was it? Agape. We needed to get agape in the building tonight. That's the, that's the caps catchphrase right now. And it's spelled A-G-A-P-E. Okay. So it's agape. Okay. And they handed out towels tonight for the game for the fans that just said a ga on them in the stands. They had like a laser projection before the game that said a ga And then when you, when you say a ga, all the fans of the stands make, well it looks like a hole with their hands, but it's really a heart.


Okay. But they're just like a gape. Look at, I'm going a ga right now. It's the funniest thing ever. It is like a biblical word for like true love, like the highest form of love that you can have. But they still have the word a gape plastered all over the arena and they're making a giant hole with their hands when they show their, their support for the aga movement. Okay. As an unbiased third party. I don't, I don't know if you can win a cup with aga. You don't think so? I Don't think so. I just, that doesn't, that's like if you have a catch race that people are saying incorrectly, that's tough. But I'm writing It. You have to agree with that. I'm not, I'm not trying to like, it's just a fact.


Like if we saw this on, if we saw this from another team Yeah. We would make fun of it. Yeah. But that's, It is like Tom Wilson. I would hate Tom Wilson. You Have to. I love a gate. I love a gate. Big Cat. You gotta gate your heart out. You gotta ga till you can't escape anymore. I'm just telling you from a removed set of eyes. Yeah, it's bad. Listen, I am the most, What's a escape? Let's fucking Gate. You wanna gap together. I'm gonna gap outta my eyeballs. Part of my take is the number one most aga podcast in the United States. I'm the biggest. I'm the Biggest. That's the dumbest shit I've ever heard. I'm the, I'm the most escaped guy on the planet right now. When I'm watching, what is, when I watch Tom Wilson, I get a gae.


What is the genesis of it? Who came up with it? It's a biblical word. You got a problem with the Lord? No, no. I'm saying like, who, who I know it's, you said it was a biblical word I'm saying who was like, Hey, we're gonna use this word. 'cause I, I'll I I'm saying this cautiously. Yep. 'cause all these things usually, like, they'll do the uno reverse card on you and be like, oh, it's actually one of the, one of the guys' kids who has cancer. He, he says a escape to his dad right before he leaves for the rink every night. Like, I don't want that to happen. But where did this start? It started with our backup goalie, I think it was Charlie lre. Okay. That helps. That helps. He's A, he's a big, he's a big like Christian literature guy. Got it. And so he read about the concept of agape love being the most pure form of love.


So he brought it to my understanding, and I'm reading between the lines, because there's nothing from the capitals that like they know that the word is a gap. You have to know that the word is a gap, but they don't do any anything to like wink wink at you about why this is a big thing for us. So reading between the lines, I think that it was Charlie Lingen, who's a big Christian literature guy. He read about the concept of Agape love, brought it to the locker room and said, this is what I'm, I'm reading about, it's like the best form, the highest form of love that you can have for somebody that you truly care about. Like we care about each other in this locker room. And then I think what probably happened was all the guys in the locker room were like, ha ha, holy shit. A ga Yeah. And they, and then they started saying a ga and then they told the team PR person, yeah, it is this form of love.


And then they ran with it. That's what I think going on Here. So Also, also you gotta fight fire with fire. We going up against Brandy love. And she's, that's True's a very gay person too. That's true. That's true. She's a ga a lot. Yeah. So the, I still think that's a tough phrase to win a cup with. It helps a lot that it's the backup goalie the best. Like when you start, when you think about championship teams, the best catch phrases and ideas usually come from offensive linemen. Catchers, backup catchers, backup goalies. These are the things, you know, guy on the, you know, guy on the bench in a basketball league team who's the 10th on the bench who only comes in, you know, when you're already up like these, you can't have your stars creating these.


So you get a little points back for that. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, listen, I'm going all in on it. I'm all in on a gate right now, By the way. So other hockey stuff, I don't, we gotta wait till we get Yandel on or biz or, or Whitney. 'cause my question to them will be is we, we talk about it with baseball and basketball like being in the zone. If, if that exists in hockey, Miko Rantin is in the zone because what he's doing right now is insane. So he had a hat trick, a Natty Hattie on on Wednesday night in the last four games. He has had eight goals and six assists.


Yeah. Pretty ridiculous. He that's crazy. Is absolutely on fire. And the Stars took the first game of the series on the road and it feels like the stars are gonna win the cup. I don't know, maybe that's the stupid thing to say, but it feels like they're really fucking good. Would you say they're aligning right now? They feel like they might be aligning and with those goals, didn't he get a hat trick in one period in each of those games? Yeah. It was in the second period last night on Wednesday night. Excuse me. And it was in third period against the abs game seven. Yeah. It's crazy. It's unbelievable what that guy's said. That wasn't the the Stars game. The the Abs game wasn't a Natty Hattie. 'cause it was an open goal. Right. But those counts or Empty net. Why'd I say open goal empty net? Yeah.


Yeah. I I just got caught up in Natty Hattie. But that's fine. I I I feel like the downplaying of empty netters is, is something that the casual fan would do because Yeah, I stick count You're winning the, if you're winning the playoff game and they gotta take the goalie out, that means that you guys did something right. Yeah. They count and then I I The Leafs it might be their year. Yeah. That was a, that was a nice another one where it's like now it is early in the series and the Leafs usually leaf later in the series. But if you had to say through two games the way they are fighting and winning these games and something about biz with that mustache, every time I see 'em with that mustache, I'm like, shit, something magical.


That, that really is like business mustache dominates a ga. Yeah. I Like, that's kind of like the vibe. It kind of Also, it might imply a ga too. That's true. He, you see video after, I mean the after love, I mean the love definition. Yeah. Did you see the, the video of him after they won on Wednesday night? He I did. He He's Getting a massage. He's going nuts. And, and that's why I can't take anything that he says about the Cap. Seriously. 'cause I know he is gonna turn his back on me the second that they go up against the Leafs. And it also, let's not forget that Paul Binet is a bet Welcher. That's true. That, that He made, he made a bet about getting circumcised a couple years ago if the Leafs didn't win a playoff series and he never did it. Yeah. And by the way, speaking of that, we should shout out Paul Pierce for actually walking to the studio today.


He said before game two of the Nick Celtics series, if the Knicks win that game, he's going to walk from his house to his job. I think it was 20 miles. We're living in a world where guys aren't eating poop on camera and, and Welch on all types of but aren't putting burrito. No, I think the guy did put the burrito up his ass. I'm pretty sure he put the burrito up his ass so that guy's off the hook. Yeah. But Paul Pierce deserves a shout out for that and then came in in wheelchair. That was a, that was some good, some good tv. Yeah. That, that was excellent. Oilers Just scored again. Oilers are up three one, they're, and Then Oilers Are ing He was walking, he was walking to work and then Kevin Garnet drove past him. Yeah. Found out where he was driving and, and just gave him a little fly by real quick.


That was Yeah. Credit, credit to Paul Pierce. He is the truth. Yeah. Because there's a lot of guys, like there's a lot of bets that are not getting paid up. Like, like Max isn't hasn't done the dingers only League I am owed $500 from a random guy online. Right. The other guy hasn't eaten the poop. FSU Yeah. Yeah. This is, it is a sad state of affairs in this country, but I'm glad to see that, that Paul Pearce is, is living up to it with the Leafs. Neland might be close to being in the zone too. Yeah. Yeah. He's having a great playoffs. And shout out Mitch Marner. He got a, a baby goal. He, he had a, I think it was his first kid over the weekend on Saturday maybe. And then had an awesome shot from pretty much on the boards that he just sniped in the least are fun.


I find my, I find myself rooting for the Leafs. Me too. I, and again, I, we know that like there's gonna be a lot of our Canadian listeners gonna be like, you guys are fucking assholes. Don't root for the Leafs. But they are fun. I don't know what to say. I root for the Leafs, but I also, I think it's hilarious. If they were to lose do, If I had to have one thing I could say negative about the Leafs. It bothers me how veiny the leaf is. Oh yeah. I think it's just a little too much veins. Mm. I like that it's anatomically correct and I like that it's leaves. But is it that's a lot of, that's a lot of veins. That's Where the maple surface. Yeah. That where the good stuff comes from. Stick It in there. Like an iv. Yeah. And just pour it out. But yeah, we we're really in a NOL lose situation with these leaves because it's awesome if they lose.


'cause it's very funny and they're a fun team, so if they win we get to watch 'em play more. Yeah. And I think if the caps can't go to the Stanley Cup final, I think we all should be rooting for Oilers Lease because it would be Yes. I mean incredible for Spit and Chiclets would be all time. Yeah. Also, just as a fan, it would be fun to watch. Yeah. Be very fun. Speaking of Canada, by the way, we have a American Pope so suck on that. Yeah. First ever from Chicago White Sox fan. Yeah. They found Chicago Sun Times found a picture of like a father and son and in the background is the Pope, what's his name? Officially name Pope Leo the 14th.


Leo the something. Yeah. Yeah. They found him in the background of the, of the 2005 World Series. So Yeah. That it's awesome. We got, And we, we got an American Pope suck on that everyone. Yeah. It's very important. Finally, representation matters. Now American kids can grow up thinking day two can be the Pope one day. Yeah. And apparently this guy's neighbor in Chicago told him growing up like, one day you will be the first American pope. I like I do. You can be the Pope. I I did see someone quote you and said that neighbor LeBron James. Yeah, that's a fact. Definitely. Yeah. But yeah, No, it, it's, it is very cool to be able to say to the world that has, you know, you've all had your turns with Popes.


Italy's had like a million popes before and now it's time. Let's get an American in there, kick some ass, let's see what we do with it. And we might just never relinquish it. It might be just a thing where it's like, you know, we took over your come come to your trap. Take over your trap. Yeah. For cousins also the Pope. But yeah, the, the picture of him at, at the World Series game for the White Sox was, it was very funny. And I saw another picture of her, of him in a Chicago pizzeria. Yeah. Like a year ago. Just standing there. He look, he looks like a pure Chicago guy. It, It's so funny to like, 'cause like, you know, the Pope has never been American. So now we have a pope who we could be like, Hey, he actually watches our sports. Like he could this Pope who is the head of the Catholic church could, could actually have like, been thinking at one point in the last couple of months being like, Ben Johnson is gonna save Kle Williams.


Like that's, that could be a thought in his head. The guy who's running the Catholic church. I mean, credit to Ryan Polls because Chicago's, they're gonna be way better at Hail Mary's next year. Yeah. They got the hope, they got the Pope on their side. They can't win, they can't win a Super Bowl with the Pope on their side. I mean, and obviously there was the, the, the joke of the day was the, the Catholic church got, or Chicago got a Pope before the Bears got a 4,000 yard passer. That was pretty funny. Oh, That's, that's pretty mean. I I thought the joke of the day was I was just stealing. It Was, duh. Pope K Williams did tweet that as well. Yes. Yeah. Stole my tweet. Stole my tweet Caleb. But I pointed out to, I pointed out to Caleb that it, if you're gonna make fun of Jaden Daniel's mom, then you're also making fun of de Pope.


No gross. That's true. That's true. That's true. The, it's, it's, it is crazy though to be like this guy. Like, wa does he watch football? I assume so. Yeah. Oh, for Sure. He has To. He's American. He absolutely watches football. A million percent. I need, I need just his like, thoughts on, on just the most mundane things just to, to rile up the like super religious people being like, yeah, I actually am thinking about this. Yeah. Like, I did actually say that if we, if I'm gonna be the Pope I'm gonna need YouTube TV for, for kickoffs on Sunday. Tha the, the players like, thank God after the game and the Pope's just like, you're welcome talk to him.


Got you boys. I hooked that up. I hooked that up for you. There also big misstep by the Cubs though. Big miscalculation by the Cubs. Yeah. There were some, They were some weird reports. Yeah. They claimed the pope. And, and then it, it took a, a real journalist to go out there, boots on the ground journalism, find his brother and be like, which, which baseball team does he actually root for? 'cause you can't lie on the Pope's name. Yeah. You can't do that. And yeah. Yeah. It was a tough, it was tough. The, the Marques showing it, it wasn't great. It wasn't great. I hope this doesn't submarine the entire Cub season, but it, the thought has crossed my mind. It might literally be blasphemy. Yeah. They, It's A false prophet, right? Yeah. Hey Chicago, what do you say the pope is from the USA.


There you go. That, that, that one was good. That's a banger. That is a banger.


Alright, what else? Oh, we gotta pick a first, first basket for Friday night. So DraftKings, we're doing our first basket competition. The NBA playoffs are finally here. And it's about to get wild high stakes drama, insane buzzer beaters, jaw dropping dunks in the excitement you live for. And guess what? DraftKings Sports book and official sports betting partner, the NBA is giving you a chance to boost your winnings every single game during the Playoffs. That's right. Every game, all playoffs long DraftKings rolling out a special NBA Profit boost. So what are you waiting for? Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now and use code take to claim your profit Boost. That's right. Code take get you a boost for every single NBA playoff game. Don't miss your shot at Big Wins is the moment you've been waiting for Only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. So Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age in eligibility varies by jurisdiction Boyd in Ontario. Get one NBA profit boost per game after opt-in Boost expires at the end of each game. Boosts bet criteria and maximum bet limits vary. See terms at sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Max and Hank Aren here. So I think p ft and I just get their picks this week. Yeah, I think that's fair. So yeah. So I'm gonna go with Donovan Mitchell plus three 80 in the Draftking Sports book to score the first basket and SGA plus 4 25 in the Draftking Sports book to score First basket. What do you got? Okay, I'm gonna go Pascal aka plus eight 51st basket, Pascal's wager and then yoic plus 600. Okay. To score in the nightcap. Yeah, I like it. So yeah, they, they just, I think that's fair. They don't get, they don't get a pick. Yeah. I mean it's in the stipulations of the rules of, of the, the contest is that you have to be present on part of my take to make the pick.


We texted saying, are we ready to go and wait memes? You said don't type a gap on Twitter. Oh no. Now you have to type a gap on Twitter. I'm I'm doing it right now. I Didn't once you, once you go three tweets down, it's Just, is this gonna fuck up my algorithm? No, you just, you see a guy with massive hug and then Oh, and what is he doing? He's escaping. He's escaping. Is it goat? See Yeah, I saw it. Okay. Yeah, Go see yourself. That's fine. Yeah. Listen, it's not for the faint of heart. Not, not everyone's built to get a ga like I am. Yeah, yeah. We're not gonna gate anymore on Twitter. Yeah, that's fair. Alright, so last thing we wanna to talk about.


George Pickens gets traded to the Cowboys. Yep. And this is perfect because I, George Pickens with Jerry Jones is, is like, if you had to pick where you want him to go, I think that would be the, the, the perfect marriage. Jerry Jones also saying that he was gonna make a big move whether before the draft or after the draft, promises made, promises delivered. Apparently this is the big move. The only problem for Jerry Jones is like the, you know, don't, don't start, what is it? Don't start a, a war in Russia in the winter. What, what was the, what was Princess Bride Never saw it. You never saw Princess Bride? I I, I've Dropped in and out of it a few times, so, and I understand the references.


Okay, hold on. I'm gonna find it. Don't start. I'm, I'm your father prepared to die. Something like that. Yeah. I'm a Nigo Montoya. Yeah. Never get involved in a land war in Asia. What's the whole fucking quote? I don't know either way. What I was getting to get solo. Yeah, yeah. There you go. You got 'em all. I think it's inconceivable, right? It's inconceivable. Yep. I think it's also like ne don't go against, don't, don't get into a poison off with like a Sicilian. I butchered this. My point though is never trade for wide receiver from Mike Tomlin because Mike Tomlin is trading his wide receiver for a reason. And that means that Mike Tomlin is done with his wide receiver and he doesn't want him anymore.


And you can go back. Deontay Johnson, chase Claypool, Antonio Brown, who I know won a Super Bowl with the pucks, but he got traded to the Raiders and that didn't last more than what a month. And then He became a sex criminal too. Yeah. Yeah. Marvis Bryant, San Antonio Holmes Okay. On the Jets. But he was obviously that was his best years were on the Steelers. Mike Tomlin when he's like, I'm done with the, with with, with the Wided receiver. That's, it's over, it's damaged goods. You don't wanna do that. Yeah. I mean, I don't think that it's, it is a little bit different from the other examples that you gave because some of those other guys, not all of them, but, but some of them were towards the downside of their career. I don't think that anyone's saying that Pickens physically is getting towards the downside of his career.


Like when you look at Mike Wallace, he probably wasn't, he was probably like Prime. He was Yeah. He played well on the, on the Dolphins and the Ravens after. Yeah. But a but a lot of those others were kinda like, on the downside, they, they had reached their peak physically and they were getting slower, not faster at that point. Pickens is a little bit different from that, but also if Mike Tomlin doesn't think he can't handle you anymore Yeah. That is a pretty good sign that Jerry Jones won't be able to handle you. Yeah. Now what, what I think is a, a big, big warning sign for this entire operation here for the Cowboys is that Pickens is not signing an extension. Ooh. So he's on a one year deal. Now you might be saying to yourself, well PFT doesn't that just mean that he's going to be highly motivated to be productive this year so he can cash in a free agency?


Yes. That is a valid point. However, I think the bigger point is that if CD Lamb starts getting the lion's share of the targets and Pickens isn't involved in the game plan, he is going to blow his head off. He is gonna go fucking insane even by George Pickens standards because he always wants the ball in general. And he is a great player. He he does, he does deserve the ball, I think more than he's gotten it in the past, but even when he is getting the ball a decent amount, he still flips out. Right. And he, he does crazy shit because he, he's frustrated when he's really not getting the ball and it's impacting his bottom line on what he's gonna sign for in free agency. I feel like, I feel like it's volatile mix.


Yes, I would agree with that. I would say that, yeah. George Pickens, look, he's got all the talent, it's just can he do everything else? I mean, remember the end, he had that zero, he had that, he had that game. What was it? Was it a playoff? No, it wasn't the playoff game. I think it was the Bengals game where he had one, one reception for like minus one yard. Yeah. In the, in the last week of the season. And I, I don't know, I I just, yeah, he, it it feels like a combustible situation. And again, I'm gonna go just trust Mike Tomlin that if he doesn't want you anymore as a wide receiver, that means something's up.


Yeah. It's, it's probably not a Mike Tomlin problem. Yeah. I think it's on the other foot. But I do love j George Pickens is still like one of the more electric players of the NFL to watch root rooting. If he doesn't have His sense, I'm root him. Yeah. I'm rooting for him to do well because it'll be fun. It's fun when he's good and he makes crazy catches and he goes crazy on, on, on the field. The only other question I had for you, PFT knowing how the Steelers operate, knowing how Mike Tomlin operates, they always need a crazy guy at wide receiver. Do you think there's a part of DK Metcalf who walked in the locker room? I don't know if they're in OTAs or whatever, or, or just showed up to training and he was like, looks around. He is like, wait, so it's me. Yeah. I'm the, I'm the cra I have to be the crazy guy.


Now. I think a lot of times teams do that if they have got a, a young superstar and they got a trade away, like the old veteran presence to really let the young superstar grow into their role. Jason Tate, Marcus Smart was the heartbeat of that team. And Brad Stevens was like, we, we love you Marcus, but we gotta get rid of you and let these guys step it up. I think this is a challenge. I think Mike Tomlin is issuing a challenge to DK Metcalf to really get fucking nuts with it this year. Yeah. Does it? I Think, I think he can fulfill it. Yeah, I do too. Do you think DK iss like, wait, so those like personal fouls and all these like extracurricular penalties, I get to do George's now too. Yeah, you're stepping into the, that's the Steelers wide receiver one position.


Yeah. Yeah. That's what that means. And I think he's, he's capable. They might be able to offset some of the crazy, if they get Aaron Rogers that would bring like a different element of crazy. So I went on Pittsburgh radio with our guys this week and they, they basically were like Aaron Rogers. So this was a theory from our guys, bill Crawford and Randy Bowman, and I told 'em I was gonna steal this theory and essentially, so I'm actually crediting them. Essentially they said that they're waiting. Aaron Rogers is a quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers. That's what they said. It starts there. Aaron Rogers is already the quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers, but they're basically playing a game of chicken because Aaron Rogers new maybe wife, I don't know, he was wearing a wedding ring at Kentucky Derby is big into astrology and if Aaron Rogers signs with the Steelers before the schedule comes out, they're gonna give the Steelers a ton of night games.


And they don't want that to happen because Aaron Rogers is a little older in astrology playing at night. So they're, he's just waiting for the schedule to come out. Then he will sign with the Steelers and make it official and then probably bring, you know, all the packers like Randall Cobb will probably be there. Jordy Nelson will probably be there. Yeah. That's where the rest of the receivers are gonna come from. So that's their theory and I loved it and I told 'em it was a great theory and I was gonna share it on Pardon My Take. And they also threw in the, the extra of like their astrologist his astrologist wife slash girlfriend being like, you know, mercury is in Renegade Real are shit. Oh, I like that. That's That's a great saying.


Yeah. Shout out to those guys. I love the guys in tv. They're the best. So, so it's an interesting thing you're saying that she as an astrologist doesn't want him playing games at night. Isn't that when she It's partially, it's partially I think his age and then partially like he, they they, she wants him to be in the best spot and I guess night, like doesn't line up with it's all crazy, crazy pseudoscience that you have to believe. Yeah. So I, he's playing this game just so that he doesn't have to play at night. I think it's more just astronomy. It's like it's nighttime outside. Yeah. Does that make you an astrologist to be like, I don't see the sun. Yeah. Yeah. He could say I'm a bit of a star freak myself. We should look into seeing what Aaron Rogers' sign is and compare that to what George Pickens sign is.


Mm. And see if the two of them are compatible. Are compatible. Yeah. I mean it is, remember If not, that might be it. Remember our theory at the end of Tom Brady's career with the Bucks we're like, because he had a string of late games where he didn't play well and it's like, yeah, he's 45 years old, dude, he wants to go to bed at eight o'clock at night and they're kicking off at eight 15. That Yeah. This could be a situation where he is like, listen, I know the, the Steelers are a national brand, they're gonna get a certain amount of primetime games. Yeah. But if there's Aaron Rogers, they'll probably get a couple more because he does, he does put asses in the seat. So think we're gonna get Aaron Rogers on the Steelers on May 15th If they go into the season with no Aaron Rogers into the schedule.


I would, I feel like they would get maybe one like Mason Rudolph as the quarterback. What, what does that do for you? Yeah, yeah. It would, it would definitely be less so that that might be their, their play. Okay. So George Pickens, when's his birthday? Let's look this up here. His birthday is March 4th, 2001. What size is is That which makes him A locker room cancer. Okay. Pisces? No, I don't know. I guessed Okay. Is am I right? Yes. Wow. I, the only ones I know are Capricorn, Aquarius and Pisces. Oh, Leo too, right? That's the Pope. Yeah, that is the Pope. The Pope. Alright, so he's a Pisces and Aaron Rogers is a Sagittarius.


Okay. Do Sagittarius and Pisces get along Pisces? And Let's, let's find out. This is the type of hard hitting analysis that only Pardon My Take can give you Pisces and Sagittarius. While different can form a surprisingly strong connection in both friendship and romance, maybe they were afraid they were gonna start dating. That Is real fear, The contrasting elements. Water and fire can create a dynamic and exciting partnership, but also require understanding and communication and navigate potential clashes. Sagittarius is need for freedom and independence may clash with Pisces desire for emotional security. That, that checks out to me. Yeah. And also Sagittarius is direct and blunt, which can be hurtful to Pisces who are sensitive and emotional.


That checks out. Aaron Rogers is very direct and blunt and, and George Pickens is very emotional. We should get an astrologist on, on part of my take and, and do our like full NFL team record predictions based off astrology. Yeah. Oh man. Clear and honest open communications. But it also, it gets deeper than that if you read the whole chart. Yeah. So I'm assuming that Aaron Rogers girlfriend, wife, Jordan, whatever it is that individual has, you know, they get deep into it. They find out what time of day you were born. Yeah. That whole thing. And then they, they do the big sketch out the chart and they're like, okay, now I can tell you the most generic things possible that you will find to be seemingly accurate.


Yeah. By the way, we haven't, we haven't had any updates on Jordan. That's true. I did hear one, I heard one update on Jordan. She a, as her job as as the head PR marketing person for Belichick's book. She is giving every UNC graduate a copy of her book this year. Or excuse me, his his book F and Slip. That's good way to sell it. So yeah, bumping those numbers up a little bit. Good job. Jordan. Jordan did it. Oh, Jules spoke out and said that he's a, she's a distraction. You gotta keep that in the clubhouse, Jules. Yeah. Come on Jules. Jules Jules just mad that he's getting Wally Pipped.


Oh man. Okay. Let's, let's get back to ourselves with, with Hank special guest maybe. And then we have a great interview with Gilbert Arenas. Almost an hour with Gilbert Arenas. It was awesome. And we'll finish with Fire Fest and then we'll see everyone on Monday.


Okay. Before we get to some more NBA playoff talk, Gametime NBA playoffs are here. And the only place to buy hard to get playoff tickets is Gametime the official ticketing partner. Barstool Sports with killer last minute deals, all in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets. Prices on the app actually go down the close where it gets a tip off. You could save up to 60% when buying last minute tickets. I was looking at tickets for the game. Three Celtics Knicks in New York. It's gonna be an expensive ticket. Expensive Ticket. I think it's the most expensive Knicks game in a long time. Right now I'm looking at the cheapest you can get in the building. $646. Wow. Get in Early. It's gonna be dead quiet by the end. Wow. The Mecca. Okay. The Greatest arena in the world. So go right now to Gametime. What are you waiting for? Buy those tickets. Nick's Celtics Game three. Take the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account, use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime?


We're also brought to you by our friends at Planet Fitness. Everybody can get strong at Planet Fitness High value membership that supports any fitness journey as low as $15 a month. We have it in our office. Everyone's been getting in shape. I've been lifting again. It feels good. Planet Fitness. They got the stair climber, they got the treadmill Over 2,700 club location locations. Most clubs open 24 hours. My personal favorite piece of the equipment, I like to hop on the treadmill and just do little, little hot girl walk. Just walk on like a five incline for 20 minutes. Get the heart rate going. So get let's get in shape this year. Let's get it going. Let's do it with Planet Fitness. We're all strong on this planet. Join today in club online or in the free pf app. Do it now with Planet Fitness. We love Planet Fitness. So thank you. And we're all getting in shape. We're gonna be looking good this summer.


Okay. Hank, we're back in studio game two of the Celtics Knicks. If you thought it was a rerun, you would, you're not going crazy. The Knicks were down 20 points again. The Celtics missed a ton of threes again. And the New York Knicks are somehow up two oh in this series. Hank's looking for the remote. I think he's trying to stall because he doesn't want us to talk about this game. Hank Yeah, You're not worried. I did say on the show on Sunday that the Celtics could lose one. I wouldn't be worried. And I said, you know what? They could lose two and I wouldn't be worried.


Yeah. And it's true. I'm It's not true. It's not true. It's not. You're worried. Oh no, I, If they had just lost, you know, a couple close games, a couple battles and, and the Knicks, you know, the way they lost has me a little worried. That's what I, that's what I wanna say. Okay. Why? Yeah, specifically Because they've missed every single three. Jason Tatum. That's not true. Technically they're, they're 25 for a hundred from Three. And this game, by the way, before you tell us how worried you're all credit to the Knicks, specifically their defense, they stopped, I think it was one for 14.


The Celtics finished on and the one was Jason Tatum going for that dunk. They missed 13 straight shots in that 13 straight shots. It was, so it was 84 68 and then the Knicks stopped them 13 straight times. And it's pretty bad. It's pretty bad. That was, that was bad. And the Knicks all credit to the Knicks. They are as gritty, as gritty gets. They have won all five of the road games, these playoffs, and they've won 'em by two points. 1.3 points, three points, one point. So every single game they've won on the road and they've won all of them in these playoffs is three points or less. That's just a tough fucking team. It Is a tough team.


They, they don't die. And the Celtics going 15 for 60 in game one. That's 25% from three. And then in game two they went 10 for 40 also 25%. This can't, it's not gonna last. Right. And that's the thing, it's, it's they, you have a historically bad shooting night. Everyone's asked me after game one, what's wrong with Celtics? They're not gonna have that bad of a shooting night. Again, if they shoot 30%, they win that game easily. The same thing goes for last night. Like if they shoot 30%, they win that game easily. If they hit one field goal or maybe two field goals in the last eight minutes, they probably win that game. They had a lot of open looks. There's nothing. The game plan is the problem that worries me a little bit is that there's nothing to fix besides making shots.


Like the game plan is the game plan and it's working correctly. They're just, they can't make shots down the stretch. What About Jason Tatum? He is in the fourth quarter, this series. He has six points, one for 11 field goals. Oh, for nine three pointers. Yeah. He is got a bang, banged up wrist. He is battling through it. Oh. You know, he didn't make that, that layup when he need, when we needed it most didn't love the look at the end of the game. The, The, the one that we, we were about to have a great conversation with Gilbert Arenas. There was a sequence where the Knicks were storming back. It was a 86 81 game. Yeah. Three minutes left. Jason Tatum has a wide open three from the corner. But you'd normally be like, Hey, take this three Al Horford Ja Jalen Brunson was on Al Horford and he had fallen down and Al Horford was standing under the hoop wide open.


A simple pass and a dunk stops the, the bleeding a little bit. Instead Jason Tatum takes the three misses, the three or Jason Tatum just goes to the hoop there. He probably scores. That was bad. That was bad. It was bad. It was, it was shocking. It was a shocking, shocking turn of events. Sure. It was. You know, 'cause you're up 20 again. Surely this can't happen again. Surely we're gonna hit one shot And we got looks, we got open looks that one was, was kind of a dagger when you just see him fall over and no one was even, it was just him and Al in the basket. Yeah. Yeah. Well you did make a came away with zero. You did make a Field goal down the stretch. That's when Jason Tatum drove the length of the floor And we, everybody was like, wow, that was really Easy.


Well, yeah, that was, I was, I was, I was on Instagram live and I was like, who's taking this shot? No one wants to shoot Best play of all time. Just run down and dunk it. Like that's easy. Don't have to worry about shooting. But then, yeah, on the next possession, Tatum didn't wanna shoot. He tried to pass it. Michale Bridges stopped it. It was, it was, again, this has been a, this iteration of the Celtics, Jason Tatum, Jalen Brown era. This has been somewhat of a common theme where they get a little tight down the stretch and it doesn't look good. And right now they're in one of those modes. Yeah. And it feels like the Knicks gain Strike, but there's no way it happens again, It feels like the, I know you said before, you're not scared of anyone on the Knicks and Jalen Bruns is good.


Jalen Brunson, when they get into clutch time. And also by the way, Mikhail Bridges incredible. Fourth quarter. He scored 14 points. He was everywhere on defense. They're just a gritty team. Yeah, they're a gritty team now. They're now, while watching this game, Hank, how many times did you think about Jerry O'Connell and what he was maybe, was he like, you know, bing bonging to himself? Was it, did it pop in your head that like Jerry's having the best time and maybe the 86 Mets thing is correct and could you hear the bing bong ringing in your ears? It, I was happy that I was like on my couch. I was like, it it's one of those perspective things. Yeah. Where it's like, this is Bing Traumatic, but at least I'm not getting this Fucking Alright, we're doing sound.


What is Bing, bing, bing. Thank I'm wearing the broke back hat. It's my lucky broke back hat and gave it to me. I can't quit you. I can't quit you. Hey everyone, I'd like to introduce to everyone our new puppy, Jalen. Oh, That's an adorable name. Brunson not brown. I'm inside you. I can't quit you. I can't quit you. Well, Hank, what do you I mean, Jerry's here.


Jerry's here. Hey, I heard your ear popped yesterday. It's two days ago. Yeah. It wasn't your fault, Jerry. Yeah. Had nothing to do with it. I told you you had a little cold, a little head cold. What are you gonna say to Jerry? Yeah, I'm, I'm happy Jerry's enjoying it. It's, it's a fun little ride. He is getting his hopes up. And, and we're gonna go into New York and shut him up. That's fine. Hey, they deserve to gloat. They, they won two games that they shouldn't have won. And, and I got nothing to say. Congratulations. Hanky. I want you to say there's something special about this Knick team. No, I will not say that. I won't hear you Say it. No. Say, I wanna hear you say there's some magic there.


Jalen Bruns is a good player and you guys are getting very lucky. Mm. You know what's funny? Wednesday when I was on the podcast, you know what I was thinking of? The Giants beating Patriots. Such a break. You're a fucking Jets fan, Jerry. No, I'm just, we're inside you. Bing bong, bing bang, binging. Jalen only knows the Nick reading the Celtics. Bing, bing, bong bing bang. Jerry, where are you? Where are you right now? Oh My, I remember my car was on the show on Wednesday. It broke down. Yeah.


PT knows what I'm talking about. I hear you. I hear You. I'm waiting. J Jerry, Hank was saying earlier this week that he would not be worried if the Celtics went down two. Nothing. Now that they are down two, nothing. He just, he confided in us that he was, in fact, a little bit worried. I don't know if you have any words of encouragement or anything like that, but the, the, the board needs to be picked up a little bit. No, I don't have words of encouragement as a Knicks fan being up too well, but I'm worried the Celtics are awesome and for some reason they're not hitting shots. And for some reason, at the end of the game, they're not getting shots off.


That's gotta be so frustrating. Two games in a row. Nightmare on Hanky Street, part two. Yeah. So, so do you, I mean, is game three a Must win or can't lose Jerry At the Garden? It's gonna be electric. I wish I could afford tickets there if I had just gambled more at, at Graph King Sports book. Maybe I could have bought a couple of those, but, oh, I'll be watching from a bar in Los Angeles. I hate to give out my location, but here we go. 33 taps Los Angeles. It's, it's a Knick's bar. It's incredible. I love it.


Wait, so, so what do you, are you scared of the Celtics now? Or like at all, Jerry? Like they're, I mean, the, they're, let Me tell you, let me tell you something about the New York mentality. Okay? We are always scared of opponents. We come out fighting. We're in a corner, we're hungry. We're gonna fight you up until the last God. Yeah. Look at you. Hank Jalen. It's a cute puppy. Yeah. Jalen. How old is Jalen? You Jaylen's?


Only two months old. Oh wow. Oh wow. I know my wife, my wife is always on next door and it's usually like there's an unhoused person or a, there's meth dealing going on here, but we saw some puppies up next door. Oh, say hi to Jalen. Hank. It's a cute puppy. Hank hates dogs. Hank, Come on. Whoa. Hank the, the question could go back to you though. Is this a must winner or is it a can't lose for the Celtics? Can't lose, Can't lose this One. And so you're not must winning it going down three. Nothing. That, to me, you can't go down three. Nothing. Which is why we can't lose it. It's a must win. No. If we lose series is over.


Mm. Really? Actually, no. I think we could still come back from 3.0. Okay. Okay. Alright. So Jerry, so you're gonna be at the bar. I don't think Boston's ever done that against New York. Yeah, We're gonna have, we're gonna have at least six games here, right? At, at at bare minimum. Yep. You might have to come and Yeah. And stream a game with us. Yeah, I would love it. Listen, I'm not working. I'm just doing like Boers. My wife is doing that X-Men movie, so I got time. Yeah. Think isn't a dog guy. Are you a, are you a cat guy? Carly Anthony Towns. Jerry, can I ask a, a, a question not about basketball.


'cause there was news yesterday that, that, I don't know why it was reported, but your wife is, is not gonna be nude in the new movie. What, where was that report? What I got tagged? I got, I got tagged in a bunch of tweets that just said Rebecca Oma will not appear nude in, in Avengers. Well, I mean, like, you talking like full, I don't know. Or jj, I, I don't dunno. I I just, I got it. I got tagged in outta respect. I didn't, I, my brain went to quote tweeting being like, fuck you, Jerry, you did this. But I didn't. And I, out of respect, I just ignored it. I, I'm gonna be honest with you, there's so much secrecy around those Marvel movies.


My wife didn't even tell me that my wife was gonna be in that movie. I found out through you guys congratulating me. Yeah. And I was like, are are you in the next X-Men movie? My wife was like, yeah, I didn't wanna tell you. It's like privileged info. Let me just double check this news here. Rebecca Romaine nude. Yeah. I got an auto complete on that. I don't see anything in, in the actual, sorry, Jerry. I, I don't see anything in the actual news about it. Alright. Yeah. I guess I don't think it's, I don't think it's a story. Okay. Maybe ask her about it though. Tell her we say hi. Yeah. Okay. Tell her we say hi and tell her. I mean, listen, you're, you're living your life right now. You're, you're bing bong and Hank to death.


He's, He. Oh man, he Is. I was walking the streets yesterday and everyone was like, is that the broke back hat? Is that Hank's broke back hat? We're all touching it. You should have never given this to me. Hank Ever. Bing. I can't quit you. Yeah. I can't quit you. Yeah. Hank Hank Hank's down bad. Oh, I get it. Broke back Mountain. Oh, yeah, yeah, Yeah. You finally get it. That's good. You finally get it. You finally Getting this, you finally Getting it. Pop Your other here. Dude, You're finally getting it. Come on. Hey. Oh, Hank fight back. I got no, I got nothing. A say. I can't wait to shut up. Fucking Jerry in his stupid pint 33 bar.


Shaima. Stiller. Tracy Morgan, Acton Bronson, the Garden's gonna be rocking. Oh, Acton Bronson. Action. Bronson, by the Way, do you wanna know what the funniest is? And we're gonna smoke him. Max pissed. Pick the worst week to go on vacation. He keeps trying to insert himself on X. I'm, that's the biggest Even you can admit. We could agree on that, Jerry. Yeah. There you go. I've Never seen someone try harder and fall flatter on their face. Yeah. Hey Jerry, can you give Hank a little for old time's sake. Wanna see a dead body? We're not dead though. That's the thing. What's going on? What? That's adorable. Big Bong. Somebody, somebody gonna throw up. Yeah. He's singing Bing bong.


Say bing bong bing bong bing bong. It's a cute dog. It's adorable. It's a very Cute dog's. Such a cute dog. Oh, Hanky. If the Knick's wind game three Saturday, 1230 Pacific time, three 30 Eastern time, you wanna go see a dead body? All right. I also gotta say, 'cause I was, I was just in the, in the, in the lab going through the pm MTV us golfing with Jerry and it's, Jerry was a delight in it. So it's, it's tough to really, oh, He's the best. Tough To hate, but I do hate him. Yeah. He's the absolute best Gone.


He gone. Just admit, just admit you were yelling In my ear. Like, just, just, just, Just Admit you were yelling in my ear. I gotta go guys. Oh. Alright. Jerry. Jerry, good luck with the car. Thank you so much, Jerry. Thanks. You're the best. Hank. Yeah. Jerry just ringing in your head. Big car. Yeah. Listen, like I Hank's trying to do the math on how he can figure out how to come up on top of this situation. I don't think that's, you're down two. Oh, it sucks. And I don't really care. People hate me and everyone loves Jerry. I can't fucking stand him when he does that. But it is what it is.


There's really, he, he deserves to gloat. I do think the Celtics are gonna win this series easily. I easily, easily What is Wait, Wait, wait. Back. It's already out. What does easily mean? You can't be easy. Four, Two is four. When you're looking back on The history books, Four two is pretty easy. That's easily, Is that a whopping? I We've put ourselves in a spot where, again, the one thing that's that is good to know is that we're the better team and Missoula loves these spots. Like he trains this team all season long to be in these spots where your back's up against the wall. There's no room for error. Unfortunately there is no room for error.


They have to win. They have to win game three. If they lose Game four. That sounds like a must win to me. Yeah. Also like being in game three with a must win means that it's not easy. Yeah. You can't be an easily Well it's not a must win Hank Harvey sake. You can't do both. You can't lose. Will you, what's the lead that you'll feel good about at this point? None. 40 10 with a minute. 10 with a minute. Yeah. But be careful. Yeah. Until next series. If it's the Pacers, then you can't, it Feels a lot also. Oh man, I didn't realize Jason Tatum only had 13 points. Yeah. Like the 20, 20, 20 23 heat series too, where those early games were games that the Celtics were winning, felt like they should have won and then boom, it's 3.0 And we still almost won that series too.


But you just can't, we, we just gotta win on Saturday. Are you, you do, You do make a good point though that this is Missoula's. Like this is where he loves to be. He's like a pig in shit right now where it's like, okay, we now he really has to tap into that inner psycho that he's got. 'cause he loves to do things. Like when we talked to him about like his house, he's got a nice house. He was like, I kind of wanted to destroy part of it with a sledgehammer so that I could feel like grittier and, and more inspired. This does feel like obviously you'd rather be up to nothing than down to nothing. But we're gonna see some wild boy shit outta Missoula, I think. Yeah. Also shout out Mitchell Robinson, even though they're, that one free throw was one of the worst free throws of all time. It was so funny.


His rebounding in defense was enormous. I think he was the only guy that was plus on their team. Yeah, he was, well there was a campaign in Miles McBride were Deuce McBride, but he was plus 19. Yeah. I It wasn't, does it make you a little even more nervous knowing that that wasn't even a crazy jail in Brunson game? It was like Josh Hart and MHA Bridges. Mikhail Bridges in in the fourth quarter. He didn't hit a shot until the fourth quarter, but he hit 14. Had 14 points in the fourth quarter. Like they, like you can say the Celtics didn't make their threes again. The Knicks just won a game in Boston with Jalen Brunson only scoring 17 points. Yeah, But he hit, he hit, he had the clutch points. That's why he was a clutch player of the year. He had, he kind of, you know, scored when they needed them to score in the fourth quarter.


And then the role players stepped up now that Ka was two, but he, he, he hit like three very clutch shots. Yeah, Kat was really good. Kat was a beast on the boards. I think if you rank these. All right, let's finish with this rank. The worrisome that you have with these three guys. Christop, I'll Give you all three. Christop, Jalen Brown. 'cause it's Christop, whatever the, whatever disease he has. He, he's number one. Jalen Brown's knee and Jason Tatum. Just not having Aura And Wrist. No. Jason Tatum's. Wrist, wrist, wrist. I would go Christop won pretty, pretty significant gap. Jason Tatum. Jalen Brown.


Okay, so Jason Tatu number Brown number A good last night. Yeah. What About Derrick White? Derrick White. I have the utmost confidence in they, they just have to hit shots. Like that's, that's the thing. Like there's nothing. How about also We just have to hit shots. We're getting open shots. Like we don't even have to get better shots and hit them. We just have to What about go to the rim? They did go to the rim more last night. They did. They took less threes that, that Jason Tatum shot though was so crazy. Yeah. And they just, yeah, I don't know. I don't know. I I feel good. You feel good? Hey, question. Yes. So you said earlier in this interview that It's not interview Well No. We're interviewing you right now. Yeah. We're interviewing you. Asking you we're all hosting.


You're we're It's a post interview interview. 'cause Jerry O'Connell, we just interviewed him and now we're interviewing you, getting your reaction to it. Earlier in this interview you stated that the Celtics were the better team losing two games in a row. In fact the only two games in this series. How do you justify that statement? How do you square that? Well, PFT, so the NBA does this thing called a regular season where there's a much bigger sample size of games and That's more important than the postseason. No, But to, to your, to answer your question of how did I come to the conclusion that the CELs for the better team, they have led more in this series. They had more regular season wins, so therefore they are the better team. Just because they lost a couple of games does not change that.


And I believe that Vegas, Las Vegas and Draftking Sports book, all the people that decide who was favored in these games in these series agree with me. Well, no, because I think the Knicks are favored to win this series now. I Don't think so. They were early this morning, but I think that flipped back did flip. I think now it's the Celtics minus Southern minus Five or one 15 At one point. The Knicks were minus 1 25 Celtics are minus one 20 Raft Kings Knicks are plus a hundred. So, Okay, so it flipped. Point me. Well that's also the people flipped it. They released it as Nick's favorite. So The people agree with me. Yeah, the people. But that's not Vegas agreeing. The Vegas just reacts to what the people look at. I'm Looking at It. Vegas. Yeah. No, but they released it as Nick's minus 1 25. Like I've said for the last like three, four months, this Knick's team is built to beat the Celtics.


I'm so happy you you bailed On that. I know. I bailed on it so early. Yeah, you did So early. You bailed so early after. I think it was one game after I put the future, I'm like, I'm like, fuck this. There's no chance in hell the Knicks beat the Celtics. Oh man. You're fine. Hank. Yeah, You're fine. Where are you gonna be watching game game three? I'll be in situ. So probably my parents' basement. Okay. Maybe TKs. Okay. Okay. So you're fine. Yeah. I, it, it we're, okay. Wait, Are you fine? Are you worried? Are you not worried? I'm, you're all over the place. You Yeah. You, you're giving us the body language and your face giving Us pressure is a privilege. Pre pressure is a privilege.


And and Brooks always, as Brooks said, is like, when you're worried, that just means, you know, there's pressure and pressure's a good thing. So it's, I'm, I'm happy to feel the pressure, but I do feel it. I do feel it. It is, Jerry also did bring up a good point, like what a week for Max to miss. Because if the Celtics come back and win this series, he just didn't get to have any of the fun that, you know, he wants to and he's just trying to, he's trying to do it from afar and it's just like, oh man. Yeah. This is what he lives to do. It is like the one time that he can really take a big shit right. On Hank's head and he Just can't do it and he Can't too far away to shit. Yeah. The Time zones way too far. It, it, the shitting on Hank doesn't work when you're recording a video and posting it live and the time is noticeably different.


Yeah. Like it's the middle of the day and you're already moved on to the nighttime. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Nuggets, thunder. The thunder. Now they did what I think everyone expected the calves to do in game two and what the Celtics to do in game two Scheduled when They absolutely demolished. I, so I actually, like, I've been very low on sleep 'cause we were traveling Monday and, you know, kidney, kidney, so whatever. So I, in the, at halftime, I was like, you know what, I think I'm okay. I think I'm gonna go to sleep. And then I woke up at like one in the morning in like a nervous sweat being like, what if the, what if the Nuggets had come back and won this game? Yeah. They never really got that Close. They never, I, I was happy with my decision And it was, it was the 87 in the first half from the Thunder that Yeah, that's a, I think an NBA playoff record.


It Was crazy. They hit every single shot. They shot 44% from three 56% from the field. Everyone scored. I mean if you look at it, I think they played all 15 guys. Like they were just emptying the bench, meaning like, big minutes and the thunder. Yeah. This was their schedule. Like they, they won one in OKC, now you gotta regroup, go back. I still think it's gonna be a very good series. But this was the thunder we all expected as the one seed, as the 68 team win. They, they, they flexed their muscles and they're like, yeah, we actually are still these guys. Did you see what t and t did on the broadcast last night? No. So this was in the second half before the game was over, they changed the graphic to, to one one like the graphic that's on the screen that says what the score of the series is overall.


Not like, you know, cutting away to a graphic and being like, okay, series tied one, one going back on screen before the game. I think there were about two or three minutes left in the game, which is crazy to do. Right. But at this point, like, nobody can even argue with that. Right. If they had done that up, you know, 10 points, even 20 points with three minutes left, you're like, what the fuck? But the game was like, I think a 40 point lead at that point. They're like, okay, we've, we've literally never done this. But if there's a time to do it, it's now. Yeah, because It, let's put it up there because I mean, I had it in the back of my head where I was like, I'm gonna go to sleep. But this is knowing how these Playoffs have gone, this could be a huge mistake. Yeah. But yeah, it was, it was never even You were safe close. I was safe. I, I needed to sleep too. So it felt good. But I did, it was my content brain woke me up out of a dead sleep at 1:00 AM and I was like, 'cause my, I think my last tweet was literally at halftime being like scheduled loss for the Nuggets.


Yeah. This is what I expected out of the other one. Seeds and two seeds. So if, if you're the nugget, I I would be not feeling, I'd be feeling as bad about a one one series tie as possible after this game. Yeah. The way that it went. Like, Yeah, because the Thunder, the Thunder game won as much as it was an ex insane comeback for the Nuggets. It really, I felt like more of a choke for the thunder and the way they managed the timeouts and the fouls and all that stuff and missing free throws. So yeah, I'd agree. I think that the nuggets gotta be a little scared going, going back. I Think the thunder's up in the series one-to-one. Yes, I'd agree. Hank you agree? You're still just trying to get The confidence. Sure. Yeah. Hank still Has no confidence.


Hank, do something that brings you joy today. Like go play some golf. Can't. Why not traveling? Were you, were you shocked by, by Jerry being back on? No, I knew it was Gonna But you said at the time you're like, oh, we're doing this again. Yeah. I Mean, well, I mean, he's 86 minutes or up to Nothing. He's been, he's been waiting for this moment for over a year or he was bing bing you when it, it wasn't even the Knicks. I know. I I What What Is it? Well said. What is it Hank? I hate, I hate I hate it, but whatever. It is what it is. I I you don't wanna be the guy that's just hating on the thing that everyone else loves.


But I I hate it. You hate, you hate Jerry. Is what you're trying to say is you hate Jerry O'Connell. I hate hearing Jerry O'Connell when we are, when we were hanging out at the Be gala off camera. Great. When we were golfing. Great. His man in the arena, his shtick. That's not a shtick. He's bing bonging. I hate it. He's bing bonging. Just deal with it. Hank, you're up. Listen, if you were up to nothing then you wouldn't think anything of It. I would not be doing that. I would not be gloating in his face. Screaming in his ear. That is true. Yeah. But you're also not Mr. Bing bong. Right. And you also he's Not Mr. Bing bong. He is Mr We know who Yeah. The real bing bong guy was like, I want meet, shout out to him. He wants to meet Jerry O'Connell. I was like, I'll try to get that set up. He said that. Yeah. He dmd me today. Ugh. He was just like, I love this. I love Jerry and his bing bong.


He's probably, that's probably like a long con to, to serve him hopeful There was A No, he's he just said, he, he hit me up. He just said, bro, I gotta meet this guy from Baral loves Bing bong guy cracks me up There. That's from Bing bong guy himself. He And he's way more of Mr. Bing bong than you are. No shit Jerry. I'm Not a bit Steeler. So Yeah, let's go, let's go. Hank. Yeah. That's A fight. This, I want you to have this fight. Hank, this is Salt d Hank. Oh boy. Hank the Celtics are a scrappy little team. Kevin Harlan literally said that. Yeah. At the end of the game. The Celtics are so scrappy. They Are scrappy. Like, Good for them. They competed hard. They almost won both those games. We're gonna listen, we're gonna be fine by, by the time we're talking on Tuesday, I'll be in the world A little bit.


Joy in your eye. Are we not Doing a show on Sunday night? Well, That'll just be, we, that'll be, we'll be halfway there half. Okay. I saw a little, a little glint of joy in your eye because Jerry's been bringing up all the old New York stuff when you thought about the Red Sox, Yankees. Yeah. That Was, they go down now. Now you've got, we're not Gonna get to that point. But you did that, that I did file that away. You like Perked up a Little bit if another So I would Shocked. You always hope they go down oh three so they can come back. No, I feel like this is a seven game series. Yeah, probably. I don't know. I mean, I do think themselves will make shots eventually. I Just, yeah. I I Maybe they won't though p ft. That would, If they don't, that would be crazy. If they what if they Just don't? What if they literally just don't make shots?


They will, But what if they don't? They will. Okay. Okay. So who's the most important player on Saturday? Jason Tatum. Yeah. Yeah. By the way, The Portus thing is also crazy. Yes. So yeah, walk me through what's going on. He Sat out like a handful of games in March with an illness undisclosed. And then he sat out a couple games last playoffs and was out for most of game one with the same illness. But it's not disclosed. And it's like there's such a big gap between the two. How, like what could it be that it's still lingering and why won't they disclose it?


It's very strange and worrisome. Are there rumors? No. Hipaa, no HIPAA violations. I've Heard rumors, but I'm not gonna do hipaa. Yeah, Me neither. Have You heard rumors? No. I've heard rumors, but I'm not gonna do hipaa. Okay. Do you wanna bleep out the rumor I heard? Yeah. Bleep it out. Okay. I, yeah, I've heard that as well. That's the rumor that I've heard. Not good. No, because That does, I don't know how you fix that. Yeah. That might be like a stamina or like, yeah. Yeah. He just doesn't have the juice. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know man. I don't know, man. Okay. By the way, the, we, we already knew it, but Juan didn't put on the shirt and now he's flexing about how he's undefeated in the shirt that he did wear.


I hate this guy. Fuck This Guy. I really hate This guy again. I I don't like the dark t-shirts. I think they're gonna switch it up though. You Yeah. I think next game, game five is gonna definitely be something different. I think it's Probably too late to switch it up after game one into game two. They probably had the t-shirt designer like they had, you gotta order that shit will in advance. But if you really want that, and also they did win by like 43 points. Yeah. But just from a visual, from an aesthetic, I think the ratings would've been higher if they were wearing brightly colored shirts in the second half. I'd agree. I'd agree. Big Cat you would've, you would not have gone To sleep. I would say I would. I would've been so wired Yeah. That I couldn't have gone to sleep. Yep. Isn't it like the best feeling though when you nail I'm gonna go to sleep early. Yep. Because you make the, you make the decision of like, I do need sleep.


But I like most of the time I'm like, I'm staying through it. But I was like, you know what, this game is over. Yeah. It was A great feeling. I didn't miss anything and There's no worse feeling than the opposite. Oh, the worst. I went to bed the other week and I was like, this episode of Last of Us is gonna be exactly like the other three beforehand. That was a, that was a nightmare to wake up from. Yeah. Alright, let's get to our interview with Gilbert Arenas.


Okay. Before we get to Gilbert Arenas, truly, truly unruly lemonade combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite. Lemonade. Lemonade let loose 8% a BV 100% delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors, bump and blue RAs OG original Lemonade punched up pineapple and wild pink. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly. Find it store near you or visit truly hard seltzer.com. We love truly it is getting warm out. It's feeling like summertime. We got golf, we got the beach, we got barbecues, we got rooftop parties. Do it all with the best drink out there. Truly hard seltzer lemonade. Let loose 8% a BV 100% delicious. And like I said, four supercharged lemonade flavors. They got the bump and blue Ra, the OG original Lemonade, the punched up pineapple. My personal favorite. The wild pink Go right now. Let's get unruly this summer with truly it's official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Find it a store near you or visit truly hard seltzer.com.


We're also brought to you by Cosm Hank. Yeah. We're brought to you by Cosm. So I mean, as you, as you know, it's been a bad week for me with the Celtics and Nicks and, and Jerry O'Connell. And I've been trying to think of ways to, to shift the tides and, and get some momentum back in my favor. And I was thinking out loud and I was talking to Beef and, and Trent and Riggs when they were here recently. 'cause they were at the Cosm in Dallas. Mm. Unbelievable viewing experience. Feels like you're in the stadium. They show 400 plus live sports events a year. And they have one in LA and they have one in Dallas. So I was maybe, and And we will see, but maybe, you know, maybe I end up in Dallas at, at Cosm maybe. Okay. Just to try and, you know, get, get the Bing bong shift. Wait, wait. You said that they have one in LA too, right? They do have one in la What if you went there with Jerry? Oh, I don't want do that. No, but either way, cosms hooking up Awls with 15% off round two NBA and NHL playoff tickets. Use code Barstool at checkout. I mean, have you seen the vi the videos from inside this place are unbelievable. It looks like if you can't be in the stadium, it's the second best option and it honestly might be a better option than being in, in the stadium. Shorter lines for the bathroom. Definitely Shorter lines for the bathroom. Yep. You can just get in your car. Get home. Traffic's probably not as bad leaving, but yeah, 15% off for all the Awls. Use code Barsol at checkout. Go do it. Love it. See you there.


All right. Here he is. Gilbert Arenas. Okay, we Now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. It is Gilbert Arenas. He's joining us. He's got a new documentary out. It is on Netflix. Untold Story Shooting guards. Gilbert, first of all, thank you for joining us. We wanna talk about the documentary, we wanna talk about the NBA playoffs, some of your career. But before we do that, I, we were gonna have you on last week, I think it was two weeks ago. And then your son obviously got in that car accident. Is he doing okay? Because that was obviously really, really scary I'm sure for you. But I, I hope that he's doing a lot better. Yeah, Yeah.


He's he's doing a lot better. Yeah, I mean, it was a scary moment. You know, it's, you know, teenage kids when they get these, these cars, you know, you, you, you kinda get worried about him sometimes. You know, 4:00 AM what was it? Five? It was about 5:00 AM he's coming back from working out before he went to school. And he said the, the car computer just malfunctioned and then, oh shit. Ran, ran, ran, ran into a fire hydrant tree. Damn. That's scary. Yeah. Damn. So, and he's playing ball at USC next year, right? Yeah, He's going to USC next year. And, you know, UCLA saved his life, so that's gonna be interesting, right? Oh, there you go. Yeah, we're, well we're, we're big Musclemen guys, so he's been a friend of ours for a long time, so he'll, he'll be in good hands.


So the, the new documentary out on Netflix, like I said, untold stories, shooting guards. Let me ask you this, how like, this felt like this was a long time in the making, it's obviously centered around you and Javaris and the, the incident in the locker room. How do you feel like it was, it came out, how, how, like the story was told after you watched it, were you like, this is pretty accurate to what, what happened? Or do you think they kind of missed some things When it comes to like in the making? It actually wasn't that long. I really didn't care. Two shits about it. And you know, when I heard Javar was coming out because he, because he was in and it was 23 years, it was like, ah, you know, I'm not gonna tell a one sided story.


You know, both parties need to be there. So, you know, it was put on the back burner When it comes to the details of the story itself, the locker room, it was pretty accurate, you know, that's why I was joking so much during the time it happened. Like, it, it was a typical day. I mean, you know, I know the guns, but it was a typical day in the locker room, a wizards locker room. But I was intrigued on, you know, what happened to him after. Because you know, sometimes when, you know, situations like that happen, you go down two paths, right. You can, you know, hide from the world or you can be, you know, Superman.


Yeah. And it, you guys at the end of the, the documentary at showed that you guys are still in touch to this day. Did you, did you reach back out to him when he got outta prison? Or have you guys been in touch over the last couple decades? Is that something that you guys went your separate ways and then you decided to come back and, and say, Hey, check in on him? Or is that more recent? No, I mean even, even after like, you know, this wasn't an enemy. This is was one of the, the, the closest guys on the team with me, right? Every time we was on a road trip, he would come to my room order food, right. And we'd just chop it up and, you know, just talk about life and basketball and training. So, you know, he was the closest guy to me besides like Nick Young.


So, you know, our beef mostly came because I didn't like the way he was talking to our teammates. Right. Why we, why he was losing money. So that's really how it, it, it, it started. So like, even right after, once I realized, man, you know, if we do, if the NBA do call us, I'll just take all the blame. So, you know, they didn't use the, the, the text message where I text them. I think it was like December, like 21st 2009. Like, yo, if the NBA comes in just blame me. You didn't have no gun. I'll take full responsibility for this. And then, you know, when his mom got, I, I think she needed a surgery, you know, everybody kind of like turned it back on him.


I'm the one who helped pay for it. So I've been there, you know, the whole time, you know, we went, we went probably like a year without talking. 'cause he was mad at me because something I probably text on Instagram joking around. But I bought all of his cell phones that got him put in the hole Right. For the last, you know, eight years. Right. I was supplying him his cell phones. So what, what are the more interesting parts of this, this documentary, and I was a fan of these wizards team, so I remember watching it how fun you were. You guys were kind of outta control sometimes. But it was a, it was a fun team to watch. There, there was no mention of Deshaun Stevenson in the documentary.


And I feel like his, his playoff battles against LeBron where he would just openly antagonized LeBron going into the games. That was so fun. I know that you guys had some rivalries, some, some bets. I know you competed in a three point shootout against Deshaun, right? And yes. What were the rules of that and how much money was on the line? The rules were, I was shoot one hand, it wasn't even a rule. It was just one of those things that, so it started with Roger Mason. So for some reason they had this idea that Roger Mason was a better college high school three point shooter than me because they felt that, oh, you only shoot threes.


Well today's basketball threes in layups, right? So I said, what are you talking about? I bet 20 grand I will beat him. I'll blow him out. Right. So we was in Boston, went to a gym, beat him, and then while I was bragging Deshaun Stevenson started, you know, talking. So I said, bro, I'll beat you with one hand. I'll bet you 20 that. And then, you know, other people took that bet on his side, which was weird. Yeah. So, so we bet 20 and I beat him with the one hand. I I didn't take, I didn't take the money though. Yeah. I, I think the stat line that came outta that, you went 73 for a hundred from three flatfooted with one hand, and then 76, 76, it shoot me three, geez.


76. Yeah. And then, and then you, you ran it back against Nick Young and you brought a hundred grand in cash and a duffel bag into the gym, right? Yes. Oh yeah. That was a few years later. That was here in Los Angeles. Yeah. He didn't show up. I think I went 90, I probably went 95, 96 from three. Jesus. So that's like, I, when, whenever the debate comes out about like, and NFL players playing in the N-B-A-N-B-A players playing in the NFL, obviously everyone has their side, but I do think that like the regular world doesn't understand just how good NBA players are at shooting. Like in an open gym. You guys just don't miss, like would you just, when you were practicing, would you just go a hundred in a row?


Like not even thinking about it. Because if you've ever seen it, even the guy on the end of the bench can just make every shot when they're in an open gym. Yeah. When, when you're in an open gym, it's, it's literally everyone, everyone is a great shooter. Yeah. You know, it's, it's, it is practice shooting. There's, you're in your own comfortable environment, you probably got earphones on, right. The gym is smaller, so it's not, it's not this wide open space. What happens is some people can't translate the crowd, the atmosphere, the, the bigger arena. They don't know how to gauge the distance. And, you know, as much as I shot in a practice gym, I shot in the NBA gym also.


So like night before games, I'll have them put the floor down in the one rim up and I'll sit there and shoot thousands of shots. Yeah. Do you, do you think about like the way the NBA and basketball, both college and NBA have gone, do you feel like, man, I missed, I missed my era a little bit because it is just threes and, and layups a lot, a lot of these teams are doing the analytical thing where like, I know you shot a lot of threes during your career, but I bet you if you were playing in the NBA right now, they, the coach would tell you to shoot even more threes. Yeah. You know, listen, listen, it's, I love this generation, I love the era the star players are doing what star players do, right?


The Kish, the shas, the Brunsons, right? The star players have a, they just have a different game. What analytics has done has tooken players that shouldn't touch the ball, right? That shouldn't shoot the ball. This freedom of shot, Right? Right. Where you have your fourth or fifth best player on the court allowed to shoot four, five threes, right? Like, we have to get this total of 50 threes and then you start looking around like, okay, if I'm Tatum, okay, I got eight of 'em, brown, you got eight. Hey coach, we need about 40 something more where we, where we gonna get 'em from, right? And then like Derrick White raising his hand like, wait, wait, wait, wait.


Hold on guy, you got paid for defense play defense. Right? You're not gonna be chucking 10 threes up. And that's what end up happening in this new analytic where they're trying to feel all these three point quotas and you guys are not three point shooters. Right? Right. So, so speaking of that series, and I know you, you, you watch ball every night, it's stunning that the Knicks are up two oh in this series. What, like, what do you, like, what do you take from those first two games? Because like part of me says like, oh, the Celtics are gonna eventually make some threes, but also it does feel like the game gets close late and Jalen Brunson is that type of dog and like, almost like the Knicks are in their comfort zone when they're behind and they come back and they put the pressure on the Celtics.


The Celtics have completely like pissed down their leg late in these games. It's crazy to watch. Yeah. Every time I've watched them lose, it's the same motto. They're going 10 for 60, 15 for 45, it's not very great shooting percentage from the three point line. It's like, these guys are living and dying by a three pointer. Yeah, you're gonna go up 20, but you get caught easily. Right. It's not like you're, you know, you're going up by 20 and then now beating them to the basket and you know, getting this free throw like it's threes or layups. And right now they're just living on threes. And I said it last year, I said, the kitty's heels is, if they have these horrible shooting nights from the three point line, they don't actually take enough twos Right.


To, you know, to to, to cushion that. And you play, you know, I, I argued if you play a team like Giannis Giannis plays old school basketball, he's going to get you in foul trouble. He's trying to make layups. He's going, they're gonna beat you. Right. You play against Brunson. Brunson plays old school basketball. He's going to layups midranges try to get you in foul trouble. He's a foul Baer. And then last five minutes, he's the closest thing we have to mamba mentality, the real mamba mentality. Like, you know, from 96 to before he passed, not after he passed, and it became, you know, a watered down version of what Mamba mentality was. The mamba mentality, this selfish thing. No one like that killer mentality that wants to take over the world.


That's what Brunson has in the last five minutes. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it, it's been crazy watching this series and I don't know what the Celtics are gonna do to adjust because it seems like they've just tried to shoot their way out of having bad shooting nights and maybe, maybe something happens when they go to a different arena. I don't know. But the old saying is like, the role players play better at home, but the Knicks role players have been playing pretty good on the road right now. So I don't know if, if you were coaching the Celtics, do you just say, listen, we gotta stick with what got us all these wins. What with, what got us a championship last year? Or do we need to tweak something? Because what we're doing right now, it's not working. Last Year is last year and you know, we have a new year playing against a new, a new enemy. And this enemy is, has came back twice while we were up 20.


Yeah, we're up 20, but we're losing at the end. So we're doing something wrong. I, me personally, as a coach, I've watched us lose and how we've lost, and some, for some reason you guys don't realize that we've missed five or six threes in a row. One of you guys go make a layup right at the beginning of the game. First person to shoot a fucking three out. I'm subbing you out and I'm to get you, I don't, I don't care who it is at this point because I need, I need to reverse engineer what they're doing because obviously they're closing out on a three, they're playing for the three. Jason Tatum, they, Nicks went up Jason Tatum literally inbound the ball Got it.


Back in full core layup. Yeah. That like, that's how easy it's been. You just go to the basket. Yeah. Yeah. You remember, you remember the hardest team that that people don't, no one really paid attention to was the second year or LeBron's first championship with Miami when him and D Wade said, yo, we're not shooting threes this year. Yeah. And did you see how hard they regard because when LeBron drove D Wade dived, they was doing this double lob type of play.


Yeah. And nobody was ready for two guys with 40 inch verticals slashing and dunking that, that team was really hard to guard. And I I, that was the best LeBron. And you know, they put it in their minds, we're not gonna be sitting here chucking threes and and bailing the other team out. Like, you guys are you guys, Jalen and Tatum is the most athletic dudes on the court and you're doing sidestep threes at six nine and six 10. Yeah. That's ridiculous. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I, I thought like the, the craziest possession in the whole game was when the Knicks were coming back and there was that possession where Horford was under the basket and Brunson had fallen down and Tatum had the ball in the corner shooting at three with like three minutes left.


All they gotta do is get a bucket to stop the Knicks. Like, and, and he takes the three and yes, it's a wide open three, but he also had a wide open Al Horford standing under the, the hoop. And it's like, just get the bucket, just get two points or get fouled just to stop what the Knicks are doing. Yeah. I just don't understand who's doing the math Yeah. On the analytics. Like who is actually math and the analytics. You're shooting 60 threes, you have 105 points. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know how that's smacking for you guys, but that is horrible. Yeah. And now obviously, you know, game three could happen and the Celtics could shoot 50% from three and win by 30 and we'd look stupid.


But that's, you kind of, you're, you're playing on the razor's edge where it's like if you get cold for a few games, you're out. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you're one of those games, you're right. They're gonna shoot 45 to 50 something percent from the three point line. They're gonna win by 30 in a seven game series. That's a one gamer. Yeah. Yeah. One Gamer and a one halfer. Yeah. And you better hope it happens in the second half, not the first half. Yeah. Like it's been doing. Yeah. What about, so we talked about it, the Pacers have been incredible in these playoffs, they're up two Oh on the calves. The thing that strikes me is like similar to the Knicks, where in these fourth quarters, they've two outta last three games, they've come back from seven down under a minute.


Is there, is it as simple as like they are better conditioned than the teams they're playing and it feels like they still have gas in the tank at the end of games, whereas the opponent just kind of runs outta gas and it's like, maybe it's because they play at such a high pace, but it does feel like when they get to the fourth quarter, the other teams got hands on hips and hands on knees and they're just still running and going right at you. I mean, when you're talking about the Pacers, the Pacers is no different than like the Phoenix Suns was, right. Their style is running and trying to run you outta building New Jersey Net's oh 1 0 2 or 2000, 2001 when Jason kid got there. Right. They're, they're conditioned. But when you're talking about like somebody like Donovan Mitchell, he's conditioned to do what he does.


What happens with some of these comebacks and when you're talking about Indiana versus Cleveland, when you have this free for all, everyone gets to touch and shoot the ball. The last five minutes is your stars game. Right? The first 43 is team play. Right. The bulls we gotta try and go last five minutes is Michael Jordan. Right. We've watched it. If you look at how the game is being played now, Cleveland Cavaliers last five minutes, team basketball, everyone gets to touch it. We all did a, you know, this is a team project. And what happens is some of those guys who are not built for the moment don't realize score time and possession.


Everyone's not smart. Everyone's not the fucking quarterback on the field. You, you, you do got some dumb bots out there that that's playing and they will, they've done missed Oh. For four. They don't know time and possession. They don't realize there's a a 13 oh run and he wants to shoot a three because he's open. You're open for a reason. Right. Because they know you're, you're dumb enough to shoot that shot. And they usually do for the most part. Now when you look at the Knicks, there's only one person getting the ball last five minutes and he's gonna dictate every possession. Same with Indiana. Tyrese is gonna dictate every possession. Now Cleveland Garland being out kind of hurts him because now Donovan has to play the point and the shooting guard when he's just better at being the shooting guard and let Garland actually figure out the great plays that he needs to make when you don't score.


Yeah. Yeah. So how would you work that out? I assume that you would, you've played on some teams where, where somebody else thought that they were the man at the end of the game. And I know that you probably always knew that you were the man at the end of the game that was gonna need the ball. When it comes to somebody that, that thinks that they're the guy, but they're not. How would you go about letting him know, Hey, fuck you. I'm the man, give me the ball. Stop taking those shots. That's, that's usually already established in practice training camp, you know, one-on-ones after practice. Right. We've done already established who gets the ball at the end of the game. The only person that can offset that is the coach. Right.


When, when coach and analytics say, Hey, everybody gets to touch, we're all equal here. This is a team sport. That's the only thing that that goes into play when you're talking about who takes these last shots. But like Brunson, he didn't just get to New York and everybody was like, Hey, you take all the last shots. No, he's earned that through battling them every day in practice them in training camp and hitting big shots throughout the beginning of the season. And he's like, yeah, that's the guy right there. Yeah. So looking out West, I gotta bring up an old take of yours. You said Yoic was the worst MVP to ever win the award.


Mm. If, if SGA wins it this year, is he worse than Yoic was? Or how does that work out? Who would, who would then be the number one worst? Okay. It was more click bish. Right. I'm very good at wordplay, so, So I said he will be the worst. So if he wins the next one, he'll be the worst three time NVP in the last 40 years. Right. Because it was like, so I looked at the, so basically when I said, and you say ish NVP and worse, everybody forgets anything else you're saying. Right. They're already offended. So I added three. So there's only five people that's, that's are three time MVPs.


Those five were in that timeframe as Magic Bird, Jordan, LeBron, and Yoic at that time. He's gonna rank fifth. Right. Instead of saying five, I say worse. Right. Right. It just, it just sounds better for him. Lines. Right. That's Smart. But that, that was, you know, more of it just, you know, trying to corral it. Yeah. Well What if he becomes the, the worst four time MVP? I don't think anybody's been the worst three time and the worst four time MVP Oh Four time, I, I mean it's LeBron and Wilt It, LeBron Wilt, I think M mj. Mj I say mj. Yeah. Yeah. LeBron Wilt. But in my timeframe, yes.


He would've be the worst. 'cause it'd be like LeBron, MJ and Kareem. Kareem and Kareem. So what is the, so I guess is, is Yoic better than Bill Russell? Yeah. Okay, so Yoic has to win five MVPs then. I mean Okay, listen, because Then he would be the, he wouldn't be the worst five time MVP. 'cause I think five and Up is just Jordan, bill, Russell and, and Kareem. Yeah. You know, it just, depending on your timeframe, he'd the Se you'd be the second worst five time MVP. If You use all of NB you narrow it down. It, it depends on how you want do it these days. So if he wins, if he wins five, he'd be not the worst five time MVP. If he wins six, he'd be back to the worst. 'cause you'd have Kareem over him and then if he wins seven, he'd be, he's the worst.


He'd stay the worst. Yeah. He'd be the best and worst seven time. MVP. Like when you, when you're talking about MVP and when you're talking about like these debates, right? For some reason everybody wants to use the team award first. You want to use championships when it's actually the opposite. When you're talking about someone's personal legacy, it goes off of how dominant was he individually. And then team stuff is later on. So when you do a point system on, if you look at the top 10, you will realize them championships is irrelevant when it comes to your individual awards.


Scotty Pippin has six, right? Yeah. There's guys who don't have rings in front of him on the all time list. Oh yeah, yeah. You got Carl Malone in front of him. You got John Stockton ever. You got people who don't even have one in front of him because his six is not valued. Like Michael Jordan's six. But if you take away Michael Jordan's rings, he has 10 scoring titles, right. He has six MVPs, he has defensive award. Those, it shows his personal dominance. Yo Kish, personal dominance, when he's done, you have to argue he's top one, two best sinners ever.


Mm. Yeah. The only person who you remove rings, the only person who is gonna be standing tall over him is Kareem. Yeah. What about Shaq? Because you could always say like, Shaq is, Shaq is maybe the most dominant. Yeah. And when you use the word dominant, you gotta say like, what kind of dominant are we talking about? Are we talking about breaking Rim dominant and just brute force dominant and we're scared of you dominant? Or just sheer, I'm out here just manipulating the game, taking over dominance. Right. When, when, when you hear Shaq say dominance, I'm like, yeah, because I know how that looks. Right? You breaking rims, pushing people down.


Right. You know, there has to be a 40 minute time out because they gotta get a new rim in from Best Buy. Right. I, I get that right. But what Yoic is doing and how he dominates is dominant also. Yeah. Yeah. I think with, he's the one guy that, with that, the ring conversation is fair. It's, it's like the, the team that he has around him, and don't get me wrong, I don't think that the Nuggets have bad team around him, but he doesn't have like a genuine top tier superstar. I think the stat was there. He's never played with an all star on the nuggets. Right? Yeah. So, but when he wins, when he's able to take his team to a championship, he's literally making everybody on that floor, you know, two times better than what they could be. And he's the main reason why they get that rank. So with him, I actually do think it's fair to be like, yeah, he won a championship over some of these other great teams.


Like yeah, him, him winning a championship and Giannis winning a championship with the teams they had. I I mean it is like, wow, that's you, you, you guys are, you guys are way better than you know you get credit for. Yeah. Like we've watched Denver, we see, we like, okay, Murray, you, you should have won an an Allstar, you should have made an Allstar. Yeah. Like you're, that you're that player just for some reason, voters win against you. So you are that guy. The rest, nah. Yeah. You know, I don't know if Michael Porter Jr. I don't know how many teams he would start on Christian Brown.


I don't know how many other teams you actually start on. I'm pretty sure Gordon can get away with, you know, he can beat another four man out depending on what team he's on to start. So, you know, three of their starters, you're like, mm, Russ, Russ, triple double guy. M-V-P-M-V-P, I mean, you know, the, the Russ that we, we we love to hate. At this point, you're like, you know what? I don't know what Russ I'm gonna get today, but we're gonna watch and just do one of these and, you know, see how it works out for us. But, you know, Russ was one of those guys where I know Yoki is gonna love him, and I knew the coach is gonna love him because he does something you just can't teach.


And that's just go hard, Right? Yeah. All the time. All the time. Just Go hard. Just, Hey, go hard. And you're like, all right, I can do, I can do that. Yeah. And that's what he does all the time. Yep. You mentioned clickbait. Do you have anything to say for getting got on the ch fake Charles Barkley quote, which was very funny. You were, you were dressed as a clown on your podcast, and then you had a whole discussion about Charles, but the, the fake quote was basically Charles Barkley said, if LeBron and the Lakers lose this series against Minnesota, I don't want to hear about LeBron being a top five all time player. He never said that. Oh, he Did it. No, I'm Pretty sure it sounded Charles Barklay. I, I don't think so. I think you got got, which by the way, Charles bark way.


We live on the internet. We get got all the time. It's just part of the game, so, yeah. Wait, you didn't know that that was, I don't think that was a real quote. No, I didn't know. I mean, but it's still Charles Barklay, so Yeah. Yeah, that's true. I'll jump out the win. It said, I'll jump out the wi Is the alga about the window again? Yeah. You went in on him. You said you, what were you doing when you were 40? You were fat in Houston complaining about trying to get on the treadmill and stuff. No, I, I I'm just going off of That's real though. Yeah. That, that's what happened, right? Like I was a big Charles Barkley fan. I was the guy that wore the suns, you know, back then we, you know, in the black community, you know, we used to put words and you know, logos in our head for some reason.


And I had Phoenix Suns where I can go back and forth up and down and it still spell suns. So I was a big Barclay fan. So I remember his career. Yeah. So listening to him now talking about, you know, you know, going at Kevin Durant, you are not a leader. And then, oh, you guys are just quitting and you guys are not outta shape and you guys don't play defense. I be like, wait a minute, Do You not remember who you were when you played? You are talking as if you are not Charles Barkley. I'm not a role model. Like, what are we doing here? So I always like nitpick at some of the things he says because it doesn't match who he was.


We'll get back to Gilbert Arenas in a second.


Part of my take is brought to by McDonald's, all new Mc Krissy strips, new Mc Krissy strips are here. It's chicken made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with golden brown peppery breading it's chicken. So good. It deserves its own sauce. The creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. It's a sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat, but it works with any of their sauces. These chicken strips are so good. The mc crispy strips are elite. We have 'em in the studio right now, and the entire studio smells incredible. I'm gonna eat some of these right after I'm done with this ad. The new mc crispy strips are one of my favorite things that I've had from McDonald's in a very, very, very long time. Memes brought 'em in for an ad the other day and he tried to walk away with 'em. I said, memes, you leave those right here, I'm gonna finish 'em. They're delicious. And the new sauce. Yeah, it's great. It is one of my favorite sauces too. The creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. Give it a shot today. Tell 'em Pardon My Take. Sent you new Mc Krissy strips with a new creamy chili Mc Krissy strip dip. It's chicken made for dipping and it's only at McDonald's.


Gil Barinas is also brought to you by our great friends over at Mountain Dew Mountains are calling, will you answer the charges? I will. I'm drinking my Mountain Dew right now. I got the Zero Sugar Mountain Dew, the old throwback retro looking logo. It's an awesome logo. This is the best logo in the soft drink biz right now. Grab a dew. It's got the new packaging and enjoy the refreshing citrus kick. Nothing goes better with playoff hockey and off basketball and hanging with your friends. And then the rest, the refreshing citrusy kick of Mountain Dew. It's also the start of golf season. We're drinking Dews when we're out on the course. If you're going on a boat, perfect time to grab a dew. If you're chilling at the beach, at the lake, hanging out in the park baseball season too. Going to a daytime baseball game. Nothing pairs better than grabbing a dog and a Mountain Dew to go along with it. Grab a dew in the new packaging and enjoy that fresh, refreshing citrus kick. And now here's more Gilbert Arenas.


Yeah, yeah. I mean the, the quote, I'm looking at it right now, it looks like it came from Goat Man 23 at Goatman 23. You gotta Source these quotes. So you, I mean, everything that you said was in theory true about Charles Barkley. It was just Goatman 23 started the conversation. Yeah. He started the war There. Ah, they got me. You know what I mean? It, but, but because this, Charles, I can't take you back. Yeah. Right. Yeah, yeah. That's one of those situations where you got got, but you're also like, it totally could be true. Yeah. Look, this, this is my thing. I'm, I'm a LeBron fan, but I'm a LeBron fan because of the greatness that I see. Like, like I, Mike, Michael Jordan, LeBron James, Kobe Bryant magic bur I love just pure greatness.


It intrigues me, right? So when I see I, I've, I was in a league when LeBron came, I know what they said. I see what they said when they turned on him. I've had to do scouting reports in the playoffs against this kid when he was a kid watching him. Now I'm like, yeah, he is. That dude has been that dude from the beginning listening to the narratives that's been said about a guy who, if I said, all right name one year, one full year, he disappointed you as a fan. You're not gonna be able to name one full year. You can name a a, a series a couple games here and there.


But when you're talking about did he give you your money's worth, you have to say yes for 22 years. When you sit here, compare his 20 20th year, 21st year, 22nd year to a young Kobe's career, or Michael Jordan in this prime. It's like, wait a minute. You didn't even, you didn't even put Michael Jordan Wizard years to Michael Jordan Bulls years. You, you just let the wizard Michael Jordan just run around the league. Yeah. Smoking cigars, drinking before games, having fun. That's what 40-year-old men did.


Right. We were just happy to see a junk Jordan out there running around giving people 20. That is That, that's, It was amazing. That's a valid point. 'cause Michael Jordan's wizards years, it was, it was like a side show. We knew at the time, this doesn't really count. This isn't really Michael Jordan. If LeBron did the shit that, that Jordan did later on in his career, we would be making fun. We, we wouldn't be glazing like you are today. Yeah. Bozos A glaze. Is that what you called yourself? Oh, I'm a I'm a glazier. Oh, now you know, I'm a Laker Glaser and now I'm, I'm I'm a Luca Glaser. Oh, You are? Do you think he's outta shape? No. What, what, what What? 33 9 9. Okay. But he, but do you think he's outta shape?


I'm not saying that Luca's not incredible. I'm saying Luca could be in better shape, In better shape. Yes. But the notion of saying, okay, let's just try this way. Let's say you guarded him and he gave you 71. Are you really going to just use the phrase he's outta shape and he just gave you 71? No, he's gonna be in the best shape of his life. If he put those type of type of numbers on you, when you're saying someone's outta shape and then you look at 37 and seven, it kind of makes the people who are in shape not look too good. Like if you're Anthony Edwards and you are in shape, and then the Fatman over here led the series in scoring and assist.


Yeah. They don't know if I'm sitting here at the podium like, yeah, Okay. Okay. But counterpoint. I think Luca is, I love watching Luca play basketball. I think he's a top five player. He's so much fun. He's so skilled offensively. Do you not think that there's like, Hey man, you're 26, you could probably get into the best shape of your life and take it to that next level where it's like you are truly unstoppable now. Yeah. He's in. Okay. Him Yoic, right? I don't even remember Carmelo. He is in Lucas shape. Right? Right. He's in the shape that he knows that he's in. That's just like a lot of NBA players, right?


You think what you are doing is Yeah, I'm in shape until you go to a team where someone does something more than you. Right? So in Dallas, what he did is all he knows, right? You, you, there's never been, I've never seen anybody on that team that I said, okay, that's a different condition guy. Right? If, if he played with a Rip Hamilton, if he played with a Westbrook, now he's with a LeBron, right? With a, a Steve Nash, guys who do that extra cardio, who really actually get to that top tier level of in shape. He's never played with that guy to even know what that looks like.


Right. And sometimes we, we can go our whole career and don't know there's these extra levels. Unless you're in a locker room with Kobe, you don't know there's an extra level to working out. Right? Yeah. Did you ever have a guy in one of your locker rooms where you're like, oh, shit. Like, I know I'm the best player on the team, but he what he's doing. Oh, you were that guy for everyone else? I was that guy. Okay. And I, I didn't come in as that guy. Right. You know, we have practice at 11 o'clock. Our team as a unit got there, you know, 10 45. We had some players that got there at 1145. Right. They, they had to golf first.


Right. So they had to play their golf and then come to practice. So I, that's what I was, you know, looking at. And then, you know, Chris Mullin basically taught me how to work out, added that with Mark Jackson. Then when I started hearing Kobe's stories of Kobe, when Luke Walton got there and he said, yo, if you think you out k three times a day, diss hase dos on game day. He's there at three o'clock. I'm like, bullshit, he's not there at three o'clock. And I said, when we come to LA I'm gonna go to the, the, the Staples Center and I'm gonna be there at three o'clock to see if he's there. Three o'clock. He was there. And what I seen was incredible.


He was doing elbow shots. 500 makes the intensity of it was insane. Right? Like he's doing a pump fake shot. The, the trainer had to be like, he had to jump and foul him and give him the contact full, full playoff game, seven mode before the game. And when I seen it with my own eyes, it clicked in. And that's why my game really improved because I witnessed something that I didn't see the first part of my, my first year in the NBA.


Yeah. And now I see like what the next level look like. And I, every trip we went to la I was at the gym at three o'clock to watch Kobe. Yeah. I also think the, the Lakers yellow doesn't really flatter Luca as much. Not a great on color. It looks like a big poncho. I think it'd actually be funnier if, if he got fatter, if Luca got like real fat and he could still, he could still, you know, give you 30 on offense. That would be awesome. Watching, like, escalate out there. Yeah. Just bury shots in your face. Like I, I think it's this fine balance. The same thing with Yoic. The weight helps them in their style of play.


Right. They need their body with the contact. Right. They're very great reactors and sometimes they need to carry a little bit more weight. Right. To do a lot of things that they do hold people off. I looked at Lucas' rookie year, you know that that's gonna be, you know what I mean? That's gonna be the skinniest version of him. And I'm like, yeah, we can use this one. Yeah. Yeah. This, this, this extra burst Luca that can actually dunk and he's a lot faster. That is the Luca we need. So, you know, if he's sitting at about, I can gauge it. He's all of six. Have you seen him in person? I, I, Well, I've seen him in person in the fact that I've watched him like lie, but I've never like, been in the same room as him.


Yeah. Like, he's all of about six, nine and a half. Right. He, he's a big human being. And he's probably sitting at about two 60. If Luca can get down to about 2 30, 2 25, I I, I really believe he's gonna be MVP next Year. Yeah, I'd agree. By the way you have. So we're, we love on our podcast, we love dumb ideas. You have dumb ideas too. I saw one of the dumbest ideas that I kind of like, but I want you to explain it even more. You had the idea of make it, take it in the playoffs that you start the series and if the home team wins, they just keep getting home court advantage as long as they keep winning.


Why, why, why, why this idea? Like, it, it does seem the best ideas are the ones that like, you're knee jerk reaction is, that's stupid. And then you think about it more and you're like, oh shit, that would be kind of fun. So how did you come up with this idea? Like I, I'm, I'm thinking about like, when you're talking about two games here, two games at 1, 1, 1, you know, you're just, you know, looking at the back and forth and it's like, like if we were playing just one-on-one and that's what a series is as one verse one, why am I giving you the ball? Like, you, you have to earn this. Right. So I am not giving up home court advantage until you beat me. Yeah. Right. Like, you take it from me and then we can go down to your hometown And we gotta take it back from you.


But you know, obviously this is a business and it has to be, you know, we gotta go to your building so your fan base can, can win some, you know, some I guess so you can pay your bills in a sense, right? Yeah. Right. Alright. Yeah. If it just comes straight to hoops, I wanna go to your hometown road. Yeah. I I mean I do, I would be intriguing. 'cause like if you win game one on the road, it's like, all right, we're going back home right away. We're Going back. Yes. That's pretty sick. How do you, what do you think about, I have a dumb idea. I actually pitched this to Adam Silver. I don't know if he's gonna take it, but I have a a dumb idea that every player should get one fight a fan a year where you can call out a fan and then they fight it in the middle of the court. And like, there's no laws.


Like if you beat the fuck out of the fan, you don't get arrested or anything that would stop fans from mouthing off all the time. No. It'll stop those fans from mouthing out. Then you're gonna have them MMA guys. Yeah. Off You get to decide. You get like, you see a cauliflower here, you're not calling 'em out. Yeah, exactly. Now I, I, I kind of like the idea, but like, I see someone like a Westbrook really using it really early. Yeah. I think would be probably mad that he didn't save it for that one fan. You could Use it in trades though. Like, you could be like, Hey, we're trading, we want to trade for Westbrook, but you also have to trade us a fight a fan.


So he gets an extra one. It's like an asset. Yeah. Like a, like a draft pick. Yeah. Listen, we're thinking about Simon Dre. So we're gonna need, we're gonna need a couple more fighter fans This season. We're, we're gonna need all your entire team's phy fan if we're gonna get Dre Mon Now with, with the fan, there's Only, there's only a few guys that I can see really using it. Isaiah Stewart. Yeah. Pretty sure he will use his Draymond. Would you? Draymond? Yeah, I Draymond would use his in like the first quarter of the first game. I don't Think I, when you watch Draymond's antics, it's in real time. Yeah. Right. It's like, it's like these real times, like he gets hit in the elbow and then now he wants to over fling.


Right. I don't see how a fan gets under his skin. He, he doesn't get easily moved by fans. So it's That's true. Mostly just Westbrook at this point. Yeah, maybe Dylan Brooks. Yeah. He might mix it up, you know, Probably it'll just be some random quiet guy that we don't know of. And he's just sitting there, he's done had enough and he just points you Yeah, me, me in the middle and you're like, oh, shh. Yeah, I wasn't, I wasn't like ready to fight. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I wanted to go back real quick to the, the Thunder and the Nugget series. So it's one, one, they're going back to Denver. Is Denver like, they, they get home. Are they happy with how things went in Oklahoma City?


Because at the end of the day, they, they flipped home court. They, you know, they, they got the first game, but then they just got their ass kicked the second game. So how do you think that team's feeling right now? Are they confident? Yeah. Listen, listen, There's, I personally don't think they're confident because even game one you was getting, you was getting built to ass. Right. You end up coming back. But you, you, it, it wasn't, it, it was a comeback, but it wasn't really, you didn't play very well. Right. It looked like you was getting manhandled, you was bad body language from Yage in the fourth quarter and then they end up making a comeback here. You just got the doors blown off.


I don't, I don't know what you take from game two nor one that actually helps you in game three. Yeah, right. It's same thing with New York. Like New York, you are getting beat down the first like you're down 20 and just sheer just sheer willingness gave you those. So you have, you have something that you can say, Hey, I don't give a fuck what, they're up, we got this going into the garden, which is gonna be bananas. Right. I don't see how Denver goes home and they're like, yeah, don't worry. That was just, we stole one guy. Let's just defend our home court. I don't see what speech that men and black can, can really give.


Yeah. You your, your college career at Arizona. I have a question about Arizona basketball in general. How are they not good every single year? Because it feels like the greatest place to go to school as a basketball player. Yes. I mean, you know, the weather, the women, You're right. That's it. The, the, the, the at the, the atmosphere, the fan base. It's, it's one of those things where, you know, when you're talking about just West Coast basketball, like we, when you're talking about like the style of play Arizona is obviously is is West. So, you know, you still are competing with the legacy of UCLA, right?


You probably get second fiddle, but you're still in Arizona. And then, you know, from there it's, you know, those guys try to stay close to home as much as possible. So, you know, getting the LA kid outta la literally UCLA and USC aren't recruiting them, then they'll look outward. So for the most part, you know, you know, after Luke Pass, those West Coast kids kind of stopped coming. So it seems like they're getting back to what they used to be. Yeah. You know, you know, they recruited, you know, my son very hard. He just wanted to stay home. Yeah. You know, muscle Men, muscle Men who coached me called him every single day.


Right. Call, I didn't even know he was, they was talking two, three in the morning, you know, about basketball, about work at Out. Right. So, you know, you know, muscle Men had a hand up on everybody because he actually called him every day. Right. Knowing that, you know, that he's gonna reclass, I don't even, I don't think everybody realized he was going to Reclass and be a senior. So most of the guys didn't really recruit him like that. And Muscle Man was there from the beginning. If your son goes on to play in the NBA or what are you gonna tell him about playing cards on the plane? I, I told him, listen, if you, if, well, you know, I was, I I was, I was great at cards, You know, it does sound fun.


Every time I hear about it I'm like, what's better than that? You and your boys playing cards on a plane, like no one wants to be on a plane, pass the time with pool, little gambling. Yeah. You know, I don't be an antagonizer realize that lose money is more important than how much they're losing. Right. You know, it just, the idea of losing money is, you know, it was more of the problem than $1,100. Right. To this day, I don't even know how much he was down to be that mad. Right. Some people say, oh yeah, we want, I want about four grand in to, it was like four to six grand is how much he was down.


And for that team, that's like losing 300,000 because they only played for 20 a hand. Right? Yeah. Right. When you're talking about, like, I was with LeBron and Richie, them, well LeBron wasn't playing, but Richie and Mav Nim and Larry Hughes, we was playing 500 a hand. And I am, I'm on a big contract and I'm still like, whew. Right. Yeah. I was hearing, you know, games that they were playing a thousand dollars a hand. So that means, you know, everybody puts up, there's four players. The game already started 4,000, you get 1, 2, 2, 1 in the boo. You're talking about you got boo for 4,000, now it's 8,000 in the pot. Now you got three people who have the anti back up. Right.


You're looking at 11 grand and you just started the game. Right? Yeah. That's not the type of motion I wanted. So I will tell him, listen, win money like a real winner. Don't brag. Yeah. Don't, don't beat me. And if you do hold a taser. Right. Ta the fuck, Did you hear from anybody else in the league that like a, after the incident went down, they were like, Hey man, now they're telling us we can't play cards on games. What the fuck? Why'd you do that? Nah, no one, no one cared. No One cared. No one. Because because I feel like at the time you might have thought this whole thing was gonna blow over.


Yeah, no. So yeah, it, it happened on the 21st. We, we left Phoenix. So it was our Phoenix West Coast trip. Flying back happened on the, the 21st I think. And then the story didn't leak until I think New Year's. Right. So it was like, well, you know, because it, it to be, to be honest, the shit we did in locker rooms, right. It's, it's basically having jackass inside of a building and only you guys get to critique each other. Right. So there's been paintball, shootouts in, you know, locker rooms. Right. Bb you know, shootouts like, you know, Nick Young tells a story that I shot him in the back with a BB gun in the middle of a gun awareness meeting by the NBA.


Right. You know, they just came from my, they just came to my house while I was asleep. And you know, him and Andre Blotch, they paint balled me in my bed right. The night before. So they decided that they were gonna protect themselves with BB guns 'cause I was gonna, so I froze my paintballs and I was gonna be shooting frozen paintballs at them. And then I went in the locker, seen the BB gun and I was offended, you're bringing BB guns to the locker room to have a, so I went in the locker room. I mean, I went into the meeting, they're in the middle of a meeting. I went to his back and pulled it p and he is screaming Bebe stuck in his skin. And I was like, oh, so where were we at?


And then just, you know, put the gun down and just, I mean it was a, it was a very funny gun awareness. It was a very funny team. When you look at who was on there, you got, you obviously Nick Young and JaVale McGee Blotch, Andre Blotch, All those guys. Deshaun Stevenson. And then we had the, like the, those championship minds. We had the Koran Butlers, the Antoine Jamesons, the Brennan Hay Woods, the Eton Thomas two Serious for my blood. Right. Right. We had, we had, I I call it the Jacqueline Hyde type of locker room. You had goofballs and really serious.


Yeah. Did the team ever, like, was the coach ever like how do I, how do I get control of these guys? Like a substitute teacher? Like I can't control the class right now In the locker room. He didn't come in the locker room, but in practice, you know, we were serious. I had a, I didn't realize it until when someone asked me, it was like, why would, why did you do the things you did in locker rooms? Right. I thought you was this serious guy. I thought you worked out. I thought when you got to the gym you did this. And I was like, what the fuck are you talking about? I did. And then it was like, he is the, all right. So explain to me your routine. And then I was like, okay, I got to the gym about five, six o'clock. You know, I took my four or 500 shots lifted Sauna.


Right. Took a nap and then, you know, 10 30. And then I was like, because I be in a gym by myself so much. Right. I'm in a gym at 11:00 PM to one, then I get back in majority of my working out, I'm by myself. The only time I seen those guys was during games. Couldn't do that in a game day, but in practice. So 10, 15, 10 30, when everyone's there, it's like pe for me. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't have the concept of these guys are getting ready for practice.


I've already done my shit. What's up? Let's have fun. That was my problem. And I didn't notice that then that when these guys came in, it was recess. Right. For me personally. So I just wanted to just have fun before we had the practice. Yeah. I mean, that makes sense. It also sounds like you'd be our, our setup here. We have a full court And we have everyone coming around And we do basically jackass shit. So I think you need to come take a visit to our headquarters. Hey, hey, hey, y'all got a job? You, you got a job? Listen, you sound like you have Be a lot of fun here. These motherfuckers in a minute for some basketball and free time. Yeah. It's recess here all the time.


I, I got one more question about the, about the gun incident because I don't, I don't think the documentary brought this up, but after it happens and before the story leaks, before the guy from the New York Post starts making phone calls about it. Did, had you guys squashed it already? Were you, were you and Javas? Like, were you cool? Yeah. Okay. So look, even like if you listened to like JI think it was Andre Block, Andre Blotch and Nick Young, you know, once his gun came out like, oh shit, this is serious. It was, it was, it was done after that. Like, you know what I mean? It was pretty calm after that because I know my four gun didn't have nothing in him. So I knew I was safe. He had something I didn't know that was part of this little game I was playing.


So, you know, it was diffused right then. And then we both went into jacuzzi. 'cause that's what we did before practice. We both went into jacuzzi and then we was having our conversation and I'm like, yo, why are you so serious? And then he was like, man, you, you just take too much shit too. Like, he's mad at me 'cause I'm joking too much. I'm mad at him. Like, no, you are arguing over 11 fucking hundred dollars. And he's mad at me because this is what actually happened. It was a 2, 2, 1. He had his, he got booed. So he had to re-up the pot. Yeah. So if nobody wins the, the, the money and it goes 2, 2, 1. That means there's two ties. Everybody has to re-up if you don't get no books.


So like, if you know how to play spades, imagine if you don't get a hand Right. You didn't win a hand, you have to match was ever in the pot. So I guess it was like his second time matching the pot. Earl went out. J Jave didn't take any cars. So most likely he had all Trump four, Trump three high Trump. And from what Earl was, woo. Nevermind. That means he had Ace king and queen meaning he was gonna win the money and possibly booted both of us. Javaris needed a five. So that means he didn't have no Trump. So I'm already laughing. I had three Trump I said and showed my hands like, yeah, I'm not gonna be a part of this fight and threw my cars in.


That kind of, that was the, the thing that he was mad at that I didn't help him in this fight. I didn't help try to make it 2, 2, 1. Right. Yeah. You left about Yeah, to dry. Yeah, I Left them to dry and that was like, yo, you're my guy. See there's these things in the NBA where your personal relationship needs to overweigh the game rules itself. Right. So if me and you are best friends and there's $8,000 in the pot and you have a king and I have a ace and I hold my ace to the end to I'm gonna give you the money, but I'm gonna boo you so that $8,000 can get back in there.


Yeah. Right. It makes sense, right? Yeah. If I did that, you, you are taking that very personal because we have a relationship And we don't supposed to do that to each other. And I'm like, shit, I want the $8,000 back in the game, so I'm gonna, I can't win this 8,000, but you gotta put it back in. I'm gonna boo you. Yeah. That was more of it that I didn't help him fight for the money or fucking get booed with him. Yeah. And I'm like, yo, you did the crime, you do the time was my thing. Yeah, Yeah. It makes sense. I also like the idea of you guys squashing it in, in the jacuzzi afterwards. Like, you know, the other guy doesn't have a gun at that point. Like, Like we, like, I'm gonna just be honest, man, you know, after it happened, we was fine.


The, the only wedge we really have, we had was kind of like during it, it was like during, you know, during the trial and stuff, it's like, yeah, wait a minute. Like I heard what your lawyer said. Do you believe the lie that y'all are telling? Or is this, we still playing? 'cause you already got off. You, you, you, you, you, you got what's the name? So you don't need to make this kind of statement. The fact that you already got basically a, a slap on the wrist in a sense of, you know, what happened here because you know, technically the story's opposite. Yeah. I never touched a gun, never held a gun. No one seen me with a gun. I just said, yo, those are mine.


I did that shit. Right. I was just standing on business. Right. So the fact that you pulled yours out, the gun was pulled on me technically. Right. Yeah. Right, Right. So the fact that, you know, everyone thinks I pulled it on you, I'm willing, I'm willing to let that narrative run because I know if we go to court, I, the real story can be told. Yeah. So that was kind of the only riff after that. It was more, this is my little brother man and I'm gonna, you know, hang with him. So, you know, I used to, you know, text with him in jail, send him phones, like, you know, we was, we was, we was, you know, behind the scenes talking, you know, trying to keep 'em from, you know, going into that dark place, talk about basketball, you know, so from, you know, 10 years it was more of the, Hey man, how good is boom, boom, boom.


Like we was always in the talks. Yeah. Alright, I got one last question. This has been so much fun, Gil. We appreciate you coming on. You have great, you know, this obviously this untold story on Netflix, but everyone should go also listen to Gil's Arena, your podcast, which is awesome.


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code. Take last question.


You gave Lamar Odom his payment for big three while he was having sex? Yeah. Can you tell me? I don't understand that. Oh, okay. So since I was the captain, right. I got the checks, handed them out. Oh no. Everyone got their own check, but Lamar wasn't there yet. Right. So, you know, I get word we're in Charlotte, so I don't know if he drove there. I don't know what happened, but I had his check. So I was like, yo, when you get to town, I got your check. Just hit me up. So I get a, a text. It was like, yo, I'm at the hotel you around.


I was like, yeah, I'm in my room. He was like, yeah, can you bring my check bet. All right. So I was like, yo, what room you in gave me the room number. I go knock on the door. Right. He literally like, it wasn't, you know, like creek the door open. I gotta hand it to him because this is the first time I meet Lamar. Yeah. This is the first time I meet him. He swings the door open, come on in what? Naked? Like, oh man. But before I like looked away, I see bent over nice rack, I mean nice back. So I Had to like look back, Like, And then he just goes, she's bent over the bed and he just starts going in and I'm like, And He was like, yeah, yeah, just put the, just put it right there.


How quickly did you get out of the room? Right? I, I didn't, I didn't move that fast. I mean, I had my eyes. It was, there wasn't eyes. I've never, like, I've been around some wild dudes. Never. That's Crazy. Never seen, never seen that like that. Like, I'm like, Lamar's wild. That's So funny. It, it, It even got what? So, so I heard the story of game one, which I'm like, okay, that makes sense. Game one. They said after game one, I wasn't there. Right. I had, I had court after game one. They said he has his phone, he's in the shower watching porn.


Like he said, they said, yo, he's watching like it's a Netflix series. He just sitting there just Yeah man, hey, how y'all think I did today? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then they're, Rick Horran is talking to him and he is just sitting there like, Hey, so do we still get paid? Yeah. No matter how we did. Oh, that's gravy. That's great. And he's just watching a full blown horn. Like it was regular tv. Oh. So when I heard the story, like, I'm like, nah, he can't be that wild until that that, that right there. Yeah. That he Confirmed he, he's watched every porn on the internet. Yeah. He made that claim in like 2015. He, he'd seen every single porn. Yeah. He's a historian. I I I will say I, I would believe it if you just finished playing a basketball game Yeah.


And you're in the shower and the first thing that you are watching is porn. Yeah. That says That's fair. He had to catch up on the new episodes. Yeah. He can't get behind. Yeah. Alright, well Gil, thank you so much. We'll Definitely, definitely have you back on, man. This was so much fun And we really appreciate your time. I Appreciate it. Appreciate it. Thank you for having me.


Fire Fest of the Week is gonna be brought to you by Morgan and Morgan. We know that life comes at you fast. Hanging on to a 20 point lead is difficult, but calling Morgan and Morgan is easy. When you find yourself in the middle of your very own fire fest, you just might need America's largest injury law firm in your corner. Morgan and Morgan has been fighting for the people and helping with your Fire fest for over 35 years. With Morgan and Morgan. It's easy to get started and their fee is free unless they win. You can check them out@forthepeople.com slash pmt. That's FOR the people.com/pmt. Okay, Let's wrap up. We got Fire Fest of the Week. Let's start with Max.


Max. Hey guys, how we doing? Hey, Doing Good Max. I I thought we'd surprise you. Surprise Hank. He's not so happy to hear your voice. Is this later tonight or is this Yeah, Hank's always happy to hear my voice. Is this in real time? I'm happy to see him. Yeah. What, what? So how, how you doing Max? Do you have a Fire Fest this week? Yeah, I do have a fire fest. My fire Fest of the week is time zones. Yes. Yeah. I, you know, I'm in Hawaii right now. I think it's about a six hour, maybe seven hour difference. I still don't know. I can't figure out the time zones out here and I keep looking forward to watching Nick Celtics every night or every night that they play and somehow I just keep missing the games. Oh yeah.


Do you guys have any updates that you could gimme of like, what's going on with This Series? Yeah, I was thinking about you Max because you must be so far behind in Hawaii that it's still like early in the second halves there. So right now you're thinking that the Celtics are winning. Yeah. Up 20. Turns out they lost both games. No, they didn't. I, I'm pretty sure I saw that they were up 20 in both of those games. Yeah, They were. Well I heck, this Bid is so bad that even Jerry O'Connell said it's, it's tough. Just, Just for the record, you're gonna hear that tomorrow, but Damn. Okay, alright. No, I get it. I get it. Hank you're upset. I guess I'm, I'm not, that wasn't me saying that. That was Jerry O'Connell saying that by 20, I guess, I guess that a super embarrassing that Jason Tatum has now taken the crown of the worst playoff performer in the Eastern Conference.


Ooh. From Who? From who? Joelle M Bead For a long Time was known as the worst Eastern Conference Superstar to play in the playoffs. And Jason Tatum simply has worst playoff stats than Joelle Embiid. And that's a fact. I mean, max, this is one Step that matters most. Pretty Glissy is this, you wanna go look at him? Oh, Go look at the one that matters. The team go at Stat matters most. All Right, give us a sec. Is this the take that you were marinating on? Oh yeah. Jason Tatum is just as bad of a playup performer as Joel need. This Is So pathetic. Max Back it up. Alright. He just pulled the second computer. Max has two computers out.


That Is correct. Go ahead Max. Jason Tatum has 24 points per game. That's not Bad. On 43% shooting Not terrible. 43% shooting is bad. Significantly worse than Joel and Bead. He has eight assists and This Isn't eight rebounds. Okay. Okay. 24. Eight. Eight. I'll sign up for that all day. This guy sucks saying 5, 6, 8 rebounds. 24 8. Five five rebounds. Five and eight Joel and B. 25 points per game on 46% shooting 11. 11 rebounds.


Four assist two blocks. I have a question for Max. Hank. PFT. Yeah, max. This is a PFT commenter from Pardon My Take. Which one of those two players has missed more playoff games? What does that mean? Oh, Hank. Yeah, Hank, Good question. Do you want to rephrase it? Dumb it down for you. Okay, So I have an answer then I have a follow up question. Okay. Hank, Same question. The answer is totally Those Are just numbers. Those are numbers. You're is, you're doing Numbers right now. Is there any numbers about head-to-head stats? There's number. That's a team. That's a team Stat. Got it. That's A team stat. Now this is, that's A team stat. We're looking at individual. The individual player. What About in elimination games? What about in elimination games?


Time and time again not showing up in the Playoffs. What about an elimination? Elimination games Back it up. What about in elimination games Max? 'cause that's what you need to show up the most. Yeah, that That actually, yeah. Jason Tatum had one good elimination game, which e is even crazier. Just one than his overall stats are that bad with a 50 point game. Mm. Okay, so Multiple games. What about Eastern Conference? Final stats head to head, like when it matters the most, you know, to get to the finals, which, what is that? Which guy has better numbers? But all playoff. Are you saying that all playoff games don't matter? No, I'm saying that Eastern Conference finals matter more than the first round. All playoff games don't matter. What about they all matter the same because to get to the Eastern conference finals, you gotta play well in the early games. What about you? You're terrible at What about what about, what about you came On the show For this?


Yeah. What about the fact that Joel Enid's a loser? What about the fact that Jason Tatum would also be a loser if he wasn't playing for the Celtics? No, that's a good point Jason. Sometimes organizations Jason Tatum would be a loser if he wasn't a champion. That's True. Max. He Played horribly in that championship and was carried by the rest of his team. I hate that you're making us defend Hank and Jason Tatum right now. Well Here's what's happened. Here's what's happened. This I am simply just reading the facts and that they have the exact same numbers. This is what's happened. Hank, Hank Went numbers for numbers with the Thunder and the Celtics going into this series. All I'm doing is doing the same thing of numbers for numbers between Joe L and Bead and Jason Tatum in the playoffs. He, here's what's happened.


Number for Numbers. That's what he, that's what he kept saying. What's the games played number? Look, what do the numbers say? I'm, I'm just curious. I'm asking what, how many games has Tatum played versus Embi? He's looking it up. Very good question. His second computer, this is unfortunate because this is unfortunately Max, he is having a great time in Hawaii. He's sitting on the beach. Oh yeah, I would he doing his, he never come on the show from Hawaii, but I'll say that. Right. We know that. But here's the problem, max, this sounds like a take. You said you texted us last night. You said I got a take, I'm marinating on and this is one of those takes. I I wanted a couple days to marinate on this take to be fair. Yeah, I was, I thought I had to, I had to bring it out.


Yeah. So this is unfortunately one of those takes you've been marinating on, but usually when you marinate on a take, you'll at least do a trial balloon to me and PFT and we'll be like, Hey Max, this is probably the dumbest thing you could say and it really is gonna make you look stupid. And then you won't say the take, unfortunately we're not around and this isn't going well. Why? You haven't given me any response other than I other than that he's played more games. You The, the the he have a big number. The fact of the matter is that Jason Tatum just won an NBA title last year and what He played badly in that finals. Jason Tatu was not the final Listen, I'm not saying Actually didn't play that. I'm not saying that Jason Tatum has had Like then Joel and Pete hasn't played that badly either.


They have the same numbers. It's, this is a tough, tough, tough argument Max. Why? Why Jason Tatum literally won a championship last year. Yeah, he's got, they're also gonna win the series. That's where it's like you, you're Won a championship last year. Year. Okay. The Boston Celtics won a championship last year. Jason Tatum is a part of the Boston Celtics, but he is not the entire team. Max. This take would be perfect if you, if you let it marinate for a little bit longer, let it soak a couple more overnights and, and if, if the Celtics gets swept by the Knicks, then you could come over top with some of these stats and then you could be like, it's a what have you done for me lately? Lead? Yeah. This is a take Be. It would if the series was over, maybe. Yeah. This is a series overtake. If The series is not over, you know what it is.


To be fair, I did say I wanted to marinate over a couple days and then I was asked to and then I was asked to bring the take today. Max gets a, max gets A no. You said you brought up to take yourself. You wanna come on? He said yes. What would two days of said No, I'm on vacation. Nope. Alright, So Max gets a, a Villanova Pope and all of a sudden he thinks that he's infallible too. Feeling yourself Max. The Numbers are the numbers. That's all. All I wanted to do was bring up numbers. Alright. Do you have a fire fest? Yeah. Time zones I Think. Oh yeah. Time zones. Good point. How all the game, how has Hawaii been? And just walk. You have to walk. Hawaii's actually. Incredible. Let's, let's get a view from my room over here Breaking.


Let's Get a, let's get a room view. Hank's So salty. I love it. Oh, that's a pretty, pretty nice view Max. Yeah, it is. Good. There's, There's some turtles that go down in that little corner right there. I don't know if you can see my finger. There's some turtles every morning I come out and I just go out and look at the turtles for a little bit. Mr. Pears, all of his grand grandfathers and ancestors, They're all just hanging, They're just hanging out. Vibes are high people. Oh, I actually, people are just coming up. I wouldn't have even known about Celtics, Nixon unless the people that were in this resort were just so excited to tell me that the Celtics just keep blowing leads.


Yeah. You said you texted us last night that you stopped watching the game when they were up 20 and then someone came up to you at the pool and was like, Hey, did you see that? Yeah, I know. I, it, it was, I actually didn't believe it. I thought someone was looking at a, a box score from the game before. Yeah. I like, there's no way that this actually happened twice. It's been pretty crazy. Max. They just keep shooting threes and they keep missing. Oh man, I, I I don't understand. I don't understand what's happening. Wait, didn't Hank say that they were only gonna lose What, what was the number? Two and a half before the Finals? Two and a half lost that. I lost that. Oh shit. That's an over right. Cash It. Yeah, that's cashing over. You can cash that over and we're not even halfway there yet.


Okay. No. Hank also said though that if they went down oh two in the series, he wouldn't be worried. So he is not worried. But then he was a little bit worried, but then he is not worried again. Counterpoint. He did tweet a after that game that he was worried. Mm, Yeah. No, I updated it. Yeah. Update has been worried. All right. Well we miss you Max. I don't, are you gonna get us some, some gifts? I already got most of them. Oh, I already have some for everyone. But I'm, I'm getting, I'm, I'm coming back with, with extras. Did you Gimme a titty mug? Did you get memes of titty mug To be determined. Okay. What about like, don't, don't spoil the gifts, but is there a chance I'm getting another Pope Bobblehead To be determined.


Okay. All Right. All right. So those are both nos. Yeah. No, but Pope, No, the pope put your Vs up. No pope, No Vatican, no Pope, No one knows how good what this means for recruiting. You literally don't know. It's never been done before. That's true. That's true. That's, that's very true. Alright Max, we miss you. We'll see you Sunday night. Yes, for sure. I'll be there Sunday night. Jason, I'm Joel mbi. Same playoff performers. Okay. Same. Alright. Exact Same. Thanks Max. See you. Exact same. Alright, that was our good friend Max. He's gonna be back on Sunday. Hank, how did you think that went for him? Bad. Yeah. Does that put a smile on your face? Yeah. That actually, that actually had the reverse effect where it's like Max came on here, thought he had, you know, discovered the nuclear atom and it was just like, but Tatum want a title.


I mean, It's good. Like, as his boss, it's, it's a good thing to file for like the, the end of year reviews. Like, get better at vacations. 'cause that's just horrible performance. He is bad at vacations. Yeah, I Agree. Yeah, he seems like he's having fun. He's a quantity over quality. He's kind of like the Celtics takes a lot of shots at him. Misses. Yeah. Hey, do you have a firefighter? Yeah, I do. When I was flying to Arizona, you, you guys know I fall asleep on planes. I also have had a history of getting a little woozy on flights. And this one was, this one was bad. I, I fell asleep on the way there and, and I kind of came to, as we were, you know, the, the pilot comes on, it's like we're starting in the descent and there was some turbulence and as I was waking up I was like sweating.


Like I, I felt nauseous and I couldn't get up. And so I had to hit the thing a bunch and ask, you know, there was no barf bag in my seat. Okay. And so by the time the flight attendant came over, she handed me a bag, but it was like 50%. Like I legitimately projectile What Into this bag? It was like all liquid. Like it was just all, all the You puked on a flight? Yeah. And you only, you only got half of it in. I, Yeah. And like, I had my sweatshirt Off Hank And a, a ton got on my sweatshirt and the guy next to me, I was like, this guy must think I'm an absolute creature. Did you Hit that guy?


He was, there was a, there was a seat in between us, so he didn't get anything on him, but it was, it's just a disgusting, it's a terrible spot to be in. You feel like a mutant and there's nothing you can really do or say other than, sorry. Yeah. And I had just woke. I was, I was super discombobulated and I felt gross and it was gross and it was gross. That was my fire fest. Oh, Hey, That's pretty bad. That's really Dizzy Bad. Did you say I'm sorry to the guy? I said I'm sorry to the guy. I said I'm sorry to the flight attendant, the person in front of me. It was, you know, they're all nice. Like, oh, don't worry about it. But it was gross. Oh man. Hank that really gross. That's Crazy. Once time Hank did that next to me on a flight, he had just had a gogurt. Oh. And we took off and yeah, it, it got a little bit on my arm.


It was Like baby Puke. Yeah. It was, it was kind of adorable. I just started patting 'em on the back and said they're there. What happened? I don't know. I, I think I had just gotten, there was just turbulence in my, That's just like, yeah, that's street savage mode. Just puke on a flight. I know. It's, it's it's mutant mode. I feel like People used to do that a lot more frequently. Yeah. 'cause they used to have the barf bags everywhere. Yeah. Now you gotta ask for one. I know. That's how they get you the airline's cutting back. Yeah, it was, it was. But there's nothing, there was nothing I, 'cause I couldn't have gotten up. It was in that Were you first Class? I was Southwest, so I was Oh, okay. I was in the first section. Okay, Nice. Brutal. Hank It's been a bad week.


Really bad week. I blame most of this on Barcelona. Yeah, it's True. You're beloved Barcelona. So when we're recording the, the sound that you heard where Hank got really upset that there were losing and the moaning, groaning, Hank didn't realize that there were two periods in extra time. So Hank got up to leave and they're like, no, Hank, you can come back and watch. There's more soccer. And then you got pumped and Yeah. Nothing really happened. Yeah. I I don't think I can watch soccer ever again. Oh Wow. Great game by enters goalie though. That Was an awesome soccer game. This the kid, I didn't realize that the Barcelona was the best player. Was 17. That kid is unbelievable. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was tough. It's, it's just not in your week? No. We'll try again next week.


Yeah. Okay. PFT Your fire Fest. I had a pretty good week this week, so I can't really complain about too much, but I did have one thing that happened to me earlier today. Mm. I think a lot of people can identify with it. It's a minor thing, but it, it felt bad at the time. I took a dump and while I took a dump, I forgot to bring my phone with me into the bathroom. Mm. It's bad. I don't know if you guys have experienced that recently. Yeah. That sucks. It Is the worst. Yeah. It is the worst. It could ruin your day. Yeah. 'cause you just sit there and you're like, well, what? Now what? I Just sat there and, and, and I thought, yeah. I was alone with my thoughts for about seven minutes. And it's a shocking thing in today's day and age, I was looking for stuff to read.


The dude wipes, ingredients box, Maybe songs to listen to. So, like in my own head. Yeah. No, I wasn't singing along to any songs in my own head. Okay. Nice. But you just, yeah. You're sit there with your own thoughts. I was humming a little bit. I was humming at the time. I forget, I forget the name of it. Yeah. It's tough when you get a song in your Head. When you get a song stuck. Well, you gotta Sing it to get it Outta your head. No, not always. Not sometimes. You just have to hope that it'll get outta there because you don't really, really, really don't want to sing the lyrics to this song. Right. Although, musically, from a, a melody standpoint, it's a good melody, but the lyrics are like the worst lyrics that you could possibly write. Right. Ever. Maybe the worst lyric, maybe the worst things anyone's ever said.


Ever. Yeah. But the melody, The melody can Get stuck in your head. It's hard when it's a catchy tune. Yeah. Yeah. At least the title wasn't something where you're like, yeah, I probably, why even listen to this in the first place. Right. I'd forget the name of the title to this to the track. I'll be honest. Yeah. I, I've forgotten everything about the lyrics to that at that this point. But no, you start to like, think about, can I read the, the shampoo bottle? Can I read, like, is there anything with words on it in the bathroom that I can read to, to just make this go faster? Yeah. But yeah. Yeah. It, it was something that happened to us when we were kids a lot more if there, you didn't have it like a magazine or something in there. Yeah. It Would just be magazines in there and Yeah. And if you're, you're screwed and you don't have a magazine, you're just like, all right, well this fucking sucks.


Yeah. Kids these days don't know the struggle. No, They don't. They don't. I mean, that's, that's Rick Re and Bill Simmons. I feel like that's Yeah. A majority of their fan base is, is purely Sports. Phil Street. Yeah. Taking Shits. Like 90% of Rick Re articles were read to while there was poop coming out easily. Somebody's Butt easily. Do you guys Ever hot supplement? You can give, give an author. You get caught to not taking a dump, but like, if you're bored eating breakfast, you just end up reading the back of the cereal box. Oh yeah. That, that always sucked. That was always, that always felt bad. The funniest was the part of this complete breakfast and it was like 10 items in the complete breakfast. Yeah. Like three glasses of orange juice. Then you had the cereal with the milk, then you had like a brand muffin on the side.


Then you had yogurt. It was like, yeah, if you eat all this shit together, it's a full breakfast for you. Yeah. I got, I bought Lucky Charms for myself on Tuesday. 24 hours. That's pretty impressive. Yeah. That's pretty good. Full Box of cereal Is a great, great crop. I just, I crush crushed it. It was, it was a two, it was a night in the morning. I finished my honey nuts this morning. Oh, honey Nut Cheerios. The goat breakfast Cereal. Right. I got them. I got them on deck all the time. I got a backup. I figured out a way to make them even a little bit better. What do you got? So I got, I'm a dessert cereal guy. Yeah. I like the Rice Krispies treat squares. No. It's like, no, you're saying Actually after dinner you eat cereal. Yes. Yes. Yeah. It's great. Yeah. It's dessert soup.


Yeah. So I, I got a froth there a few months ago and I've been frothing everything. Okay. Which it's, it's kind of addictive. I just take stuff outta my fridge and I'm like, will this froth? And I try to froth it. Most things do froth. I froth my cereal milk the other day. Ooh. It was delightful. It was like a little, little moose cereal. That Is nice. Yeah, it was great. That is nice. I've been doing, trying to get healthier. Well this leads into my fire fest. I've been, you know, we're reassessing after the kidney stones doing what The lucky Johns is after this reassessment. It's part Of the complete B thing. Yes. The time, the timeline gets a little blurry. Got it. The timeline gets a little blurry, but I have been eating Cheerios and bananas.


That's good. Yeah. But yeah, sugar. No sugar. Okay. That's good. Honey. Nuts are are standard. Standard. Yeah. I feel like that's the pinnacle of health is being like, I'm just gonna eat these standard yellow box Cheerios. It's raw dogging Cheerios. Yeah. That's, you can't get healthier than that. I'm sure. I'm probably already back. I am though. Did have a, the reassessment of the health is ongoing. Wednesday though. I went with Eddie to do a video. We went to the Vietnam beef factory, hotdog factory. And I ate like 10 hot dogs, great people. Awesome time. But that was, that's for work.


I basically just like remade a new kidney stone. Yeah. I mean, what goes into hot dogs? Probably all healthy stuff. Right. Listen, I, I told Eddie when, and the video will come out. I told Eddie, when we go into this factory, if I see something I don't like, I'm leaving. 'cause I don't want to have, I love hot dogs. I don't want 'em. Ruined for me was totally fine. That's true. Everything was, everything looked good. Gotta see how the sausage gets made. But yeah, I, that was a, that was a problem for me that I ate that many hot dogs two days after I passed the kidney stone. That's fine. You'll probably be fine. It was A lot of hot dogs. The, the best time to eat a hot dog or anything bad for you is right after you get rid of a kidney stone. That's True. There's a guy, there's at, at the Vienna beef and like I said, Eddie's gonna put out the video, but 10 30 every day they just test hot dogs in the kitchen.


I like that. So I walked up there and there was just hot dogs and they're like, here have as many as you want. And I just, instead Of a smoke break, you get a hot, a wiener break. Yeah. Yeah. I was, I was eating chili. I was eating potato soup as well. I had six cups of soup. Wait, that was part of the Hot hotdog break. Yeah. Yeah. So it's A hotdog chili and potato Super. Yeah. They have different stuff. I had a hot dog that isn't even released to the public. I guess if you, if you work at a hot dog place, it's probably gonna smell pretty bad in there. So they don't No, they don't mind if you just fart all the Time. It was the opposite. It smelled delicious. Did it really? Because you gotta also remember Vienna beef, they're doing like pastramis, smoked briskets. Like it smelled in Incredi The smokehouse. Yeah. Seeing where the hot dogs go and get smoked. Oh it smelled so good.


Yeah, that sounds like a great trip. Yeah. And that's why we got the dick right here. That was why Eddie's mission was to get that. So pretty, pretty big. Pretty big day. Love that. Yeah. Alright. Ames, you got a fire fest? I had a great week. Okay. Yeah. This was like I top top 10 weeks. Is that Because Max isn't here? No, but others got the number one pick. Nick Nicks have just shocked its Celtics twice. Yeah. Yeah. Mets are a wagon and Maxfield is gonna eventually win a Super Bowl. Ah. And none of the Georgia players have gotten any driving violations. So Great week. Huge. That's pretty cool. Huge. What about last night? No, can't think of any. Can't Think of a single thing. Can't think of A single thing. I did get to see Shane wearing his batting gloves last night.


Yeah. It's shocking. Yeah. It Was very shocking. And even more shocking is that he takes them off to play first base. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. We got, we got, we got smoked. Smoked. I was upset. I wasn't able to attend. But I did say before the season started that I was not gonna be there for any six 30 games. I had to, I told my wife, I was like, I'm not home a lot. And to be like, Hey, I'm not gonna be home for Softball. Yeah. Was felt and it is like, hey, are we videoing this? No. Hank, its just softball. Hank did a fine job pitching. Yeah. Yeah. We just too many on-ear. Runs it, it happens. And this isn't really a knock, I, I respect the hustle. A little bit of a try hard move. But PF T's team was there an hour and a half early.


They got a full bp. I showed up, they were doing situational plays. Each player probably hit like, listen, they Won. You Can't hundred 50, you can't criticize if they win. No, that's what I'm saying. I had tip. It's like, yeah, we're never gonna try that hard. I Took, I think I took 10 swings. Yeah I did. Well if we, I did take 10 swings. If We don't mean in the playoffs, we should, we should schedule a game with when Max and I can play. So I did miss playing. But I also, again, six 30 is a very early time. That's a witching hour in my House. It was great. Also, to be fair to Hank, he was probably thinking about the Celtics During Yeah. But that at that point they were winning. We had a tv. We had a TV on our, yeah, I Was home by halftime. I was calling out scores to Hank. Just let him know. I wasn't even trolling 'em. I was like, Celtics are crushing the Knicks.


There's no chance that they lose. I didn't think that they were gonna lose Me neither. No. Yeah, no. Alright. Memes. But like 1% of that is 'cause Max isn't here, right? No, I like having Max around. Oh you do? Yeah, he's cool. Okay, cool. He zones out a lot. But he's cool. He does zone out. He's, he's got a DD. It's A problem when he goes on his phone. It's like severance Hank, which is, He's looking at campus Cuties. Yeah. You're like, why aren't you looking this up on his computer phone? Oh, Hank, Who were you talking about specifically when you said unearned runs? I mean our team had like five errors. Oh. So Yeah. Could the best defense any one of them? Yeah. Not the best difference.


No one in particular. There's a lot of season left. The guys that made errors. Two and two. A lot of season left. Yeah. Yeah. Hopefully we, we play in the playoffs. That'd be awesome. It'd be great. Yeah. Alright. Numbers three, six Celtics and six. Six and six. What was your last number? Memes? 14. 13. 13. About 13. Nine. Nine. I'm gonna take 61 9. 73, 21.


75. 75. Memes not even close. Not even close to close. So far away. Nixon take love you guys.