
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have a massive show for everyone. We've got our good friend Greg Olsen on talking about TEU, talking a little football, getting us excited. We're under a hundred days away from the NFL season kicking off. We also have Zach LaVine on the show talking a little playoff basketball, his golf game, head of Tahoe Chill Week. We have a very special interview with Thunder and Thunder Princess, talking about the Oklahoma City Thunder Super fan world.


The thunder going all the way. We're gonna talk about the Knicks, saving the their season, and also inside the NBA Stanley Cup. Final is set. And then we have a very special fire fest with the boys back from their trip to Indie. And a little recap of what transpired on Tuesday night with special guest, Zach. Great show.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. It's the best time of year for hoops fans, playoff, drama, buzzer, beaters, all the chaos we live for. And if you're done just watching and ready to actually win some cash, you gotta check out Pick six from DraftKings. Nobody's dropping better payouts than pick six. Hit six picks, and that's 25 x your cash. And if you beat your competition, you could be looking at 500 times your bag in your pocket. It's super simple. Select your picks, track your score. Go for those big GI time prizes. No gimmicks, just straight up fun. Pick six is live in most states like Missouri, Cali, Texas, Georgia, and plenty more. So yeah, don't settle your weak payouts. Make your picks with pick six and let your basketball brain pay off. New to DraftKings. Pick six new customers. Toss in just $5 on your first entry, and you'll get $50 in bonus picks instantly. Download the DraftKings Pick six app right now. Use code. Take that's code, take play $5. Get 50 in bonus picks. Better payouts, bigger wins. Only on pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six bonus picks that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer terms at pick six dot at DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go Football Guy Mindset. Yeah.


Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app right now, and use code. Take. That's code take play $5, get 50 in bonus picks, better payouts, bigger wins, only on pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours.


Today is Friday, May 30th, and the New York Knicks are still alive after winning game five. At MSG, we're going back to Indie PFT. And I know we didn't have a show on Wednesday and oh oh. How everything changes in two days because we had one of the greatest performances in Tyree, Halliburton on, on Tuesday night with a triple double 15 says zero turnovers. And then he had a, what is it? A triple single, I don't know what you'd call Triple. Yeah, I've, I've had a few of those. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The story of the night was that the Humble New Yorkers took the big Sidney Annapolis shit talk personally.


Yeah. They, they, they heard a lot of it in indie memes. Got to hear it firsthand. And New York had a great game. The two sweetest words in the English language. Game six. Yeah, We get another one. I'm, I'm excited to see this series go Now. I was willing to trade a shitty game tonight for the possibility of a more meaningful great game later. It wasn't a great game tonight. The Knicks came out, they had something to prove. It never really felt that close. The Pacers came back a few times here or there, but then Jalen Brunson kind of stepped on their throats in the third quarter. And from that point on, it, it, it felt like the Knicks never, they they kept their eye on the ball. Never really lost control. Never really let Indie get close enough to do one of their crazy ass end of the game comebacks.


So I, I'm okay with having a, a game where there's not a lot of lead changes. Not a crazy comeback at the end. As long as it means that maybe in one of the next two games we might get one of those. Yeah. We get a game this weekend, which we weren't gonna have because we're gonna talk about the Thunder going to the NBA finals when we get back in studio in a minute. So we now have a game Saturday we saved another day of inside the NBA, although I'm still confused. I feel like they're they're doing it next year. Yeah. Last year was the time when we had Yeah. The funeral for it when everybody got up and said some nice words and it was very somber affair. But then they announced that ESPN was gonna be licensing it or I, I don't know. NBC's doing the Jordan thing. Yeah. So inside the NBA will be around it is just gonna be on a different channel, But it's still going to be there.


So Yeah. So, but I, I'm happy we get another game. It did feel like the Pacers were kind of going through the motion tonight. They shot like, shit Halliburton. This was a, a great, actually, you know what, I'll say this. We were lucky we didn't have a Wednesday show because Yes. This, these, these 48 hours were narrative building hours. I I was consuming sports media. There was the Tyrese Halliburton is a superstar. He is the face of the league. He's, you know, next up and Jalen Brunton iss a liability and he's, you know, he can't keep him out there 'cause of defense and Yep. And he's not a winner. And if you just skip the, if we don't do a Wednesday show, which we didn't do, it all kind of evens out because Hal Burton was not good tonight.


He was bad tonight. And this is kind of the knock on him is that he has nights like Tuesday, which are out of this world Good. You know, complete engine to an offense and does everything correct. And then you have nights like tonight where he doesn't really, you like, can't really tell that he is out there. And Jalen Brunson had a night like tonight where he is like, there's no way we're losing this game. Yeah. So narrative flipped, but we don't get a old takes exposed. 'cause we never had a narrative on Wednesday. It's pretty good. You're you're right. I was ready to get real reckless with the takes. 'cause I was listening. I was ready. I I was listening to all the sports media. I was listening to every show and hearing what they were having to say. People saying that he's just too small to win basketball games. Yep.


Like we're forgetting that we're in the, we're in the Eastern Conference finals. Correct. And in large part, due to Jalen Brunson's play in the playoffs, he's been really, really good. Of course. Like he's not the best defender in the world, but that's okay. A lot of players don't play that great defense. But we were burying as a society, we buried Jalen Brunson in the last two days. I'll even give you, I'll give you a sneak peek as to one thing I was going to say, if they had lost night just to kick the conversation to higher gear. I, I was getting ready to ask the question, were the Dallas Mavericks also correct? Mm. To let Jalen Brunson walk and low ball him at a $55 million offer. And is, is Nico just the smartest GM in the history of the world for letting both Jalen Brunson and Luca get out of town?


I was ready to to get that spinning up, but again, we didn't have a show, so luckily I never said that I was go, I was going to get reckless as well. On the other side. I was gonna say, is Tyrese Halliburton the best player in the Eastern Conference? Not named Giannis, but I didn't, I didn't say any of that. So we're good. Is it? But it's, it's an interesting thought to have. I think we might have the conversation at some point, But then he had, he Does this when his dad's in the building. He is, yeah. He, he does this. So, and again, he's still very young player and it's not like I'm saying he's bad, but he, I think to take that next step, you can't have nights like tonight. You know what I mean? Like, he's gotta be consistently and, and he does do so much, even if he's not scoring.


That's why he's so great. What was the stat that you told me when I came in on Wednesday? Something about It was, so, so this, I love this stat. I wish, I think it was, I think I, I might get this person wrong, I think it was Todd Whitehead and he does like weird analytics and stuff, and he's a very good follow, I'm gonna try to find it. But he, he had a stat which was basically like, Hey, if you miss football, let me just give you this stat. Yeah. His name's Todd Whitehead on Twitter, and he does cool stats. So on Tuesday night, if you took Tyrese Halliburton's entire performance and made him a QB on Tuesday night, he threw 77 passes for 444 yards with zero interceptions, 77 passes, 4 44 yards, zero interceptions.


He had 15 assists, zero turnovers on Tuesday night. That's That's tech numbers. Yeah. It was basically like, Hey, I'm, this is what it must feel like to be mansplain to, because I saw this stat and I was like, oh, okay. That's sick. Yeah. Now you, now I really understand just how, how hard that was to do. Yeah. Like I watched it and it was incredible. But now, yeah, I mean, if he was a football player, he should have played football. Yes. 77 passes, zero picks. But yeah, tonight he just, I I just feel like the, the Pacers as a whole kind of went into tonight being like, we can, we can just win this game with little half effort. And the Knicks were like, no, we're not, we're not going out this way. And I I, I respect the hell outta that by the Knicks. Like, you don't know what's gonna happen game six, you don't have game seven, but you, to not lose it tonight is big because you don't wanna lose, you don't wanna lose four one on your home court.


Yeah. Yeah. And that's not gonna work against Tibs if you half-ass it because they're gonna lose their entire ass. They're gonna play a little bit of booty ball. Also credit to Tibs. He the bench, he's using his bench. He is like, Hey, maybe I can just throw some of these guys out there and let them go balls to the wall on defense and not worry about, you know, like, hey, they're, they might get some, some fouls, but that's okay. Like, you know, Landry shat, Delan Wright, these guys are actually playing real minutes now. 10, 14 minutes. Good job. By by Tibs. Like, hey, throw some guys out there, throw some more guys at him. It, it was also kind of a sneaky thing that he did. 'cause I think Josh Hart started on the bench, right? Yeah.


But he's still got 34 minutes. So that's what He's been doing. He's done. He does. Josh Hart starts on the bench, sits for five minutes and then plays the rest of the game. Yeah. And the second out, same Thing. Yeah. I'm using my bench. Yeah. I, I just, I went down a little, I went down a little rabbit hole tonight because I'm fascinated with Mitchell Robinson and I don't know how much you know about this guy personally. Like what, what He's like off the court. Yeah. He's the man. He's the most country dude that you'll ever meet in your entire life. Guess how many dogs Mitchell Robinson has? He's gotta have like 20. Yeah, he is got 18 dogs. Okay. Okay. He owns 18 dogs. I think a dozen of those dogs are Rottweilers. Love it. So, so massive respect.


He's got like a million trucks, pickup trucks. And they are, when I say they're trucks, he actually owns Monster trucks, like his personal trucks that he uses to drive around in Indi indistinguishable from Monster Trucks. If you go on his TikTok page, it's all trucks, dogs, fishing country songs, and then bigger trucks. I think, I think we've been looking for the next big country for a long time. I think it's just been Mitchell Robinson the whole time. Can I ask a question about the 18 dogs? Yep. And I wanna do this carefully. We're all dog people here except Ma. Well, max has a dog now. Hank's actually the only one who's not a dog person. Yeah. Fact, That is absolutely ins insane, insane, insane.


Your mic stinks. Your mic stinks. No, my, my mic's the best mic. No, your mic stinks right now. It blew out all of our ears. Hey, guess what? The people listening, they're, this is going to be the best mic. Oh, okay. Wanna bet? Yes. I forgot that you have a, I I forgot you have a dog now. I'm sorry. Billy. Shout out. Billy named that Billy Football. So Hank's the only one who's not a dog person here, but dog guys. PFT Max Pug, if you have 18 dogs. Yep. And one of passes away is that can't be the same sadness, right? Like, it's still sad, but that's a lot of dogs.


Like, can you keep track of all those Dogs? Even I think even if you have 18 dogs, if it's, if it's one of the, one of the older ones. Yeah. I, I I think like they each get their time in the sun. Like when they're a puppy, obviously they get a lot of shine when they're middle aged dogs. You kind of forget about 'em. Then when they're veteran dogs, the ones that like King Charles, the alpha male dog, which I'm obsessed with, the Chinese dog. That just regulates on everybody. The, the dogs get a chance to prove themselves to be special. And then by the time that dog gets old, if it passes away, it's, it's a sad occasion, but That's true. But eighteen's a lot to keep, like if you saw 18 dogs in a backyard, you wouldn't be able to be like, that's 18 dogs right away.


'cause they're running around like you, it would take you a while to count 'em. But if I saw 18 dogs in somebody's backyard, I would immediately think whoever lives there is a fantastic rebounder. A Absolutely. That's A big rebound guy move. By the Way I'm saying this in that I, I'm saying it almost as a positive that like Mitchell Robinson might have found a way to not feel like the immense sadness of a dog passing is like, Hey, if you have 18 of them, it might take it down. Like, I'm not saying it's not sad, it might take it from like a hundred percent sadness to like 95% sadness. And that might be a good strategy. I, I would think that an older dog above the age of like nine, you feel that same sadness. But if it's like a middle aged dog that passes away, you feel sad, but you're like, you know what, next dog up.


Yeah. 17 more dogs. Yeah. So many dogs. That's That's an awesome amount of dogs for an player To have. It really is. It really is speaking. Hey, listen, max, I'm saying that something nice about you because you just blew out all of our eardrums with your great mike. And I know he is gonna do some weird editing tricks. So he's gonna make us sound No, it's just our, we are recording it separately through our actual studio. It was loud for everyone. Oh, Hank's doing a little face max.


Congratulations. You won our first basket challenge with DraftKings. The NBA playoffs are almost over. It's about to get wild high stakes drama, insane buzzer beaters, jaw dropping dunks and the excitement you live for. And guess what? Drafting sports book and official sports betting partner of the NBA is giving you a chance to boost your winnings every single game during the playoffs. That's right. Every game, all playoffs long. DraftKings is rolling out a special NBA Profit boost. So what are you waiting for? Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now and use code take to claim your profit boost. That's right. Code take gets you a boost for every single NBA playoff game. Don't miss your shot at Big wins. This is the moment you've been waiting for only on DraftKings Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction Boyd in Ontario. Get one NBA profit boost per game after opt-in boost expires at the end of each game. Boosts bet criteria and maximum bet limits vary. See terms at sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


So congratulations max 5,000. Free bet. Thank you. Good job. Yeah, no it, we were pretty bad at this throughout the entire playoffs. None of you guys hit one of them. Yeah. Which made it slightly, slightly easier for me Taking the congratulations back. Listen, the first basket is meaningless in these playoffs. The last basket. That's, that's where your money's Going. Great point. Great point. But yeah, $5,000 free bet. I'm splitting it with a very hard working behind the scenes guy Quis here. So we're gonna put out a parlay probably next week around some time. I'm excited for it. Love it. Love it. Memes quickly.


And we're gonna talk about the indie trip during Fire Fest with Zach. How are we feeling? So great. Are we have, do we have a percentage on, on like Nicks being back and can win this series? I feel good right now. The Pacers are really good after watching them in person. That was like one of the greatest shooting performances. And I mean, their fans are incredible except that one woman. The most important part when you're down three, one is just that your team doesn't quit and that's all you could ask for. And you just keep, keep hoping they don't quit and just keep fighting till the very end. I agree with you. I think it was unnecessary to take a shot at John Cougar Mellon camp like that, but I agree with the rest of it.


Fair point. I I agree with John though. I, and I accept his apology. Okay. Okay. I hope, I hope we go seven, seven would be Monday night, right? Yeah. Seven would be great. I, I would like to see, I'd like to see some crazy comebacks. I I think this series has been awesome to watch. There's been great basketball, so I, I'm at the point where now the more basketball the better. Yeah. The Mecca. That's what I was saying the other night. Game Seven and the Mecca would be Scenes. Yeah. And that's what I was saying the other night about like the rooting for it. Like it's Mario Kart. We in the last, you know, 48 hours or 24 hours, we've lost both conference finals in the, in hockey And we lost the Western conference finals.


We needed this to keep going. Otherwise we were gonna be stuck with no playoff sports this weekend and just sitting there waiting for the finals to start on Thursday. So, good job. Good job. Nicks give us one more game. Good job. Yeah. What memes your thinking, Theoretically, if the NBA is rigged, wouldn't you want a game seven in the Eastern Commerce finals? Yes. Yeah. So why not just do it? Well, so If the NBA's rigged, you want the Knicks in the finals. Yeah, but I feel like game seven, you, you pull the rigged back and you just let 'em go at it. Got It. What what will be will be, yeah. Game six. You call in Scott Foster Game call Game seven. Your services are no longer needed.


No, it's just let let him fight to the death. Yeah. The N NBA is definitely gonna call Scott Foster game six. Right. We can agree on that. Yeah, I would imagine. I would imagine also shout out to the Knicks fan. I saw this posted, someone sent it to me. A Knicks fan bought a paid a witch on Etsy to cast a spell to help the Knicks win tonight. Is that, is that Blake? That's Blake. He'll Be okay. That's okay. What's up Blake? He's having a great time. Shout, shout out. That fan takes everyone. We're gonna get to it with Thunder and, and and Thunder Princess. But like a, a Knicks fan buying a witch witches spell on Etsy for $8 and 48 cents.


That could have been the difference. So do we have any proof that there was actually a witch involved or somebody just said that They showed the receipt on Etsy? That to me, seems like you're cheaping out on your witches. Yeah, you might have to, you might have to up your witch game. I'd agree. I'd agree. But I muted. Go visit death. Oh, I have a feeling death might be Dead. Is there a chance? Death is dead. She was a real, she was a real witch. She was. We will never die. Yeah. Yeah. We put on the list. Seems like something maybe COVID like, Oh yeah, you're right. Hank's right, you're right. I can see it, Hank when you're right. You're right.


Yeah, you're Right. She, yep. She gave a COVID vibe four years before I knew something was up. Couldn't Hang with COVID. Alright. Stanley Cup final. We're here rematch last year. Awesome. I'm so excited for this. Oilers Panthers best two teams, Panthers finish off the hurricanes on Wednesday night. Oilers finish off the stars tonight and the Oilers have been on fire. So they started their series, I think it was the first series of the, of the entire playoffs. Oh. Two Against the Kings. And since then they're 12 and two of 25 Gold differential plus 25.


And Skinner's been awesome. And their power play's been awesome. And now the question is, can you beat the Panthers who have looked every bit of dominant, even obviously going seven against the least, but they absolutely throttled the hurricane and they're relentless. Yes. Hank The Oilers touched the, the trophy, So, okay. They they did, they touched the Campbell. Was it the Campbell Cup? Yeah, they did. They didn't last year. You never do. Sidney Crosby did the same thing. Oh 8 0 9 mm Didn't touch it. Oh eight lost in the in the cup. Final touch it. Oh nine one. I got a, I got a fun little stat for you. Can you name the last three Stanley Cup Finals Rematches.


Mm. Including this one. We'll count this one as the most recent one. So you just said one of them. Bruins two years Apart. Oh yeah. Penguins. Red Wings. Penguins Red Wings. Yep. Penguins, red Wings. Oh, Not Broods Blackhawks. Nope. No. Hold on, hold on. Rangers The Lightning didn't play. The Lightning played. Who did The lightning? It's a meaningful stat. It's, it's gotta be farther back. Right? It's a meaningful stat Devils.


I'll just say it. No, no. Hold on, hold on. Okay, gimme one more second. How far back Do want me give the, The most recent one is, is Red Wings Penguins, correct? That is correct. Yeah. Yeah. Devil's Avalanche. Nope. No. Oilers Boy. Oh, Oilers Islanders. Oilers Islanders. Yeah. Gretzky lost the first time and then won second year won. Yep. Crosby loses the first time to the Red Wings, second time comes back and wins. Now McDavid loses to the Panthers the first time. Second time I think I like the Oilers boys.


Oh, I Absolutely do. I think it's coming home. Yeah, I agree. They're gonna be, and, and they have home ice. I like the others as well. Now the only thing that makes me nervous about the Panthers is one, they're very good at hockey, which should be noted. Two, they have been ordering blizzards before the game and eating them in between periods. Okay. Interesting. Yeah. Got some analytics. You don't get in the stat department. I Got Panthers on. I saw there was Wait, wait, Do they have Dairy Queens in Canada? Oh, good Question. I know they got Tim Horton's. Good Question.


So they got steal one without the DQ blizzard? Yeah. This is a big Oh, Good question. It looks like they do have dairy Queens in Canada. Okay. In Edmonton. So this was from Katy Engelson. I can confirm the Panthers group that went to Dairy Queen the night before. Game two went to Dairy Queen last night before game five. So they go the night before. And then also I saw Marshawn had won in between periods the other night. So that's tough. That's tough. Okay. I'm looking at a map of Edmonton right now. You're saying, you're saying that's tough in the way, like the kids say it, right? Big Cat. That's tough in the fact that like, if you tell me there's a team powered by Dairy Queen, I'm gonna be like, that team is unstoppable.


Yeah. No. Like that's what the kids say when you wear like a cool, like, oh, that's tough. That's tough. That's Tough. Like them getting blizzards is tough. That's Tough. I'm seeing at least 17 Dairy Queen locations in Edmonton right now. Listen Edmonton, everybody in town has to be behind this effort. Yeah. From, from the guys who are out there on the ice. The people that are cleaning the Blizzard machine do not sell blizzards to the Florida Panthers. Don't do it. It's that simple. Can't do it Down. You have to ask them down. And they have to tell you if they're a members, if they're a member of the Panthers organization. Otherwise it's entrapment. And that's against the law. Don't sell Dairy Queen to anybody. That sounds American for Canadians only.


You know, the Canadians can't do that. They're too nice. It's too nice. I love that about them because you treat can't rob someone a blizzard. I still think it's, I think it's the Oilers. I'm gonna, I I I agree with you. I'm, I'm rooting We, we won't tell Whitney this, who hopefully we'll have on next week, but I, I am rooting for McDavid. I mean, we like to fuck with Whitney, but, and then it is perfect 'cause we can root for McDavid and if he loses, we can just be like, we're right. Yeah. We just shouldn't have doubted ourselves. Yeah. Yeah. He tricked us. Again. My, My, my only crime was listening to the mob. The woke mob convinced me to, to root for mc Jesus. Yeah.


He, he tricked us again. We thought it was his year. Yeah. All right. I like this storyline though. And I like Hank. Do you, I mean, the fact that Crosby did it oh 8 0 9, does that not make it a little bit better? Yeah, it does. I was, I I figured there had to be a reason. I was, I was pretty shocked watching the, the celebration. Yeah. Okay. Do we have anything else? Ovechkin pre-retired. He pre-retired for like two hours today. Oh. So the Washington Capital sent out an email to season ticket holders asking to renew. And they said, this is Alex Ian's last season playing in the NHL. And so everybody was like, what the fuck?


He hadn't announced that or anything. Is this how they're telling us? And then everybody was asking about it and the capitalists had to send out another email being like, the person that wrote that email actually had no knowledge whatsoever. They just put that in there to try to get people to buy tickets. So to their knowledge, he has not made a decision on whether or not last year will be his last year. Okay. But I do like that by that guy. It's a good move to sell tickets. Great move. Great move to sell tickets Also, Next Monday's part of my take will be the last part of my take that we ever do. So make sure to tune in. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Also, Brian Heimer said that Dak Prescott is in the development phase of Okay.


I think maybe his football career. So let's all give him a cut him a little slack. Let's just let him develop a little bit more. He needs more time. He needs development. He needs more time to progress. He's 31-year-old developing quarterback. Yeah. I mean, Dak I think Dak is the most who we think he is. Quarterback in the NFL. We've been dead right about Dak For years. Oh Yeah. At his best. Like he will throw five touchdowns against some shitty teams. Yeah. And he'll light it up. But yeah. Because Even when whoever meets the road, we know what's up with Dak. Even If you think about like other, like Patrick Mahomes, like he could get, he could get bad somehow for a year. He'd be like, whoa, we didn't see that coming. There's nothing that's gonna surprise us with Dak.


I've never been more right about anything in my life than I have been my entire life about Dak Prescott. He's gonna put up good stats. There'll be a stretch where everyone's like, Hey, the Cowboys are, this is different this year. And then the playoffs. Good guy though. Great guy. 17th quarterback. Favorite color gray. Hey, wait, you had a stat you wanted to give me NFFL. Oh, I did have an NFL stat. Yes. Thank you for reminding Me. You tease, you said you teased me with it. It was such a tease. I was like, we were, we were like, like middle schoolers with a crush on each other. I walked into the studio and Pft was like, I got a stat for you, but I'm gonna save it for the show. And I was like, tell me now.


Okay. So it's, it is like something that we have to maybe put a future on. And the guy that he dmd the first stat and he said, remember when that guy gave Big Cat the Terrick Schobel envelope? This is my version of that. Okay. But then I, I went and I added to the stat a little bit. So I think this comes from the Oovs and Gigo podcast. I'm probably butchering that name. They seem like nice guys, seem like they've got a good podcast. They were talking about the Panthers. They're big Carolina Panthers fans in the NFL and they said in the 2002 college football season, Ohio State wins the national championship. That same year, the Carolina Panthers have a losing record.


The Panthers opened the next season by playing the Jacksonville Jaguars and they go to the Super Bowl in 2014. Ohio State wins the national championship. The Panthers have a losing record. The very next year, the Panthers open up with the Jaguars and the Panthers go the Super Bowl. 2024 Ohio State wins the National championship. The Panthers have a losing record. Next year, 2025, the Panthers open up with the Jacksonville Jaguars again. Yep. Yep. This feels, this feels like it's, it's written in the start. Now I went, I did a little bit more research.


'cause I thought to myself those years, 2002, 2014, sound familiar in a certain way that matched up with 2024. Also in 2002, Jennifer Lopez filed for divorce from Chris Judd. Mm. 2014 Jennifer Lopez filed for divorce from Mark Anthony, 2024. Jennifer Lopez files for divorce from Ben Affleck. Wow. It's, it, it seems like the Carolina Panthers gonna be the Super Bowl. Okay. So we just gotta pick 'em to win the NFC. Yep. Easy. I think. I think this is how you make the money. Yeah. Long shots. Nobody else is thinking about. Bryce Young takes the next step.


This is, this is great. I'm in, I'm in. And it's gonna be, it's gonna look terrible, but we're gonna ride it like, we'll be we week five. We'll be like, why do we believe this? But then week 15 we'll be like, yeah, fuck yeah, we're smart. Just wait. Yeah. I think it, we have certain future bets that we look at and every time we're looking at the, the DraftKings app And we click on my bets, it says, you've got this one out in the future. We feel great about it. Like, I've just got money that hasn't hit the bank yet. This is gonna be one of those bets that's going to feel terrible every time we look at it. Yeah. But then we're gonna be laughing all the way to the bank. Listen, If the Panthers aren't doing well, we'll just talk about them a ton on the podcast and get everyone to vote them to the Super Bowl like we do with the Heisman every year.


Yeah. That's a, that's a great point. Just easy peasy. Alright, let's kick into ourselves. We got a lot of show left and it's great show. We got Thunder, we got Thunder Princess, we got Greg Olsen. We got Zach LaVine. We got Zach talking about the indie trip back in studio. Kick it to ourselves.


Okay, before we get to the rest of the show, truly unruly, I'm holding it right now. The Strawberry Smash, truly unruly is the high alk hard seltzer that drinks light, but parties, hard drinks, light party hard, truly unruly is a hard seltzer that breaks all the rules with 8% A BV. It hits hard but still tastes amazing. Comes in four fresh flavors. Tropical twist, berry blast, citrus Crush, strawberry Smash, the truly hard seltzer taste. You love the high alk unruliness you're looking for. So go check it out right now. We love Truly Strawberry Smash. My my official one one pick it is summer. It's about to get warm. We're about to be on the golf course, we're about to be at the beach. We're about to be in the backyard at the pool. And we're about to get unruly with truly, truly unruly. Go get the Strawberry Smash right now. You also have the Tropical Twist, the Berry Blast, the Citrus Crush. All Delicious. And again, it drinks light, it parties hard 8% A BV. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Let's get unruly this summer Boys with Truly go check it out. Now the official hard seltzer. A Pardon My Take.


Okay. We're back in studio. We're gonna talk about the Oklahoma City Thunder going to the NBA finals and we're gonna do Hot Seat Cool Throne that will cover Whoa. A lot of stuff. Yeah. On a Friday. That Huh? A lot of stuff By the way, max, I did see a few people say that you did not push the button on Thursday. I said, that's my boy. And he knows he's gotta push the button. 'cause if he doesn't he's gotta get a Soul patch. He's got button issues. So He did not, he did not forget to push the button. Right. So Hot Seat cool thrown on Friday, but the Oklahoma City Thunder are in the NBA finals. Absolutely. Curb stomped. The Timberwolves in Game five completely.


Like that series wasn't really competitive. Obviously Game four was close and, and the, the Timberwolves won Game three, but the Thunder are significantly better than the Timberwolves, the Thunder. I said it last series when I felt like they were like growing up in front of our eyes against the nuggets. This was a continuation of it where it's like, yeah, you're gonna lose game three when a team goes home down oh two. And then having that resolve in game four and then taking care of business in game five. This team is so goddamn good and it all starts with SGA who might be having one of the best seasons. He, he could be up there with one of the best seasons ever in terms of all the accolades he's putting out there.


Because he won the MVP, he won the scoring title All NBA First Team 68 wins for his team. They're in the finals. If he completes it, the trophy case is insane. He also is the first N-B-A-M-V-P to go to the finals since Steph in 20 15 16. He has been incredible. And this entire team is incredible. Western Conference finals. MVP as well. Yep. I think Magic Johnson put it best. I want to apologize to the Oklahoma City Thunder for underestimating them and not thinking they were ready to compete for a championship. Now he put that out last night at 10:38 PM Mm. And if you know anything about Irvin Magic Johnson and his Twitter accounts Yep.


He does not tweet anything in real time ever. No, no. He rushed to his phone or to his assistant's phone and said, I need you to tweet this out right now. I need to take accountability right away for it. The thunder are very, very scary. They're a scary team. They emasculated the Timberwolves last night. Emasculated Nine points. 9.9. But they neutered the Timberwolves. Yeah. Nine points in the first quarter for the Timberwolves. 23 points in the second quarter. And then they kind of woke up at the end when nobody really expected that it was gonna be a game. Some Luca Garza minutes. There's some, yeah. Some, some guys off the bench got some time, scored a few points. Terrance Sharon, Shannon Jr. Actually was like the, one of the only Timberwolves players to show up at the end of this series.


I'll Say this, the as as crazy as the NBA has been this postseason, this was the first time when at the end of the first quarter, I actually felt like this game was over. Oh Yeah. Because 26 to nine, it, It's also the way the thunder play their defense. They, they, they forced 21 turnovers on Wednesday night. It was, it just had the vibes after the first quarter of one of those home crowd parties just getting started. We're about to party for the next two and a half hours. And yeah. It was, you know, Jalen Williams has played great, played great in this series, you know, keeps taking steps forward. Chet is a monster. They just have so many guys, guy off and Yep.


Their defense is got 'em all suffocating. They made Anthony Edwards look not great. No bad. And then the, the, did you see the Converse ad afterwards? They, they were mocking Anthony Edwards. I still don't really understand that ad because it was an ant crawling around. I was just waiting for someone to step on the amp. Yeah. Like that would've worked. Yeah. In, in SG a's Shoes, like a giant shoe coming down. Yeah. Like a Converse. Yeah. Coming down. Crushing boom. Crushing The amp. But yeah, the Thunder are awesome. They are just an awesome team. I think they're minus 6 25 right now in the drafting sports book. To win the title like this is, it's gonna be a tall task to beat the thunder in a seven game series. Credit to the nuggets for taking 'em to seven games.


But yeah, they're, and and here's the crazy part about the thunder and, and what they've done. And we've, we've alluded to this when we've started the debate of this is maybe the worst thunder team in their dynasty era. Yep. Which is just beginning the thunder. Just have like everything in front of him too. They have so many picks. Sam Presti is a a is a pick aholic. He just hoards the picks. He needs Marie Kondo to come over and be like, do does this pick give you love all, All the picks. Give him joy. Does this 2027 second rounder give you meaning? I Hope that in in future draft ladders, he still has the opportunity to get into the top five. That's just, that's such a nice wrinkle that could pop up from time to time.


But yeah, the, the nuggets have constructed a team almost according, or sorry, the thunder have constructed blue team almost according to like, the perfect blueprint that you could ever have where everything falls into place. They were only bad for a couple years too. Like it wasn't, I I know they tanked a little, but it wasn't it was two years. Yeah, it was two years. It was two years that they were, you know, they they did the, was it, Remember Chet got her, Chet Was just out. Chet was out and they had remember they the whole like they told Al Horford just go away. Yeah, yeah. It was great. And you're like, yeah, we don't wanna win any of these games. But here's what the, here I have it listed. Hold on. Here's what the Thunder have in the, in this year's draft, they have two firsts.


In next year's draft, they have two firsts. And second in the 27 draft, they have two first and the second. And then their first in the four, in, in the 28th, 29th. Next two years. Not, not counting this one that's about to happen. But the next two years, who is their other first round pick from? Let's Find that. Let's find that. Because that's, that's where we get good with it. Yeah. That's where it gets real freaky. It is. It's crazy. The team they've constructed is so goddamn good. They're well coached. They, I love what their coach Said. I don't know what their hole is. Like they don't have a hole. I love what their coach said after the game, which was they're professional, they're high character, they're idiots. Yeah. Yeah. I love it. Sounds like a fun team. Do we, The the, Those are Red Sox, right?


Yeah. The old bow socks. A bunch of idiots cowboy Up. Yep. The group interviews. How do we feel about that? I'm okay with it. You can do whatever you want if You win. I think you can do whatever you want. Yeah. I think that if you, I think it's one of those situations where it's a little goofy. If they lose, they will get clowned for it. But if they win, who the fuck Cares? Yeah. I don't e Even if they lose, I don't think people remember that much. Yeah. Alright. So 2026, they have Dallas or no, sorry, that's the Oh, they have two first round or one first round pick in 2026. I misspoke. In 2027 they have their first round pick. Then they had a Denver Top five protected first round pick and an LA first round Pick Swap.


I assume that's the Clippers. Clippers because they had a pick from the Clippers this year too, I think. Yeah. And then they have a, another Dallas first Round pick swap in 2028. It's crazy. So Picks Yeah. They have the Sixers pick next year too. Yeah. The Sixers Pick next year. Yeah. It's, it's nuts. They just have all the picks. All the Picks. Good job. Good time to be a Thunder fan. Good time to be a Thunder fan. We're gonna talk to Thunder and Thunder Princess. I'm So happy for Thunder when they won. Awesome interview. So happy, Very, very old school. PMT Just like, just get some super fans in a, a room that we don't even understand all dressed up That like our hard to track down. Yeah. I have a fact. I you can debate whether or not it's a fun fact. It is a fact.


It's like a mildly entertaining fact but it's so mildly entertaining. It might be fun. Okay, so with the Thunder, they have two players named Jalen Williams on their team. J Dub and Jay Will, Those are the only two Jalen Williams to ever play in the NBA. Wow. And they got both of 'em. It seems like that's a pretty common name, right? Yeah. No, they got the only two. That's Crazy. I Think that's a mildly mid fact. That's a no, that's a good fact. I like that fact. Borderline Wild. That is borderline wild. Is it? To have the only two to play in the NBA on the same team. I would say that is wild. It's not a nerd nugget. No, it's a Nothing can be a nerd nugget. It's a Wild nugget. It's A wild nugget. It's on the wild meter. Okay. Sick.


We should briefly talk about the Timberwolves. That was a sad way to go out. Body language problems. Body language problems. Anthony Edwards. I love watching him play basketball. I didn't love watching him play basketball in this series 'cause he was just bottled up and didn't seem like he was having fun. Minnesota sports continue to be, shout out Minnesota. So-so sports fans, it's been a very rough go. And it continues. They have not won a title in 34 years. They're the longest streak of a city with all four big sports teams. They also are oh and 10 in their last, since 1991 in all conference finals.


So they get to the conference finals and they lose 127 combined. 10 30 in four sports also is bad. Yeah. 127 combined seasons without appearing in a championship game or series. It's tough. I I don't really feel that bad for Ant, although like you, I I enjoy watching him play basketball. Mike Conley I felt bad for. Yeah, he, it looked like that was, that was a tough series for him to get over afterwards. And I want, I want him to do something great. He seems like a good guy. But I mean the thunder, there's just, there's just no beating on this postseason. You right. The woo the woos are gone. That's right. Hank. That's right. You called it the guy off. I I was as much crap as I give SGA just because at times he's annoying to watch.


I still think he's an incredible player and he's, he is fun to watch when he is not doing the fab dating stuff. I love Watching Face this league. He might be the face of this league. This is, this is my favorite part of the NBA calendar where it's like American hero, Whoever gets gets to the finals, we have to have the debate. Who's the face of this league? 'cause this was Anthony Edwards has been, people have been trying to put the face of this league on him and two western conference finals for the Timberwolves. Has it, it's they've been good the last two years. They obviously haven't been to the finals. I don't think he can be the face of this league without getting to a finals. I think it might be Caruso. Caruso Might be the face. He might be the face with an just remember he's, he's really, really fucking young. Yeah. Like young players don't get to the NBA finals at his Age.


He said that, they said, how, how disappointing is this? Or something like that. And he was like, it's exciting for me because I get, I I I'm gonna get so many chances to do this and get better in the off season. You just never know with Windows Hank's looking at me like Tatum. Who was the MVP? Remind me who the MVP of that final, who should the MVP should have been got there before that too, when he was even younger. Who should the MVP should have been on that team. He was the pretty sure it was the Eastern Conference finals. MVP that year when they Went. Well it's, it's exceedingly rare that a person as young as an leads his team to an NBA finals. What do you It's it's, it's a bright future Trial. What are you doing? What are you doing today? Trial. Trial. Trial. What are you doing today?


Trial Trial. Trial trial. Explain to me what you're doing. This is not are you, are you some This is not an outfit that I would wear to work normally. I normally wear, look Like you're about to sell me some shitty coat. I in a, in like a dive bar in London. I would wear this out, you know, maybe on a, on a night out in the town at dinner or something. But I was unsure about it. So I wore it to work as a trial and I got good feedback. I don't care what you guys say, but the, but the, you know, I mean, why wouldn't you care what we say? The the youth. The youth. And I'm A known Aura. The women of the office. Like, oh, you look good. I like Your outfit. The women of the office. Yeah. Are you their boss? No. So you, you wear clothes to work to impress the women of the office. It's a Trial coworker. It was a trial. I knew it was, I knew it was outside of what I normally wear and I knew it was gonna spark a reaction.


I know the people in this office are dickhead and they would tell you straight up like, you look weird today. What's going on with this? But most people's first reaction is like, Ooh, I like it. So trial Again. The people successful trial report To you? No. And guys too, It kind of looks like Zach Morris. Like something that, that he'd wear on Saved by the bell. He's given off like hooligan London vibes. Yeah. That's cool. That's that's a good vibe. Is it? You need a bucket hat. Okay. Maybe add that. Yeah. But yeah, it was a tr I I knew I assumed it, it it, it's not, this is not normally what I would wear in the socks in this office. Yeah, they match Oh Each other. Most times they do. No, but like the purple purple. Oh, remember when you said that Hank only wears black Hoodies? Yeah.


Right. He's trying to change it up. No, I would normally be wearing a black hoodie, but I was like, you know, let's, Let's, Let's try it. Let's get a trial run. Let's see. Yeah. When you got a coupon to Bugle, boy you spend all of it. Have to, you get the full rack. Yeah. When Old Navy is doing a a summer sale, you gotta fucking gobble it up. It looks good. Hank, thank You. I know It Looks good. I know Bugle Boy. Oh, you gotta, you gotta put yourself on Bugle boy Max Bugle boy, you look great. Instead of bugle boy. Yeah. I don't know what, look at that. This is nineties old thing. Nineties. Yeah, it's the old thing. It's a very old thing. Bugle Boy Bugle. It's a great name. I'm in on the name of Bugle. Yes. Solid name BFT Just did the Inglorious Bastards three for our age.


When he said to bugle boy ever looked up like, what? No bugle boy. No shit. I made a aere Reference to shitty old. I know, I'm joking. Yeah, it's, it's, but yeah, you look good, Hank. Thank You. You Look this Bugle boy looks fire. Bugle boy was fire. Look at this. Get it. Oh, Hank that Is. He looks sick. Hank get it, get it. See, Get it Hank. Yeah. Okay, so Thunder are awesome. Yeah. Thunder and five against the Pacers. I think We need like, well we don't Know. We're recording this earlier. So what if the Knicks are still in it? I think Knicks in Seven against the Thunder, but they're gonna sweep the Pacers Rate.


Are you guys, what do you think about the ratings? Don't care. Are you worried if it's, you know, a, a week off and then it's two small market teams potentially. I am potentially, I'm worried that I'm going to have to have a conversation about the ratings at some point in the future. Am I, am I worried about what it means for the game? Nah, because you know what? That just means that only the real ball heads are gonna watch. I I the ratings discourse will get very annoying. I think if, let's say the Pacers are there, the Pacers are a super fun team to watch play. The Thunder are a fun team to watch, play. They're young stars on both sides. It should be celebrated instead of what people will do and say ratings and this and that.


I don't know why you wouldn't wanna celebrate it. And it's also two teams that are built the right way. And it's not, you know, superstars teaming up. I I think that should be celebrated. But of course there will be the narrative of, oh, this sucks for ratings. The NB is dying. No, I agree. And I don't, I'm not gonna look, look it up or find it. But there was a guy that it was like, if the Pacers win, they will be the Pacers and Thunder will be the first two teams to make it to the finals without having to pay luxury tax In like 16 years. Yeah. Which is, that's that's commendable. Yeah. Good respect. This Is what we say that we want in sports. Right. Well it's just weird too because it's, it's, it's such a, it's such a bizarre thing that the NBA deals with and maybe it's just, I don't know if it's where it comes from villainizing, the, the small market teams, but like that doesn't happen in football.


Like, Kansas City's not a big market, you know what I mean? It's, it's just very bizarre that it's just specific. Buffalo is not a big market. Yeah. And you don't get the same thing. I think it's just everyone watches football no matter what. And I Also think that it's, it's gonna be a game for whoever wants the NBA to have bad ratings that are going to talk about how bad the ratings are. Right. And what would be kind of funny 'cause I think it could, it might be Caitlyn Clark's first game Back Against the Sky Chicago that Saturday, June 7th. There will be people comparing the ratings of that game. I think she's out for that. I saw the, the tickets for that game. Like think it's Noses Dies. It's definitely big time up in the year.


I think that there's an outside chance that would be her first game back. You would see people comparing the NBA finals rating to that. The ratings of that game. Yeah. I'm, but personally, I, I don't care. But it does cross my mind because I'm going to have to see people talk about it. Yeah. Do you guys see that? The, I think white boy, Rick said it perfectly. We've got a, we got a Fox in the hen house situation with the NBA sent getting into WNBA discourse. Oh Yeah. It is fertile ground for them. It is. He, he NBA sent tweeted out something that was like, since Kaitlyn Clark's injury 72 hours ago, the WNBA has lost over 30 million Instagram followers. Yeah, I love that. And people were just like, what the fuck? This is bullshit.


It is a fox in the hen house. They're not ready for it. No, it's it, but it's great. It's also just a, the entire WNBA discourse. So funny when you compare it to the NBAI saw a meme of it was Anthony Edwards in a wheelchair and I think he had like, like special needs and it was like them roasting how he played in this series. Yeah. And It's, they turn anybody who loses in into Osama bin Laden the Biggest loser of all time. Yeah. But yeah, I'm excited. I'm excited. Okay, let's, let's talk to Thunder real quick, a little more Thunder Love Thunder and Thunder Princess. And then we'll do Hot Seat Cool Throne. Okay, we now welcome on two very special guests and potentially a third.


It is Thunder and Thunder Princess. Hello. Fresh off winning the Western Conference Finals. I see Thunder. What? Thunder? I see you have the finals hat on right now, so of Course I gotta be wrapping this. Yeah, we're going to the final. So, alright. I, I guess congratulations how you guys were there last night. How awesome was that? It's unbelievable. I mean, the big question is, when are you gonna come out to OKC and experience the arena for yourselves? Listen, it's, I would love to come put on the shirt. I would put that shirt on so fast. Yeah, I would absolutely put the shirt on.


So you, so you guys are in the finals. I, I guess can we get the backstory of how you guys became super fans? Because you guys are obviously super fans. Yeah, We've been, we've been doing it Thunder Princess, myself, Brickman. We've been doing it since the very first season. The Loves Corporation had a ultimate fan competition. And so we all started off as competitors trying to be the ultimate Thunder fan. We Were enemies And then we all became friends. That's A beautiful story because ultimately you want the same thing. So you recognize that Yes. You're like, with our powers combined, we can actually get this to a good place with the team. Thanks. Once We both lost, that's when we became friends. That's smart. Wait, Who won? Did Brickman win?


No. Nope. His name is Josh Newbie. We call him Thunderhead. And he had a three-dimensional head of the logo. He actually went to the game when my uncle passed. He stepped in for me and was at the game. Wow. Sorry about your uncle passing. So, wait, so is he, does he hang out with you guys at the games Thunderhead? Yep. Every time he comes to a game, yes. But he lives up quite a bit south in the town called Ada. So he comes up as much as he can. Okay. Unfortunately they don't let him bring the head in anymore. It's like, you know, NBA rules and regulations. But what, No, He brought it, he brought it, we got It through. Okay. Okay. Okay. We'll keep in with us. We can get you through. Okay. We can get you through. Alright, I love that. I respect that thunder door.


I was reading a, a profile about you last week And we were talking about you on the podcast and Yes, I heard that. That was very nice. Thank you for doing, for giving me a shout out, talking about the body positivity, my social work. Thanks. Yeah, It's, it is a great story and you seem like a good guy. So I just wanna clarify, like, when you change into the Thunder outfit, are you still doing that at a gas station on the way to the arena? Yeah. If, if, if it's a regular season game and I'm like coming fresh off of work, I'll just take my like shorts and socks and suspenders and I'll just run into a bathroom and I'll come out like carrying my jeans and so I'm sure everybody thinks I shit my pants, but I'm really just chasing into thunder, you know?


Yeah. It's like Superman in his phone booth. Exactly. You got stuff with the gloves, you get your changed on, you go out and then here comes thunder door. What, What about you Thunder Princess? How long is the get up take and what, like, do you go straight from work sometimes to the game? 1000 hours. Okay. Check. I actually live in Orlando now. Oh. So I've been flying back and forth to these games. I was a 13 year season ticket holder prior to moving in 2020. So the process does take a little longer. You gotta, you know, beat the face. Rhinestones don't happen on the remote. He takes five seconds. I take maybe two and a half hours depending, but Yeah, it does, it takes a little bit longer, especially when I have to fly.


Yeah, That's Definitely, but if I'm not getting painted, it takes about like a good hour and a half to two hours per paint job depending on who the artist is, how detailed we're gonna be and everything like that. Like last night we were cutting it up to the, like, to tip off of getting finished 'cause we were painting it and That was not my fault. And somebody took way longer at the house than they should have. So when you come up, see I have to paint my face every day. Yep. When we're coming up with what we're putting on the chest and the belly, how often do we use the same slogans? How often do we change it up? Never. Oh my God. There is no repeat belly painter. You kidding me? Bad Question. Bad question. We Gotta, we gotta be original every time out the gate.


Always. So it typically, it kind of goes through like a planning process. You know, if I have an idea, I'll do a sketch and then I'll send it to the group sometimes. Or if somebody feels like they're really motivated and they have the perfect idea, which to her credit, na has had some good ones, you know, we'll send it to the group chat, we'll get it talked about, we'll kind of iron it out and then in the moment we can have a perfect idea. But when we start painting, the idea changes, evolves and becomes a whole new thing. Yeah. We, The main point of the sketch is it always has to have nipples. Yeah. So we know where placement goes. Yes. Very important. Wait, how many people are in this group? Text? Nine. Currently. Nine. Now can we list them all? Like, and they're, they're super fan names.


Okay, well you got Matt, Matt's a former storm chaser, the, Like the hype crew for the team. Okay. You Got Devin, another former Storm chaser. You got Josh Thunderhead, the winner of the Ultimate Fan competition. You got Derrick Brickman, Nazy Thunder, Princess Garrett Thunder. You got Arlan who has done like five or six different alter egos throughout the years. You got Gary, which shout out to Gary. This is his first time to really dawn a costume. He's the Caruso lookalike in the crowd. Oh Yes. I like that. Yeah. Do we have any, any sneak peeks of what the belly's gonna look like in the final? Because we're big Caruso fans, so anything Caruso themed we're gonna be automatically drawn to.


I can tell you that. Well See that's the thing. Like Gary being the Caruso lookalike, now he's, he's more famous than I am. I mean it, he gets all the love. We walked Over last night and people were like, Carus Is So is that everyone or is there anyone else? There's Thunder Robb. I was about to say, we gonna forget Thunder. Robb. Can't forget Thunder. Rob. Wait, Alan, did you say had multiple Harlan? Harlan Harlan is a, he's done Thunder doctor. He's done Chewbacca. He's been a store Thunder. Short trooper. Yeah, he's done Thunder claws. He's got, he's got alter egos for days. Oh fuck. What, what is he doing right now? He's Thunder doctor because he's a doctor in real life. He's A real doctor. Oh, he's a neonatologist.


That's awesome. A neonatologist. Yeah. We have a rocket scientist and Neo know neonatologist, a social care worker. I weigh tables, but we got all spectrums here of smarts and talents And we definitely showcase that on and off the court, essentially. I love It. That the group for sure. It's incredible. And what's Brickman, what does he do by day? He's a rocket scientist. Rocket scientist. That's, that's awesome. He Also did, he's also like the most extreme guy you're gonna meet. He is a genius and he is also called Uncle Mental. When he does his bike races, he doesn't, the dude rode his mountain bike through the Iditarod trail in Alaska.


What? Frozen beard. Like icicles and coming out of his nose, everything. It was insane. Crazy. You guys have actual superheroes as super fans. This is awesome. It's pretty crazy. So what, what do you guys do during games? Or do you have a, a thing that you're known for during the games? Like jinxing the foul shooter yelling at, at the opposing coach. What, what's your bread and butter? So for like the playoffs, I work both sides. So I'll go to the opposing, like, they're not gonna get away from me in the playoffs. Yeah. I'm gonna heckle you for the full 48 minutes, 94 feet. Yep, yep, Yep. And so, you know, I run down the stairs, I give them the, I get the belly shakes going on.


Whatever I can do to get their attention. And then once they lock eyes with me, that's when I know I have 'em. If I can get them to smirk laugh, take a second to squint to see what the hell are they looking at. Next thing you know they're missing a free throw. Yeah. And that one missed free throw could change the game. It can change The world. Now does this happen very often? No. There's a small percentage chance, but the fact that there's a chance that I can impact a game, I'm gonna take that and run with it. I love That. So is is there a moment that you remember where you're like, yep, I, that's a win for Thunder? He got It. Oh tons. Yeah. Damien Wilkins, former thunder player was playing for the Hawks on New Year's Eve.


I had like glitter firework paint jobs. That was my on Mym. I've had a ball that I would drop up and down during the free throws. DAMing Wilkins straight up doubles over in laughter and the very next free throw he misses. Oh, love it. Earlier, probably the most recent one that I've, that I've gotten to is Paolo Van Carro because I had like a check versus Paulo Paint job going on and you see him kinda lean forward trying to read the belly and then he is like, oh, okay. And then he goes to shoot the free throw. Miss, I think you guys referenced it during one of your podcasts. You know Chris Caman? Yeah.


Was the first person I ever heckled and I, I was 22. I was nervous. It was my first time being Thunder and I did not stop. I heckled him when he was on the bench. I heckled him when he was shooting Free throws. He threw a towel over his head. You know, I was calling him Chris Caveman. Felt a little, that's probably like the most personal attack I've ever given to somebody That's A personal Attack. I keep it pg. Yeah. I try to keep it pg you know, I try to do just more of the sounds. Getting the attention, doing the distractions. But you know, my apologies. Chris Cayman, for all the missed free throws that you may have experienced, kudos to you for being an NBA player in a, yeah. What about you Thunder Princess? What do you do Dur during the game to get into a Side?


I, when I was full-time, not impartial retirement, I would run down there with Garrett every time And we would switch which side of the goal we'd be standing on. Like he'd be on the left side or I'd be on the right side, then we'd switch. I did a lot of turning on and I would do booty shaking. I always yell, miss it, brick it. I have a real high pitched scream, which is to my advantage in this situation. One time I actually painted my belly too, and it's just a miss on the front and I had it, it on my back. So when I pulled my shirt up, it was like, miss. And then I would be like, shake my booty. And it said it. So Are like, now that we're in the finals here are we, like the stakes are getting up there.


Are you guys, do you guys have some, some plays that you've held back for? Like, Hey, if we go deep here, this is gonna be, we Tried. Okay. Here's the problem guys. I'll be honest, we've tried doing choreographed dancing because Na is a dancer. I, I am not. So, so that's once in a I'll, I'll lose my, I'll lose the movement. I'll forget what I'm doing. But the finals, I do have a secret weapon. His name is Chase Dryden. And he is one of the best belly artist known to man. Oh, he, he is awesome. Look at this. Oh, that's, oh wow. Yeah. Oh my God.


God. And that, that's gonna be a, In the picture. And then, yeah, that's one of his very detailed, I mean he's a, a very again talented artist. We have just talent all over the place here. And so actually the Firehouse Art Gallery in Norman, Oklahoma, they actually did an art show that was called Thunder, the, the Art of Chase Dryden. And so we had all of these belly arts that Chase had done and they had 'em mounted all along the wall and it was, it was a really cool experience. Yeah. I don't know that Indiana or New York can prepare for this. Oh, I know. And I, I look forward, I would like to, you know, welcome in any Indiana or New York Knicks fans to come to Oklahoma City, come hang out with us, let's be friendly, you know, I want to win.


Sure. But I wanna meet some others. I know I'm not the only weirdo out there, you know, I welcome your weird, come get weird with me. Let's live our weird together while we cheer on our teams in the final. Yeah. It's pretty cool. So what, tell me about your origin stories as super fans. How did you get into becoming super fans? Mine is gonna be different. Prior to the Oklahoma City Thunder arriving in 2008, I was not a sports fan. I didn't do ou OSU, we did not have a pro team. And in my mind I never understood being a diehard fan of a city you don't live in or have any connection to.


Of course, everyone was a Dallas fan if you live in Oklahoma because it's the closest or whatever. But I was just like, even when the Hornets came and they spent their two years here, I didn't get attached. I was like, they're gonna leave. Like, what's the point? Then we got the thunder and I thought, okay, I'm gonna go to opening night. The mayor's waving the flag, it looks great. And for the first time I truly felt like our city came together as one. It wasn't OU or OSU, it was everybody in Thunder Blue. And it was amazing. And in that moment I was like, I love this. I saw the advertisement for the Loves Ultimate Thunder fan. I waited, I think almost until the very last week to enter.


And at that time there was only one other female and I wanted to be the most over to the top girly entity. So that's where Thunder Princess came into play. I had a, I have a, all my, all my jerseys are custom glittered. It says 85, guess my birthday. I'm a little older. And so I got my big TRI two two. I used to wear heels every single game. I'm too old for that now. But I wanted to be just this girly, you know, entity that other little girls and girls could look up to and be like, yeah, being a sports pan isn't just for the boys. So that's kind of how I fell into it. And then through the competition, yeah, my bestie And you know, I saw the ad as well. I luckily had bought a $5 knockoff Nacho Libre costume just days earlier before the season started.


So after that very first game, by the next game, I'm, I'm getting all thunder doored up. I took that, that jumpsuit. I had my friend who I, I'm friends with a lot of artists. I went to a university called USAO, the University of Science and Arts of Oklahoma. And so I'm just around all these gifted artists. So I had my friend make like a logo on the chess piece. Another one of my friends who was a cheerleader, I took his megaphone, I wrapped it up and blew an orange tape. And then I just went and got wild and crazy. Yeah. So, and now, you know, being thunder, getting my belly painted pretty regularly. It's just my way to kind of give back to support local artists. Put them, put themselves out there, get their names out there again.


Chase Dryden, great tattoo artist. Great artist, great friend. Yeah. And are there any other super fans in the NBA that that you have to take your hat off to and say, Hey, game respect game. You're doing a great job too, So, absolutely. So I've been wanting to go to all the other arenas and meet all their super fans. Now I'm not made of money, so that's really hard to get to do. But I did have Spurs, Jesus reached out to me in San Antonio and so during rivalry week last year, I got to go out there. We got to, you know, shoot the shit, hang out, have a great time. He did my belly pink for the game. Oh wow. And we just went and had ourselves a really good time. Thunder of course won. So that made it that much sweeter.


But it was still, he's like, he's a friend now who, when the Thunder won the game last night, you know, he is one of the first people texting me saying, you know, congrats big man on going to the finals. So I love it. So I I dig that. I love that. And that's why I welcome, you know, whether it's the Pacers or the Knicks. Come on, super fans. Let's come hang out. Let's kick it in Oklahoma. I'll go to your place. We'll have a good time. Let's, let's do this. Yeah. Alright. I got the toughest question I'm gonna ask you guys. You might know that it's coming, but we've, we've been talking about how great it is watching these games in Oklahoma City because of the t-shirts and everyone puts on the t-shirt. Obviously you've probably heard about Juan Guerra doesn't put on the t-shirt.


I'm not trying to divide Thunder fans, but the guy's gotta put on the t-shirt. Oh, we're winning Big Cat. We're, we're winning. So whatever's working, whatever shirt he wants to wear. Okay. Whether he wants to wear a tutu or that he wants to come in his birthday suit. My, I don't Here as long as the thunder are winning, but I will say the way I fan up isn't the way you're gonna fan up. Okay. It's the way Juan's gonna fan up. We can all fan in our own ways. The biggest thing is we're having a good time and we're there to support the team and win. Okay. So He's just a different kind of super. He is. He's different shirt guy. Yeah. Yeah. D yeah. Different shirt Guy. Yeah. He's a super Fan. Yeah. But, you know, hey, And he's a nice guy.


We've talked to him and I've even said, maybe for me, just wear something with thunder on it. It doesn't have to be the color or the shirt, just anything thunder. 'cause that's also what's super important over the course of these Playoffs and these conference finals. When you look into the crowd of the other team, genuinely, you don't know why those people are even in the building. 'cause they're so, like, especially the Denver series, I felt like nobody was wearing Denver Nugget stuff. Yeah. And it's like, why are you not wearing, why are you not supporting your team? You paid the money to enter the door. Why not? You know, flash. Yeah. I can't explain to you as someone who's, I lived in Oklahoma for 35 years before I moved to Orlando. Seeing Oklahoma on anything is incredible to me.


And now when I see Thunder fans in the wild, like anywhere outside the city or Oklahoma, I approach every single person. And I, and I just think, why not wear it? Why not represent like, it, it thrills me to wear something that says Oklahoma City and OKC every single time. Like, yeah. I yell at every person about it. Like, go thunder, you know, glad to see you out in the wild fellow. Okie. Like, whatever. Even if they're not from Oklahoma. Just great to see that representation all around. And if you're not gonna wear it in your arena, when are you gonna wear it? Yeah, Good point. As you Should. Yeah. Good point. So, congratulations. I, I I can't help but root for you guys. Yeah. It's, thank you. It's very easy to, to get caught up in the action. I hope that you guys have a, a great rest of your postseason and I guess, well, I Mean, the thunder relentless four.


They're inevitable. They just got four more wins to hang that banner baby. Yeah. You guys, you guys are, you guys are what makes sports fun. We love super Fans. So my last question was gonna be, who do you guys have winning the NBA finals? The Oklahoma City Thunder. Okay. All right. Interesting. Yeah, That, that'd be OKC maybe. Yeah. I have one last question. Is there, I know you said Brickman was on a call. Yeah. Can we just see him? Is he on the call with the Brickman outfit on? Let me go get him real quick. Yeah, Yeah. Let's see if you Have him down. I just wanted, or like even Yeah, the rocket scientist Brickman, just even if he stays on the phone, if you could just poke his head in. I just wanna see Brickman. He is here. We had, we had a big thunder band sleepover last night over here at my house.


Love it. I mean, that's a hell of a night to, to win. Oh no, He's, he's bleeding the meeting and he can't walk away This Oh, is he leading it with that Brickman head on? No. Oh, down. Do you want I can show you the brick though. It's, it, I can hoist it up and show you. It Is honor. Yeah. Yeah. I'd like to see the brick. See the brick. I'd like to see the brick. It'd be nice. It, it's Probably a pretty important work call if you're heading a meeting as a rocket scientist. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, you know, it's a lot of math involved anything I hear. So When is Thunder Princess's birthday? It is gonna be September. She's gonna turn 40 this year. All right. Yeah. She's already made a big deal about it, I promise.


Yeah. Don't worry. Hey, Thunder Princess. Oh, look at that. There's the brick, there's the brick, Thunder Princess. We're 85 babies as well, so don't worry. Oh, perfect. Yeah, it's all good. Yeah. Yeah, you're good. I'm September 5th, so Yeah, we're in January. Yeah, Me too. I I'll be 40 in July. Oh, you're, oh, okay. Look at us. Just a bunch of 85 babies fucking crushing life. I love it. Yeah. I mean, we really are living the time of our lives. Yeah. I mean, I, I thunder as much as I can. I seem, I live eight minutes from Epcot, so I just opened Epic Universe last week and I theme park all the time. And it's this environment, it's people like this that helped Yes. Support what I am today. I mean, you don't get this eccentric by being boring and living a boring life.


So we've just made sure that no matter what we do, it's just top levels. Yeah. Yeah. And we go hard for everything. Anyone. It's okay to be weird. Yeah. Yeah. Anyone, it's weird. And if you're enthusiastic about anything in life, I, I think you're an interesting person. I love that. Like, it's just cool to be, to be like, Hey, this is my passion. So you guys are the best. We'll have you back on if you win the championship. All right. Not if sounds great. Well, If wins. Okay. Okay. I Have my royal ways in The Win. All right. I love the Confidence. All right. We'll have you back on when you win the championship, And we, Maybe we'll see you on the float in the parade afterwards. Yes. Or, Or just come to OKC. Yeah. Might have to do that. Yeah, that's true. We have an extra spot if you wanna, if you want somewhere to crash.


Okay. All Right. Appreciate, appreciate you're making a great case for this. Yeah. All right. Thanks guys. Alright. Take care. Thank you. Thanks guys.


Okay. Hot Seat. Cool. Drone is brought to you by our friends at Body Armor. This segment's brought to you by Body Armor Sports Drink. Body Armor has great tasting flavors like strawberry banana, and orange mango with no artificial dyes, flavors or sweeteners in a bold new look with the same great taste. Get your body armor today at Walmart or a local grocery store near you. Body armor. Choose better. We love body armor. Drinking it all the time.


Hank Hot Seat. Cool throw. We're probably gonna talk about a lot of stuff in these Hot Seat cool Throws. Yeah. I got a few. Okay. My first one is idiots that get fooled by clearly fake AI internet videos. Well, That was be my, oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, go ahead. Sorry. Oh, I was thinking of something else because you, yeah. You finished with ai Idiot. You felt you Heard Idiot. That was my fire fest and I'm an idiot. Did you guys see the kangaroo trying to get on the plane? I did See that, yeah. Lot of people got fooled by it. Did you? The emotion, oh, Wait, I didn't tweet it though. It Was the emotional support kangaroo. Yeah. Yeah. Emotional. Yeah. The video said like breaking, like emotional support, kangaroo not allowed on plane. And there was a video of a woman fighting with a, with a agent at like, trying to board the plane with a kangaroo.


Yep. Standing next to her holding the boarding pass. Was this an Australia? Very cute. Very cute. I think it was. Yeah. Well, no, it was nowhere. Yeah. But was it supposed to be Australia? It didn't exist. Now Was was, was this AI or was this a video that was shot in one of those fake airports or fake planes that you can rent out to shoot videos on? The Kangaroo was not then. No, this, there was ai there was no, yeah, there was no real Kang saw. Yeah. I saw emotional support, kangaroo. And I looked at the kangaroo. I was like, that's cute. I'm gonna keep it moving. No chance that this is real. Yeah. He's just, the kangaroo, just quietly standing there, just staring right into the camera. N not doing anything that an a wild animal would do. I've got Mike emotion, Steven 30 Steven.


Right. Emotional support. You forgot that Part. You mean emotional support? Kangaroo. And he, he's, he's holding the ticket. A paper ticket. Old school. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. He likes to get some ink under his fingers. This might be a sequel. Kangaroo Hijack. But this one, a lot of people got fooled by like a lot. Yeah. Yeah. And it's tough. It's, it's, I, you know, I felt their pain. I, I had a thought the other day about ai. I think you remember when they made statue's Too small? No. You remember when they made the, they made the hands all fucked up. And that's how you can tell that it's an AI video. I think that they did that on purpose so that people would be cool with ai because we're like, oh, well it's gonna be so easy to tell what, what AI generated videos are, or pictures because the hands have nine fingers or they're melted together and they look like wax.


That's melted. I think they did that intentionally. So we would be cool with AI knowing that we could tell the difference. And then in reality, they just delete that line of code and they're like, okay, hands are perfect now. Yeah. Now we've got full. Because you can make anything in ai. Don't tell me that you couldn't make a hand look normal. Yeah. I mean, it was, we're we're fucked. Everyone's we're we're totally fucked. I, the only optimistic take that I have for it is that if everything becomes fake face to face-to-face interactions become like gold. And maybe people will start ditching their phones and like having those, you know, that's a good thing. Like if you can't, if you can't tell what's real and, and fake on online, you're gonna eventually just be like, this is exhausting.


I'm just gonna talk to people. How is that good for us? Not us. Not Us. You said Us. Well, humanity, the royal us. Oh, got it. Got it. The World Is Why you invest in my ko AI app. Yeah. That knocks out ai. I like That. Yeah. I mean, I'm, I'm not, we're we're fucked. Everyone's fucked. I'm just saying in like 15 years when we get on the other end of being fucked, maybe there'll be some, a good thing, but it feels like we're fucked. And I don't even believe this. I'm just trying to be, I'm just trying to give you one little sliver of optimism. I mean, it is kind of nice. When, when was, what's the longest that you've gone without looking at your phone in like, the last week being awake?


Probably like four and a half hours. Yeah, that sounds about right. Right. That's interesting. My phone's charging on my desk right now. I've been thinking about it ever since I sat down. Yeah. Yeah. Thinking about your phone. Yeah. When it's up to without you. Yeah. I go like an hour at home. I put my phone down when I'm, when I get home first with like my kids. But yeah, I did a bunch of chores around my house the other day. Took me about two hours and that two hours I felt great, even though I was just doing chores. Yeah. Like the shittiest chores. Picking up dog poop. It's usually, it's usually exactly what Max is describing. 'cause that happened to me last Sunday or whatever. It's like when your phone is out of battery and you have to do something else, so you have to plug it in and walk away. Yeah.


That's really, that's it. The kangaroo was cute though. Yeah. Very cute. Hank, what other hot seats you got? I'm actually changing it to a cool throne. Oh, okay. Stefan Diggs. Oh, cool. Throne. Why? Like, it? 'cause he's, he's, he was in Miami partying. Bunch of chicks had like three girls literally calling him daddy, hugging him. There's another video. Or, you know, they're grinding on him. He's slapping their ass. He's dating Cardi B. Cardi B was on the boat. People are like, oh, you know, Stefan dig is caught. Like Cardi B was, Cardi B was cool with this behavior. Was she cool with it? Yeah, she was on the boat. She's like, in the video, she's on the boat Twerking on him. I, I saw a, I saw a quote from Cardi B about that though.


She said ai, he should know. He should know better. The fact that he didn't realize what was going on around him is embarrassing and she is mad at him. Or I guess that was a quote from somebody close to Cardi b. Cardi has her fair share of relationship issues. She doesn't want it to continue with Stefan now that the video went viral. She's frustrated with him that he would allow that to happen. Can I say something real quick? Cardi B being mad at you is kind of hot. Yeah, very. That is very Hot. So one of the other things in this article was she wishes he wouldn't be a scumbag. No, she doesn't. No, no, she doesn't. Cardi B does, she does not wish that her boyfriend is A smb like the known again.


And, and to me it's like, this is, this is what you want. This is, we talk about it. You know, you want diva wide receivers. You want, this is, this is wide. She one behavior. Hank what was in the thing he was holding? It was a pink substance. Okay. They're calling it Tusi. Okay. I'm, I'm, I don't know what that is. Mm. I do. I think it's like cocaine and Molly and some combination of that. Mm. I think it's like a sex drug. I'm not a drug guy, but I did go to Panama City one time. Mm. Oh yeah. And if you're gonna be a don't do drugs. If you're gonna be addicted to any substance, I can absolutely a hundred percent. See why it would be two C and it would be awesome. Two C Or maybe it was just cocaine for breast cancer awareness.


Yeah. Or pixie dust. The, the sugar Could have been sugar. Yeah. We don't know what was pixie Sticks. Sticks. But he looked excited to be passing it out and she looked excited to be getting it. We Don't know what that is. What is Vrabel upset? Vrabel is upset. He was like, we expect, you know, Patriots plays, but he was at mini camp the next day. And that's where it's like, I think, you know, I don't know, maybe it's like a little, come on, Stefan, don't get, don't get filmed. Come On. This is this type of shit. But as Long as, as long as he can perform, it's like who, like just, you know, people were talking about, you know, Michael Irvine. Like there's, this is, this is not, this is not new behavior for a wide receiver in the off season. Mm. I can definitely see Vrabel being like, yeah, the last year was pretty sweet.


Not having to answer questions like that. It's good. Michael Irvine, the Superbowl winner. Yeah. Three time. Yep. But he was at, he was at camp the next day working out. Okay. Okay. I I So You think it's more like a don't, do you, you think it's more, come on, don't do that. Not A, it's like, Hey, like come on, don't Do that. It's like, don't let, like, be aware of the phones. Yes. Yeah. That's really the problem here. Like's The phone. If, if you don't get filmed, I don't have to answer about it. And we got no issues. And, and, and whatever's in that bag can just keep being in that bag. Yeah. I, I don't, it's partially the phone. He knows how it Goes. It's partially the, the phone who he, but it's also partially not him. It, it's him not carrying that There was a phone there.


I think he knew the phone was there. I think he knew it was being recorded. Yeah. And He was, well he did look like a boss. Yeah. And I think he was just like, oh, whatever. This is fine. That, that is more concerning to me than if somebody like across the boat is zooming in on the alleged twosy and you don't notice it. That's a problem too. But I also think like, knowing the camera was there and being like, yeah, they call me Daddy, what's up? Yeah. Put this online. I think Vrabel would like citizens arrest someone if they pulled out Twosy with him. Take him down right there. Listen, Don't knock it till you try it. That's all I'm gonna say. If it was, If it was, who knows What it is. Is that your Hot Seat Tron? I have another cool drum. Yeah. Go. I'm assuming one of you is gonna do it though. No, go for it. Charlie Woods.


Yeah. I didn't have it. He won a tournament, a stacked tournament. Other best amateurs in the world. He won handily. He won by three strokes. What A beast. I think it was like a tailor made invitational or something. But a future Miles Russell who's like, actually, you know, probably the best young golfer going. He's, he made a couple cuts. I think he made a cut or like finished top five on the Korn Ferry. I think he might've made a cut on a PGA tour event stud. And Charlie Woods smoked him. So that's like a gr that's actually legitimately, like, this is a big win for him. I, I saw he had one, was it the day before he had a, a hilarious scorecard where I think he, that Was the first day he had like two par and everything else was And the Two par were par three.


Yeah. So he just, everything else was either like an eagle birdie or double bogey. I I think He was like two under. Yeah, he was two under with two par. Yeah. It's safe to say the future is now Yeah. In golf. And his name is Charlie Witch. Forget about the Liv Tour. Forget about the PGA. Charlie and Tiger could start their own tour. I'd watch It. Yep. Yeah. Alright. Good job Hank. Thank you. Stay with us. Miles. Russell made PGA tour debut at 15 youngest player to make the Korn Ferry cut. And he was, he he played in a PGA event. Did not make the cut, but Got it. But legit and Charlie Woods smoked him. Charlie Woods over under five and a half career majors Over, over over.


Smash. Easy. Smash it Easy. Scotty, you better win now. Yep. Clock's ticking buddy. Chucky's coming. PFT Your Hot Seat to My Hot Seat is me and Big Cat. Mm. Stones firmly on the Hot Seat. No, stones are great. Why do you all automatically jump to the kidney stone? We, the Model of health have been lifting again. I've been drinking a lot of water. Our penises are great. That's usually what precedes it. So yeah, we're on the Hot Seat because we have been blocked online by Rebecca Roma O'Connell. And I didn't see it coming.


I don't know what we did. I actually checked my dms. I know what you Did. Yeah, we know What we did. I checked my dms. I didn't hit send on the DM because I'm a good guy. What about The words you said on this podcast? That's what we did. Well, that's not a dm. That's not, I, she doesn't listen to this podcast. It's unfair that Sheed used the podcast against us. That's not fair. It got clipped and posted online. These are international waters. Rebecca? It was satire. Were you gonna say Max? I, I disagree. I think that you should respect her and all women in every facet of medium. In every Of medium. Are you saying she's a medium? No. Like a medium. Medium. Like a five outta 10.


Six outta 10. I'm wrong. I think. Okay. Like a, like this is a medium. Is am I using That's the right word. Yeah. I think, I think the way I got there was wrong, but I ended up laying the plane. I think, Well, the, the bottom line is Facet Of media. I think it's a little bit unfair. We haven't met. And I think that's the only way that you can really get to know somebody is to, You're, you're not counting dreams, Is to look not dreams. But we Haven't met in real life. In real life. And the only way you can really judge a person's character if you stare deeply, deeply into their eyes and heart and heart and heart and, and maintain that eye contact for a period of time until you've sufficiently been able to fall in love with them. And I just think that she's not giving us a fair shake.


Yeah. So there's theories out there. Maybe when I said that she was hitting on me when PFTU said you wanted her phone number, someone threw out the theory that she is so attracted to us. She had to block us because she doesn't wanna break up her marriage. That's a Good call. I did DM her. It was all respectful. I sent the dms to Jerry because I was like, Hey, you're accusing me of something I didn't do. Here's my entire dms to her. I said, big fan, hope you're well. All due respect. That's pretty nice, right? That's great. She wrote back, keep it clean. I am serious. You have this bing bong idiot running around the house that's talking about her husband Jerry O'Connell making stupid videos all the time.


All while our driveway is rubble. Don't make me block you bing bong. And I said nothing but respect. But also when we win fantasy this year, the driveway will be fixed. That's a guarantee. That's our entire correspondence. I don't get it. I don't get it. She followed Max and she followed Max. But that felt, you know what that feels? Oh shit. What? I forgot. I said I would crawl through a mile of glass if I could just bottle one of her farts That I didn't actually say that that was a prank. Okay. I more, I Did, I did not say that. I think about it. Say the fact that she followed Max tells me she's just doing that to try to get at us. Yeah.


She's trying to make us jealous. Like that's kind of flirting. That's, that's the most flirting that any of us have done with each other. Is her following Max. She's Putting gum in her hair. Yeah. Okay. Getting us. I'll play that game. Ah, That's good. That's good game. It's kind of, that's how our relationship is. Rebecca Teams'. Rebecca, You gonna DM her Max? Absolutely not. Keep keeping, let's Workshop one right Now. Yeah. Nope. No, you can keep it. I kept it. No dms. I said no dms. I Kept it clean on the dms. She Hamas Obviously not she No, no. Blocked You. She didn't block me. DM is, I DMed her. I want, I want to be able to follow her content. I DMed her a a a two weeks ago. She didn't block us until we said that stuff on the podcast, which again, shouldn't be used against us.


That was just playfulness. And That's just like guys talking. Yeah. We're just playing around. This is how we, this is how we flirt. We're not, not flirt, we were not flirting. But it sounds like she's flirting with, it's like the president of France's wife. Just to give him a little shove in the Face. Yeah. Shove in the face. That's What she's doing to us. Yeah. We're just very, very happy together. I said absolutely. No dms. Okay, Max. I'm a man of my word, max. I am a man of my word. This Is just us doing the podcast now. Yep. You gonna hit Hit What? No. What is, what is that? I don't even know what you're referring to. No, I was talking about softball. Yeah. No, we have a game next week. Are you gonna hit? Yeah, I'm Okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna try my best playing softball.


You gonna smash? I'm, I'm, I'm trying, I'm trying to focus on respect Over here. Okay. No, we're talking, we're talking about softball. Do you think you're gonna get to third base In, in softball? Yeah. Memes. Yeah. He's a long singles guy. Memes make a quote card that says Max confirm gonna hit. No, this is this, this is a lie While talking about softball. This is Fake news media right here. We're being such cock blocks. Listen, I'm just trying to be respectful. I, not everyone on this show is respectful. I am absolutely no dms. I said absolutely no dms. I said I was gonna keep it clean. I'm over here keeping it clean. What if she's though just throwing this out there?


What if she kind of wants you to DM her and now you're not. I am a man of my word. Keeping it clean. Absolutely. No dms. Okay. Would you accept a DM from her? Would you read a DM from her? Would you reply to a DM from her? Because I No, I would not reply You. Would you read it with your eyes? That would be disrespectful. That's, you said you Focus on respect, but it's absolutely no dms. If If a Woman, well then you should block her to make sure that there's no dm. No, because no, because I Blocking her would be a power move. Yeah, that would be, you know what, it'd be down with the boys. We'll go get some pizza together. Fucking put on a movie. We'll put on, you know what? We'll, we'll put on. I mean, Hank's Hank how Hank's not even in the mix on, on this One. Why don't you block her? We'll go get a pizza. We'll put on some Sam Huffy highlights and we'll fucking chill the boys.


Dude, I'm with the boys. I'm gonna, I'm gonna stay, I'm gonna stay unblocked. Wow. Max isn't Down with the boys. You should block her. You really should, dude. Nope. You should block all women. Damn. If you really respected them. Damn Max. I Respect their content. You're not down with the boys. What's your favorite piece of content that she's put out On on X Everything on X. The everything app. Everything's happening on X. Gonna answer the question. Probably her, her blocking you guys is my favorite content. I would've missed that. What's your favorite mo movie or TV show? She's been in X-Men Librarians. Okay. Librarian. The original All. Yep. You know what? He passed the test. He's a Rebecca Roma fan.


We like Rebecca Roma. We, I we'd love to have her on the show. Absolutely. Respectfully be awesome. People are also making fun of me. 'cause I spelled role ROLL and that Ah, Oh yeah. Yeah. Thinking about bread. Yeah. No, I'm Not in a place to judge right now. Yeah. I'm gonna get her back. Yeah. The only way I know I probably am not, But I also spent so much time on this tweet too. I I I proofread it like three times. You and I still, and I still spelled role wrong. You indented your paragraph. Correct. I've Never, I've never seen that on Twitter. I wanted it, I wanted, I thought it was respectful to do that. You put in it didn't Really respectful You. Yeah.


Really respectful. I read, I read it out. I, I read it out loud to my girlfriend, this tweet. MLA Mla formatted a tweet. She was like, I think that sounds good. Max thought. And Dante was how he liked his, his pasta Cook. Oh, alright. You Cool Throw Hey, my Cool Throne is me and Big Cat. Yeah. Cool Throne is me and Big Cat because man, I've been watching some baseball in the last week and there are some absolutely filthy left-handed home run hitters in this next generation that I think that all the kids are excited about seeing. Guys like Ellie De La Cruz, all the kids are excited about seeing guys like James Wood from the Nationals. It's just mashing left and right.


And I personally cannot wait for this year's All-Star game because for the kids, the next generation of superstars is here. What About PCA And PCA and PCA? These are all guys. Yeah. And you know what, maybe, maybe a veteran gets tossed in there from the lefty side. Schwarber put him in the Bryce Harper. Bri probably mostly just Schwarber. Kyle Tucker. Yeah. Yeah. Why not? They usually just do one player from each team. Right? Yeah. True Run derby. True, true. So I think that the future is bright for left-handed superstars in Major league baseball. It is. And I'm just excited. They should actually do like, I can't remember what the competition is called, whatever it is escaping me, but I, it's like one of the ones where they get everyone just like hit over and over the All Star weekend.


They should do that. 25 and under. Yeah. Phenoms. Yeah. Yeah. The Phenoms, the showcase. It's like some kind of, I don't know. It's like who can hit the most over the fence? I can't remember. Oh yeah. The, the Thers game. No, no, No, no. It's like a celebrity Softball. One person goes Up and then they try to hit it over the fence and the next person goes up. I think I just mentioned a second ago, but I'm forgetting what it's called again. Yeah. The, Or maybe Just the Kentucky Derby. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's It. The Kentucky Derby and at the Allstar break, Le maybe just lefties have to be 25 and under. Yeah, true. That's fine. But yeah, these guys are absolutely raking. So the future is bright. Future Is bright. Very bright.


Okay. My Hot Seat. I'm gonna, I I, I wanna throw a take out there. Could even call it my future take of the year. I'm, I'm just gonna throw it out there. We, we, we will do it on the take, but I'll just get ahead of this one. I think NBA free agency comes around July. I think there is going to be an announcement. This will be LeBron James last year. And he's gonna make us suffer through an entire year long thing. He Opted in scumbag. This is gonna be scumbag. He might even A piece of shit. Even he opted in. So he might even, he Opted in for $52 million.


He's a billionaire. He might even do it. He might even do it during the NBA finals. I actually wouldn't be shocked. Yeah. If he does it during the NBA finals. So Why is he a scumbag for opting in? Because He has so much money and he's basically screwing his team for next year when he could have just signed a much more team friendly deal. Yeah. And actually gotten players that could help them win. He does not need, he's not even good enough. He does, he's not good enough for 52 million a year. He could have signed for 30. He's not gonna miss the extra 20 million. I didn't realize he opportunity, they could use the 20 million to actually make their team better. But he doesn't care about that. 'cause he's a selfish piece of Shit. Hank, I I respect the take. I love it. But it's also hard to tell somebody, Hey, you should just not make $30 million. Yeah. But him. But Do you wanna win?


You wanna Win? Like do you wanna win? It's, It's Brady. What'd Brady do? That's What I'm saying. Yeah. Took pay cut. I was, I know I was helping you out there. No, I know. I was, I was trying to get, I was trying to get you to explain it. Oh, got it, got it, got it. I thought you were attacking. No, no, no, no, no. I think this is, I think it's coming. I think it's, it's it's happening. It's happening. Soon. He's gonna announce it. It's gonna be a whole thing. Yeah. I think it's happening. It's definitely happening during the fact. Like It's all, all Relative final. It's hard to turn a 20 million, but like sometimes you get given, you know, $2,000 free be and you're like, I'm just gonna give it to, to the producers because like that that is true. Good point. Relative, relative to everything. Like $2,000 is not as big to you.


So you're like, yeah, I'll, I'll pay it forward. I wanna help the guys. We take care of the boys. Yes. Yeah. This year, this year's Allstar game in LA I think it's gonna be, it's technically the Clipper's Allstar game, but it's in la. He can Have that move All the stars. This is gonna be it. He's going to now I didn't know he opted in. It's gonna be maybe during the finals trying to take it. The only, that's, that's MyFu that's my future take of the year. The only thing I could think that would happen would be he, he does this last year. It's a one year opt in. Yeah. Yes. And then he goes back to Cleveland at the end. I could see him doing that too. Maybe. Maybe. But that's gonna be a, it's gonna be a long year. Yeah, it's gonna be a long year. Alright, my cool tomorrow.


What about Bryce? Oh yeah, Bryce. I don't know if Bryce is good enough. What? What you gonna say that? Does that matter? Bryce Harper? No, Bryce Maximus. Bryce, his other son. I got a couple Cool Thrones. The first is Max Homer The Sixers. Mm Oh yeah. Max Homer's back fully back. Did you see? So the rehearsal's obviously been going around. Great show. Na Nathan Fielder. Did you see that on I I haven't watched A show. Okay. This isn't about that. Well it is, it's about the first season, I guess. Second season as well. Someone on the Sixers read it, said they, the Sixers should do the rehearsal with Ben Simmons.


So here's what the person wrote was thinking about what a strange career Ben Simmons has had and if there's any chance he turns back into the player he once was. I also been watching the rehearsal on HBO with Nathan Fielder. And in the show he creates mock situations for people to overcome their fears. This often includes hiring actors, building full sets. The current season revolves around airplane pilots. What if the Sixers did this with Ben? We bring Ben back and build a mock Wells Fargo center full with paid actor fans, actors as commentators rest and players. Then we have Ben make the infamous past up dunk on the Hawks actors and overcome his fear. That's Not a bad Idea. Then boom, we get all star Ben against still in his prime at age 28. That's Not a bad idea.


It's a pretty good Idea. Nathan Fielder could, he could pull this Off. I think it, I think he might be back if they could get him to do it. A million percent. One problem. What? I think he hates Philadelphia. And Philadelphia Hates him. Him, But That's the whole point. But this is a way to, to heal. He makes the dunk and then everyone's like, holy shit. The Sixers, Ben Simmons did it. I think since it's a two-way problem, it's not just Ben Simmons problem. 'cause the city is not in a good place with him. Nathan needs to also have a Ben Simmons lookalike that just walks around town all the time until he gets like a hundred percent happiness. So you guys have to put in the work too. I, I have something to say. What? I feel like this is like a relationship where like it was a really, really, really toxic, bad relationship as it was going on.


But it was Fun. It was so hot. And then you broke up and then like years later Yeah. You was thinking about her. Neither, neither person is, is really finding happiness in their new relationships. So they're like, let me maybe go back to that really bad toxic one and then that like never actually works. Doesn't, Are you talking about you and Rebecca Romaine? I'm not talking about me. And Rebecca Roma me. That, that, that is a friend of mine and I respect, I respect her work. I feel like it has worked though in the past. I feel like it, that doesn't work. He's, I think he might be right that it doesn't really work. Yeah. But it might this time. But like Philadelphia hated Ben Simmons and Ben Simmons hated Philadelphia.


And there were some who Started very mean things Max. Be honest with me. Me Be honest. I started it. Who started it? Philly fans. The fans Did. He was very, he was very honest about that. We were Very, the fans were very, very mean to Ben Simmons. Yeah, for Sure. Is there anything that you would take back? No. He was, he was a piece of shit for a lot of the things that he did. But you said that you started Yeah, no, I I did You take Back starting it. You, you, you only get to live life once. I think. I think you guys just need to say I'm sorry. Yeah. Have you tried that? Say sorry. Is it too late to say? I'm sorry. I think it's too late to say that we're sorry.


Okay. Instead, I hope I Yeah, yeah, you're thinking about it. I don't really have anything to say towards Ben Ben Simmons. I don't wanna say anything negative towards the man. I certainly don't wanna say anything positive towards the man. Okay, that's fair. Fair. But that's, that's kind of progress, Ben. Yeah, no, that's progress for Sure. If Ben Simmons was on fire, would you pour water on him? Put him out? How much water You have? Like could I, could I Full two buckets of water. Am I having like a choice of like, using that water for something else or putting it on him? Yeah, You could drink it later. It's, if he got thirsty, Could I get maybe like, donate that water to someone in Need? No, the Alright. Ben Simmons. Ben Simmons on fire burning. Yeah.


Ben Simmons is on fire. You have one big pot of water. You also have a bunch of pasta and that's the only way you can cook it. And you're hungry and you're hungry. You're a hungry boy. I could probably go, I, I could probably use half the water for, I, I, I would give him, I give him half a bucket and keep the other half of the Coffee. Okay. So which half of his body would you put out? I, I would just probably his face. Okay. He'd keep his face Nice. Keeps his face. Alright. My other cool throne. This is progress. This is good Mother. Cool Throne is Hank and all the perverts like Hank. 'cause Sydney Sweeney is selling 5,000 bars of soap that contain drops of her own bath water.


That's nice. Brilliant Marketing. It is brilliant marketing. You should DM her. You Should DM her. Oh, DM her again. How much did they cost? Wait, when was the last time we Made you dm? Oh no, that was J-Lo. Oh, you know, it's j How Much does the soap cost? I don't know. Is it up for auction? Well, smart marketing though. 'cause everyone obviously quotes you instantly. Oh, Thomas. Yeah. Like, I want it. So, congrats Hank. So it's made With her bath Water. The soap has a drop of her bath water in it. How long was she in the bath? Was there? I wanna know more about this product. I wanna know You need the stats. I need the stat stats. You're you're looking at the back of the car. I'm look, I am. You wanna see what the stats are in the back of The car? Has, has the soap been graded?


Oh yeah. Reel's gonna definitely get involved. Oh, he's, yes. He's gonna do lines of it. Like it's twosy. Yeah. How many fire fest do you have? What? How many fire fest do you have? Did we miss one? Why? I thought, I thought you were going another way with perverts. Like Hank. Oh no. I only have one fire fest. Hank, I have a question. Yeah. Is there another way that you might be a pervert? No. Like the way where you're like, Hank, admit to a crime now you're like, Hank. No. Like people you know, like me that hate, like, I thought you were gonna talk about how the ice cream machine's just never gonna Go up. Oh, no, no. That you could talk about that. Yeah. Yeah. But it will What'd you, What, what'd you report on the show last week? I, You know what?


Because we're gonna do fire Fest with a member of the cream team, so, so he can maybe true, you know, answer some of this. True, true. Alright, let's get to our interviews. We got Greg Olsen. We got Zach LaVine, and then on Fyre Fest we will have Zach from the cream team who also went to Indianapolis with memes for game four. So we'll get a recap of that as well. New PMTV coming out this afternoon. Alright, let's get to Greg Olsen.


Okay. Before we get to Greg Olsen, we are brought to you by truly, truly unruly lemonade. Look at this. I got it right here. The punched up pineapple. Truly unruly lemonade combines the high alk, fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite. Lemonade. Lemonade let loose 8% A BV 100% delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors bump in blue. RAs OG original lemonade punched up pineapple and wild pink wild pink's my personal favorite. We got 'em here. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. It's about to be summertime. It's about to be truly unruly Lemonade time. So go check it out. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly. We love truly unruly. Hank, what do you got there? You got the punched up pineapple. I got the punch up pineapple. It's the best. Yes. My favorite. Truly unruly lemonade. Yes. So pf you got it as well. Permission. Permission. Crack it. Permission granted. Oh, that sound is so good. Love. I think. Except, there you go. We love truly unruly. We love the truly unruly lemonade. High elk fun. A truly unruly with everyone's favorite. A lemonade, 8% A BV. 100% delicious. Go get your truly unruly lemonade today and level up your lemonade with truly unruly.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Gametime. Gametime Football is back the 2025 NFL schedule is out. And the only place you should be getting your tickets is Gametime, the official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports. Hank, why don't you look up a game week one game, just any week one game, you're, you're looking at. We're planning our football schedule with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NFL tickets. Gametime makes scoring NFL tickets faster and easier. They have exclusive discounts and you can find seats for as low as $100. The Gametime guarantee means you can trust, you'll get a hundred percent authentic NFL tickets on time and for the best price plus fees are always included. So what you see is what you'll pay. We're looking at tickets. Hank, what do you got? Listen, If you're a real football fiend, you're ready, ready for ball to come back. You can go to the commanders at Patriots. See the lighthouse preseason game one oh and you can get in for under 50 bucks. I'm looking at tickets right now for $44. Guess the spread on that I got, I got Patriots two and a half. Gametime is the best. Yeah, Gametime is the best. We sent memes, which we'll get to a recap of their trip to Indianapolis during Fire Fest. Nick's Pacers game. We use Gametime. So what are you waiting for? Go buy those commanders Patriots Week one of the preseason tickets. Now with Gametime, take the guesswork outta buying NFL tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account and use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account redeem code pm MT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it, Gametime?


Okay, here he is our good friend Greg Olsen. Okay, We now welcome on a very, very, very, very special guest and also a very close friend. It is Emmy winning, Emmy winning and Emmy nominated. Again, it's Greg Olsen, our good friend. Greg, great to have you on tight end. You is coming up again June 23rd to 25th. I did. I I don't wanna have this be the entire interview being us sucking your dick, although we do love you very much and you've been ride or die since day one. But I would like to suck your dick for a little bit, if that's okay. Yeah, great. Okay. We have all the time. It doesn't usually take that long.


Okay. Alright. So, so tight end u has started the, the arrow pointing up for tight ends. You had our good friend George Kittle get a $19 million a year contract. I looked it up 14 tight ends next year are making $10 million or more. And I believe this was the first year I, I didn't go back like all the way to like, you know, 50 years ago, but this is the first year that I could find that two tight ends were drafted in the top 14 of the NFL draft with Colson Loveland and Tyler Warren. Tight ends are on the up and up and I think it's all credit to you guys at tight end.


You Listen, I I I think, I think it'd be impossible to not see the correlation, right? I I think in the last five years, the position just continues to ascend. I think obviously from a financial standpoint, I think what, what I'm learning now is instead of us raising all this, what, you know, we have all these sponsors paying for all these guys. I feel like these guys should kind of pay us back. I mean, we, we should get like a cut, like an agent fee. Tight end u should get an agent fee of every new contract signed post 2021, which is year one of TEU. Like I, I feel like you pay your trainer, you pay your agent, you pay your marketing guy, your nutritionist, your chef, all these people that you say help elevate your career.


Yet we are paying the guys to elevate their career and don't get anything in return. I, It's almost Like you're being taken Advantage of. Yeah, you're right. It feels a lot like that. You, Well also you do a great job of getting quarterbacks a lot of times, like backup quarterbacks will come to TEU and then they end up getting a chance to start and then they get paid. Yeah. Yeah. Donald, I mean, do we get a cut of Darn, he was at TEU last year. Do we get a cut of his check? Right? I I I would say absolutely. And then you also should like, you should get a cut of their check and then you should also give money to any like, podcasts that have you guys on True. To talk about tight NU That, that that's, that's like in, what is it?


Like inception? Shit. Yeah, that's like next level. Yeah. I think we just, you gotta just continue to pay the machine down the pipeline because without the, without the base, like without people like you putting this out there, there is no $19 million contract by George Kittle because there is no TEU there is no lessons, there is no improvement because no one knows about the event. There's no Bud Light, there's no dude wipes, there's no Jersey mics, there's no new era, there's no sponsors. It all goes hand in hand. Yeah, I would say that there's no tight end. Yeah. Like the position, there's no football at this point. The position would be extinct and we'd be all we playing, you know, flag football with, with guys, you know, four, four receivers out wide.


Do you have two running back Backs? Yeah, we're in 10 pers Yeah, we're in 10 personnel one back. Yeah. So I think we figured it out that we all just need, it's trickled down economics. I think that worked well, right? Yeah, It does. I, yeah, We're in a great spot right now. We're in a great spot. Well, I appreciate you guys saying that. You guys have been a big supporter of T eeu from when it was just a random idea that George threw out there to me when I retired. And then here we are now in year five and we're gonna have like 85 guys down in Nashville. And I think what's cool, and you guys know this is like part of the, the appeal of the position is a lot of the guys, like, even though there are a lot of superstars in Kittle and Kelsey and whatnot, they're still just kind of like dudes, right?


Yeah. They're just kind of like regular guys who wanna work out. They want to train, they wanna go drink a beer, a Bud Light at the bar, and they wanna like hang. So I think there's like the culture and vibe, like the fraternity component of the position. And then to your point, like the position continues to be elevated and it continues to, you know, be talked about more than just the former converted quarterback and the former converted defensive end and the, the slow white guy who used to play receiver and now he can only play tight end like 20 years ago. That was a lot of the position, not all of them, but those days are over. Like guys are now spending their entire lives training to be professional tight ends. And when I was coming up the ranks of a high school college kid, that wasn't the case.


Yeah, Yeah. Do you guys, do you guys do things like invite coordinators or who's out there that like running the, the, the play calls and, and the setup of what kind of offense you're actually gonna be putting these guys through? Because I feel like that would be a good addition too, right? Yeah. So we have to be careful. We can't have current coaches. So it's the dead period of the NFL. So there are some rules. The NFL stipulates, like coaches can't be in contact on the field with their players and whatnot. So it gets a little dicey. Like we do it at a college because we couldn't do it at the Titans facility. We couldn't do it in Chicago at the Bears facility. So we gotta find another really cool venue. We'll see if there's any of those. So like, we couldn't do it at stuff like that, but we run it, you know, and, and I don't do any of the drills, you know, I try to keep us on track.


They kind of joke with me and they call me dad because I'm the one like yelling at Kittle and George and Travis like, we need you back here. We got this drill, you're running this station. And you know, so we're trying to keep the trains on the track, but you know, we just kind of do it ourselves. We've been to a lot of practices, we've been to a lot of meetings. We know what we're trying to get accomplished. And then in real time we do the best that we can to stay on track and sometimes we kind of go haywire and just improvise. But yeah, we don't have any coaches. We, we do it all. It's tight end teaching tight ends. And when Kelsey's demonstrating a drill with kiddo, there's two undrafted guys that have never stepped foot on an NFL field that dreams are just to make a roster.


They're the next guy in line right behind them. So like that's a really cool kind of synergy that goes on is they're all for these three days. Everyone's kind of the same and everyone's working towards what's that next step on the ladder. And it's very different for every guy. RU should get involved at some point. Yeah. I I don't like that they call you dad. You just turned 40. We just turned 40. How does 40 feel for you? Any kidney stones? I mean, our bodies are breaking down, But why can we talk? Yeah. Why are you getting so many kidney stones? I think it's just being a man. Yeah. Do you drink, like do you drink enough water? Probably not. Probably eat too many wings. Yeah. I would say probably the hefty amount, maybe 15 ga days of gumbo in a row. Yeah.


Might have something to do with it. With the sodium That Yeah, a lot of, so there's a lot of sodium and gumbo, but it's so delicious. Yeah. So wait, how are you feeling at 40 though? Because like, you know, we're kind of similar, like our bodies have taken a beating. Yeah, right. Podcasting, playing in the NFL kind of same thing. I would say it's a mixed bag. I would say, you know, guys like us that have been through what we've been through, I think we're feeling similar things. You know, there's some days where I wake up and I feel great and there's some days where I wake up and I can't stand up because my back is in a full spasm. And literally the day before all I did was like, walk around the house and walk up the stairs. I didn't do anything overly active.


So I haven't quite figured out like why some days are better than others. I have made like a conscious effort. I'm not perfect, but like Monday through Friday, like I can't go to the men's grill at the club every day and meet my buddies for lunch after golf and like have two beers because that's 10. So like, I try not to have any beers during the week. I try not to eat. So I try to make like subtle things, but I wouldn't say I'm in fighting shape. I wouldn't say I'm in terrible shape. I'm probably 10 pounds overweight of where I need to be. Same. Yeah. So I, I could probably lose 10, I could probably be a little bit more active. I'm terrified of rupturing my Achilles. Oh Yeah. It's, it's my greatest fear in my life.


And you, you know what's weird is like, that's one of those things like, you gotta like build back up your lower body strength and your ability to like jump and run and do all that. But it's like a slow build. But I'm so terrified of even starting that journey because I don't want to tear my achilles trying to prep my Achilles For more workouts Right. Than I just do nothing. Right. Right. Like, I can't even get started. So that, I would say that's my, that's a big fear I have of not like playing men's league basketball or back to playing tennis and stuff like that. It, The Achilles thing is so funny because I like when we play hoops here, I am afraid to stretch my Achilles. 'cause I think I'll tear my Achilles, stretching my Achilles.


So then I don't stretch my Achilles. And then you play the whole game scared you're gonna pop your Achilles. Yeah. You Take One. That's what I go through. Yes. You take one step in the morning and your heel kind of hurts and you think to yourself, I better not do anything active today because this is the day and I know exactly. And I know like 10 guys around town that have popped their Achilles. And then I try to like rationalize with myself like I'm in better shape than them. Like I've done more, but then I also am like, but I've done a lot more, right? Like my body's so like, I kind of talk myself in circles. So then I end up like driving a golf cart to play nine holes and then go sit in a men's grill and have a burger and a Arnold Palmer iced tea. And like, I didn't have a beer.


So that was a good day. Yeah. Yeah. Do you find yourself struggling to do cardio? That, for me, that's the big one. It's like, I Can't, I hate cardio. If you're not playing a sport, then it sucks. If I'm playing a sport, then I can run. But just to run, just to run, it's just, it, it's the worst thing ever. I can't, I, I it's, and it's not physically that I can't, my a DD and attention span is so bad. I'll be, you know, I'll be like, all right, I'm gonna go walk on the treadmill for 20 minutes on an incline. I have like a little weighted vest and I'll get a good sweat. I'll be walking, I'll have a podcast in or a mu you know, whatever, listen to music, whatever. And I'll look down. I'll be like, that had to be like six or seven minutes. I'm at like 45 seconds.


Yep. Yeah. I'm like, I can't do this. Like, I can't. I turn it off and I go sit in the sauna and I'm like, yep. I walked out with a great sweat. That's An exercise too. My Heart. Yeah. Yeah, my heart rate was elevated. I didn't pop my achilles. I got a good sweat. I'll shower and I'll chalk that as a win. But no, I, I could, I I, us 40 year olds, we all kind of get it. Yeah. Just guys talking 40. All right. I got a, I got one more dick sucking thing and it will lead to a bigger question about the NFL season coming up, which we're excited for. I was thinking about it and I, I wanna give you credit for the way you handled the whole, going from one to two, also no big deal, but you got eman a, you got nominated for an Emmy as the number two, no big deal.


But that's pretty cool. And you also won an Emmy last year, I believe, but I, I feel like most people would just give cliche answers all the time. And you saying like, no, I want to, I want to be number one again. I want to call the big games. I wanna be back there. I appreciate that because I think a lot of people just do the nice thing and they say, oh yeah, I'm cool with it. I'm just happy. So lucky to have a job. It's like, no, no, I'm competitive. I want to do it. So credit to you. I've always loved the way you've approached it. What time in the summer are you gonna start doing? Like, do you do research and maybe we could talk a little 2025 ball. 'cause we're just, we're, I'm at the point of the summer where I'm like, I can't wait for football 99 days. 99 Days. So do you have maybe some, some thought early thoughts that you want to, we we can toss around and talks a ball?


Well, I appreciate the comment. I appreciate the compliment. It means a lot. Yeah. And I've been very adamant about where I stand and I'm also, and again, it doesn't always come through with headlines. I don't know if you guys are familiar with that, but like, sometimes the headlines don't always match the story. Something new that people are doing. You guys should try it. But I say all of that, like, I always make sure I'm very clear where my personal aspirations to, you know, continue to ascend in this industry and to get back to calling those games are completely independent of like, Tom and I, like we've hung out personally. Like we've, we talk on the phone, we keep in touch. He sent a cool video for my youth football team as like a warm up to the season, like go kick their ass thing.


Like we talk about raising teenage daughters, we've gone and played golf together. We hung out down in The Bahamas at a little retreat. Like we've gotten to be very good friends and a very personal level since he's joined. Fox, like me and him have been in the same room a lot together and hung out together in groups. The two. So like there's, there's this idea that there's this like personal animosity and competition. There's not, my relationship with Tom and Fox and Joe Davis and Burkhart and all, and all my people at Fox couldn't be better on the other parallel line to that. Like, yes, I wanna ascend in the industry. Yeah. And I'm sure Joe Davis wants to call Super Bowls as well. It doesn't mean he doesn't like Burkhart and still wanted and so forth.


So there, I think any motivated guy, like you want to be the best at what you do and that is not a knock on the people that are ahead of you currently. That's just how I've always been wired. So I appreciate you saying that. And then, yeah, I would love to talk ball. I I'd love to talk bears. Yeah, I think the Bears are super fun. I'm selfishly hoping the Bears are really good. Not because we root for teams, but because sometimes it's fun to root for a city. Like I, we didn't call any Bears games last year, right? Like our crew, we should be calling noon kickoffs in Chicago. Especially in that division all year long. Like that should be a no-brainer. Early window Fox Game, bears, lions, bears, Vikings, bears Pack.


Like we should be calling all those Bears games. I didn't call one Bears game last year. Like, we need Chicago to be good. Yes, I agree. So, alright, so last thing on that, I I just loved, I love what you just said there because it is the truth. Like, I think there's this weird thing that's happened in media where people can't be aspirational and they can't say, Hey, I want to be the best. And that comes across as cocky. It's the opposite. You're literally just saying, yeah, I'm in this to be the best. I want to get back to the best. So as for the Bears and Colson Loveland, what have you seen from Ben Johnson and what he does with the tight end position and how does that fit with Colson Loveland? Yeah, so I mean, I, I'm a huge, Ben Johnson was the guy for that job. And I know there was a lot of speculation about it was gonna go a couple directions and was Ben Johnson gonna end up in, in Vegas with the Raiders?


And there was a lot of rumor and speculation from the jump. Everything Chicago has done the last couple years, and it hasn't all been perfect and it hasn't all been right, but the pieces they had, the environment in which Ben Johnson was walking into, I thought Chicago had the most built in wins based on their current. So like I always judge coaching jobs guys by like, alright, if just someone that knows what they're doing takes over and it's an offensive guy because the offense stinks, or a defensive guy, whatever, someone just gets the current group of guys organized and brings out the best in all of them. I'm not even saying we bring in a million new players. How many wins are there just built into that roster?


I thought Chicago had the biggest spread. I thought just the development of Caleb Williams, r Dunay and DJ Moore. They had Cole Mette, now they draft Loveland, they continue to invest in the offensive line, although that still could get better. Like all of a sudden now with Ben Johnson pulling the strings, like that's a real offense. They've made serious investment into the defensive side of the ball for agents drafts over the last couple years. Like, I'm not saying they're gonna be the best defense in league, but that balance of offense and defense with Ben Johnson and his system put in place, there's three or four wins built into that roster like that. Yeah. So I, I I, that's how I view it. And now a lot of other things, health injury, acquisition of new talent, there's a lot going on.


But Ben Johnson to me was the bell of the ball. He was the coach that everyone wanted for multiple years. He was very picky. It tells me that he thinks the Bears are the same thing because he had the opportunity to take a lot of jobs over the last couple years and he took Chicago and that wasn't an accident. And what you just said is actually kind of what PFT went through last year where Dan Quinn comes in and it's like Dan Quinn, just he or he's be, he's better than an organizer, but the, the, the floor rises up when you get a competent head coach who knows how, what he's doing in a day in day out basis. And I think our roster was much worse than Chicago's roster is right now going into last season. Oh. Like we had to get a bunch of one year rentals off the street and it was like, okay, you Talking about Detroit?


No, no, I'm talking about in, in, in DC Dan Quinn. Oh, oh Yeah. In Washington. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, Dan, I'm sorry. I thought you said Dan Campbell. I'm sorry. I was Oh yeah, yeah. No, he's another good example though where yeah, the culture and and organizing guys. Oh no dq. No dq. Oh that's the perfect example. And I would, yes. Washington's roster compared to last year compared to the Bears roster this year. I agree. At least on paper the Bears roster is significantly, maybe not significant is better. But you can't put what Jane Daniels did. Like it's, I don't know if we could expect anyone, if Caleb Williams is Jane Daniels, then the Bears are gonna Yeah. You Know? Yeah. They're as good as anybody. So like that's the caveat to all that, like for that roster.


And Dan Quinn was awesome and Kingsbury was awesome. Jade and Daniels had arguably the greatest rookie season of any quarterback in history. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's pretty cool. Yeah, it's pretty, pretty fun to watch. So going through the young tight ends that you have right now in the NFL and you're not allowed to say Brock Bauers for this, besides Brock, who is the best young titan that we should keep our eye on? Yeah, I would've said Brock. Yeah. Yeah. That good answer. That Would've been cheating. That's, yeah, that's a tough caveat. Ah, that's a good question. Good question. I like La Porta. I like La Porta. I think Laporta is really good. I think what's cool about La Porta is that he, he's not like, he's not Brock Bowers, he is not, you know, the Kelsey where he is like so flashy and you put on the tape and you're like, holy shit, this guy's so fast.


Oh my God, this guy runs the best routes. Oh my God, this guy is dumping people in the run game on his back. Which maybe is why I appreciate it. 'cause that was never me either. But like every time you watch Laporta do something, you're like, he's really good at that. Right. He's really good at that. He's like, he's really good at everything. Hence why he plays in that system and why Ben Johnson was able to do what they did with him. And he never has to come off the field because he's not a liability in the pass game. Yeah. I mean, he is not a liability in the run game. He's not a liability when they ask him a couple times a game to pass pro, he can win on third downs, he can win on all the play action stuff where they kind of script him open. He can do all of it good enough that he can stay on the field the whole time.


And that's where you really see the value of these guys because they don't come off. So their volume of opportunity goes up. So I really like Laporta. I I think we have a great, you know, young generation of guys coming up behind the kettles and the Kels of the world that I think the position of tight end is as strong, if not stronger than it's been maybe ever. Yeah. We should talk about Brock though, because I don't, I don't wanna completely glos. He's over, he's amazing. He's obviously the, the number one answer to that question. But what was it about his rookie year? What did he do that was so special that you haven't seen from other players? Man, it, you know, I remember the first time I watched him play and you saw a six five white guy playing in the SEC running through the secondary and nobody was catching him.


Like, that is just unique to be that tall, that long, super linear in that conference and you look like the fastest guy on the field. And I, he, I think he was only maybe a freshman or maybe a red shirt freshman, whatever it was. He was young. And I remember thinking to myself like, if he was able to come out of the draft as a, as a, after his second year, like he, you didn't have to stay for his third year. If he was able to leave as a, whether it was a sophomore or registered freshman, whatever it was, he would've been a top 10 pick. Like he was that good. You're gonna make an argument. Him and Marvin Harrison, Jr. Were the best two, two of the best prospects in the draft. And they, neither one of them could come out two years ago. Hmm. So like, or three years ago, whatever it was.


So he's uniquely talented. I think he went into an interesting situation where even though the team wasn't very good, there is like a volume of opportunity chances when you're playing on a team that is, is losing where you're throwing the ball for four quarters because you're always playing catch up. There's so many opportunities in the passing game. You might not have a lot of other weapons. So they're gonna design, design the system to go through you. I'll be interested to see how that plays out now with the new regime. And Pete Carroll and Gino loves his tight ends, but like they are gonna run the ball. They are gonna be under center two back. Like, it's gonna be a little bit of a different aspect than what he was used to last year.


But as f is just a talent, I've said, I think he's the best tight end prospect to come out of the draft in the last 10 years, 10, 15 years. Like, and his rookie year matched it, if not exceeded it, which was pretty incredible. Yeah. His rookie year was incredible, especially given the fact that the Raiders were kind of, you know, lost a little bit with, with their quarterback situation and the talent on the roster. I got a question about tight ends. I, how much wiggle does a tight end need? And is there such a thing as too much wiggle for a tight end? Because you're slot receiver, you want a lot of wiggle. Yeah. And you'd see, so My wiggle, you're talking like, like weaving getting in outta your break. Yeah. A little shake, a little shimmy.


Yeah. A Little bit of that where it's like you don't want to give up too much. You don't wanna have too much wiggle. 'cause then you might not be great at blocking, but you also can't be, you know, you've see, you see sometimes tight ends Yeah. Or players on the field. They have a stiffness to 'em that you're like, all right, that's not gonna work in the NFL. Yeah. So like, and, and no, you're right. And that's why, you know, the top, top guys over the last couple years, you know, the last call it 10 years, they're, they're unique. And now we're seeing more and more of the body types that can handle both the run game stuff and be effective in the passing game stuff. We're seeing more and more of the 6 4, 6 5 guy who in years past was a quarterback, a defensive end, a basketball player who now, instead of just joining tight end late into the game and being like a project, we're seeing them now, they've played their entire life at the position.


So they're just so much more advanced than maybe they were in years past. I think to your point though, there is a little bit of a fine line unless you're just your kittle. Yeah. Right. Where you're so strong in the running game and you can hold your own, but you're only 250 pounds maybe soaking wet. He's probably closer to the high two forties, which is not very big. When I came into the league, if you weren't 2 60, 2 65, you were looked at as like a little tight end. Nowadays a lot of these guys are in the forties and they're just so strong and their technique and their toughness, they can get by hanging in the run game. There's a willingness and a want to, but to, you know, you always say like a guy's light in the ass.


Like there's some guys that are a little light in the ass where they can get in and outta brakes and they're super fluid and they can run those choice routes and those option routes and they can sink their hips and they can drop their weight. And that allows them to get in and out. Like a, like more of like an Edelman and a slot receiver type guy. It's hard to do that at six five. Right? Right. Your center of gravity is so much higher, your legs are longer. You're a lot, you're more like linear built. And that's why what Kelsey does, again, we're talking about historically great players is so unique because he is six five but can drop and can sink his hips. So it, it's hard to find those guys. But yeah, you can be too light in the ass, which means like you just got no anchor.


Like you can't just stick your hips into the ground and hold your, you might not drive the guy back, but you're gonna hold your ground and at least tie those guys are gonna be the guys that are only in the game on passing downs. Right. And they're not gonna be three down guys because you have to at least be able to be competitive. If I'm gonna play you in first and second down nowadays, I can't only have you in the game to run routes. Like it's just, it's virtually impossible to play that style. In most NFL offenses there's a few, but in most of 'em you can't. Yeah. At TEU do have conversations with some of those guys, maybe the ones that are light in the ass, they look like they can't hold up and run support. And do you suggest to them maybe get number 88 or number 89, maybe you don't get like a teen number.


Smart. And then the ones that are kind of big and bulky, you're like, you should try to wear number 11. Smart. Yeah. I think what number you wear is critical because I think sometimes like trick like fake it till you make it. Yeah. So I think like oftentimes getting, if you're a slight guy getting a boxier 80 eight's a great example. I wish I would've thought of that. I would've gone a little more slimming, but a little bit more boxy. It makes the, at least everyone thinks like, all right, this guy can sink his hips and he can strike and he can hold his ground. And then maybe you're a little heavier a little later in your career, maybe you can slim down number wise. I think that's smart. Yeah. Yeah. We might build, we might build that in. Yeah. You see high eighties, you're like, that's tight End.


Yeah. And I think it also would help them personally. They'd see themselves in the mirror and they'd see pictures wearing number 88. And it's like you, first you see it, then you believe it. Yeah. Then you do it. Yeah. That's smart. I, there's, so it's like that, it's like the scene in, in cool runnings, right? When the guy's like, look in the mirror and tell me what you see. Like he's like, he's talking himself in to go fight the guy in the bar. I see pride, I see power. Like it's kind of the same idea. Like, I see an eight and an eight, I'm a damn tight end and I'm gonna go fucking hit you in the face. Like, Yeah, listen, That's real. We might be onto So Is real. Yeah. We, we've talked about someday maybe doing a course at TU about the media, but we could also throw in like how important is picking a number and what you have to go through.


We absolutely really smart because we, we know, you know what a fast number is, you know what a slow number is, you know what a blocking number is, you can just feel it. So we we're, we're more than willing to do that. What are your guys' thoughts on the number zero? Hate it. It's, Unless here's the one exception, if it's like a scat back Yeah. If it's like a Darren, oh, a a Turner. Darren, Darren Spross. Yep. Who's the best number zero in the NFL right now? Like I know Brian Burns wears number zero. I know. I think Miles Sanders for the, for the Panthers. Does he wear number zero or somebody on the Panthers? I I know Panthers have a zero there. Like, I'm so bad at numbers. Super. Yeah. Yeah. So am I, I mean, I'm making this up as I go.


I'm just trying to think. Like I don't, my, my first gut reaction to number zero is I hate it. Oh Look, Deandre Swift Zero, he Used to wear Yeah, he used to wear zero with the Braxton Barrios. Yeah. Calvin Ridley. Yeah. I think you gotta be like a a, I think if you wear number zero, you have to, you have to be like, Hey, I'm good for like three punt or kickoff returns a year for a touchdown. Like you can't, that's like comes with it. Yeah, Yeah. You know? Yeah. You can't just be like a guy, right. Like, you can't just be like, oh yeah, he's a good player. Like, I think to wear a number like that, you need to be like, I'm just the baddest dude on the block and there's nothing you can do about it.


Like, I'm Justin Jefferson. Yeah. I also think Quan I think wears zero for the Ravens Quan. He Didn't For the Bear's a good one. And that's, that's terrifying. Yeah, he's good because he is like zero. You have to have speed. It has to be like, like speed that's gonna fuck you up. Whether it be in the kick return or a linebacker just fucking going through the, you know, middle of the field. He said before you start with one, you start with zero. And Dan, that's So true. Rope Smith put his face. Yeah. Rohan will put his head through your skull. So that's a good one. Yeah. Yeah. It's tough though. There's, there's numbers, There's, it's amazing how certain numbers you just assume, like when I think of 44, I'm thinking of like a fullback, linebacker, neck roll and he's putting his helmet through your chin, but he runs four nine, right?


Yeah, I like that. Or, or like Clark, Dallas, Clark. I was gonna say like a a a possession tight end. Yeah. Not the fastest guy. Yeah. Just And he's gritty and he gritty and he's just so tough. Yeah. And we could do class numbers actually. I actually think that since we're on numbers and I, I had this as one of the things that wanted bring up, like, I'm not ready to give up on Kyle Pitts yet, but maybe changing his number from eight could It's great. Be a, it start's a great, Yeah, that's a great, I think you're, I think he's the perfect candidate. Like every time you see eight, I think about it when I see his game, like immediately I'm like, wide receiver. No, that's Pitts like Yeah. You, it doesn't click all the automatically because the nu single digit, like you just think receiver. It's not necessarily about pits as much as it is, but then like body type wise, he's long, he's lean.


Yep. Like yeah. If he walked out next year as 87. 84 In college, you wore 84 in college. 84. Perfect. Perfect. Yeah. Smart. That's all right. So that one we'll Do a numbers class. Yeah. We'll Be, do a numbers Class. Don't be the math portion, You know, you know, we always joke about like, we always be like role play. We're like, all right, let's go back to the conversation. Luke Keekley gets drafted. He was number 40 at Boston College. Top 10 pick Hall of Fame, you know, hall of fame, guy Hall. Hopefully next year when the Panthers were like, all right, here are your options. You could be number 59. He is like, yeah, sure. I'll be number 59. Right. And that feels like, we always tell him, I'm like, Luke, that feels like one of those numbers. Like, you know, when you see Bill Belichick's team and like they all get random numbers until they earn it, you know?


Yeah. It felt like that was like his rookie mini camp number. And he was just like such a nice guy that he was just like, I'll never change it. And he made 59, like a badass number. Yeah. 50 nine's a long snapper number Or Luke Keekley or Luke Keekley. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I Remember we ran into him at TTU a couple years ago and he's lost so much weight. Yeah. He looks Great. He is shred dude. You talk about a guy who's taken the opposite approach of ours. Yeah. That dude lifts heavy. He runs, he just walked rim to rim on the Grand Canyon. He did a half, he did a half triathlon or a half half iron. Man, he shredded.


That dude is a specimen still to this day. Yeah. Yeah. We hardly recognize. Yeah. We're like, oh wait, that is Luke Keekley. Luke Keekley, and he looks great. Yeah. I have a, a question. He looks great about TEU Do you guys do great. Hmm. Like A, B, C, D. Yeah. It's a university, Right? That would be grades. That's really small. Yeah, They did. They didn't. We just found the answer to did they do grades in Miami? Yeah. Every time I think of grade, I think like sixth grade, seventh grade, eighth grade, I have teenage kids. So like, all I think about is like, what grade are they in? Right. And everyone is always like, they're a rising eighth grader. I'm like, what does that mean? Like what grade are they in right now? Right now? Yeah. Yeah. Miami is mid Grade.


You're right. You're right. So that's on me. Poor job processing. We don't, And we don't do report cards. We do give like a, we give an award out last year, I'm trying to remember who we gave, we gave like this sick, I want say like a, like a, maybe a Levi's jacket we gave out like some sick, like custom jacket of some sort to like the guy we thought like embodied everything that is TU. But no, we don't give out grades. We have toyed with the idea of giving out like a, instead of like the Maxwell Award or the Heisman Trophy or the Dave O'Brien, like all these Ky like all these awards that are given out by these like, right.


Like the TEU award and like, we recognize the best NFL tight end every year. And like every year it's presented at our event. We've toyed with doing that. We haven't gotten it off the ground. By the way, trophies, if you ever wanna make like a Pardon My Take trophy. They're very expensive. We have a low man. I mean, we, we made, we'd be willing to, to delve into the tight end of the year award. Yeah. We do it for college, for the fullback. But we could do a Whoa. Yeah. I mean, I don't hate that, you know, who we thought would've been like a cool to honor, but we were very surprised. So obviously Dwight Clark passed away, unfortunately and had a tough battle. And I, I always recognize, you know, made one of the most iconic catches from Joe Montana in NFL history with the catch.


I always thought Dwight Clark was a tight end, but he's not. Yeah. Dwight Clark is on the, i i all my life. I always thought Dwight Clark was a tight end. So unfortunately we thought that'd be like a great, this was a couple years ago, shortly after he passed. And we were like, what a great way to honor him. Yeah. He could be the, like the name that we continue his legacy and whatnot. And then people are like, he's actually a wide receiver. And I was like, Ooh. Yeah, we would, we would demand the award be named after Tony Scheffler. I think that's kind of a deal breaker. So, but I that's a, we Could talk about that. Yeah. The Tony Scheffler award. I got a, I got a question for you. This is a weird question. Do we own a football team? We do.


Sweet. When do we need to sign anything? I haven't signed anything either, but we do own a football team. Okay. All right. I I believe they're, I believe they're undefeated the re so Fuck. Yes. They're undefeated. They're, they're merchandise gear is off the charts. They're logos sick. Ryan Khalil and who's a really good buddy of mine, Ryan Khalil and Blake Griffin. Like they, they own a production company out in LA called Mortal Media. They like spearheaded the operation and then they sent out a group text and everyone was like, sure, I'll do it. Yeah. So yes. Me, you, Kittle McCaffrey, Ron Rivera, Blake Ryan. So yes, the answer to that question is yes.


Every time Ryan's like, I'm like, yeah, I'm in, I'm in. I, I don't know how much I'm in for. I don't know what that means, but yes, whatever you need. I'm in. I'm trying to set up a time to go to Monterey and, and do some stuff with their coaches. Yeah. And but the answer to your question is yes. Yes. I don't know exactly. I we're, yeah, we're pumped. I saw A press release that said like, Greg Olsen has purchased a team in Monterey, Mexico. Among the co-owners include Dan, Big Cat Katz and Eric, PFT, commenter, Soen Berger. So I texted, I texted Big Cat and I was like, Hey, do we own this football team? He was like, yeah, I think we might, Well, you know, what happened was, what happened was Khalil texted me and Blake Griffin and he, he texted being like, the first part of the text was like, Hey, what's your address?


We wanna send you some stuff. And the second part of the text was like, Hey, we're gonna do a press release. You guys cool with like putting your name in it? And I just read the first part and I was like, here's our address. And then I just like, like memory, hold it. And then like a week later the press release comes out. PF t's like, Hey, did you sign anything? I was like, no, actually I completely forgot he asked. But yeah, we own a team so We're in. Yeah, no, we're in, we're in. It's gonna be sick. Dude. I little did, I know, and, and Khalil's worked his ass off on this, but like his, the history of football in Mexico is actually pretty amazing. And like the stories of these guys, like the coaches and the players and what they do and where they like it isn't actually like real.


So there's gonna be like a whole like miniseries doc based around this team and the ownership group and the ascension of the program. Like it's gonna be, it's gonna be a pretty cool kind of behind the scenes look. And especially as the NFL and football continues to just get more and more global and reach more and more beyond America. I think it's gonna be a blast. Yeah. We're pumped. I'm Very pumped. The Osos Osos are Back. Yeah, the Osos are back. Alright. The Osos are back. They're back. So TEU like we said, coming up again June 23rd or 25th. Very excited for it. I have one last question for you.


Row back question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs, polos, hoodies, joggers, shorts, row back.com promo code. Take


kind of a, not a weird question, but you, you do a lot of podcasting and talking about being a dad and coaching. So I have a, a dad slash coaching question. My son, my oldest is six. So he is getting into sports. We're trying everything. You know, he's playing basketball, he is playing tee-ball, he is playing, he's swimming, he's doing everything. What point do I actually decide, like I'll, I'll coach him because I don't wanna, I don't wanna be the overbearing guy. I don't wanna be the like, you have to do this because I don't want him to just be like, I don't wanna do it if you tell me to do it. I want him to naturally like it. And that's why we're doing like he does TaeKwonDo, trying to do as many things as possible. See if he likes any of them. But what age would you say is like, all right, now you can actually start coaching because I don't wanna be that guy.


Well I'd say if he's six and he hasn't picked his sport of the future yet, he's behind. Yeah, that's, so I would true would say first and foremost He's going, going pro. He's not going pro. I'm gonna say that right now. He's Not going pro. No. You only, no, you only do youth sports if the goal is to go pro. Yeah. So you need to change your entire mindset Okay. And get out of like, it's about the experience and it's about the kids and the development and, and all that. And you need to get on, on the page with the rest of the world. So that's, that's your first mistake. Yep. To your real question. All seriousness, coaching your kid is a mixed bag. I was coached by my dad in high school. It's all I ever knew coached me and my two brothers. We all went and played collegiately.


Like it worked for us. He was really hard on us. He pushed, he did it for 40 years. It's all I knew. It's the only reason I ever made it. I learned more at a young age than anybody else I was competing against. 'cause I was just around it. And I had incredible coaching from the time I was two years old. I coach a season of each of my kids. So I have a 13 year almost 14-year-old son who I coach his football team at school. So we do middle school football, it's all summer long. It's real. Like it's real football. I do him in the fall. My daughter, I, I coached her basketball team the last couple years. She's in sixth grade rising seventh grade in case anyone thought she was skipping grades, I guess.


And then my, my her twin brother, my younger son, I coach his team in the spring. So I do a season with each kid and I will say I love it. I love spending the time with my kid. I love giving back to the other kid. So I spend as much time as anybody doing it. There are gonna be moments where you think this isn't worth it. Right? Like I'm arguing with my kid, he doesn't wanna listen to me. He only wants to do what other people said. I almost feel like he's doing the opposite. Like that is all gonna be very normal and you're gonna have to manage all of those emotions. It's gonna be very hard for you to sit at a sideline and watch the vast majority of what's going on in youth sports and not get involved.


Yeah, No. 'cause I already feel it. If you, I already feel it. I, I watched basketball this year and I was like, I'd like coach. And you're like, this Is Yeah, a hundred percent And you're gonna feel that as he gets older it's gonna go less. Like, oh this is so cute that they're shooting at the wrong basket and then you're gonna be like, okay now like they're old enough now to know like, here's our basket. Like why are we not coaching them? Why are we not like I lose my mind sometimes. Now I will say I've been lucky that in some of the seasons my kids have been coached by really good people where I can now just be dad and like I'm thinking in my head, what would I do? And I'm like, they're doing a great job. I entrust you to coach my kids. So if you can find that great.


If you don't have that, you're gonna find yourself moving from the bleachers. Yeah. To the end of the bench, to the second of the bench to the head coach very quickly. 'cause if not, if you're like me, you're gonna just lose your shit. Like, you're just gonna lose your mind and be like, if I'm gonna waste all this time all week, at least my kid's gonna know the basics And we just gotta teach 'em. Yeah. It was, the moment that it hit me was the, for my son, they did a pa parents versus kids basketball game at the end of the season. And I, I mean I, my usage rate was outta control. I scored, I think I scored like 15 out of our 20 points and I was like, I should be coaching, like I hit a three and they were like, no one's ever hit a three in this game before.


I was like, well they fucking left me open. Like, what do you want me to do? So I think I gotta get Involved teach do you teach closeouts? I mean that would a great opportunity To like Yeah. Be like, Hey, can we teach the closeout with the proper hand and force me to the help side? Yeah. If you were coaching that for the six year olds, I wouldn't be draining threes in your face. And that, and I, and when, when someone told me that, I took it as like, holy shit, that's so impressive. You had a three. What they really were saying is like, no parent has ever taken a three in this game. 'cause that's an asshole move. But I was like, listen, they left me open. What do you want me to do? Hey shooter, shoot man. Oh man. Alright. Well you're the best Greg. We, we love having you on. We love, you know, TU hopefully we could do some stuff. The numbers, the numbers seminar would be Numbers.


Well well brand it as math. Yeah. This is like advanced math for tight ends. And then we'll do the media training where we'll just, we'll teach them how to respond to stupid questions from the media. And we have no shortage of stupid people in the media that work here that I'm sure would love to volunteer their time as well. Yeah. Well, yeah. Like what if we did like a, like we, we did a, a stress test. It's like you have to go live with Ben Mintz for for, for five minutes. That's a Dangerous thing. Yeah. It's like one of those, like, if you can survive this, you can survive anything kind of thing. Yeah. Well, No, that one, that one was a trick because the answer's no, I can't do that. I have prior commitments. I'll not go live with Ben men. Yeah. Your agent steps in and says, no, we're not doing this. Yeah. Got It. Got it. So, okay. So it is a whole, okay, see, this is where you guys are professionals.


Next level. Yeah. My immediate brain is like, okay, I'll do it. And I just get really good at dodging stupid questions. No, you look at it as if you have to do it, you gotta fire your marketing. Correct. Yeah. There's Correct. Smart. There'll be a bunch of those. There'll be almost like, we'll go levels smart. And he might be like, yeah, the final boss, where it's like, if you're Yeah. Smart. If you say yes to this, then you need to find a new media guy. But if you say no to somebody that you should go do an interview with, then that's a problem too, because then that guy is going to be like, I'm bigger than this tight end. Right. I'm gonna make it my mission to trash him. Right. And then that's gonna ding you on the PR side. So, yeah. Listen, I don't want to, I'm not, I'm, I'm not gonna give away the milk for free. You know, you gotta, you gotta pay for smart the cow a little bit. Yeah. So we'll talk later. No, it's smart. Yeah. I got, now I'm gonna give you guys a compliment.


Oh. And since you've given us so much compliment, TEU presented by Bud Light, I, I'm sorry. It's gonna kind of be more Dan, but it's more, generally speaking, my wife, I consider to be like a coffee snob slash aficionado. She bought some of the Stella Blue and it got rave reviews That's go, and it's saving dogs. So, And we're sa and she lo and she's a dog person. So all in all, I, I just, it reminded me when I see it behind you there next to dka. So you gave us a lot of compliments on TEU presented that by Bud Light New era Jersey Mikes and Dude wipes. Thank you to our partners Way to get That in. I'm gonna now kick it back to you that a very, very particular coffee consumer to support you.


That's huge. And Stella Blue, what gave rave review. So for what that's worth, I'm gonna kick it back to you, Greg, as such a good guy. And you're so good working with all these different brands and you've done so well in your media career. That was such a great compliment that you paid Big Cat on this coffee. I think it would be great if you gave Stella Blue a free sponsorship into TU. Good point. And then you raise the awareness and then now you're saving so many more dogs because you're such a good guy. Yeah. And, and let me just give a compliment to PFT. That was incredible by you as my agent to work that in. Yeah. And I'll, and now I'll pay it full circle and now I'll give you guys an offer for free. So yes, PFT appreciate you being the guy you are to me. Now I'm gonna kick it back to you.


Free advice. We use this for our heart charity. We guilt people. Oh, we guilt people all the time be like, Hey, we'd love you to support the hardest yard, but don't only do it if you like supporting kids with bad hearts. Like, unless you just want these kids with bad hearts to continue to die and continue to not have great, great medicine. Like, don't, then we're not the group for you. But like, if you're into helping kids with bad hearts like my son, then we'd love you to coach. You could flip it and be like, Hey, only drink. Don't If you hate dogs and you wanna see them killed, yeah. Stella Blue is not for you. But if you happen to have a heart Yeah. And you like dogs, maybe consider us. Like, it's very, it works. So that's my free marketing. Oh, That's smart.


And you know what, you know what Stella Blue might need is maybe a, a decaffeinated version of the coffee for people that have caffeine sensitivities. Yeah. Maybe that have, that have hearts that aren't able to handle it. So if you want to work to develop that, I'm sure Big Cat would be okay with you selling that and then kicking bat back a modest percentage to him on the top end to save those dogs. So it's like people helping people. It's a big circle of help. It works. Yeah, it works. Okay. You're, you're a genius. Alright, Greg, you're the best. Appreciate you guys. We love having you on, and we'll see you soon. Alright, All guys see you.


Greg Olsen was brought to you by our great friends of a truly hard seltzer. Truly unruly lemonade combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. It's lemonade let loose 8% a BVA hundred percent delicious. They've got four supercharged lemonade flavors, bump and blue RAs OG original Lemonade punched up pineapple, wild pink. I got the punched up pineapple right here. Also big fan of the bump and Blue Raz. It's the drink of the summer. It's the official hard seltzer part of my take. You can level up your lemonade with truly unruly. And now here's Zach LaVine.


And now for something completely different. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very special guest. It is Zach LaVine from the Sacramento Kings, also golfer. We're, we have Zach on, we're gonna talk some ball. He also is going to be in Tahoe with, we're gonna be there as well, competing in the American Century Celebrity Golf Championship in July. So let's start with that. I wanna talk some ball, Zach, but how is the golf game feeling right now? And what are the expectations for, for Tahoe, which is the coolest tournament ever, Most important thing of the summer? Yes, by far.


Yes. Haven't, haven't, haven't even thought about basketball. It's been just trying to train at golf. I, I did it, I did it a couple years ago, and it was the funniest experience I've had, you know, and it's, I got the most respect for golfers. I wish, I wish my dad put a golf club in my hand before, before, you know, baseball and football. Obviously basketball worked out pretty well. But I started playing around COVID and then I got very invited to the American Century Tournament. It's, it was great, man. You know, everything, everything's fun until they, you know, they announce your name, all your accolades, and everything's quiet. And my cat, he's like, yeah, just take it over the guy in the Red Hat and know over his head. And I'm like, oh shoot, this is a little bit different than shooting a free throw.


Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's fun though, man. I got a passion for it. I play all the time, me and my boys, so it's, it's fun. So What's what's your, what are you expecting to finish at this tournament? What's the goal for you? Last time, I, I gotta do better than I did last time. So my first time I had the jitters, I think I finished like 12 from last. Okay. Had a, had a decent first day, and after that it was just blow up hole, you know, scared to hit people. So that was a couple years ago. I've been playing with a couple of my, couple of my boys. That was the Stefan though. So I, I, I, I need to be in the top, top 30, I'll be happy with. Okay. You gotta pick one guy that You have to beat. If, if you were to select one on the league, Adams, that was easy.


Okay. That's my, that's my boy. I was just playing with him the other day. Devonte will be out there. I guy, who else will I probably Kyle, Kyle Lowry. You know, that's one of my, that's one of my good friends too. I wanna probably beat him. Yeah. But Devonte's pretty damn good, man. Yeah. He's, he's probably, he's probably like a five handicap. Yeah, he is. He, he, I've seen some of his videos. He looks like, I mean, all he guys are basically cheating when it comes to golf. Like all athletes, professional athletes, they put a golf club in their hand and you're like, oh yeah, they're really good at all sports. And it's like, fuck, I wish I could look this smooth. Like, you're like, oh yeah, I started golfing a few years ago. You're probably sick. No, the guy that has nasty is Steph. Man, every time I talk, I say, you can't be this good at both sports.


You know, he's Yeah, agreed. He's pro level at golf, you know, so it's, it's sick. Yeah. Is there, is there a sport that you've tried that you've just sucked at? Yeah, it started off as golf, right? You got addicted to it. You know, I've all, I was, I, I, you know, you guys know me, I'm a I'm a pretty good athlete and I, I was a better baseball player than basketball. So, you know, it's, you know, picking up golf was, it wasn't that hard. I already knew how to swing. But it's definitely, it's, it's challenging man. It is challenging. So, so I love it. When, when did you, when when you made the switch from like, all right, I'm gonna go basketball instead of baseball. Was that tough to do and like, you know, did you think like, if things had gone differently, baseball would've been a, a future like this?


I think I would've been pretty good. Obviously, you know, me and me and Donvan Mitchell were having this conversation. We did the little celebrity all-star game in Seattle, and we're like, how about we both retire at 32 and see which one of us will make the pros after we retire. So, you know, but no, I, I mean, we, I made a good choice, man. I can't, I can't get mad at anything I've done. You know, basketball is definitely my passion and, you know, something I excel at. Yeah. Yeah. You were talking about having your dad put a, a golf club in your hands when you're getting started. I know that your dad was, was instrumental in helping you become a, a great athlete. He was a great athlete himself. And your mom, both of you. But I've heard that your dad had some crazy ass workouts that he used to put you through, like some next level stuff Still does.


Yeah. No, I mean, I've, I've done everything from, you know, athletic training wise of running, jumping, applied metrics. I used to, I used to do lunges on the football field from a hundred yard lines and then do 'em backwards 80 backwards 60. I would hop the hashes. I would, I would run, you know, run hills with weight vests on when I was 12. You know, my dad was training me like a, you know, a professional when I was a kid. So I think, I think everything helped out. Yeah. So he still, he works you out now? Every once in my dad's retired now. That's what he says, you know, he said, my job is to, you know, enjoy you, enjoy, enjoy his grandkids, and, you know, come to games and talk a little shit. I think that's about it, you know, but he still, you know, he still gives me some workouts. For sure.


Yeah. Talk about these Playoffs, because you obviously, you know, some of the guys who are in the playoffs, obviously. And you also, you know, you, the Timberwolves are bounced now, but you played for the Timberwolves. I wanna start though, with Alex Cruso, your former teammate Got guy. What, What is, what is it about you? We love him too. He is, he's a good friend of ours. But what is it about his defense that makes it so elite and like, maybe something that we're not seeing? Like, he just, it feels like it's just havoc every time he's out there. I mean, the guy, the guy's a crash dummy man. I mean, playing with him for three years. He, he's one of the smartest dudes. He's gonna be a great coach when he's done, you know, when he, when he was with us in Chicago, he would, he would help lead some of our meetings.


And, you know, him coming from la having that championship pedigree, you know, El elevate our defense immediately helping guys out, like me and DeMar just be in gaps. And Alex, you know, Alex is a great athlete, but let you know, he's, he'll tell you first, he's like, I'm not an elite, elite, you know, athlete. He's, he's just all heart and IQ man. You know, he studies film a lot. I've seen him break dudes, you know, break down dude's game. I remember how he guarded me. I always tell him I gave him, you know, 38 1 day. But it was a, you know, it was a hard 38. But, you know, ac acs one of the best defenders in the NBAI think he should have been all first, you know, defense many, many times. Many times. Yeah. Yeah. I think he got it. What, last year they finally, because I, Every year he should have it.


Yeah. Every Year. He was the first, I don't care what he is, first Italian, to be a first Italian American to win all defense in the NBA. I think in the history of the associations, that's a, a pretty prestigious honor. They gave him Ev everything that goes Alex's way, man. He, he deserved one of the hardest working guys. You know, one of the coolest dudes talk about a good golfer too. He is, he's a little bit better than me too. He is a, I think he competed in the American Century Tournament one time. So it was, he's he's a great guy. It's one of my, one of my good friends. Yeah. We have a golf simulator here. And we actually, like right before he got traded from the Bulls to the Thunder, I was gonna give him a key card. 'cause he wa he would just show up and, and get on the golf simulator because he's just like, he's, I think he just does everything like that where it's like, if I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna go as crazy as possible.


So, is is it fair to say that you're, I know you're probably rooting for him a little bit. Do you find yourself watching these playoffs with a, like a preference of which team you'd like to see win? Oh, yeah. I mean, I'm, I'm going for my guys all the time, you know, a ac I want him to, you know, be able to host to another championship. I'll see 'em later this summer. So, you know, if he can get in another one, I mean, what a, what a tradee, you know, the upgrade that they had when, when Chicago traded him to OKC, man, it was an incredible trade for them. Yeah. What, what is it about the Thunder's defense that's just so elite? Because it just feels like they suffocate teams and they, they have a way of like, it, it just, you watch the team, like Anthony Edwards had a very tough time dealing with the, with the Thunder's defense.


Is it something specific they're doing, or they're just all elite defenders? I mean, they're really, they're really good defensive team. I think they put that first, you know, guys that support each other are Hardnosed guys. And, you know, that's their role to go out there. And, you know, we understand Shay's role, but, you know, he, he sits in gaps. He's, you know, he's not somebody that you're gonna say is an elite defender, but, you know, he sits down when he needs to, he has really good hands. But you have guys like Lou Dot, who, like, that's his job is to harass all game. He don't care if he shoot 10 times or two times. Same with ac, ac might get 15 points, but he'll impact the game by getting four steals, two blocks, you know, a charge three deflections. Caseon Wallace is a really good defender too. So they have like specific specialist guys on their team that, you know, they, they, they really get after it.


Yeah. You know, earlier this year it was, we played, we played them later on, you know, right after we played them, right after Allstar breaking, we gave 'em a pretty good run up in Sacramento. But, you know, it was, it was a hard fought, it was a hard fought game, but every possession, it's, you have to make a shot or you have to, you have to really work the offense. Yeah. And they're really, and they're really well coached. Really well coached. Yeah. Yeah. And looking out to the east, what's it like playing against the Pacers? Is it the most exhausting thing that you've ever done? Because over the course of the series, it feels like the Knicks, they don't play a lot of guys to begin with. They would prefer not to play a lot of guys, but it feels like they've just been ground down, just having to run up and down the court nonstop. Is it that tiring? I mean, they're, in our division, we, I played them so many damn times.


It's, they're, they're a hard nosed team, but they get up and down fast. They don't care if you score. You take, they take it out of bounds quick. They, you know, they bring the ball. But you have to play fast verse. I think this last year in Chicago, we played 'em pretty well. Even the year before we played him, we played him decently. And they've had the same style to play Rick Carlisle as a, you know, a hell of a coach. You know, Halliburton can literally, you know, do what he wants to with the ball and get into the pain. Facilitating guys, he'll have a good game by not even scoring well sometimes, but yeah, they, you gotta play fast. Versus I think the Knicks, you know, they're one of the slower paced teams in the NBA and, you know, so it's, it's a, you know, it's a pick your battle essentially. You, you either gotta pay at their pace or, you know, you can't have any turnovers. You gotta get them in foul trouble. You know, you gotta make them play at your pace.


And it's hard to do that with guys, you know, running. Yeah, yeah. Me personally, I, if I, if I were to score against a team, and then immediately they just throw the ball down the court and they've already scored, like, I'm like, come on man, you have to gimme like a second to do my little celebration dance. You gotta gimme a second to talk a little shit and slowly backpedal on defense, get set up. It's not fair. I mean, that's the new Yeah. There's a lot of guys that come into the game and start celebrating over one shot. I think that's the newest generation of guys. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I would, I would just celebrate because it'd be a miracle that it went in. So you gotta take how Many, how many, if you, if you had, if you could play one game 36 minutes, how many points you think you could score? I'd probably get 23, 24. No, I did, we, we did a, a three point shootout, and I think we, I took 20, 20 three pointers.


I made nine. But the ones On the wide open. Yeah. And also the ones that I missed, I think they were all air balls. So it either goes in or it misses the basket entirely. So, no, I, I mean, I would just, it just, I saw that it was one example in the last game where I think it, I think they might've dunked it, but it was, it was a layup or something like that. And then within two seconds the ball was down the court and the pacers were already scoring. And I felt exhausted for the Knicks having to defend against that. Yeah. They, they take the ball the net and they, they, they literally, it's the next play. It is a next play mentality. Yeah. And they got a, they have a lot of guys out there that are hard knows. Like TJ McConnell's been a winner since he was in high school. You know, a lot of, he's a guy that I played against 'em in college, and them Harts hard nose guys, knee Smith, you know, all those guys, AKAs come from winning, you know, they, they, they're a good, they're a good team.


Yeah. Well, speaking of former teammates, Carl Anthony Towns, you played with him for the first few years in Minnesota. We love him. We love watching him. He's, he's, he's a different cat, but he's also like, when he gets hot and he's taking it to the rim and he is hitting those threes. When when you first met him, were you like, this guy is, I mean, it's crazy. He's a, he's seven feet and he can he, can he shoot the three better than most players in the league? I mean, I mean, Kat's one of the most skilled people in the NBA in general. You know, it's, it's not even crazy. I think he's, he's a top big in the league and he's, he's proven that over the last, you know, seven, you know, years of his career, I, there's not a lot of guys you could compare him to. I think, I think that Trey for him was, was big time too.


'cause I mean, I think the trade for both of 'em was big. You know, Minnesota, you know, getting some more toughness with, with Jewish Randall, you see that both were in the, you know, the conference final. So, but Kat's, Kat's and Credible was one of my good friends. Always root for him. It just shows how, you know, how skilled and how talented he is. 'cause you know, any team he gets on, he can elevate. He, He also seems like an awesome dude. Just like a, a genuinely like good dude. Oh, yeah. I would assume that was, that came through even when he, when he, you guys first linked up, because you both were young. Oh yeah, we were, when I got drafted, I was, I just turned 19, you know, and then I played, me and me and Drew were together And we were the, he got traded over and then Kat got drafted next year. So, you know, we were really good those first three years.


I think we were the only two, one of the only teams that had like, three guys averaging 20 or more points. And we're all under 21. So, you know, good times. Yeah. You ever think about like, what could have been, if, if that group had, you know, stayed young together, growing up together? Yeah. I mean, you can always think, but you never know. I think, I think growing up and then seeing, you know, obviously the trajectory of each of our careers, you know, I think we needed it. You know, especially, you know, for me, like me being able to go to Chicago and, you know, have pretty much become the player that I was. I don't think that would've happened if I, if we all stuck together. But you never know how good of a team we could have been. Yeah. So, Yeah. You know, I think I take everything in stride, but that's, I think that's the, the beauty of basketball.


What, what was it like for 19-year-old Zach to get drafted by the Timberwolves and having Kevin Garnett as one of your teammates? Did he talk shit to you immediately? KG KG liked me a lot because, 'cause I, I, me and KG sat next to each other. That's like my, one of my main vets, you know, I, I have a, I have a specific story that's hilarious. I hope we don't get mad at this, but he, he comes in the locker room and couple guys, you know, guys get on their phone immediately and they're looking at either Stats or Twitter, I don't know, they're looking at something and this is like one of his first, you know, first games with us. And he's looking around. He looks next to me. He's like, Zach, they, they, they always do this shit.


I say, yeah man, you know, I don't know any different. It's my first, you know, my first time in the NBA gets up, grabs everybody's phone, puts in a bag. So we're not doing this shit no more. A couple extra, you know, expletives throws the bag outside the locker room before flips comes in, flips flip, comes in the locker room, starts talking about the meeting. He holds it up. He said, no, we're not doing this shit. Nobody gets on their phone one more time. I promise you every phone's getting broken. Go ahead flips, start the meeting. So it, he set the tone immediately from that, you know, it was the first time we got trade over, but kg it was incredible having those guys, him, Mo Williams, Andre Miller, Rubio, it, it tayshawn Prince on the team. But it was a lot. We had a lot of, you know, vets, Corey Brewer, you know, it was an exciting team.


It was, it was a mix of like, literally young puppies and, and old dogs. So it was fun. Yeah. Yeah. So getting to play with him too, as a rookie must have been, must have been fun outside the locker room. I, I imagine that people show him that same res level of respect on the court. Like the opponents, like he, he had a way of demanding respect and getting respect from people must have felt like you had like a hockey enforcer on your side. Like Yeah, there's no, there's no one like him, man. The demeanor, he brings the intensity, you know, even in practice, every, every practice with us, you know, he's 40 years old. He, you know, with a bum knee and he's running lines as hard as anybody. He's talking mess to guys. He's giving people hard ass fouls in practice, you know, I'm talking about like 10:00 AM early first, you know, first scrimmage or, you know, hard playoff foul.


So the intensity he brought, well he's one of a kind, you can't fake that. Yeah. Yeah. So what was it like, what was it like playing on the Olympic team? It was great, man. It was a great experience. You know, I think, I think that was, for me, it was one of the first times I had a, I had like a specific role, you know, I wasn't, you know, the leading scorer of the team. You know, we had Kevin Durant, it was Jason Tatum, me, Devin Booker, Bradley Beal, Dre Ma. Like, it was so many guys. Damien Lillard, I think it was the first year I made the All-Star team too. So, you know, we're all coming off really big years, but they needed specific roles. And that was the year I just told 'em, I was like, look, whatever I need to do to, you know, be on the court and help contribute. So I was picking up guys full court. I was like a catch and shoot dude. I was getting steals, getting transitioned.


It was probably some of the funnest, you know, basketball I ever played. 'cause you know, everyone had a specific goal, didn't care about egos. And we came together and, you know, figured it out. Yeah. It was a crazy Olympics. It was 2020 in Tokyo, right? Or it was 2020 Olympics, but it was played in In Tokyo. Yeah. And it was, yeah, it was right, it was right after COVID Limited fans. And we only had like two weeks of like training camp where, you know, before other, you know, other teams had like a longer, a longer stint, you know, they, they put us together And we, we figured it out, man. So it was, it was really cool. Yeah, There's some crazy games in that Olympics too. It, it felt like, you know, it wasn't a given that you guys were gonna win gold. You guys fight. So we lost, We lost. I think we were like one, we lost our first, like, we, like first exhibition game.


Yeah, yeah. Everybody said a locker from like, stunned. But, you know, I think we needed that. 'cause it made it, it made everybody closer. Yeah. Yeah. So in, in practice for that team, I've heard, you know, all the stories. I'm sure you've heard 'em too, of the old school dream team practices that they'd have, how competitive it got. Was it that same way for you guys where it was just like some extremely high level basketball? Yeah, I mean, we scrimmage, we scrimmaged a lot and guys were going at each other. And then we got to play against the select team, which is always fun. You know, go coming up through the USA program where you, the younger guys get to play against the Olympic team. I did it when, you know, they were over in Brazil. So, you know, seeing the guys go at us and then, you know, I think they won like the first two quarters we ended up coming back and beating 'em. But that, that's what gets everything, you know, pretty much rolling in that competitive nature.


'cause you know, without that, you, you're really, you're walking into a, you know, a orange nest. Yeah. Yeah. I got a couple bulls questions for you. First is easy one. Remember the time you hit 13 three pointers that was sick. Were you in the, were you in the zone? Could you feel a difference in that game when you hit 13 threes? Yeah. I wish I shot more. I probably coulda hit like 16. It was crazy. Yeah. Yeah. But you no, it, you could feel it hell of Game. Yeah. Yeah. No, whenever, whenever you're, you know, guys that could score the ball and shoot you try to figure out how to get in that zone. But, you know, it just, it just happens sometimes. If it might be in the first quarter, it might be in the second, fourth, whatever it is, but you just try to find that zone and stay in it.


You know, I think you can see guys that are good three point shooters, you know, that's, that's how you get those runs going. Where, you know, you get 3, 4, 5 threes in a row, or, you know, over a certain game stretch of, you know, finding a rhythm. You'll see guys hit seven threes for like, consecutive nights. 'cause it just, you know, it's muscle memory at, you know, at a certain point in and confidence. Yeah. So once you get that going, it's easy. My other one was Coach Jim Boylan. Yeah. When you, it was also with the Pacers. I'm, I'm, I'm actually really excited for him. You know, I'm, I'm glad that they're, you know, he is doing a good job over There. Yeah. When, when he first made you manually clock in, were you like, what the hell is going on here? You know, so, Jim, Jim, me and Jim had a funny relationship, but we actually had a, we, we started understanding each other, but it was different because he brought a, he brought a completely different mentality.


He was the assistant, he was like the assistant coach, and then got moved up to the head, and he just had to try to do something different. Him and Fred Hoberg had completely different personalities. So, you know, he literally brought like a, like a clock in clock. And guys had their name with stamps on it, and you had to punch in, and I'm not joking, it was, I'm in my fifth year by now. I'm like, I'm, is this the NBA, you know, so, but it, it was, it was, it was something that I think guys needed, man. He had to, he had to, he had to be authentic to himself. Yeah. So, so when that happened, you were like, okay, I guess we'll just try something new. Were there, were there times when Jim Boylan would talk or give a speech and you're like, w what exactly is he saying right now? Because there were times when he would do the, like in between the first quarter and second quarter, he'd do the media and I'd just be staring at the TV being like, what, what was that?


What, what did he say? Growth plates or something like there was, yeah, He would have, he, he was a, he was, he was very, he was very into it, you know, and he, you know, I remember him always being like, you guys gotta have the right spirit. I'm just like, no, we're down. You know, we, we gotta go out here and fight. Fuck spirit, you know? But you know, Jim, Jim actually cares so much for his players and for the organization. I think he cared. You know, I've had a bunch of coaches and he, he's probably the dude that's cared the most about him and him and Billy. I don't wanna throw Billy, you know, Billy was an incredible coach. Me and him had a great relationship. But Jim cared a lot, man. He, you know, I think he did the best he could. Yeah. I remember when Big Cat told me about, the clock ain't clock out the time clock. I, I thought like, these bulls are going somewhere.


I, I loved, I loved that addition to the facility at blue collar shit. So, about the time clock, when you would punch in, would it clock the, it would actually clock the time? Or was it just stamping your name on it? It was a, it was like a legitimate, like if you were at a construction site, it had the time in and time out. If it was 9 0 5, it said, yeah. And who would he review your time cards. That's what, I don't know. You know, we had like a fresh one every day. So the, I think he just printed out just different, like him was one of the assistant guys just printed out fresh ones each and every day. That Might have been the missing piece. I think the time clock was a great addition, but the second part of having a time clock, you gotta check the time clock. Got You gotta check the cards, gotta see if guy's a consistent, you Know?


Yeah. The spirit thing is, is like, yeah, he would a lot of spirit talk, a lot of like intense. I, I can't remember if it was growth plates or what it was, but we Led the league in spirit this year. Yeah, I like that. It was, it was one where he like looked into the camera and he is just like, we gotta get the growth plates and the spirit of these guys. I was like, dude, it's like, it's middle of February. It's between the first and second quarter against, you know, Jim let us know who Jim let us know who he was. He showed us his, some of his coaching stuff from Utah. When he first came here. I was, we were Kraken up and he's like, I'm gonna be the same guy regardless. So, yeah. Yeah, it Was fun. What, what about, did Fred Hoiberg ever play a movie for you? Because I remember he did that a couple times where he like, I think it was Dumb and Dumber once.


I don't know if that resonated. I think Hoosiers maybe. He never played you guys Clips? No, I don't, I don't remember. I don't remember that. Okay. Yeah, I Don't remember that at all. There was some, Fred had, Fred had some good ass plays though. He, he had some really good atos. I remember that. I had a couple easy threes at atos in that first year. Yeah. Do you know when, when a, when a coach installs something in practice, you're like, oh, this is gonna work. There's no way they can stop this. I think it's specific to each guy. If you, if you figure out what guy's like, like what Fred Fred did for me, he knew 'cause he could shoot the ball and he, you know, he played a little bit. He started figuring out where guys' tendency was. So like, he would, he would do a pin down specific to where guys liked to like, liked to shoot, if you like to go left right off of a gather versus hopping versus, like, he, he studied that and it was a, there was a couple times he did a TO out the right way.


It was like a downstream pinned down to a flare. And I'm just like, oh man, I'm wide open. You know, like in practice. And the guys know what it, what's coming. So Yeah. In the game, you're, you know, you're expecting something, you know, to be wide open. Yeah. All right. So the, that actually just triggered something in my mind that I, I, I always wondered when you guys are in the NBA and you have a coach, what level of basketball did they have to play for you to get? Like, is there a level where you're like, all right, I respect this, or, because like you said, like, you know, Fred played a little, he did play in the NBA. Yeah. Like that's more than just a little, yeah. Is there a level where it's like, if they played high school ball and nothing more, you're like, all right, this guy doesn't know what the fuck he's talking about.


No, I mean, it's always good, I think to have pro, pro level guys on the staff. I don't know if it has to be the head coach because there's a, there's a common communication and respect or you know, there's a language that we speak that others don't. You know, he's been in this situation, you know, a good, good, good coach and a good friend of mine was Sean Reper. You know, he played, played at Michigan State all time leagues. Shoot the hell out the ball. Played in the NBA for a little bit. But, you know, I remember telling him like, Hey look, these guys are double teaming me. You know, what's the best way I can, you know, split it? Like how can I get out the double team? You know, I've been passing all day, but what's the best way to split it if I go up to a guy or a coach that's only watched film but hasn't felt it, you might not have the same response.


So, okay. I mean, Sean Berg played in the NBA for like five or six years. So where, Yeah, A little is just a few years. I feel like you played one year in the NBA. That's a lot of NBA If I played one year in the NBA, I'd be telling people I'd played. Yeah. I would say, oh, of course. Yeah. No, I, I, I think I'm just saying a little going on my 12 years. Yeah, that's true. You've played a lot. You a lots, But yeah, I'd wear the jacket with the, with the logo on the back. Yeah. If I played for one second in the NBA, I'd be like, yeah, I played in the NBA for a, like, is now, is there also, like if, you know, if you have, you have a coach that didn't play high level college ball, is it a process where eventually it's like, alright, they show you something that you're like, all right, I believe in them.


Like I I can trust them level. Yeah, a hundred percent. You know, I think, I think it just shows what they're good at. Just because that they didn't play in the NBA. They could be a, you know, a genius or a master at their craft in a different area. They might be great at atos or defensive positioning, you know, anything. It could be scouting, you know, everybody in the NBA is at a high level for a reason. You're, you're not here for no reason. Yeah. Who's the best assistant coach that you've ever had? The one that we should be on the lookout for, like, that guy's gonna get a shot and he's gonna be great. Man, I've had, I've had so many coach, my favorite, I'll just say my favorite assistant coach who turned that coach is Sam Mitchell. Okay. Great guy. You know, Sam, Sam Sam was incredible. You know, he, he would talk, he would talk to you and he was a player.


And you know, I was K G's vet and, you know, I remember being on a team and kgs, like, that's my vet. So he, Sam, Sam Mitchell. Sam Mitchell was great, man. He was a, he, he was a head coach in the NBA before, but he was my assistant. Yeah. You, you've, you've played in a lot of places that have legends, that have preceded you, legends of the game, like KG in Chicago with Michael Jordan, but probably most importantly, growing up in Seattle with Spencer Hawes, the looming shadow. Spencer Hawes. There we are a Spencer Hawes respecting podcast. Was Spencer just a big part of the basketball scene in Seattle growing up? Yeah, Spence. Spence was a guy who came before me. Legend, you know, with a bunch of other dudes. Legend. I can see you, we can say Legend. Yeah. Yeah. Legend's a legend.


Spence. Spence is a legend, of course, in his own right. Spence. Spence is great. You know, he had to throw in the own right. Yeah. Spence, no, but all in all honesty. I know Spence. Spence is great. You know, I think Spence, when I was growing up, I was playing these little pro runs in Seattle, Jamal Crawford, Nate Robinson, I mean, the list goes on. Brandon Roy with all these guys at Seattle, we do a good job of keeping the community and you know, the guys, you know, out there. But Spence was always there, and he was the first dude that literally, he pinned my shot off the backboard when I was in high school. And I thought I, you know, I could jump out the gym. Especially at that point, I'm trying to dunk on everybody, especially trying to impress these older pros. And Spence went up and just pinned my shit right on the blackboard. And I remember my dad looking at me.


He is like, that's the difference between high school and pros. Yeah. And then from that moment, that spurned you to become a professional basketball player. Yeah. All thanks to Spencer Hawes, the dunk contest. Yes. All, all because of Spencer. Yes. Yeah. Wait, what, how old were you when you started playing with Pros? I remember my first pro workout I played, me and Luke Riau. Luke Riau gave me a, I rebounded for him and then he let me work out with him and, and play like a little pickup game with him when I was in like eighth, like seventh or eighth grade. Holy shit. Yeah. So, so by the time you're like 16, 17, do you, are you still intimidated when you go to these runs? Or are you just like, I know I can do this. I don't know if you're intimidated, you're still like, oh man, like this is Jamal Crawford.


Right. You know, until, you know, but it, it, it becomes normalized. Yeah. That's awesome. Who is a better dunker? You or Nate Robinson? I mean, Nate has three. I have two, so Yeah, that's a good point. But I don't know. Nate, Nate, Nate's a legend. I don't know if Nate would've beat me though. Yeah. What's your best card? Game Card? Yeah. Like gambling wise. Yeah. Yeah. What are you the best at? I don't know. Not Boray. You had a bad game recently. Are are You losing on the, on the planes? I'm not losing, but I'm not up. Okay. But best car game?


I don't know. Probably, probably blackjack or something like that. Who, Who's the best Boray player On, on On or like that you've ever been around? Best Bre player. I've been around Mike Trout. Oh really? Yeah. Mike Trout can play some boray. Oh, That is it. That's not the answer to his house. I didn't expect that answer. Yeah, shout out Mike. That's hilarious. We got a little bit of my bread. Huh? He Doesn't need Money. That's, that's why Shhe went so far in debt, probably. Yeah. Mike Trout, boray, boray got him. Mike Trouts probably just kicking the shit out his translator every day. Yeah. Yeah. Hooray. Yeah, Man, that's Crazy.


Yeah, I'm in, I'm in a fantasy league with Trout and he takes my money there, so that's, that's not fun. Yeah. Fantasy Football. I gave Mike, Mike is a first ball hall of Famer, man. That's one of my boys. Yeah, I read that. That you collect old cars. Do they, do they all run? Man, I got a 68 Pontiac, A 70 Chevelle. I got a Grand National. I sold, I I've, I've had some, I used to have a 65 Mustang, so I got a lot of old school Cars. What kind of engine you got in that? 70 Chevelle LS three. Okay. All I got. I local supercharger. I got a 1970 Chevy El Camino. But it doesn't really run that much.


Don't run at all with a 4 54 big block. Yeah. I've had, you know, old school man, every once in a while they stop. That's the fun in them. Yeah. So do you know how to fix em too? Hell no. Hell no. Hey, Somebody else call a tow. I call a tow truck and take it to the garage. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, this is probably an easy question, but I, as a sports fan, it's fun to watch from afar and it feels like there's certain guys that, everyone's like, that guy's the best guy ever and everyone loves him. And I feel like DeMar de Rosen is that guy. And you've obviously been his teammate with the Bulls and the Kings. Is that fair to say? Like he is everyone's favorite teammate? Because that's just the vibe I've always gotten that Everyone's in in incredible guy. One of my, one of my good friends. You know, it's, it's funny, I, when I got traded there, I said, man, he couldn't leave me alone for, you know, four months.


But, you know, we see each other a lot, you know, DeMars great. 'cause he is extremely genuine and somebody that doesn't, you know, he's not trying to, he's not trying to be anyone that's not himself, you know, and it's, it's, it's always been, been a treat to be his, his friend first and his teammate. Yeah. A after all this time in the NBA and the off season, do you, are there still things that you're trying to improve on your game or different wrinkles you're trying to add? Or are you just at this point trying to stay in shape and, and keep what you got going? No, I mean, I, every, if you're a competitor, you try to get better every year. And you know, for me, I obviously you, you work on your body and the older you get, you try to get as much rest as you can and be sharp and continue to be like really good things. You are. But you know, I think I'll go into each off season and I look at like, what can I improve on and what, you know, what's a little aspect that would give me, you know, this much better.


So What are we working on this off season, Man? What should I work on this off season? Realistically, I ain't watched, I haven't got back and looked at a lot of the film. I told you I've been golfing getting ready for this tournament. But, you know, I think, I think I did a great job this year, man. I, I pretty, I pretty much led the league in three point percentage. I shot 50 51 50 2% from the field. I averaged 24 points a game. So, you know, I think the efficiency point is always, you know, try to be as efficient as you can. And then I think probably just a little bit more like just how to get to frequent line, get easier shots. Yeah. You know, if I can get to the free throw line, you know, six, seven times, you know, that that's, it's easy, it's easy points.


It helps our team getting the bonus. It keeps them in the penalty, you know, it slows the game down when you need to. And I think that's, I think that's something I can get a little bit better at, at least these last, these next couple years. Who Do you study if you're trying to figure out how to get to the free throw line mower? I think it has to be like, how it is with your game. I think getting to the free throw line is an art, honestly. It's just like shooting a step back or a floater, you know, learn being a, learn how to shoot a three, whatever it may be. You know, you have to, you have to learn what goes in with your game. It's not a specific guy, but I think you could take little things from each person if it's a, if it's a sweep through or slowing down a bump, you know, I've always been good at pump fakes, you know, so it's, you know, little things like that to where it's like, how can you, how can you manipulate the game to where you know it fits yours.


Yeah. Smart. Alright, so I got a question about the, we we had, I think it was last summer, there was the whole NBA players playing in the NFL and vice versa debate. You caught a little shrapnel. 'cause Cooper Cup played you in the quarterfinals in, in, in high school football. My man co Yeah, my man coop man. No, and, and the, that story came out like twice. I know. And the story obviously is like Cooper Cup beat Zach LaVine. No, they did. They beat the hell out of us. So is there context to it? Was your, was his team that much better or was 'cause like his Team? Yeah, his team won the state championship. Okay. So that's not fair that it's like you, it was just you and it was, Yeah, no, so cou I think Cooper's two years older than me, so I was a sophomore and they were a senior. Oh, on.


Come on was, but I mean, look, I was the, I was the number one player in the state, you know, they, and they put this little white dude on me and I'm like, I'm about to get 40. And he hella fast. So I couldn't, you know, he is just as fast me if not faster. So, and they, you know, they had a really good defense. They double teamed, you know, they, but he had a good game. You know, I, I had like 20 points, but it wasn't anywhere near my average at the point. And they, they beat us by like 15 and they, the next game they won the state championship. So Yeah, That's a missing context. Yeah. That, that needed to be included. In Fact, you were a sophomore. Yeah. That's not, and it did, it did go viral like five different times. 'cause people were like, It it, it should have Man, I that's, that's a what's funny is I didn't know that was him until, until he got to the pros.


Now obviously knew, you know, way before you guys did or when it came out, but it was, it was funny. You should, did you like text him? Did you get his number? He'd be like, you better fucking keep your mouth Shut. Shot about Like four, about four years ago. I said, Hey man, why is this just coming out now? You remember that bro, this and that. And so it was, it was funny. Especially, you know how good he is at, you know what he does. So Yeah, I didn't, I'm not a football guy, man. My dad was a professional football player, but I, you know, I stopped playing when I was in grade school. So I, I don't think it would've been good going either way. Yeah. I What do y'all think? You think what's a better, who's a better athlete? Football be football or basketball? It's not, it's not better athletes. It's just, I always, I always go back to like, if you see a NBA player playing in an open gym, you guys like, like how many, if you were in an open gym just working out and you, I said, Zach, take a hundred threes, how many are you missing?


Yeah, I mean, 85 or more, You're making 85 or more every single time. Like no one's guarding you, you're making 85. Like that, that level of shooting. I just don't, I I don't think people comprehend. Yeah, but We're, but we're pros. Like that's what we're supposed to do, right? Yeah. But that's what I'm saying, like if an NFL player tried to do that, like they might be Able to hit no, it's like, but ask us to go across the middle and be hitting the ribs. You know, like I do, I do think I agree with you there. I think that Run, run a 10 yard out and catch it and toe tap on the sideline. Like I don't there Yeah, we might be able to, if it was like a, you know, a guy just throwing us, you know, a ball on the, you know, do it with defense. It's, I I think it's completely different. I do think that wimpy could be an elite red zone wide receiver. Yes.


Yes. Just, just send him The end zone. He wouldn't, I don't think it would be, I don't know. I think he would get jammed at the line so fast. So you think all football, like you think that football players are, it's harder to go NBA to NFL than N-F-L-B-A? I just, I think just the crossover in general is hard. Yeah. Agreed. You know, you know, unless you played that sport before, it's, it's, you don't have any, you don't have, you don't have the wherewithal with it. You know, I don't think a, I don't think a, a football guy can go in the NBA and be effective at all unless he's was a high level basketball player to start. Right, that's true. No, That's, that's actually probably the fairest answer that anyone's had where it's like you are actually diminishing how many hours and work goes into both.


Like if you're on either side and to be like, oh, you could just switch is insane. Yeah. Now that you might have some in instances where, you know, somebody could score, I might be able to get a catch as a y receiver. Yeah. We're we're very high-end athletes. I think Draymond could be a good kicker. Yeah. Draymond's, Draymond's highlights from the Michigan State Spring Game. Yeah. There are some guys, like, you know, LeBron was off the charts in high school. Yeah. You know, I think, I think Westbrook would be an incredible, you know, football player. Yeah. But LeBron got, I mean, he got bodied by Dante di Vincenzo going over the middle, his last playoff game. You know, everything's contextual.


Yeah, that's true. That is, That was, that was a, that wasn't a fair shot. Alright. I Do also love Draymond. I'm just, I I respect his game as a podcaster as well. Yeah. So I gotta take a shot every now and again. Yeah. Hell of a podcaster. Yeah. Hell of a podcaster.


Alright Zach, I got one last question for you. It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take, like we said, Zach will be out there. We're gonna be there for the American Century Celebrity Golf Championship in Tahoe in July. We're very excited for that.


Alright, so my last, do you want to give us who you think's gonna win the NBA title? OKC. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Is there a world where the Pacers could, could pull it off? I, I like the matchup of the Pacers versus the Knicks. Just 'cause the pace difference. Yeah. And playing, you know, I've been east most of my damn career, you know, almost all of it. But just playing both those teams. I think the, the pace of play was definitely favoring the, the Pacers OKC. I think the top to bottom is a better team. But you know, it's the NBA man, anything can happen. Yeah. You know, you grab it, you know, pray to God everybody's healthy over these next, you know, couple weeks, but you don't know until you can see him play.


But if I were to, you know, guess Yeah. I'm going with OKC. Okay. I agree with good guess with that. Yeah. That's very good. Guess I concur. Yeah. As a fellow expert. Yeah. Although Jim Boylan getting a ring with the Pacers would be cool. Huh? Oh, it'd be great. You know, I love ac to have that ring again though. Yeah. I, I'm rooting for Alex Caruso as well. Yeah. Alex Caruso and Thunder. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Alright, well Zach, thanks so much, man. We appreciate it. And we'll see you out in Tahoe. Yeah, man. Wish me luck. Don't say too much if I, if I shank one left or right. All right. Good Luck. We got you. We got your back. You're gonna, you're gonna smoke Devante. Yeah. Yeah. That's Alright y'all. All right. See you man.


Zach LaVine was brought to you by Barstow Golf Time. This golf season. Are you looking for an easier way to get out on the course? We've got you covered because the Barstow Golf Time app makes it easy for golfers to find the best tee times at the best prices. Stop searching all over Google for your next tee time or going through the hassle of calling courses. You can search multiple courses in your area, all from one app. You can get your tee time set within seconds with every action you take in the app. You earn reward points which can be redeemed for free merch in the Barstool store. You've got a big promotion going on throughout May. The top top five golfers who play the most rounds through the Barstool Golf Time app through May 31st will win a Chicago HQ Barstool tour experience. Plus one additional winner will be selected at random from golfers who play at least one round through the app in May. All you have to do is get at least one round in and you're eligible to win Spring's finally here. So come golf with us, download the Barstool Golf Time app today.


Zach LaVine was also brought to you by our great friends over at Shell. That's right. Shell Gasoline with Shell. You've got members that get more rewards, savings, and special offers with the Fuel Rewards program at Shell. They've got great snacks in the C-store and they've got shopping online at participating Merchants. Shell is the best. We've got one right next to the office here. Stop by it all the time. When I'm pushing the El Camino taking that thing out for the summer, I'm only putting Shell Premium gasoline in it. You can become a new member of the Fuel Rewards Program and save 10 cents per gallon on your first fill. 20 cents per gallon on your second and 30 cents per gallon on your third. That's great Rewards. You have to get the Fuel Rewards Program. Save 30 cents per gallon on your third fill up and get everyday savings afterwards at Shell members. Get more rewards, savings, and special offers. Join the Fuel Rewards program today at Shell.


Okay, let's wrap up the show. We got Fire Fest the week And we have a special guest in the booth. It is Zach new hire at Barstool. Three weeks in. He is a member of the cream team. He was applied initially to be Coach Gruden's assistant. Famously had some self miscommunication problems during that application process where he was told to live tweet like he was tweeting from Gruden's account and he just didn't send a single tweet for an entire half of football self miscommunication. What were the, it was, what were the tweets? What would they have been?


What was that? My bad, What would the tweets have been if you had tweeted them out? It was just gonna be highlights from the streams, but I, I didn't, there was an issue using the, the software, making sure I was doing 'em on time and they were supposed to be live. So I, I felt a little bit behind. So for the first half it was, there was zero post. It was, it was a, it was a tough look. It was a Software issue. It was a me issue. I can't blame the software all the way but Wait, when you fell behind, like if you fell, you fell like one play behind and then you're like, that's it. That's a wrap. It, it was more so encompassing the whole thing. I kind of, I messed, I messed it up. Yeah. Alright, so Zach is a, he's from Florida. He is a Bucks Tampa Bucks and New York Knicks fan and he went with the boys down to Indianapolis game four.


So we wanted to get it from you and memes obviously can chime in how the game was, what was the conversation like? You were with memes in Pug. The new PM MTV will be out in the afternoon on Friday. So tell us, tell us how it went. So I think the, I think the ga the game could have gone better. We didn't get the win at the end of the day. I think the road trip went well. There's no good banter in the car. Memes probably the MVP of the entire evening. He manned the ship to and from. He drove behind the wheel. He did. So probably about in The Moz. That Is correct. Wow. Yeah. It's a nice car, right? Yeah. Super roomy. Yeah. Tons of Headspace. It worked out well. What did You think of Chase? Small talk. I think Chase small talk went well.


He went good. He was good. Including everyone in the conversation. Sparking new topics, things like that. Yeah. If there was a pie chart that broke down the different things you talked about, what would that pie chart look like? So we got into a little bit of, little bit of tr traffic talk going through Chicago. The roads are terrible. Yep. Got into a lot of windmill talk. Okay. In Indiana. That was good. I don't know if you guys, there are a Lot, there are a lot of windmills on that. The, in that route. What was the, what Was the general consensus about the windmills? Tons of them. They do light up at night and the little freakish, if you look at 'em for too long, kind of looks extraterrestrial like. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Alright. So yeah. And then what, what other conversations were at? And we also, You don't have to keep clicking on and off 'cause we're, we'll talk to you for a while Here.


Okay. My bad. All I'll, yeah, no, that's alright. I'll click it for A little bit. Yeah. But so, so we're going through Indiana, a lot of windmills. We, there were some issues trying to get the teeth figured out 'cause Stevens were like implanted vampire Teeth. Yeah, Yeah. So there was some glue mixing in there as well. What else did we talk about? There was some parking situations, seeing if memes, we give Hooters another shot. What, what are your thoughts on the Hooters? Yeah, the Hooters gives me stomach pain Time. Oh, got it. But Zach talked to me back into Hooters. So did You try it? Memes? Yeah. Yeah. I'm back in, I'm back in, had a burger. How was, how was Pug on this trip? Oh, P Pug was the real backbone of the trip. Oh really? Because he's not a Knicks fan.


He's just from New Jersey and he was recording everything, but he was, he was the glue that kept us together. Oh. Where did that hat was a, a stunner? Well the hat was so that people knew that he was not a Knicks fan or vampire. He was a journalist human being. Alright. So and then in, in the game, how was, how was it, how was attending the game with memes? Did you guys share high fives? Hugs Attending The game was sick. There weren't any hugs. There was a few fist pounds, couple high fives. It got a little gloomy just 'cause we, it felt like we were chasing the same 10 points for about two quarters. There's also some of my rape fans around the building. There's a woman that felt as if we were recording her child the entire time. Pugs was wrongfully accused completely.


We, Oh, what happened? We sat next to, yeah, A Nightmare Woman. I saw some of the videos and it was, she basically tried to keep getting into the shot that Pug was taking of the three guys and then also being like, stop filming me. So what'd she say? She said, you, you're getting my child in your video. You have to delete it. So she was just like, can you guys stop recording this way? And then Steven very respectfully in his vampire teeth, looked at her and was just like, we, like, we're just recording ourselves like three of us. And then she just like, disrespectfully was just like, you guys are filming my child. To the point where the people behind us were like, oh my God, they're filming her kid. And then it was just, and then I had to step in and be like, no, we're like, work for a podcast.


Like You had to address the crowd Had to address the crowd. This all by the way did happen while Stephen Shaa was dressed as a vampire. What was The takeaway from, I, I know that some of the New York fans had been upset about, about the Pacers and more specifically Pat McAfee taking the mic and being like, all you out of town, sons and bitches go back home as an out of town son of a bitch. Memes. And Zach, did you guys feel like that was hostile directed at you guys? So, no. Let me, lemme tell you about their jumbotron team. Okay. They w they won the entire game. They brought the entire, every single P player who played for the Pacers ever was there.


So they started in the first, they introduced some guys like a couple first round draft picks, then they increased, then they brought out Jermaine O'Neill in the third quarter. Mm. Massive pop. You thought that was it time out in the fourth they do the let's go Pat McAfee and the crowd just went nuclear. That pretty much won them in the game. Yeah. Yeah. And he did tell you guys that you're outta here. Yeah. But is what it is. Yeah. It also sparked a run from the Knicks, but they just couldn't. He did. It was close. Massive momentum switch in the building. So I guess more importantly, what was the vibe like on the ride back? How much, how much talking? Well before, before the ride back did, did you get lost Zach? I should have took some photos of where we parked at.


I did get separated from the group and then I ended up at the wrong parking garage doing the loops. Steven said floor two and I, so I kept going back to two, like one to four, back to two thinking maybe I just missed the Mazda two or three times. And he's like, oh no, that's the wrong one. And yeah. Okay. Yeah. So I made a massive mistake there. I thought I was gonna be in Indiana for the evening. Yeah. 'cause I got a text after the game. 'cause I was on a group text with all the guys and they just said, we lost Zach. And I was like, oh, this is not gonna be good. So you were just in a different parking garage altogether? Different parking garage. I was actually very close in proximity to the two parking garages. I'm m I'm almost right there the whole time and I'm just spinning doing loops. It was rough. It wasn't good. It was a bad look.


So you're in the right spot. In the wrong parking garage. Wrong garage. Yeah. But If the car had been in that garage, you were in the exact right place to catch it? Yes, I was just little Off. Yeah, just a little. Yeah, Just a little off across, across parking The garage, across street. Alright. So, so the ride home, what was the vibe like on the ride home? A little, a little bit defeated at first. It did take some time to get out of the garage. A couple of gas stations tried to stop at, they were all locked. That didn't work out too well. We finally made to a McDonald's to get some caffeine going 'cause we wanted make sure everybody was good for the ride home. Any music Music towards the tail end of the end of the trip there? Yeah, there's, there's some playlists getting shuffled through. Okay. So memes don't listen to this, but Zach memes has a tendency to get very, very angry when his team loses.


Did he say anything or make you feel unsafe in any way? After game? Did he hit any children? No. Children were hit, no children were recorded. And I felt pretty safe the whole time. Okay. All right. Okay, now, now we're doing fire fest right now. Did you have a fire fest? I brought, I asked if you had a fire Fest. I did bring one today. Did you want, did you want me to go over it? Yeah, go ahead. Okay. So my fire fest of the week would be oversharing with Steven Che on the way home after we were at the McDonald's. Yeah. So I don't, I hope, I don't think Max has heard this. I think Hank and PFD haven't heard this. I wanted you guys to hear it. For real. What did you overshare. So this is what, what happened? We're, we're at the, we're at the McDonald's.


They say go to the third window. We go to the window, we're trying to get some coffee. The coffee takes a little bit longer than we would thought. I kind of like, you know, it's late. The game's over. We lost. It's been some time in the car. I wasn't really thinking about. I, we were just, we're just shooting the shit, you know. And me and Steven started talking about McDonald's orders and so I bring my order up and he just is, I shouldn't have shared it, but it's just two double cheeseburgers, no pickles, extra onion, two fries and 20 nuggets. And then I didn't think that would be an insane order. Well, you just tossed The 20 nuggets in at the very end. End Two. He said it to me like five fries.


And every time the 20 nuggets just get fucking tossed, like diced it. The craps table, it was like, it was the sauce that you put in at the end. What size? Fries? Large, Large fries. Oh my God. That's my favorite part. And how many days in a row was that? That week? It was the fourth or fifth day. There is a second burger place next to it that I rotated to. I know now that I probably should, I know now that it's a bigger order than some consume. I didn't think it was that crazy going into the conversation. But I now know to, to not say It again. It's two double cheeseburgers, no pickle, extra onion, two fries, and then 20 nuggets. Yeah. It's a big order. And now Zach, you've been at bars stool for three weeks now?


I have, yes sir. This is, this is, yes sir. Second and a half week. We're in the third week right now. We're in the third week. We So how many days is that? Like you're at 20 days. 20 days. Yes. How, how much weight have you gained since starting at Barstool? Anywhere between like 18 and 19 pounds In 20 days. It's not the best. Were you, Were you eating this type of meal when you were in Florida? You eating in Florida? Is that like a new thing? So I go, what, what tends to happen is I'll kind of fixate on a meal. So once I get into something that I'm enjoying, I'll then probably do, rotate that out for probably a week or two. Fair. Yeah. And then, so for the past, like two or three weeks, the burger and fries has got me in a choke hold. Yeah. And, and the problem is PFT, he got his apartment in Chicago. And how close are you to McDonald's?


So I'm 250 feet from McDonald's, 250 feet from a another burger play. Small shival. It's not, He's an alcoholic living in a Bar. It's very good. So when, when you moved here you just, you saw the McDonald's, did you move into the apartment because it was so close to the McDonald's? I did not, I did It factor at all. Were you like, Hmm, that's the extra, extra little bit that I needed to make this decision? No, I knew as, as soon as I saw McDonald's, it would probably be an issue actually having that kind of easy access to, to a McDonald's. Really? How many days in a row do you think you could go eating that same meal? I've never put something like that to the test. And hopefully not any more days. And yesterday I did switch. I Want you to be yourself. You gotta keep doing what you do.


I did switch to a chicken yesterday. Yeah. I thought that was a good call. So this is what I, I haven't heard this. I did Chick-fil-A instead of, I'm scared to ask what your order is at Chick-fil-A. No, I, I learned a lot about myself yesterday. Did some, like, some thinking and I went, I just went two sandwiches, two fries. That was it. I, that's it. That's it. You didn't get the nuggets. Two Sandwiches, two fries, no nuggets. And I, and I did, I have a little ice cream, but it's just only one Pint night. Oh yeah. So this is the part PFD and Hank, you gotta listen to. And Max, what do you usually finish your night with Again? I didn't think we'd be going over this, but I've been, and Jerry's, I like Ben Jerry's. I got good mix ins, good flavors. Netflix and Chills. Probably my favorite. The cookies and milk is also great.


Yeah. Ask PFD How much, how much spin? You said, I noticed that when you were talking earlier, you said just a little pint. That is Great. With a Chick-fil-A that implies that normally it's more than just one little pint. How much is normal? Just One to two pints. That's it. Okay. But if it's one, it's just like a little, Yeah, just No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, No. About just like a, a serving. It's, it's a point. Yeah. Yeah. You are remarkably thin for the way that you are. Yeah. You are in good shape. I am like so jealous. Yeah. I, I, I carry well and I usually just try to go with a black shirt. 'cause black is is is Same. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I keep it dark. You know what I mean? You looking at, you're looking at a black shirt cap right now. Yeah. This is what we do. But PFT, he, I, I think he's being a little, little coy here.


Zach has a strict policy that if he opens a pint, it's done. Oh yeah. Of course he does not. But then I'm the same way. Second pint. Yeah. The second it's also done. Yeah. I usually, by the time I'm done with one pint, I've had more than enough ice cream. But you, you're, you're just getting started. So you don't believe in the lid either. I'm with you. Yeah. No, I don't believe in the lid. Yeah. Like it's a no lid. Household Lid goes out with the wrapper. Yeah. Yeah. All right. So what other meals have you become fixated on? As of right now it's, it's just been burgers and fries. But you mean historically? Yeah. I mean there, there had to be one before this one, right? Oh yeah. The one before this was Turkey sandwiches and potato chips. And how many Turkey sandwiches? That was only for just two. With the, with the Chips You always Get, you are skinny for how Fast sound.


Yeah, you are. It's just like going for back for seconds, you know what I mean? Like, you ever go to like homecooked meal and you like have some spaghetti and you like, oh, I'll probably get second. So the second sandwich is just going back for for Seconds. Listen, I'm the, I'm a big proponent. I got killed for this last year. The two bagels always gotta get two bagels. That's the right way to do breakfast. One bagels never enough At all. It's a tease. When you're eating this meal, is it, is that your only meal of the day? It is. So, okay, so you eat like a snake, you have one, you do intermittent fasting every day. Yeah. It is almost a fast, yes. Yeah. So it's very healthy. Yeah. So a lot of calorie intake, but it's also then we fast through breakfast and lunch. Not too bad. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, this means, So we got to the McDonald's and I said you could order whatever you want. Like I have the company card, like order whatever you want.


And he was afraid to save that meal. So he only got a diet Coke. Oh. Why would you starve yourself? I, I didn't, it just, it felt like a safe play in the car, you know, diet. I didn't wanna be doing wrappers and stuff, get in the way. So just Oh, That's actually pretty fair. Yeah. Yeah. But still you were thinking about the order. Yeah, it crossed my mind. Yeah, it did. And the diet coke, 99% water. So not zero calories there too. Yeah. That's A great way to look at it. Yeah, it Is funny. We were just talking about the two bagels or the two sandwiches, which I actually have no problem with. But again, you just kind of sneak in the 20 nuggets. Yeah. Well I think my favorite part of, of Zach eating these giant meals and getting two of everything, even this guy knows you just need one soda.


Yeah. Right, right. You just need one. It's not gonna get crazy. Two, two Sodas is a wild move. I don't wanna Bloat. Yeah. One. Right. You wouldn't wanna bloat from the two cheeseburgers, 20 nuggets and two pints of Ben and Jerry's. Two Soda's is just crazy though. Yeah. Carbonation will do it though. Yeah, Absolutely. Alright, so Hank, you have a firefighter or did you wanna ask him a question about the cream team? Yeah, I mean, I don't really have a fire. I I I have, I have firefighter. It's not great. My fire fest was just gonna be, I was told that, you know, we were gonna have ice cream this week from you via this podcast. Yeah. And, and then today I heard loud drilling. Seems like there's nothing going on. I've talked to some people, some inside people that maybe work, you know, in the, in the kitchen here.


That, that they're not feeling hopeful No. About ever getting ice cream, let alone this week. Yeah. I was promised ice cream this week and I have not had none. Zach Was, Zach was just shaking his head when you were talking Hank. So it's just never gonna happen. We, we work in an office that can't, we Bought ice cream. We with the, we don't have the plug, well Hold on. Oh, is it, does it run 220 Or something? It's like if I bought an ice cream machine that cost me seven grand and then was told, hey, guess what? It's gonna cost double There Is just to plug it in. Just To plug it in And it might not work. Once it's plugged in, It plugs into like the dryer type plug. That's the two 20 volt Correct. Not the 110 vol. And we were, I was Told All due respect to the cream team, you gotta look at that on the specifications of the Machine.


Oh, it's, it's bad. I was told by the cream team, we had one plug that was, that could handle like one of them. Yep. And they're like, we might need to figure out a way to get the second plug. Then upon further review, we have zero plugs that can handle that Electricity. We don't have a 220 volt circuit here. So we have a, there's a two 20 outlet in the kitchen that has like a, it's got a two 20 fascia but one 10 voltage behind it. So it's a pump fake outlet. But that's no excuse for needing a second outlet at all. Right. That is kind of a weird move that they put a fake two 20 face on it. There Is a, from all from the eye, the eye test is two 20, the voltage behind it one 10 mm. Okay. But Did you know that we had two 20, the ice cream machine had two 20 when you bought it.


We knew it ran off at two 20, which is why we found out about the existing two 20 in the kitchen. Not being able to go to 1 2 20 and two 20 is a massive oversight's. Completely our fault. And I'll take full accountability for that. I'm sorry. Are There any ice cream machines that, that run off the regular voltage? There are, but the thing is, they two flavors is need was a, is a was needed. You need more power. Need two flavors. Yeah. Need two compressors. And the one flavor was shot down. So we're like, well we gotta make this work. Yeah. They, they tried to give me one flavor. I was like, absolutely not. You need To over under 20 grand spent before an ice cream is consumed. It's gotta be under Okay. Be under panic. So it's gotta Be Do they make two?


Do they make It's not at 12 right now. It's, it's so under. It's so under, But we're at 12 but we don't have ice Cream. 12 is not good. But ice cream is coming super soon. Do they make generators for 220 volts? Sorry, the, I, we could run off a generator. I don't know if you wanna do this kind of fumes inside and the noise, but we could, we can't pivot now. The electrician was here, but I don't know if a generator would've Worked. What are the chances that we don't get ice cream Ever, ever, ever. If I, that can't be, that can't be it. I know. I need a percent because there is a, there is a chance that there's, there's 12 grand for nothing. Anything can happen. We couldn't, we might not wake up tomorrow, but So 1%, One per oh, so you're saying 99, 90 9% chance there will be soft serve Experiencing ice cream.


Yeah. Okay. Experiencing ice. We will be experiencing ice Cream before or after July 4th break. Oh. Before I've put a hard date on them. Wednesday, Wednesday. Wednesday is when I want, what happens if I want cream on Wednesday? But a hard date means that, like what happens if we get past Wednesday? Well here's what we're dealing with with the cream team. And specifically Zach, he told me that when he found out that there was gonna cost an additional five grand he wanted to puke and I told him, you should have puked. 'cause I would've liked to see the puke. So I think that if we don't get it Wednesday, I'm gonna at least get to see him puke. That's fair. That's super fair.


Yeah. Okay. Zach, I appreciate that you took accountability for it. That you're like, it's an unacceptable mistake all on me hand up, but whose fault really was it? It is my fault. A hundred percent. Then See Mincy Mincy Not Min's fault. Mincy did great getting a free topping dispenser, so I can't, I can't do that. Yeah, that Was his, that Sounds, that sounds like a complicated task. Jacob. Jacob. Not Jacob's fault either. Okay. And you're Pete. Are you, is there any concern, like from the, from Good point. Where did you buy the ice cream machine from? You don't have to name names, but like I was just thinking like out loud. Why would you sell an ice cream machine that works well? Oh, they, so they needed to go, this restaurant establishment needed to go small cheval to an even bigger Okay.


Machine. It's small Val's ice cream machine Is, they have good ice cream there. Yeah, I've eaten that ice cream. Yeah. So they just needed to get a bigger machine for the demand of like the, the Uber Eats delivery, all the delivery services and the in-house. Yeah. Yeah. Which we do have a high demand here, but it's, I would imagine a little less demand than the Wednesday. We're gonna be stress testing. Yeah. I, yes sir. I do think that there's a good chance that Pete is actually to blame for this because putting a fake plate on an outlet, having it look like it's two 20 when it's not, that is a wild boy move. And there's a one snake that I can think of Yep. That would do something like that because he was like, they're never gonna figure this out. They're not gonna run two 20 off of this. They're not gonna buy an ice cream machine That's fuck that's got all business.


Pete's sticky little fingers all over. It Could have been an honest mistake from Not Pete. Not Pete Fair. This is a fuck Pete podcast. Okay. So get in line. Zack. Yes sir. Go ahead. I'm in line. No, no, no. What I Say it Fuck Pete. Say it. Say it. Fuck Pete. Say it Pete. Say it. F Pete. Okay. F Pete. I'll take f Pete. This is like a, this is like the initiation into a Gang. Yeah. You'll get there one day. Say it. You'll get there young man. Yeah. Alright. P ft. Your so we're gonna get, we're we're creaming on Wednesday. Wednesday. Yeah. Can't wait. Cream time baby. Yeah. Yeah. We're creaming on Wednesday.


Zach, I look forward to serving you guys. Soft star ice cream. Yeah. I look forward to getting it from you. And you know, you feel like you're gonna puke right now? Yeah. It's, it's going. Is the electrician done? I haven't checked with him as of right now, but it sounded like a lot, a majority of the work was getting done today. I would, I don't wanna give you a hard answer on that 'cause I don't wanna be misinformed you at all. Tell Me because if He's not done by tomorrow. Yeah. Well we still need to tailor, that's what I'm saying, reps to come and set it up. Tell me a little bit more about the toppings dispenser that you've Acquired. So it's a, a freestanding or I believe we may be able to get away with a, a side mount, but we know we're gonna go side mount with the cone. So we gotta make sure we don't run out of a side mount space. It's like a three deven slots for some, some classic toppings that we can rotate in and out.


What Are we thinking for the toppings? You guys have theses Reese's. Reese's. We can do Reese's. Okay. Hot fudge. There is also a fudge warmer. No, that's not to, you may be able to dip your cone into Some fudge. Oh, what? Yeah. Fudge warmer. Holy Shit Curtain. That's like a Yeah. Dispensed topping. What about maybe classic sprinkles? We can do sprinkles. Yeah, I think you gotta go Crush Oreo. I dunno if you guys like that, but Yeah. It could also be an option. I think we go, I think we start with the basics. Maybe crush Oreo. Reese's Sprinkles. You Know what I like my ice cream a little bit. Peanut butter. Mm. Peanut butter in the ice cream is a, is a treat. They actually, Reese's actually makes like a milkshake centric peanut butter sauce Mm.


Can put in Your ice cream as well. Maybe we look into that. Wow. Yeah. Okay. I'm definitely open to flirting with the idea of extravagant toppings, but I think we played the hits early. Okay. Let's Flirt Wednesday's gonna be great. Great. Yes ma'am. Wednesday's gonna be great. Pug wants some vegan ice cream. No, no denied. See you. I mean, we can't even get ice cream. The cream team. Imagine if I gave Zach the task getting vegan ice cream. He'd puke everywhere. They They have like oat milk ones. Nope. No. Nope. No. We're listen pug, we're In no taste. Just as good. Come on. We're in no position right now to be saying what kind of ice cream we want. We're Lactose intolerance binary. Why don't you be a man and just get diarrhea like the rest of us.


Why don't you be a man and get diarrhea? Like the rest of us Shouldn't have to get diarrhea to enjoy the great taste of ice cream. Okay. You gotta prove that you want it though. You're doing a great job, Zach. If you eat ice cream every day, eventually your stomach will Will. Yeah. Right. Harden up. Yeah. Be a man. I'm pretty sure they make like oat Milk once. No, get outta here. Take his, take his mic away and and take the headphones back. Zach. You're doing a great job. It's not ice cream. There's no cream. If it's milk, it's cream. It's cream flavor. No cream flavor. They have it at Wrigley and it bothers me every time I see it. It really does. It bothers the fuck out of me doing a great job. Zach, I saw you take off your glasses and kind of wet your face 'cause you're nervous.


You're doing a great job. I appreciate Thank you sir. I appreciate that. Yeah, we're gonna, we're gonna try to continue to do that for you. Yeah. Wednesday. I like the Wednesday. I like the we a lot Wednesday. Yeah. We're working hard. Yeah, We're Doing our best. I also, do you have the mission accomplished? Banner Banner's Not in hand yet now. Alright, We gotta get the banner. I wanted a mission accomplished banner for the first day Of cream. That's good. Yeah. Alright. Pt, you're fire fest. My fire fest of the week is that I quit golf last week after a, it was a strenuous round that I played with with Henry at his club. And I don't know if you guys have ever experienced this, but you get so bad during a round or so bad at something that you just completely mentally break Every Time.


And you're like, I I never wanna look at a golf club again every time. Never wanna, never want to talk to Hank about golf. Never wanna watch golf on TV anymore. Just fully on. I I convinced I've never seen you like this. I convinced myself I I was gonna say fuck golf to the extent that I wanted to become a foot golfer Mm. And do the soccer, golf and then make it my mission to lobby to have more foot golf courses installed on real golf courses just to fuck with every golfer in the city of Chicago. I love that. Which I still might do. That's up in the air by the way. I think I could be a professional, like top half percent foot golfer in the world. Think I got a, a future in that. Okay. So I quit golf. I was very happy with my decision to quit golf.


I've been thinking about not playing golf all week and it feels great. And then today got a little tap on the shoulder and I think I have to come outta retirement for playing golf. Mm. Because I've been invited to the invitational here at Barstool, the internet invitational to play golf. And I stink at golf. So, which I'm gonna have a sick handicap. Yeah. The the timing of it is crazy. You just quit golf. Yeah. I, so the internet invitational something that foreplay and our guys from Bob does sports been working on. Maybe like a month and a half ago, I made a plea to Dave to have either PFT or Hank in this tournament because I was like, Hey, we're doing this.


We got a pretty big podcast. Be cool if one of the guys I'm not gonna be in it 'cause I'm not good at golf. One of them should be in it. And Dave was like, no. And we got a hard no. I stopped fighting. I was like, I'm just not gonna fight for it. And then out of the blue right after you quit, you get an invitation The second to quit. I can't quit this thing. It's like a bad penny. It's like a cat that follows you after you move. Like, I had already moved on mentally. Yeah. I was like, he told me no, I asked, I actually, Hank was with me the first time I asked and I said I should be you, you're fighting for me. And I was like, it's gonna be, I just wanted you to Play more golf. And then yeah, I fought for you like three months ago. Then I tried one last shot like a month and a half ago and then I was like, I'm done. I'm not gonna, we're not invited.


It's fine. And now you're invited. So now I, I can't quit golf so now I'm back print the press release. I'm back and I'm gonna need all of your help, Hank. Alright. Can we, I I this I I this Is bad because Hank's just gonna play so much more golf Now. No, but it's teaching. No, I want, I I just wanna help. I wanna help. I'm not gonna be coaching about million help get you coaching and I, I'll take 30%. 15. Okay. That was a great negotiation by Hank. Yeah. You know, 'cause 'cause we played, we played with someone we played with a couple years ago. The first time you played there you broke a hundred and it was not going as well this time. And I was like, I think, you know, PF t's probably, I've probably seen PFT in the simulator for probably, I don't like total 40, 50 hours combined over the course of the fall and winter.


Only hitting driver, only driver and only hitting driver as hard as you can possibly hit it. Facts. That's step one. We're putting the driver away until the in we we're practicing the other club. You know what this sounds like, like we're gonna, we're gonna try. Hank And I have that long drive Hit some irons. Hank And I have that long drive where He owes me a thousand dollars per yard at top. But you Didn't even, you Hit The first point. You drive on on Friday, Hank, you hit one good drive on Friday. How far did it go? You hit, you hit one good drive on Friday. How far did it go? It went like 320 yards. It fucking bomb. It was a fucking bomb. But we're you're playing golf for a million dollars. Would you rather win a million dollars or win a couple thousand off you? Yeah, but I'm taking 15%. Would I rather win a million dollars or would I rather win like $50,000 out of Hank's pocket?


That is actually a good question. Also in the internet invitational, as far as, as I know and I don't know much about this, you're competing against like 31 other golfers in the Hank PFT long drive. You were competing just against all Against. Don't say you won my help, but then just turned down the literal first piece of advice. Hank it was the, it was very suspicious how your first piece of license Back factor For not hitting driver at All. Backer fiction. You've gotten worse at golf since we've had a simulator in this office at I've gotten worse at some parts Of golf. You can't drive you PFU hit like 10 drives at abounds. What? Hey hank's not Allowed to do the fingers. When the fingers are Not, your fingers are for you. You're not allowed to, you're not allowed to want help. Put the fingers down. I wanna help. But you have to put the fingers down.


Put the fingers, put the fingers down. You have to them Down. Oh, now the guns are out. Yep. Guns, Guns, guns. Hank you have a long drive competition coming up in a month and a half against PFT and your first piece of advice is put the driver down. The first one, the very first thing you said, you could've at least Been like Yeah. Kind of sneaky about it. I the long drive competition. You have to hit 'em straight too. Like if you're, if you're, if you're spraying 'em, those aren't gonna count. You have to hit the fairway. I have to hit one straight. That's all. Alright. But Hank, I I would, I'm not gonna listen to your driving advice 'cause why did I take advice from somebody that can't drive? Alright. Just hit other clubs. Start there. Okay. You can, you can drive as well, but like, let's, let's, let's try and, you know, hit clubs at a normal speed.


I'm gonna need you to coach me. I'm gonna need you to coach me hard. That's Baring in a bad spot. But I will, This is a good spot. No, I know. I'm just, I'm, I'm Also proud. Sounds like we gotta make some golf videos. Yeah. For work. Shit. Shit. Sounds like we gotta get back in the golf video. I'm gonna make it my singular mission to win the million dollars. And you know what I'm gonna do with that million dollars? We're gonna have a fucking party, boys. Oh, I thought you were gonna say more ice cream. We're gonna get That's what I, we're gonna have an ice cream party. Oh Yes. Ice cream. So petting zoo, petting zoo for the office. I'm gonna tusi I'm gonna make it Rain tusi tui's gonna be in the topping bar. The ice Cream. Oh, I'm excited for UPFT.


Yeah, I'm excited too. Except it felt great to quick golf. It really did. I, I might have to just quick golf after this, But I think we're learning lessons that like quitting golf led you to this. Me giving up trying to get you guys in led you to this. Yeah. Max. Not DMing. Rebecca Romaine's gonna end up with an affair with Rebecca Romaine. Like, this is what you have to do. I think what, You know what you gotta do What? Give up on the ice cream. No, shut Up. No, no, No, no. Yeah, no that's, it's a good lesson that quitting sometimes works really well. Yeah. It's some, it's the best thing that you can do. Yeah. Alright. Well to be continued. To be continued. Alright. My fire fest.


Simple one. I fell for a phishing scam. That was a test by our own company. It's bullshit. We don't have to talk about It. What was it? What was the link? Okay, so What was the link? I have not clicked on a bar stool email in probably five years. Like It's just, it comes from like people at Bar Stool. Yeah. Like it just says that I don't on it. The, the the person sending it, it's not a name. It's just like Barstool Sports. Right. And I don't click on 'em. There's like HR training. Haven't clicked on any of those. This one happened to be a free Uber Eats gift card for $50. Wait, so that was the subject of the fucking email. Yes.


And I clicked on it and it took me to a, a fake phishing site that said you just got hacked. Please learn about cybersecurity. But it said that, it said it was from Barstool. Right. It Looked so real. And not only that, shut up Hank. I'm fine. I'll say the other part too. I did also click on it again later that night. 'cause I was like, maybe if you click on it once the second time they give you the thing. Now I'm not gonna point fingers to anyone in this room for why this might have happened. Yeah. The the, it sends you to a site that says, oops, you opened a phishing test. Don't fret. This is an opportunity to learn more about how to identify actual malicious attacks. As a result, you've been assigned the following cybersecurity training.


Oh. So now you have to do the Training. I'm not doing the training. I'm not clicking on any emails ever again. Can I just, and again, I'm not making excuses. Nope. I'm not pointing the finger at anyone. Nope. Did this happen? Am mere hour or two after I was told that the cream team has failed in their first, in their initial attempt to get the, the ice cream machine plugged in. Zach, Was it within, in, in the timeframe? Yes. I saw $50 free Uber Eats gift card and I was like, I'm just gonna buy some ice cream. He was in a very emotional, emotionally vulnerable state.


Correct. And If the machine was up, you would've never hit The email. Never would've hit the email That, 'cause you don't need $50 from Uber Eats to order ice cream. If you have your own ice cream Right At, you don't need 50 some Uber Eats ever. So, so that's on us. It's so bad that it was Uber Eats. If it was anything else, it would've been like, ha ha I got, If it was like hypothetically a toll, an unpaid toll that you Literally just, someone was like, Free. You're paying a bill. Like you don't need free food. Free food. It was a free food text I would've answered. I was like, I gotta, I don't wanna to get fucking the IRS to Kill me. It was bad. It was bad. It was bad. But I do think that, again, not to point fingers at the ice cream machine. Not up was a killer. You were hungry. I was Hungry and I wanted ice cream.


Bad. Mentally free ice cream. Spiritually. Yeah. Free ice cream is better than any ice cream in the entire world. Who can we point the finger at really though, Zach, That's on us. Yeah, that's on us. I like that Zach. That I, I like accountability's. Alright Zach, well everyone tune into pm MTV Zach on the way to indie with memes, pug and Steven Sha. Great job Zach. We'll finish with numbers. You get to guess first. No, you said numbers. I said he gets to guess first said that you said numbers. Oh, that was fucked up. Memes. I, you, The guest always guesses first though. Yeah. What Would you like to guess? Zach? I'll just go with 10. Okay. For what? 10. Just, just, just for 10?


Yeah. Not, not a reason. I like, I like 10. Smooth. Smooth round number. Yeah. Smooth. Okay. It Is smooth. I'll go for four. June 4th. Ice cream. Ice cream. Opening day. When is the invitational? I'll go 71. I'll go 15. Hank, what's my target score to win the invitational? I have no idea how the format works and what the handicap is, but net. My handicap is max your Net, you're gonna have to be net seventies, which means like whatever your score is, minus 25 strokes or whatever, like you're gonna have maybe even net sixties. I'm gonna go, the guys in This invitational are like phenomenal golfers. I'm gonna go 66. I think that Wins. Net 66 would be, yeah, Competitive Net 66.


Which means you'd have to shoot like a 90. That's possible. Okay. 66. You can do It. You can do it. Alright. Wait. So number three for memes. 10 for Zach. Four. I go 71 66. Six, Nine. Nine. Poke, You're have to shoot one shrimp shoot net 66 like four Times 37. I can Max. What was your number? 15? Come on Zach. Come on Zach. 10. For Zach. 25. 25.


Love you.