
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music On today is part of my take. We have a two for for the People. We have an awesome interview with Wright Thompson, incredible author, talking about stories about Tiger Woods, Michael Jordan, all the books he's written. Really, really cool guy. Awesome to talk to him. And then we have our good friend Mike Florio talk a little, OTAs talk a little football. We're also got a lot of news to talk about the Indiana Pacers Steeler Game, one in Oklahoma City. Incredible. Start the NBA Finals.


We're gonna talk about the Stanley Cup. Final game one, we're gonna talk about Aaron Rogers to Pittsburgh. We have Fyre Fest Of The Week, a great show sending you into the weekend.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings in a sequel better than the original. We're gonna find out at UF C3 16. It's a rematch. Nine months in the making. Get in on all the action DraftKings Sports book, the official sports betting partner of UFC. It's a huge night of fights headlined by a rematch between Alish, veley and O'Malley as O'Malley looks to avenge the unanimous decision that saw ish Philly. Take the Bantam weight title back in September. First time betting on UFC at DraftKings. It's easier than you think. Just pick something simple like a fighter to win and Make your pick. That's all there is to it. And if you're new to DraftKings, here's your shot and cashing in right now. New customers bet $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins US C3 16 and DraftKings one night only for a shot to win some cash, download the DraftKings Sports Book app now and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Wire at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio. Okay, let's go. Hey, football guy. Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings UF C3 16 and DraftKings one night only for a shot to win some cash. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app now and use code take, that's code take for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours.


Today is Friday, June 6th, and the Indiana Pacers have done it again. They stole game one in Oklahoma City. These pacers, they just keep doing it. PFT, it's insane. They have come back from 15 points down or more five times in these playoffs. That's the single most in a playoffs since 1997. It's just the Pacer's game plan is to lull you to sleep, being giving you a 10 point lead and then in the last three minutes, fuck your world up. And that's what they did to the O KC Thunder. Again, You should let the Pacers take a lead. Yeah, you should go into the fourth quarter losing by six points against the Indiana Pacers, and I bet you'd win like 75% of those games.


It's crazy what they've done in these playoffs. Just like Ryan Celo said, don't count the pacers out. He liked the Pacers. So credit to Ryan for, for being the only one aboard that train. It was crazy at the, I think when, when Halliburton got the ball, I thought it was gonna go in at that point. It's just like, okay. Same story. But up until that point I was still like, surely they can't do this again. Right? They didn't need until 0.3 seconds left in the entire game. If NBA playoff, if NBA games were 45 minutes long, the Pacers would be a lottery team. Yeah, it was cr it it was, it was. I mean, they, they, we shouldn't be shocked because they, they've done this so many times, but it still is shocking because the competition keeps going up a level and it's like, no, the, this isn't gonna happen for game one.


Oklahoma City, like the, the Thunder we're in control of this game for pretty much the entirety for 45 minutes. It was not like, yeah, it was, there would be a run here, run there, but it just felt like they were always in that 10 point range, but they never got the kill shot. And with 9 32 left in the game, they had their largest lead of the game, which was 15 points. And then the Pacers outscored them 32 to 16 in the last 9 32 incredible fourth quarter from them. Halliburton is an absolute just ice in ice in the veins. Killer Halda. He just does it time, time and time again.


I just, I don't know what to say. Like, the Pacers are so much fun. There's been an incredible run this, this finals obviously had going into it. There's a lot of talk about, you know, is OKC gonna kill him? You know, the ratings, whatever, blah, blah, blah. And then the Pacers just show up and they're like, Hey, you know, you want some fun games, let's make it an incredible game won. And everyone buckle up because you're never safe with the Indiana Pacers. How many players do you think have more last second game winning shots than Tyrese Halliburton in the course of the Playoffs? I believe this is since the year 2000. Mm. Probably like, I mean, is it none Since, excuse me, since 1997, final five seconds of fourth quarter in overtime since 1997 in the playoffs.


It's one guy. How many? It's LeBron James. He has eight. Yeah. Tyrese. Halliburton has five. It's crazy. It's And how many does he have in this, in this playoffs alone? Three. I, yeah, I think three. Yeah. It's, it's nuts. And, and they're just like, the thunder. SGA was awesome tonight. Yeah, Lou Dot was awesome tonight. Their defense. What were the, what was the turnovers in the first half? Was it 18 turnovers? 19, I think 19 turnovers. Were You like when you saw like the halftime lead, what was it, 10 points? Yeah, it was, no, it was 12 points. 12 points at halftime. And it felt like the thunder could have been up. Like the Thunder didn't play that great offensively in the first half.


They were just no incredible on defense. And it felt like the lead was way bigger than 12 points even at that point. So I, I don't know. I don't know what the Pacers are doing. I don't know what Rick Carlisle is doing. I don't know what, what makes them so different other than the fact that they just, they, they always believe that they can win until the very last second. But this must be the best thing ever to be an Indianapolis Pacers fan. It must be, yeah. And it's, it must be the best time these playoffs have to just feel like crack just hit after hit after hit of crack. Yeah. And it's, it, I mean, I think it's a testament to their conditioning, their pace. Like they just, and, and Richard Jefferson actually made a really good point in the first half where you could see it in the first quarter where the Pacers pace, which they liked to play at, they needed to dial it down a little bit because they were just playing too frenetic.


The, the thunder were in every single passing lane. And once they kind of got in a little bit of a rhythm and in control in that second half, and especially the fourth quarter where they scored 35 points against the best defense in the league. It just, it's, and you just give Halliburton a chance at the end. And that's all that matters. They, the, the, the, the Pacers led for 0.3 seconds of this game. Yeah. Point three seconds of this game. It was insane. They're so fucking fun. And I don't really know what else to say then they're so much fun to watch. And like, they always get, the thing that you that I love watching about the this Pacers team is they just, it feels like they always have guys stepping up.


Like Obie Toppin was incredible tonight. He was five for eight from three. They, you know, they had six guys in, in double figures. Like, it just feels like they get something from everyone. And like, and TJ McConnell had not, you know what I mean? Like, they, they have so many guys and they're so deep that they get something from everyone and they all pick up each other. Like Tyrese Halliburton looked very passive in the first half, and he's not, like he was, it's not like he lit the world on fire in terms of like, the overall game. He, he was, he was very good rebounding the ball. But like, it doesn't matter because other guys will step up, up like Emhart hit a big three. That's like, they just have guys that step up in big moments and they're so much fun to Watch.


Yeah. Nihart, he didn't play that well. He shot not, not great really, but in the fourth quarter he made, he always, like, when it comes time to actually do something important, Nihart is always there making shots. Yeah. It was, it was not sc can we talk? So I I don't really know. I mean, I I wanna say the Thunder are gonna kill him in, in game two because that just feels like how these things go. Where it's like, hey, now there's, you know, you, if you're the Pacers, you went down to Oklahoma City, you stole Game one. The little bit of the pressure's off OKC on the other side's, like, we really blew this badly. So it feels like there'll be an adjustment there, but no matter what, like there was a lot of people who thought this would serious series would be very quick.


I think the Pacers are like, it's gonna be hard to beat the Pacers in, in Indianapolis. So what, you know, the Indiana Pacers are for real. I don't know. I, it's crazy. I know that it's like crazy to say, even though they're already in the NBA finals, but they were that big of a underdogs and this game just it at some point what they're doing is not fluke. It's just this is how they do it. They, they, they just ha they step up in big moments while other teams kind of crumble down the stretch. And I think it does speak to like SG a's incredible MVP when you need a bucket at the end. It's kind of like he's just going to, he's gonna try to do it himself. When the Pacers need a bucket at the end, anyone could get it for him.


Yeah. I don't know. I I think we're all confused. Nobody saw this coming. Literally no one. I'm not even confused. I'm just like, this is awesome. It Was awesome. It's, it's great. I just, every time I watch it, it's, it is the same thing that happens over and over again. And every time I'm like, how the hell did they do that? Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah. So yeah. Congrats to the Pacers. Congrats. And you did it without Caitlyn Clark in the building. Yeah. Which they have two games coming up with Caitlyn Clark. So if they win those, if they hold serve with Caitlyn Clark, it's at least going seven. Yeah. And we still gotta figure out the Valkyrie situation. The, can we talk real quick about the Obama Nation of ESPN and their broadcast of the, of the, of the, the NBA finals.


You Didn't like Richard piss me off saying, saying that Halliburton was shooting tour dates out there. No, that actually was kind of a funny line. I actually liked that. No, I'm talking about the fact that we didn't get like a true NBA finals game. One intro video. We didn't get to see the player introductions. And there is not a single thing on the court that will tell you that it's the NBA finals. And listen, I know people were like, Hey, why, what'd they do with the big Larry O'Brien? The big Larry O'Brien hasn't been around for like 10 plus years, but I look back and there's been some years where there hasn't been anything. Maybe it's because, and this maybe isn't, this isn't fair because it's Oklahoma City and it just looks weird.


'cause it's not like, it's not like watching an NBA finals where it's the Lakers or the Celtics or you know, a court or the, the Warriors or the Heat where you've seen a bunch of them. How do you not have just like a script NBA finals? How do you not have anything, maybe even on the baseline there? It's the same argument I make with the, with the throwback jerseys or the alternate jerseys. When I watch a highlight of a, of this game 10 years from now, I wanna know it was the NBA finals and there's nothing on the fucking court except YouTube tv. It's crazy. So I, I was looking Good job. YouTube tv you gave us the fucking fast forward that has the Larry O'Brien on it. Nice touch, put it on the court.


I know I'm gonna, I sound like an old man right now, but it really bothered me. I would Like, there, I want it to feel different. I would like there to be NBA finals and script on the baseline at the minimum. That's the, that's the minimum. Minimum, minimum. And then what ideally you should have is a little logo on the wood where the, you know, the sign that says Paycor Arena, maybe on the other side of the court from that, put the NBA finals and have the word finals in elegant cursive and maybe NBA is in, in block letters. And then the year is, and, And have us and, and have us give us an intro. Give us an intro that makes us feel something like, this is the NBA finals. You should get us people. This is the one game, especially game one is like the one game a year where you should be wanting to sit at your TV 15 minutes early to see, you know, the intros, the player, the players being introduced, the, the intro graphics, everything.


They didn't do shit. I don't understand. And guess what, if it's the NBA cup in the middle of December, they do all this shit with the court. So I don't know what, listen, I like Adam Silver as your current guest when he comes on, we can tell him this to his face. You have to make the NBA finals feel special. It has to feel special. And it has to feel like when I watch it, when I watch back clips 20 years from now, I have to be like, that was the NBA finals. Not, that was just a great game. The Pacers and, and Thunder played, you know, in the middle of February. I'll be honest, I don't really care as much about the intro videos. I I don't spend a lot of time watching the pre-game. That part's not important to me, but the part Oh dude. I mean, here's where that's iconic though. Here wait, wait, wait, wait. Here. Here's where I think the intro videos play Game one kind of plays.


Yes. And then in a closeout game kind of play. Besides that, like, I don't really give a shit about the intro videos, but it should Oh, I wouldn't say I wouldn't care about if it was game three that didn't play it, I wouldn't care. But Game one should have an intro video of how they got there. At least, at least put the words NBA finals on the courts that I know that the game's important because sometimes my brain is dumb and I'm seeing the Thunder and the Pacers playing on TV and I forget in the middle of it, oh yeah, this is the NBA finals we're dumb. Put that on there. Remind us all the time of it. And Del Larry O'Brien Trophy would be nice to have. But what about this? What if the winner of the NBA finals, what if they get to put the Larry O'Brien trophy on their court for the entire next season? That'd be fine. But I just need something. I I don't, I don't care about next season.


I want the NBA finals to feel special. It doesn't feel special. I just see YouTube tv. That's all I see. It pissed me off. I I do, I sound like an old man yelling at a cloud right now. I feel like a lot of people were with me. No, I mean, listen, the the fact that they didn't have it on the court did irritate me. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And I know, I know that it hasn't been like, I went and looked back and there's some years that they just don't have anything. But, and so it might be partially because it was just like so large YouTube tv and it is again, OK c's not like the court. It just looks different. 'cause it's a different shade of blue than we're used to in the NBA finals. So I'm not trying to pick on OKC. It's not their fault.


ESPN. Yeah. I just want it to feel special. I wanna feel, I wanna feel special. I, you know what? I Wanna feel like I'm watching something special. You know what I, I love Thunder recurring guest. He should have had Delirium O'Brien Trophy on his body. Yeah. That, that feels like maybe a closeout game. Like if they're up, if they, if they got up in the series and they were, and like they could win, but they also could like, not a game seven, like a game five or six where they're like, oh yeah, they could, it's, it's in the Building had have Adam Silver present Thunder to the owner. Yeah. Hank you agree, right? Yeah. I mean they should definitely have the, the logo or something. Or even the jerseys don't look, don't look the same.


Yeah. The script The script is fine. I take the script. It also, I think it was because the game felt like a blowout and the series felt like a blowout and people were just looking for something to talk about and then all of a sudden that changed. But like, that felt like that was gonna be the story of the finals for the first like three quarters was just like, where is the logos? Is that I agree with that. And that was, that was definitely my, my thought in the beginning of the game was like, oh, this is fucking bullshit because I want it to feel special doesn, it's like this series is gonna be quick. And then I like came full circle and went all the way around where I was like, I just watched an incredible game one and now I'm even more mad that they don't have anything special on the Court to commemorate it. Yeah. If I'm, if I'm a Thunder fan, I, I protest this like how sovereign citizens they get in court and they're like, that flag doesn't have the yellow tassels on it.


I don't have to pay my speeding ticket. Yeah. Like that game should not count as an NBA finals loss. That was a, that was a mid-February loss. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. That was, yeah. That, that, that eliminated us. No, see that's the thing. The fucking NBA cup has the craziest course. Yeah. Can't even say it was an NBA Cup game. We would know what A NBA Cup game is. Memes. Are you okay? I'm okay. That that was a flashback for you. Flashback. I'm still shocked. Okay. Alright. I'm just memeing over here. Okay, max. We, we already talked about Villanova Pope without you and Jay Wright.


So No one knows what it's gonna do for recruiting. Yep. No one that's, That's Take It's it's, it's never been done before. No one knows we Talked About. No, There's a lot of people getting, getting on me saying that a lot of high school basketball players aren't Catholics and it won't mean anything to them. But you won't know you. No. Literally nobody knows. Nobody Knows. Yep. Not a single person knows. Literally no one knows. It's Never Been done before. Did we do a bad job by not bringing up, I mean, max, we cover your ears, please. All right, so, so Jay Wright. Like that's, I like to talk about Jay Wright in front of Max. Do we do a bad job by not mentioning Dan Hurley's name? Because I've seen that. Mm, I've seen that a lot.


Mm. But that would actually be what Max Wants. I know. So we can't that's Yeah. We don't want to say that. That's, and then everyone Back me up by saying that Jay Wright and never wants to coach again. I'm sorry, I I was listening. We heard, actually we heard different reports later on in the show. So you'll have to listen to that. Yeah. We have a, we have someone who's got an inside knowledge who In fact, we might just, sounds like he's cut this entire apart because we already discussed it. Yeah. He's close. Fanta more inside than John Fanta. You don't trust John Fanta. Yeah, I'd say more buddy. I'd say more inside than John Fanta. You'll, I guess you'll have to tune into us talking about it because Yeah. We got an insider more inside than John Fanta. Okay. Disrespected John Fanta. That's, that's what kind of show he do now. No, no, no, no.


Fanta No, no. John Fanta would agree. Our insider is more inside than John Fanta. No he wasn't. Yeah He would. Yes he would. Alright, let's, you know what? Let's kick it to ourselves. Let's find out. Okay.


Back in studio before we get to everything that's happening. Gametime Gametime Football is back. The 2025 NFL schedule is out and the only place you should be getting your ticket is Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. We're planning our fall schedule and circling the games we want to go to with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NFL tickets. So Gametime makes scoring NFL tickets faster and easier. They have exclusive discounts and you can find seats for as low as a hundred dollars. The Gametime guarantee means you can trust, you'll get a hundred percent authentic NFL tickets on time and for the best price plus fees are always included. So what you see is what you'll pay. We're looking at tickets. Hank. Yep. What do we got? We're Looking at the Indianapolis Colts. Yeah. Titans at Colts. Sunday, October 26th. Yeah. You can get in at for $38. Love that. Guess the spread. Daniel Jones starting. I think it's gonna be Danny Jones. Yeah, I'd say Colts minus two and a half. Whoa. No, I think Cam Ward's gonna set the world on fire. It's still home field In a good way. Yeah, but roof open or closed. That's the real Question. Roof open. Roof open. So what are you waiting for? Go buy those cults Titans tickets. Now take the guesswork outta buying NFL tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime.


We're also brought to you by our friends at McDonald's. This episode of Pardon My Take is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips. The new mc crispy strips are here. It's chicken made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery breading. Look at this. Oh my God. It is delicious. It's chicken. So good. It deserves its own sauce. The creamy chili Mc crispy strip dip a sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But it works with any of their sauces. We love these. I'm gonna take a dip right now. PFT. That looks golden. That looks, I'm gonna dip. Amazing. I'm gonna dip. I'm gonna dip. It's juicy man. That is delicious. Do you love them while I chew? Oh, I love them so much. And the new creamy dippy dipping sauce. Mm. That stuff is amazing. So new mc crispy strips with a new creamy chili Mc mc crispy strip dip. It's chicken made for dipping only at McDonald's. We love it so much. And seriously The Creamy Chili mc Crispy. Unbelievable sauce. Unbelievable sauce. Maybe Mount Rushmore sauces. We should do it.


Okay. Everything has happened. Everything has happened. We're back in studio. We already talked about NBA finals game one. Everything has happened. All the news has happened all at once. We're gonna get to Florio and Wright Thompson Florio, we talked about this with him. Aaron Rogers, when is he? Is he will he? What's gonna happen? And then in the afternoon after we recorded with him, Aaron Rogers has agreed to a one year deal with the Pittsburgh Steelers. He's back the Steelers long national nightmare of being like, yeah, Mason Rudolph, he might actually be okay. Is over. 'cause you know that there were Steelers fans and I love Steelers fans. I love the city of Pittsburgh. There were some Yinzer out there that have spent a long time thinking about maybe Mason Rudolph is the Guy.


No, they talked themselves into it. Some of them I think any fan base probably would. But yeah, we've gone into some, there have been some rough off seasons for us where we have to convince ourselves Oh yeah. Of certain guys. Oh yeah. Going next year. And it, it's shocking how easy it is to do. So I'm sure that Pittsburgh is now, they get to be happy, excited about Aaron Rodgers not worrying about like is he going to sign? How come he hasn't signed yet? What was your favorite part of the Mason Rudolph era? Mm. Assault? No. Well the, in the most recent As the starting quarterback OTAs. I'm sure he threw a nice spiral. I think Mine was how he handled the Steelers drafting. Will Howard? Yes. As a starter. Yes. I thought that was a textbook example in class being a welcoming teammate.


Aaron Rodgers could learn a lot from that. That's Facts. Also this, the Steelers fans talking to themselves in Mason Rudolph. It's weird because obviously we think Steelers. Think Ben Berger, how many years he was there, how great he was. Two Super Bowls. The Steelers are kind of like a mini cults right now on their run because 2022 week one starter was Mitch Trubisky. 2023 week one starter was Kenny Pickett. 2024. Week one starter was Justin Fields. Obviously Russell Wilson played a lot in that season too. And then 2025 it is Aaron Rogers. So four years, four different week one starters. I'm excited that Aaron Rogers is gonna be back in league just 'cause it's something to talk about. I'm not excited about November 23rd when he comes to Chicago and if he wins that game, he's gonna be like, still own You.


Oh, I own Chicago. I love Chicago. What I, I love this place. They don't Love me. But he does have like some juicy games. 'cause it's week one against the Jets. So I Was gonna say, what, what do you think was going on behind the scenes? Do you think that the NFL secretly colluded to putting the Jets as the Steelers week one opponent to try to make Aaron Rogers make his decision as soon as possible? I think they just knew he was going to be the, the the start. I, I always assumed with Aaron Rogers that it was, you know, last year for mini camps. He went to Egypt, he wanted to see how this draft went. So there wasn't gonna be any surprises if they like draft Shado Sanders, you know, early or something like that. Trade up for a quarterback. And then he also probably just didn't want to go to mini camp or OTAs like I think mini Camp Steelers mini camp.


There's one next week. But OTAs probably for a guy like Aaron Rogers suck. He didn't wanna do it last year. He's not gonna do it this year. He missed a bunch of it this year. So he was always gonna do, he, it's the late Favian where it's like, you know, the summer comes around and he's like, yeah, you know what I will play. Yeah. The my favorite part, by the way, in the fav documentary is right after they confronted him with a picture scandal and he was gonna a press conference and the first thing he said was, you know, my hands are full right now. Yeah. After his hands. Definitely. No, were not full. He could looked At the picture. He could've had a a, he could have actually had a hot dog and that Yeah. In his hand. Yeah. But yeah, memes squaring off week one against the New York Jets. By the way, Revenge, is this a revenge game? I I don't think this is a revenge game.


People are calling it a revenge game. I think every game is probably in one way or another revenge game for Aaron Rogers. But I think it's a double revenge game. Double revenge. I, I'd say it's more of a revenge game for the Jets against Aaron. I, Yeah. Or Jesse. Yeah. For Jesse. But it, it'll be a revenge game for Aaron Rogers because of the Aaron Glenn slight to him in that meeting. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. The two minute meeting. Yeah. Yeah. And he doesn't like Woody Johnson. No, he hates Woody Johnson. The build up to the game will be Aaron Glenn versus Aaron Rogers. Yeah. By the way, max is out today. Zach is sitting in his seat. Zach, just through five minutes, you've done an incredible job with Google. 'cause he's like, he's almost like voice to text.


Yeah. He had started Googling Brett fav picture. Oh no, don't do that. Yeah. And I was like, oh no, this is not gonna go well. And now he's on the schedule. So yeah, we have week one against the jets. Zach, Zach, I got a question for you real quick. Before we started taping, you said Chrome or Bing or what? I I told you that I get seizures from Google Chrome and we're still using Google Chrome. I thought that at first it was the color chrome that was throwing you seizures, because that's really reflective. Okay. Yeah, I, I did do some Googling saying that dual Chrome can't cause seizures to you directly. But if we, we pull a video that has like a lot of lights and everything on Chrome, it may give you a seizure. Okay. No, that's, that's a good point because I was just making that up. He up test it was Hank actually bought it. Yeah, Hank bought it. That was a test for you Zach.


You did? Yeah. Oh, big time. Come on. Hank was like, wait, you get seizures from Google Chrome? And Pickett was like, yeah, he hasn't gotten 'em in wild. But, And then I knew the, I did initially I was like, you get seizures and PFT was like, yeah. And then I was like, Oh. Because I was ready to be like, Zach, what the fuck man, you, you're gonna gimme seizures using Crohn. But you took it one step further and you found out that in fact it wouldn't unless you played an epilepsy video. Yeah. Yes. As long as we stay away from epileptic content, you should be good. Well, The whole seizure thing was a lie, so don't worry about that. Yeah, we're good. Someone Says it gets seizures. I think it's fair to be like a little concerned at first. Yeah, of course. A little concerned. Yeah. Alright, so the, the, the Steeler schedule, we got some juicy ones. So it's, they play the entire NFC North. Yep. So that is all revenge games or the old rivalry games.


So Steelers Jets week one, they play the Vikings in week four. And then the Packers in week six. And then the Bears, like I said, November 23rd. It's gonna be fun. I, I don't like Aaron Rogers, but I do think he's more interesting than Mason Rudolph. I think it's an upgrade. The Steelers Are, are probably gonna be in some primetime games. I think it's upgrade over last season. Yeah. It absolutely is an upgrade over last season. Look, I'm looking right now, the Steelers are in a decent amount of primetime or standalone games and I'd rather have it be Aaron Rogers than, you know, Mason Rudolph or Will Howard might be fine. Do you think that, that this is gonna scratch Tomlin's itch for having a crazy guy in the locker room?


Ooh, I think it might, It could. I think this is what he needed. Tell He has TK Though. Yeah, but TKs not, he's not as, he's just violent. I think there's a difference between crazy and violent. Yeah. Yeah. TK definitely is on the line of, of crazy. We also had pit, the state of Pennsylvania it Ayahuasca is banned. Yeah. So Yeah, That's okay. He can do that. He can grow his own. Yeah. His Victory guard can't do that. Yeah. Yeah. Aaron Rogers, Hank, any thoughts? Aaron Rogers back. He, I like Aaron Rogers. I feel like you like Aaron Rogers now too. I, well, yeah. I'll be rooting. It's, it's, I don't hate him as much as I used to. I think he's an interesting guy.


He makes the NFL more interesting. Yes. The League is is more interesting having a guy like that as like a with a big Spotlight on. And I would love for, I Also think he's way over the hill, but I hope he proves me wrong. I feel like he's, he's not, he's trying like, he's not working that hard in the off season and he's old. I agree with that. I'm not scared of him like I used to be. And also he is in the A FCI would love if the Bears beat him for his last game ever. I mean, I assume this is last year, right? I, if He's signing a one year contract, I would, I would think this is the last day. Or we're just gonna do it again. This is the last day. A full off season going to a different, we're Just do it again. We're just gonna do the whole thing again.


Ooh. Ayahuasca retreats in Pennsylvania. Good Googling. There you go. I don't know if they actually do it. They probably just, they probably just put that in, put it up there and they're like, oh yeah, you can come here. I think Aaron's probably moved on from Ayahuasca. I think He, yeah, once you do it a couple times, you're like, good. Right. I think he wanted to blow it up and, and he, you know, he took his ayahuasca trip. He's like, the world needs to know about this. Then he told the world about it. But now so many people are doing it that Aaron's like, this isn't cool anymore. Yeah. So he's Kinda fun Tuy. I don't think he's not Twosy guy. I know a two C guy When I see one, he's a guy. He's guy. But the funny, He's like, maybe ketamine Could be ketamine. Yeah. So the funny thing about Aaron Rogers and the timing of his, you know, big. Oh, I'm back. I'm back.


This is gonna be great. Everyone's gonna talk about Aaron Rogers is, he had maybe, what, 20 minutes was it? 20 minutes before John Rothstein tweeted that Iona and Fordham have a home and home scheduled for the next two years. Completely Took the news cycle away from him. He's got, it's over like Rogers. Sorry dude. I, I just home and home series November 14th. New show. I Just wanna say not we don't get political on the show, but as an empath today is, is a tough one for me. Check in on your friends. Yep. Alex Jones is having a real hard day. I've been watching his live stream. So I just wanna say, you know, and no matter how strong somebody appears on the outside, you never know what's happening between those two ears.


Why is He having a hard Day? He's just having a rough day out there. Well, Elon and Trump have broken up and it is ugly. It's as ugly as we all expected. Yeah. I was talking to Mad Dog about how to relate this to a, a high school girl breakup. Like when two friends break up, is there any chance that they get back together? I don't, I think that this would be the equivalent of like your, your buddy gets your buddy cheats on your friend with another girl who's also your friend and he gets that girl pregnant. Yeah. That's, there's no coming back. I was gonna say one, once you hit the pedophile button, it's, it's hard to be like, Hey, you know what man? I didn't really mean all that shit. I said Yeah, I don't think you come back from that. That's not saying like, I think you don't listen to me.


The funny, I don't think you, I don't think you care enough about me. The funniest part about all this is that Elon was like, you know what, I'm, I'm not gonna say anything because he's being fiscally responsible. Yeah. But then the second fiscal irresponsibility crept in. He was, I gotta, I I have to, I have to speak my mind. It's fireworks. Yeah. And yeah. So that, it was very funny that, that Aaron Rogers had this big announcement and then boom, like Trump and Elon are just gonna be fighting probably nonstop. 'cause those are two guys that are not gonna back down from each Other. No. And I think this is probably a big day for Aaron Rogers too. True. He's a guy that likes to read his own headlines. Right. But when this came out, he has to pencil in the next nine hours on YouTube. Yeah. He's like, I gotta get, I gotta do my own research for a while.


Yeah. Alright. Other things that are going on in the sports world. We had Stanley Cup final game. One awesome game. Awesome, awesome game Oilers come back down three one in the second winning overtime. David a dry side. I saw a stat that's pretty crazy. The Panthers entered 31 and zero over the past three playoffs since Coach Paul Maurice took over when leading at the first or second intermission they were leading at both. And the Oilers, this felt like, I know that it's obviously one game and it's a long series as we learned last year when it went 3.0 and then all the way to game seven.


But this did feel like a little demons, you know, exercising a little bit of demons for the Oilers where they're down early. Stuart Skinner looks shaky. Although that goal was, they, they reviewed that. Was it first goal or second goal? Second goal. That was Yeah. Questionable for interference. Yeah. Which I was watching it and I was like, I have no idea what they're gonna call on this. Right. 'cause in, in the playoffs and especially in the Stanley Cup finals, you know what, by the letter of the law interference is, but you don't know what they're actually going to call during the courts of the game. Right. So, and, and that happens and you're like, oh man, is this gonna be another thing where like the Panthers are just so much better and then the Oilers fought back down three one get to overtime winning overtime with, you know, 30 seconds left in the first overtime.


That there's just something about the Stanley Cup final in Canada that's just like the, oh Canada. The crowd just absolutely electric. They scored a minute into the game. It was awesome. Multiple People dressed up as the Stanley Cup in the crowd. Yep. Love to see that. And I thought Wayne Gretzky made a pretty good point after the game that Edmonton really couldn't lose that one. No, it was a, it was actually a can't lose Yeah. For Edmonton in game one based on how last year went. And so now I almost feel like it swings. So the, the pressure is off Edmonton so much right now. Yep. I feel like the Panthers might go out there win game two. So our guy Ys pays to listen to Pardon My Take told us the over was a good play in game one.


He has texted me and said that the under is his play for game two because he thinks that Bob is going to lock back in it. Also, anytime we get into a big time playoff hockey game overtime, I don't know if you guys ever seen this tweet that always goes vir That just makes me laugh. 'cause obviously it's not real. The John boy tweet. No it's not the John boy tweet. It's the one that says that people don't realize that there's no rules for the eighth overtime in playoff hockey and that they are seal the rules for the eighth overtime are sealed in an envelope in Toronto and haven't been open since 1917. Hmm. And people actually think that's real. And it just makes me laugh every time that, like, imagine if we got to an eighth overtime, you're like, we gotta go find out what the rules are And, and it's just the, You open the envelope, it's like keep playing boys.


It's like no more skates. Yeah. You're Just wearing shoes. It happens all the time when there's a big time overtime game. I laugh every time because it, it is a cool theory to be like, what if there's a rule that no one's seen for over a hundred years And we just, we haven't gotten to that point. We saw it for the first time. Florio who we're gonna talk to had a little bit of that today with the NFL. Yeah. He was like, actually a team can score one point in a game. Here's how it happens. Yeah. It could be a a 24 to one game. Hank you don't know that. No. Yeah. You don't know about the, the one point conversion Is it intercepting a two point conversion or running it back. So it would be like if you're, if you're trying for a two point conversion and then it's fumbled and then returned.


Yeah. Then it could be a one zero game. But no, it'd be 1 7 0 1 1 1 6. Right. One six. One six. Yeah. S Kigami. S Kigami S Kigami. Okay. So yeah, hockey. Awesome. We're gonna have Whitney on Sunday night after which I'm happy that the Oilers won a game because Whitney was not going to show up on Sunday night if they went down O2. No, but it was great watching. I I love overtime in the playoffs when it's not my team playing. Yeah. And in the Stanley Cup finals It was, it was incredible. I was hoping for two, I was hoping for three overtime. Same. I I don't know if you guys saw, but I, I said I would've stayed up for at least seven overtimes. Seven. Well you Would've had to stay up for the eighth. Well, yeah.


'cause I was Wait, but Yeah, that's true. So I guess it was eight. It was eight. But I, I, I wasn't trying to brag or anything, but I was ready to do it. If it got to it, I was ready to go. I'm unlimited overtimes as many as it takes. I'm, I'm gonna wait and see. You know, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta see how it goes. 'cause if it's, if it's like four in the morning, I might have to just close my eyes for a second. At Some point if it went to like 10 overtimes, a team would quit. Right. Well, unless it's the cup. Yeah. Unless the rules say that you can't quit. That you're not And the, that's only the eighth overtime. But what If Ninth throw overtime rules are one team has to quit The ninth overtime. Rules are wr written on the bottom of the Stanley Cup. Yeah. One team has to quit. But if both teams quit, then they both lose. Yeah. But if one team quits, then it's only one team loses.


Right. Mutual quitting. And if neither team quits, then it's both teams lose two games. Each The tent overtime is hidden behind Mount Rushmore. Yep. Right next to the Declaration of Independence. What, What pages are they looking for in the next National treasure? Mm, I don't know. The lost pages. I can't wait for that movie to come out. Yeah. I mean just, just a they they got the system and they run it. Yep. They run the same play and it works every time. Bruckheimer is gonna do it again. Bruck Bruckheimer is and Michael Bay. Yep. They've never worked together. Nope. It's gonna be great. Oh, ambitious crossover of all time. Okay. Anthony Richardson is hurt another shoulder injury to the quarterback rank.


So CJ Stroud, Anthony Richardson. I feel like this is, I feel like this could be Daniel Jones. Yeah, I do too. I think just spending three months with Kevin O'Connell, that room is enough. Yeah. Such A legendary room he was in. Yeah. Yeah. I But maybe spin zone if you're Colts fan, maybe he'll stop overthrowing receivers if his shoulder's a little bit hurt. True, True. He takes a little off. Yeah. Could, could be good for the deep ball. I just feel like the Anthony Richardson experience might be over Third year bump. Third year bump. I don't know. I don't know. Are there, are there still people who believe in Anthony Rich you think? I I, because I I you do Hank Okay. I'm, I'm in the camp always.


I'm in the camp of, I kind of like to watch him play 'cause he's fun. Hank is in the camp of, Don't disagree on that. Hank is in the camp of, I saw him play one time in college and he was electric and I, which Is also Fair and I staked my reputation on him. Although I, I can't after seeing that, I'll never not believe. Right. Despite the fact that every other piece of evidence suggests otherwise. Right. Yeah. I think that's fair. Yeah. I just wonder are there cults fit? 'cause I remember when last year started, there were still a lot of anti Richardson fans who were like you, you don't understand. Well that was box score watch and all that stuff. It's like I'm watching with my eyes and then it's slowly as the year went on they're like, yeah, maybe, maybe not. Well Because you started in hot on 'em after like one week or two weeks and that's after the POS fans had a full summer of convincing that like the Mason Rudolph thing.


Yeah. They just spent four months being like Anthony Richardson is the guy, he's gonna step up this year. I Think the problem is high draft pick. So it's even more, the problem is you, if you watch Polk College and NFL you have like, I didn't think he was great. He had a couple great moments in college, but he wasn't great in college. It's kinda like Joe Milton where people are like, Joe Milton might be it. And I'm like, I don't know man. Watched a lot of them don't Know. I just wanna enjoy Joe Milton. Yeah. Just let me enjoy Joe. Yeah. So we'll see. We'll see what happens there. And then the other story I had was the White Sox are finally getting sold in like seven years To Ish bia. Right? Justin Ish. Oh, the brother Brother.


How do we feel about him? Well, is he Matt ish B's having some problems with the sun? I don't know if you saw it, but he, the sons are not being run very well. They have not done well on the court. They're not being raised Correctly. Yeah. They're not being raised correctly. And Ashia came out a couple days ago and he actually said, you know, I did the thing where you buy a team and then you put a lot of smart people in place and you listen to 'em and they screwed up. So I'm gonna take control. Yeah, no this is the life cycle of a bad owner. Usually it's the other way around. No, but it, what happened, I think at first, yeah, Matt was like, awesome I own an NBA team, I'm going to get all the best players on my team. And then he's like, I've learned that I'm, I need to rely on my basketball guys so I'm putting them in charge.


He didn't get immediate results from that. So now he is like, I need to just trust myself. Yeah. It's got me this far in life. I need to go back. So he is just doing rapid flip Flops. Yeah, he's flip flopping. So Justin, his brother has a deal with Jerry Reinsdorf where basically the team is Justin ish B'S in 2027 I believe. If Jerry wants to sell. And then in 2033 it's just officially Jerry Reiner basically just did like a clock on his own life. He's like, I think I'm gonna live for about six or seven more years. I don't really want to give it up, but I also need to have something in place. So yeah, it's gonna be yours. What are those things you can get tested where that tells you your lifespan?


You Know what I'm saying? The, the one that like Dana White got all those rich guys get, they test some level that you have in your body. Oh yeah. Yeah. And then they're like, yeah, it looks like you have the body of a 40-year-old right now. Yeah. Or you've got the body of a 60-year-old, you have x amount of years. That's what Reinsdorf probably got. And he's like, okay, I need to get a term sheet in place. I mean he is like 90. Yeah, he's he's very old. Old. But he, I I'm happy for White Sox fans because as, as much as it's like, so, so the actual terms are, the agreement provides it from 2029 to 2033. Reinsdorf will have the option to sell the controlling interest to ish BIA after the 2034 season ish. BIA will have the option to acquire the controlling interest in the event of any future such future transaction.


All limited partners of Sox would have the opportunity to sell to ish b at that time. So it's basically set that Jerry Reinsdorf is not going to pass the team down to his son and is keeping it in his family. So I'm happy for White Sox fans 'cause it's at least a light at the end of the tunnel. These are years and years away. But still it's better than being like, who knows what's gonna happen. Maybe at the last second he is like, you know, Michael Reinsw, you run both teams. I was gonna say tough break for hi for his son. Right. Well he is getting the bulls. Oh, that's okay. Yeah, that's Right con nice consolation place. But Also, do you think that the timing of this has anything to do with the Chicago MLS team getting the site for the stadium that this White Sox wanted? Yeah. They got Bodies And then the very next day.


Yeah. Ror being like, I'm gonna sell the team. Yeah, the white. So where are the White Sox even gonna be playing at that point? It's probably still in their, in the same scene. But they got, they got a little bit bodied by the MLS, the fire who are are privately funded. Privately funded a billionaire, paid for his own fucking sta Well it's, it's a MLS owner a hundred millionaire paid for his own fucking stadium. Yeah. He's got he's got some some change. Yeah. He's Got To memes. You sent something to the group chat. I I wanted to dive into just a little bit the Colorado Rockies to the All-Star game movement. Mm. Can you explain what this is about? Mm, I did. I tweeted about it. Yeah, we're just, we're just getting the, we're getting the Rockies in the All-Star game.


I love that. So yeah. What's the, the movement behind this is, it would be funny, it would be funny if people, because it's a fan vote for the All-Star game, right? Yes. But doesn't every team have to have a Player? No. That was an old representative old rule Yeah. Rule. Okay. So the premise behind this movement is, it would be funny if the All Star roster was just comprised of Colorado Rockies in the National League, despite the fact that they're the worst team in baseball history up to this point. Yes. But I'm in, Somebody said it would be like the GameStop movement and I've been chasing that high for a Minute. Ooh, STOs. I love that. By the way, they are still the worst team in MLB, but they did win three in a row. Yeah. They beat the Marlins beat Scotty Shuffler. And if you wanted to do like a, if we did a power rankings, I think even though the A's are better on record, I think their power ranking would be ahead of the a's after this week.


Because the, a's i, the a's are about to win a game. But I think the, a's were one in 21 in their last 22 games now, one in 2021, or sorry, two in 21 in their last 23 games. There's so many bad teams in baseball. It's crazy. It's nice. Yeah. Like the pirate dude, Paul s schemes, poor Paul schemes. I feel so bad for him. He's given up one. I don't feel bad for Paul Skis. No one. It sucks, this sucks. One runner, PFT one runner less in each of his last five starts and the pirates are two and three in those starts. I understand why you wouldn't feel bad for Paul s schemes in other parts of his life, but being that good of a pitcher and just having your team suck around you would be maddening. So I think it's, I think it's better now than it would've been if he was pitching at this level, let's say 30 years ago.


Yeah. Or 35 years ago when people just looked at wins losses and being like, oh, that guy's having a tough year. That's true. But now I, I feel like sports fans are smarter for the most part. For sure. But it's still gotta suck. It does suck for him to be like, I'm, I'm pitching as well as almost any pitcher has ever Pitched. Like it's hard to lose those games. Yeah. It's, it's, it's actually kind of impressive that the Pirates are like, oh yeah, Paul Skeen is gonna do this for us and then we're still gonna lose this game. It's probably gonna to get to hang out with Aaron Rogers too. True. Yeah. Yeah. No, I mean there's, there's definitely I don't, I feeling bad for Paul Skees is really just on the baseball field. Yeah. I feel bad for Him off the field doing okay Off the field. He's he's he's living his life. Yeah. The the, they played the Astros eight innings pitched one earned run.


They lost three. Nothing he did against the Diamondbacks. 6.6 in two. Oh no. They won that game against the Phillies. Four starts ago. Eight innings pitched Woner and run. They lost one. Nothing. Yeah, it's tough. That's so brutal. That's so brutal. Gets the Met six innings, pitched Woner and Run lost four three. Just like, come on. I feel bad for, for Pirates fans. Yeah. More so than, than Paul. Yeah. That ownership is, they're, they're next up. Because what Do you do For us to yell at them In baseball? What do you even do if you have a superstar player like that, a generational talent and you know that you're not gonna be able to win around 'em because your owners won't pay for good players They're just going to hope to get a lot in a trade.


And then those guys become like five Paul schemes all at the same time. And then you trade those guys away. Yeah. And then you get a, Well, you need all the Paul schemes at the exact same time. And then you can Make a run. Then you can make a run. Yeah. Yeah. That's Essentially small market Baseball's shitty. Very shitty. Okay. Anything else before we get, we have two great interviews. Ray Thompson was awesome. Great stories. One of the best authors out there. And then Florio is just cracks me up because he's, he's just all, all football all the time. We had a very, very fun time with our guy Mike. He's gone. He's gone. Full Florio. You're not getting Text during that interview, by the way. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, don't worry. Yeah, don't worry. Don't, don't check your phone if you're driving. It's, it's not you who's getting the text.


Yeah. But Florio, he's cooking right now. Yeah. This is the time in the off season where Florio, the mind starts to wander. Yeah. So it was, it was a treat to talk to him. Oh, I have one last thing. Max is not here. Zach is sitting in his seat. Zach, would you like to give a statement about the Pope receiving a Villanova hat? I think the Pope receiving a Villanova hat could mean that that was a gracious gift from the Pope to, or from Villanova to the Pope. Maybe possibly some guys that may have coached at Villanova before. No, the Pope is wearing Villanova's hat. Could be coaching somewhere else soon. Oh yeah. That's like, good point. Yeah. I even think about that. Like In New York, Maybe in New York.


I believe there's a vacancy, a couple of guys that, A lot of Italian Catholics in New York. There's Actually been a lot of reports saying like it might happen. Yeah. Has there? Yeah. Either have, yeah. We don't have anyone to shoot him down on this Show. Yeah, no. He is interested. Hey, does he want to coach though? Yeah. They said he, he misses coaching and he wants to be Wow. He loves New York. Wow. Wow. That's huge. Thanks for the update, Hank. Yeah. Guys that have Worked with 'em. Yeah. Zach, I like how you rephrase every question like it's like a writing prompt in eighth grade. Zach PT Zt. Is, is this good for recruiting for Villanova? I think it just, it depends on, there's a couple of Catholic guys that are a bucket, you know that cross over there.


True. You need to get the Venn diagram Catholic guy bucket. Yeah. Boom. That you're Catholic church Hitting up high schoolers again. You back. Oh. Alright. Let's, let's get to our interviews. We got Wright Thompson and Mike Florian. And then we'll finish with FY Fest.


Before We get to Wright Thompson, he's brought to you by truly hard seltzer and truly unruly lemonade. It combines the high elk, fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. It's lemonade let loose 8% A BVA hundred percent delicious. They've got four supercharged lemonade flavors, bump and blue Raz OG Original Lemonade punched up pineapple and wild pink. Truly unruly lemonade is the best drink for the summertime. It's about to be an unruly boy summer with truly unruly lemonade. Like I said, 8% A BV and it tastes great. Very refreshing. Great drink for the golf course. Drink great drink for just partying outside on a boat. Bring it to the lake. Bring it to the beach. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Level up your lemonade. With truly unruly


Wright Thompson's also gonna be brought to you by Chevy. Our great friends over at Chevy. For over a century that's a hundred years Chevy has been building trucks that don't flinch and they never quit. Whether you're hauling lumber on the job or trying to get the smoker, the cooler, the cornhole boards and the whole crew to the tailgate on time. Chevy gets you there When Chevy says most dependable truck, they're not just speculating. Chevy trucks have earned more dependability awards for trucks than any other brand according to JD Power 2025. Sounds like they've got the stats to prove it, you can draft yours@chevy.com and every Chevy truck dependability comes standard. For more on Chevy trucks, visit chevy.com and visit jd power.com/awards For more award details. And now here is Wright.


Okay, we now welcome on A very special guest, recurring guest. He's a very, very, very special guest. He was last on with Mickey Hart. It is writer, a very accomplished writer, senior writer for ESPN, contributing writer for the Atlantic. He has some incredible books he should go by right now, especially for Father's Day, the Barn, Pappy Land, the cost of these dreams. It is Wright Thompson. Wright, thank you for joining us. I, my first question is how do you become a senior writer and when, when that happened, was it like the biggest day of your life? Like is there a, is there a ceremony being like you're going from junior to senior writer? W Well, I mean, it's funny because yeah, there, there's a huge ceremony.


It's, you get the big pop hat and you know, by the way, this is a total aside, but I just found this out. Do you know when they get down to like two or three possible popes, they go to this store in Rome, I think it's called Gamma, and they get fitted, which means that there are two people who look at themselves in the mirror dressed like the Pope, who don't get to be the Pope. And then you have to live the rest of your life with that image in your head of I could have been Pope. Yes. Yeah. Like think about that, think about being in aaa. Three of you go up put on pinstripes, and then two of you're like, nah, you're gonna go sell insurance now. Wow. I I I would imagine Darren Ravel's gonna get his hands on some of those, the, the off Pope costumes or, or, or you know, not a costume, but Hemingway wrote a story about that.


Right. Pope uniform never worn. That's the saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Is it for sale baby shoes never worn? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Alright, so yeah. So how do you become a senior writer? Well, they just sort of name it. I mean, it's pretty funny, you know, my oldest friend in the world is Seth Wickersham and I worked at a bunch of newspapers. He started at ESPN magazine, like as a fact checker. And we both ended up being named senior writers randomly on the same day. So that was fun. I don't know what that means. I think that means you're old and overpaid and sort of like, you know, executive producer is a Latin phrase for taking credit, you know, I think it's some of that.


Yeah. It's a good place to be though. Rick Riley anoints you with a pen, a tap on each shoulder. You may not rise. And then, And then some terrible fucking cliche Yeah. About teeth usually. Yeah. Yeah. So, so you're good friends with, with Seth Wickersham. That's interesting that, that you guys are, are so close because I, when I think of, you know, the best modern sports writers, I think about you and then Seth Wickersham, when he comes out with something, you can just pretty much stamp it as gold. 'cause he gets, he, he's kinda like you. He gets everybody to talk to him that probably shouldn't be talking to him. Oh, they, dude, if I worked in the NFL and I saw him coming, I would turn and run. Yeah. But like, no, I mean, he, like, I, I think, you know, I'm incredibly biased, but I think he's the best sports writer at America.


But yeah, we've known each other a really long time and I mean, as you guys know, it's a lot easier to do this job with a tribe, you know, with people who sort of understand, you know, I'm, I'm in New York chasing Aaron Judge right now, and I could call Seth and he completely understands. You know, it's just, it's just helpful 'cause I mean, this is otherwise a soulless, lonely place. So I, I'm, I'm super grateful. So, but before you jumped on, you mentioned that you had, you know, you had followed around Tiger Jordan, you've gotten to know the two of them or kind of what makes them tick on this show. We like to elevate the discourse a little bit, so I'll just ask you who's better? Tiger Woods or Michael Jordan?


Michael Jordan. Okay. Okay. So he's the goat. Well, and, and you know, it's interesting because, you know, I mean, I, one of the books you talked about called The Cost of These Dreams, which is a collection of my ESPN stories. You know, the two of the sort of tent pole stories in that book are a profile of Michael Jordan and a profile of Tiger Woods. And I always thought it was, I mean, I feel really bad for Tiger Woods because he comes along, they don't, they have a model for what to do with a Star. It's the Michael Jordan playbook, it's Nike and Phil Knight and Tiger's parents. And, you know, they did what they thought was best. And it's always astonishing that no one in that room at Nike, not Tinker Hatfield, not Phil Knight, nobody, it occurred to no one that the playbook had been built around Michael Jordan, who is an extreme extrovert.


And they applied it to Tiger Woods, who is an extreme introvert and like, honestly feels like they broken. Yeah. You know, but there's that great John Updyke quote, I love the mask, eats the face. And that happens to so many people in public life. I mean, you know, it was happening to Jordan. I mean, one of the interesting things about Jordan in the last 10 or 15 years is that he's been doing real work on how to deal with the existential problem of you created yourself to be the perfect basketball killing machine. And every one of those traits that you elevated at the expense of some other trait or some other person you might have been, you basically prune the ability to enjoy having been Michael Jordan.


Right. So I think these are doing like real, real work on the, you know, on how to be happy. Yeah. Yeah. I mean even like when watching the last dance, like one of the things that, that I think struck out was like even like a simple moment where Steve Kerr was like, Hey, he's our teammate, but he's kind of not attainable. Like he's not, he, he lives in a different air than everyone else, and you're playing a team sport, but he's Michael Jordan and we're just the rest of the bulls. And that has to feel incredibly lonely at some point. And, and Tiger obviously playing an individual sport. Could you sense that when talking to both of them, like there is a, there's a loneliness that the regular audience does not realize because we just see athletes on the screen and we're like, those guys have it made.


Their life is awesome. Women money fame, it's the best. Well, you know, it's so interesting. You go read Bill Russell talking about being a star, and it could be a modern guy talking, and he talks about the loneliness. You know, it's, I'm in New York right now doing Yankee stuff. I was, I was the, one of the last people in the old Yankee stadium, like to the point that Major league baseball put one of those holograms on my notebook the night they closed it. And I'm wandering around during the game and this guy sort of comes out of the shadows who works there and is like, come with me and don't tell anybody I showed you this. And he walks me down this hall and into a room that is full of chairs that had been like unbolted from the, it's like a storage room.


He's like, you know what this is. And I'm like, what? He goes, this used to be the Yankees clubhouse used to be down here, and this is the room where Lou Gehrig would sit by himself after he knew his diagnosis and no one else did. And like, this is the room where Lou Gehrig would sit and get ready to die. And, you know, if you think, if you're Aaron Judge, you're not just competing against Tani, you're competing against Ruth and Gehrig. You're competing against DiMaggio and mantle. I mean, the ghost that these guys have to wrestle with on the way to being the thing they want to be. I just find that incredibly compelling.


And I also think that if I were in their shoes, it would crush me. I mean, I would end up on page six doing dumb shit out in New York City. Like the guys who, you know, I mean, the guys who do this well are really superhuman to me, A, A, a and, and I think the, the, it's not tragic, but the, the part that always strikes me with athletes is they cannot say, Hey, I'm lonely. You know what I mean? Like, no one wants to hear that from, from a star athlete. They don't want to hear a star athlete be like, Hey, there's parts of my life that, that kind of suck because everyone wants to be them. So it's not only the loneliness, but you're not gonna get any sympathy for it either. No. Like, yeah, I'm, you go cry in your $300 million sort of Thing.


Right, Right. I mean, like, it, it is, you know, I mean, I I've profiled a lot of athletes and almost none of them are just happy. You know what I mean? Like the guy who, you know, the guy who was probably more, you guys remember Dale Murphy who played Atlanta? Brave. Yeah, yeah. Like two time MVP. So Murph is probably the happiest former athlete I've ever met. And it is because he very intentionally, when he retired, set about killing the avatar of Famous Dale Murphy. And most of these guys try to hang on to it. You know what, he went and ran like a Mormon mission in Boston after he retired.


Like, and not a ceremonial job, you know what I mean? Like a hard job dealing with young people and you know, you're someone's parent and there's a tremendous amount of responsibility. I think the guys who were happiest are the ones who understand what it means and what it doesn't mean, and are able to, you know, cash their checks and walk away and you're like, Hey, whatever happened to that guy? I don't know, man. I think he's down at Key West. He has dinner at Manja Manja every night. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, like, like those are the pe the ability to kill the avatar, not let the mask eat. The face feels like, like I don't have any special, I just have been around a lot of guys. That's the only sort of knowledge I have. It's not like, you know, it, but it, it, it does feel, you know, like when you go through that collection, the cost of these streams, that collection of stories.


And if you're looking for a through line, I mean, that's what, you know, the song's named after the book is named after Drop by Trucker's Lyric that I really liked. And it's because, you know, when I went and read those stories for the first time, they spoke to each other in a way that I certainly didn't intend for them to, you know, I mean, I, I'm not nearly that smart, but Yeah, I read them and I was like, oh shit. Like this is, this makes sense as a through line. Yeah, do, Go ahead. I was gonna say, Jake Plummer is that way. Jake Plummer starting a mushroom farm out in Colorado, kind of moved on immediately and became, you know, next phase in life. Completely different from the last phase. And I, I know that you spent some time around around Coach K, dear friend of ours, coach Chesky. Is he like that in this next phase of life?


I know he is still got the office at the building. Well, one of my favorite details is that, you know, people have to be protected from themselves. If you've ever been in the Duke basketball office, the, all of the coaches in the team meeting rooms were on the fifth floor of that building. And Coach Cade's office was on the sixth floor. And if you walk out of his office, like around there, there was a stairway that led down to the fifth floor so he could sort of pop in and pop out. And it's my understanding, they bricked up that stairway. Mm. So if he wants to go to the fifth floor, he has to take the elevator like everybody else. I think these guys have a hard time letting go, you know, sport, there's a scoreboard.


It's a, you know, it's hard for me to know, like, I'm gonna have a story come out next week, and some people might really like it and some people might really hate it. I'm gonna have like a definite point of view. And some people might agree, some people might think I'm an idiot, but there is no binary zero some way to be like, this story is a success or a failure. You guys do a show, you know, shows probably what, five days a week and you get metrics, but like sometimes I bet your sense of how a show went is very different than the audience's sense. And with sports, there's a scoreboard. And I think people get addicted to the simplicity of it that like, I know whether I won or lost today, I got two kids, I feel like every day I'm taking Ls.


You know what I mean? Yep. Four a 7-year-old, I just got a text message, the 7-year-old asked about makeup, I just wanted to kill myself on Park bench. You gotta be kidding me. Oh Yeah. And so, yeah, Like, I was just like, what? That's starting already. Like, you know, you know Not to one up, not to one up you. But I watched, I, I took my two oldest to school today and my, we, we like were late because my 6-year-old son was putting on the fake earrings on my 4-year-old daughter. And I was like, this is, this is too much. They were like standing there waiting to get in the car just pressing the little, like, fake earrings on. I was like, come on, we can't be doing this yet. No. It's, it is funny, like, I had a, a book that's out called Pappy Land about the history of Pappy Van Winkle and, you know, my wife jokingly calls it Eat, pray, love for dads.


Yes. I used to think, I used to think this book was like, it's full of parenting advice and I realize it is, but just not what I meant. The advice is just start drinking in the morning. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, so I got a question about the scoreboard thing because like, we do it, it, it is relatable to, you know, we're kind of in the same field where we will walk out and be like, that was a great show and there'll be people like, we hated that show. It's like, but we've, I think the, what we've done and is the longevity of what we've done is it's kind of like all about the people in the room. If we can make ourselves laugh And we can make each other laugh, then what happens out once it's out there, it's like, that's kind of out of our hands. We're gonna trust ourselves. Do you have something like that when you're writing? It's like, Hey, if I'm interested in this, I, I can't control if it's gonna be a hit.


I can't control if people are gonna like it, but I, I can trust my inner self that what I'm writing about is interesting and compelling. Well, you know, yes. And I mean, you have to be careful with that because you don't wanna be totally self-indulgent, but you know, the longer you do this, the more you want it to be something you're interested in. Yeah. Like I've gone down this crazy rabbit hole in the last two weeks of, I can tell you about a 300 year history of the land beneath what is now Yankee Stadium. Okay. And I don't know what I'm gonna do with it, but it used, there was a creek there called Cromwell's Creek that ran down into the, what's that? The Harlem River, I guess, and or the Bronx or, I don't know, man, my New York geography.


I'm from Mississippi, what do you want? And like, like I've gotten really interested in the idea that there were worlds and worlds and worlds that are now just in the dust beneath this thing that feels like it's always been there. One of the two of them sort of between like 150 seventh and 160 fourth and river, that whole sort of complex of the old and the new Yankee stadium. So like, I'm just really into the fact that there is this whole other history of this square of land. I have no idea if anyone else is gonna be interested in it. I have no idea how that's gonna fit into a story about the Yankees Red Sox, if it will, other than it's the thing I'm most interested in. And so I've been way down a rabbit hole.


So it's some of that, it's like, well, I, I just hope that there's someone else who thinks this is interesting and not just like, totally out of left field. Yeah. That stuff, that stuff is fascinating. One thing I'll give you credit for that you're very good at is you make, if I, it's men and women, but I, I'd say from my perspective as men, you make men think about complex themes in life, whether it be family, where you're from, legacy, all that. But you do it through a vein of like, whiskey, I'm gonna write about whiskey, I'm gonna write about sports. So you're like tricking us into becoming more emotional as human beings. Yeah. Which I appreciate. Well, you know, I mean wi the hardest thing in the world I'm told is to sell books to men and sort of that's what I'm trying to do, which is odd, you know, but I mean, it, it's, these are the, you know, I think about the conversations with my father and the things we bonded over and it was baseball games and college football games and whiskey and James Bond movies and the Guns and Navarone and those things.


To me, the way I feel about the movie, the Guns and Varone and the way that I feel about an Atlanta Braves game, I feel like come from very much the same place. And, you know, all of these things we're talk, when you're talking about sports, you're always talking about tribe and community and inheritance and you know, it's that great Jerry Seinfeld thing. You know, you're cheering for laundry and it's sort of like, you know, I don't, my relationship with the, like I have Ole Miss football season tickets, they were my father's season tickets. He and I have the same name. So when he died, I just kept paying for 'em. And, and now, now I've been grandfathered in, I think.


But if they, they, they were ta Ole Miss was talking about tearing down that grandstand and building a new one and they were gonna move the seats and I wasn't going to renew them. I don't give a shit about going to the games. I want to go to the games and sit in those seats. Right. And if I had to move one row, I'm not interested in writing that check anymore. And I think a lot of people feel that way about, look man, going to a game of a team you really cared about that your father cared about, that your older brother cared about that your grandfather cared about it's communion. You know, I love that thing in the liturgy, the Catholic or Episcopal liturgy. It's like, we do this in remembrance of you. Like that feels very real to me.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. I have a question about a piece you wrote. You, you, you spent a year with the Celtics and then obviously you, Jason Tatum gets hurt at the end of the season and you, I I saw a interview you did where you had the conversation with him about like, Hey, if you actually figure it out, like you have a finite amount of books that you're gonna write, he has a finite amount of se you know, games he's gonna play. And that, that feeling of like, you could feel like you're in the middle of it, like you are in the pinnacle of it, but there's an end point and it's hard to to to kind of conceptualize that. Have you talked to him since his injury? Because it is a, as, as, as much as like injuries have become a part of sports where it's like, oh, he'll be back, you know, a knee injury 30 years ago was like, that guy's career's over.


Now it's like, oh, he'll be back in 12 months, but still a major part of his prime is gonna be taken. And dealing with that has to be so, so heavy. I have not talked to him. I really liked him. I thought he was really smart and thoughtful. You know, that story was written before he got hurt basically. Right. And so, sort of had to redo huge swats of it. You know, I, it, I, I met, you know, I dunno if you ever met Wick, the owner of the Celtics, but he, during all those dead and company shows last year in Vegas, I started doing these lunches at like in the Venetian every day at four 30.


And so everybody was in town come to Smith and Wilensky or wherever we were and like, we're gonna eat a steak and drink a great bottle of wine and we're gonna go on over and That's awesome. And interface with Jake Plummer, et cetera. Yeah. So And so the, I'm just confident my mom is not listening to Pardon My Take. So I You'd be surprised. Yeah. Well if your mom is listening, just let her know I've eaten. Hey, hey, I've eaten a lot of mushrooms in the sphere. So sorry Ms. Thompson. Yeah. The, and so at one of those wick came was like the guest of a friend, and I was so utterly charmed by the way he talked about the Celtics because if I owned a sports team that I grew up caring about, this is exactly how I would want to talk about it, he was so pumped to tell me sort of, you know, he bought Bob Coy a championship ring, just like the one for the current players.


And he was pumped that in oh eight when they won, he engraved red a box name on the inside of all the rings. And like he, you know, just, if I owned a team, that's how I would want to be about it. And so it really pulled like, you know, I I I spent a lot of time around the Celtics, you know, I grew up a Lakers fan. I don't know about like if this was true where y'all grew up, but, you know, Lakers Celtics in the eighties was very much a code, especially in the rural south for whether you were racist or not. And you know, like the, the things people used to describe why they liked Larry Bird versus Magic Johnson were like super dog whistle. So like, I always grew up kind of hating the Celtics and then found myself just utterly charmed by their culture.


And by the way that they are like so proactive about making sure that the, the ghost and the legends feel welcome in a way that like, you know, a lot of other teams don't. Yeah. And so I don't, I had a great time running around with the Celtics for a Season and, and our, our friend Joe Missoula, I'm sure you got some good time with him. He's a psycho And we love that about him. He's a complete psycho. He, I walked into a press conference and the guy next to me was like, he comes in and the guy, it's clear I don't know anything, and the guy looks next to me and goes, watch this shit. And He, it, it was like mono like it, I was watching, I was like, this is like, oh my god, this guy's the head coach.


Like, oh my god. Yeah. I love the guy. He was totally insane. Yeah. I mean like just in a flat monotone, you know, almost like sped up like outfit in the chipmunk speed talking. And I was like, this is great. I love this guy. How, How, so a question about your process because like I'm sure it's intimidating to interview Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods and Leon Messi. How do you like start that process? How do you get, how do you ingratiate yourself where you can get their trust where you're like, Hey, I'm not here to do some kind of take down. I'm here to learn more about you and get inside of your head, so to speak?


Well, it doesn't always work. I mean, you know, tiger Woods just would never, ever, ever talk to me sort of other than in like group settings. You know, I, I think like you wanna, I think you want to in, I mean, I'll tell you like with Jason Tatum, I, I, I wanted to find, you gotta find some tiny postage stamp of common ground. I mean, I think if you go read the stories and the cost of these dreams, they all sort of have that starting place of here is something that me human being on planet earth and you human being on planet earth, despite the fact that our jobs are very different here is something that we share in common on like an existential level.


And you know, so for Jason, with Jason Tatum, it was this idea of there is a window and it's closing. Right. And I think everybody has that. And so I just try to find a way to connect with people. It doesn't always work. I mean there, you know, I've walked out of interviews and I'm like, that guy hated me or thought I was insane. Or you also like, I don't know if you've got like, you reach a certain age and you just don't care. Yeah. Like, I don't particularly care if Jason Tatum likes me. Yeah. You know, like I just like at all. And so that's help, that's a helpful energy of, you know, I'm respectful. I'm in awe of your work.


I don't particularly care about your weird, modern celebrity. And I have a bunch of questions that either will or won't be interesting. Yeah. And I, I think most of the time, from what I've read from you, it, it usually works. You usually find some level of common ground, you get access that nobody else would ever be able to get. You get answers to questions that nobody would even ask. And it turns out great. But then I would have to imagine that there's a, there's a second phase to that relationship sometimes when you know you're on good terms with the person, have great interviews, they trust you, the story comes out. And maybe there's some things in the story that they said to you that they're very upset with themselves that they said, do you, is is there a plan? Like, do you give a phone call afterwards being like, Hey, just let you know the story came out.


If you have any questions, let's talk. Or is it, is it just always dicey afterwards when you write those types of stories? Well, I don't, I like to let people you don't wanna hide. That's chicken shit. Yeah. I mean, I, you know, here's the story. It's a weird move because I don't want anybody to think I'm a fishing for compliments or b trying to sort of lead the witness. I mean, one thing that is interesting why I want them to have the story is most people hear from people who've read it and it's like that game of telephone. Yeah. Like their description of it, you know. But I mean, I've had somebody call me furious after a story ran because their wife took the hard copy of ES ESPN magazine into their regularly SCD scheduled marriage counseling session, threw it down on the desk and said, see I told you It's like, here's the evidence right here.


Yeah, Yeah. Like, fucking got the receipts. Yeah. You know, I mean like, like, so I don't know. It's a weird thing. And I'm not trying to be buddies with anybody. I sort of think the thing I owe you after being this invasive is that if you don't ever wanna see me again, you don't have to, you know, like maybe the only person I keep in touch with that I've written about is Pat Riley. Oh, interesting. Who I just love. I think Pat is hilarious and insane. And, but mostly I don't like, I I I sort of, you know, slide in and slide out. How, How, so Pat re that's, that's an interesting one that you keep, I mean, pat Riley is, is one of those guys who when you actually stack it up, it's like he has been an integral part of NBA history for 40 years, 50 years.


Like it's, it's actually insane to look at whether it being coach of the Lakers, coach of the Knicks, you know, front office with the coach of the Heat, then front office with the heat, his fingerprints are all over the NBA. What, what is it, what's the secret sauce with Pat Riley? We hear heat culture from afar, but what is it that like, that makes him so unique and be able to last this long being this successful in a very competitive league? I mean, I think the origin story, I mean, you guys have all obviously seen Hoosiers where Dennis Hopper sort of stumbles drunk out onto the court that really happened to Pat in Schenectady to New York. His father who was a failed major league baseball player, he had four bats, I think, or, and almost hated his son for his success.


And Pat Pat was shooting free throws and he heard something behind him and you know, you can tell. And he turned around and his dad was drunk on the court screaming at the official and Pat's high school basketball coach, a guy named Walt Priolo, who Pat just idolized, got Pat's dad off the court and got him on the bench and let the game continue. And, you know, I think one of Walt Primo's sons was a Miami heat scout for a long time. I mean, Pat's one of those guys when his first Kentucky teammate died. I forget who it was, might have been Frank Ramsey, I forget who it was.


The, the heater on the road playing. And the family goes into whatever the Catholic church is in Kentucky where the mass is gonna be. And the only people in the church when they walk in are the priest and Pat Riley. Yeah. And he has gotten on an airplane somewhere out in the American darkness and flown into Kentucky like that. You know, he's the guy who shows up. And so I think when you know that about him, everything starts to line up. I mean, this is a guy for whom basketball was a family, you know, I love this story. He grew up in a real Italian neighborhood in Schenectady and there was a big upstate New York mob. And so these guys would just feed Pat, you know, like the, he would eat as a guest in their kitchens and in and out of the back door and played with their sons.


And after I think his freshman year at Kentucky, one of these guys who was a big mob boss said, Patrick, you can't come here anymore. And he was like, what do you mean? And he was sort of like, well, you're going, you don't want to be associated with me. We love you very much. You'll be family forever, but you can't come here anymore. And you know, so he just grew up surrounded by a very strict, I mean this is, you know, there's a story in the book on Pat, but like the, a really strict code about how a man behaves in the world. And you just, I think, see that play out in weird public ways with him over and over and over. Yeah. Yeah. What do you think it is about Pat that he's been able to, you know, he's, he's evolved over the years. He's, you know, went from being a, a successful head coach to giving up the reins and moving kind of behind the scenes.


But by, by most measures, he's been pretty successful as that even as he gets older, has he changed how he operates? Or is he just gonna be pat until he is not pat anymore and at that point he's outta basketball? I think he'll die in that job. I mean, we had this thing where he was talking so much to me while I was reporting the story about retiring that one day I just called him. I'm like, Hey, you're not trying to tell me you're retiring, are you? 'cause I don't want to have just missed all the signals. And he laughed. And then they got eliminated from the playoffs on the last day of the season. I was down in Miami and he texted me the next day And we went to like that Smith and Linsky down on South Beach. He lives in that big tower next to it.


And he was like, you wanna get a drink? And I was like, yes. And we sat there, had a couple of drinks and he's like, you know what? You wanna know what the greatest lie ever told is? And I'm like, what? He goes that I'm gonna retire to Malibu. And He just Started Ling and I'm like, oh, that's it. You're never ever going away. You know, his wife Chris is great. And the way she describes it, she's also a professional therapist. I don't think it's an accident that he married a therapist, but she's like, you know, pat grew up needing to get his, you know, his cookies or praise and he needs it. Yeah. Yeah. I I think it's, it's fascinating 'cause you've, you've spent so much time around people that have excelled that, you know, they share, they shared the common bond of excellence.


How much time do you think, how much time do you spend thinking about the commonalities of dysfunction when it comes to leadership specifically? I mean, most of the time, you know, it's like that post ho ergo proctor hawk, like, you know, bill Belichick without Tom Brady is a, is a sub 500 coach. I mean, I just sometimes wonder like, all a coach is, is somebody who either lucks into a star player or gets a star player and doesn't ruin it. You know, there's that idea of like, you know, how many Super Bowl titles would the Bears have won if it had been anyone other than Ditko is the head coach, you know what I mean?


Like, as opposed to he won a Super Bowl. Is there a narrative where like actually he lost four of them. Yeah. You know, and Andy Reed, Andy Reed's a perfect example. Andy Reed was, was known as a choker, couldn't win the big one. Patrick Mahomes. Now he's being talked about as could he be the best of all time? That's right. And, and those things are like, it's luck. You know, I mean, I think about, you know, my career is probably very different if Michael Jordan doesn't say yes. Yeah. Like, that has nothing to do with me. You know what I mean? Like, it was, I got him on the right day. And so you, you know, and you think about that all the time, about how much luck is involved and all of this.


So yeah, I mean I, you know, there, there are teams that have cultures and then there are teams that just have three really, really great players. Yeah. The, the Michael Jordan. Like, there's all, there's so many stories. It's, I'm actually very fascinated to see him on, you know, doing TV next year and seeing how, how he'll talk and if he will give us all these stories. But when you spent time with him, my favorite are like just the little competitive stories that come out where he can't help himself. Did you have that? Did you see that in just following him and like, Hey, this guy, there might not be another person on earth who wants to compete to the level he wants to compete in everything. Well, I mean, you know, this is a guy who like will be in The Bahamas and send staff down to the gift shop to get four sudoko books so they can all race.


This is a guy who very, very, very good at the iPad game, but jeweled. But It's almost sad. It's a long fucking way down from Game six to Bole. Yeah. You know, I mean, like, so you know, there is, these guys don't, you don't turn it off. Nobody who's great at anything is normal. Like just some people hide it. But, you know, the, I find, you know, he's a very, very serious marlin fisherman. I mean, I think a, a really great comp is Michael Jordan and Ted Willliams, you know, 'cause Ted Willliams was an excellent fisherman. His family, let me go down into his files.


He has a huge, they had a huge room full of filing cabinets. And in those are all of his phishing logs that he, it's his diary though. I mean, he, and, and you go through Ted Willliams diary and you know, you think about here's your fun. Ted Willliams fact. Ted Willliams mother, who was insane, literally lived through his entire professional baseball career, never went to a single one of his games. And when she died after he retired, he flew home to San Diego like a dutiful wealthy son. He paid for a very nice funeral. He then went to her house. He got every single family photograph and he burned them.


Wow. Wow. He probably should have married a therapist. Wow. He Mean like Ted Willliams could have used some Chris Riley. Yeah. I mean the, and so you, you know, the, like, there's a story in the cost of these dreams about Ted Willliams and his mother and his son and daughter. And the idea is like, to try to understand, you want to create a logical framework where freezing someone's detached head makes sense. But that's challenge is like to try, how did, how does this happen? And, you know, hurt people, hurt people. And Ted Willliams grew up in a terrible situation and was an awful father.


Like truly awful father. And then he got really sick at the end of his life and suddenly he and his kids had this relationship that they had all sort of wanted and didn't know how to have. And the moment that they got that relationship, he started dying. And now you understand like these desperate kids who had wanted this iconic father their whole lives. And then in the last 18 months of his life, they get it. And now they'll do anything for even the prayer of another day. Right. And like, so things that are totally back, shit crazy. Start to make sense. Yeah. Yeah. It's fascinating. One thing that you do, you're the executive producer of a series called True South, which I have to say is, is one of those shows, if you haven't seen it, they played on SEC Network a lot.


It's fantastic because it's one of those shows where you'll start, they'll, they'll run like 10 of them in a row. You'll start watching one with no intention of staying there and watching like a show after show. And you're like, I could watch Southerners go and find local spots to eat and like talk about the land forever. And you just wake up, you're like, oh my God, I just watched four hours of this. So it, it's fantastic. It's, I love it. My, I appreciate you. Yeah, Yeah. My question though is, being from the south, knowing the south like you do, do you think there's any tides changing with what's happening with college football and like, 'cause college football is religion in the South and it is such an important part of culture in the South.


Are you, do you see it from afar or even up close where you're like, this, this entire NIL the big power conferences, are we losing something or do you think, hey, this is gonna be here no matter what for years and years and years? Well, I mean, you know, I'm from Mississippi, which is one of, if not the only state in the country that doesn't have a Fortune 500 company. And so at some point like Ole Miss and Mississippi State are gonna run out of money. Yeah. The pool is just smaller. You know, I'm one of those people who like, like if the SEC just broke off and played its own thing, that would be fine with me. Like, I don't particularly like, you know, I'll watch whatever the SEC game is like.


I understand I'm part of the problem. So I don't, it's always sort of been this way. But look, the South is changing tremendously. And the, you know, people like all the little, like I'm from a little farming town in Mississippi and you know, our farm 50 years ago, we needed 400 families living on it to farm it. And now we farm it with, I think we have 18 people. And that's because the tractors can't turn themselves around. They, the, the tractors are GPS controlled, but you have to have a person in 'em to turn 'em around on the pads at the end of the roads.


Rows we're 10 years away from that being gone. And so now you can farm enormous swaths of land with four people. So like the rural south, which has in many ways been the heartbeat of SEC football fandom is totally emptying out in a way that sort of, no one's really talking about the farm economy. I don't know if you guys have been following this, but the price of cotton and soybeans, I mean, might be destroyed for a generation. It's gonna be a really, really hard time. Mississippi and parts of Louisiana and Alabama and Georgia. And so, you know, there is a, at a time when the only thing that matters in college football is how much money you can raise.


That's a scary thing if you live in the poorest part of the country. Yeah, it is. Yeah. And, and going back to, to your childhood growing up, I, I read that you got kicked outta school, is that right? I did get kicked out of school. I like that. I, I like a little bit of edge to you. Well, you know, shout out to the Woodbury Forest School, the, you know, I just went and spoke there. It was really interesting 'cause they asked me to come talk and I was like, you guys know you are you sure? Like, you know what I mean? Like, you're gonna gimme access to your student body. At one point you decided that wasn't a great idea, but it was really it, you know, it was a fun night. Saw a lot of people. But yeah, man, I I, it, it's interesting.


I read a book by a writer named Willie Morris called North Tort Home after I got Kicked Outta School. And it really, I didn't know, well two things. One, I didn't know that being a magazine writer was a job until I read this book. And two, he talked about the South and the way that I felt about it, which is very much a, you know what Patterson Hood calls the duality of the Southern thing. If you only hate the South, you're kind of a jackass. And if you only love the south, you're kind of a jackass. And I mean, it, it better be both. And in the conflict of that and in the inability to sort of separate those feelings lies the experience. And so, you know, it's sort of like being a Catholic convert.


Like, if you didn't go to a Catholic school and your parents didn't beat guilt into you, you are not Catholic. I don't care if you take communion, you know, and so like, it's a tribal thing. And so I read that book and before then, I just was totally lost. And that book really clarified a lot of things for me. Like, you know, I sort of thought, you know, I'm gonna run this farm and never leave this town. And, and that book really opened a world to me. Yeah. So we've bonded you and I over our love for the Grateful Dead. You're going to the concert in August in San Francisco, which I'm, I'm very jealous of. Have you thought about writing a story? 'cause I would love to read a story and maybe I, I I think it's fascinating this iteration of The Dead too, because John Mayer has taken such great care with it.


And like even watching him interact with Bob Weir on the stage, I think he needs deserves like way more credit than he gets in terms of taking something that's so special and, and, and making it alive again in a way that I didn't think was possible. Well, look man, I mean, every time people start bitching about him, it makes my head wanna explode. Same like when the greatest guitar player in the world, not named Derek Trucks, falls in love with your favorite band and devotes himself to learning it. Note for note, you should be nothing but grateful. I mean, the only appropriate response to John Mayer is Thank you.


Yes. You know, I I would love, I don't really wanna write a story so much is I wanna write a book that no one else seems to want me to write, which is I want to just randomly pick 25 bootlegs out of my tape collection and then write a memoir about listening to them over and over again and call it Nakamichi. Oh, I love that. I love that After my Tape, like after my tape deck. Yeah. And so, like, I got a great Amichi tape deck in my office, and I have all of my old tapes and like, you know, so like in my car, I just go to re-listen and like whatever the day show is. Yep. Like today, like, let's see, today the show on, what is it?


I'm pulling it up. Here we go. So today, the current Grateful Dead played 6 5 93 at Giant Stadium. 6 5 80 in Tempe, 6 5 75. It's a rehearsal 6 5 70 at the Fillmore West 6 5 69 at the Fillmore West. And that's, so yeah, what you just described is when I try to explain to people the love of the band, 'cause I never, I'm too young to have seen the actual Grateful Dead. It's like, how can you be a fan of this? The I saw him once. Yeah. The amount of shows and like, it's the, it's the ocean. You basically, I feel like, I feel like I'm in James Cameron's submarine in the Ocean where it's like I can go anywhere and every day I see something new and every day I hear a song that's like, oh, now this is my favorite song.


This is my favorite version of the song. This is my favorite year. Like, it just, it's endless. And that's my love for them, you know, that they, they've given us just so much, so many things we can explore on our own. And, and, and they're also different. And you kind of go through phases. Like I'm very much right now and have been for a while on like a late Brent phase. Yeah. 88, 89 into early 90. Like to me, that's my favorite iteration of the band. My friend David Ray Morris would slap me and be like, no, it's 74 moron. Yeah. Go listen to those five nights at the Winterland. And so, like, I love the fact that one, there is no right answer, but you kind of go through phases.


Like, I like that 87, 88, 89 90 Brent Dead. Yeah. That is my, that's my favorite. Like the without a net era. Like I love that shit. I'm, I'm with you, the Crimson White and Indigo that everyone can go listen to on Spotify. Yeah. Yeah. It's like the, the Yeah. Brent, there's something about Brent. The, the, just the idea of him being in the Grateful Dead too, wearing like a a a nice button down and a Rolex watch and just, just jamming the fuck outta everything. Well, you know, I mean, those guys got really rich really quick. Yeah. The, you know, and I, I love the idea of, you know, they're just like, there's so many great, like I just did all these voiceovers for the PGA championship and the number of Grateful Dead lyrics.


I snuck into those things. Yep. I noticed, you Know. Yeah. We got a, we you used to play for silver, now we play for life. I got a, I got a totally apropos of nothing. Moses came riding in on a quasar or something. I did a fucking, like I'm talking about sand traps and I did Dark Star. Like there's just, I'm not even trying to make it work. Yeah. I'm just like, no, this is, this is what we're doing now. Yeah. And like, you know, I'm, I'm turning this enormous sporting event into my own weird sort of deadhead, insider crossword puzzle. That that's why I love shout out to producer Jolly who works for Fox, where he just, he's a huge deadhead and you'll just be watching, hold on.


Oh, Sorry. The hotel they're trying to call me. Oh yeah. Huge dead. Yeah. Jolly. And you'll just be watching like Seahawks Cardinals and it'll just be like, oh, was that estimated profit going into the commercial break? The guy No, I email with him all the time. Yeah. And he's like, he's, he's one of the great unsung heroes in sports journalism. Like that guy. Yeah. We should make, you know what we should do? We should go sell t-shirts with his face on it with no explanation. Yeah, I'd buy it, I'd buy it in a Second. Would I, would I would hundred percent buy it? Or like if the, like if somebody could turn the robot into Bertha, like the Fox Cletus. Yes. Yeah.


Yeah. I don't under, is the robot still exist? I don't understand the robot. Yeah. Yeah. Pf t's the number one Cletus fan on, on the, I got a Cletus mascot uniform. Yeah. Cletus. It's a football playing robot. I don't know what there's not to understand about it. It's a robot and it plays football. You know, I know I work for the competition, but that might be the dumbest goddamn thing in the history of civilization. Like there's a football point. Yeah. Alright. It works though. And and his name's Cletus and it's spelled C-L-E-A-T-U-S, like a football cleat. Get It. You might not, you might not understand. No, that's okay. It's not for everybody. You See, these are really, these are complicated things. I, you Know, the way you felt when you first heard Althea. That's the way that I felt when I first saw Cletus.


Well, I'm in, I would in no way disrespect your deep love for Cletus, I would say. I hope you don't get burned. Yeah, I don't think so. Yeah, there's no, no, there's, if, if something comes out about Cletus and it's like you gotta cancel Cletus now, like it's problematic. I, I might be done with, with sports, not just football. I just can't wait for the Cletus trial. Yeah. They got, They, they got this footage of Cletus in the hallway of a hotel. It's really bad. Cletus was the guest of honor at a Diddy party. Oh. He got oiled up in short circuited, electrocuted three RV Singers. No, I mean, robots, robots require a great deal of oil. That's True. That's a good, I might, I might have to write, I might have to write a fan fiction about the downfall of Clus.


This sounds, this sounds like a great story. Look, I, I, I, look, I love you guys. If you write fan fiction about Cletus, that is even remotely psychosexual. Our thing is over. Like, you can't, You can't, you can't Do that. Oh wait, just wait. I'll do it. Yeah. In terms of just you as a writer, I mentioned earlier how you're able to bond so closely with some people, they trust you. All that stuff. Have you thought about if there's the next Wright Thompson next, next, you know, young reporter able to do some of the things that you're able to do and he calls you and he says, I'd like to write a profile about Wright Thompson. Would you do that?


No. Oh, I've done this to way too many people to let somebody do it to me. Hard past. No. I mean, like, I got asked a couple years ago by someone who I won't name, and I was like, no man. Absolutely not. Like, no, that's, we're not doing that. It's funny 'cause I reached out to Gary Smith to profile Gary and Gary was like, nah. Yeah, Yeah. I was like, well that makes, that's fair. That makes sense. Yeah. You Get it. Yep. Well, right. This has been awesome. Everyone, like I said, his books are incredible. Perfect Father's Day gift. The cost of these dreams, Pappy Land, there's a ton of books. He, all his articles are incredible. Go watch True South.


I got one last question for you. It's a Rollback Question. Question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos. Hoodies, joggers, shorts, promo code. Take We're we gotta do this again? 'cause you're a great storyteller. I have one question.


It's a weird question. 'cause we started by mentioning Seth Wickersham, who you're friends with, we mentioned, so when Seth wrote his, he, he's writing that book that's coming out about QBs. Yeah. And there was an article. Yeah, yeah. There was an article about Caleb Williams and I'm a Bears fan. And it was like, you know, o obviously we talked about it on the show and the next day I got a text from a random number being like, Hey, this is Seth Wickersham. I was like, damn, this guy's good. He is a journalist. No one gave me a heads up. Were you the person who gave him my number? I was not the person, but I would have had he asked. Okay. And and I would not have asked your permission. Yeah. Yeah. So it was like, I I, I just saw it pop up and I was like, this is why he's such a good journalist.


He just, no one asked. He just, I had a text from him being like, Hey, if you ever want, want to talk about any of the books, like, I'd love to come on. I was like, alright, we'll have you on for sure. And also, how the fuck did you get my number? Lemme tell you, lemme tell you. If he ever calls you and says he's doing a story about you, you should just tell him every shitty thing you've ever done. And maybe he'll be in a good mood when he cuts your arms and legs off. You know what? I would, he's gonna find Out. Yeah. It it's that great like Robert pin warn line from his sort of book about the governor who's based on Huey Long, and it's like, man is conceived in evil and born into filth and passeth from the stink of the died to the stench of the shroud.


There is always something. Yeah. I mean that's a, that's a great way to put it. I, I would read a book that if you and Seth collaborated on a book about the life and times of Jim Rse, I think that would be incredibly fascinating. Yeah. Because I I want that guitar. Yeah. Yeah. The guitar collection that he had is absolutely amazing. He turned down a billion dollars for his guitar collection. He Has the Jerry Tiger guitar. I think He has the Jerry, you know what else he has? He has the Jerry Tiger guitar. No, he's got the original manuscript of On the Road. Oh Wow. No shit. That's Crazy. Like the Kerouac, you know, that it was all taped. Like he has that. Yeah. Or well, he doesn't anymore, but you know what I mean?


And I would like that and I'd like Jerry's Tiger guitar. Yeah. If someone's gonna find a good home for it. You're, you're, you're first in Line. I'll take the, I'll take the Hendrick Strat that he has. Maybe David Gilmore's Black Strat. Yeah. If anyone out there is listening, just looking to get rid of the guitars, I think we could find good homes for him. Yeah. Yeah. We're ready for it. Right. You're the best. Thank you so much man. And everyone go buy a book because your books are incredible. And again, they're like, buying that book for Father's Day is a great gift. Tell you right now, it's an a plus gift.


Wright Thompson was brought to you by Mountain Dew. Baseball season's. Heating up Chicago in the summertime is in full swing. And the best thing to drink while hanging with your friends during warm weather is an ice cold Mountain Dew. We had 'em at Camp Barstool last year. Nothing took the edge off a sweltering day playing sports, hanging out, hitting the lake, nothing took that, that hot edge off the day. Like an ice cold Mountain Dew. We toss 'em around at the bonfire, have 'em with dinner. Mountain Dew is the best soda. It is the start of golf season too. And grab a dew while you're out on the course. If you're hanging on a boat, going to the river, maybe going fishing, bring the dew with you. And it's also great to drink while you're watching the playoffs. N-B-A-N-H-L playoffs, Stanley Cup finals have been great so far. NBA finals going on. Grab a dew while you're watching the game. Nothing goes better with playoff sports and hanging with your friends than the refreshing citrusy kick of Mountain Dew. Mountain Dew. Plus they've got the new graphics on the cans, the retro ones. The retro cans, retro bottles. Beautiful graphic. Grab a dew in the new packaging and enjoy the refreshing citrus kick with Mountain Dew.


Before we get to Mike Florio, he's brought to you by State Farm and Basketball. The great players don't just go it alone. They have teammates, coaches, and a solid support system behind him. It's kinda like insurance because let's face it, a lot of us probably aren't great at doing that alone either. And that's where State Farm comes in. State Farm is a teammate always ready to assist, help you find the coverage you need and help you recover from the unexpected, from Fender benders to storm damage or even just a question about your policy. State Farm is there to help provide an assist when you need it through State Farm Mobile app. It's a network of 19,000 local agents and online@statefarm.com. So don't just go to loan when you need help protecting what matters most. State Farm is there. State Farm with the assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state. And now here's Mike Florio.


And now for something completely different. Okay, we now welcome on A very special guest and a very dear, dear friend. It is Mike Florio pro football talk. You know what we were thinking? Two things, Mike. It's getting to the point of the year where we're like under a hundred days And we're like, we just wanna talk some ball. We wanna talk some ball. We love football. We're kind of not tired of talking about NBA and NHL, but like we wanna talk some football. And also Ryan Whitney had to move to Sunday, so we're like, let's have Mike Florio on. Thanks. Yeah, but no, we really did wanna talk ball 'cause we, 'cause it feels like you're, you're getting ready for your, because sabbatical, you're about to go on your little, you know, month off.


We're getting towards the end of OTAs. So we wanted to have you on talk about OTAs, talk about what's going on. So let's start with that. Give us the top three stories from OTAs so far and how they're kind of developing. Well, I would say number one, if and when Aaron Rogers is ever gonna show up in Pittsburgh, that's the thing that has had Steelers fans in it. Tizzy because the Steelers are acting in a way they've never acted before to be in this voluntary holding pattern while they wait for Rogers to make a decision. As Cam Hayward said a couple of months ago, and this really resonated with Steelers fans, you either want to be a Steeler or you don't. And I think Steelers fans are dismayed that Rogers has yet to accept.


That's still pending. Two, what's gonna happen with Kirk Cousins in Atlanta that's hovering over the NFL right now. Although there's no spot for him with another team to be a starter. I think this plays out. And if anybody gets injured, that may be the first call that gets made. And third, as they say, if you have two quarterbacks, you have none. If you have five quarterbacks, you are the Browns. And how in the hell are the Browns gonna take this cluster of quarterbacks they have and carve it down into one guy who's gonna be ready to go when the season starts? Alright, so let's unpack him. Gun to your head. Aaron Rogers plays for the Pittsburgh Steelers this year. I think he does, but I'd be concerned that, that ultimately he doesn't because why hasn't he done it yet?


Why hasn't he just told people I'm doing it now? People think that the Steelers have been privately informed he's going to do it, but at some point he just needs to say, this is what I'm going to do. It becomes exhausting while we play this guessing game. And he is at the Mike Stud concert wherever Mike Stud is answering questions Put on Hank's. Mike, Hank has a problem with that. I'm sorry, Hank has a problem with that. Go ahead Hank. Hi Hank. It's just Mike now and he is great, great artist. It's just Mike. His name's Mike. It's not, yeah, it's just Mike. Poor artist, formerly knows Mike Stud. Great artist. Yeah, that was, that was a ricochet. That was an unnecessary ricochet. Wait, wait, Hank, why did he drop the stud? He grew up, he's Yeah, he's, he's he's, yeah, he is.


Grew up literally. He's just Mike now. Is He no longer a stud? No, he still is. Yeah. I don't Mike out to pasture. You should be Mike's stud. It's like Prince. You are Mike's stud Mike our own Mike stud. Be Mike. You need to distinguish Mike's. Yeah. And Mike's stud is a good way to do it, I guess if it's available. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You heard Mike's story squat on it. So you think That Aaron Rogers at some point should tell somebody whether or not he plans to play? I agree with that. I I, I understand his reasons and I'm not gonna question the idea that he's got personal issues. People close to him are ill. He recently told Joe Rogan in a 184 minute podcast about nothing that, that he, I I don't get it guys.


I don't get it. I love your show. I don't consume a lot of content. I watched those three fucking hours and I don't know what I heard. I think my ears were bleeding by the time it's over, but, but anyway, he mentioned he is got some people whatever right turn, he's got people close to him who are fighting cancer. If that's the reason, that's fine. But you can let the world know I intend to play for the Steelers. He told everyone that two years ago, I intend to play for the Jets months before the Jets straighted for him. He said, I intend to play for the Jets. Nothing stops him from saying I intend to play for the Steelers. And at some point he just needs to do it. So back to the Browns real quick. You said Yeah, if you have five quarterbacks, you're the Browns. That is, that is accurate right Now, if you had a gun to your head on this, I'm not gonna pull, pull the gun back out, but hypothetically gun to your head, if you were to pick one person that's gonna start week one for the Cleveland Browns, who would that be?


Probably Joe Flacco. Yep. Just because that's the guy who you can get ready with fewer first team reps in August. See that's the problem. If you take four guys to camp now let's set Deshaun Watson aside because they've basically moved on from him. It gets very interesting if Watson shows up with a piece of paper saying I've been cleared to practice and play, then the Browns have have a variety of problems. But let's set him aside. I believe, and I don't know, but I believe that they're gonna try to move Kenny Pickett before the training camp opens. He was the insurance policy they traded for before they made any of these other moves. Flacco's the fan favorite, they couldn't bring Flaco back last year because they would've had to bench Deshaun Watson for Flaco.


Now he's back. The fans are gonna want him. You can get him ready easily and you can focus your efforts on trying to figure out between Dylan Gabriel and Shahir Sanders, which guy's the most likely to emerge as your long-term answer? So I think they're gonna go to camp with three guys. I think he's gonna be Flacco, Gabriel and Sanders. Flaco will start week one and then once one of the other two guys is ready, they'll put that guy out there. It could be Sanders, it could be Gabriel. We'll see Who's starting for the Giants. Is it gonna be Russ? Is that just, is that just decided? Well, you know, Russ is the guy who back in 2012 when he was the third round draft pick at the Seahawks supplanted Matt Flynn because he was superior to him in training camp, I think based upon where Russell Wilson is now.


And Russell Wilson's done great things in the NFL, but based upon where he is right now, the Steelers wanted nothing to do with him. Remember the Steelers were saying before free agency, we wanna bring back Justin Fields or Russell Wilson field signs with the Jets, nevermind, nevermind. We'll figure out something else. And Wilson was out there for a few weeks before he landed with the Giants. So the Steelers did not want him back. I think his best days are fading into the rear view mirror. I think in a fair competition, Jackson Dart will beat him out. Otherwise, why the hell's your trade back into round one to get Jackson Dart if he's not good enough to beat out a 36-year-old quarterback who can't play like he used to? 'cause he can't run away from pressure like he used to. So I, I think that darts should be able to beat out Russ.


The question is, do they want that to happen? Are they willing to do that? Do they want to throw Dart to the wolves week one? You look at their schedule this year, I mean last year was bad for the Giants. Holy shit. Look at their schedule this year. Look at the team they currently have. I know they're better, but it's gonna be a long year. Are we just pretending Jamis doesn't exist? What about Jackson Dart beating out Jamis Winston. Jamis Winston I think is better than Russell Wilson right now. I agree with you on that. And Jamis Winston's a hell of a lot more fun. And it was just weird, you know, these teams get desperate to get a quarterback and they start doing crazy things when you sign Jamis Winston and then you turn around a few days later and you sign Russell Wilson. That just it, that makes no sense to me from the standpoint of the vibe in the locker room.


You're either all in with the Jamis Winston experience or you're all in with the Russell Wilson experience. There are two very different things. Yep. So I, I think Winston is a guy who could be traded before the start of training camp. Wouldn't the Saints love to have him? Yeah, You would think so. I mean, I think there are teams out there that would say Winston is a better number two than what we currently have. And maybe he could make things interesting and be the number one. Is it, by the way, you, you mentioned the Saints, this, this is a perfect Florio fan fiction. Is their car fully retired? Is he, is he just trying to get rid away from the Saints? Well I think the Saints were trying to get away from him, right? It was an awkward, weird situation because he had that shoulder injury that nobody knew about.


And I don't want to get too deep into the contractual weeds, but the Saints owed him 40 million this year and they weren't able to get out from under the contract before the full 40 million locked in because of the injury. So they were stuck and at the end of the day, he didn't wanna have the surgery and rehab and then come back and play for the Saints. He didn't wanna not have the surgery and try to play it less than a hundred percent. So they worked out a deal where he keeps 10 million that he is already gotten, he gives up 30 million in pay that he would've gotten if he'd had the surgery and, and gone through the motions of being on injured reserve and whatnot. And you gotta respect a guy walking away from 30 million. Now he's made more than 200 million, but he walked away from $30 million. All he had to have was surgery and go through a rehab and he gets the 30 million from the Saints.


I just feel like they didn't want him. He knew they didn't want him and it was a good point to break apart. The question is next year, and I'm told it's highly unlikely he ever comes back next year. If he doesn't have the surgery, will he be healthy enough to play? Will that shoulder heel with a year off? Will he want to come back? He's only 34, which for quarterbacks, you know, he's still got 5, 6, 7 years left. So I don't completely rule it out, but the way he's talking and the way he's acting, it sounds like he's done. I think he wants to try to get into the media. Him and his brother have something going on now and I think he, he's hoping to maybe get someone's attention and get a gig with NFL network or somewhere. So I think that's his next play to try to get into the media.


Alright. What's that noise? What's that beep? Is that you or is that us? Text? Yeah, I'm sorry, I don't how to turn it off. Sorry. Okay, All good. It's probably something important. Who is it? Who's texting you? No, it, it's, it's proprietary. Oh, oh, interesting. Bill Belichick to the box. Is that what it is? I did read, I I wrote that this morning. Yeah, I Read it Because that is ultimate fan fiction. Yes. But, But if it happens, is that how, If It happens, remember where you heard it? Okay. Alright, so, so tell me about your theory, bill Belichick coaching the Buccaneers. How, how does this happen? Would Jordan approve? Well, that, that's one of the wild cards that we'd have to take into account.


But you know, last season, Mike, you gotta figure out how to turn off this text message. I'm sorry. You Could silence it. I think, I don't know that, lemme try that. I don't know how to use this fucking thing. Hang on. Tell Yeah, tell Jason Light. You'll call him back. Hang on. What if Jordan was texting him? How do I turn off this fucking thing? I'll just exit, I'll exit the messages. IIII Didn't quit it. You do it on, on the top it says like, file quit. Yeah. Yeah. You Or quit. All right, it's gone. Hopefully that works. There go. Yeah. Alright, so, alright. How that was, I don't, Mike, I I love you. That was a very old move by you to have your text messages going off. Listen, listen, I brought my nice laptop down to the barn so the camera Would be good.


You're, you're right. I shouldn't You factor in the fucking text messages. Okay. Yeah. I Continue. Yes. Yeah, please continue. Okay. Allow me to weave my fan fiction. Please do. Last Belichick Consigliere, Michael Lombardi, who is basically his unofficial mouthpiece and has been very quiet since all of the Jordan Hudson stuff hit the fan, which is hilarious. Lombardi wouldn't shut up until this Hudson stuff happens. And now you can't find him anywhere. But he was putting out this idea that Todd Bowles would retire possibly after the 2024 season. It was like, what the fuck? Bowls isn't gonna retire. Bowls go seven the fuck, I'm not gonna retire.


So I feel like Belichick has been eyeballing the bucks. Maybe Lombardi was trying to speak it into existence that there'd be a vacancy there, because that's one of the teams where they've got the talent. Belichick needs the talent. You give him the talent. He's the best game day coach that football has ever seen. He'll take that talent, he'll get them ready and they'll go out there and they'll find a way to win games. He's not so good at developing and drafting and acquiring talent, but if you give him talent, he can make it happen. And the Bucks have done some crazy ass shit when it comes to head coaches. Over the years, they've fired John Gruden abruptly. They elevate Raheem Morris, who nobody had ever heard of. He was a defensive backs coach who goes all the way up to head coach.


They hired Greg Shiano for crying out loud in 2012. He was on no one's radar screen as a potential head coach. They fired Lovey Smith and promoted Dirk Cutter because they were afraid Cutter was gonna parlay his one season with Jamis Winston into a head coaching job somewhere else. And then when Tom Brady Unretired, they kind of gave Bruce Arians the, the unofficial nudge out the door. So the Buccaneers are willing to do kooky things if they think it's gonna make them better. And there was already some noise that, hey, maybe if they're looking for a coach, they would go in that direction at a time when you would think all the teams are saying no. The Bucks have a history of doing unconventional things and it would definitely be unconventional at this point for the Buccaneers to go after Belichick.


But it would make sense if you can hand him a talented team in a weak division where he could cobble together enough wins to get to the playoffs. And we know he wants to be back in the NFL. He can say he doesn't want that all he all, he would like, he wants to catch Don Shula in the worst way. And the Bucks are the one team that, that would make sense out of all 32 franchises for next year. It, it is a good point and I haven't really considered it the Bucks. Yeah. They have a very extremely chaotic record when it comes to how they handle their head coaches. So talk, talk to me about the June 1st thing with Belichick, because we've seen the, the, the date June 1st. That's about the extent of my knowledge about it. Does it make it, it makes it easier for Bill to leave or it makes it easier for UNC to part ways?


Now? UNC would still have to buy out whatever's guaranteed in his contract. And I think he got three years, 10 million per year. So 30 million total. Now he's made about six months of it. But they'd owe him the balance of the guaranteed money if they would pull the plug. The buyout is important because that's his price tag to walk away. And when he first signed the contract, it was a $10 million buyout. But then as of June one, just five months later, it drops all the way to 1 million. And I remember when Lombardi was trying to sell the idea that Bill's committed, he's not leaving North Carolina. And the easy response is, well then take out the buyout clause. Right? Why do you have a buyout clause in there to let somebody write a check for a million bucks? I mean, for one of these owners, if they really wanna hire Bill Belichick, what's a million dollars?


It's nothing. They spend less than that for a week of maintenance on their super yachts for crying out loud. It's a write off. It's gone, it's over. You get him. Now, as the opportunities for the NFL seem to fade, it shifted into whether or not this gives bill power over UNC. 'cause he can say to them, Hey, bring back my girlfriend Idea Mill, creative Muse handler publicist. We're Team Jordan on inspiration. Well team Jordan on. So be careful you're getting into deep water here. That's fine, that's fine. But let her be in the building. And if you don't, if you don't gimme what I want, I'll just write the million dollars myself and I'll say, see you later. And I'll leave you high and dry without a head coach. So he's got more power in the relationship because he can walk away now for a million bucks. But any NFL team that wants him, if they truly want him, the buyout is no impediment whatsoever.


It's a million dollar check. You write it, you move on. Yeah, it is good fan fiction though. I, I appreciated reading that this morning. And then your team, so all those who accuse Mike of being biased, just remember he's biased, he loves the Minnesota Vikings and he will say bad things about your favorite team in service to them. How are you feeling personally about going into this season with JJ McCarthy? I have no expectations whatsoever. The Vikings for the past 20 years, it seems have been on this rollercoaster where every good year is followed by a bad year. Every bad year is followed by a good year. So I fully expect them to not be very good this year. But I do agree with the approach of giving JJ McCarthy a chance to fully develop. There was some weirdness happening right around the start of free agency with Sam Darnold.


Are they gonna bring him back? Are they gonna bring back Daniel Jones? I talked to people who were dealing with the Vikings and the sense I was getting is nobody really knows who's calling the shots or who's making the decisions. Is it Kevin O'Connell? Is it Quaia? Do Mensa? Is it ownership? Who's making these big picture decisions about who the quarterback's going to be? And they did talk to Aaron Rogers. They admit that ADO Mensa didn't close the door on Aaron Rogers when he talked about it a couple of months ago. It could be Rogers is still waiting to see if they look at the film from the OTA practices in mandatory mini camp and decide, you know what, let's just go all in with Aaron Rogers for a year, make it like Brett Fav in 2009 and try to get back to the Super Bowl for the first time in 49 years.


I, I like the idea though, of giving McCarthy his opportunity to reach his ceiling. They haven't had a true franchise quarterback at least since Dante called Pepper, who's who, who had a promising career cut short by injury before him. Fran Tarkenton, maybe McCarthy could be the guy. It's the highest they've ever drafted a quarterback, I believe. I'd have to look. It's the highest in years at a minimum that they've drafted a quarterback at 10th overall. Let's see what this guy can do. And so far so good. He throws it well. He moves well if he can stay healthy, you know, they could, they could win some game. The schedule's gonna be harder this year though. Yeah, it's one of the things that just overlooked last year, eight games played by the teams in the NFC North were against the A FC South and the NFC West in a season when the NFC West was down this year.


They play all four teams of the A FC North and all four teams of the NFC East. That's eight games swapped out much harder for the Lions, the Vikings, the Packers, and the Bears this year. So I think all those teams, the top teams could have a lesser record and still be better than they were last year. Yeah, And I, I, I mean I think the Vikings did a lot this off. Like it's a good setup for JJ McCarthy. I mean he, the offensive line, they did some good things with that and free agency, they obviously still have the best, if not, you know, if you whatever you wanna rank the receivers and Justin Jefferson, like they are a talented team that it feels like it's a good place for JJ McCarthy who's, who's obviously didn't wanna sit a year but sat a year because of injury to be put into.


And I also think Kevin O'Connell is, I mean that he's, he's one of the best QB coaches in the league. Like I I absolutely, you gotta think that that is a big plus when it comes to JJ McCarthy and what you're gonna find out about him. Absolutely. And they need to compliment the passing game, which is run to perfection by O'Connell with a running game that, that can balance things out a little better. And the moves they made at the interior offensive line are critical. Two cults were signed. They used their first round pick on the Ohio State interior offensive lineman, Donovan Jackson. They, they need an edge. They need, you know, I mean, yes, there's a lot of finess that happens in pro football, but you still need some guys that'll punch you in the mouth when someone needs to be punched in the mouth.


That'll stand up to a defensive lineman who's given him grief or whatever and be physical pass blocking, run blocking two different things. They need to work on the run blocking. They need to have tougher, harder nosed guys on the offensive line. And they're trying to do that this year. And Jordan Mason, the guy they picked up in a trade with the 49 ERs that could be one of those sneaky great acquisitions where he can come in and just explode for the Vikings and the running game. And if they start getting 5, 6, 7 yards a clip, all of a sudden a passing game gets even more wide open. I'm getting excited now. Maybe I'm starting to Believe. Yeah. And you know, the edge thing is, is is very true. You look at the Eagles and, and their offensive line. So it's good segue the lions Frank Ragnar retires. Was this a shock at all to people in the building or was it something that, hey, they kind of felt like this could happen and then what, what, what, what is the fallout here?


'cause he's obviously a very, he was a very talented center. That offensive line was the strength of their team. W what do we like, how are the lions going to adjust to this? They've had a lot of turnover this year. They've got the rookie they picked in round two who's already taken the snaps at center. I think that Rag Knew. Yeah, I think they knew Rag now was transparent and he did him a favor by not retiring before the draft. Because if he retires before the draft, then every time the lines are on the clock or approaching being on the clock, there's a blinking red light, they're gonna draft an interior offensive lineman. By not knowing that Ragnar was out. It allowed them to not worry about getting jumped by somebody who tries to predict, Hey, you know, we kinda like that guy.


Maybe the lions are gonna take him. Let's cut the line in front of the lions and get the guy they may be looking at. So I think they knew, and this is just another example of the adversity that they're having to deal with this year. Both coordinators gone much tougher Schedule seven games outdoors of this year. They play all those teams from the me from the A FC North, all the teams from the NFC. So there's gonna be some great games this year with the Lions. But when you look at their schedule, like we were looking at the first seven games before the bi week, the other day, five and two is the best case scenario. A team that went 15 and two last year, five and two through seven games they should be thrilled with. So they've gotta forget about last year. They can't make excuses. They can't say, oh well it was us. We've got new offensive coordinator, we've got new defensive coordinator.


And I think Dan Campbell's the right guy to set that tone to get them to forget about last year and focus on this year. This is why I love Mike, because his show, which I was lucky enough to do with you many times, like in this part of the season, they'll be like, all right, it's Wednesday, may, you know, 22nd. What are we gonna do? We're gonna just break down the lion's schedule. I'm looking at that right now. I love it. It's just ball all the time. Go through it, Mike. So Lions, you're living the dream Lions at Packers week one. Well, I, I, I feel like I give the edge of the home team in that and I hate to do the mike and the Mad Dog. There's a win, there's a loss. Yeah. No, it's the best. That's what this time of year is for Mike.


That's why we do it. Hey, Packers win that game. Lions are Owen one. Okay. Bears at Lions. Well, hey, what what, what an intriguing week too with Ben Johnson Coming. Yeah, see he's getting right in the Lions. That one I'll give the lions on a late field goal. Okay. Late field goal. Three points. Okay. My metrics have it five and a half with the lions, but that's fine. Lions at the Ravens, You know, we've seen road teams go in into Baltimore and surprise them from time to time. It's usually like if it's a bad team, they can go in and surprise the Ravens Raiders. The Ravens will kick the crap out of 'em like they did to the Lions a couple of years ago. I'll give that one to the Ravens. Okay. Browns at home in Detroit.


I think the, if the lions lose that one, they have a, a very big problem, Then they're going to sensei. Now we know that the Bengals struggle at the start of years. Yeah. But that's deep enough into the season. Right. Okay. I'll still give that one to the Lions. I'll give that one to the Lions. What's that happen now? Four and two or three and two. You got 'em at four and two right now? Yeah. Okay. Because you have, you have Pit well no wait, no you the only two. You had the Packers, you add the Ravens as losses. Yes. And then the Chiefs going to Arrowhead. Okay. Columbus Day. The lions did win there to start the 2023 season. Know It's bad.


So anyway. Oh, your, your text message sound is like a a, a hearing aid that's struggling to find the frequency. It's not the normal, it's like a sharper sound. It Gets my attention though. Yeah. Because it, it doesn't interfere with my hearing aid frequency. I, I'll I'll say the chiefs are gonna, are gonna rectify the week one loss from a couple of years ago. So that's three losses there for the lines. It's more losses in the first six weeks than they had all of last year. The, that's all the more reason to forget about last year. The late Vikings coach Dennis Green used to call it the Valley of zero and zero. And I think that's the hardest team thing for a team that had a great season number one seed. You gotta forget about that because now you're back at zero and zero with all of the other teams. And you know, if you start one and three, the, the year after the Vikings went 15 and one they started like one and three or two and four.


You just gotta forget about last year. Last year's gone. You gotta focus on this year. So these first seven games I think will give the lions the idea that they need to, to wake it up. I'm gonna, most of these are coming from Yeah, thanks. Now you're sending them through. Please Come. Oh, Mike, what I wanna do is rapid fire ready? You ready for this rapid fire? Yes. Okay. I first five weeks rapid fire. Just, just No, no, just gimme me the winner. Panthers. Jaguars. Oh really? You're gonna do that? Panthers, Jaguars. Come on Jaguars. Shit, I don't know.


Panthers. Okay. Panthers. Cardinals. Panthers. Okay. Falcons at Panthers. Falcons. Panthers at Patriots. Patriots. Dolphins At Panthers. Panthers. Alright. So three and two. That's Not bad. Even with the Lions. Yeah, that's not bad. Panther's gonna make the Super Bowl this year, Mike. Yeah, we go I knew what you were doing, but that's okay. And So How many teams, and this is what the NFL loves this time of year between free agency in the draft, you can convince yourself. Yep. No matter how bad your team was last year, that you can turn it around.


And we've had examples. The Texans were as dysfunctional and got awful as any team we've seen over the last 20 years. And boom, come CJ Stroud and Will Anderson and Dko Ryans and they win the freaking division in the first year. The Bengals, the year that they went to the Super Bowl, they were the one team in the A FC I'd look at and say they got no chance to make it to the playoffs. So some of these teams that have been traditionally bad or recently bad, the panthers, the Jets, the Jaguars, you can turn it all around in one year. It really is amazing. And I think that's one of the things that makes the NFL special. You don't have fan bases that check out before the season begins, like you do in baseball or basketball. If you mentioned One there are we, are we concerned about CJ Stroud? What's going on there?


Well, I don't know. Soreness in your arm that keeps you from throwing in OTAs. Like what the hell did you do to get your arm to the point where you can't throw in the off season? And Sims and I were talking about it the other day and it's great to have a former quarterback on the show because he said, you know, you can go out there and overdo it and you do get to a point where your elbow or your shoulder or something isn't right and you just have to rest it. But you're missing reps with a new offense, new players, you're missing the closest thing. You're gonna have to live reps until training camp. And this is the opportunity to get up to speed with the new offense or installing. So it's a little concerning. But if he's able to go when training camp rolls around, it's nothing to really be worried about. I wasn't concerned until Dika Ryan said three times.


We're not worried. Yeah. And then I, and then I got worried. Yeah. Hey, I love watching those press conferences too. And you always gotta watch the hands and he did a good job. He was doing the Superman Hercules stance with his hands on his hips, trying not to like, 'cause you always gotta, 'cause it's the, you know, and, and it's amazing how it works when the guy is lying through his teeth, inevitably the hand will stray up at the key moment. And kinda like, and that's the ultimate, that's the ultimate control of your body. If you can avoid scratching or touching your face when you're selling the bullshit, then you've got it figured out. Yeah. Yeah. I appreciate that. So when it comes to teams, you mentioned a couple that, you know went from worst to first, not expected to make the Playoffs, ended up surprising everybody.


Give us a team this year that did not make the Playoffs last year that you think will make the Playoffs this year a surprise team. Well, I, I like what the Jets are doing and I can't believe I'm saying that. I don't think I've said that at any point in the 25 years I've been covering the NFL. But they're trying to do what the Lions did and the key is gonna be the owner has to stay the hell out of the way. He was way too involved last year. Fired Robert Sala earlier than he should have got involved in things he shouldn't have been involved in trust. Darren Moji, the new GM Trust, Aaron Glenn, the new head coach with that Parcells streak in him, put the team above the individuals. They didn't have a big splashy off season where they're in the middle of all sorts of discussion and hype and talk about the jets and look at what the jets are doing.


It was a very meat and potatoes approach. They believe in Justin Fields. Justin Fields reunited with Garrett Wilson from their time together at Ohio State. I think that's a huge positive. They, they, they were in favor of keeping the tush push and there's a thought that maybe they're gonna use it. Ooh. Justin Fields ESPN research had a nugget since 2021. Justin Fields has converted 11 of 12 push sneak plays. That is the highest rate between him and Jalen Hertz and Josh Allen and Fields is number three in the league behind Hertz and Allen. Now Hertz did it a hundred times. Allen's done it 55 times. Fields only did it 12. But I think they may be thinking about using it because look, if you can make it work, you don't have first and 10 anymore.


You got first and nine or first and eight. Yeah. Did you get an automatic yard or two when you get within the, the range of the sticks? Yeah, that's right. I like that. Take memes. Loves It. Yeah. Memes are are are producer big. Justin did, did you demote, did you demote him as like, he's no longer the top Florio? Yeah. Memes. Memes has a very like, sour relationship with you online. But this is, this is going, this is big for you guys. Memes, what do you think? Yeah, that was really good. I'm waiting for like, the, The gotcha. Oh, is there a gotcha? No, there's No gotcha. No, no. It's, I'm, it's not a setup. It's not a setup. I didn't do it to pander to you. I did the fan fiction thing to pander to, to Hank. I didn't do that. I didn't do that to you because I don't think of you.


Oh, Mike, I I have a couple last questions. First of all, Mike is an author Father's Day's coming up. Everyone please go buy Mike's books. Can we buy 'em on Amazon? You get 'em on Amazon. 14.99 for the print editions. But because I've got a fairly momentous weekend coming up where I'm gonna turn 60, I I'm Whoa, Mike. Whoa. That's why we had 'em on. Mike. What you Look great for six Mike Stud. Yeah. Mike, we go Mike Stud and he can't Congrats. Mike, I'm, I'm just trying to keep up with you, Kat, Since you're 50 now. Yeah, I'm 40. That was me texting you. Happy birthday by the way.


Yeah, thank you. Anyway, this weekend. This weekend the eBooks for father of mine, father of mine and son of mine, the sequel. I'm making 'em free both days. Whoa. I do that from time to time. I'm trying to promote reading, like, because, because people hate to read because they grew up having to read in school and I hated having to read. And as an adult it takes a while to come back to it. But I'm telling you, and I'm gonna keep working on you 'cause I'm gonna get you guys, especially you Big Cat to read by my book. Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna get you to read it. I know it's up there on the shelf. I'm gonna get you to pull it down and fucking read it. Do you know what I did, Mike? It's right up there. I bought a reading lamp for like, you know, the little clip that you can put on your book so at night you can, there you go.


There you go. Yeah. Haven't Is that like a birthday gift from your son? No, haven't haven't used it, but I'm, that's a, that's a first step. All right. But anyway, they're, they're usually, I made 'em 99 cents on Amazon for the ebook for this year. Just 'cause I want people to, to buy them and read them and enjoy them because people surprisingly do buy them and read them and enjoy them. But this weekend they're free just for the ebook. The, the print book is not free. 14 point 99, you can get it now and you can give it to dad or grandpa or your uncle or your cousin or whoever for Father's Day. I love it. We need the a AWS to go out and buy that because we do love Mike. He's, he's been ride or die with us from the very beginning. Alright, couple last questions. This is a random one, fan fiction maybe that you can do an article.


What's the next NFL team to be sold? Well, I, I think it'll be the Seahawks. Okay. Because all right, so not the Seahawks then next after that, You know, one of these owners is eventually gonna wake up and say, shit, I'll take 10, 11, $12 billion. Right. I I've had enough. I've done enough. You know, and, and I hear different rumors from time to time and I don't want to compromise any sources. But there there could be like a guy that believes, Hey, you know, I've done everything I can in this league and they're, they're, these teams are worth 10, 11, 12 billion. Now I'm cashing out baby. Now they have a hard time finding people who have the money to buy teams.


Yeah. But, but you know, they're trying to change the rules and soften it and make it a little bit easier. But these franchise values keep going up and up. I I, I will not be surprised if somebody that we didn't expect to sell his or her team decides. I'm, I'm out. I'm good. Yeah, we're moving forward and we're taking the money. Yeah. Mike, I think Hank Mike might have a last question for you. Oh yeah. Lemme do. Oh, he doesn't. He he didn't respond. He doesn't. Oh, okay. I have a last question, Rollback question. Well, we, I texted you asking, do you have a question for Florio? You were on your phone and you didn't see that text. What have you been doing? Where did you text me that I texted you the group.


Pardon? My Take full group route. You didn't see it? Mike, do you have a last question for Hank? Wait, wait.


Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code take


Sounds like Hank doesn't, can't work his cell phone either. Mike Hank's getting old too. Yeah, He is. He actually, he's about my birthday's coming up too. His birthday's in 10 days. This must be a separate group text you guys have No, it's the full group. Are you 30? I'm 31. About to be 32. He's about to be 32 birthday. Hank, do you have a question for our good friend Mike Rio? Big Cat removed Hank from the conversation. How? I don't know. It says today 1102. Thanks, dude. Big Cat removed Hank Lock from the conversation. Oh, I did it from my computer. Weird. It's so rude. Okay. Little guy that doesn't know how to use his fucking computer now We're all, yeah, we're all, I fi it is fucked. I, I fucked myself. You know what? It's, I fucked myself.


I look like an idiot. Alright, last question. I look like an idiot because Mike couldn't, you know what? I blame the, the stupid chime that keeps going on. Mike, you've, you're as, as a father. Where I'll you again? I'm, I'm peppering it. Stop it. I'm, I'm trying to change the subject so it's back on you. Mike, what are your, what are your thoughts on eating ice cream at nine? Am I I saw the picture of Big Cat with the ice cream cone at nine 15 in the morning. I I don't see why you shouldn't be able to eat ice cream whenever you want ice cream. Yes. I mean, If you're hungry, It's, it's one of the food groups, it's dairy. Right. You can put stuff on it to like expand the horizon. I got no problem with ice cream at nine in the morning. You still gotta come up to, to our office in Chicago. We got the machine now. So free ice cream on us.


I'm waiting for a real invitation, not the phony while he is on the air. We'll invite him up. I'm waiting for the real, Hey, would you come up and hang out with us in the studio? Okay, we Should. You know what, Mike? You know what Mike? I don't wanna speak outta turn. Oh, we have a fantasy team. Yeah. J O'Connell helps to manage it. Yep. Would you like to co-manage the team with J O'Connell? No. Would you? No, because No, it's not your team. It's, it's not your, you wouldn't have to pay for anything. No, no, no. Mike, I know we've, we've, we've battered you mentally and you, you, you know it, there's years of therapy you gotta go through with the fantasy arc story arc with us. We've moved on from That. We've moved on from that. Jerry O'Connell is our manager. Would you be, would you be interested in being the team general manager?


So you would be so he's kind of the coach, you're the general manager. We're the owners. You don't have to pay anything. You gotta just be the go-between so we don't have to talk to Jerry O'Connell. Yeah. How does Jerry O'Connell feel about that? He's fine with it. Yeah. He's actually pumped. He's like, I need someone who's hovering over me and micromanaging because Tell you what, he really doesn't want Adam Schefter to co-own the team with him. Yeah. So this would be you. If, if this Is, if this is real. Yes. And if this isn't just part of one of your fucking bits to try to get me to step into it so you can say nobody gives a shit about your fantasy team. I'm happy to help out. Okay. All right. We're in. Alright. And but Mike, the way you just said it right there, just know that like, it made me want to say it in the moment that nobody, but I'm not going to, It was on the tip my tongue team.


Team. 'cause it's not, this is not a bit this Jerry, he needs a little bit of help sometimes. And I think that you are the person that can help him. This is gonna be the greatest test of our friendship. Yeah. Because the whole time Yeah. If you're involved in this the entire time, PFT and I will just be like literally trying to hold ourselves back of no one gives a fuck away your fantasy, but it's our fantasy team. Yep. Yeah. So Mike, you're the best. We love you. Love talking ball. Thank you guys. Enjoy your vacation. When does vacation start? It's on vacation. The show is off from July, from June 13 until I think July 28th. But pro football talk.com is updated every day. And I'll be doing videos every day from either my Olive Garden set at my house or down here or wherever I happen to have a computer.


I mean, it never, there's always something. We're just shutting down PFT Live for a few weeks. We do it every year, but there'll be plenty of pro football talk content. No days off. What, what's the Olive Garden set? What do you mean? You know, it's, you guys have busting my balls about it. Oh yeah. When Italians get money, they basically become the trashiest version of themselves. Yeah. Yeah. That's every, that's also everyone. Yeah. Don't give Italians money. They'll just make an olive garden in their kitchen. A great note to finish on. Yeah. All right. Ancestors. Very proud. Hey listen. Proud Italian father here. You know that. I know my little kids. Alright Mike, you're the best. We love you. Thanks Guys.


Florio was brought to you by Morgan. And Morgan and Fire Fest is presented by Morgan and Morgan. This week's Fire Fest is brought to you by our great friends. We all know that life comes at you fast. One minute you're having a great time out on the lake. The next day you're back at the office trying to figure out how to repair your boat. 'cause you steered into some rocks. When you find yourself in the middle of your very own fire fest, you just might need America's largest injury law firm in your corner. Morgan and Morgan has been fighting for the people and helping with your fire fest for over 35 years. With Morgan and Morgan, it's easy to get started. Their fee is free unless they win. You can check them out@forthepeople.com slash pmt. That's FOR the people.com/pmt. Okay. Fire fest of the week time Henry Fire Fest.


I don't, I don't really, I had a good week. Yeah. I'm busy being pf t's golf. CEO. It's, it's, it's got me back in the trenches. Busy. He busy, busy. But good week. Summertime. Hank Pulled me aside today. He's like, just so you know, I've got a plan, but I need you to follow through on the plan. I mean, that's fair. He is putting Yeah, he's putting some pressure on me. It's Gonna be hard work. He's putting together a massive plan. B and PT have a very friendly, friendly relationship and it's like, I don't want be in the spot where I kind of have to, you know, push him. But that's what it's gonna have to take. And Hank, if you have to play golf as CEO of PFT to supervise golf enterprises, if you have to supervise, then you have to supervise. That's part Of your job simulation. Yeah. Simulate competition. You gotta get out there. But nothing bad happened this week.


I'm, I'm curious. Yeah, no, we're just checking in on you. Checking in on your friends. You Just having fun. Just having a good time living life. Yeah. It was a good week. Quick week. The, it's foggy. This can't go outside in Chicago. Yeah. What's up with the smog? I think it's Canadian Wild. Is there mog today? Yeah. Bad smog. Oh, I didn't even, I haven't been outside today. Yeah. Whoops. I think it's the Canadian wildfires again. They're Doing that shit again to us. What the fuck? Oh man. Blame Canada. Is it like bad? Is it bad? Is it bad? Real bad. Unhealthy. Oh, we're in red zone. Yeah. Ooh. Canada's elected a new pope. Ooh. Red Zone is different. Yeah.


Okay, so you're good. Yeah. I don't, I can't force, I can't force one. Okay, great. Don't force one. You got this, man. You did a great job. Hank kind Of stole my fire fest Of doing nothing. I, I've had a pretty good week. It's been, it's been excellent across the board. I don't really have too much to complain about. I guess the only thing is softball has been canceled now for three weeks in a row. Yeah. It only rains on Wednesdays here in Chicago. Yeah. So I guess we're just gonna finish the season out with a standings as is. And that's that. I have no idea. I don't know, but it's kind of a bummer. I miss playing Ball Boys. I do too. The Great boys. Yeah. It is very weird that we've had three straight Rainouts. Yeah. I guess the other fire fest, it's an impending fire fest that I'm working on with, with Nick and Brandon to buy the the 20 seat stretch H two limousine.


And then we're gonna figure out how to monetize that later. But It's, which I'm in on for silent investor. Yeah, You're a silent investor in the project Because I know it's gonna make money. It's gonna make so much money. I just don't know where I'm gonna park it or what I'm gonna do with it. But besides that, it sounds like my best idea yet It Looks sick. And by my best idea, I mean, shout out to Nick for presenting me with the investment opportunity because he was like, PF t's got money, so I should just ask him to pay for it. Yeah. And we'll figure out Yeah. Make money later. Yep. Buy Hummer limo limos are getting going extinct. Yeah, that's a good point. They have been going extinct for a while. They've become trashy. I think it's the, I think it's like the Suburban has kind of taken over, you know, black car Yeah.


Has taken over for limos. When I see limo, I'm just like, oh, is it prom season? Right. You don't think like, it's like the vans. It's like the party vans. Yeah. Like 20 years ago you see a limo, you're like, what famous person is in there that doesn't exist anymore. Yeah. Now it's, yeah, you're right. It's, It's a fleet of black suburbans. It's the giant suburbans, the convoy of those, The Tahoes, you Got the Tahoes and then you've got the like open air party buses that people take around Nashville. Yeah. And those are the three genres of, of going out with a bunch of friends these days. Yeah. They're So let's bring limos back. Yeah, Let's do it. Zach would make a great limo driver, by the way, With the cap and the driving gloves. Yep. Yep. You Ever worn driving gloves? Never the gloves, but pretty decent driving record. Okay.


What's that? What's your driving? Pretty decent. Everybody's got a couple, a couple tickets, some, some stop signs, couple accidents done crazy. Oh wait, a couple accidents, But I was How Many accidents? Only four. That's, That's a, a lot of accidents. That's lot of accident Of the accidents in two to four. How Old are you? 27. That's A decent amount of accidents. What, What were the other two? There was a, there, I mean there was a hydroplane, there was a, somebody ran a stop sign. One was a, a rear end that was hand up. That was my bad. That that one was me. And then the fourth one I was passenger, so it doesn't count. Oh, that doesn't count. Yeah.


Zach used to sell cars. Oh yeah. Me too. Yeah. What kinda cars did he sell? We did a newest Chrysler Jeep Dodge and Ram used as just whatever we got. What about you? I Used cars. You enjoyed it? I actually, I kind of did for a little bit for like six months. Better selling cars or trees? Definitely. Or dogs? Better Dogs Number one. Trees number two. Cars number three. I'm not really, I don't know if you know this about me or not Hank, but I'm not that knowledgeable when it comes to cars. I Watched you put bring the El Camino back to life last night. Camino looks good. It does. I watched PFD, we, we got wings last night. Little guy date. And I watched PFT pull up and I was like, that fucking thing Looks sick. Yeah. It's nice and loud. Yeah. It's pretty sweet. And Then when he left, he the, it got in, didn't turn on.


I was like, uhoh, but you opened the hood. Got it going. No problem. I know how To do like three things now with a car, which is a massive, I'm becoming a man. That's huge. Alright. My fire fest is, I don't really have one either. I mean, I guess it's that we got the ice cream machine. It's, it's, it's up operational. Delicious. Incredible. I guess the future fire fest, like, I don't know if it's sustainable to do nine 15 ice cream every morning. But I did find today that I doing, you know, like the, like Joe Rogan's big into the sauna cold tub. I found that I did two cups of coffee and ice cream and it was basically sauna cold tub for my brain.


And And your stomach. And my stomach. But I like, I had a little bit of a pep to me that I didn't have just from the co like it was, I don't know, maybe it was, it was just the hot and cold back to back that just had me feeling good. I mean, shocks the system. Did you crash? No. It makes sense for that. No, because that's the beauty of the ice cream machine. The minute you think you're gonna crash, you just get more ice cream. Think, Think about Big Cat. What did we have for dinner last night? Wings. Hot wings. Yeah. Cold beer. Yeah. There's some. And you feel great while you're doing it, right? I did. Yeah. It's the same thing except for breakfast. Yeah. Although I going yesterday was, was five ice cream cones and then wings for dinner.


And you just gotta wonder how do these kidney stones keep Happening? No, I don't know. It's a mystery to me. It doesn't. But it is something that if I was nine years old and you told me, yeah, you're gonna, you're gonna eat ice cream for lunch and then you're gonna have wings for dinner. Yeah. I'd be like, yeah. Being an adult rock and Then ice cream for breakfast. It Is the, I mean you gotta, you, you've been kind of a hater on the ice cream machine. I'm just concerned walking in today and seeing a line of people not even close to noon. Yeah. Yeah. It was like 10:00 AM and there was a, a big group of people eating ice cream. Like it was like, it was a coffee machine. It's ice. It's great. It's the new water. It was a water cooler. Yeah's the water cooler. It's a water cooler. Yeah. Which i, I love, it's a place where we can get together and talk and, and share stories as, as office Mates.


It's Great. Imagine being the guy that had the under in the hockey game last night. Yeah. All of a sudden At the ice cream machine. At The ice cream machine. I've been doing little co If you do littler cones, you can do more of 'em. So you don't go all the way to the top. I made a mistake yesterday though. Last night. I, I, 'cause people were tweeting at me and I googled listeria. Yeah. We also had a, a professional chef in here who, Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Had some Bad Stories. Correct them on what? We don't use that word. I I Should not have Zach Googled it. We would refrain from that, if that's cool with you. Yeah. Moving Forward on the cream team, just so you know, PFT, they refer to it as the L work. Okay. Moving forward. I will not, I will try not to refer to it, but I'm, I'm recounting a story of what I did last night and last night I did in fact Google the L word.


You know, you can get, you start getting on WebMD and stuff like that. You trick yourself into having like stage four cancer the next day. Like you got, you gotta be careful googling stuff like that. That's true. That's, yeah. That's, you just start spiraling. That's a good point. Anxiety Shit's clean. They're gonna clean it once a week, maybe twice a Week. We're gonna make sure it's clean for you. Yeah. Appreciate that. Yeah. Zach, you got a fire fest before we do numbers, I've got a super quick one. Yeah. Do you have two? So my, my fire fest of the week is that the, the developers of Marvel rivals, which is a video game that I like to frequent to play with my friends and my brother. 'cause we don't live in the same areas. They're tanking the game. So they're, they're allowing these guys to do, if you're not familiar, a Smurf account, which is like in the rank system.


So what's going on here is like Burner, it's like a burner for video games. A hundred percent. They're doing burner accounts and they're coming down in the trenches of like lower levels and just pub stomping. So they're co they can't compete in their current ranking. So they like to go alter an account, come down, bully the guys who aren't to their standards. Yeah. And it just that, that's getting Very frustrating. So are you getting pub stomped every night? I'm getting pub stomped right now. In ranked? Yes. Unfortunately. Why don't you go smurf? I got, I got integrity in the game man. Ethics. Oh yeah. Okay. That actually sucks. So they're just playing down a level and pub stomping the fuck outta you. Yes. 'cause they don't wanna compete with the guys that are at their current standing, Which Is, so that's playing scared. Is that, is there any, is that a little bit, are you just mad you're getting beat?


Yeah. It sounds like you're just getting straight up stomped. That's One of the aspects. But they said they'd address the smurfing in the newest update. That, that is terrible. In the update. And the la latter part of the update is that they've changed the team up and now there's a sharknato that you can light on fire and the sharknato is ruining the game. It's bad. The shark NATO's too powerful. They gotta nerve the Smurfs. So Jeff is a shark. Jeff has an ability to swoop everybody up. Storm is another character in the game. Yeah. She does tornadoes. They can collab now Sharknato, the third guy comes in with this fire tornadoes. Yeah. Now we got a flame sharknato going and it, it's what was once a nice escape for me. My friends is like in existence that I don't enjoy. So you're Just going cheer Player. Zach, I feel like that's a big, that says a lot about you.


Who do you play with? I'm either going Invisible Woman or I'm going Bucky Barnes. So I'll do heels and a little bit of a DPS No tank though. Okay. Wait. Yeah, I know. I know what all that means. So, so, so every night, Zach, what you're saying is you're basically going to like literal war where you're just dying constantly and it's just not fun anymore Depending on the night. Yes. Last couple nights we just begin destroyed. Damn. It's no longer any fun. It's not like before it was a great time. Now it's not really in existence. Is morale low All time low? Yeah. A couple guys were just like, I'm not doing it, I'll fix it. Oh no. Do you guys Have like a squad name or Anything? No. No squad name. Just you, your Brother, your Boy. Me and my brother. And then some interchangeable homies I swapped through. Nice. Your homies swapping.


They're swapping through. Okay. What it, this sharknato sounds. It just destroys everything. Yeah, just picks everybody off the point. You know, you're trying to hold down the point and then the Sharknato sweeps 'em up. It's really unfair. 15 name. What game is This again? Marvel Rivals. A PVP five E five. Marvel themed. And who's the developer? Chinese developer. I, if I was gonna pronounce it, I would pronounce it incorrectly, but it was, This sounds brutal Because I wanted Pumps Zer. I thought it was buzzard. Oh yeah. I mean I, at first Call of Duty, it's Like that you get pub stomped. Oh yeah. I've been getting pub stomped recently. Dude. In the air, in Aviation. In the air. Yeah. Yeah. One of my squadron members really like went into the dms on a popular team, started roasting them.


So now they've got some developers that are on that team. Now they're just amping up the difficulty level of the bots that I play against. That can't be true. I'm getting pub Stomped. Alright, so who's, what's the Chinese name word that you can't pronounce? It's net ease. So not as Chinese as I first thought. Yeah. Not as Chinese games. All right. Listen to me Very clearly. Net ease game. Get the fuck out here with the shark. Nato, you're ruining the game. My boy's getting pub stomped and he's about to quit entirely. It's bad for his mentals. And figure out the Smurfs. Thank you guys for doing that. Yeah. Appreciate it. Yeah, that He's rescind the new update. Aws Let's fight for Zach, like, I don't know. Tweet at at at net's games.


Like figure out the Smurfs. No more pub stomping and fuck the Sharknado. And if you guys see anybody smurfing, feel free to report Man. Hit that report button. Get 'em gone. Have You been reporting? I report. Yeah. I get 'em outta there. I pack 'em up. Yeah. I hate to say it, but I'll Do it. I mean, hypothetically if you were to tweet at them, it would be at net eat net Ease games. EN That's at net. Ease games. Underscore EN. Yeah. So or or just Oh no tweet. Yeah, tweet at Marvel rivals. That's perfect. That's the, that's the account that gets a lot of, yeah. Okay. Tweet at Marvel rivals. Tell 'em no more pub stomping. No more Smurfing.


No more Sharknato. You had another one. That was it. We, I There's a second one if You want me. Oh, memes is, is saying? Yes. You have another one? I have a second one. Super quick. Get to It. Call duty update. Also bad. Was it bad? I didn't know I was, I know I was deleting You there. Oh, I thought you had some game on the co update. My bad. So I guess second one super fast is some of the recent clips about, I know we've talked about a couple eating habits here. These circle back to my mom and she, I, we mentioned that maybe I don't tell her the full truth about what it means sometimes. And then we do group FaceTimes at the end of the night. Right. So family FaceTimes. Oh, that's Sweet.


That is super enjoyable. It is because everybody's in different areas, you know, catch up on our days. Really a highlight of my day. It's kind of taken a turn. She's now having me report back like what I'm eating for dinner. Like, you lied to me. What's going on? That's good though. Yeah, She Cares. Can have you thought about try this tonight? So what time do you do the FaceTime? It just, it just depends what time they can get my grandpa to bed. Usually around like anywhere from six to nine. That's, that's really sweet. I think maybe tonight you'd just be like, Hey mom, listen, I'm getting in the fucking pub stomped every fucking night. The last thing I need is you smurfing my ass with a sharknado. She's like, what is he going insane. So what is she, what is she, is she what's she's concerned with?


Because you're, you're doing your thing. She just, she just wants to best for me to make sure I'm healthy. You know, she doesn't want me to keep, she knows I'm, I'm real easy at habit forming. So if I start the habit forms and I'm just gonna keep ripping the fast food for eternity. So, but I, so I did, I did get ahead of it in the grocery order. I had some ground beef. I had some rice, avocado. I did show her the ingredients on the counter. But that was on Monday and I ended up getting that pizza. Yeah. Yeah. So I had to shamefully walk the ground beef to the trash chute. 'cause it, that was the last day. It was good for But you show, but guess what you showed it to? She did get the ingredients. Yeah, she saw the ingredients. Now what if she sees this clip?


This is why I only wanna do the first one. That's not good. The Zach, I, I've been also asking Zach for his dinners and he sent me just a large pepperoni pizza that he ate the whole thing of, and he said, but I did not get any knots. No garlic nuts. Good Work. Good work. But he actually then followed up saying he kind of regretted 'cause he could have used a couple knots maybe. Would it make your mom feel better if you just get vitamins too? So you're like, Hey mom, I took my vitamins today. I think we start at the E, the e beginning builder blocks to, I think we gotta have the food pyramid down right before we start gonna supplements. No, I think you can go supplements and then you can eat whatever you want. Wouldn't take that. Start working out here at the office.


She's be like, mom, I'm playing basketball for 10 hours a day. So lie more, you think? Yeah. Lie your way outta this. That's how we got here. I think you gotta lie your way out. This. That's, that's not good. We'll tell your mom what if you said, you know what mom, I'm just not eating dinner at all anymore. And then she'd be like, no, you have to eat something. You're like, okay. Yeah, good point. I'll eat dinner, I throw. It's a fast. Yeah. You could also do this Zach, this is real quick. Why don't you start eating big lunches and then when she asks what's for dinner, you'll be like a cucumber Not hungry. Just go with some super light. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause then you're not actually lying. I Like that. Yeah. You're telling her the truth. You say what your dinner is, But a big lunch, you go sluggish in the middle of the day. It's very safe. I think if you ate what you eat in the middle of the day, we wouldn't see you for the rest of The day.


That wouldn't be good for production. Yeah. Or You could just eat lunch at 7:00 PM That's Super fair. Yeah. Yeah. We'll just move around the, the time of day where the eating is at. Yeah. Lunch is a state of mind. I like that. Alright, good show. We'll have Ryan Whitney on Monday to recap the weekend and do a little US open preview memes. Have you had any time to think about how you didn't really congratulate me enough for my VAR first ever? VAR. Congrats. Okay, let's do number three. Three. That was memes. That was memes. That was unfortunately memes. Fuck. I Thought you were gonna wait till he Was talking. Sorry. I also thought that 77, 65, 56.


I'm gonna get it today. No you're not 21. Yeah. Pop in 99 P 52, 55. Oh, you're right on me. 56. I gotta remember my number now. You're 65. 44. 44. Love you guys.